Evalyn turned to the soldiers in the area before leaving with Doctor Lock to get her mother.

"If anyone shows up to prevent me from getting my mother, or a single person fires at my mother, I'll find all of you and slaughter you mercilessly—after killing them and every solider in the area."

Everyone's bodies shook with fear.

"So leave and tell every soldier present about what you've seen here." Evalyn ordered.

"Don't hold back or be diplomatic because if my mother dies today, everyone in this hospital will die too. The doctors, nurses, orderlies, patients, and rioters; not a single person will be spared.

You all held my mother hostage and forced me to risk my and my mother's lives to do your job.

I've done that, so if you kill her after holding her hostage, my eight hours of life-saving aid will be reversed with interest."

Icy chills crawled down everyone's spines as a wave of negative synesthesia pulsed through the area.

"Yes, mam." Randolph replied nervously.

"Good; don't forget that. As of this moment, my mother's life is your life. So get your priorities straight." Evalyn warned coldly.

Without further explanation, she turned around and took Doctor Lock's hand, forcefully triggering the woman to move.

It was time to get her mom back, and she hoped her grand display and false attitude were enough to compensate for the Qi deprivation she was experiencing.

Evalyn, Doctor Lock, Vince, and Palmer walked through the ward at high speed.

No one talked; everyone was afraid of the blonde who had murder in her eyes.

After fifteen minutes of walking, the group finally made it to the room.

Beautiful orange, red, and purple hues lit up the corridor.

It was sunset, and glass plane walls in the hospital's lavish area illuminated it.

"E-Evalyn." Yakov said in his thick Russian accent nervously.

Evalyn narrowed her eyes with a bloodthirsty gaze. "Why do you look horrified to see me?"

"We're not horrified to see you." Edgar replied calmly but hesitantly.

"Don't lie to me." She snapped viciously, "Step aside; I'm taking my mom now. My time is overdue, and Doctor Lock is here to process the release."

The soldiers swallowed.

"We can't do that." Edgar said hesitantly.

Evalyn's eyes filled with crazed wrath. "Step aside, or I'll slaughter all of you, just like I did Doctor Miser and Ray."

Everyone's eyes filled with shock, and Doctor Lock stared at the blonde.

"The doctor tried to sexually assault a nurse." The blonde continued coldly, "The soldier was counting the minutes to harm me. Both were standing between me and my mother.

I don't have any problem with you, so get the fuck out of my way."

Yakov began shaking and looked at Edgar and Miller. They were just as nervous.

Evalyn's eyes trembled with horrifying bloodlust, and the atmosphere's temperature dropped below zero as a torrent of frost cycled around her, leaving thin layers of ice over everything.

"Don't blame—AghhhhhhhHHH!" Yakov said before a dagger shot through his shoulder, pinning him to the wall. Everyone looked at the man in horror.

"Did you just say the word [blame]?" Evalyn asked with crystal blue eyes that froze their souls.

"E-Evalyn, listen. Your mom turned—"

A dagger shot through Miller's shoulder, and he began screaming too.

"Step aside, Edgar. You're the only person in my way, and I don't want to hear anything any of you has to say." Evalyn growled.

Edgar swallowed and moved out of the way with a guilty expression.

Evalyn opened the door with a pounding heart and walked into the room. The second she did, she immediately vomited.

Her mother's corpse was laying on the couch with a gunshot in the center of her forehead. It was precise, proof that she wasn't moving when shot.

The blood from the couch was rancid, filling the air with a putrid smell. Her state of composition made it clear that her mom wasn't in the room long before the gunshot happened.

The sight, combined with Miller and Yakov's screams, was haunting.

Evalyn turned around and walked one foot out of the room, standing right next to Edgar, who was silent in shame.

"Saul turned—"

The calm man, wearing a guilty expression, said two words before an ice dagger crashed into his skull, making his head explode.

A torrent of frost developed in the hallway, and everyone present, including Doctor Lock, developed ice on their skin.

Everyone panicked and began screaming, but she didn't listen.

Evalyn waved her hand, and two spinning daggers, the same that Kaze made on the first day, shot out on both sides of her.

Their tips aligned perfectly with the throats of Miller and Yakov.

"W-Wait! H-Have mer—"

Yakov tried pleading, but the knives flew forward, and their throats exploded on contact. Gushing rivers flowed from their necks, and Evalyn continued walking up the hallway.

A group of three dozen troops with abnormally large Qi ran into the hall.

"Her mother's dead." A soldier said, "So she's dangerous. Kill her on sight!"

Without warning, a dagger flew out of the hallway and bent 90 degrees. It shot forward, cutting the man's throat on contact.

It was the most surreal experience they had ever seen. As a result, the soldiers weren't prepared for three more daggers to shoot forward, killing three more.

An ominous cloud of dry ice fog leaked out of the hallway as Evalyn walked closer.

The soldiers watched the scene in horror. It was a horrific and twisted sight.

Evalyn passed by Doctor Lock, Palmer, and Vince slowly. They weren't dead but covered in ice, stuck to the ground and shaking with bright red skin.

The blonde knew that soldiers with guns awaited her when she walked forward—

—she didn't care.

Evalyn walked out of the hall and immediately met a hail of gunfire. She waved her hand, and a thick ice shield shot in front of her.

Bullets crashed into it, passing through at lower impact before hitting Evalyn's consistently tempered body.

The lower kinetic energy prevented them from breaking past her skin, but they still hurt immensely. However, she didn't feel the pain—she didn't feel anything.

Evalyn raised her hand again. "Razor Flurry."

A blizzard of ice shards shot through the hallway, crashing into the first layer of men.

Countless bodies dropped instantly, turning into meat piles on the ground.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"Vicious Wind!" A cultivator in the back, using the soldiers as flesh shields, yelled.

A blade of air ripped through the area, dissecting multiple people as it made its way to her.

She immediately threw up another shield, but her Qi deprivation weakened her and made her mind hazy.

The shield materialized and was cut in half, leaving a deep gash on her stomach, making blood spill out.

Three daggers shot out of thin air and shot at the man.

He immediately dodged, showcasing his skill. Unfortunately—for him—their cultivation techniques were on another level.

The blades curved mid-air and followed him like a homing missile.

Before he realized what had happened, a dagger shot into his spine, paralyzing him. She went through the extra effort so he could watch the show.

Shaking troops watched the scene in horror. They had watched countless comrades die in front of them, and more get dissected from the back.

Somehow the blades the blonde shot avoided them, targeting the cultivator with pinpoint precision.

Everyone was one inch away from death but was spared.

Now the ice demon didn't have a blade or a shield in front of her.

She was just staring at them with a crazed gaze.

Someone tried to negotiate with her, but their head exploded instantaneously. The troops were horrified and confused, unsure of what had happened.

Someone looked up and saw something beautiful—their death. A dagger shot into their eye, causing their body to crash to the ground.

Everyone looked up and found an ice chandelier reflecting a spectrum of orange, yellow, purple, and red hues from the sunset.

Only the experienced cultivators were adept enough to move back before the glass ceiling crashed down on them.