Rein and Lily walked up to where Whitney was sitting, still cultivating. They were both brunettes, but they wore their personalities on their faces.

Rein had a pixie cut that made her look like a tomboy. She had beautiful green eyes, but they looked lackluster from her lack of eyeliner.

She was naturally beautiful but had an intimidating air, clearly willing to exercise common sense to gain power when offered.

Lily was the opposite. The woman had long brown hair that she meticulously curled and had artistically applied makeup that hid her lackluster features.

The only thing they had in common was their lack of trust in Kaze. However, that's what made them perfect.

One had enough influence to sing his praises to the masses; the other was reliable and arbitrary and could thus reinforce them.

Either way, he didn't need them to trust him. He just needed their support for one hour to break the fearmongers' political spines. With any luck, they'd become his political puppets as well.

Rein walked up to him with a serious expression.

"I don't question your capability or teaching, but I don't trust you for logical reasons and will continue to not do so." She said with a poker face.

"Are you sure you want to waste time and resources on me?"

"I don't mind if people dislike or distrust me." Kaze laughed, "However, I dislike when people waste my time or threaten me.

Since you're doing neither, I'm happy to aid you, regardless of your future support."

Most people's eyes filled with perplexion. Rein's narrowed, trying to decipher his intentions. However, she immediately sat down to prevent wasting his time.

Following her lead, Lilly did the same.

The scene made him smile; Rein was a perfect resource for the future. Her trustworthiness amongst people made people willing to follow her example.

He knew that from the beginning, that's why he chose her.

"Thank you for being respectful of my time." Kaze smiled, "What I'm about to do will feel sexual; that much is obvious.

I'm also just touching your arm; that is equally obvious. You consent to this, yes?"

"Yes." Rein said in annoyance, "I'm prepared and have self-restraint."

"Is that so?" He chuckled, "Well, start cultivating and we'll get started."

Without further discussion, she began cultivating Illuminecent Breathing, making her body glow red.

She was among the five best cultivators in the group, and it was obvious from the even, ambient aura around her body.

"Alright, I'll begin." Kaze smiled while his finger illuminated and moved to her wrist. While his actions were still fast, he slowed them down considerably.

"MmmnnnnahhhAHHHH~!" Rein moaned with a mortified expression, masked behind her closed eyes.

She tried her best to retain her composure, but it only made things worse! It was like he shook her like a soda bottle, and holding her moan back made her body explode.

Everyone in the room chuckled or giggled in bewilderment, looking at her twitching face, desperately trying to regain focus.

The woman wanted to leave quickly, so she reigned in her emotions and cultivated.

When she did, her eyes trembled behind her eyelids, and so did those with Minor Vision.

This time, the other people in the Kaze Kills College Students faction looked around and saw their faces gasping in shock.

Then they looked back and saw something even more horrifying.

Rein's left arm, where he touched her, was glowing exponentially brighter than the rest of her body. It looked like it was ready to be forged by a blacksmith!

The proof of his actions was undeniable for [everyone].

No one could claim that he was doing something sketchy like making them sex dolls when the results clearly showcased his claims.

Rein swallowed in nervous frustration. She didn't want to stop cultivating out of fear of losing her findings, but she had to follow the instructions.

"Your… technique… made me aware of the Qi channels in my left arm. When I visualize those channels, the Qi flows through them exponentially faster." She said calmly.

"If that creepy technique didn't almost make me wet myself, I'd say it was remarkable."

The students were stunned by her brutal honesty for a moment before bursting into laughter.

"Thank you, Rein." Kaze chuckled, "If there were another technique that wouldn't kill you, I'd have used it instead."

Rein snapped her eyes open and stared at him in shock.

"It'd kill me?" She asked hesitantly.

"Yes. Your turn, Lilly." He smiled, ignoring Rein, "Do you consent?"

Lilly swallowed nervously. "Y-Yes. If Rein says it's okay, I'm okay with it too."

"Pleased to hear that; please start cultivating." Kaze chuckled.

The woman started cultivating. Her body glowed pink from her poor cultivation skills, making him send an evil grin inward.

Things were about to get dicey, but the results were worth it.

"Are you ready?" Kaze smiled.

"I think I am." Lilly replied nervously.

He nodded, and his finger illuminated in golden light.

However, he altered course, using an illusionary technique to maintain to weak golden glow on his finger while cranking up the voltage.

Kaze traced the woman's meridian channel faster than anyone could see. If he didn't—

"AhhhhHHAhhhhhhhhhHHHaaahHHHHaaaHHHHHHHAHhhAhhhh~!"

The poor woman screeched like a howler monkey when Kaze touched her, and she immediately hid the panties below her green skirt, which were drenched.

Her mortification was beyond explanation as she looked around the room at the students dying of laughter. The men were particularly amused, wailing on the ground.

"W-What the fuck was that!?" Lilly cried.

"Three instructions." Kaze scoffed, "That means that you were most affected. That's a good thing; check for yourself."

While he scoffed, he was grinning on the inside.

The second she began cultivating, she cringed in pain. However, no one noticed the change, as they were shocked by the red glow around her arm and chest rivaled Rein's before he helped her!

It was night and day. His actions had a double effect; by flooding her body with Qi and mining the latent Elemental Qi, her body breathed out and then inhaled.

Combined with her inability to ignore the network, it increased Qi intake exponentially, stretching her meridians.

From their point of view, she jumped from being pathetic at cultivation to being in the top five in seconds! It was insanity.

"Whoa, what the hell, man!" A man yelled out.

"How did that happen?" Another cried in panic.

The men and women looked to the emperor for answers.

"There are countless layers of cultivation skill." Kaze chuckled, "But it all starts with being aware of your meridian network, otherwise you can't channel your Qi.

You're all cultivating aimlessly, unaware of where Qi enters or where it's supposed to go.

All I've done is help expose the channels you cannot feel so that you're aware of them.

As you can see, it makes a remarkable difference."

Everyone stared at Lilly with sweating expressions.

There was only one thing on their mind—If I don't do that, I'll be the weakest cultivator by the end of the lesson!

"Can you teach me next!"

"Me too!"

"Please pick me! I'm weak, so a good test subject!"

"I'm strong so I can showcase true potential!"

Kaze smiled at the women; they all were desperate to get on board.

However, he grinned inwardly, looking at the men, who were bitter beyond comparison.

As expected, the setup was working perfectly. After a few more women, it was time to start the execution.

"Veronica, please come up next." He smiled.

The woman was ecstatic as she walked up. While Rein quickly moved back to her position, with a stoic expression, Veronica needed to help Lilly stand.

She desperately tried to hold down her skirt, but it was difficult to do that and stand. Worse, she couldn't stand to begin with because of her wobbling legs!

Women giggled, and men broke out of their stupor to laugh.

However, Lily didn't have any regrets. She was sexually pleased beyond comparison, and her growth was remarkable. There wasn't anything to be discontented about.

Kaze chuckled as Veronica helped her walk back to her original seat and then returned.

Once again, the emperor's finger glowed, and he cranked up the voltage on her.FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Even for the self-controlled woman, she screeched louder than Lily and looked twice as wrecked, twitching on the ground.

However, she was the top cultivator in the room, so when he exposed her Qi channels, her toned meridians weren't constrained like Lilly's.

As a result, the woman looked like a candle when she finally cultivated!

"Me next!"

"Kaze, I'd be extremely grateful if you picked me!"

"Is there any way you could choose me?"

"Kaze… I'm not good at anything. I'd be a lot more useful if you'd help me."

A plethora of different pleas came out, each with a unique spin.

The situation caused an immediate uproar, and the men stewed to the point that they were ready to explode.

"Kaze, you're not fucking with us, right?" A buff athlete with light brown hair asked bluntly.

Kaze smiled, "Do you still question the veracity of my words after seeing this, Linus? I clearly recall saying this technique would result in agony instead of pleasure for men, did I not?"

"I get that, but you understand this is a seriously unfair advantage. Right?" A buff black man asked.

"Yes, these four women will have a far greater advantage. It's unfair; such is life, Tyrone." The emperor chuckled.

"This is bullshit. Aren't you supposed to be our teacher?" Linus asked, "How can we compete and grow if you're ensuring some people succeed?"

"Hoh? You mean like imprinting a billion-dollar technique onto your mind instead of making you learn it from a scroll like the other two thousand people outside?" Kaze mused mockingly.

"They're doing that as we speak, and I don't plan to help anyone with this type of learning.

So everyone's months behind you in terms of understanding."

The room fell silent at his assertion.

"Do you see why you're in here?" He continued, "Imagine if over two thousand people had that same attitude with you getting a three-month headstart.

If they found out there were 69 people who got the technique directly and had full power to climb the ranks faster, there would be a riot."

Everyone's eyes widened in shock, including the Kaze Kills College Students faction members.

They had all talked about Kaze's ominous warning that things weren't peaceful on the outside.

Moreover, they discussed the situation at the Apocalypse Party, which was scarred in their minds.

Lastly, they all dropped to the ground from his cold pressure.

However, he had [seeded] the reason they were already there. Now that a powerful demonstration reinforced the thought, the seed in their brain started to grow.

"I-I get that now. But… look, man. Will that shit work on me even if it hurts?" Tyrone asked.

"Sure it will." Kaze said with a dramatic grin, "It'll carve the meridians' location into your mind forever.

It'll be like… trauma, ensuring you never forget their location again.

It's twice as effective as what's happening here regarding cultivating. But I assure you, Tyrone, it's not worth it. "

"T-Then… I…."

"I'll do it. I'll be your guinea pig or whatever. But I want proof you're not pulling some shady shit." Linus declared.

"People are getting billion dollar techniques, free food, shelter, training, and resources, yet they still demand things." The emperor scoffed in disbelief.

Linus turned away in shame, but his determination didn't falter.

"But sure, why not." Kaze chuckled ominously, "It's rare for people to ask you to punish them for their despicable behavior, so I'll gladly oblige.

Sage, please come up here. You'll prove that I'm not lying and benefit simultaneously."

As Linus walked up, the emperor grinned inwardly. He had baited and hooked a valuable sacrifice, leading him to the slaughter.