Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Evalyn's eyes trembled after hearing the word [sickness].

"Large quantities of Qi can only be handled by those who cultivate with techniques or have physiques to support it." Kaze explained.

"Yet they're pumping the world full of it in high quantities. Soon people will die or go insane, leading to people that attack people randomly like zombies.

They're not infectious, as it's a meridian issue and treatable so long as someone can learn cultivation. However, it's also worse because they have full faculty to use their bodies and use weapons.

If they have muscle memory of an action, they can perform it. That includes eating conventional food. However, they'll eat flesh if there isn't food in an area."

Evalyn's eyes trembled in horror and disbelief. "T-They'll eat flesh?"

"It isn't supernatural. Humans have meat, and meat is food. It's strictly practical, as humans cannot live without eating, and mindless beings can't work." Kaze clarified apathetically.

She couldn't believe what Kaze was saying. However, he had yet to be wrong when predicting future events.

"How will people fight this many people?" Evalyn asked while looking around at the hundreds of people on the pier.

"They're not undead. Most will quickly die from disease and starvation in the first 28 days, but they'll wreak unparalleled damage before they go." He explained, "Those that survive will regain consciousness and become a serious problem before the [next stage]."

Evalyn shook her head in denial. However, despite her efforts to reject his words, she believed him to a fault. So his words filled her with true fear.

"In a month's time, resources will be meaningless." Kaze warned, "The Qi Sickness epidemic will run rampant, sending the world into chaos. That's why we must act now."

Evelyn turned to face the wheezing people with a complex look on her face.

"Okay. I'll help you." She confirmed.

"Great." Kaze said with a clap while standing, "Set up a shell organization to wire funds clandestinely and I'll send you details for ticket arrangements."

"Wait, wait, wait. Hold up!" Evelyn cried, "That's far more than I agreed to."

Kaze gave her a mocking smile. "What does the word clandestine mean to you?"

She froze, swallowing her words.

"How else will we get tens of millions In funds from prominent business people and celebrities?" He asked sarcastically, "A million dollars in twenties weighs more than 100 pounds. We can't transfer a metric ton in cash every—"

"Wait! Let me get this straight." Evelyn laugh-scoffed in disbelief, "My job is to discreetly wire tens of millions of dollars, while you openly interact with the most non-discrete clients possible?"

"It seems you heard correctly." Kaze chuckled while pulling out his wallet.

"How the hell am I supposed to do that?" Evalyn laughed bitterly.

The emperor scoffed in disbelief while putting two one-hundred-dollar bills on the table. Evalyn immediately scooped them up and shot her hand out.

"Must I do everything?" He asked mockingly, "I'm going to obtain tens of millions from high end clients, and you wish me to figure out logistics as well?"

He took the money and placed one bill on the table, staring at her blank expression.

"I…." She muttered.

"Look. We do what we're good at. That's why rulers have aids to do what they're good at." Kaze said with a mocking smile.

"And you're great at having sex?" Evalyn asked the lanky teen, who was riddled with acne a few days ago.

"More than you could ever know." He replied with a charming smile before turning around and grabbing the window, "Feel free to find out sometime.*

Evalyn watched him wave his hand at her with a bewildered expression. He was carrying a seven-by-four-foot window with his fingers on his left hand.

She sat down at the table when he finally disappeared and began pouting. In the entire conversation, she hadn't been able to use even a single preparation she made.

Worse, he somehow roped her into helping him set up a shell organization to launder money!

She looked down at his uneaten oysters and realized he left the second she said yes to prevent her from getting talked out of it!

Evalyn stewed bitterly and pulled his plate of oysters to her, completely ignoring the wheezing people in the background.

—

June 7th, 2032 - 15 Days Remaining

"The emergence of superpowers has completely reshaped society." A man in a suit said during a press conference. Evalyn watched the representative of the Malta government speak in a twisted haze.

It was 7 am on a Monday, and she was begrudgingly researching how to set up a shell organization before classes began. Now that the promised announcement went out, she forgot her earlier grievances.

"We're already setting up task forces to deal with criminals using their cultivation techniques to commit crime, and will now require all cultivators to register their techniques with the military." The man announced.

"That isn't to say that cultivation isn't beneficial.

While many have been overexposed to Qi, we're confident they will return far stronger.

Doctors have already noticed that cultivation reduces aging and reverses the effects of diseases and sickness.

Its anti-aging effects will doubtlessly be a major factor in government posts and financial industries.

The power is also critical to military operations, and the Malta Military will give resources to any cultivators joining the military.

Updates will be made regularly in the days and weeks ahead. That's all."

Evalyn listened with a wry smile. She was now certain that Kaze didn't have insider information.

If he did have information on the cultivator's arrival ahead of time, it would explain his preparations. That would strike one mystery on the table.

However, he shouldn't have information on the government's announcement.

She pulled out her phone and logged into Yanko as an anonymous user to look at the havoc she had been following nonstop since Kaze addressed her.

-----

Geek thrashes jocks in self-defense while defending a woman's honor.

Views: 73,128,978

Likes: 28,283,937

Comments:

Just_Liven_Life: Did this kid have cultivation ahead of time? | +131,783

— Tyrone_Shawn: Does anyone know him? We need to ask | +58,278

—— Get_Rekt_Sun: I'm not sure, but I heard Scrawn Fu goes to Lockheed University | +111,287

Michael_Mann: It's been two days, and Scrawn Fu is already a legend! | +122,837

— Rambunctuous_Riley: You can't become a legend with one viral video | +7,271

—— Tweet_Tweet_MF: Woah, check your privilege. @yanko.com/video/3127/scrawn-fu-the-lost-emperor | +57,381

-----

Evalyn narrowed her eyes when she saw the link to another video.

She pressed it immediately with interest.

-----

Scrawn Fu, the Lost Emperor

Views: 128,978,281Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Likes: 87,283,937

Comments:

Just_Liven_Life: The guy looks like a weeb that practiced with a wooden sword until he was a real swordmaster. | +837,037

— Wilin_Out: Does this mean we have to start respecting these people now | +191,278

—— Rando_Maker: Brb. I'm going to grab some popcorn. | +388,287

—— Lenna_Wynn: Should've done that from the start. I hate people like you. | +98,983

———— Wilin_Out: You're the type that scoffs at his kind and then rushes to their side once they're popular. I hate people like you. | +187,057

Anonymous: Look at the professor. She's hella flushed lololol | +483,997

,m — Tiara_Willis: I'd be too. I'll brave the hate to say that charm was fire. | +277,271

—— Shut_Up_Garden_Gadget: Thirsty. | +32,271

——— Lisha_Trox: How didn't your kind die out with evolution? | +139,273

———— Rob_Plates: Don't worry. Scrawn Fu will come to collect. | +731,007

Just_Liven_Life: Cultivation must've hit early. Dude's straight possessed XD | +393,037

— Tiara_Willis: No, seriously. I was in that class. He walked in geeky as normal and then suddenly woke up like that. | +1,382,271

-----

Evalyn stopped reading when she read the last comment, staring at her phone in disbelief.

"He just woke up that way?" She whispered, "What if… he really is from the future?"

An icy chill crawled down her spine when the images of the choking people on the pier.

"Qi sickness…." Evalyn whispered.

She immediately pulled out her phone and made some calls.

"Yes, Uncle. I'm sorry to bother you right now. Yes, I got a cultivation technique.

Mmhm, I can show you all. But first, I have a serious favor to ask of you." Evalyn requested with a determined expression.