Sage's green eyes lit up when Kaze announced she was next.

She quickly got up, dusted off her black business skirt, and ran forward to replace Veronica, who was slightly twitching on the ground after cultivating.

The redhead helped the black-haired woman stand and led her back to her seat to rest while everyone around her giggled, observed her with Minor Vision, or just noted her mental state.

Then she sat in front of the emperor enthusiastically, thrilled to get a power boost, making him chuckle.

Linus wasn't so enthusiastic. He didn't trust that Kaze wouldn't pull something shady, purposely make a demonstration out of him to prevent men from complaining.

So he walked up nervously, sweat dripping down the grey muscle shirt he wore to work out before the emperor arrived.

"Sage, I'll perform the technique on your right arm and then transfer the technique instantly to Linus' left arm." Kaze explained with a smile.

"Everyone else is to watch with Minor Vision to ensure I didn't switch techniques. Will that do, Linus?"

The athlete gulped. It would do; that was the problem!

Kaze's confident smile and system to prevent foul play indicated that he wasn't doing anything shady.

So if he were telling the truth confidently, the word [trauma] was likely not exaggerated.

His amygdala triggered his fight-or-flight response, telling him to leave. However, it instantly warred against his ego, screaming for him not to wuss out.

"How bad is the trauma?" Linus asked nervously.

"How bad is the [trauma]?" Kaze scoffed in true disbelief, "Are you unhinged? The lunacy bleeding from that question is hallucinogenic!"

Everyone burst into laughter, and the man's ego flared up again.

"That's not what I meant." Linus scoffed, "I'm asking how bad it will be. Level of one to ten."

The emperor looked around the room to ensure he wasn't alone in his aggressive bewilderment. Then he turned back to the athlete.

"Not only is that question highly subjective to the weakness of your character…." Kaze laugh-scoffed, "Do you think I've done it myself? Are you mad?"

Linus' eyes lit up in astonishment. "Then how the hell do you know?"

The emperor closed his eyes to reign in his desire not to rip the man's heart out and display it as a war trophy at the amphitheater.

"Do you need to stick your head in an oven to know what it'll do to you?" He scoffed mockingly.

"I'll attribute your suffocating stupidity to mania and passion, but do not drag me into your delusions."

Everyone burst into laughter, getting riled up.

"So it's an oven, then?" Linus asked aggressively.

"Sage, begin cultivating." Kaze smiled, "We'll begin when this clown stops echoing delusional statements and decides what to do."

Linus's face heated up in a rage but was swiftly cut off by a lethal glare.

"I already warned you of the consequence up front and then advised against it." The emperor said coldly.

"I didn't ask you to do this, nor did I ask you to rudely treat me as a liar.

So don't get mad that I've decried your offensive, obstinate behavior and barren circular questions.

Sit down here and accept the benefits and consequences, or sit over there and hold your tongue.

Either way, stop disrespecting me and making a mockery of my lecture, or I'll refuse to teach you in the future."

Linus looked around and saw women glaring at him angrily, and men looked at him with faces ranging from pity to annoyance.

No one was on his side. His ego flared up, and he determined that he had to go through with it to make up for his behavior or vindicate his actions.

So he sat down nervously, making Kaze roll his eyes.

"Don't worry, love." Kaze warned sage, "I'll give you a minimal amount to ensure this buffoon doesn't distort your environment, but I'll do it twice to make up for it."

Sage nodded nervously. She looked at the man with fear in her eyes, as did everyone else.

"Now cultivate, you two. I have neither the time nor the patience to continue this charade." He declared, "Everyone else, observe."

Linus closed his eyes and began cultivating.

After they got into a trance-like state, Kaze glided his finger up Sage's wrist.

"Mmmn~" Sage moaned lightly with a smile on her face. It was a gentle touch, and her meridians weren't stretched.

As a result, her lung meridian network glowed brighter red around his finger in real-time. It was a beautiful streak, much like watching the Aurora Borealis.

Everyone gasped at the breathtaking simplicity. However, their attention got quickly pulled to Kaze's finger, which retained its same color.

He lifted it to show everyone, seeking their approval.

They nodded in assent and watched in slow motion as Kaze touched down on the man's wrist.

Kaze [tapped] the man on his wrist with his fingertip.

"AghhhhGHAHHHHHHHH!" Linus screamed, snapping his eyes open and grabbing his arm.

It felt like he dipped it in magma and then twisted it in a bucket of glass shards like putting nuts on an ice cream cone.

"WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS!" The athlete screamed.

"A thorough demonstration of your undisguised buffoonery." Kaze replied apathetically.

Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Everyone in the room watched the scene in horror. Most thought that it would be funny, but watching Linus scream out in true agony was not funny.

There was nothing funny about the scene.

No one had ever seen someone scream in so much pain in their lives; Linus was rolling around with tears rolling down his face, clutching his wrist with a seizing body.

His pleas to end it branded itself on their souls; it haunted their mind. It was traumatic.

Kaze grinned inwardly, watching their faces with a satisfied look in his eyes. He was making a demonstration that traumatized them into trusting his words.

They would never forget the consequences of not believing him. That's exactly what he wanted.

However, his face remained in a frown until he looked at his puppet and set his enemy's executions into motion.

"Sage, can I borrow your assistance?" Kaze asked dryly.

"O-Of course." Sage replied, "What can I do?"

"You already know a bit of dual cultivation, so I'd like to teach you a minor technique." He replied.

"It would be extremely helpful for you to demonstrate the next portion of this class.

It's a shame that something so positive would be spent dealing with something so avoidable, but you can help stop his pain."

The redhead's eyes widened in astonishment. "Of course."

"Good, please hold still." Kaze requested, touching his finger to her forehead.

Sage's eyes filled with wonderment at a simple yet profound new technique. It was similar to the one he used on the women but was a mortal-grade technique instead of a divine-grade one.

"Do you understand it enough to perform it on this imbecile's wrist?" He asked.

"Yes… I can try. It's very simple." She replied nervously.

Like the emperor, her finger glowed. However, it was a light pink color instead of golden.

Then Kaze used an unknown technique to paralyze the man, stunning everyone.

Sage dry swallowed nervously, approaching the man cautiously.

Since his wrist was flat against the ground and paralyzed, she only needed to retain her concentration past the sound of his haunting screams.

She closed her eyes and touched down on his wrist.

The effects were instantaneous. Linus' face relaxed considerably, and his cries stopped. She rubbed the area until his face soothed and there was no longer any pain.

Once the pain was gone, the athlete passed out on the floor.

The scene left everyone perplexed, amazed, and horrified.

The emperor clapped, breaking everyone free of their labyrinth-like hazes.

"It's unfortunate that everyone had to see something so unpleasant, but his pain is genuinely over." Kaze assured, triggering sighs of relief.

"Okay, since we're running short on time, and you do not think me a liar, I'll explain what happened.

As mentioned before, as straight males, we both have Yang Qi exclusively. When the two meet, they violently explode.

Once again, you don't need to stick your head in an oven to know what it will do to you, yes?"

Dead silence met his words. Everyone's eyes trembled in confusion.

"These blithering baffoons didn't ask why it would cause an issue." Kaze continued, "They just insisted on asking what the meaning of [trauma] was."

His cheeky smile eased the tension in the room. Since Linus had stopped screaming in agony, everyone lightened up and smiled.

"Yin and Yang Qi are coincidentally developed around the hormones for sexual attraction towards sexes." He explained.

"As a result, most women have Yin Qi, and the same technique has the opposite effect. If done correctly, it insights strong pleasure instead of deep agony.

Now that this wonderfully relevant segway has presented itself let's discuss what we're learning next."

Everyone's eyes widened at the sudden shift.

"Everyone has seen Qi channels' value and how you can unlock them with this technique." Kaze asserted.

"Therefore, all will get the opportunity to learn the technique Sage just used.

During lecture periods, you'll be able to pair up with the men to help each other trace your lung meridian network.

It starts from the wrist to your collarbone, and the technique you're learning is mild and non-sexual.

With your level of cultivation, it will only create a warming sensation. So you needn't worry that men and women will touch and you'll want to [wet yourself]."

The students' jaws dropped to the floor before they eased up and burst into laughter, making Rein turn bright red.

"While it's unfair that I've helped some more than others, learning how to work together to obtain power is a critical factor in your cultivation journey." Kaze asserted.

"Teaching you how to grow is more important.

Moreover, it's a great opportunity for people to meet and for men and women to help each other grow. It's great for bonding.

There are now five people that have full insight into their meridian network.

They can help guide you in exchange for helping them with the other half of their body.

It's a win-win for everyone; they will benefit each time they teach and vice versa.

I'll begin teaching anyone who [asks] for the technique, and you'll have time to practice under my guidance until I leave. Let's get started."

The men were elated by the strange development! Of the 69 students from Lockheed University, only 22 were male.

They had their pick of the females; no man would get left behind!

On the contrary, the women would flood them since there was a two-to-one ratio!

Everyone would have the ability to practice because the women were incentivized to interact with them.

Every male was initially disgruntled but was now instantly loyal to Kaze. He blessed them with a dream scenario.

While the women were weary, they saw its value and appreciated Kaze's rules for the first time.

No one wanted to be left behind, as they knew the benefits and understood the reasoning behind his mysterious, protective rules. They trusted him more.

Only one group found the situation horrifying—the Kaze Kills College Students faction.

Rein, Lily, and the rest of the members felt Icy chills crawl down their spines as Kaze began teaching the technique to the men in the room.

It only took one minute into the start of the practice session for their fears to be realized.

The emperor might as well have executed them for their crimes.