While Kaze announced the party, Evalyn made profound, non-tempering cultivation progress.

She intentionally cycled her traumatic memories through her mind, remembering every detail.

Her goal was to [scar] the memories onto her soul to prevent new developments from reopening wounds.

It was also efficient training because her memories triggered wrath and allowed her to practice controlling her emotions. After six hours, no ice was on the lake, showcasing her progress.

Once she was in control, her mind drifted to the black veins on Kaze's chest.

"What caused that?" Evalyn whispered to herself.

It was inconceivable that such a terrifying development would happen in a night, but she had seen his chest just days before.

She pushed past the endless cycle she was stuck in and retraced what happened once she left the hospital.

After ten minutes, she remembered the golden light moving to Kaze, and her eyes trembled below her eyelids.

"That… wasn't a cultivation technique." She whispered, "The hospital was already destroyed and everyone was already dead. That means…."

Kaze's words resounded in her head.

—

"The fourth type is soul Qi, which is released after the death of a being or organism rich with Qi."

—

"He cultivated the soul Qi from thousands of people." Evalyn muttered in shock, "[Consequences] my ass! That goes far beyond temporary frostbite, and he can't heal it!"

If she got frostbite with a body that tempers from the cold, what would happen to a normal body if it cultivated thousands of souls out of the blue?

Evalyn didn't need to ask. He already confirmed it!

—

[Will this kill you?]

"It'll do something far worse if I don't do anything about it."

—

The more she thought about it, the more horrifying it became.

Evalyn planned to stay cultivating through the night, but Kaze had already saved her life multiple times. She couldn't just sit around and let him bare such a horrifying burden without concern!

So she stood up on the rock and took twenty seconds to freeze a path to the shore, disregarding her training.

Within a minute, she had already made it to solid ground and quickly fumbled with the gate to get it unlocked. Once outside, she ran to the faction with a beating heart.

However, the closer she got to the faction, the slower her movements became until she stood still in front of the mansion she slept in the night before with a twitching eyebrow.

The reason that she slowed down was the same reason that her irritation flared up.

An eruption of cheers and offensively loud EDM music blared from the mansion, and a full-fledged party raged on the front and the back, and she could hear it for half a mile!

Worse, while Kaze claimed that anyone could enter Immortal Skye, he set the pickup date for those under 18 or over 28 to the day [after] the fourth Qi Influx.

As a result, everyone was legally an adult except her uncle's children. However, hundreds were under the legal drinking age but stood before her, getting plastered on her front lawn!

"Why does this surprise me?" Evalyn chuckled ominously with madness swirling in her eyes, "This shouldn't surprise me yet does somehow."

The blonde strode through the party hellscape, ignoring the keg stands, awkward flirting, and beer pong games raging outside.

That didn't mean she succeeded. There was a fifty-foot beer pong table with a sign with [Cultivator Pong] plastered on it!

Below the sign, it said [If you can't play beer pong on a fifty-foot table, you can't claim you're a cultivator!] in Kaze's pretentious cursive handwriting.

"Kaze was stressed for time preparing for the apocalypse, yet he demanded my uncle by a fifty-foot table for beer pong and found the time to personally write a fucking sign on it!?" She chuckled.

Her chuckle was so caustic it could eat through steel.

Seeing thousands of disposable red plastic cups in everyone's hands filled her eyes with ire.

Evalyn had witnessed the horrifying suffering in Meridian City firsthand and lived through horrifying trauma because of it.

So seeing Kaze spend tens of thousands on disposable plastic cups when everyone should focus on reusable products was nothing short of offensive.

She strode through the front door of the mansion. As she passed, countless men and women stared at her in awe.

"Who's that?"

,m "I'm not sure. I've never seen her before."

"She wasn't at the introduction ceremony; I'd remember seeing someone like that."

"Me too. The women here are hot as fuck."

"She's beautiful. Don't you think, Sarah?"

"Gorgeous. She's not even wearing makeup but puts us to shame."

"You're not supposed to say the obvious."

"Go talk to her, Max."

"Are you insane? Look at her eyes!"

"Yeah… I pity whoever she's looking for."

"Do you think she's looking for Faction Leader?"

"Who else, dude? Who else would someone like that look for!"

"Why does she look familiar?"

"Wait, you're right. Noooooooo way! Isn't that Honor Girl?"

"What? They do look familiar, but... there's no way. Couldn't be."

Everyone was talking about her as she moved passed them.

However, despite everyone's interest, no one tried talking to her because she was [pissed].

Evalyn's wrath was palpable, so everyone quickly moved out of the way.

Her mood temporarily cooled slightly inside the room. One of the main rooms had a detoxification station with eight people working at it.

Kaze had taught people a detox technique in exchange for them helping people sober up.

"Wait! How the hell does he find a way to poison every good action he makes!?" Evalyn laughed murderously, "That sign is in his handwriting. It's like he's proud of this!"

The sign above the station said [Round Two Preparation Station]. It snuffed out all the goodwill the station created and put it in a deficit.

As a result, the entire floor and indoor pool devoted to sober entertainment with a mandatory detox station for entrance balanced the deficit, leaving her as disgruntled as she was when she entered.

"Kaze." Evalyn demanded, looking at a random brunette cautiously sipping a fruity, multicolored drink.

The faction member's eyes trembled in confusion. However, she didn't dare stutter.

Somehow the blonde had the same demanding aura that Kaze had, but she didn't hide her danger behind a charming countenance.

Evalyn's gaze burned through her soul.

So the woman nervously swallowed, collected her thoughts, and responded. "He's downstairs in the main pool area. The one in the glass room."

"Thank you." Evalyn nodded with a genuine smile before turning away and letting her crazed expression return.FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

She quickly flew down the stairs, skillfully dodging people walking up the stairs in swimsuits.

Once again, she scoffed at the bottom. Four men and three women in rainbow-colored jester costumes took size orders for swimsuits.

Size orders. There was a full station with around ten thousand swimsuits of various sizes, colors, and patterns.

"If he didn't make [billions] and pull this off somehow, I'd murder him." Evalyn laughed, "Though it is amusing envisioning my stressed-out uncle looking for bulk retail sellers to purchase these."

As always, she couldn't remain angry with Kaze, which was the worse part.

A massive room with large glass walls was at the back of the downstairs area. Inside was a decadent 100 by 50 roman style swimming pool with marble pillars.

The room was encased in glass, allowing swimmers to relax in the moonlight under the stars.

However, no one was [relaxing]. Faction members were drinking poolside, playing beer pong on floating tables, or riding around on massive neon pink flamingo floats.

Seeing people play bumper carts with massive pink flamingos in a classy roman style pool was too much for the blonde to comprehend.

She watched the birds battling as she walked, watching in a trance. Somehow she forgot what she was doing for a moment.

"Evalyn!" A familiar yelled out with a grand, smiling voice.

Evalyn turned her head from the pool and found Kaze in the hot tub with twelve beautiful, giggling women. Each was over the age of twenty-one and hanging on his every word.

Two of them were in his arms, cuddled close so he could touch two on their shoulders.

Seeing his grinning face was devastating.

At the last moment, the blonde's vigor and passion were snuffed out by massive battle flamingos and now getting angry again was horrifyingly awkward.

Her entire mind froze, and she forgot everything she planned to yell at him about.

Despite her new power and all her experiences, somehow, she was just as helpless as she was on their first [date].