[**Warning!** Our profoundly straight, sex-positive protagonist is about to have a wild threesome with two awkward, closeted bisexual mob characters over the next few chapters.

Skip ahead if that makes you uncomfortable. I don't want to lose your readership because of one random apolitical sex scene is strictly chosen for comedic reasons. Thanks!]

—

Kaze and Riley made their way to the other woman, Sarah, a dirty blonde wearing a green floral bikini, waiting in a storage closet that housed pool cleaning supplies.

It was small and had shelves and tile floors.

The two women had wry smiles, going to a storage room with Kaze. It felt dirty and unceremonious, especially knowing they were in a multi-million dollar mansion!

"What are those faces for, you two?" Kaze chuckled, "You act like we're [talking] in a storage closet."

Both were confused, but the emperor grabbed Riley's hand with his left, waved his right, and then grabbed Sarah's.

"H-Hey, wait! There's a—"

Sarah tried to pull back, afraid to crash into the shelving behind her, but her eyes widened when she abruptly found herself in a luxurious master bedroom of the mansion.

Kaze's bedroom.

The room was simplistic in that it only had a bed, a desk with documents, a computer, and clothing storage.

However, the white and gold comforter covering the red silk sheets on the grand poster bed showcased the only purpose of the bedroom.

"—shelf there. There was, right?"

"Y-Yeah, there was." Riley confirmed in confusion.

Everything happened in half a second, so they didn't see the warp gate in detail. The world abruptly warped, and they got pulled into another location.

"What? You've never seen teleported before?" Kaze mused cheekily.

"No, way…." Sarah whispered.

"This isn't really teleportation magic… is it?" Riley asked in disbelief.

"Teleportation magic? Of course not." Kaze laugh-scoffed breathlessly, "It's a teleportation cultivation technique."

Both breathed a sigh of relief, but then their eyes shot open. They realized his answer was a pompous argument in semantics!

"It's a spatial cultivation technique." He chuckled, seeing their gobsmacked expressions, "It's not teleportation; it's a lot more complicated than that."

Their eyes were as wide as saucers.

"Now, about that embarrassing question." Kaze said with a charming smile, "Would you like to have sex together?"

Riley and Sarah blushed at his blatant ask for consent. They looked at each other, seeking validation and also considering the situation.

"Isn't that the implication?" Sarah asked.

"Oh, yes. I should clarify; I'm talking about consentual [group] sex." He declared boldly, "I asked you two, since you're on the bisexual spectrum and might enjoy it more than the rest."

They both blushed furiously, mortified for the omission.

"W-Wait, are you implying we want to have sex with each other and should treat the sex with each other equally?" Sarah stuttered.

"Of course, is there something wrong with that?" Kaze smiled, "It's not a fetish of mine; If you want to be pleased individually, I'll oblige you, or you can leave if you're uncomfortable.

I'm just giving you an opportunity, nothing more, nothing less."

"Why are… you so certain we're bisexual?" Riley gulped awkwardly.

"You have Yin and Yang Qi. The two are facilitated by hormones that are coincidentally triggered by feelings of sexual attraction." He explained with a strange smile.

"As I said, you're on the bisexual spectrum. It's certainly not definitive, more like… a curiosity."

Both of them blushed furiously, avoiding looking at one another awkwardly.

"I just think that women are beautiful." Sarah said nervously, "Isn't that normal? It doesn't mean that I want to have sex with them."

"Same. I'm okay with a threesome." Riley added, "But it's not like I'm excited to have sex with another woman…."

"You two are too much." Kaze chuckled, "You have an excuse to satiate your curiosities, masked behind the debaucherous Emperor's lust for a ménage à trois."

Riley and Sarah looked at his strange smile and then at each other. Both had a perfect excuse to try it out without social pressure, so they looked to each other for consent.

"I'm… okay with it… if you are." Riley blushed, "Not because I'm interested or want to have sex with you. So can we just not talk about… our part?"

"I agree." Sarah said hesitantly, "It's not like we came here to have sex with each other, so it won't be hard to avoid the subject. I won't tell anyone the details."

Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

"I can do that. Kaze, can you keep this just between us?" The brunette asked.

"I never disclose details of sexual interactions." Kaze smiled, "But it's best not to make agreements you can't keep."

Riley's eyes narrowed. "You seem pretty confident we'll be raving about sex with each other."

"Hah. That's pretty arrogant, don't you think?" Sarah chuckled in disbelief, "Telling someone what they'll feel about having sex with another person is a bit brash."

"It's not arrogant to recommend you not repress your desires after you've liberated them." Kaze laugh-scoffed, rolling his eyes.

It was absurd to set conditions for something they consented to, and it would defeat the purpose of bringing them together.

"But since your tragic cultural situation requires a concrete benefit to express your curiosities, so I'll make you a bet.

If you don't express your thoughts about the experience, I'll give you both a two-day headstart on a cultivation technique you'll learn this week."

Their eyes widened in excitement.

"And if we do?" Riley asked nervously.

"Nothing." He laughed, "I would never punish someone for expressing their desires, nor would I ever take advantage of a friendly woman with an unwinnable bet. It would defeat the purpose."

The emperor's arrogant declaration stifled Sarah's excitement. "Unwinnable? You've proclaimed we'll enjoy having sex with one another, then incentivized us to do the opposite, and now you're doubling down? This is ridiculous."

"Why do you look so displeased?" Kaze asked mockingly, "You're being offered a reward to do something you already agreed to do.

I'm giving you an out if you change your mind.

My arrogant actions are to your benefit both ways, so I'm not sure why you're so ruffled."

"Now he's calling himself a benevolent benefactor for his bold declarations." Sarah chuckled in exasperation, "I'll accept your bet, Emperor."

"I agree as well." Riley nodded, "But know that I'll actively try to cheat."

"I enjoy that honesty." Kaze smiled, "But it doesn't make a difference. Shall we begin?"

Kaze walked up to the women slowly with fluid motions that felt magnetic.

Their earlier hesitance in starting because of the bet disappeared, and they remembered their desire to have sex with him.

He embraced Sarah first, kissing the blond lightly while caressing her neck.

The action sent a shiver running down both of their spines.

The emperor skillfully untied the green and white floral bikini and let it drop to the floor without using dual cultivation techniques.

It exposed her double d's that were disproportionate to her slender body but were still perky and firm.

Then he turned to Riley and did the same with her sleek black bikini. She had proportionate lower c-cup breasts, which filled her with feelings of inferiority.

However, Kaze smiled and looked at them with the same desire and appreciation as he did with Sarah, building her confidence.

Both got the same attention, and he didn't indicate he was more attracted to one than the other.

As a result, neither were hesitant or jealous as he led them to the bed by their hands.

While the two were hesitant to get close, unwilling to accept the loss of his prize, Kaze didn't try pushing them to do anything.

Instead, he smiled as they crawled on the bed and came to him for a kiss.

"I planned to give you both a bisexual dual cultivation technique for our escapade." He explained with a mysterious smile.

"But I don't know if it goes against this strange, pointless bet. Would you still like it?"

Their eyes widened in surprise.

"Does it incentivize us to have sex with women?" Riley asked nervously.

"Yeah… you make it sound sketchy." Sarah gulped.

"Do you think I'd defile my reputation by turning the women that have sex with me into lesbians?" Kaze scoff-laughed in disdain, "That statement is as delusional as it is offensive."

Sarah blushed furiously, and Riley giggled. It was an absurd concept.

"However, dual cultivation rewards people for having sex." He continued.

"Same-sex relations will yield lesser rewards for you both, but the nature of dual cultivation doesn't change."

"Okay, I'm willing." Sarah sighed. Riley nodded, and he touched them both on the forehead.

A profound bisexual dual cultivation technique crashed into their minds, unlocking a vast understanding of the benefits and potential enjoyability.

Once Sarah digested the knowledge, she looked at Kaze with a wry smile.

"This is cheating." She chuckled bitterly.

"Hoh? You've obtained power and increased enjoyability, yet you're worried about a meaningless bet that gives you something you'll get anyway?" Kaze mused.

"You only gave me insights into the benefit of female on female dual cultivation." Sarah said wryly, "This is a profound reason to have sex with women."

"It's a bisexual technique." Kaze smiled mockingly, "Do you need insights to feel pleasure from men? Close your eyes and cultivate the technique; I'll prove it."

Kaze smiled and ran his finger up a Qi channel and Sarah's and Riley's sides.

"AaaahhhhhhhHHH~!" Sarah moaned aggressively. There was insane pleasure pulsing through her body, sending electricity crashing through her veins.

"K-KaaaaaahhhhhHHHHHAZEE~!" Riley screamed in ecstasy, shaking the soundwaves.

Her body throbbed with intense desire on a level she didn't think possible.

Kaze sat on his feet with an evil grin. "Now, who's [first]?"

Sarah looked at him with a wry smile. While she didn't know the meaning, his grin told her that, so far as the bet was concerned, she was fucked.