The two women on the bed looked at Kaze pleadingly after he made them cry out in overwhelming pleasure and then got asked who wanted to go first.

Only one person could go first, and after the pleasure they had just experienced, the other person would wait around with sexual frustration far worse than torture.

"Please choose me!" Sarah cried, trying to avoid the fate she expected for painting him a villain.

"I'd like to go first as well…." Riley whispered hesitantly.

Kaze laughed breathlessly, looking at their pleading faces, acting like abandoned puppies.

There was so much sexual tension in the last few hours that releasing some had an extreme effect, like opening up a shaken soda bottle.

They felt like they would explode if he didn't continue.

"If only there were a way for bisexual people to explore their curiosities, enjoy intense pleasure, and avoid the torment and jealousy of waiting simultaneously." He mused.

They both gave him wry smiles and then looked at each other with embarrassed expressions, seeking consent and forgiveness for their hypocrisy.

"Riley… I'm okay with…." Sarah cracked under Kaze's silent, mocking gaze.

"No… I'd… enjoy having sex with you right now… in general not because of sexual frustration. You should know that."

Riley's eyes widened, and her heart thumped in surprise. "I was curious and excited before the technique and only felt awkward. I'd… enjoy it too."

Kaze smiled in satisfaction, "Now that you're both comfortable do either of you want to enjoy the profound pleasure and excitement of being pleased by a woman first?

I cannot provide the first-time passion and thrill of sex. Such an event is sacred."

"You can have Kaze first… if you want…." Riley blushed, putting her hand in front of her mouth, "If you're not comfortable with that, I can please you first, so you don't feel awkward."

Sarah looked at Kaze with a neutral expression but a murderous glint in her eyes.

She was furious that he was forcing her to bravely admit her hypocrisy and wrongdoing [again] instead of randomly choosing!

While Kaze said the bet was unwinnable, it was very winnable! His actions made it impossible to do rationally, and he knew he'd lead them to checkmate instantly—his last question proved it!

Yet she understood she was in the wrong, and the outcome was solely for her benefit, so she put on a bright smile and accepted it. "No, I'll do my best to please you first."

Riley blushed in excitement, and she nodded. Now they were both awkward because they didn't know where to start.

"Okay, Mr. Liberator, where do we staaaaaaaahhhhHHH~!" Sarah moaned in pleasure as Kaze casually used his technique to glide up multiple pleasure channels on her breasts.

The blonde immediately hit the bed, gasping aggressively like a shot war victim.

The brunette fell seconds later when a profound wave of pleasure assaulted her body, making her moan uncontrollably.

Everything happened in a two-second window, making them shiver and roll on the bed to recover.

"Come now; surely you don't expect a tutorial and therapy session to validate your profound revelations, yes?" Kaze grinned.

"First-time experiences are exciting because they're awkward. So begin the technique and let your pleasure and cultivation guide you."

He gently grabbed Sarah's hand and sent a wave of Yang Qi into it, augmenting hers. It made her finger glow slightly, reminding her to use the technique.

When her entire hand glowed light blue, he led it to Riley's breast. The brunette watched as Sarah's hand touched down on her breast with a beating heart.

"Ahhhhh~!" Riley moaned in sexual release, officially breaking out of their awkward conversation.

Sarah's heart thumped when she grabbed her breast and got an immediate reaction. It was thrilling and turned her on.

She fondled the brunette's breast for a moment while Kaze removed his swimming trunks to give them time.

"Can… I… use my mouth?" Sarah cringed. She felt extremely awkward asking to do something she was used to on the other end. However, it felt awkward and exciting.

"Please… please do." Riley pleaded desperately.

The blonde released her hand and pushed herself from the mattress, crawling toward her.

Sarah was excited that she had forgotten about Kaze as she opened her mouth and touched down on the brunette's breasts.

"Mmnn~" Riley moaned lightly. There was no cultivation behind the action, so the sensation wasn't overwhelming. However, it felt naturally good and exciting.

They both realized who [went first] was irrelevant, and Kaze only helped break the awkwardness by making them confess their excitement.

Now that her tongue was rolling over Riley's light pink nipple, Sarah was thankful for his arrogant actions, listening to the brunette moan in pleasure. It felt like she was losing her virginity again.

Kaze smiled in satisfaction and slowly moved to get behind her to mount her.

He took one moment to admire her disproportionate yet firm bubble butt and double d's.

Every woman with a divine physique or higher ended up perfectly proportionate. That meant that breasts c-cups above five feet tall and b's or lower c's if they were shorter.

After living in a palace with a royal harem of physically perfect, symmetrical, and proportionate women, he found sleeping with women with beautiful yet disproportionate bodies charming.

"Don't forget to cultivate, you two." Kaze smiled, "It's far more pleasurable that way, anyway. Once you're breathing Qi, resume."

Sarah's eyes snapped open, and so did Riley's. They had forgotten!

They immediately closed their eyes and began cultivating, giving their body a light pink, ambient glow. A moment later—

"Ahhh~!" Riley cried in pleasure, caught off guard by the sudden shift in the sensation's intensity. Sarah still wasn't using a technique, so she didn't expect such a profound reaction.

The same was true of the blonde, who was shocked that the feeling of the nipple against her tongue gave her physical pleasure.

Kaze slowly wrapped his hands around Sarah's waist, beating the blonde's heart violently as excitement and pleasure surged through her body.

Between the awkward excitement of exploring Riley's body and the prospect of sex with Kaze, the handsome, charming playboy, her mind underwent a pincer attack.

Her breathing became ragged, and she wanted liberation from her sexual torment.

"Let me know when you're ready." Kaze smiled, "I don't want to overwhelm you abruptly."

"Now. Right now." Sarah pleaded breathlessly, "You're arrogant, but you've earned it, you're perfect physically, and your talent is surreal.

I resign from the bet, and I was wrong to question you. I've repented for my sins and admitted defeat on every front.

So please, for the love of fucking god, take me right now!"

Kaze laughed in bewilderment, but he wasn't one to deny a woman sexual pleasure.

He skillfully loosened the knot on her green bikini bottom, which was now wet, and pulled the string, letting it drop to the bed.

It revealed her carefully shaven pussy, wet and crying for release.Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

He lifted his shaft and pressed his head against her lips, pushing forward to touch her oversensitive clit.

"AhhhhhhhhhhhhhhHHHH~!" Sarah screamed in pleasure, "What is this witchcraft!? You're not even cultivating!"

Kaze's technique sent pulsing energy through her Qi channels, a unique yet profound feeling that she didn't feel.

So she knew the pleasure was from her sexual tension build-up, which thrilled and terrified her.

What would happen when he cultivated if she was so sensitive when Kaze used his normal body? It would be a sexual massacre!

"Oh love, you think you've 'resigned,' but that's because never experienced sexual pleasure before." Kaze grinned, "So prepare yourself and make sure to ease up on Riley since I'll be pleasing both of you."

Riley's eyes snapped open. "W-What did you just say?"

"Please, you, her, both." He smiled while moving his tip to the center of Sarah's lips, "Instead of asking again, let's experience it, yes? So go back to breathing; you'll need that to stay sane."

"W-Wait what—AhhhhhhhHHHHHH~!" Riley moaned, arching her back, causing Sarah's mouth to release.

When Kaze inserted his rod using Spiritual Connection, it pulsed Yang Qi through the blonde's body. Since she had Yang Qi, it magnified and was channeled through her tongue in a chain reaction.

Sarah didn't immediately scream in pleasure because her entire soul was disconnected from her body. It was only once her mind reconnected, and she could feel the soul link that—

"K-KaaaaaahhhhhHhHhHhHhHAZEE~!"

—she cried his name in an unworldly sound that people on the lower floors could hear.

The three were on the fourth floor, which housed Kaze and Evalyn's rooms and was off limits.

However, the sober partiers on the third floor could hear her scream in pleasure over the sound of the wild music pulsing through the faction.

The action immediately led to a violent chain reaction of chaos and pandamonium amongst the faction members.

A mob of three hundred people pushed to get into the third floor's main hallway or the ballroom housing the sober events.

The poor volunteers working at the [Round Two Preparation Stations] on the first and second floors were trampled as people sought to sober up to hear Kaze having sex.

"P-Please, hold up! We're cycling through cultivation sessions, but there's too little Qi here with this many people!" A faction member screamed to the mob, "We're cultivating outside!"

"Can't you let us through?" A woman over the music, "No one's playing games or hanging out! They're just going up to listen!"

"Wait, what's going on!?" A male yelled amid the riot.

"Kaze is having sex, and everyone can hear the moaning over the music!" She yelled, "Apparently, it's unworldly!"

"NO WAY!" The man yelled, "Why are we here?"

"Because it's a sober zone!" Another scoffed, "And the detox workers won't yield for five minutes."

"Where's the scroll! I'll learn it!" A woman screamed.

Everything devolved into chaos resources depleted instantly, and things were just starting.

—

[A/N: You think you've resigned. ;)]