—One Minute Prior to the Sex Pausing: Kaze's Bedroom—

"AhahahHHhhHHHhHHhHHhHHhhhHHH! MiiiiIIIIILEY!" Riley screamed, holding the back of Sarah's head as the woman licked her clit.

Kaze abruptly pulled out of the blonde, whose entire body was twitching.

"W-Why did you… why stop?" She asked weakly, "Please don't stop."

Sarah turned to him with pleading eyes that expressed pure devastation. She was like a dope-fiend who feared never getting a high again.

The same was true of Riley, who stopped moaning because the blonde lifted her mouth from between her legs to speak.

"I had to." Kaze said with a mysterious smile, "If I didn't, you wouldn't get to enjoy your first female-provided orgasm. Don't you want to enjoy what she experienced?"

Sarah arched her back upward to see the stupid smile on the brunette's face after she had a soul-shattering orgasm.

Riley was sad to stop, but that's because her orgasm shredded her frontal cortex, leaving only her central amygdala to pump out gallons of dopamine into an irrational brain.

The blonde gulped nervously and looked down at Riley's crotch, which was now a warzone pleasurescape.

Seeing saliva on the brunette's abdomen was embarrassing, but it reminded her how much she enjoyed it.

"Um, Riley. Will you…." Sarah began nervously.

"Eat your pussy?" Riley asked bluntly, letting her chest rise and fall.

The blonde looked at the softspoken woman in surprise. "Um, yeah. Is that okay?"

"Is that okay?" The brunette chuckled bitterly, "Sarah, I'd do anything you want right now. I'd wear one of those jester suits, publicly declare myself a lesbian, and let you spank me if you asked. So eating you out feels anti-climatic."

Sarah's face blushed after hearing that the brunette would announce she was a lesbian. It was genuinely concerning! "Riley, are… you actually a les—"

"You're too much." Kaze interjected mockingly, "If I asked you to proclaim yourself a lesbian in a jester suit after promising to spank you, would you?"

"Well, yeah. Of course, but—" Sarah stopped talking when she realized how foolish she was.

"Riley's saying that you pleased her." He smiled, "You should be proud and let her reciprocate the favor."

The blonde looked at the brunette's mocking smile and gentle eyes.

"Come on, hurry up. 'Give it' to me." Riley laughed mockingly, pushing herself up to crawl out of the way.

Sarah swallowed nervously; it was her turn to feel nervous. However, she was still partially brain-dead, so she nodded and laid down.

The brunette crawled over with her lower c-cup breasts swaying gently.

When Sarah saw her, she thought she understood the meaning of horror-image sex.

Riley's straight hair was knotted and plastered in every direction imaginable.

​ Her body glistened with sweat, her breathing was ragged, and her red skin showcased her sickly internal body temperature.

She looked like a wretched beggar selling her body for food.

The blonde was concerned, but that's because she couldn't comprehend how horrifying she looked ten minutes ago!

Sarah closed her eyes and swallowed nervously, watching Riley's mouth move closer to her legs.

Kaze gave them a strange smile. Naturally, he wasn't unaware of the raging listening party downstairs.

On the contrary, he was about to stoke the flames higher. He wanted to make his skills known to everyone in the faction.

It would inspire dual cultivation in the faction and ensure that those who slept with him didn't face social isolation or ridicule.

In essence, it was both politically focused and shameless advertising.

"Breathe, you two." Kaze smiled, "And Riley…."

The brunette turned her head to meet the emperor's gaze. "Yes?"

"No matter how intense things get, you must never neglect your partner's pleasure." He said with a mysterious smile, "She didn't, so you mustn't either."

Riley gave him a wry smile. "I wouldn't do that; I'd find it unfair and deplorable."

"It was but a friendly reminder." Kaze replied with a strange smile, "Now let's begin, shall we?"

—Present Time: Third Floor; Sober Squad Headquarters—

"Okay, hear me out. You know how the second woman screamed the other's name instead of the Emperors? Well, I was thinking… what would happen if she took that D?"

"I'm curious now too…."

"I'm sure you are."

"Either way, you know it's going to happen. It's not a matter of if; it's a matter of when."

"You sound really confident."

"Of course I am. No one gets this good at sex if they don't actively seek to please people. I doubt he'd get here if he didn't please both."

"Then why hasn't he?"

"It's been a minute. Do you think that someone could pick up this quickly afterward?"Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

"Yeah, you're right. We'll be here for at least ten—"

"AhahahHHhhHHHhHHhHHhHHhhhHHH~!"

"KaaaaaaaaaahhhhhHhHhHhHhHAZEEE~!"

Two unworldly screams exploded from the fourth-floor bedroom simultaneously, shattering the airwaves. They were instantaneous and simultaneous, leaving everyone bewildered.

"H-He-He-HE FUCKING DID IT! MY MAN!" A man yelled.

The area exploded in cheers and applause, causing a massive uproar.

Those on the bottom floors began pushing against the detox centers to move up the floors.

"DON'T GO UP THERE!"

"Shut up, lady! Everyone's doing it! You treat it like he will punish us all just for going to a listening party!"

"We're just following orders!"

"What orders? Did he personally give you these orders?"

Everyone started getting aggressive as they pushed against the people blocking the stairs.

—Present Time: Kaze's Bedroom—

"It's always the quiet ones who are the loudest in bed." Kaze chuckled, listening to Riley scream at the top of her lungs.

He needed to constantly slow down to give her a chance to reconnect to Sarah, who was also twitching.

The blonde had forgotten how sensitive she was, and was thrilled by the experience, so she didn't mind.

During a brief pause, Kaze closed his eyes and used a technique to scan the mansion. When he did, he frowned. "They're already breaking the rules over something so frivolous."

He pushed his technique farther to sense Qi.

"Heh. It seems misfortune has smiled upon the fools." The emperor grinned, "I suppose there won't be a better time to make an example of them."

"W-What?" Riley asked in confusion.

"I was saying I should teach you the meaning of a true orgasm." Kaze replied in a charming tone, "So prepare yourself."

Sarah was planning to ask a question, but before she could speak, his body glowed gold and—

"K-KAAAAAAAAAAAAZE!" Riley screamed, using Sarah's clit as a microphone.

Her trembling lips were enough to transfer the Yang Qi through the blonde's body, and her oversensitivity to the event made her scream in pleasure.

The rioting downstairs intensified as expected, and Kaze didn't let up, creating the full spiritual connection between the two and filling through soul bodies with Yang Qi and extracting it from them.

—Present Time: Second Floor—

When the people on the first and second floors heard the two women moaning for themselves, light as it was, there was a stampede.

Everyone guarding the third-floor steps was immediately bum rushed, and their ranks broke instantly.

Faction members pushed up the stairs but soon found that it was fruitless.

The pushing people at the top met the already massive line of people and only got halfway up, reminding them of the obvious.

Realizing the situation, they understood that they broke the rules and got no farther than they were! As a result, they tried to walk back down the stairs, but a wall of people blocked it.

Therefore, the panicked people began yelling in both directions, trying to get into the corner of the third floor.

That stoked the flames further, leading to yelling coming from the top and bottom of the stairs, leading to a fully volatile situation on the first and second floors.

Those on the second floor became more aggressive until the people on the first floor abruptly fell silent in a wave, and a cool breeze swept over them.

Icy chills crawled down everyone's spines when they felt it and experienced the volume shift.