—15 Seconds Ago: First Floor—

Hundreds of faction members fought to get out of the way of pushing people. Everyone was interested in the fiasco exploding upstairs but didn't want to intervene.

Those that helped the detox stations got overrun instantly.

No one could speak over the confusion and chaos.

However, everyone stopped what they were doing when they felt an ominous gust of wind enter the mansion.

They turned around and looked out the front door to the lawn. The area was now almost empty because of the rush to get inside.

As a result, they could see clearly and didn't like what they saw.

An ominous fog rapidly spread around the area, leading to a graveyard feel. It got more aggressive by the second, and countless people watched the scene in horror, calming down.

"W-What the fuck is going on? It's summer!" A man stuttered.

The yell incited more panic, and the push to get up the stairs or move to the lower floor intensified alongside the yelling.

Unfortunately, no one could move. Those on the staircase had oppressive fear cycling through their veins. They could only wait and pray that the threat wasn't a manager.

The area eventually fell dead silent again as people watched with beating hearts and shivered from the cold.

Those on the upper floors calmed down, confused why it was suddenly colder, and people stopped yelling downstairs.

No one could hear footsteps over the loud music and yelling upstairs, so they could only watch the strange fog pass through the area slowly, taking far longer than necessary.

After a full minute of watching nervously, a blonde walked through the door, surrounded by a torrent of frost.

Her footsteps were slow, and her crystal blue eyes were colder than ice.

"Stop the music." Evalyn said chillingly, gazing around the area and taking note of the beaten detoxification stations.

The person closest to the staircase yelled that the music needed to be cut and that they should pass the message on.

Faction members yelled to each other for a full minute before the music on multiple floors stopped.

Once the mansion was silent, watching the icy blonde in horror, she panned their gazes.

"Can someone on the staircase explain what's happening here?" Evalyn asked coldly.

Everyone on the staircase felt icy chills crawling down their spines. They looked at each other, afraid to speak.

If they did, they'd have to admit they attempted to break the rules to listen to Kaze have sex.

"T-There was something big going on upstairs that everyone was talking about." A woman on the staircase gulped, "So everyone was trying to get up the stairs."

Evalyn's lips curved upward. "Something big? Can you elaborate what the big event is?"

The female faction member gulped in shame. "I-I'm not sure."

"Hoh? Surely you've heard what it is, yes?" The blonde mused, "It's the talk of the town."

Dead silence followed. Everyone stopped talking, including the woman she was talking to.

"Apparently the faction leader is holding a big demonstration we wanted to take part in." A man argued nervously.

"And you don't know what the demonstration is?" Evalyn smiled.

"Not… exactly. No one on this floor has been able to verify it." The man argued bravely.

"...kaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaze!"

Riley screamed Kaze's name at the final climax at the top of her lungs if by fate.

The situation didn't reply on serendipity, however. Now that the music and shouting had stopped, the final climaxes were piercing and unmistakable.

"Hoh? It has nothing to do with the profound orgasm everyone can now hear upstairs?" The blonde mused mockingly, pointing to the ceiling with her index.

Everyone shook with fear when she pointed out the obvious.

"W-We couldn't hear it because of the music, pushing, and yelling." The first woman argued.

"Is that so?" Evalyn smiled, "There's enough room on the second and third floor to handle this many people.

Can anyone tell me why getting up the stairs is so difficult?"

The faction members froze when she asked that question.

She panned their faces with the same smile.

"Come now. I'm certain at least one person knows." Evalyn asserted, "It can be from one of the battered members in the corner that were minding their own business responsibly."

A brave man in that category spoke. "There were rules stating intoxicated people couldn't go to the third floor. So everyone used the detoxification services and then rushed to go up."

"Is that so? Then can someone tell me why intoxicated people are trying to get to the third floor to hear a private action no one has business listening to?" Evalyn smiled.

Those on the stairs shook in fear.

While those on the second floor didn't know what happened, the rule breakers felt icy chills running down their spines.

"I'm not sure if anyone's doing that. W-We were only going to the second floor." A man gulped, "We haven't broken any rules."

"That's a great point, so please allow me to amend my question." Evalyn chuckled, "Can anyone explain why these detox stations are broken apart and there are faction members [suffering] from Qi deprivation outside?"

Everyone stopped breathing when they heard the word [suffering].

"Hmmm? You don't think there's [consequences] for using a technique too many times?" She asked, "Has no one every exhausted their Qi before?"

The room remained silent.

Those she called out shuttered with shock.Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"T-There are hundreds of us." A man on the stairs stuttered, "Most of us haven't interacted with any of them. W-We're ignorant and not trying to break the rules."

"That's an astute observation." Evalyn smiled, "Then can you tell me why [you] clearly stated:

[Come one, everyone's doing it, and the detox members are gone. They can't punish hundreds of people, so don't be a pussy; we need to hear this!]?"

At that moment, the man realized why Evalyn had waited outside for an unknown period. She was listening to everyone, preparing a power play.

"T-That wasn't—"

"You? Is it common for other people to have a voice almost identical to another?" The blonde mused with a malicious smile, "I didn't know that was common."

"Look, lady. We weren't all breaking the rules." A woman snapped in frustration.

"I know you are close to Kaze, but you can't just throw around your weight just because of that.

It's not fair that you'd abuse your relationship to accuse us of crimes."

Everyone connected the gossip they heard to the situation—it was the [Honor Girl] from the viral videos!

Whispers spread through the faction like wildfire after her statement, breaking through the fear.

The blonde listened to the gossip, confirming how they knew her.

"Is that so? Does anyone know the name of the woman in the [Honor Girl] videos?" Evalyn mused.

Everyone whispered until one man's eyes widened in shock, and he looked at her with even greater fear.

She turned to him with a venom-laced smile. "It seems you have the answer. Care to share?"

The man swallowed nervously. "I'm not certain, so forgive me, but… Is it… Evalyn… Skye?"

Gasps rippled through the area, moving up the stairs to the top. From there, the gossip spread further, communicating fear through shared synesthesia.

Everyone listened carefully, awaiting confirmation or denial.

Evalyn's lips curved up higher into a horrifying yet bewitching smile. "That's correct. Tell me, everyone—does my name, the faction's name, and my relationship to Kaze Lexicon sound coincidental?"

Those on the stairs smiled bitterly, averting their gaze with devastated expressions.

"I suppose it's pointless to ask the obvious." She chuckled murderously.

"S-Sorry, Ms. Skye." A woman said with trembling eyes.

"Don't apologize to me." Evalyn said coldly, "You should all be saying sorry to the people who could die if Kaze doesn't get his ass down here.

Yet I can't get up those stairs, yes?"

Everyone froze at her words, and anxiety pierced their hearts.

"Of course not. So this is what you'll do." Evalyn grinned, "You're going to yell these words up the stairs [the detox station workers are dying outside; we need an intoxicated person to spread the message until it reaches Kaze Lexicon].

That exact message without changing the verbiage—anyone that does will receive severe consequences.

If no one steps up, people will die. Mass expulsions will occur; to both the guilty and non-guilty."

"An icy chill crawled down everyone's spine when they heard her ask. They immediately understood how horrifying her ask was.

Everyone who broke the rules had to admit their guilt or let the people die.

Evalyn smiled. "Now."

The man who broke the rules relayed the message. "Detox workers are dying right now; we need someone drunk to—"

"[The detox station workers are dying outside; we need an intoxicated person to spread the message until it reaches Kaze Lexicon]." Evalyn corrected coldly.

"That's what you're saying, verbatim. If you can't say it, I suppose you'll need someone to help remind you, yes?"

"M-Ms. Skye that will take a long time." A woman said nervously.

"If you don't do that, how can you expect this statement to move up the stairs intact by the third floor?" The blonde asked coldly.

"That telephone game and posturing will distort the message until it doesn't reach Kaze intact."

"T-This is very serious, right?" A man gulped, "So can't you stop the punishment games and walk up the stairs to do it yourself? You can punish us later."

Evalyn gave him a murderously sarcastic smile. "Okay, get out of the way."

The man immediately tried to move, but no one could. Everyone was packed on the staircase, which took a lot of time.

"You can stop trying. I don't have time to explain my identity to everyone and play this game." She asserted coldly.

"Since this is your fault, I suggest you summon all of your resources to make it happen."