Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

11  Ten Times Time Flow

The greenery came from the vegetable field beside the pond.

Xia Ruofei was pleasantly surprised to find that in just two hours, all the vegetable seeds had sprouted. Some of them had even grown to the length of a finger. The tender green leaves were filled with vitality.

The magic within the Spiritual Map Space shocked Xia Ruoxi once again. In just two hours, the plants had sprouted and even grew so much. This completely overturned the science of plant growth!

After thinking for a long time, Xia Ruofei suddenly had a flash of inspiration. He thought of a possibility and his face was filled with excitement.

To verify his conjecture, Xia Ruofei left the Spiritual Map Space in a flash. He picked up a small alarm clock by his bed and immediately returned to the space.

He glanced at the time displayed on the small alarm clock. It was 6:23 p.m.

He took note of this time in his heart. Then, Xia Ruofei placed the small alarm clock gently on the ground and left the Spiritual Map Space quickly.

Once he returned to the outside world, Xia Ruofei immediately took out his counterfeit phone, switched to the stopwatch, and started the timer. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

Then, Xia Ruofei sat by the bed with a hint of anticipation and nervousness as he waited. He looked at the numbers on the stopwatch that kept jumping until 120 seconds had passed. That was two minutes later. With a thought, he returned to the Spiritual Map Space.

Xia Ruofei could not wait to pick up the small alarm clock. He looked at the time on it and was instantly overjoyed.

It was already 6:43 p.m.!

In reality, only two minutes had passed outside, but the small alarm clock had gone on for 20 minutes.

In other words, the flow of time in this Spiritual Map Space was 10 times slower than the outside world!

When one day had passed in the outside world, ten days had already passed in the Spiritual Map Space.

Therefore, although the vegetable seeds had only been planted for about two hours, they had spent almost an entire day in the space. In addition to the effects of the soil and the pond water in the space, and perhaps the mysterious effects of the space itself, the growth of the plants here far exceeded that of the outside world, so there was a reasonable explanation.

Now that his conjecture was verified, Xia Ruofei's mind started to work.

With ten times the flow of time, there were too many possibilities for him to work with.

For example, crops that needed two months to grow under normal conditions in the outside world could fully mature in less than a week under the combined effects of the time acceleration, pond water, and soil.

Especially when it came to Xia Ruofei's next step of succulent plant cultivation, the effects were even more obvious.

This was because succulent plants were known for growing slowly!

Of course, there were other uses as well. For example, Xia Ruofei could enter the Spiritual Map Space to rest. If he had eight hours of sleep, less than one hour would have passed in the outside world. That way, he would have more time to do other things.

Xia Ruofei thought happily for a while. After he calmed down a little, he walked to the pond and drank a few mouthfuls of water. He felt instantly refreshed.

He admired the strange blue, yellow, and red flowers growing from the unknown plant by the pond. This flower seemed to have a special charm. Every time Xia Ruofei entered the space, his gaze would involuntarily be attracted.

He was also used to admiring this flower every time he came in.

After appreciating the flowers, Xia Ruofei left the Spiritual Map Space. He carefully hid the Spiritual Map close to his body. This was his most important treasure. Whether he could earn enough money for Hu Zi's mother to get a kidney transplant, follow-up care, and recovery fees, it would all depend on the map.

The night passed.

The next morning, Xia Ruofei hid the Spiritual Map on himself, locked the door, and left the rental apartment. He walked to the Three Mountain Plaza, which was not far from the shantytown. Before he carried out his plan to get rich, he still had some preparation work to do.

The Three Mountain Plaza was a very large city complex. All the basic necessities of life could be found there.

Xia Ruofei first found a cell phone store and bought a smartphone that cost about a thousand yuan. Even though he earned over 200,000 yuan in one go, Xia Ruofei still maintained his habit of being thrifty. Furthermore, hehe still had a lot of cost to cover, and it was not the time to spend extravagantly.

After buying the phone, he also paid for a new number. At this time, the number was not tagged to a name yet, so Xia Ruofei easily bought a phone card. It was not cheap, but this number would only be used for a short period of time, so Xia Ruofei did not pay much attention to it.

Then, he went to a nearby bank to apply for a new card and transferred 100,000 yuan into his bank account. He also activated online transactions and other functions.

After settling the matters, Xia Ruofei wandered around the vicinity and memorized the locations of the delivery sites near the shantytown.

Just like that, the morning passed.

Xia Ruofei found a random place to have lunch. After he finished eating, he went home and started working on his computer.

He used his new cell phone number to apply for a Taobao account and Alipay account. At the same time, he tied Alipay's new bank account with the online transaction function.

Then, Xia Ruofei started searching for succulent plants sellers on Tmall.

He had been busy for half a day, all for one thing—buying a mature succulent plant.

Even though Liang Qichao gave Xia Ruofei many succulent plant seedlings before he left that day, they were all very ordinary. Obviously, they did not meet Xia Ruofei's high-end pursuit. He could not always depend on the Spiritual Map Space to mutate all the succulent plants and produce rare species!

Thus, the most reliable method was naturally to purchase the rare succulent plant seedlings and then use the Spiritual Map Space to allow the seedlings to mature in a relatively short period of time. Then, these rare mature plants would be used as mature plants to reproduce and sell.

Xia Ruofei was a cautious person, so he specially applied for a brand new account and bought a new phone line to prevent others from finding any clues.

After all, he was going to reproduce on a large scale in the near future and sell the rare succulent plant seedlings. If someone were to trace the information of his purchase of the succulent plant seedlings, they might discover something amiss and even expose the secret of the Spiritual Map.

Hence, Xia Ruofei would rather spend a lot of effort to get a new phone number and apply for a new account to do this.

The previous day at the Immortal Succulent Store, Xia Ruofei had also gotten a lot of information from Liang Qichao while chatting with him, including some reputable sellers on Taobao and Tmall.

Thus, he used his new account to search the shops of these merchants online and started his shopping spree.

"A supreme-grade Jade Fan, I can buy this!"

"There's actually a pale pink mutated Myriad Elephant? Of course I have to get it!"

"And I've just been waiting to get a Flower of Life!"

…