Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

?

Chapter 1035: Chapter 661 – success (1)

Translator: 549690339

Xia ruofei spent the next week in the pharmaceutical factory.

Every day, he had to take Xue Jinshan and the others to carry out at least three to five experimental productions. He spent most of his time in the control room, constantly analyzing the research data according to the effect of the sample and making fine adjustments.

Sometimes, when a set of data was only adjusted by two decimals, Xia ruofei would re – organize the experimental production. He was extremely detailed.

Of course, even so, Xia ruofei only spent four days to adjust the data parameters to a relatively satisfactory degree.

In the remaining three days, one day was used to verify the stability of the program. A total of more than a dozen sets of production tests were carried out. Each sample produced was at least above – average in quality. Even if there was a slight deviation, it would never fall to the level of a mid – Quality product.

Xia ruofei could finally breathe a sigh of relief when the trial production reached this stage. It was basically a success.

In the other two days, Xia ruofei’s task was very simple. He was doing a dilution research on the jaded skin ointment.

This might sound ridiculous, but it was a necessary research.

First of all, because the full version of the jaded skin cream was so heaven – defying that it had even reached a shocking level, it was fine to give some to relatives and friends in a small range, but it was better to keep a low profile when it was sold to the public worldwide.

Of course, the more important reason was that this mass – produced version of jaded skin cream was essentially a commodity.

The ultimate attribute of a product was naturally to profit.

If he wanted to make a profit, he had to ensure that the effect was far better than similar products. He had to try his best to make the effect not too prominent. Only then could he have a long – term plan.

Of course, at the same time, they also had to ensure the diversity of the products and distinguish them into different grades and types.

Therefore, it was quite necessary to dilute the jaded skin ointment and develop a variety of products.

In this aspect, Xia ruofei mainly relied on Xia Qing.

After all, Xia Qing’s understanding of the jaded skin cream was far better than Xia ruofei ‘S. So when the mass production test had just begun, Xia ruofei had been very farsighted and made Xia Qing start to think about adding some ingredients that would not cause a conflict in the medicinal effects.

Xia Qing did not let Xia ruofei down.

In the past few days, Xia Qing had quickly come up with several plans.

These plans were all on the premise that the jaded skin cream had already been produced. Some other ingredients were mixed in, so that the jaded skin cream would be diluted without affecting the medicinal properties.

These redundant ingredients included honey, milk, egg white, mung bean powder, pearl powder, and so on.

At the same time, Xia Qing also added rose, Jasmine, lilac, and other ingredients according to Xia ruofei’s requirements, so that the jaded skin cream had a variety of colors and smells without affecting the efficacy.

After two days of continuous trial production, a conservative estimate was that six or seven different types of jaded skin cream could be developed. Each type could be divided into different grades according to the concentration of active ingredients to distinguish the consumer group and adopt different pricing strategies.

Of course, this was only Xia ruofei’s initial experiment. His purpose was to verify the feasibility.

Before the jaded skin cream was ready to be launched on the market, the marketing department would also participate in the analysis to finally finalize the product, confirm the waves of launch, pricing strategy, and so on.

The marketing department would also organize a special team to promote and package each series of jaded skin cream. Many cosmetics and skin care products on the market were actually like this. They had similar functions, but they were exaggerated to the extreme. There were all kinds of all – Natural and no – Add products, all kinds of plant essence ... In any case, they could come in any way they wanted, and consumers just happened to like this set.

The effect of the jaded skin cream was naturally very good. An appropriate advertising package was only an addition to the brocade, not a deception to the consumers.

Of course, the automatic production line produced the pure Jushi ointment. Some other additives were processed later. It was basically Semi – Automatic production, not entirely manual operation.

After a week, Xia ruofei had basically solved the problem of mass production of jaded skin ointment.

Just the medicinal materials for the experiment alone cost more than 100000 Yuan.

Of course, Xia ruofei didn’t feel bad about spending this money. Instead, he felt that it was worth it.

There was still a period of trial production. After the production line was stable, they had to set up a set of quality inspection indicators, apply for approval, and a series of other tasks. Of course, Xia ruofei did not have to do all these by himself.

Although the approval of skin care products was also under the jurisdiction of the drug Administration, it was much simpler than that of drugs, and there was no such complicated clinical trial process. After all, drugs were used to treat diseases, and they had to be eaten, so it was not too much to be cautious.

As for the confidentiality of the prescription, Xia ruofei had already considered it.

The types of medicinal herbs used in the jaded skin cream could not be completely kept a secret. After all, to carry out mass production, a large number of raw materials needed to be purchased. It was best to cooperate with the surrounding villagers and ask them to plant the medicinal herbs. The peach blossom company would be responsible for buying back the herbs. In this case, it was almost impossible to keep it completely confidential.

What Xia ruofei could do was to arrange for a few trustworthy veterans to be in charge of the purchase of raw materials with Xue Jinshan. In addition, when they cooperated in planting, try to find as many villagers as possible. It would be best if they did not come from the same area and let them plant different kinds of medicinal herbs.

logoNe/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m