Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

?

Chapter 1037: Chapter 661 – success (3)

Translator: 549690339

Almost overnight, the news about this auction, which might be the first auction in the history of Hong Kong, swept across the entire Hong Kong.

The publicity and promotion of this auction, from outdoor billboards to TV stations, from paper media to internet media, covered almost all age groups that were used to obtaining information through various means.

As the saying went,”it’s hard to buy a two – headed abalone with a thousand pieces of gold” was once widely spread in Hong Kong, and the Hong Kong people were very interested in high – Quality abalones. Therefore, it was no surprise that this auction immediately became the most popular topic of discussion among the Hong Kong people.

In fact, it was Feng Jing’s idea to carry out this carpet event.

In the beginning, Hengfeng auction house thought that such a high – end item like the one – Head abalone didn’t need to be promoted to the public. After all, most ordinary people couldn’t afford such an expensive abalone.

Therefore, the first idea of the publicity team at the auction house was to prepare a banquet and invite the upper class of Hong Kong to attend. Then, they would announce the news of the auction at the banquet.

As for the advertisements in the newspapers and on television, they would also be put out, but they would definitely not cover all areas like now.

However, Feng Jing was very clear about what paradise Corporation needed. Under her insistence, the Hengfeng auction house’s manager, Dong Jiajun, received instructions from MA Xiong to satisfy paradise corporation’s requirements as much as possible. Therefore, the publicity plan was finally changed to this.

Although the promotion was for the public, the upper class of Hong Kong was not isolated from the world. They quickly learned about the news through various channels.

The junkmen, super – rich people, government officials, and young masters and socialites were even more shocked. Some of the rich and famous people who were on the same level as MA Xiong called him one after another to verify.

MA Xiong patted his chest and guaranteed that their publicity was not fake. He even personally invited these celebrities to attend the auction.

Some people who were slightly lower in social status than MA Xiong also inquired about this matter through their own information channels.

One – headed abalone became the hottest topic in Hong Kong.

At the same time, the company that provided the top – grade one – headed abalones for the auction had also gone from a small company in Hong Kong to a well – known company overnight. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Of course, other than the socialites who could directly ask MA Xiong for confirmation or had other information channels, most ordinary citizens were actually skeptical. After all, two – headed abalones were very rare these days, let alone one – headed abalones that only existed in legends.

Many people thought that this domestic company was hyping up the news, and there were many voices of doubt on the internet.

However, all of this was within Feng Jing’s expectations. If there were doubts, there would be a topic to talk about and it would be able to maintain its popularity. So, she couldn’t wait for the doubts to be louder!

This was just like how some celebrities created scandals. Sometimes, negative news might not be a bad thing.

More than half of Hong Kong was in an uproar because of the news of the one – headed abalone auction. Feng Jing was finally ready to go to Hong Kong in person.

She had to personally oversee and coordinate the next step of publicity, as well as the layout and flow of the auction.

That morning, Feng Jing didn’t go to her office. Instead, she booked a direct flight to Hong Kong in the afternoon. Everything at the company had been arranged, so she slept in and was preparing to pack her luggage.

Just as Feng Jing was enjoying her rare moment of relaxation in bed, her phone by her pillow vibrated. Xia ruofei’s name flashed on the screen ...

logo