Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

?

Chapter 1052: The auction begins (2)

Translator: 549690339

Xia ruofei smiled and nodded.””President Feng, I’ll have to trouble you. I’ll be an audience member for today’s auction. I’ll be counting on you!”

“Yeah!” Feng Rao nodded. It’s all prepared, so there shouldn’t be any problems!”

After speaking, Feng Jing stood up and left the Presidential Suite.

At around 8:30, Ma Zhiming arrived at the Presidential Suite and invited Xia ruofei to the venue below.

Today, Huan Huan still had Summer School, so Tian Huixin brought her to class. MA Xiong and Ma Zhiming, the father and son, would also be attending the auction.

Xia ruofei and Ma Zhiming took the special elevator to the grand banquet hall on the third floor of the hotel.

Xia ruofei realized that the entire banquet hall had been redecorated. The Hengfeng auction house and paradise corporation’s logos could be seen everywhere. Other than the promotional posters around the venue, there were also number plates prepared for everyone. The logos of paradise Corporation and Hengfeng auction house were printed on the sticky notes, paper cups, and other small items used in the venue.

There was a huge spray – painted poster at the back of the stage. The content was the same as Banner’s on the auction house’s front page. The visual center was also a picture of the best one – headed abalone. Of course, the company’s LOGO was also printed in the striking spots on the poster.

On both sides of the stage, there were huge projection curtains, on which a carefully edited promotional film was being played simultaneously. This promotional film was also widely circulated on the internet recently.

There were two check – in areas at the entrance of the venue. One was for the media, and the other was for the guests.

Xia ruofei noticed that some reporters had already arrived at the venue. After they had signed in, they would receive a gift bag and a lottery ticket. After the guests signed in, they would also receive a lottery ticket.

Xia ruofei specially went to the media’s reception area to take a look. The gifts in the paper bag were quite thoughtful. There was a sun umbrella, a pair of sunglasses, a box of Tieguanyin tea leaves, a pen, and a small backpack.

All of these small gifts had the LOGO of paradise Corporation printed on them. Many reporters could put the gifts directly into their small backpacks after receiving them. As these reporters walked around the venue, the LOGO of paradise Corporation was printed on the backpacks they were carrying, so they were quite eye – catching.

Xia ruofei knew that this was most likely Feng Rao’s idea, so he could not help but smile.

The auction had not started yet, but these small details were enough to make Xia ruofei feel more at ease. Feng Rao and the Hengfeng auction house team had indeed put in a lot of effort.

Feng Jing was patrolling the venue. When she saw Xia ruofei and Ma Zhiming, she immediately walked over.

“Chairman, you’re here!” Feng Jing looked at the large thermal box in Xia ruofei’s hands and said,”leave it to me!”

Xia ruofei laughed and said,”how can you let a lady do such physical labor?” Just tell me where I should put it. ”

“Follow me then, Chairman!” Feng Jing said with a smile.

Feng Jing led Xia ruofei to the center stage. Xia ruofei then noticed that there were two vertical freezers on the stage. They were similar to the freezers in shops. The door was made of transparent glass, but the inside had been modified.

Feng Rao asked Xia ruofei to place the 21 abalones that were either one – headed or above the one – headed abalone standard in the freezer according to their weight, from top to bottom. The few abalones that were slightly lighter were placed in another freezer.

Then, Feng Rao pressed a switch on the side of the refrigerator. The spotlights that had been installed in the refrigerator in advance immediately lit up, and the light just so happened to shine on every single abalone. The quality of the abalones instantly increased by a lot.

The four big Men in Black suits were responsible for guarding the two freezers. The waists of the four men were bulging, obviously carrying weapons. It could be seen that Hengfeng also attached great importance to the safety of the auction items.

After all the abalones were placed, Ma Zhiming led Xia ruofei to the VIP area, while Feng Jing continued to direct the crowd.

There were still 40 to 50 minutes before the auction started, and MA Xiong arrived at the auction hall.

Everyone naturally exchanged pleasantries again.

The seats in the VIP area had their respective names pasted on them. Initially, MA Xiong wanted Xia ruofei to sit in the middle, next to him. However, Xia ruofei wanted to keep a low profile this time, so he declined politely.

Hence, his seat was arranged to be next to Ma Zhiming, in the middle of the third row. This way, Xia ruofei’s identity would be highlighted, but at the same time, it would not be too eye – catching.

Otherwise, a young man in his 20s who was on the same level as a billionaire like MA Xiong would definitely cause all kinds of speculations.

The media and reporters would not let go of such news. It would be unrealistic for Xia ruofei to keep a low profile.

As the time for the auction drew closer, reporters from all over the world began to enter the venue. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Xia ruofei noticed that there were quite a lot of reporters here today.

A few famous newspapers, magazines, websites, and TV stations in Hong Kong had all sent their reporters to the auction. Since MA Xiong had come to Hong Kong to greet them personally, there were very few media outlets that didn’t buy it. Furthermore, the auction itself was full of gimmicks.

Other than the local media in Hong Kong, Xia ruofei also found reporters from Singapore, Malaysia, and other countries that were mainly Chinese.

Most of the people in these countries were Chinese, and some of them even spoke Chinese as their official languages. Everyone’s living habits were similar to that of Chinese people, so the news of the auction of the top – Quality one – Head abalone also received a lot of attention in these countries.

In addition, there were many media from the mainland. Several media outlets from the southeast province, especially from Sanshan city, and several media outlets from the coastal provinces had also come to interview him.

Xia ruofei even saw a reporter from the National television station. Of course, he was a reporter from the National television station in Hong Kong. He did not come from the capital. More than half of his work was to run around various venues. It was naturally impossible for him to appear on a comprehensive channel or news channel for an auction like today.

But even so, Xia ruofei was very surprised.

If the news of the auction could be broadcast on the National television, even if it was on the agriculture channel, the audience would be completely incomparable to the provincial and municipal media.

The guests also arrived at the venue one after another.

MA Xiong started to get busy as well. He kept greeting the guests and introduced some of them to Xia ruofei.

Of course, most of the guests were not qualified to talk to MA Xiong directly. Some of them would chat with Ma Zhiming. After all, there were only a few rich people in Hong Kong who could be compared with MA Xiong.

Other than greeting the guests, Ma Zhiming would also introduce Xia ruofei to the people who were present.

Xia ruofei could not help but be surprised at the second son of Superman li, the daughter of gambling King he, the nephew of King Zheng ... In a short while, Xia ruofei heard many rich names that he had only seen on TV and newspapers before.

Although not all of the top tycoons were attending, most of them sent their nephews and nephews. A few business leaders even flew to Hong Kong from overseas to attend.

Within a short period of time, Xia ruofei had a very direct understanding of MA Xiong’s influence in Hong Kong. At the same time, he was more and more confident about the auction today.

Soon, it was 9:30, and the venue was almost full.

Melodious music started playing.

Dressed in a professional suit, Feng Jing walked onto the stage with a microphone in her hand. She had light makeup on and a confident smile on her face, which instantly attracted everyone’s attention.

Many of the media reporters immediately aimed their cameras at Feng Jing.

There were many cameras flashing and there were also many billionaires in the audience, but Feng Jing didn’t have any stage fright. She smiled and said enthusiastically,””Hello, everyone! I’m the CEO of paradise Corporation, Feng Rao. The top – grade one – headed abalone for this auction is exclusively provided by paradise Corporation. We welcome all our distinguished guests and media friends to attend this auction!”

logo