Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

?

Chapter 1065: Chapter 674 – hit it off (1)

Translator: 549690339

Tang He’s evaluation of the Paradise Corporation was beyond everyone’s expectations, including Feng Jing.

Everyone didn’t expect that the star of Chinese people, a super – rich man, would actually hold paradise Corporation, a small Chinese company that was still unknown in the world, in such high regard. If they hadn’t seen it with their own eyes, they really wouldn’t have believed it.

Feng Rao was also surprised and happy. She calmed herself down and said with a smile,”Thank you, Mr. Tang, for your high evaluation of our paradise Corporation!”

There was a certain delay in the network, so Tang He paused for two seconds before he continued with a smile,””In addition to my trust in paradise corporation’s products, I have an agreement with a young friend. If the average price of this auction can exceed 3 million HxB, our shengbang group will obtain the main agency rights for paradise corporation’s abalone products in North America. I watched the live broadcast of the auction just now, and I’m very happy to see that we’ve achieved our goal early on! Therefore ... I have to get this last abalone no matter what. Otherwise, it won’t be enough to express my excitement! Hahaha ...”

The rich people, bosses, and media reporters who came to the auction were all dumbfounded.

To be able to work with a giant like shengbang group was a great thing that he could not even dream of! Why did elder Tang’s tone sound like the Paradise Corporation was not too happy about this and had even set up a barrier? And even after reaching this threshold, elder Tang was still so happy, as if he had just picked up 10000 Yuan?

Everyone felt that their brains were not enough to process this.

Naturally, Feng Rao immediately thought that Tang He ‘s’ little friend ‘was most likely Xia ruofei.

She glanced at Xia ruofei with a half – Smile on her face. Xia ruofei touched his nose awkwardly, not knowing whether to laugh or cry. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Xia ruofei saw clearly that Tang He’s eyes were fixed on the camera when he said those words. It felt like he was looking at himself.

This old man was actually so bored that he finished watching the entire livestream. In the end, he couldn’t help but spend 1.5 million USD to bid for the biggest abalone. He even praised the Paradise Corporation in front of so many guests and reporters.

This was more effective than any advertisement!

It was conceivable that the major media outlets would spend a lot of time reporting this detail tomorrow. After all, Tang He’s wealth and influence were too great.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but laugh. This old master Tang was really an interesting person!

Naturally, Feng Rao had also thought of this. She was also bursting with joy, but she forced herself to remain calm. She smiled and said,”Thank you, old Mr. Tang, for your praise of our paradise Corporation. I also congratulate you on successfully winning the auction of your favorite item!”

The auction ended with a simple interview with Tang He.

Feng Jing and Dong Jiajun of the Hengfeng auction house moved to the press conference hall next door and held a special press conference to answer the questions of the media.

As for the delivery of these abalones, the staff of the auction house would naturally be in charge of it.

Including Tang He’s abalone, the auction house would also take care of it until Tang He sent someone to hand it over.

In this auction, the total transaction amount reached 81.5 million Hong Kong dollars and 1.5 million US dollars, which was equivalent to about 93.2 million Hong Kong dollars.

If all of them were converted into Chinese dollars, the total transaction amount was about 78 million Chinese dollars.

The Commission of the auction house, according to the general standard of the industry, was about 15% to 30%. The ratio of the purchase and the seller’s payment was different. In general, the buyer paid more.

According to MA Xiong’s plan, they would not charge a single cent for this auction. They would be helping out purely out of friendship.

However, Xia ruofei still declined MA Xiong’s kind offer. It was better to settle the accounts clearly between brothers when doing business. MA Xiong had already used his resources to help Xia ruofei. Xia ruofei felt that he would not be able to get over it if he did not spend a single cent.

In the end, MA Xiong couldn’t win against Xia ruofei’s insistence. He could only give a discount on the standard fee and take a 12% commission. The peach blossom company would pay 5% of the total transaction amount, and the buyer would pay 7%.

For example, for an abalone that was sold for 5 million Hong Kong dollars, the buyer had to pay 5.35 million Hong Kong when it was time to pay, and the Paradise Corporation would pay the auction house a Commission of 250000 Hong Kong from this 5 million Hong Kong, which would result in an actual income of 4.75 million Hong Kong.

This Commission ratio was quite low for both parties.

In the end, Xia ruofei’s paradise Corporation had earned 88.65 million Hong Kong dollars from the auction, which was equivalent to about 74.23 million Huaxia dollars.

Just the twenty to thirty abalones that he had experimented with in the spirit map space had brought his company an income of more than 70 million. Xia ruofei was naturally very satisfied.

Of course, Mr. Tang He’s unreasonable bidding in the last round of the auction raised the total price. If it were a normal auction, it would not have reached this price.

Feng Jing went to deal with the reporters while Xia ruofei sat in the venue with Ma Zhiming. They watched as MA Xiong personally sent off the rich people.

If Xia ruofei was willing to show his face in public, MA Xiong would have introduced all the tycoons in Hong Kong to Xia ruofei.

However, Xia ruofei wanted to keep a low profile, so the entire auction was just a bystander.

After sending them off, MA Xiong walked over with a smile and said,”Xia Sheng, congratulations! Today’s auction was an unprecedented success! This time, your paradise Corporation has really gained both fame and fortune!”

logo