Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

?

Chapter 1098: Spirit – gathering Jade Guanyin (1)

Translator: 549690339

Xia ruofei cut very quickly. In the blink of an eye, he had cut the expensive glass – Type jade into three or four pieces. The largest piece was the one he kept for carving the Jade Guanyin.

This was the best plan that Xia ruofei had come up with after repeated calculations. He wanted to keep the Jade Guanyin as large as possible and not waste the remaining scraps.

The two or three pieces of jade that Xia ruofei had cut off could be made into a few pieces of jade leaves.

His success rate of inscribing protective talismans was already very high, so it was time to prepare some protective Jade talismans for Ling Qingxue, Lin Qiao, Hu Zi’s mother, and the people closest to him.

Xia ruofei changed to another carving knife and picked up the largest piece of Jade. After taking a deep breath, he did not hesitate to make the first cut.

Just now, he had already made precise calculations, and the image of Guanyin had already been firmly imprinted in his mind. So, he had already had absolute confidence in which angle to cut and how to carve.

With the help of his strong spiritual power, Xia ruofei’s every move was very accurate, as if it had been measured by a precision instrument.

Soon, Jade fragments flew in all directions, and the embryonic form of a Jade Guanyin gradually appeared.

During the process of carving, he constantly changed to different types of carving knives, but every knife was full of confidence and without the slightest hesitation. The whole carving speed was quite fast. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

If other Jade sculptors saw this scene, they would definitely be shocked.

The traditional jade carving process was slow but delicate.

Before he started, he had to calculate for a long time, and sometimes he had to draw some auxiliary lines.

When he started to sculpt, he was very careful. He had to think for a long time before he made each cut.

It was better to have one less than half.

If the carving wasn’t in place, it could be modified, but if a little bit was cut off, it couldn’t be repaired.

In particular, this kind of expensive high – Quality Jade had to be carved with great care.

However, it was precisely because of this that these sculpted works often carried a strong sense of craftsmanship. They were repeatedly modified and completed in one go, and experts could see the differences at a glance.

Xia ruofei’s sculpting method required the help of strong spiritual power to ensure accuracy. Ordinary people would not be able to learn it even if they knew about it.

This was also the main reason why Xia ruofei’s works had a natural charm.

Of course, there was another reason that could not be ignored.

The Jade Leaf that he had previously sculpted was actually based on the leaf of the spirit heart tree that he had observed countless times in the early days. The entire spirit heart tree had a trace of the great Dao’s charm, and every leaf was full of the Dao’s flavor. The Jade Leaf that was sculpted with this as the template naturally did not have a trace of smoke and fire.

This time, the Jade Guanyin that Xia ruofei had sculpted was based on a precious visualization diagram that was kept in the “human” jade talisman. It was also not an ordinary item.

As the carving knife in Xia ruofei’s hand danced, the Jade Guanyin gradually took shape in his hand.

After Xia ruofei’s last strike, he finally left his state of extreme concentration. A tired smile appeared on his face. He picked up the completed Jade Guanyin and blew on it.

After all the remaining Jade fragments on the Jade Guanyin were blown away, it finally revealed its true appearance.

The Jade Guanyin had a graceful bearing and a compassionate expression on her face. One of her hands was holding a clean bottle with a willow branch in it.

The entire Jade Guanyin was very lifelike. Even the details of her dress were very realistic. At the same time, it also emitted a faint charm of the great Dao.

Xia ruofei admired the Jade Guanyin for a while and put it down with satisfaction.

He stood up and stretched his arms and legs, then drank a few mouthfuls of the spirit Heart Flower petal solution to recover his mental power. After all, such a carving had consumed a lot of his mental power.

In the spirit map space that was rich in spiritual Qi, Xia ruofei was quickly revived.

He returned to the side of the spirit pond and sat down cross – legged. His expression became serious as he picked up the Jade Guanyin.

The next step was to inscribe the spirit gathering talisman.

Xia ruofei had practiced the spirit gathering talisman until he was very familiar with it. He had also tried to use a Jade carrier to draw the runes and the success rate was not bad.

This was the first time he had used such a precious glass type jade Guanyin to draw a rune.

However, Xia ruofei did not feel nervous at all.

On the one hand, the success rate was quite high when he was practicing before. On the other hand, with his current spiritual power cultivation, even if there was a failure, he could control it very well. At most, this Jade Guanyin could no longer bear the runes, and it would not shatter.

Even if he couldn’t carve any more runes on it, the value of this Jade Guanyin was still extremely high. The millions he spent on it would not go to waste.

Furthermore, he still had a few spare pieces of jade that were more than enough to carve the Jade Leaf. If the carving of the Jade Guanyin failed, the larger spare pieces of jade could still be used to carve the Jade Guanyin, but the size would not be as big.

It was because of this relaxed state of mind that Xia ruofei’s drawing of the spirit gathering array runes went rather smoothly. He even felt that it was better than when he was practicing. He did not even think about whether he would succeed or fail. Unknowingly, he had finished drawing it in one go.

It was only when the last rune was successfully carved into the Jade Guanyin that Xia ruofei suddenly noticed it. He could not help but smile in relief.

logo