Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 12: Bulk Purchase

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Xia Ruofei muttered to himself as he shopped.

All of the breeds that he chose were extremely rare, so the price naturally wouldn’t be cheap. In just a short while, he had spent 60,000 to 70,000 yuan.

Most of the time, Xia Ruofei only chose seedlings. However, when he came across a shop selling mature plants, he also bought them. For example, a mature Blooming Cage that cost 20,000 yuan. After thinking for a while, Xia Ruofei decided to buy it.

This was because the growth rate of succulent plants like the Blooming Cage was so slow that it made one’s hair stand on end. Every year, they would grow by about 1 millimeter. Even with the 10 times acceleration of time in the Spiritual Map Space and the unique advantages of the spiritual pond and soil, it would take at least several years for a seedling to grow.

There were ready-made mature plants available to buy, and Xia Ruofei naturally would not let the opportunity miss. Relatively speaking, the time needed to cultivate the seedlings was still very short.

Other than the Blooming Cage, Xia Ruofei also spent about 15,000 yuan to bid for a White-Skinned Moon Realm.

Liang Qichao was indeed a succulent plant expert. The few shops he recommended sold many rare species. Of course, he would only know the quality after receiving the goods. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

The after-sales guarantee online was quite good. In addition, Liang Qichao had recommended merchants with good reputation, so Xia Ruofei was not too worried.

By the time the purchase was completed, Xia Ruofei had spent a total of more than 90,000 yuan to buy the seedlings of more than ten rare varieties of succulents and two mature succulents. His heart ached. The speed he took to spend the amount was a little too fast. 250,000 yuan seemed like a lot, but it was still not enough!

Xia Ruofei did not write the delivery address as his rental apartment in the shantytown. Instead, he chose a delivery collection point. He was extremely cautious and even chose different collection points for different merchants.

In the next few days, Xia Ruofei began to busy himself with opening an online store.

Considering that Tmall was mainly targeted at enterprises, not only did one have to register an enterprise on Tmall, they also had to pay a deposit and a considerable amount of technical service fee. Therefore, Xia Ruofei did not consider using Tmall directly and instead, set up a Taobao shop first.

Compared to Tmall, the process of opening a shop on Taobao was much simpler.

However, it also required various certifications.

Xia Ruofei used his old phone number as the corresponding Taobao and Alipay accounts to apply to open the shop. He uploaded his identification photo and finally managed to apply for the shop after some trouble.

Then, Xia Ruofei began to perfect the information of the shop. After thinking for a long time, he named his Taobao shop “Peach Garden Succulents”. This name was naturally taken from “Peach Blossom Origins”. In Xia Ruofei’s opinion, the spiritual space in the spiritual map was like the Peach Blossom Origins.

The next step was to “renovate” the shop. Actually, there was nothing much to design. Xia Ruofei only chose some free templates provide and simply built the framework of the online shop.

As for those fancy templates that charged money, Xia Ruofei would not spend on them.

As there were no products yet, Xia Ruofei was not in a hurry. He fumbled around and slowly established the online store framework by himself.

Soon four or five days had passed.

During this period, Ling Qingxue called Xia Ruofei twice to ask him out for a meal, but he rejected her politely. When he heard the little girl’s aggrieved voice on the phone, Xia Ruofei could not bear to see her like this. However, he was really busy, and he also had a terminal illness. He did not know how long he could live, so he could only reject her heartlessly.

In the past few days, the succulents that Xia Ruofei had bought online began to arrive one after another. He also became busy.

Every time he received a delivery call, he would rush over to collect it immediately. These were all extremely valuable rare succulents and were also the “seeds” for him to earn big money in the future. If he lost them at the collection point, it would be too late for Xia Ruofei to cry.

The first item he received was the mature plant from the White-skinned Moon Realm that cost Xia Ruofei 15,000 yuan.

After Xia Ruofei retrieved it, he locked the door and entered the Spiritual Map Space with the parcel.

As the small potted plant was sold for 15,000 yuan, the shop owner was naturally very careful and wrapped it in well-protected packaging.

When he opened the large cardboard box, the first thing Xia Ruofei saw was the foam strips that were filled to the brim. He pried open the top layer of the foam strips and saw a transparent plastic cover. A large flower pot was fixed inside, and in the flower pot was the White-skinned Moon Realm that was worth 15,000 yuan.

It had huge fleshy roots. It looked like a big turnip, but a little harder than a turnip. Its surface was covered with a layer of wax.

On the exposed fleshy roots, there were dense green leaves. Every leaf had snow-white fur. At a glance, it looked like a misty rain. It was very beautiful and dreamy.

Xia Ruofei carefully took the pot of White-skinned Moon Realm out of the cardboard box and moved it to the side of the spiritual pond.

Then, he carefully pried away the granular soil around the root and slowly pulled the White-skinned Moon Realm out of the flower pot.

If Liang Qichao saw Xia Ruofei’s actions, he would definitely reprimand him. How could he pull out such a precious supreme-grade White-Skinned Moon Realm so roughly? Wouldn’t it be a waste if the plant had died because of the large movements?

There were also particular steps to take when replacing the soil for the succulent plants. Of course, a layman like Xia Ruofei would not know so much.

However, Xia Ruofei naturally had a reason for doing so. At the same time, he had confidence.

He carefully put the White-skinned Moon Realm aside, then poured all the granular soil mixture out of the flower pot. He picked up a shovel and poured some spiritual soil, mixing them evenly.

Xia Ruofei believed that adding spiritual soil to the pot would definitely promote the growth of the White-skinned Moon Realm.

As for whether such a move would cause harm to the White-skinned Moon Realm, Xia Ruofei was not worried at all. With the magical Spiritual Map Space, as well as the soil and pond water, how could it not grow?

As expected, when Xia Ruofei put the plant material mixed with the spiritual soil back into the flower pot, replanted the White-skinned Moon Realm, and watered it with the spiritual pond water, the originally listless White-skinned Moon Realm immediately became energetic.

If Liang Qichao saw this scene, he would definitely be shocked.

In the following days, Xia Ruofei kept receiving deliveries. He did the same to these succulents, be it mature plants or seedlings. After mixing some spiritual soil in the plant material, he carefully planted them in the spiritual space.

For convenience’s sake, he placed the flower pots with rare succulents by the spiritual pool.

Out of habit, Xia Ruofei arranged these flower pots neatly. At a glance, they looked like soldiers waiting to be inspected.

Moreover, the succulent plants that had been watered with the spiritual water were all growing happily and energetically. Coupled with the fact that they were all rare mutated species, they looked even more pleasing to the eye.