Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

?

Chapter 1107: The absolute main character (3)

Translator: 549690339

“No problem!” Xia ruofei chuckled.”I’ll have a big one!”

There were also glasses of red wine on the table. One glass was about two taels. Xia ruofei took the bottle and filled the glass without hesitation.

Lu You hesitated for a moment.”Don’t drink so much,” she said.”Just a small cup will do!”

The rich kids ‘gazes suddenly became strange. Miss Lu actually cared about someone, and it was in front of young master Song. This scene was too strange ...

Xia ruofei smiled and said,””I’m fine! I can still drink a glass of wine! Lu You, a toast to you!”

After he finished speaking, Xia ruofei took the initiative to clink his glass with Lu You ‘s. Then, he finished the large glass of white wine in a few gulps and showed the bottom of the glass to Lu You.

Seeing that Xia ruofei did not listen to her, Lu You could not help but glare at Xia ruofei. There was a hint of coquettishness in her eyes, which made the rich Playboys ‘jaws drop. The fire of gossip in their hearts grew stronger and stronger ...

However, since Xia ruofei had already drunk it, Lu You had nothing more to say. She could only drink the wine in her glass.

She was drinking red wine, and after drinking half a glass, her pink face had a hint of red, making her look even more beautiful.

Lu You picked up a small towel and wiped her mouth elegantly. Then, she leaned towards Xia ruofei and asked softly,””Have you ever helped uncle Zhao Cheng with anything?”

Lu You was also very curious about what song Rui had just said. Although she could feel that the rich Playboys at the same table were looking at her and Xia ruofei with a flirtatious gaze, she could not help but ask.

Xia ruofei also leaned closer and whispered with a smile,””Why don’t you guess!”

Lu You couldn’t help but glance at Xia ruofei and said,””Do you think I won’t be able to guess if you don’t tell me? Although you’re a little bad, your medical skills are not bad. You’ve probably treated uncle Zhao, right?”

Seeing that Xia ruofei was smiling but not saying anything, Lu You couldn’t help but say in a low voice,””The only thing you can show off is your medical skills and your company’s Taoyuan vegetables. It can’t be that you gave uncle Zhao a basket of vegetables, right?”

When she said this, Lu You couldn’t help but burst out laughing. The usually cold young miss Lu had such a charming smile on her face, which made the other rich kids at the same table widen their eyes.

Even though they had witnessed too much of Xia ruofei’s incredulity today and their minds were numb, they could not help but exclaim “F * ck” in their hearts when they saw this scene.

Liu Jian and the others also had a sense of respect for Xia ruofei. Brother Xia was really a super awesome person! In front of so many people from the third generation of the song family, he openly poached song Rui’s woman. It was really too fierce!

Lu You also felt the ambiguous look in everyone’s eyes. She couldn’t help but blush and asked in a low voice,””Is it true or not? Say something!” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Xia ruofei nodded and said in a low voice,””You’re smart. The last time you came to the capital, you were just in time to help treat general Zhao Cheng’s diabetes. I’m afraid of trouble ...”

“I’m not a child, do you think I’m that stupid?” Lu You said.

Lu You sat up straight in satisfaction after she got the answer. However, the way she and Xia ruofei had leaned in and whispered to each other had already fallen into the eyes of these young fops. Even the people at the other tables had seen it.

Although Xia ruofei wanted to keep a low profile, he had become the center of attention time and time again. He could only smile bitterly in his heart.

logo