Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

?

Chapter 1112: The magical jade pendant (1)

Translator: 549690339

Eccentric song felt the familiar comfort again, and this feeling was many times stronger than before. This kind of comfortable feeling made his spirit rise, and the surprise and joy in his heart could not be any greater.

For an old man in his 80s, what was more tempting than being healthy and prolonging his life?

Even though he had just received the Jade Guanyin, elder song was almost certain that if he wore this Jade for a long time, the benefits to his body would be obvious. Xia ruofei had just said that he could live to a hundred years old. With this Jade Guanyin, it would no longer be a simple blessing, but a real prediction.

After song Zhilan saw the miraculous scene of that drop of blood being completely absorbed, she didn’t dare to speak nonsense about the unknown. However, when she saw her father’s shocked expression, she couldn’t help but walk over and ask,””Dad, what ...”

Song Zhilan suddenly stopped in the middle of her sentence. After that, her mouth unconsciously opened wide.

Because when she was about a meter away from elder song, she immediately felt a cool feeling, as if she had been bathed in a spiritual spring, and her whole person seemed to be much more energetic.

Could it be that ... There was really such a magical thing? Song Zhi Lan’s shocked gaze was fixed on the Jade Guanyin in elder song’s hand.

Elder song gripped the Jade Guanyin tightly, his lips trembling slightly.”Magic tool ... This must be a magic tool ... This is too magical ...”

After song Zhilan personally experienced the effects of the spirit gathering Jade Guanyin, she suddenly felt that she was like a frog in the well who was looking at the sky from the bottom of the well. There were too many things in this world that science couldn’t explain.

Of course, as a successful businessman, Song Zhi LAN immediately realized the meaning of this Jade Guanyin to the song family.

The most obvious benefit of elder song getting the Jade Guanyin was that his body could be constantly nourished, and his lifespan might be greatly extended. And the health of elder song, the pillar of the family, was even more important than the song family’s business earning billions or one of the song family’s children being promoted to the Minister level.

If she could use a few billion in exchange for elder song to live for one more year, Song Zhi LAN would definitely take out money to exchange for it without hesitation.

With this Jade Guanyin, elder song’s life expectancy would be extended by more than one year. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Furthermore, Xia ruofei had magical medical skills. If elder song had any problems in the future, his medical skills would be very precious.

Thinking of this, song Zhilan looked at Xia ruofei with some shame and said,””Xiao Xia, I misunderstood you just now. Please don’t take it to heart ...”

Xia ruofei smiled.”Auntie song, you’re being too serious. You’re just concerned about the chief!”

Song Rui had been standing far away. He saw that his aunt, who had been skeptical all this while, suddenly seemed to have changed into a different person. He couldn’t help but ask curiously,””Auntie, what ... What’s going on?”

Song Zhilan looked at the Jade Guanyin in elder song’s hand with fiery eyes, then smiled at song Rui and said,”Xiao Rui, you’ll know when you feel it for yourself ...”

Song Rui walked over, still skeptical.

As soon as he came to eccentric song’s side, song Rui’s body trembled. His eyes were filled with disbelief as he shouted,””Damn ... This ... This jade pendant is too godly!”

To song Rui, Song Zhi LAN and the others who had never come into contact with spiritual Qi, the spiritual Qi around them suddenly became many times denser. That kind of feeling was indeed very magical.

It was just like when Xia ruofei first entered the spirit map space.

At that time, the spiritual Qi in the space was not as rich as it was now. However, Xia ruofei could not help but feel as if he had entered a Fairyland. He felt relaxed and happy.

After sensing the spiritual energy around elder song, song Rui even forgot that his most respected grandfather was right beside him. He even accidentally cursed.

Eccentric song couldn’t help but frown.”Xiao Rui, what’s the fuss about? You’re afraid that others won’t know, right?”

Song Rui quickly lowered his head and secretly stuck out his tongue.”Grandpa, I was wrong ... I was just ... Too shocked ...”

Xia ruofei smiled.”Chief, if you wear this Jade Guanyin all year round, it will gradually suit you better. Soon, your aura will be restrained to a very small range. This way, people won’t notice anything unusual when they walk beside you.”

“Little Xia, this jade pendant is too magical,” elder song said excitedly,”I’m afraid that even the information I know about magical artifacts doesn’t have such a magical effect. ”

Xia ruofei laughed in his heart. The spiritual Qi on earth was extremely scarce. Even if there were rare cultivators, their achievements would be very limited in such an environment. How could the so – called “Dharma artifacts” that they made be compared with the precious spiritual gathering array recorded in the human jade talisman?

“Your gift is too expensive ...” Elder song sighed.

Xia ruofei smiled.”It’s the chief’s birthday. This is just a token of my appreciation. I’m glad you like it.”

“If I can’t even accept such a gift, then my standards are really too high ...” Elder song said jokingly.

Elder song’s mood was surprisingly good after receiving the miraculous spirit – gathering Jade Guanyin.

At this time, song Rui suddenly exclaimed and asked,””RUO Fei, I remember you saying that you personally sculpted this Jade Guanyin, right? Don’t tell me ... Don’t tell me you can make such a magical artifact?”

logo