Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

?

Chapter 1115: Extra care (2)

Translator: 549690339

“Don’t worry, Grandpa!”Song Rui quickly replied. People like Zheng tianbing are not the same as me. Besides, RUO Fei is much more capable than I am. Are you afraid that I’ll lead him astray ...”

This kid saw that the old man was in a good mood today, so his tone was much more relaxed than usual. He actually dared to make a joke with the old man.

“It’s good that you know what you’re doing,” elder song said indifferently.”Learn more from ruofei in the future. Don’t mess around outside and do more serious things!”

“Yes!” Song Rui said submissively and then gave Xia ruofei a look.

“Grandpa song, Auntie song, I’ll go back first!” Xia ruofei stood up and smiled.

“Good, good, good!” Elder song smiled and said,”when you’re in Beijing, come and visit this old man when you have time ...”

“Alright!”

“Take care, RUO Fei.” Song Zhilan also smiled and said,”Xiao Rui, drive slowly!”

“I know!” Song Rui responded and left elder song’s backyard with Xia ruofei.

Considering that they could stay out all night and they would need a car to go out, song Rui did not use elder song’s spare car. Instead, he brought Xia ruofei straight to the garage in the front yard and drove a low – Profile Phaeton. They left the song family’s old house in a hurry.

In the backyard.

Song Zhilan also prepared to bid her farewell to the old man and return to her room to rest.

“Wait a moment, Zhilan,” eccentric song said indifferently.

“Dad, do you have any other orders?” song Zhilan asked hurriedly.

“Sit down!” Elder song pointed at the chair and said,”RUO Fei is a strange person. Don’t be fooled by his gentle personality. Capable people are usually proud. In the future, when you interact with him, you must not be arrogant and rude because of your status.”

Song Zhilan smiled bitterly and said,”dad, what are you thinking!” Even if today’s incident didn’t happen, RUO Fei saved your life! We’ve always been grateful to him, and we’ve never had the mentality of being superior to others. ”

Song Zhilan said in her heart,”you’ve already personally acknowledged your godblood, how can we still be high and mighty?”

Moreover, song Zhilan had personally witnessed Xia ruofei’s magical ability today. Even if she had a little bit of superiority as a child of a rich family in the past, after today, it would all be gone. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“That’s good,”said elder song with a nod. Also ... Although ruofei’s company isn’t big, it has great potential. We have to help him in the business in the future. ”

“I know, dad!” Song Zhilan said.

Elder song waved his hand and said,”alright, you should rest early.” Remember, you can’t tell anyone about what happened today, even Zhenwu!”

The Zhenwu elder song was talking about was song Zhilan’s husband, he Zhenwu, who was also the leader of a state – owned enterprise.

“Dad, don’t worry! I know what’s important. ” Song Zhilan stood up and said,”then you should rest early too. I’ll go down first ...”

Elder song nodded his head. Only then did song Zhilan respectfully leave.

After song Zhilan left, elder song thought for a while. He got up and walked to the study room. He picked up the red phone on the desk and dialed a string of numbers.

Soon, song Qiming’s respectful voice came from the other end of the phone.””Hello, chief. You’re calling so late. Do you have any instructions?”

“Qiming!” Elder song laughed. How’s your work going?”

“Reporting to the chief, everything is going well.” Song Qiming quickly said,”Secretary Lin from the Provincial Party Committee is very concerned about my work. Comrade Huilan has also left me with a very good situation in Sanshan city. Currently, all work is progressing in an orderly manner.”

“That’s good!” Elder song said,”Qiming! The southeast province is at the forefront of the reform and opening up. Its economy is more developed, and the People’s thoughts are more active. Sanshan city is also the provincial capital of the southeast province. As the leader, you have a heavy responsibility on your shoulders!”

“Don’t worry, chief. I will do my best to develop and I will not let you down!” Song Qiming said immediately.

“Okay, okay ...” Elder song said. Then, he asked casually,”is ruofei doing well at the three mountains? I hope I didn’t cause you any trouble?”

Song Qiming was shocked. Although elder song’s tone was casual, it revealed an important message. He was asking as an elder of Xia ruofei’s family.

Song Qiming even lost his focus for a moment. However, he was a high – ranking official, so he had a strong mental fortitude. He quickly composed himself and replied,””Chief, ruofei has never done anything special. The only time he came to me was because of the child of his comrade who sacrificed his life to go to school.”

Eccentric song was also very pleased after hearing this. He said to himself,”RUO Fei’s character was not bad ...

“Mm, that’s good!” Elder song said calmly,”RUO Fei’s business is mainly in the southeast province. Qiming, please take care of him. If there are any difficulties that even you can’t solve, you can report to me directly!”

Song Qiming was extremely shocked. Elder song did not even say “it’s not against the rules” this time. Instead, he asked song Qiming to take care of Xia ruofei. He even told song Qiming to report to him if he could not solve the problem.

He probably didn’t even care so much about his own grandson, song Rui!

Song Qiming did not dare to be slow. He quickly and respectfully said,””Don’t worry, chief. I’ll take care of him even if you don’t ask. He saved my Weiwei’s life!”

“Good, then!” Eccentric song nodded with satisfaction.

“Sir, you should rest early ...” Song Qiming said respectfully.

......

After song Rui drove away from the song family’s old house, he was like a bird that had just left its cage. As soon as he drove out of the heavily guarded area, he immediately took out his phone and called his friends.

“Big brother Zhao, where is he ... No way! He’s home so early? You’re lying ... Fine! When you go back, you have to come out too ... RUO Fei is also participating, come out quickly ... Haha! I knew you’d agree to it! The King’s Manor’s private kitchen, see you there!”

“Liu Jian, where the hell are you? Transfer, transfer ... Nonsense, I’m an adult, what’s there to be afraid of when I come out to play at night ... Hey! Don’t provoke me! How about we pull an all – nighter today.....Don’t talk nonsense, Wang Fu’s private kitchen, RUO Fei is also here, quickly come over!”

......

After a while, song Rui called all the young people at their table.

Of course, he definitely wouldn’t yell at Lu You until Yingying couldn’t wait to hide!

The fathers of these rich Playboys were very close to the song family, so song Rui was naturally close to them.

In addition to these people, song Rui made a few more calls and quickly gathered a large group of people.

Song Rui threw his phone on the dashboard and turned to Xia ruofei. He chuckled and said,””Ruofei, I’d like to introduce some good friends to you tonight. Although they’re ignorant, they have strong connections and will be useful to you in the future!”

“Isn’t it enough that I know you, young master Song?”Xia ruofei smiled.

Song Rui chuckled proudly and said,””It’s always good to make more friends!”

As the two of them chatted, the car quickly arrived at the private kitchen of the Wang Residence.

Elder song’s birthday party ended very early. When Xia ruofei left the song family’s old house, it was only about 9:30 in the evening. However, for a restaurant, this time was actually quite late.

If they didn’t serve supper, it would be almost time to close.

However, song Rui’s face was still useful. He had made a call on the way to book the biggest private room. After arriving at the restaurant, everyone from the manager to the head chef had not left work and were waiting for song Rui in the restaurant.

They had already eaten dinner. Today, they were mainly here to introduce Xia ruofei to some friends. Hence, song Rui ordered a few signature dishes and a few bottles of Maotai. The manager was left to prepare the rest of the dishes.

Xia ruofei and song Rui were making tea and chatting in the private room. After a while, Xia ruofei heard footsteps, followed by Zhao Yongjun’s forthright voice.””Hahaha! Brother Xia! When I heard that you were here, I rushed here without stopping!”

logo