Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

?

Chapter 1120: Don’t guess a girl’s thoughts (1)

Translator: 549690339

Feng Rao was caught off guard and her soft hand was caught by Xia ruofei. Her face couldn’t help but turn red. She tried to break free, but Xia ruofei held on tightly in a hurry and she couldn’t break free.

Xia ruofei did not notice Feng Rao’s embarrassment and hurriedly explained,””President Feng, a friend of mine is in the room. He came to visit me this morning. It’s not what you think ...”

It was only Seveno’ clock. Who would come to the hotel to visit a friend so early? Feng Rao didn’t really believe it.

At this moment, a voice came from behind Xia ruofei.””Ruofei, you have guests?” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Then, Lu You’s figure appeared beside Xia ruofei. She glanced at Xia ruofei’s hand with a half – Smile.

Only then did Xia ruofei realize that he had been holding onto Feng Rao’s hand. He quickly let go and said to Feng Rao,””President Feng, did you see that? This is the daughter of our former Secretary Tian, Lu You. You’ve met her before. She really just came over this morning. ”

“Lu You, help me prove it!” Xia ruofei turned around and said.

Lu You gave Feng Rao a meaningful look and said with a smile,””President Feng, you’re here early in the morning for a spot check?”

Feng Rao also recognized Lu You. Furthermore, both Xia ruofei and Lu You were dressed neatly. She also knew that she might have misunderstood earlier. Now that Lu You was implying something, she felt even more awkward.

Feng Rao was a little embarrassed.”So it’s miss Lu...I didn’t dare to check the Chairman’s post. I just saw that the chairman had a guest and didn’t want to disturb your discussion.”

Lu You smiled and didn’t say anything. Xia ruofei heaved a sigh of relief and said,””CEO Feng, since you’re here, why don’t you come in and sit for a while? Didn’t you just say that you have something to report?”

“This ...” Feng Rao looked at Lu You with a troubled expression.

“Just pretend that I don’t exist ...” Lu You shrugged and said.

Seeing that Lu You had no intention of leaving, Xia ruofei could only smile and say,””It’s alright. Lu You is one of us. If you have anything to report, just say it.”

When Lu You heard Xia ruofei say that she was ‘one of them’, she couldn’t help but Mutter in her heart,”Who’s on your side ... But she still felt a little happy.

Sometimes, women were really creatures who did not mean what they said. Even if it was just a monologue in their hearts, it might not really be in line with their own hearts.

Since Xia ruofei had said so, Feng Jing could only follow him into the room.

After they sat down in the guest room, Xia ruofei poured Feng Jing a cup of tea and said with a pleasant expression,””President Feng, you’ve worked hard these past two days. Tell me about the progress!”

Initially, Feng Rao felt a little aggrieved. However, after Xia ruofei said that, it seemed that her little grievance disappeared. She immediately said,””Chairman, due to time constraints, our original plan to shoot the promotional video and posters in the southeast province has changed. We’re going to find a place near Beijing to shoot.”

Xia ruofei nodded slightly. If Duff and the crew were to go to the southeast province, not only would it waste a lot of time, but it would also be a good idea to film here.

“I’ve discussed it with Ms. Duff and the director a few times,” Feng Jing continued.”We’ve basically decided on the plan and script for the shoot. We’ve found a place in the suburbs with a nice view. We’re going to start shooting the commercial today ...”

The location was recommended by an Assistant Director of the crew. It was also the location for the shooting of a popular Xianxia drama. The scenery was beautiful, with mountains and rivers. Feng Jing and Duff went there personally to take a look. Everyone was satisfied, so they decided on the location.

Lu You sat at the side and listened quietly. She did not disturb Xia ruofei and Feng Jing. However, when she heard the name of the celebrity, Daphne, her eyes could not help but flash with curiosity.

Xia ruofei nodded and said,”sure!” Can we make it in time?”

Feng Jing said,”we’ll have plenty of time if we shoot it in Beijing. We’re only shooting a commercial, not a movie. Our initial estimate is that it’ll be done in three days. They also have a professional team to help with the post – production, so we’ll definitely be able to finish it before Duff’s movie starts shooting.”

After a short pause, Feng Jing continued,”after we’re done with the commercial, we’ll start editing the post – production work. At the same time, we can get Duff to start shooting the posters. The outer packaging designs for the jaded skin cream have been finalized. I’ve asked the factory to produce a few sets of jaded skin cream urgently and have them sent over.”

Xia ruofei was very satisfied and praised,””President Feng, you managed to organize everything in two or three days. I didn’t choose the wrong person!”

Feng Jing shot Xia ruofei a resentful look.”If you weren’t the chairman, would I be so tired?”

“Chairman,” she said.”I can do these specific things, but there’s one thing that you still need to make a decision on.”

“Oh? What’s the matter?” Xia ruofei asked with a smile.

“Although we don’t need to pay for the endorsement this time, we’ll still have to pay for the accommodation of the entire team in Hilton, the rental of the outdoor location, the shooting of posters, the rental of the studio, the transportation, accommodation, and other expenses.” Feng Jing said,”that’s why you have to give me a sum of money first. Otherwise, you can’t do anything without rice!”

Xia ruofei smiled.”You’re the General Manager. If you need money, can’t you just ask chubby boy to transfer it to you?”

Lu You couldn’t help but purse her lips when she heard this. She thought to herself, this guy is really carefree! Even if he didn’t want to get involved in the company’s specific Affairs, how could he have such casual control over the financial affairs? If everyone managed the company like him, wouldn’t everyone under him earn enough money? He had to talk to him when he had the time!

In reality, Lu You did not know that although Xia ruofei’s management was lax, Feng Jing had always adhered to her duties, especially when it came to the financial system. She was the one who had taken the lead in sticking to it. Furthermore, she had also referenced the advanced management of foreign companies and was very strict in the financial audit.

The General Manager had already taken the lead, and the system was so strict that the lower – Level people could not find a loophole.

As expected, after Feng Jing heard Xia ruofei’s words, she immediately smiled bitterly and said,””Chairman, I need at least 500000 Yuan in advance. According to the rules, such a large amount of money needs your personal approval. As the General Manager, how can I take the lead in breaking the rules?”

Xia ruofei touched his nose and said,””Alright, then we’ll follow the procedure!”

Feng Jing immediately took out an approval form for advance payment and said,””Chairman, here you go!”

Xia ruofei took a look and saw that there was no problem, so he took out a pen and signed his name. Then, he handed it to Feng Rao and said with a smile,”Just fax it back! Tell chubby boy to quickly transfer the money over and not delay the progress here! By the way, if there’s not enough time, I’ll personally give you some in advance. You can return it to me after you receive the company’s advance loan. ”

“There’s no need for that. I still have some money in my card. I’ve been paying for the past few days. “Feng Rao smiled. Thank you, Chairman! Then I’ll go make arrangements for the outdoor shoot and won’t disturb you guys!”

Feng Rao smiled and nodded at Lu You before leaving Xia ruofei’s room with the approval form.

After Feng Rao left, Lu You immediately revealed a strange smile and said to Xia ruofei,””Your general manager is pretty!”

Xia ruofei looked at Lu You and asked,””What do you want to say?”

Lu You pouted and said,”it’s nothing!” I’m just curious ... Isn’t your girlfriend worried?”

“Thank you! I’m very close to Qingxue!” Xia ruofei said.

“Tsk, I think she’s the stupid one ...” Lu You muttered softly.

Xia ruofei’s hearing was sharp, but he still pretended not to hear. He asked,””What did you just say?”

“It’s nothing!” Lu You looked at Xia ruofei unhappily and continued to ask,”the advertisement spokesperson you were talking about just now, is it the Hollywood movie star, Daphne?”

“Yup!” Xia ruofei laughed and said,”I didn’t expect miss Lu to be a fan of celebrities too.”

“Can you take me to the set to take a look?” Lu You suddenly asked.

“If you want to go, I can ask President Feng to bring you along,” Xia ruofei said after some thought.

“Aren’t you going by yourself?” Lu You asked, a little disappointed.

Xia ruofei shrugged and said,”I still have things to do!” Besides, I usually don’t care about these specific things. I’m very assured with you around. ”

“You’re so bold ...” Lu You couldn’t help but mock him softly.

Xia ruofei asked,”do you want to go?” If they want to go, I’ll call President Feng. They’re going to suburbs for a shoot, so they’ll probably leave earlier. ”

“Of course we’re going! You make the call!” Although Lu You was a little disappointed, she was still looking forward to meeting master Dave.

Xia ruofei gave Feng Rao a call without hesitation and asked her to bring Lu You along when she went to the outdoor filming location.

Naturally, Feng Jing wouldn’t reject the Chairman’s request. She immediately agreed.

After Xia ruofei hung up, he smiled at Lu You and said,””They’re leaving the hotel at 8:30. You can go downstairs to find President Feng. You still have time to go down and have breakfast. ”

Lu You looked at Xia ruofei and asked,””You want me to leave so quickly?”

Xia ruofei was stunned for a moment, then he smiled and said,””How can I? You can stay for as long as you like! As long as you’re not afraid of people gossiping ...”

“Tsk, a straight body is not afraid of a crooked shadow, what gossip am I afraid of?” Lu You said with a look of disdain. Then, she said,”but there’s no point in doing this. I’m leaving!”

Xia ruofei felt that he could not keep up with Lu You’s jumping thoughts and could not help but smile bitterly.

Lu You walked to the door with the paper bag and turned back. She smiled and said,””I’ll leave the things with you for now. I’ll get them from you when I come back from the exterior!”

After saying that, Lu You placed the paper bag on the coffee table and waved at Xia ruofei in a carefree manner before turning around and walking out.

Xia ruofei looked at Lu You’s back and suddenly had an idea. He called out,””Woof! Lu You, wait a moment ...”

logo