Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 13: Super Vegetables

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

In the following days, Xia Ruofei lived very leisurely.

Every day, other than entering the spiritual space to see the growth of the succulents and admire the beautiful flowers of the mysterious plant by the pond, he basically had nothing else to do.

The renovation of the online store was also constantly being perfected. Now, everything was ready except for the products to be put on sale.

Considering that he needed to take some high-quality photos to open an online store, Xia Ruofei gritted his teeth and went to a digital store in the Three Mountains Plaza to buy a DSLR camera. Even though it was only an entry-level one, it still cost him more than 10,000 yuan.

Soon, only half of the 250,000 yuan earned from the sale of the supreme-grade Ice Lantern Jade Dew was left.

Due to the magical effects of space and the difference in the flow of time, the vegetables that Xia Ruofei had planted previously grew very quickly. For example, the mustard greens that had a shorter growth cycle were completely ripe in three or four days after they were sown and could be picked and eaten.

It was worth mentioning that the vegetables grown in this spiritual space were not only much larger than those sold outside, but they also looked quite good. They were green and full of vitality. They didn’t even look like real vegetables, but like works of art carved from jade.

Xia Ruofei had a small induction stove in the rental apartment, so he couldn’t wait to pick some mustard greens. After leaving the space, he rinsed them casually with clean water—the vegetable leaves growing in the spiritual space could be said to be spotless and very clean—then cut and stir-fried them.

Xia Ruofei had received professional wilderness survival training in the army, so although his culinary skills could not be compared to a restaurant chef’s, he could at least cook a plate of vegetables.

Soon, a plate of stir-fried mustard greens was freshly prepared. Other than a little vegetable oil and salt, no other seasoning was added.

The stir-fried mustard greens on the plate looked fresh and green, making Xia Ruofei’s appetite grow.

He picked up his chopsticks and put some vegetables into his mouth.

Before he could chew, Xia Ruofei felt a fragrance assault his nose, making him start chewing.

With a bite, the sweetness and crispness of the mustard greens made every one of his taste buds bounce in joy.

Xia Ruofei took several large mouthfuls before stopping.

His eyes lit up with delight. He had never eaten such delicious vegetables in his life. What was certain was that the vegetables sold on the market, including the expensive organic ones marked in supermarkets, were worlds apart from the mustard greens he had grown in the space.

There was no doubt that this was the magical effect of the Spirit Map Space.

“Looks like I’ll always have a great meal in the future…” Xia Ruofei thought of the many vegetables planted in the space and could not help but mutter to himself happily.

The vegetables in the space grew extremely quickly. He definitely did not need to buy vegetables in the future. He could even take some out to sell.

Compared to the growth rate of vegetables, the growth rate of the succulents seemed a little slow.

Even though time was accelerated by ten times, Xia Ruofei could only see that they had grown a little every day when he entered the space. The growth of the Blooming Cage and White-skinned Moon Realm was the slowest and could not even be seen with the naked eye.

Xia Ruofei knew that succulents grew slowly, so he was not in a hurry.

Xia Ruofei was not in a hurry to reproduce them, including the two mature Blooming Cages and the White-skinned Moon Realm.

What he was hoping was that by letting them grow in the Spiritual Map Space for a longer period of time, they could gain greatest vitality. Moreover, they might even undergo a surprising mutation like the Jade Dew that was sold previously.

Since he had decided to take the route to selling high-end products, Xia Ruofei knew that he could not be too hasty.

The days passed in a leisurely manner.

In the blink of an eye, a month had passed in the outside world and ten months had passed in the space. With the magical enhancement of the resources in the space, those succulents might even be considered to have grown in the outside world for a year or two, or even more.

In the past month, Xia Ruofei had not been idle. He had to enter the Spiritual Map Space every day to maintain those succulent plants. As he watched the succulent plants grow at an unimaginable speed, a sense of accomplishment arose in his heart.

As for the vegetables in the spiritual space, he had harvested them one after another.

The quality of these vegetables far exceeded the premium organic vegetables sold outside.

Be it mustard green, romaine lettuce, cabbage, or other leafy vegetables, or cucumbers, tomatoes, and so on, not only did they grow extremely fast, but they could also be harvested in three to four days. Moreover, they looked extremely good.

The leaves were green and full of vitality. The pure green color even gave off an unreal feeling. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

The cucumbers and tomatoes were also clearly much larger than ordinary ones. Cucumbers were generally as thick as an adult’s arm, and the shortest ones were 40 to 50 centimeters long. Each of the tomatoes was the size of a bowl, and the juice flowed out when bitten, sweet and refreshing.

Xia Ruofei called the vegetables he planted “super vegetables”. They certainly lived up to their names.

Xia Ruofei naturally could not finish so many vegetables alone.

Therefore, after he harvested them, he placed them in baskets and left them in the spiritual space.

From this, Xia Ruofei accidentally discovered another function of the Spiritual Map Space—after the vegetables and fruits were plucked, as long as they were stored in the Spiritual Map Space, they would not be affected by time at all. A few days in the outside world was equivalent to dozens of days in the space, but those vegetables and fruits were still as fresh as when they were just plucked.

Even more amazingly, this function only worked on plucked vegetables and fruits, and they had to be stored in a container.

Xia Ruofei specially left a cabbage outside for testing and let it grow in the ground. In the end, it quickly turned yellow after its growth period. In the next day or two, it even rotted in the ground and melted into the soil.

With this discovery, Xia Ruofei specially went to purchase a batch of wicker baskets and packed the harvested vegetables in time.

After a month in the outside world and ten months in the space, the succulent plants had generally grown a lot. In particular, the Blooming Cages and White-skinned Moon Realm that were originally mature plants became even more lively and looked quite energetic.

The expected mutation did not happen, but since Xia Ruofei had bought rare breeds, he was not too disappointed.

On this day, he decided to begin the crucial step—the first cross-breeding of the succulents.

In fact, many succulents could also be sown and reproduced, but in order to save time, Xia Ruofei still chose the method of cuttage.

Moreover, this method allowed for asexual reproduction and could preserve the characteristics of the previous generation of plants very well. For Xia Ruofei, who had made up his mind to produce high quality plants, this was naturally the best choice.

Some of the succulent forums mentioned that the survival rate of succulents such as the White-Skinned Moon Realm during cuttage was low. However, Xia Ruofei, who had the Spiritual Map Space did not consider it at all.

First, he lined up the small flower pots that he had already prepared. They were half filled with planting materials. Then, he walked to the largest pot with the White-skinned Moon Realm, and slowly squatted down…