Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

?

Chapter 1201: Chapter 737 – no destruction, no construction (2)

Translator: 549690339

Xia ruofei did not go anywhere in the afternoon and night. He stayed in Paradise Farm.

The scenery here was very beautiful, and the environment was quite quiet. The air was filled with the fragrance of the grass. Beside the mirror – like man – made Lake, lying on a recliner and reading a book, with a cup of tea in hand, it was definitely a rare enjoyment.

This could also be considered as him stealing half a day of leisure.

......

The next morning, Xia ruofei left Paradise Farm in Liang Qichao’s car at Seveno’ clock. He went straight to the warehouse that he had asked Liang Qichao to rent in advance.

Xia Qing had already prepared all the grapevines in advance. The Semillon grape species had an extremely tenacious vitality, and the grapes were mainly bred through cutting. In addition, they were high – Quality breeds cultivated in the spirit map space, so the survival rate of these grapevines was definitely very high.

After Xia ruofei entered the warehouse, he locked the door from the inside.

He then released his mental power out of habit and inspected the large warehouse inch by inch to prevent anyone from secretly installing listening and monitoring equipment.

If it was in the past, Xia ruofei would have to inspect such a large warehouse alone. It would be a terrifying task. The main reason was that there were too many places to inspect and the workload was too heavy.

However, ever since he had mastered the use of mental strength, the conventional methods that Xia ruofei had learned before were completely useless. He only needed to release his strong mental strength to check inch by inch, and the possibility of missing something was very low.

After making sure that the warehouse was safe, Xia ruofei took out all the grapevines that Xia Qing had neatly stored in the spirit map space.

Due to the relatively large planting area, there were also a lot of grapevines, which almost filled up half of the warehouse.

At eighto’ clock, Liang Qichao personally brought two large trucks to the warehouse on time, along with some unloading workers he had hired.

“Woof! RUO Fei, when did you get so many grape seedlings?” The moment Liang Qichao entered the warehouse, he was shocked by the saplings.

Xia ruofei smiled and said casually,””I’ve already contacted them back in China. That’s why I asked you to rent the storage unit for me in advance!”

There was plenty of sunlight in Australia, and the planting of wine grapes was very extensive. Liang Qichao thought that Xia ruofei had contacted a supplier in Australia, so he did not continue to ask. He immediately got the workers to start loading the truck.

After more than an hour, all the grape seedlings were finally loaded into the truck. Xia ruofei drove the truck in front while Liang Qichao escorted the truck from behind. The three vehicles drove towards west Winery.

Old West had already invited experienced farmers to wait at the winery.

The car drove straight to the vineyard. After Xia ruofei asked the workers to unload enough seedlings for the vineyard of West, he asked the truck driver to rest in the winery. There were still many grape seedlings left in the truck, which were prepared for the Golden Oak winery.

The planting here might not even be completed in a day, but Xia ruofei did not want to load the trucks again after unloading them, so he asked Liang Qichao to book both trucks.

When they began to unload the seedlings, Old West couldn’t wait to check.

However, after looking at it, he was a little disappointed that these grapes were of a Semillon variety. It was not bad, but he could not see any difference from the grapes that were originally grown in his own winery.

Old West also noticed that although the seedlings had been treated, they didn’t have a film to keep the grapevines dry. He was even more certain that the seedlings were ordinary.

It had been almost two hours since he’d taken the grapes out of the origin space. They looked a little shriveled. Old West couldn’t help but shake his head. He didn’t know if they would even grow, let alone how many years it would take for them to bear fruit. He didn’t know what the quality of the grapes was, or if they were suitable for making dry white.

However, Xia ruofei had already made up his mind. Old West had no choice but to accept the fact that he had removed all the grapes.

The trucks were still unloading, so he immediately began to organize the workers to plant the cicadas. He wanted to move as fast as possible. After all, there were still so many grape seedlings left for the Golden Oak winery in the truck. The situation might get worse if he took too long.

Xia ruofei watched with great interest.

The workers Old West had hired were very experienced, and their actions were very skilled and deft.

Soon, the cutting seedlings were planted one by one. These seedlings were all planted diagonally to the North. The labor of the workers was very clear. Some people dug pits, some inserted the seedlings, some filled the soil, and some watered the crops. The ridges for planting grapes had been prepared in advance, so the efficiency was very high.

Xia ruofei looked at it for a while and then ran to the truck to check the remaining grape seedlings.

He asked the winery’s workers to help get a few large buckets of water, and then personally carried the buckets to water and moisten the grape seedlings that could not be planted for the time being.

Of course, Xia ruofei took out a small amount of the spirit Heart Flower petal solution from the medium and poured it into the bucket while avoiding everyone’s eyes. With this magical solution, the grape seedlings would not wither even if they were left in the carriage for two or three days.

Although the grapes didn’t need to be watered every day, the modern vineyard was also equipped with an automatic irrigation system.

While everyone was busy, Xia ruofei pretended to be strolling around. He quietly approached the water tower and added a small bottle of petal solution.

Xia ruofei believed that after he had done all this, the survival rate of the grape seedlings would be extremely high. It might even be 100%.

He was busy for an entire day.

In the evening, the workers immediately stopped their work and got off work on time to go home.

Fortunately, everyone was very efficient when they were working. They basically filled up the vineyard of the Wester winery in a day, and there was still a little bit of space left. Old West decided to leave two workers to finish it tomorrow, while he took most of the people to the Golden Oak winery to continue planting.

After having dinner at West Winery, Xia ruofei returned to Paradise Farm. He did not have to worry about anything else. Even the accommodation of the two drivers was arranged by Liang Qichao.

It was a quiet night.

The next day, Xia ruofei followed everyone to the Golden Oak winery. The workers continued to plant grapes.

The area of the Golden Oak winery was far larger than that of the West Winery. It took three days of hard work to plant all the grape seedlings.

What surprised Old West was that on the last day, the seedlings that were unloaded three days ago didn’t wither even though they looked withered.

He also knew that Xia ruofei would use a bucket to replenish the water in his spare time. However, the effect of this help was not obvious. By right, the grapevines would have withered and died on the last day. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Old West couldn’t understand it either. The only explanation was that the Semillon grape seedlings that Xia ruofei had brought were extremely tenacious.

Seeing that all the grape seedlings from the spirit map space had been planted, Xia ruofei’s heart relaxed. The next thing to do was to wait. Time would prove that Xia ruofei’s decision was correct.

Xia ruofei invited Mr. And Mrs. Wests and all the other workers to a drink in the town’s Bar. He even gave Mr. And Mrs. Wests a good bonus to honor their work in improving the grape variety.

After planting all the grape seedlings, Xia ruofei was not in a hurry to leave Australia. On one hand, he liked the leisurely life here. On the other hand, the grape seedlings had not fully grown and Xia ruofei could not be completely at ease. If he stayed here, even if there was a problem with the grape seedlings, he could use the petal solution of the spirit Heart Flower to “provide emergency treatment” to the seedlings.

Old West had been starving for the past few days. He was most worried about whether the grape seedlings could survive.

He patrolled the two vineyard sites almost every day.

As time went by, the worry on Old West’s face gradually lessened. He found that almost none of the grape seedlings couldn’t survive. On the contrary, they were becoming more and more energetic day by day, and many of them even grew new shoots.

The survival rate was close to 100%. Old West thought it was a miracle.

Especially when this batch of grape seedlings looked very ordinary, the survival rate was even more precious.

logo