Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

?

Chapter 1215: Buying the skyscraper (3)

Translator: 549690339

More than an hour later, the two of them drove back to the farm. It was already around 11 P. M.

After Xia ruofei’s counseling, Feng Jing was in a much better mood.

She looked at the lights flashing quickly outside the window and said with a smile,””Chairman, I think you’re quite good at thinking!”

Xia ruofei said,”of course!” If I hadn’t retired from the Army, I might have been an instructor or an instructor. If I’m lucky, I might have even been a political commissar. ”

Feng Rao couldn’t help but burst into laughter after hearing this.

After they returned to the farm, Xia ruofei sent Feng Jing back to her dormitory. He parked the car in the shed beside the complex and walked back to the small villa leisurely.

Xia ruofei did not notice that in one of the rooms in the complex, Feng Jing was standing behind the curtains. Through the gap, she was watching him disappear into the night. Feng Jing’s eyes were a little dazed, but at the same time, there was a hint of shyness.

......

The next day, Feng Jing received a phone call from Deputy Director Xu, asking her to bring the most important evidence to the SASAC Discipline Inspection team to cooperate with their investigation.

Yesterday, for safety reasons, Xia ruofei did not hand the recording pen over to Deputy Director Xu and the others.

Although Liu Zhe had brought the man, there was only one recording. Xia ruofei would not take the risk without absolute confidence, even if the chances of Deputy Director Xu and the others destroying the recording were slim.

Feng Jing took the USB with the recording and the purchase materials that she had prepared a few days ago. When she went to the SASAC, in addition to cooperating with the investigation, she had to submit the materials as soon as possible. The purchase deadline was approaching, so she had to hurry.

In the next few days, Feng Jing mainly followed up on the acquisition of the building and cooperated with Deputy Director Xu’s investigation when she needed it.

Li Chenggong was isolated for investigation, and the new section Chief couldn’t be in place immediately, so his work was temporarily taken over by a Deputy Section Chief surnamed song.

There was no such thing as an impervious wall in the world. Moreover, inside the mechanism, the speed of small news spreading was very fast.

Therefore, even though Liu Zhe didn’t say anything about paradise Corporation, vice Section Chief song quickly found out the reason for Section Chief Li’s fall. While he broke out in a cold sweat, he didn’t dare to neglect Feng Jing at all.

Once the organizer paid attention to it, the efficiency would be very high.

Feng Jing’s acquisition of Hengli building sped up. The materials were submitted smoothly, and the asset management Office quickly gathered several companies and individuals who were interested in the acquisition and held an inquiry meeting.

The other companies weren’t very interested in buying, and Feng Jing and Xia ruofei’s offer was very sincere and competitive.

Therefore, after a few rounds of inquiry, the Paradise Corporation successfully bought the few floors of the Hengli building, and the total transaction price was 270 million Chinese dollars.

After much hard work, Feng Jing finally decided on the payment method.

On the day of the contract signing, 100 million Chinese dollars would be paid. Within three months of the transfer of property rights, the Paradise Corporation would pay the remaining 170 million Chinese dollars. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

With these three months of buffer period, with the jaded skin cream’s super – Strong ability to make money, 170 million Chinese dollars would be a piece of cake.

The acquisition of the balance power building was quite smooth, and the investigation on li Chenggong was also very fast.

Li Chenggong’s psychological defense had already collapsed that night. Deputy Director Xu and a few disciplinary officers pursued the victory, and he quickly confessed to all the crimes he had committed over the years.

As Xia ruofei had expected, li Chenggong was a typical corrupt official. What he had done had long broken the law. After the investigation was over, he would be sent to the judicial authorities and be prosecuted.

If there were no accidents, his prison life would not be too short. This was what he deserved.

The interesting thing was that in the process of investigating li Chenggong, there was a small interlude that was related to Xia ruofei ...

logo