Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

?

Chapter 1221: Super harvest (1)

Translator: 549690339

Xia ruofei used his mental strength to scan the area and found nine large plastic boxes scattered in the oak Forest. Five of them were white truffles and four were black truffles. Only one of the boxes was not filled to the brim with black truffles. The other eight boxes were full.

Xia ruofei had brought over extra – large tidying boxes. Each box was filled with at least 80 to 90 catties of truffles.

It was really a big harvest this time. It was several times more than the harvest at the beginning of the year!

Xia ruofei was so happy that he couldn’t close his mouth. In his eyes, the mud – covered lumps in the suitcase were not truffles but stacks of cash, and they were green US dollars ...

He raised his hand to look at his watch. It was already past six in the evening.

He had entered the interspace around noon, which meant that he had spent the entire afternoon digging truffles.

Xia ruofei was going to go back to the outside world for dinner before he dealt with the truffles.

Xia ruofei was very satisfied with lightning, Blackie, and the rest’s performance today. He patted their heads approvingly and took them to the all – terrain vehicle to the space ocean to wash the mud off their bodies.

Then, Xia ruofei took some flower petal solution and rewarded them.

Due to their biological instincts, Blackie and the rest could not resist the temptation of the petal solution. They all gathered around happily and drank it in big gulps. In the end, even the drops of water at the bottom of the basin had been licked clean. They even came over and gently tugged at Xia ruofei’s trousers, not satisfied.

Xia ruofei laughed and scolded,”not enough!” I can ‘t, I can’ t, I’ll make you poor if you eat any more! I’ll reward whoever performs well next time! You guys have been lazy these days, basking in the sun at home and not going out to patrol ...”

Lightning and the rest of them were whimpering, looking a little aggrieved.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but laugh. His heart softened and he took out a small bottle of flower petal solution and mixed it with the spatial spirit pond water for them to drink.

In the end, Xia ruofei brought all of them back to the outside world.

As the water in the sea had a lot of salt content, Xia ruofei let the dogs go to his bathroom and gave them a good shower. After they were dry, he let them go downstairs.

The cafeteria must have closed by now. Xia ruofei went straight to the kitchen and found some noodles. He cracked two eggs, took two cabbages from the interspace, and cooked a big bowl of egg noodles.

Xia ruofei, who had been busy the whole afternoon, was famished. The lush green vegetables and the fragrant noodles stimulated his appetite and he finished the big bowl of noodles in no time.

After packing up, Xia ruofei could not wait to go back to his room.

Now that Hu Zi’s mother and Lin Qiao were not living on the farm, Xia ruofei was a little lonely but it was much more convenient for him to do things.

He went back to his room and locked the door and windows. He immediately summoned the spirit map scroll and entered the medium.

Next, he had to clean up the truffles and then measure the exact weight of his harvest.

In order to save time, Xia ruofei used his mental energy to carry the nine plastic boxes in the oak Forest and went to the Archean realm.

Cleaning truffles was also a meticulous job.

Xia ruofei first removed the larger piece of soil from the truffle. Then, he used a small brush to brush off the soil on the surface of the truffle bit by bit. Especially the cracks, which had to be cleaned repeatedly.

The hair of the small brush was very soft, so it wouldn’t hurt the truffle’s skin when cleaning the soil.

This task was a test of patience.

Fortunately, Xia ruofei had enough time and patience.

He moved the stool over and sat down, carefully cleaning the truffles. The cleaned truffles were placed on a large unfolded plastic sheet according to the type and size.

Xia ruofei worked for more than ten hours before he finally finished cleaning all the truffles. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Then he took out a small scale and began to weigh. He also took a book to record the weight. This time, he asked Xia Qing to help. One person was responsible for passing the truffles and recording, while the other person was responsible for weighing.

Soon, all the truffles from this season were calculated. The number made Xia ruofei quite excited.

In total, they had harvested more than 800 pounds of truffles!

This number was several times more than the harvest at the beginning of the year. Of course, this was not the most exciting thing for Xia ruofei.

What he was really overjoyed about was that the truffles he had harvested this year were generally quite large.

At the beginning of the year, there was a giant white truffle weighing 2.05kg, which broke the world record of 1.89kg. It was then auctioned for a sky – High price of 1.25 million US dollars. The person who bought it was the heir of the Italy truffle family, the sexy Monica, who had a one night stand with Xia ruofei.

Xia ruofei’s weighing results showed that the biggest piece of white truffle was 2.98 kilograms. It was just a little bit away from 6 catties. It had broken the record from the beginning of the year.

Xia ruofei could imagine how crazy the auction would be if such a huge piece of white truffle appeared.

As for the price, Xia ruofei could not tell.

What made Xia ruofei even happier was that other than the 2.98 kg white truffle, there were two more white truffles and two black truffles that weighed more than 2.5 kg. If they were to be auctioned at the beginning of the year, they would definitely be the highest bidder.

logo