Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

?

Chapter 1239: Victory in the first battle (2)

Translator: 549690339

Hearing Monica’s unconcealed praise and even a hint of admiration in her tone, Xia ruofei could not help but feel a strong sense of achievement.

“Are you free tonight?” he could not help but blurt out.

Monica couldn’t help but chuckle and said,””My dear, you’re becoming more and more infatuated with me ...”

Xia ruofei coughed awkwardly and said,””It’s not easy to see you. We should treasure our time ...”

“I agree. Then ... I’ll come to you tonight?” Monica giggled.”The moment I think of your body, I’m so excited that I don’t even want to attend the auction ...”

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but sweat. Sister, aren’t you too proactive? It’ll make me feel like I’m being raped by you ...

However, he couldn’t admit defeat in front of a beautiful lady. Hence, Xia ruofei quickly smiled evilly and said,””If you can unlock more positions, you’ll definitely enjoy it more ...”

Monica’s charming blue eyes became even more blurred. She chuckled and said,””That will depend on your ability!”

At this moment, the guest sitting next to Monica was also led to his seat by the staff. The two of them immediately stopped this charming topic and began to talk about the auction in a serious manner.

At 9:30, the auction officially began.

This time, Feng Jing had specially changed the arrangement. She did not go on stage at the opening of the auction. The manager of Hengfeng auction house, Dong Jiajun, had taken her place.

Xia ruofei flipped through the auction schedule. Feng Jing only had a simple speech after the auction.

She really didn’t want to show her face in public, but she couldn’t refuse Xia ruofei’s scoundrels. In the end, this arrangement was a compromise.

Dong Jiajun didn’t give a long speech after he went on stage. He only enthusiastically introduced the situation of the auction items and expressed his gratitude to all the guests and guests who had come to support him today. Then, he invited the gold – Class auctioneer of Hengfeng auction house, Lu zhongguang.

There were 38 pieces of white truffle and 19 pieces of black truffle in the auction.

The largest white truffle weighed 2.75 kilograms, and the black truffle weighed 2.66 kilograms.

There were also 6 pieces of white truffles and 3 pieces of black truffles that were above 2 kilograms. In addition, there were 15 pieces of white truffle and 7 pieces of black truffle between 1 to 2 kilograms. The remaining 16 pieces of white truffles and 8 pieces of black truffles were at least 800 to 900 grams.

It could be said that the truffles being auctioned this time, even if they were the worst, would be considered the best.

The first items up for auction were white truffles and black truffles that were less than one kilogram.

The eight pieces of black truffles were first revealed.

About half of the buyers in this auction were from Europe and the United States, so the auction was settled in the US dollar, the common currency.

The eight pieces of black truffles were auctioned off one by one. The average weight of the eight pieces of black truffles was 800 to 900 grams. The final price was basically more than 4000 dollars. The eight pieces of black truffles brought Xia ruofei a total income of 35000 dollars.

On the other hand, the price of white truffles was obviously much higher.

White truffles of the same weight were more precious than black truffles. In addition, the harvest of white truffles this year was the worst in recent years, which objectively led to the rise in price.

Each of the 16 pieces of white truffle had a starting price of $10000, and the lightest one was 882 grams. This truffle was sold for a high price of $65000, and the other 15 pieces were all sold at the same price.

In the end, the 16 pieces of white truffles were sold for a total of $1.129 million.

This was only the warm – up auction, and the good stuff was yet to come! Even so, Xia ruofei had already made $1.164 million.

Basically, the ones who were bidding were all buyers from the normal section. Although this batch of truffles would definitely be considered the best in any other occasion, in today’s auction, it was only the lowest grade. There were still many bigger truffles that had yet to be revealed, and the special guests who had been invited to the auction would basically not bid at this time.

People of status still had to be reserved.

Blake, who was sitting in the common area, also had a disdainful smile on his face. He didn’t participate in the competition for the truffles.

After the truffles that were less than one kilogram were sold, Lu zhongguang immediately announced the start of the second batch of truffles.

There were too many top – grade truffles in this auction, and now that paradise corporation’s reputation had spread, it could be considered a brand guarantee, so Lu zhongguang rarely kept people in suspense. The entire auction was very tight.

The remaining 11 pieces of black truffles were all arranged to be auctioned in this batch.

Among them, there were seven pieces that weighed between 1 to 2 kilograms, four pieces that weighed more than 2 kilograms, and including the largest piece that weighed 2.66 kilograms.

The price of black truffle had always been much lower than that of white truffle. Even with the sharp decline in production this year, the transaction price of black truffle was still much lower than that of white truffle.

Seven pieces of black truffles that weighed one to two kilograms were sold for a total of 380000 dollars.

The four pieces of black truffles that weighed more than two kilograms brought Xia ruofei a total income of 730000 USD. The 2.66 – kilogram black truffle was sold for 200000 USD, which was far more than the current price of black truffles.

Of course, the black truffle, which had broken the world record in weight alone, could not be priced according to the market price due to its rarity.

Now, all that was left was the auction of the White truffle. The rich and famous who had been uninterested all this time also sat up straight and began to show serious expressions.

Although Blake was still pretending to be indifferent, his eyes that were looking at the stage from time to time revealed his inner thoughts. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

The first item on the auction stage was white truffles between 15 dollars and two kilograms. The starting price of these white truffles was 100000 US dollars.

The first piece of white truffle weighed 1.12 kilograms, and everyone was eager to bid. Soon, the price reached 210000 US dollars.

This was already close to the limit of the price in previous years. However, due to the poor harvest this year, the price might be higher.

The chefs from two Michelin restaurants had also participated in the bidding. Even after the price had reached 210000 dollars, the two of them were still weighing the strategy to increase the price.

After all, if he brought a piece of white truffle back to the restaurant, it would definitely bring a considerable advertising effect, and he would definitely not lose money if he divided it up and sold it in the restaurant.

At this moment, a lazy voice said,”” 250000 dollars!”

The voice came from the ordinary seats. Lu zhongguang was stunned for a moment, but his professionalism made him almost subconsciously look in the direction of the voice. Then, he accurately reported the price.”The gentleman in number 184 bid 250000 dollars!”

It was Blake who was holding the bidding Card No. 184.

Blake’s offer was a bit unreasonable. The price was already close to the ceiling, but he suddenly increased it by 40000 dollars. It was obvious that he was determined to get it.

After he made his bid, he glanced at Xia ruofei. Of course, he did not forget to sneak a glance at Monica. Unfortunately, Monica’s expression did not change at all.

As soon as this bid came out, the people who had been bidding gave up one after another.

Although there were many rich people here, none of them were fools. Besides, there were still more than a dozen white truffles waiting to be auctioned, and there was an even more important finale later on. If they had money, they could buy truffles. No matter how good Blake was, could he get all the truffles in such an unconventional way?

Sitting in the middle of the first row, MA Xiong’s face turned ugly, but he couldn’t do anything about it. Blake had come all the way here uninvited. He was definitely going to make a move at the auction, and he couldn’t stop him.

MA Xiong was worried that Xia ruofei would feel uncomfortable.

Lu zhongguang saw that the buyers present did not seem to have any intention of bidding, so he said without much hesitation,””Is there anyone else who wants to bid higher? 250,000 dollars going once! 250,000 dollars going twice! 250,000 USD, third ...”

Just as Lu zhongguang was speaking and raising the auction hammer, another faint voice came from below the stage.”” 300000 dollars!”

logo