Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

?

Chapter 1243: Chapter 756 – each wave higher than the last (2)

Translator: 549690339

He had also announced that he would donate 10% of the auction proceeds to charity.

The Paradise Corporation had a charity fund under its banner, which was built by Tang Yitian’s large donation. However, in order to avoid suspicion, Xia ruofei decided to donate it to the Hong Kong Charity Association.

Many similar auctions were of a charitable nature, but it was extremely rare to see a one – time donation of 10%.

After all, the White truffles were worth hundreds of thousands of dollars. The heavier truffles could definitely reach millions of dollars.

If there were a lot of them, then 10% would be a lot of money.

Xia ruofei’s words immediately received a warm round of applause, especially the guests and buyers from Hong Kong. They all looked at Xia ruofei with approval.

MA Xiong finally smiled.

Xia ruofei smiled.”Sorry for wasting everyone’s time. Let’s continue with the auction.”

After that, Xia ruofei shot Blake a warning look and then returned the microphone to the staff.

On the stage, Lu zhongguang also understood and said,””Alright, thank you for your generosity, Mr. Xia! Next, we will begin the auction for the third piece of white truffle. This piece of white truffle weighs 1.22 kilograms, and the starting price is 100000 US dollars! Everyone can start bidding!”

After Lu zhongguang said that, everyone subconsciously looked at Blake.

Blake seemed to have suffered a big blow. He sat on the chair with a pale face and didn’t say anything.

The scene was silent for a moment, and everyone realized that the auction seemed to be back on track, so they began to bid.

” 180 thousand dollars!”

” 190 thousand dollars!”

” 200000 dollars!”

......

The price continued to rise, and the final price of the White truffle reached 245000 US dollars.

This was a normal price. Although it was a little more expensive than the general market price for white truffle, it was still within a reasonable range considering the impact of poor harvest and the fact that the single weight of the White truffle was more than one kilogram.

The person who won the bid for the White truffle was the owner and head chef of the Spain Restaurant, Mr. José.

He happened to be sitting on Xia ruofei’s left.

He was also a well – known Michelin star chef. Although the size of his restaurant, Isaac, was not large, and he did not have a chain store, he was famous in the Western food industry. Many old gluttons traveled thousands of miles to try his restaurant.

Although he knew that there were more than two kilograms of truffles to be auctioned, he was well aware that there was still a gap between him and the rich and powerful. Therefore, the most realistic thing was to buy one or two truffles now, which was crucial for the development of the restaurant.

So, after successfully bidding for the White truffle, josé was quite happy.

Xia ruofei politely congratulated him.

“Thank you, Mr. Xia,” josé said with a smile.”I hope you can go to Spain when you have time. I’ll make you a feast!”

“That’s a great honor!” Xia ruofei smiled and said,”I can’t wait to taste the culinary skills of chef Ho sai!”

“This is my name card!” “Mr. Xia,” he said, handing over his business card.”If you’re in Europe, you must contact me!”

“Alright!” Xia ruofei took the name card politely and gave one to Hosai.

The auction was still going on.

Blake seemed to be unable to recover from this setback. He knew that even if he caused trouble, he would not be able to affect Xia ruofei.

Even if he deliberately made a bid and stopped after Xia ruofei raised the price, the most he would do was delay the auction for half a day.

Speaking of losses, Xia ruofei would at most lose some Commission from the auction and 10% of the charity fund, but it would still earn him a good reputation.

Besides, he had already foolishly given Xia ruofei $950000. With this $950000, would Xia ruofei care about the Commission?

Besides, he could not offer too low a price. Otherwise, other buyers would compete with him even without Xia ruofei.

What if he raised the price too high and Xia ruofei refused to accept it? wouldn’t he be a sucker again?

After much consideration, Blake sadly realized that he had no way to deal with Xia ruofei.

Now, he could only place his hopes on the giant white truffles at the end of the auction. If he could get one or two pieces, it would at least be able to offset some of the noise within the family.

However, judging from Xia ruofei’s determination today, it would not be easy for him to successfully bid for it.

In the end, all 13 pieces of white truffles were successfully auctioned off, and Blake didn’t make any more trouble.

The 13 pieces of white truffles brought Xia ruofei a total income of 3.64 million dollars.

Including the US $950000 that Blake had given him, Xia ruofei had made a total of US $4.59 million from the auction of the White truffle. In addition to the earnings from the previous two rounds of auctions, Xia ruofei had made a total of US $6.864 million so far.

And this was before the shooting of more than two kilograms of white truffle had even started.

Furthermore, this was not even a quarter of the truffles that Xia ruofei had harvested this season.

There were a total of seven pieces of white truffles that were more than two kilograms.

The largest piece was 2.75 kilograms. The exact weight of the truffle had never been announced, but everyone guessed that it would definitely break the world record.

This was because the current world record was also held by the truffle from the Paradise Corporation. It was the final item at the auction at the beginning of the year in Qingqing, which weighed 2.05 kilograms.

It was only about two kilograms. Among the items that the peach blossom company had put up for auction this time, there were already seven truffles that were more than two kilograms. It couldn’t be that it couldn’t even exceed 2.05 kilograms!

This was soon proven. The first truffle that was auctioned had already broken the record of the world’s heaviest white truffle at the beginning of the year. This white truffle was the lightest of the seven truffles, but it still weighed 2.09 kilograms!

As soon as the truffle was revealed, it caused an intense fight.

Many rich people from Hong Kong, Europe, and the United States also joined in the bidding. Not everyone was waiting for the final item. There were many rich people present today, and several of them were worth billions of dollars. Now, there were only seven truffles left, and they couldn’t miss any chance. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

In the end, after a fierce competition, the 2.09 kg white truffle was won by the Hong Kong tycoon, Zheng nanian, for 1.33 million US dollars.

It was not considered low to find a price. At the beginning of the year, the 2.05 kg white truffle at the auction in Shen Cheng was bought by Monica, who was next to Xia ruofei, at 1.25 million US dollars. However, that truffle was a world record holder at that time!

This also reflected the scarcity of the best white truffle this year. Mr. Nian from the Zheng family was so happy that he could not close his mouth. Xia ruofei was also very happy. It seemed that this season’s truffle would earn him a lot of money.

Blake was even more upset when he saw that each of Xia ruofei’s truffles was sold at such a high price. At the same time, he was also very envious when he saw the huge white truffle on the stage. He wanted to bid, but he was worried that Xia ruofei would raise the price. He was in a dilemma.

While Blake was hesitating, the White truffles that were more than two kilograms were sold one by one.

The truffles that were presented were arranged from the lowest to the highest in weight, and because there were fewer and fewer things, the final price of the truffles was also higher.

In the end, with the 1.33 million dollars from the first piece, the total price of the six white truffles reached 8.58 million dollars!

There were a few times when Blake wanted to bid, but Xia ruofei would turn around and glance at him as if she had sensed something. Blake was immediately scared and sat down in his seat, gritting his teeth. However, he could do nothing.

At this time, the auction finally came to the final segment.

The final white truffle was placed on a large tray covered with a red silk cloth. Two staff members carried it and placed it on the auction stage ...

logo