Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Chapter 129: Chapter 126 wild ginseng

Xia ruofei followed his senses and slowly walked to the edge of the space. In front of him was a layer of green membrane, and the invisible connection seemed to be even stronger. Xia ruofei closed his eyes and tried to sense it. Gradually, this feeling became clearer. Xia ruofei vaguely felt that there was another layer of space outside the membrane, and he had a spiritual connection with it. However, perhaps because the evolution this time was incomplete, this mental connection was always vague. The specific situation in outer space was always like a fog, unable to be clearly sensed. However, this discovery still made Xia ruofei extremely excited. A nested space outside the space? The current spirit map space had already given Xia ruofei too many surprises. What kind of surprise would the space outside bring him? The evolution this time was obviously not complete. If he continued to absorb Jade and reached the level of complete evolution, would he be able to open this space? Also, would the spiritual fruit on that nameless plant also mature? Xia ruofei’s heart was filled with excitement. At this time, he was completely immersed in the joy of continuous exploration. Xia ruofei felt that he had never been so eager to make money. He took a deep breath to calm himself down, and then began to think about how to earn a large sum of money in a short time to exchange for Jade. If it really didn’t work, he could only gamble on stones again. If they bought a good raw stone, they would not dissect it on the spot, but bring it back for the spirit map space to absorb. Of course, Xia ruofei did not plan to do so unless he had no other choice. When Xia ruofei’s eyes fell on the Phoebe zhennan forest, an idea suddenly flashed through his mind. He quickly walked to the largest Aurelia tree that had been transplanted. The last time he had entered the spirit map space, Xia ruofei had already noticed that the ginseng that he had planted seemed to grow very quickly. Under these Phoebe zhennan trees, one could see many green compound leaves, especially under the largest one, where three or four of them were quite tall. Xia ruofei had done some research on the internet before he started to sow the seeds. He knew that the price of authentic, high – Quality wild ginseng was very high and it was extremely rare. If he brought it to an old Chinese medicine shop, it would definitely be bought at a high price. Thinking of this, Xia ruofei couldn’t help but feel tempted. But he wasn’t sure. After all, the ginseng had only been planted for a month. According to the time flow, they had only been growing in the space for about two years. How much could two years of ginseng be worth? Of course, it could not be counted that way. After all, the spiritual Qi in the space was rich. Even without the effect of time flow, the growth speed of crops was far faster than the outside world. Furthermore, Xia ruofei had watered the plants with a certain amount of petal solution. He would usually bring in the spiritual pond water from the spatial space to water the plants. Therefore, it was really difficult to judge to what extent it would actually grow to. Xia ruofei thought for a long time and decided to sell the ginseng for money. However, since he had already decided, he felt that he really couldn’t dig it out immediately. To be on the safe side, Xia ruofei used a petal to make a bottle of solution. Then, he picked three ginseng that were growing the best and poured the petal solution on them. Then, Xia ruofei left the space in a flash. Xia ruofei stayed in the outside world for an entire day. He only returned to his room after lunch the next day and locked the door and windows. He then took out the spirit map and entered the medium. Once he entered the spirit map space, Xia ruofei ran straight to the Phoebe zhennan tree. He found that the three ginsengs that had been watered with the petal solution had grown a lot, and there were even many red seeds on the top. They stood out among the sea of ginsengs. Whether this petal was worth it or not would depend on the quality of the ginseng. Xia ruofei wasn’t worried about the quality at all. As long as it was something produced in the spirit map space, it would never be of poor quality. The only thing he was worried about was the age. He would only know if he dug it out. Xia ruofei found a shovel and carefully dug into the soil near the ginseng’s roots. Of course, he only used a shovel in the beginning. After digging a little, he changed to digging with his bare hands. This was because he had checked the information and knew that the roots of the expensive wild ginseng were intact. Otherwise, the price would be greatly reduced. Therefore, this was a task that tested one’s patience. Xia ruofei had no lack of patience. He used his fingers to dig out the ginseng bit by bit until the whole ginseng was out. The main root of the ginseng was about 12 to 13 centimeters long and as thick as a thumb. The lower part had two main roots, forming a human – shaped cylinder. The root was very long and thin, two to three times the size of the main root. There were many protruding dots on the top of the root, like small pearls decorating it. Xia ruofei had only looked up some basic information on the internet and did not know what Grade A ginseng could be. However, it seemed to be much smaller than what he had expected. However, Xia ruofei did not hesitate and immediately started to poach the second one. In the end, all three ginsengs were dug out, and the size and weight were almost the same. Xia ruofei carefully cleaned the soil on the roots and placed the three ginsengs side by side on the ground in the interspace. He was looking for dried ginsengs as if he was buying them in a pharmacy. Xia ruofei did this so that they could dry naturally in the interspace. He left the medium and went back to his room to check on the Chinese medicine stores in Sanshan city. He found out that there was a branch of Tongren Tang in Sanshan city, on Huben road in the Bell Tower District. Xia ruofei immediately decided to go to Tongren Tang to sell ginseng. Tongren Hall was a hundred – year – old brand, and its reputation was still guaranteed. He stayed in the outside world for two to three hours. When he returned to the space, the three ginsengs had become smaller again. They were dry and hard inside and outside, and the water should have been mostly discharged. Hence, Xia ruofei took the ginseng back to his room and sealed them in a plastic bag. Then, he found three similar – sized long paper boxes and packed them. Xia ruofei put the three boxes into his bag and picked up the key to the Knight XV on the computer table. He went downstairs and drove straight to San Shan city. Xia ruofei found Tongren Hall on Huben road in the Bell Tower District on the car navigation system. After setting up the route, he drove all the way to the city. Along the way, the wild and domineering Knight XV attracted a lot of attention, especially after entering the city. The huge monster – Class SUV drove through the traffic, giving a strong visual impact. Many drivers couldn’t help but take photos of Xia ruofei’s car with their phones. After Xia ruofei parked his car at Tongren Hall, he took his bag and walked in. When they arrived at the counter, a young salesgirl asked politely,””Sir, what medicine do you need?” Xia ruofei took out a paper box from his bag and placed it on the counter. He smiled and asked,””Do you accept ginseng here?”