Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

?

Chapter 1290: Bojun real estate (2)

Translator: 549690339

On the other hand, Xia ruofei provided a batch of baby stingers every month. Once the market was opened, there would be a steady stream of baby stingers for sale every month, becoming a stable income.

Xia ruofei had also handed the Taoyuan Da Hong Pao to ye Lingyun.

With the help of the Jade skin cream, the sales of Taoyuan Da Hong Pao on the internet were also quite good. Especially after the first batch of users of Da Hong Pao drank it, the evaluation was quite high.

In the flagship store of the heavenly cat, the Taoyuan Da Hong Pao always had a good rating of 100%. Moreover, there were many people who followed it. Many people could not help but comment on their feelings after drinking it. These following comments were all words of praise without exception.

The internet had amplified the effect of word of mouth, and with the large number of returning customers, the Taoyuan Da Hong Pao was already in a state of supply falling short.

Hence, Xia ruofei provided another batch of Tea green tea leaves for ye Lingyun and the rest to speed up the production.

Xia ruofei even took the opportunity to inspect the pharmaceutical factory.

Under Xue Jinshan’s management, the pharmaceutical factory was also in good order.

Now that the new production line had been tested and put into production, the production of jaded skin cream did not need to occupy the production line of the heart – nourishing soup.

The pharmaceutical factory had recruited a lot of new workers, and they started working after their pre – Post training.

Now, the production line of the Jade skin cream had not stopped except for the weekly routine maintenance. The workers were in three shifts.

Xue Jinshan had even adjusted the teams to ensure that every team had experienced veterans. He would bring along the new employees so that they could gain experience as soon as possible.

Another thing that made Xia ruofei very happy was that the heart – nourishing soup was finally going into production.

The clinical trials had been successfully completed, and after the Wei family planning Commission’s review, the heart – nourishing soup had been officially listed as a guiding drug for the treatment of autism. Even though it had not been officially listed on the market yet, the manufacturing factory had already received orders from many hospitals.

Although not many people in society knew about the great success of the heart – nourishing soup’s clinical trial, it was no secret in the industry.

The treatment of autism was a world – wide problem. It had always been mainly based on behavior correction, so that people with autism could have the basic ability to take care of themselves. There was no medicine that could treat it.

Many general hospitals and specialist hospitals in the country were very interested in the heart – nourishing soup. In addition, the news of the heart – nourishing soup being listed as a guided drug had spread like wildfire, so many hospitals could not help but take the initiative to place orders. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

This was a miracle in the medical industry.

In the past, it was always the sales representatives who went to the hospital every day to curry favor with the superiors. It was not uncommon for them to send cars, houses, and women to the hospital so that the hospital could use their products more.

But for the heart nourishing soup, it was the complete opposite.

Originally, Xue Jinshan had suggested not to hold a new product launch with great fanfare. His reason was simple. The Xuanji heart – nourishing soup was already quite famous in the industry, and its production was limited now. Even the orders from the hospitals in the early stage were enough for them to digest for a while.

However, Xia ruofei did not take Xue Jinshan’s suggestion.

He decided on the spot that he would hold a press conference in the near future.

The scale didn’t need to be as big as the jaded skin cream press conference, but some heavyweight media must be invited. In addition, there must be a live broadcast online.

Xia ruofei’s considerations were naturally higher than Xue Jinshan ‘s.

At most, Xue Jinshan was only thinking about the problem from the perspective of the pharmaceutical factory, while Xia ruofei was thinking about the brand layout of the entire peach blossom company.

The heart – nourishing soup was undoubtedly an epoch – making medicine. It could also be said to be a medicine with boundless merit.

This would be very beneficial in shaping the positive brand image of paradise Corporation.

Now, because of the Jade skin cream, peach blossom company was quite popular on the internet. Now that they launched the heart – nourishing soup, the number of people who paid attention to it would definitely be more than before.

When everyone understood the effects of the heart – nourishing soup, especially when it was used on children with autism in major hospitals, it would bring a huge reputation to the Paradise Corporation, and it would definitely be a good review.

On the other hand, Xia ruofei also hoped to let more people know the effects of the heart – nourishing soup as soon as possible so that more children with autism could be cured.

As for the production capacity, Xia ruofei did not think too much about it. It was nothing more than increasing the production line, which would not cost much.

Hence, Xia ruofei immediately asked Xue Jinshan to start preparing for the press conference. He was going to let Xue Jinshan take charge of the entire press conference and not trouble Feng Jing with everything.

The next step was to set up a subsidiary company. Xia ruofei also had the intention to observe. There was no problem with Xue Jinshan’s enthusiasm for work and he was professional. However, Xia ruofei still wanted to see how good his management and coordination skills were.

The subsidiary would have its own structure and independent financial accounting. Being the boss of the subsidiary and leading the technical team in public relations were two completely different concepts. Whether Xue Jinshan could take up the role was still unknown.

Xue Jinshan didn’t know that he had stepped into an invisible test field. After taking down a few key points that Xia ruofei had instructed him to, he immediately threw himself into the preparation of the proposal for the press conference.

After two to three days, Feng Jing called Xia ruofei. Qianqian and bojun real estate contacted Feng Jing several times. Feng Jing was worried that if they continued to be so reserved, they would give up on the deal with the Paradise company and look for other buyers.

Xia ruofei agreed after a moment of silence. He asked Feng Jing to contact the other party and they would meet in a day or two.

Xia ruofei sat on the villa’s balcony, smoking as he furrowed his brows in deep thought.

He also attached great importance to this acquisition. After all, it involved hundreds of millions of funds. Once the acquisition was successful, paradise company would have all the property rights of the building, which would be much more convenient in the future.

After finishing his cigarette, Xia ruofei picked up his phone and made a few calls.

“Uncle Liang, it’s me, RUO Fei...Brother Liang’s performance in Australia is very good! Elder Tang even specifically mentioned it to me...Haha, you’re too kind. Oh right, there’s something I need to ask you, are you familiar with the situation at bojun real estate?”

“Liu Zhe, it’s brother Xia ... You haven’t been messing around recently, have you? Your kidney needs some good nourishment ... Haha! Let’s talk business, help me gather some information ...”

......

Other than the first call to Liang Weimin, the owner of jianda group, Xia ruofei called the other good – for – nothing friends that Song Wei had introduced to him last time.

Liang Weimin was in the real estate industry, so he naturally knew a lot about the situation of some companies in the industry.

As for the young masters like Liu Zhe, their other abilities might be average, but their ability to get news was definitely incomparable to ordinary people.

Especially Liu Zhe. His father was the leader of the provincial SASAC, and the bojun real estate project was originally a cooperation with the power construction Group. He would definitely be able to get some inside information.

They did not disappoint Xia ruofei. The next day, a lot of news came to Xia ruofei.

Xia ruofei roughly organized his thoughts and had a rough idea of the negotiation with bojun real estate.

Bojun real estate had arranged to meet in the afternoon.

Xia ruofei and Feng Jing took a Mercedes – Benz to the city. They did not drive themselves. Instead, they chose a good driver from the security team. Liu Qian followed them and sat in the front passenger seat. They were going to discuss a big project that was worth hundreds of millions. A driver and an assistant were the standard. Otherwise, the other party would look down on them.

The meeting place was at the bojun building in the Bell Tower District.

When Xia ruofei got out of the car, he smiled and said,””Boss Feng, I think this building is not bad! Why don’t we save up some money and buy it ...”

Feng Rao couldn’t help but burst into laughter.”Chairman, you’re not awake yet, are you? This was the headquarters of bojun real estate, the company’s symbol! Unless he was on the verge of bankruptcy, he would never sell it! If they sell this building, how would the bank dare to loan them money?”

“You don’t say.” Xia ruofei shrugged.”If it wasn’t for the lack of funds, we really could’ve bought this building ...”

Based on what he knew, bojun real estate’s financial situation was far more severe than what the outside world had said.

However, Xia ruofei was just making a comment. Their goal today was still the balance power building that they had just bought. If everything went well, they could change its name to “paradise building” in the near future ...

logo