Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 14: Cuttage

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Xia Ruofei flipped his hand and a dagger flashed.

Anyone who knew what was going on here would be surprised—the dagger was clearly one of the top ten military daggers in the world.

The blade of this dagger was short and looked like a kitchen knife. It looked a little simple. However, there was a terrifying killing intent hidden under this plain appearance. There was also a faint coldness on the blade. It was obvious that it had been stained with blood before.

Xia Ruofei looked at the dagger in his hand with a reminiscent look in his eyes. This was the reward he had obtained after killing a mercenary employed by an international drug trafficking organization during his first overseas battle. It was also the first time in his military career that he had personally killed an enemy.

After that, this dagger had accompanied Xia Ruofei and experienced many battles. In many close combat battles, Xia Ruofei relied on this dagger to cleanly finish off his enemies.

Looking at the dagger, Xia Ruofei said with a wry smile.

“Buddy, you’re supposed to be a killing blade, but now I have to use you for gardening. It’s been hard on you…”

With that, Xia Ruofei first gestured with the dagger in the air in front of the White-skinned Moon Realm, then slashed down without hesitation.

He was still very decisive when he swung it, and the blade was extremely stable and did not tremble at all—when his condition was not acting up, he was still the Blood Wolf that made his enemies tremble in fear.

However, once the illness acted up, he would not even be able to hold a glass of water steadily…

The dagger cut precisely along the pre-observed angle, and a piece of rhizome with dreamy leaves was cut.

Xia Ruofei cut it diagonally. This way, he could increase the area of the cut surface as much as possible and increase the success rate of the cuttage. Of course, this was all information found on the Internet.

Xia Ruofei picked up the small piece of root that had been cut and gently inserted it face down into the small flower pot. Then, he reached out and grabbed a handful of plant material that had been mixed into the space soil and piled them around the root, gently pressing it.

Then, Xia Ruofei picked up the watering can filled with water from the spiritual pond and poured it over the roots that had just been inserted.

Then, Xia Ruofei did the same thing for the other plants. His movements became more and more proficient. In half a day, he had finished inserting all the succulents.

There were hundreds of small flower pots neatly arranged beside him. They were all small plants that he had cut from the roots of the succulents.

Xia Ruofei looked at the neat rows of small flower pots. Large amounts of money seemed to be appearing in his eyes.

In the market, slightly better succulents cost hundreds of yuan, and it was very normal for rare species to cost thousands.

The succulents that Xia Ruofei had inserted were all very precious and rare species. Moreover, they were cultivated from asexual reproduction and could almost perfectly replicate the characteristics of the previous generation. Coupled with the magical Spiritual Map Space abilities, their quality would definitely be top-notch in the future.

Therefore, these 100 pots of succulents were worth at least 100,000 yuan.

And this was the first batch.

When the mature succulents had grown back, the cuttage could continue.

Furthermore, Xia Ruofei had made up his mind to leave behind some especially outstanding seedlings among the succulent seedlings to be cultivated into mature plants. This way, the scale of his “succulent army” could be further expanded.

However, the succulents that had been cut looked rather miserable. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

The originally chubby and cute plants were now covered in wounds. It was as if beautiful women with beautiful hair had been shaved by a hairdresser. Especially the pots of succulents that had been cultivated from saplings, only a small piece was left.

If it was in an ordinary environment, the mature plant would basically not be able to survive after being cut to this extent. Moreover, the success rate of inserting the seedlings was very low. The seedlings might not even survive, so it was impossible for most people to do this.

However, Xia Ruofei naturally did not have such concerns.

After he finished inserting, he carefully brought over the spiritual pond water and watered the mature succulent plant. At the same time, he specially sprinkled some spiritual pond water on every incision. Then, he stood up with relief and rubbed his sore waist.

These originally listless succulents quickly became energetic after absorbing the spiritual water. In particular, the wounds that were originally dripping with green juice were now showing signs of healing.

Seeing this, Xia Ruofei was completely relieved.

The Spiritual Map Space was no longer as lifeless as before.

More than a hundred flower pots were neatly placed beside the small pond. They were all succulent plants, including the mature plant and the seedlings that had just been planted.

Beyond that area, there was a small vegetable field with green cucumbers hanging on a shelf. There were also various vegetables and fruits planted in the field that could be harvested almost every day.

Beside the vegetable field were neatly stacked baskets. There were all kinds of vegetables and fruits in them, which Xia Ruofei did not have time to finish eating.

These fruits and vegetables were all the same as when they were first picked. They were very fresh, as if time had frozen on them.

Of course, there was also a strange-looking plant by the pond. There was also a beautiful three-colored flower on it that never withered. This was something that already existed in the space. Every time Xia Ruofei entered the space, he could not help but admire it for a while.

The nameless flower seemed to have a magical attracting power that made Xia Ruofei involuntarily approach it.

As long as Xia Ruofei stayed beside this nameless plant and looked at the beautiful flower, it was as if his heart would become extremely calm and he would be extremely relaxed.

He even brought a small plastic stool into the space and placed it beside the plant. Every time he sat on the stool, he quietly admired the tricolor flower.

That day, after Xia Ruofei finished his cuttage work, he naturally walked towards the mysterious plant again. This was almost a compulsory task for him every time he entered the space.

However, something unexpected happened that day.

Just as Xia Ruofei approached the nameless plant, his feet suddenly went limp. Ever since he had Lou Gehrig’s disease, Xia Ruofei had often experienced this state of weakness in his limbs. However, this time, perhaps because he had worked for too long and was caught off guard, he could not help but stagger forward.

This step just happened to trip the plastic stool. Xia Ruofei lost his balance and fell towards the nameless plant.

The nameless plant was only as thick as a thumb. If he landed on it, it would probably break.

Xia Ruofei loved this nameless plant very much, especially that beautiful tricolor flower. Naturally, he did not want this to happen.

Being well-trained in the troops also allowed him to react faster than most people. He almost subconsciously tried to turn his body to the side, causing his fall to deviate slightly as he lost his balance.

It was this slight shift that allowed him to avoid the stem of the nameless plant.

However, his head could not avoid it. His head touched a branch hanging from the nameless plant.

The branch was where the mysterious tri-colored flower was hanging from.

Xia Ruofei’s heart skipped a beat. Ignoring the pain in his body, he suddenly turned around and his expression changed. He saw that the branches were shaking non-stop, and the three petals of the tricolor flower had all fallen off and were falling to the ground…