Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 132: Chapter 129 – another universe (1)

[Important Notice] officially opening a VIP Reader group. Group number: 295848872, to enter the group, you need to verify the screenshot of the full order. Brothers and sisters who have fully booked the chat, please hurry up and join the group! After locking the door and windows in his bedroom, Xia ruofei could not wait to summon the painting scroll from his palm. He opened the bag full of jades and grabbed a handful of jadeite, letting the painting absorb it. The two million Yuan worth of Jade was almost completely absorbed in just a few minutes. When there were only three or four pieces of jade left in his bag, Xia ruofei could clearly feel that the spiritual connection between the spirit map and his body had suddenly become much closer. He could also feel that there seemed to be a qualitative change in the space. Xia ruofei was overjoyed. He quickly absorbed the remaining three or four pieces of jade into the spirit map space. Then, he entered the space in a flash. After entering the spirit map space, Xia ruofei felt that the spiritual Qi was much denser. The feeling of relaxation even made him unwilling to return to the outside world. The other obvious feeling was that the spatial zone had expanded. Although the spatial zone had expanded to the point that Xia ruofei could not see it directly, he could still tell from the size of the spatial spirit pond. He took out the tape measure that he had prepared in advance and measured the diameter of the spatial spirit pond. Eight meters! According to the rules of the previous evolutions, this was an important sign that the realm had completed its evolution this time. From the looks of it, the size of the space should have expanded to about eight acres. In fact, Xia ruofei’s connection with the spirit map space was already very close. Just like when the space had just finished evolving, he could feel it. It was just that when he entered the space, he confirmed this conclusion through various evidence. Xia ruofei went to the nameless plant. What he was most concerned about was the newly appeared spirit fruit. Xia ruofei took a closer look and immediately revealed a happy expression. The fruit had turned from green to dark red and was emitting an alluring fragrance. It was obvious that it had ripened. As for the petals of the strange flower, there was still no increase. Xia ruofei had already picked the last petal. Today was the third day and the strange flower had grown again. There were still five petals, no more and no less. However, Xia ruofei was not disappointed. He believed that the value of this fruit would far exceed that of the petals. Xia ruofei stood in front of the nameless plant and started to worry again. Xia ruofei was hesitating whether he should pick it or not. After much thought, Xia ruofei decided to take it down. He wanted to test if the fruit would grow back after a while like the petals of a strange flower! Xia ruofei was very cautious when he decided to pick it. He found a new Tupperware and covered it with a thick layer of medical gauze. Then, he placed the Tupperware under the fruit with one hand and used a pair of small scissors with the other hand to gently cut off the small branch with the fruit. The dark red fruit fell on the medical gauze in the Tupperware. Throughout the entire process, Xia ruofei did not touch the fruit with his hands. He was afraid that it would be absorbed by his body the moment he touched it, just like the petals of the strange flower. This fruit was obviously much more precious than the petals of the wondrous flower. Xia ruofei would definitely not be willing to use it so easily. Who knew when it would be of great use! He carefully closed the container, then picked all the petals of the flower and put them in another container. Now, he already had seventeen petals. After putting the two containers away carefully, Xia ruofei walked excitedly to the place where he had sensed something last time. In fact, when Xia ruofei entered the space today, that feeling was even stronger. He followed the feeling and slowly walked to the expanded space membrane and tried to communicate with it with his mind. The wonderful feeling appeared again, and this time it was much clearer than three days ago. Xia ruofei closed his eyes and tried to give an order. There was a slight pulling force. When Xia ruofei opened his eyes, he realized that he was no longer in the original space. Of course, it was not in the outside world. This was clearly another independent space. Xia ruofei was standing on a patch of green grass. He estimated that the space was much wider than the original spirit map. As far as the eye could see, in addition to this grassland, there was a small hill in the distance. At the foot of the hill, there was a small stream winding around the mountain, flowing into a small lake about one mu in size. Xia ruofei raised his head and looked up. There was a green halo above him. He did not know how high he was from the ground, but there was an obvious difference between the sky and the outside world. He walked straight to the small hill. The highest point of the hill was only about ten meters from the ground. From afar, it looked like a big bun. When they reached the foot of the hill, Xia ruofei first crouched down by the stream. He cupped some water from the stream with both hands and took a few sips. He realized that the stream water tasted exactly the same as the water from the spatial spirit pond. Xia ruofei looked at the upstream of the stream. The winding stream had appeared out of thin air from the space membrane. Xia ruofei had a thoughtful look on his face. He felt that this stream was related to the spatial spirit pond. Perhaps they had the same origin. Then, Xia ruofei walked around the hill. When he was halfway there, his eyes suddenly focused and his pace suddenly quickened. He saw a stone tablet at the foot of a small hill not far away. This was Xia ruofei’s first time seeing an artificial object after obtaining the spirit map space. Xia ruofei’s heart was a little agitated as he carefully approached the stone tablet. Looking at it up close, Xia ruofei was even more certain that it was not formed naturally because there were obvious knife and axe marks on it. It was definitely man – made. The stone tablet looked gray and was made of an unknown stone. There were obvious traces of chiseling on it, but Xia ruofei looked at it from top to bottom a few times but could not see any writing. This was a wordless monument. Xia ruofei looked at it for a long time but could not figure it out. He smiled bitterly. Then, he carefully reached out his hand to the stone tablet. Xia ruofei placed the back of his hand gently on the stone tablet. At this moment, he was also full of vigilance. Once he realized that something was wrong, he would immediately stop. The stone tablet was cold, and there was nothing strange about it. However, Xia ruofei’s sharp senses still detected that when his hand touched the stone tablet, there was a spiritual connection between him and the stone tablet. It was similar to the connection between him and the spirit map. However, the connection was very weak and did not provide Xia ruofei with any useful information. Xia ruofei sighed and retracted his hand. It seemed like he could only wait for the next evolution of the space. He could faintly feel that this stone tablet that had suddenly appeared in space was something very important. Xia ruofei looked around in confusion. He couldn’t figure out what was so special about this new space. It was also filled with dense spiritual energy, and it was also a small space, so why did it have to be divided into two? Xia ruofei compared the two spaces one by one in his heart, trying to find out the intention of the original creator of the spirit map scroll. Suddenly, an idea came to Xia ruofei’s mind. He thought of a possibilityFOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com