Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

?

Chapter 1337: Inspiring people (1)

Translator: 549690339

In the conference room of paradise Corporation.

Xia ruofei sat in the middle. The management of paradise Corporation, from Feng Jing to the directors and managers of various departments, as well as the people in charge of the farm and the pharmaceutical factory, were all present.

Feng Jing and the others were in a very good mood. Recently, there had been a lot of good news about paradise Corporation. The jaded skin cream had become popular all over the country, the top – grade abalone and truffles had become famous in Hong Kong, and the sales of Paradise Red robe had been rising steadily. Two days ago, they had made another business deal worth 100 million Yuan. Soon, the expensive Chinese perch would be listed on the market for sale. In addition, the company had also bought an entire office building in the city center, and soon, their headquarters would be moving to the city. All of this was good news.

The meeting was hosted by Feng Jing, and the leaders of each department first reported on their work in their respective fields.

The peach Garden vegetable production that Cao tieshu was in charge of was basically full. Every month, the sales reached more than 10 million Yuan. Under Cao tieshu’s management, the modern greenhouse was in good order and became a very stable source of income for the farm.

Similar agricultural products enterprises, even if the scale was ten times that of Taoyuan farm, it was not easy to generate a monthly revenue of more than ten million in vegetable sellers. Taoyuan farm’s vegetable greenhouse could achieve this result mainly because of the high unit price.

The price of the vegetables in paradise was generally ten times or even dozens of times that of ordinary vegetables.

Furthermore, even with such an expensive price, the supply would always be in a state where the demand exceeded the supply. As the saying goes, you get what you pay for. As the income level of the people increased, they would naturally not be satisfied with just surviving. The pursuit of a better quality of life had become the lifestyle of more and more people.

Of course, Xia ruofei had no intention of expanding the scale of vegetable cultivation.

On the one hand, compared to his other industries, the profit of vegetables was still relatively low. Moreover, if he expanded the scale, the demand for seeds would increase sharply, which was not worth it.

On the other hand, the farms in Australia were larger in scale, and their profits were obviously higher. In contrast, domestic farms might be a good choice in the early stages of development, but now it was not the case.

Of course, the current scale would continue to be maintained, and it was necessary for the Paradise Corporation to maintain the diversity of its products.

Other than the routine maintenance, the production line of the Jade skin cream at the pharmaceutical factory was basically running at full capacity, with three shifts of production. Coupled with the purchase restriction policy, the production capacity of the Jade skin cream was basically enough to meet the demand.

In terms of revenue, it actually depended on the purchase policy and production capacity.

If the production capacity could keep up and they could buy it freely, the revenue of the jaded skin cream alone from the manufacturing factory would be amazing.

The current situation was that it was open to purchase about twice a month, which had reached a revenue of more than 200 million Yuan. In paradise corporation’s product line, it was definitely a celebrity product.

There was still good news from the manufacturing factory. The preparations for the heart – nourishing soup to be launched on the market were basically completed. This was the first drug produced by the Paradise company in the truest sense of the word. It had also gone through strict approval and clinical trials before it was launched. Moreover, it had quite an important social significance. To the majority of children with autism, it was no doubt a great blessing.

Xia ruofei also attached great importance to this. He instructed Xue Jinshan to do a good job at the news conference of the heart – nourishing soup and increase the production in the follow – up production. Even if he had to temporarily sacrifice some production of the Jushi ointment, he had to do his best to ensure an adequate supply of the heart – nourishing soup.

In order to allow more children with autism to be able to afford the medicine, the pricing strategy had been lowered as much as possible. Therefore, in terms of profit, the jaded skin cream was more than a hundred times more expensive than the heart nourishing soup. However, Xia ruofei did not care about the temporary loss of money.

This was a good thing to do. Even if it did not earn him any money, Xia ruofei would still prioritize the production of the heart – nourishing soup.

The sales of the other stores, including the peach blossom Da Hong Pao, were also rising steadily. Xia ruofei was supplying tea leaves regularly, and this area was gradually on the right track. As for projects with huge profits like iron dukedom and aweto, needless to say, the situation was definitely good.

After Xia ruofei heard this, he expressed his approval of everyone’s work and continued,””Everyone has worked hard in the past period of time, especially those present here. They are the backbone of our company and have made great contributions. I’ve discussed it with director Feng a few days ago, and we’re preparing to give everyone some benefits during the relocation of the company’s headquarters!”

When Xia ruofei mentioned the welfare, everyone was overjoyed. They knew how generous their boss was. If he said it personally, it must be a big deal!

Xia ruofei smiled and continued,””As I don’t have any plans to go public in the near future, I won’t be giving you empty promises like the options. I’m prepared to give you a portion of the profits as dividends. As for the specific amount and restrictions, CEO Feng is currently working on it, but it will be linked to your contribution in general!”

Xia ruofei’s words were like a stone that stirred up a thousand ripples. Everyone’s heart could not help but surge with emotions. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

The Chief Financial Officer, pang Hao, had just reported the company’s financial situation.

Now, because of the Jade skin cream, the company’s monthly revenue was almost over 300 million Yuan, and the profit margin was very high.

If they were to take out a portion of the profits as dividends, even if it was only one point, it would still be a huge amount of wealth!

Xia ruofei smiled and said,”I hope that everyone here will continue to work hard and continue to contribute to the company’s development!” I’m also looking forward to the day when we can be like Ali and have dozens of billionaires! I believe that as long as we work together, this day will not be far away. Do you have the confidence?”

logo