Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

?

Chapter 1339: The arrival of the luxury tour group (1)

Translator: 549690339

Under the stimulation of the bonus rewards, the originally very efficient team of paradise Corporation started to operate quickly. Everyone performed their own duties and invested in the marketing of pomfrets.

Jiang Hua was in charge of the quick freeze experiment, while Xiao Qiang personally led the marketing team to start contact with e – commerce.

The design team also began to prepare the information in an orderly manner. This information about the pomfrets could be used for the e – commerce flagship store’s product information, and at the same time, it could be used when they asked the Internet Water Army to write a soft article in the future.

Feng Jing, on the other hand, focused on the personnel structure adjustment, the distribution plan, and the preparatory work for the relocation of the headquarters.

In addition to maintaining the production of the jaded skin cream, Xue Jinshan also began to shift his focus to the production of the heart – nourishing soup and the release of new products.

After receiving the money from Tongren Hall, Feng Jing immediately arranged for the finance department to settle the payment for the building with bojun real estate. She also sent professionals to complete the transfer and acceptance of the property.

Then, he contacted the company in charge of the renovation of the new headquarters and re – planned the entire building.

All of bojun’s properties were rented out, and they would remain in their original state before the lease expired. Of course, the rent would be collected by the Paradise Corporation after the property was transferred.

The Paradise Corporation had also specially gathered the tenants for a meeting and expressed that they would not renew the lease after it expired. This was to give them a heads – up and let them find an office in advance. Of course, if one wanted to terminate their contract in advance, the Paradise Corporation could handle it immediately.

According to Xia ruofei’s plan, the functions of the new headquarters of the peach blossom company would remain unchanged for the time being. The original floors of bojun real estate would be temporarily idle after renovation and would no longer be rented out.

This was because the future development of the Paradise Corporation would definitely not be slow. With more and more manpower, the demand for office space would also increase. At that time, these idle floors could slowly be used. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

Now that paradise corporation’s financial situation was very healthy, they didn’t need to earn this rent. Although the office building in the city center was also very expensive, Xia ruofei was more concerned about the convenience of the company’s future use.

Everyone in paradise Corporation was full of energy and busy with their own work.

On the other hand, Xia ruofei himself was the usual hands – off boss when he delegated the work.

Zhao Yongjun’s group of six or seven people were scheduled to fly to the three mountains the day after tomorrow.

Xia ruofei instructed the logistics staff to prepare the reception room in the mixed – use complex first. Then, he called Ling Qingxue and told her that a few friends from Beijing would be coming over in a few days. He asked her to find time to meet everyone. At the same time, he reserved a large private room at Ling Ji private kitchen and prepared the secret Buddha Jumps Over the Wall and other signature dishes in advance.

The first result was the frozen pomfrets experiment. The peach blossom company had a ready – made cold storage with very new equipment, which was usually used to store peach blossom vegetables.

The company had decided on an expensive price of 3888 RMB at a meeting. Jiang Hua did not want to waste it, so he only used two pomfrets. The pomfrets were frozen for two days before they were unfrozen. This was the fastest speed in the current logistics conditions. If it was refrigerated transportation, under the premise that the air Resources were guaranteed, it could theoretically reach most parts of the country in two days.

The defrosted Chinese perch was immediately sent to the cafeteria of paradise Corporation.

The cooking method of steamed Pomfret was not complicated. After Su Yu made it once that day, Cao tieshu’s wife had basically learned it. Although the heat control might not be as good as Su Yu ‘s, it was still no problem to test the quality of the Pomfret.

Jiang Hua invited Xia ruofei and Feng Rao to the canteen.

Everyone had tried the steamed kun fish cooked with fresh kun fish a few days ago. Today, they compared it and felt that it was the most intuitive feeling.

The result was gratifying. The Pomfret’s meat was fresh and tender, and the taste was excellent. Even the jelly – like scales were basically the same as when the pomfrets were cooked.

Basically, one wouldn’t be able to tell the difference just by tasting it with one’s tongue.

This was the only thing that Xia ruofei was worried about. After the experiment, he was finally able to relax.

It seemed that as long as the low temperature during the transportation process was guaranteed, the quick – freezing sales plan of the beluga was completely feasible.

Xia ruofei praised Jiang Hua’s work and asked him to keep the beluga farm running, especially the latest batch of beluga that was about to be sold on the market. He had to take good care of them and be ready to ship them out after freezing them.

If there was a problem with this batch of pomfrets, the next batch of pomfrets would have to wait until at least the next month, and the marketing team’s overtime work would be wasted.

Jiang Hua also knew how important it was to make the first shot, so he solemnly agreed. He didn’t even bother to taste the delicious pomfrets and directly returned to the breeding workshop.

The remaining half of the pomfrets were naturally devoured by Xia ruofei and Feng Rao.

Basically, no one, regardless of gender or age, could resist the temptation of the pomfrets, a delicacy that came from the most primitive memory in their genes.

Besides, the belly fish had very little fat content. Even the girls who loved to look pretty did not have to worry about getting fat if they ate too much. Hence, Feng Jing did not hold back when she snatched the fish from Xia ruofei.

The marketing team’s progress was also smooth.

Because of the popular product, the Jade skin cream, the major e – commerce companies attached more importance to the Paradise company.

Xiao Qiang’s main contacts were the two e – commerce companies, Skycat supermarket and kyokuboku shopping center.

logo