Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 135: The red Arowana laid eggs

[The monthly votes ranking is a bloody one. Steel spear doesn’t like to open a single chapter, and he’s not good at shouting and screaming to stir up emotions. I’m here to plead with my brothers and sisters who like this book. If you still have monthly votes in your hands, please support steel spear in this difficult time. Thank you, everyone!] This pair of Red Arowana was no longer the same as when Xia ruofei had brought them into the medium. The most direct observation was their size. They had been in the medium for a few years and were constantly bathed in the rich spiritual energy. Occasionally, Xia ruofei would drop some of the petal solution into the pond. Hence, the pair of Red Arowana had grown to more than 60 centimeters long. There was also the color. The red Arowana’s hair color was already very pure. At first glance, they were blood red, and their scales had a metallic luster. The layers of scales were very beautiful. Xia ruofei compared some pictures on the internet and felt that the so – called top blood red Dragons on the forum were not as beautiful as the pair of Red Arowana he had. Hence, every time Xia ruofei entered the spirit map space, he would come here to admire it for a while. Watching such a beautiful pair of fish swimming in the pond was indeed a pleasing thing to the eye. But today, Xia ruofei noticed that the two fish were a little different from usual. Although they were also playing, Xia ruofei saw that the two fish’s tails would touch from time to time. In the process of swimming, the two fish were getting closer and closer. Sometimes, they even lay on each other’s back, very intimate. Xia ruofei, who had read a lot of information during this period of time, immediately realized that the red Arowana was about to lay eggs. Xia ruofei did not know how long the red Arowana had been successfully mating, but it seemed like they were about to lay their eggs. He subconsciously lightened his footsteps, afraid of disturbing the pair of Red Arowana who were “nuptial chamber”. However, Xia ruofei did not leave. He maintained a distance and quietly observed the red Arowana that was laying eggs. This was because Xia ruofei had read the information and knew that the process of Red Arowana laying eggs and hatching was very strange. After the female Arowana laid eggs, the male fish would put the eggs in his mouth one by one. The male fish’s mouth could not hold so many eggs and some would be swallowed. During the hatching process, if the male fish was frightened, he would also swallow the eggs and even the young fish. As a result, the number of young Dragonfish that could hatch each time was very small. Xia ruofei saw that the red Arowana was about to lay eggs and naturally did not want to leave so easily. The red Arowana was very precious. He had to find a way to increase the reproduction rate and not let the red Arowana hatch according to the natural laws. He quietly left the pond and went to the side to make some preparations. Then, he carefully approached the small pond with the things he had prepared. Xia ruofei’s eyes were fixed on the pond. About half an hour later, the female fish began to lay eggs. The red Arowana’s eggs were pure golden in color, about ten millimeters in diameter, and shone with a dazzling golden light like pearls. They fell from the fish’s body one by one, and the whole process was full of the joy of life. When the female fish laid eggs, the male fish would swim over and open his mouth to put the eggs in. At this moment, Xia ruofei immediately used his mind to contact the spirit map space. Suddenly, an invisible force trapped the male fish. He was only a few feet away from the egg but he could not swim over. Xia ruofei’s spiritual connection with the spirit map space had evolved four times and was now very close. His control of the entire space had also improved. It was easy for Xia ruofei to control the male fish in the space. At this time, the female fish was still unaware of it and was still laying eggs. The entire process of laying eggs took about 20 minutes. Xia ruofei roughly counted and found that there were about 80 to 90 yellow eggs. When the female fish finished laying eggs, Xia ruofei used the same method to bind it with an invisible force in the space. This power was very gentle. Although it made the two red Arowana unable to move in a large area, it did not scare them. Next, Xia ruofei concentrated again and used his mind to control the fish eggs in the pond to gather together. Xia ruofei felt a little tired after being distracted in three places at the same time. Fortunately, the pond was not large, so he could still handle it. Soon, the golden fish eggs moved slowly in the water and gathered together. Xia ruofei took out a container that he had prepared earlier and walked slowly to the edge of the pond. He put the container into the water and scooped up more than half of the 70 to 80 fish eggs, leaving about 10 to 20 fish eggs in the pond. He did this to prevent his method from not hatching the eggs. He could save some to avoid wasting his efforts. Secondly, he was worried that after he took all the eggs, the male fish would find out that he couldn’t find a single egg after a long time, and he would hurt himself in a fit of rage. The red Arowana was very precious. If the scales or fins of the fish were injured while swimming, its value would be greatly reduced. Then, Xia ruofei slowly released the two red Arowana. They immediately started to swim in the pond again, not realizing that Xia ruofei had ‘stolen’ more than half of the eggs. In fact, if Xia ruofei had not taken the eggs away, many of the eggs would have been eaten by the male fish during the incubation process. The male fish soon found the eggs in the pond. He quickly swam over and put the eggs in his mouth. The female fish spread her pectoral fins horizontally, showing a unique defensive posture as she stood guard beside the male fish. This was a natural reaction condensed in the blood, encouraging the female fish to lay eggs, the male fish to hatch, and the female fish to defend themselves. It was endless and passed down from generation to generation ... In the next hatching process, the male fish would no longer eat, and his mouth would wriggle from time to time. Sometimes, he would even move his dragon head to maintain balance. After about 60 days, the young fish that were 5 to 6 centimeters long would enter and leave the male fish’s mouth. The male fish was very protective of the young fish. This activity would last for about 90 days before it would slowly decrease. The entire incubation process would only be completed when the young fish adapted to the outside environment. During this process, if the male fish was frightened, it was likely to swallow the young fish. This was a completely instinctive reaction. Moreover, if they didn’t eat for such a long time, the male fish’s body functions would be consumed too much, and they would be badly injured. Some male fish would even die. Hence, Xia ruofei decided that he had to be careful in the medium and not disturb the pair of Red Arowana. He even walked over quietly and poured half a bottle of petal solution into the pond to ensure that the male fish’s body would not overexert itself. Then, Xia ruofei took the container with 40 to 50 fish eggs and went to a place far away from the pond. He poured the fish eggs into the tidied box that he had just prepared. This place was filled with spatial pond water, and there was even a strange flower petal. Xia ruofei believed that such an environment would definitely allow the fish eggs to hatch. In this way, in addition to the dozen fish that could hatch naturally in the pond, he would have sixty to seventy young fish. This would be another huge fortune!RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com