Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 15: Disappearance of Illness

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Seeing this scene, Xia Ruofei’s heart seemed to be bleeding.

Over the past month, he had entered the space almost every day to admire the tricolor flower. He also loved this beautiful flower that seemed to contain the truth of the world. He did not expect that because of his carelessness, all the petals would fall off.

Xia Ruofei was filled with regret, but it was useless.

He stood up, not bothering to dust himself off, and immediately walked over to the nameless plant.

Where a beautiful tricolor flower had originally sprouted from, only a bare crown remained. And it no longer had that inexplicable appeal.

Xia Ruofei sighed and squatted down to look at the three petals that had fallen to the ground. The red, blue, and yellow petals lay quietly on the ground. Even though they had fallen off the flower crown, they still looked breathtaking.

Xia Ruofei did not know what kind of plant this was, nor did he know the origin of this tricolored flower. However, his intuition told him that it must be very precious, because it was the only “native” in this spiritual space, and it was filled with mystery.

Unable to resist, he reached out to pick up the three petals.

Just as Xia Ruofei’s hand touched the yellow petal, there was a sudden change!

The yellow petal actually sank into Xia Ruofei’s palm with a whoosh and disappeared without a trace, as if it had never existed.

This process was too fast. Xia Ruofei did not have time to react at all. He could not help but open his mouth in shock.

In the next moment, Xia Ruofei felt a heat surge through his body. A warm feeling made him feel as if he was soaking in hot spring water. Even his soul was trembling with pleasure. He could not help but let out a comfortable moan.

Although Xia Ruofei had participated in the extermination of many drug gangs, he had never taken drugs.

However, he was certain that even when a drug addict was on drugs, it was impossible to experience this floating sensation.

This process lasted for about half a minute before slowly disappearing. Xia Ruofei felt deeply unsatisfied and could not help but extend his hand towards the second petal.

When his hand touched the blue petal, as expected, the petal instantly sank into his palm. Immediately after, the familiar fluttering sensation attacked again…

Soon, the blue petals were also absorbed by Xia Ruofei. At this moment, he had no other thoughts and reached for the last red petal without hesitation.ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

The entire process was completely subconscious and not within his control.

It was not until the red petal was completely absorbed that Xia Ruofei came back to his senses.

Only then did he realize that his body seemed to have changed drastically.

The faint sense of weakness that he had felt since his illness had long disappeared. The familiar strength seemed to have returned, and Xia Ruofei could clearly feel that he was much stronger than when he was at the peak of his strength.

What was going on? What were those tricolored petals?

Xia Ruofei could not help but open his mouth wide. He took a deep breath and exhaled.

As Xia Ruofei exhaled, a black mist came out of his mouth, startling him.

This mist had a fishy smell. Xia Ruofei quickly took a few steps back.

It was then that he realized that he was also covered in this stench. His skin had been caked with a dark layer of dirt.

Could it be that the petals had expelled the virus and impurities from my body? A thought surfaced in Xia Ruofei’s mind.

He didn’t have time to think too much about it, because the sticky feeling was too uncomfortable, and he stank. This stench was a little overwhelming even for a special forces soldier who could once lurk in a smelly pond for a few days.

So he couldn’t wait to get a rinse.

Xia Ruofei naturally would not be so extravagant as to bathe in the water of the spiritual pool, so he left the Spiritual Map Space without hesitation.

Everyone in the rental apartment shared a small bathroom. Fortunately, most of the tenants had gone out to work during the day. Otherwise, Xia Ruofei’s stench would really have stink up the place for everyone.

He quickly found a change of clothes and hurried into the public bathroom. He turned on the shower and started to rinse.

After washing three times, Xia Ruofei finally washed all the dirt off his body. He changed into cotton pajamas and walked out of the public bathroom in a refreshing manner.

Then he opened all the windows in the public area. When he passed by previously, even the small public living room was filled with that pungent smell. He had to open it to ventilate it. Otherwise, it would be bad if the other tenants came back and smelled the stench.

After doing all this, Xia Ruofei returned to the small room he had rented.

When he was bathing previously, Xia Ruofei had already vaguely felt that after absorbing the tricolored petals, all his illnesses seemed to have healed. That familiar feeling of power almost made him cry.

Ever since he was diagnosed with ALS, Xia Ruofei’s world had been gray.

It was a terminal disease, even worse than cancer. For one thing, there was no effective treatment for ALS at the moment. Of course, what was even more terrifying was that patients with the disease would feel as if they were slowly being frozen. At first, only a finger might lose its sensation. Eventually, it would spread to every bone, muscle, organ, and even their tongues and eyeballs would be unable to move. Finally, most of them would die of respiratory failure.

The most terrifying thing was that throughout the entire journey to death, the patient’s mind and senses were conscious. It was equivalent to watching helplessly as his body lost consciousness bit by bit and he suffocated to death.

This process could go on for two or three years, or even five or six. Imagine how horrible that would be!

Death was not the worst thing. The worst thing was waiting for it.

And now, because of the three magical petals, this terrible disease was cured.

The excitement of surviving a calamity was indescribable.

Xia Ruofei sat on his small bed in a daze. He had mixed feelings as he recalled the hardships that he had gone through after he was diagnosed. Now that his illness had disappeared, this former iron-blooded soldier could not help but tear up.

After a while, Xia Ruofei, who had calmed down, stood up and inadvertently glanced at the small mirror hanging on the wall. He could not help but be stunned.

His reflection in the mirror seemed different.

After many years of harsh training in the army, Xia Ruofei had learned a lot of martial arts. His skin had also become tanned from the day-to-day training. The muscles on his body were intertwined like dragons. One look and one could tell that he was a powerful soldier.

However, the biggest and most obvious change now was that his skin had become much paler. It could even be said to be tender. Many girls would probably envy his skin if Xia Ruofei walked outside.

Also, his muscles were no longer so obvious. His figure became more well-proportioned, and he even looked like a weak scholar.

However, Xia Ruofei knew very well that although the magical tricolored petals had transformed his originally developed muscles, his strength had not decreased at all. On the contrary, be it his reaction speed or physical strength, they were much better than his peak state in the special forces.

All of this was brought about by the tricolored petals.

Xia Ruofei looked at himself in the mirror, feeling a little emotional.

At this moment, Xia Ruofei suddenly remembered something and could not help but slap his forehead. He muttered to himself in frustration.

“Oh my! Crap! I’m such a pig brain…”