Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 142: Chapter 139 – Giant truffle (1)

Xia ruofei carefully dug the soil beside the truffle with a shovel and finally dug out the White truffle with his bare hands. After roughly cleaning the soil on the surface of the truffle, Xia ruofei weighed the truffle in his hand. It was about 400 to 500 grams and the size of a pomelo. What a good start! Xia ruofei was very happy. He knew that the heavier the weight of truffle, the more precious it was. In 2015, a piece of 900 grams of white truffle was sold at an auction for 100000 euros, which was equivalent to 680000 Chinese dollars. This piece of white truffle was about 500 grams. Compared to the price of a piece of white truffle that was about the same weight as the one sold at the auction, it was worth about 200000 Chinese dollars. And this was under the condition that the quality was the same. Xia ruofei would never believe that the White truffle produced in his interspace would be inferior to the White truffle grown in the outside world. It was already a great honor that the White truffle did not surpass them by a few streets. The White truffle greatly boosted Xia ruofei’s confidence. He thought for a moment and left the medium with lightning. He asked lightning to wait in the room, then went downstairs to the small storage room, locked the door, and put a few bags of rice into the medium. After returning to his bedroom, Xia ruofei brought lightning into the medium again. He tore open the rice bag and poured a layer of rice into the two large sorting boxes. Then, he carefully brushed off the soil on the two truffles with a small brush and buried them in the rice in the two boxes. The reason why Xia ruofei did this was because the truffle was constantly emitting a strong fragrance. Although he knew that things would not go bad in the interspace, he did not know if the fragrance would dissipate. Therefore, it was safer to store it in the rice and seal it in the sorting box. After that, Xia ruofei brought lightning to search for the next location of the truffles. Although lightning had not been trained, its sense of smell was far better than truffle dogs. It could understand humans and could understand Xia ruofei’s orders. Therefore, it was very efficient in finding truffles. It was Xia ruofei who had slowed down the progress. This was because he had to be very careful every time he dug. After the truffle was dug out, he had to carefully clean the soil on the surface and put it into the tidying box. So every time lightning found a place to rest, Xia ruofei would be busy. Pieces of truffles were dug out from the ground by Xia ruofei. There were black truffles and even more precious white truffles. After they were cleaned, they were put into tidying boxes continuously. Soon, the two large tidying boxes were full. Xia ruofei found another two tidying boxes and poured in the rice. After more than ten hours, Xia ruofei finally dug out the last piece of black truffle. He asked lightning and confirmed that there was no truffle left in the oak Forest. He then heaved a sigh of relief. This work not only tested one’s physical strength but also one’s patience. Although Xia ruofei was exhausted and covered in mud, he felt a sense of achievement when he saw the four boxes of truffles. The amount of black truffles and white truffles was basically the same. The two large boxes were full, and the other two were also half – filled. As for how much harvest they had, they would only know after weighing it on a scale. However, Xia ruofei could roughly estimate it. Among the truffles, there were seven or eight of them that were as big as the first white truffle that lightning had found. According to last year’s auction market, they were worth at least two million. In addition, there were three pieces of truffles that could be considered giant. The largest piece was slightly bigger than a basketball and weighed about four pounds. The other two pieces were about two to three pounds. If Xia ruofei remembered correctly, the largest piece was probably bigger than the world’s largest white truffle in 14 years. The White truffle was 4.16 pounds, or about 1.89 kilograms. The piece that Xia ruofei had dug out was definitely a giant. The value of such truffles could no longer be measured by the market price, especially if they were to participate in an auction. It was even more likely to be sold for a sky – High price! The black truffle was in a similar situation, but black truffles were generally smaller than white truffles. The largest piece of black truffle that Xia ruofei found was nearly 1.5 kilograms, which was also very rare. Xia ruofei pondered for a while in the space. He felt that there was too much truffle this time and it was not appropriate to sell it all at once. Otherwise, the auction price would not go up. He was even considering moving the oak trees to the new space. This kind of thing could only be produced in a specific season of the year, and there was no way to preserve it for a long time, so it was meaningless to produce more of it in the space. Although the original dimension could keep truffles absolutely fresh, truffles were precious when they were rare. If they were released in large quantities, it would definitely cause market turmoil, and the price would eventually fall. It was definitely not worth it. Moreover, it was extremely suspicious to suddenly sell truffles that couldn’t be preserved for a long time in a season without truffle production. It would easily expose his secret. Of course, Xia ruofei was not in a hurry to decide if he should transplant them. The harvest this time was just in time for the end of the truffle season. This batch of truffles could still be sold as usual. Therefore, the most important thing now was to plan the sales of this batch of truffles. When he went to Shen Cheng city in two days, the biggest truffles would definitely be auctioned. The most suitable place for truffles of this level would be the auction. The rest of the medium – sized ones could also be used as a foil. Then, he would keep the rest for now. When he returned to the three mountains, he would sell truffles of such good quality through other channels. Now that it was the end of truffles sales season, he definitely wouldn’t have to worry about sales. After making up his mind, Xia ruofei took a new tidying box and picked out the largest pieces of black truffles and white truffles. He also picked out a dozen pieces of medium – sized truffles and put them all into the tidying box. Then, he poured in the rice. Then, Xia ruofei sealed the sides of the boxes with tape. There were five big truffles in this batch, three white truffles and two black truffles. The White truffles were more than three catties, and the black truffles were more than two catties. There were also thirteen ordinary truffles, which weighed 300 pounds and 500 grams. Xia ruofei sealed the rest of them and left the original space with lightning. Although he had been busy in the interspace for more than ten hours, only a short time had passed in the outside world. Xia ruofei went to the bathroom to wash off the dirt on his body and changed into clean clothes. Then, he opened the door and brought lightning downstairs. Xia ruofei didn’t see Lin Qiao. After asking Hu Zi’s mother, he found out that the girl was still sleeping. Ye Lingyun, on the other hand, went to the farm to patrol. This was something he had to do every day. As the head of security, he was very responsible. Xia ruofei had nothing to do, so he brought lightning over to the farm. Before he reached the vegetable greenhouse, he saw Cao tieshu hurriedly walking out of the greenhouse from a distance ... [PS] announcing the VIP Reader group number: 295848872, welcome to the group (screenshot of full subscription needed to be verified), please continue to ask for everyone’s support, monthly votes, tips, recommendations ... Steel gun needs everyone’s support!𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com