Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

?

Chapter 1420: RUO Fei fishing for money (2)

Translator: 549690339

Through the close – up shot taken by the photographer outside the glass Room, everyone could clearly see that the thick stack of cash had been successfully captured. Although the cash was piled up messily and took up a bit of space, it was at least a few thousand dollars.

The employee continued to put the money together. In the process, because the net would be used, the movement was slightly more exaggerated. Some of the money that had been put in previously fell out of the net again. This scene made everyone laugh.

Soon, the countdown reached the last few seconds. Everyone saw that the employee was still trying to rush the money, so they quickly reminded him loudly.

The staff also realized that there wasn’t much time left, so they quickly tried to use the net to fish out as much money as possible.

“Time’s Up! Stop!” Xia ruofei announced loudly when the countdown reached zero.

The staff member was also very disciplined. He immediately stopped what he was doing. The Glass Room was transparent on all sides, and there was a camera recording the whole process. Under the watchful eyes of the public, he naturally wouldn’t break the rules just to get one or two more banknotes.

The finance staff took the net bag from him and took it to the center of the stage to start counting.

Although it was only a short 30 seconds, the lucky winner was sweating profusely, and his carefully styled hair was all messed up. He looked a little embarrassed.

Everyone thought it was a little funny, but when they saw the huge stack of cash in the camera’s close – up shot, they felt extremely envious.

Of course, the staff anticipated it even more when they thought of Xia ruofei’s appearance. They all had a malicious thought in their hearts. She wondered if the chairman would be in such a sorry state later ...

Soon, the finance staff counted the cards. There were 236 cards in total, which was 23600 Yuan.

Xia ruofei personally handed the neatly arranged cash to the lucky winner. The audience burst into a round of applause. The lucky winner couldn’t stop smiling and thanked Xia ruofei. Then, under everyone’s envious gaze, he took the 20000 Yuan and returned to his seat.

The finance staff quickly added 236 hundred – dollar bills and scattered the bills in The Glass Room so that they were as evenly distributed as possible on the floor.

The second lucky draw employee was eager to try. He took the net and walked into the glass Room. After Xia ruofei announced the start of the game, he immediately waved the net and tried to make money.

Speaking of which, the first person to appear was at a disadvantage because he had no experience to learn from. The content of the award was also announced at the last minute, and he did not even have the opportunity to check the online strategy for similar events in advance.

Those who appeared later could conclude some effective methods from the first person’s process of making money.

For example, the second employee didn’t rush to get the money directly after the beginning. Instead, he tried to put the money together as much as possible. This was obviously a summary of the gains and losses from the first employee.

The result was obvious. The second employee’s final score was 248,200 yuan short of 25000.

The third and fourth employees naturally used the same method.

However, there was still a gap in individual operation. Some people had better physical coordination, while others were relatively weaker.

So the third employee got 218 notes, and the fourth employee got 251.

Four employees won the lottery in a row, and the final prize amount was far more than 20000 Yuan.

This was similar to the judgment of the team at the company’s Annual Meeting.

In fact, in the team’s initial proposal, the prizes were not as rich as this. However, Xia ruofei rejected the proposal and criticized them for being too conservative. He made it clear that the prizes had to be upgraded and could not be used to save money for the company. He even set the standard of one million Yuan and said that if the revised version’s total value of the prizes was lower than this figure, he would severely criticize the team leader.

Therefore, the preparation team for the annual meeting revised the plan overnight and redesigned the prize plan. In the end, the total value of the prizes was about 1.2 million.

As for the money – making segment, the team had conducted many experiments. Even those who had practiced it many times could basically make between 25000 to 30000 dollars in 30 seconds.

The final result was indeed as such. The staff members of the preparation team, who were paying attention to the progress of the annual party, were secretly relieved.

Everyone looked at Xia ruofei with anticipation.

According to the order, he was the last winner, and now it was his turn.

Xia ruofei took off his suit jacket and passed it to the staff. Then, he did some leg presses, wrists, and ankles as a warm – up. Everyone burst into laughter.

Liu Qian had finally regained her authority as the emcee. When Xia ruofei entered the game, she would be the judge.

When Xia ruofei rolled up his sleeves, took the net bag, and walked into the arena, Liu Qian asked with a smile,””Chairman, are you ready?”

Xia ruofei stood in The Glass Room and nodded to Liu Qian with the net in his hand.

“The timer has started!” Liu Qian immediately said.

She gave the order so quickly that Xia ruofei was still in a daze. The countdown on the big screen had already started.

Everyone knew that Xia ruofei had been tricked by Liu Qian and could not help but laugh.

Xia ruofei quickly came back to his senses. He immediately bent down and picked up the net to fish for money.

Xia ruofei’s movements did not look very fast, but he was actually very efficient.

In fact, if Xia ruofei wanted to, he could have put all the money into the net in 30 seconds. This was because of his true energy and mental energy that had never failed him.

This was a game. If Xia ruofei used his genuine Qi and spiritual power, he would be cheating. Naturally, he would not do that.

However, cultivation improved his physical fitness in all aspects. His body coordination was many times better than the previous employees, and his perception of subtle movements was far better than ordinary people.

Hence, Xia ruofei’s movements did not seem fast, but every time, he could accurately pick up a handful of cash. The movement of the net was very slight.

Xia ruofei had also subconsciously learned some techniques to deflect the force so that none of the bills that were put into the net would come out again.

The employees in the audience did not notice these details. They only saw Xia ruofei’s unhurried movements. He did not seem to be as nervous as the previous four employees.

The staff all thought that Xia ruofei had deliberately held back and had not used his full strength.

Soon, it was time. The finance staff took the net bag from Xia ruofei and was ready to count the money.

The professional financial staff had a keen sense of the weight of the notes, and they had already counted the four people’s notes before, so when he held the net bag, he immediately felt a slight weight in his hand.

Not only did the Finance Officer look surprised, he had also watched Xia ruofei fish out the cash from the side. In his opinion, Xia ruofei’s slow movements should have the lowest score among the five.

However, as soon as he held the net bag in his hand, he felt that the weight was not right. It seemed to be more than what the people before him had fished out.

How was that possible? The finance staff felt that it might be because they were too high today, so there was a problem with the touch.

However, he quickly denied it again. As the counting process continued, he realized that Xia ruofei had indeed fished out more cash than the previous few.

318 cards! This was the result that Xia ruofei had achieved within 30 seconds. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

When the staff in the audience saw this result, they were also in disbelief.

“The chairman is too awesome!”

“You have the demeanor of a martial arts master!”

“I’m convinced by our director Xia this time! He actually won the championship without a sound!”

......

While everyone was discussing, the finance staff had already checked again and confirmed the results.

Just as Liu Qian was about to “present” the award to Xia ruofei, Xia ruofei put the microphone to his mouth and said,””Everyone, this mini – Game has ended. I have also participated in the game according to the rules, which means that the lucky draw segment has been completed!”

Xia ruofei paused and turned to Liu Qian.”Liu Qian, go get the lucky draw box!”

When everyone heard this, they had already guessed Xia ruofei’s intention.

As expected, Xia ruofei continued,”I’ll personally add a small project. I’ll draw a lucky colleague and give him the bonus I just received!” This shouldn’t be against the rules, right?”

logo