Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

?

Chapter 1498: Underground Plaza (1)

Translator: 549690339

Song Wei finally realized that something was wrong with Xia ruofei.

Because Xia ruofei’s body had started to tremble. Even though his expression could not be seen through the gas mask, it was obvious that Xia ruofei was in pain.

“RUO Fei, what’s wrong?” Song Wei asked in concern and quickly walked to Xia ruofei’s side.

She wanted to reach out to support Xia ruofei, but before she could touch his body, she felt a strong repulsive force. Her entire body was pushed away and she hit the stone wall heavily, groaning in pain.

Xia ruofei could not even speak. Although he was worried about Song Wei’s condition, he could not even protect himself and could not escape.

There wasn’t much genuine Qi left in his dantian. Xia ruofei felt the meridians in his body ache. It was a sign of overusing his genuine Qi.

However, the heavy stone door was still rising slowly. It seemed that it would not be in place for a while.

Xia ruofei could not help but smile bitterly.

Ever since he had obtained the spirit map scroll, everything had been smooth sailing for him. This time, he had entered the ancient tomb a little too rashly. If he still couldn’t get out after exhausting his true Qi, he wouldn’t be far from death.

Without his protection, Song Wei would never be able to walk out of the underground palace alone. It was his overconfidence that had caused her to be in trouble.

The stone wall continued to absorb the genuine Qi in Xia ruofei’s body tirelessly. Even though the genuine Qi had turned from a vast River into a trickle, the suction force did not decrease. Xia ruofei felt as if his soul was about to be sucked out.

His consciousness started to blur, and countless images started to flash through his mind. There were scenes of him serving in lone wolf, as well as the sweet moments he had with Ling Qingxue. There were even images of Lu You, Feng Rao, Song Wei, and the others ...

At this moment, Xia Qing’s voice suddenly sounded in Xia ruofei’s mind,””Master! Quickly use the petals of the spirit Heart Flower!”

The voice was like an epiphany that made Xia ruofei regain his senses.

Like a drowning person who had found a life – saving straw, Xia ruofei quickly reacted.

In fact, Xia Qing had been paying attention to the situation outside, but he didn’t notice anything unusual at the beginning. After all, the flow of genuine Qi was in Xia ruofei’s body, and his divine sense couldn’t keep an eye on his master all the time.

It was only when Xia ruofei’s body started to tremble that Xia Qing realized something was wrong.

It was already very dangerous. Xia Qing even felt the entire spirit map world begin to tremble.

There was only one possibility for such a situation to occur, and that was that the host’s life was in great danger.

Xia Qing then realized that Xia ruofei was already at the end of his rope. He quickly reminded Xia ruofei.

In fact, Xia ruofei had misunderstood the situation. He had never thought of using the petals of the spirit Heart Flower to recover his true Qi.

After he came back to his senses, he quickly used his spiritual will to explore the spirit map space.

At this time, Xia Qing had already opened the box containing the petals of the spirit Heart Flower. At this time, it was too late to use the diluted solution of the petals of the spirit Heart Flower. The only way was to use the whole petal.

After more than a year of accumulation, the number of spirit Heart Flower petals in the box had reached more than a hundred. Xia ruofei did not think too much. With a thought, the invisible spatial force wrapped around the two petals and disappeared from the spirit map space.

This was the first time he had been so extravagant. However, as long as he was alive, there was hope. Even if he had to use up all the hundreds of petals, Xia ruofei would not feel the slightest bit of heartache.

The petals of the spirit Heart Flower appeared in Xia ruofei’s palm.

These petals were very strange. As long as they came into contact with a person’s skin, they would be rapidly absorbed.

However, it was different this time. As soon as the two petals appeared, the suction force on the stone wall seemed to increase.

The stone wall had actually absorbed a lot of the petals. Xia ruofei felt that he had only absorbed half of it.

After the components of the spirit Heart Flower petals entered his body, the effect was immediate. Xia ruofei immediately felt a dull pain. His nearly dried up meridians were suddenly nourished. All the acupuncture points in his body seemed to start producing true Qi. His empty dantian was also slowly filling up ...

After the stone wall absorbed the petals of the spirit Heart Flower, the speed at which the stone door rose suddenly increased by a large margin.

Although the stone wall was still absorbing Xia ruofei’s vital energy, the petals of the spirit Heart Flower were also replenishing it.

Before the effects of the medicine ran out, the “income” and “expenditure” were basically balanced.

Xia ruofei secretly heaved a sigh of relief. It was really dangerous this time!

Without any hesitation, he took out two more spirit Heart Flower petals.

The stone wall also absorbed more than half of the petal. The remaining half of the petal entered Xia ruofei’s body to help him recover quickly.

The stone door was still rising with a rumble, at a much faster speed than before.

Finally, the heavy stone door rose to the top, and with the sound of a machine operating, the stone door slowly stopped.

At that moment, Xia ruofei felt the suction force from the stone wall disappear.

He quickly pulled back his hands and leaned against the stone wall, panting heavily. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

After he had recovered, Xia ruofei quickly stood up and looked in Song Wei’s direction.

logo