Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 16: All-round Enhancement

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

It turned out that Xia Ruofei, after completely calming down, had suddenly thought of something. Since this magical tricolored petal could cure his ALS, it might be effective to treat the uremia of his comrade Hu Zi’s mother.

While suffering from a terminal illness, Xia Ruofei was still thinking of ways to make money using the Spiritual Map Space. His original intention was to leave as much money as possible for Hu Zi’s mother—at least enough for the kidney transplant.

And if the tricolored petals could directly cure uremia, then why bother?

However, when Xia Ruofei realized this, the tricolored petals had already been absorbed by him. Now, he could not have them even if he wanted them.

Furthermore, Xia Ruofei could vaguely sense that even if there was only one petal, it could completely cure his ALS. This was because after absorbing the three petals, not only did his illness disappear, but his body had also been completely transformed. Although he had yet to verify how powerful he was, Xia Ruofei knew that his strength had definitely improved greatly compared to before.

In other words, he could have saved two petals for Hu Zi’s mother.

Thinking of this, Xia Ruofei felt even more regretful.

Under those circumstances, Xia Ruofei had no time to think too much. He was almost completely affected by the comfort that came from his soul. The last two times he took the initiative to absorb the petals were all subconscious actions.

Now that he thought about it, it was too late for regrets.

Xia Ruofei thought for a moment. Those tricolored petals grew on the nameless plant. Since they were flowers, would they bloom again after they withered?

Thinking of this, he could no longer sit still. He took out the spiritual map that he had hidden on him and entered the space with a thought.

Xia Ruofei took three steps to the nameless plant by the pond, but he was disappointed. There was still only a bare flower crown on the plant, and no new petals grew.

Xia Ruofei sighed. It was useless to regret now. He could only hope that the petals would grow again after some time.

However, Xia Ruofei was not confident about this at all. After all, this nameless plant was native to the Spiritual Map Space. He knew nothing about this plant.

Xia Ruofei walked around the succulents and vegetable garden, then glanced at the nameless plant indignantly before leaving the Spiritual Map Space.

In the afternoon, Xia Ruofei arrived at the City People’s Hospital alone and did a full-body checkup. Although he was almost certain that his ALS had been cured, he still came for a checkup just to be safe. He would feel more at ease this way.

There were many tests and it required several working days before the report could be ready. For this, Xia Ruofei did not hesitate to spend a few hundred yuan to expedite it. Even so, it took him half a day to get the complete report.

The test came back as he’d expected. He was in perfect health condition.

Not only were there no illnesses, but many of the indicators were much better than ordinary people. The doctor who read the report said that one look at the report and he knew that Xia Ruofei must have been exercising and maintaining a good routine for a long time. Otherwise, his physical indicators could not have been so good.

His judgment was confirmed, but Xia Ruofei felt even more regretful. If he hadn’t impulsively absorbed all three petals in the morning, he could have used them to treat Hu Zi’s mother…

However, at this point, Xia Ruofei was not someone who would keep harping on the past. He quickly adjusted his mood and took a taxi back to his rental apartment in the slums.

After Xia Ruofei returned home, he carefully locked the door and entered the spiritual space.

He first went to the pond to check on the nameless plant. However, the result was still disappointing. There was still only a bare flower crown on the nameless plant. No petals grew out.

Then he went to check on the succulents. To his relief, these succulents were full of vitality. If nothing went wrong, they should all be alive. Now, he just had to wait a few days before he could take a photo and upload it for sale in the online store.

After patrolling around, Xia Ruofei came to an empty space. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

He casually posed in a stance, and his entire aura immediately changed.

If someone who knew martial arts were here, they would be able to tell at a glance that this was the Yang’s Taiji stance.

This was taught to him by his squad leader when he first joined the army. This Squad Leader Yang was from Hebei Yongnian and was said to be the direct descendant of the Yang Taiji.

At that time, a new comrade in the class had learned the Yang’s Taiji from Squad Leader Yang. Meanwhile, Xia Ruofei was the fastest to master it and was also deeply liked by Squad Leader Yang.

When the new recruits were allocated to different squads, Xia Ruofei was also assigned to his squad leader’s previous squad. Later on, he participated in the selection for the fresh blood of the Lone Wolf Commando Brigade. Xia Ruofei was successfully selected before leaving Squad Leader Yang’s side.

However, his martial arts ability did not fall behind. When he was free, Xia Ruofei would practice a few rounds of Taiji Fist.

This time, after absorbing the tricolored petals, not only did his illness disappear, but he also felt that his body had been greatly strengthened. Hence, Xia Ruofei wanted to verify how much his body had been strengthened.

Grabbing the sparrow’s tail with the right, left single side, hand lifting, white crane spreading its wings…

His movements were like flowing water without any delay.

Xia Ruofei’s joy grew.

In the past, when he practiced, although he was very familiar with every move, he had never felt this feeling of integration. Squad Leader Yang also commented that Xia Ruofei’s Taiji was “skilled in form, but not in the spirit.”

Xia Ruofei felt the same way. No matter how skilled he was, he could not do it freely.

Now, all the hesitation had disappeared. After a full set of Taiji, he felt refreshed. There was even a faint heat in his lower abdomen.

Xia Ruofei practiced Taichi over and over again, and his movements became increasingly refined. He did not even follow the standard Taichi movements of the Yang Consortium, but there was a very natural and smooth feeling that was filled with the charm of the Yang’s Taichi.

There was a sense of winning with no moves.

After practising five times in a row, Xia Ruofei finally stopped. Clearly, the benefits of those three petals were far more than just reaction speed and physical strength. This enhancement was definitely comprehensive in all aspects.

Xia Ruofei could not help but look at the nameless plant again, his eyes filled with burning anticipation.

“I hope the Tricolor Flower can grow back…” Xia Ruofei muttered to himself.

In the next day or two, Xia Ruofei entered the space several times a day. Other than taking care of the succulent plants, his main purpose was naturally to check on the nameless plant.

But he was always disappointed.

The flower crown was still bare, and there was no sign that it was about to bloom again.

On the other hand, the succulents had all come to life and were still growing. They should be able to be photographed and uploaded soon to be sold in the online store.

On the third day, Xia Ruofei entered the space again—every day he had to come in to maintain the vegetable patch and water the succulent plants.

As soon as he entered the space, Xia Ruofei subconsciously looked at the nameless plant. Although he had been disappointed countless times in the past three days, Xia Ruofei was still filled with intense anticipation.

This time, his eyes focused on the nameless plant. Then his face lit up with joy!