Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

?

Chapter 1524: Time (1)

Translator: 549690339

Xia ruofei gave it a few instructions not to touch anything in the space. He also told Xia Qing to look after the realm Fox, especially not to let it come into contact with his precious world stone.

In fact, these world stones were all at the Archean realm. Even if the world Fox had the ability to turn the world upside down, it could not return without Xia ruofei’s permission. Xia ruofei was also confused because of his concern.

After successfully swindling a precious realm Fox, Xia ruofei started to worry about the unconscious Song Wei.

Xia ruofei wasn’t sure if the soup would work.

The biggest problem now was that they were in the wilderness, and one of the herbs needed to make the soup was missing, so they had to go back to the city to buy the medicine.

But the problem was, was he really going to carry such an unconscious beauty down the mountain?

Although they were in the wilderness, they would enter the scenic Area if they went further down the mountain. Even if there were not many tourists, there were still some surveillance cameras on the roadside.

Besides, it was not convenient to bring Song Wei along! There was no way to explain staying in a hotel, and he might even be called the police as a criminal.

Xia ruofei thought of this and asked with his spiritual will,””Xia Qing, with Song Wei’s current condition, she shouldn’t be able to wake up on her own, right?”

“Master,” Xia Qing said,”it’s very difficult to heal the damage to the soul. At least, miss song won’t wake up in a short time.”

“I see,” Xia ruofei nodded.

He had already made up his mind and brought Song Wei into the spirit map space.

Naturally, Song Wei could not be placed in the Archean realm where time flowed 30 times faster than normal. Hence, Xia ruofei sent her directly into the stone chamber in the mountain sea realm.

There was a stone bed there. Xia ruofei used the invisible force in space to place Song Wei on the stone bed. At the same time, he moved the Jade futon over and placed it under Song Wei’s head.

This Jade futon was very helpful for the recovery of mental power. It should be able to more or less nourish her soul, or at least stop the damage to her soul from worsening.

After doing all this, Xia ruofei checked his own condition. His injuries had almost recovered, at least 60 – 70% of his usual strength.

Unless he encountered the spirit body in the underground palace last night or an abnormal master like senior copper coffin, Xia ruofei’s current state was enough to deal with anything.

Xia ruofei turned around and looked at the underground palace for a long time. Then, he turned around and ran into the forest.

Half an hour later, Xia ruofei found the off – Road vehicle that he had parked in the bushes the night before at the foot of the mountain.

Although it had only been a night, Xia ruofei felt like it was a lifetime ago.

After driving to the city, Xia ruofei first found a Chinese medicine pharmacy.

Thorned vine root was a common herb and Xia ruofei could get it easily.

Although the staff of the Chinese medicine shop felt that it was strange that Xia ruofei only bought one herb and asked for a large amount, there was no reason to reject business. Besides, the thorny vine root was not a special medicinal herb and had nothing to do with synthetic drugs. It would not be a problem to sell a truck full of it to Xia ruofei. Why not make money?

Hence, Xia ruofei had successfully bought almost all the thorn vines in the store. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

After he returned to the car, he put the big bag of thorny vines into the medium and asked Xia Qing to start brewing the spirit nourishment soup.

Of course, he had also specifically instructed Xia Qing to brew the spirit nourishment soup in the mountain sea realm. Xia Qing also needed to watch over the realm Fox to prevent it from causing any damage. Xia ruofei could not possibly split a strand of his divine sense to pay attention to the situation in the space at all times.

After buying the thorny vine root, Xia ruofei drove to the Tianhao hotel and booked the “Presidential Suite”.

As soon as he entered the room, Xia ruofei immediately used his spiritual power to cover the entire room and checked it thoroughly.

After making sure that there was no audio or surveillance equipment, he went straight into the bedroom, locked the door, and drew the curtains.

Xia ruofei took out the spiritual map and entered the space.

He went straight to the mountain sea realm. Xia Qing was at the entrance of the cave, concentrating on brewing the spirit nourishment soup. Not far away from Xia Qing, the realm Fox seemed to be lying there lazily, but it was actually comprehending the rules of the spirit map space. Even when Xia ruofei suddenly appeared out of thin air, it only raised its eyes, then closed them again to comprehend.

Seeing the realm Fox in this state, Xia ruofei’s worry was greatly reduced. Previously, he was afraid that the realm Fox would run around in the space. There were many treasures in this space, such as the precious Cordyceps, truffles, abalones from the sea, and even herb gardens. These were all from the mountain sea realm.

Now, it seemed that the realm Fox had no time to cause trouble, so he was relieved.

Xia ruofei didn’t disturb Xia Qing, who was concentrating on brewing the medicine. He directly entered the cave and walked into the stone room.

Song Wei was still lying quietly on the stone bed. Her expression was very calm, as if she was sleeping peacefully.

However, Xia ruofei knew that if her damaged soul was not repaired, she would continue to sleep like this. If she could not maintain her bodily functions, she would die soon.

Xia ruofei sighed. He walked forward and grabbed Song Wei’s wrist. Of course, he did not want to do anything bad to her when she was unconscious. He just wanted to check her body.

After Song Wei’s body was taken over by the terrifying spirit, she had been in the stone chamber in the underground palace. The stone chamber was filled with cold air and unknown poison that had killed the archeologists. Song Wei had been in there for a long time, so there was a high possibility that the poison would take advantage of her.

logo