Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

?

Chapter 1535: Chapter 896 – shopping (2)

Translator: 549690339 Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

“Understood!” Xia ruofei smiled and nodded.

After that, Xia ruofei did not walk with Yu mingdong and the rest anymore. Instead, he strolled in another direction.

Yu mingdong looked at Xia ruofei, who was walking further and further away. He saw that Xia ruofei was indeed like a rookie who was participating in a public bid for the first time. Along the way, he touched the raw stones in front of him from time to time, his eyes filled with curiosity, but he never stopped in front of a single raw stone for a moment.

Yu mingdong smiled and said to He Ping,””Old he, let’s continue!”

......

After leaving Yu mingdong and the rest, Xia ruofei was not very conspicuous in the crowd. As he strolled along, he couldn’t help but secretly click his tongue. Throughout the journey, the spirit maps and paintings had almost no reaction. Only a few pieces would tremble slightly.

This meant that the raw stones that didn’t react contained very little Jade, or even no Jade at all.

Xia ruofei even stood in front of a raw stone that had no reaction in the painting for a while and used his spiritual power to check the situation inside the bidding box.

This was because the starting price of this raw stone was not low, it was 80000 Yuan.

In the end, Xia ruofei found that there were already more than a dozen orders in the bidding box. The highest price was 200000 Yuan.

In other words, if no one else made a higher bid, then the highest bidder would have used 200000 to buy an ordinary stone.

Even if this stone came from old Keng, it was still too much of a scam!

There were many of such raw stones, which showed how high the risk of stone gambling was.

Xia ruofei smiled and shook his head. He continued to stroll around the public Jade bid as if nothing had happened.

He would touch every raw stone he passed by, intentionally or otherwise.

Occasionally, Xia ruofei would stop in his tracks and jot down notes in a small notebook. There were quite a few people like him in Xuxu’s field, so his actions were not eye – catching.

Naturally, only the spirit paintings had a huge reaction to Xia ruofei’s presence.

He was mainly recording the number, position, and the highest bid price of the raw gemstones.

Although the public Jade bid was huge and there were a lot of raw stones, Xia ruofei’s efficiency was high!

He spent almost an hour to “appraise” all the raw gemstones.

Although some people noticed Xia ruofei who was strolling around, they only thought that he was a young man who came out to see the world with his family elders and did not pay much attention to him.

No one knew that Xia ruofei’s little notebook was now filled with notes.

Similarly, Xia ruofei could not see the inside of the raw gemstone. He was making a comparison and judgment based on the reaction of the spiritual map in his body.

Hence, in these records, there were many special symbols that only Xia ruofei could understand.

These symbols represented different levels of priority.

Besides, Xia ruofei’s spiritual power had already reached the stage of the palpitations. His brain was more developed than the average person ‘s. Even if he couldn’t remember everything he saw, it wasn’t too far off.

If an ordinary person’s brain was like a normal home computer, Xia ruofei’s brain’s analytical ability was at least a large server or even a normal supercomputer.

Hence, Xia ruofei quickly sorted out the data.

In a short while, Xia ruofei had already identified eight targets. These were the results of Xia ruofei’s continuous selection.

After all, there were too many raw stones in the public bid and many of them contained Jade. No matter how big Xia ruofei’s appetite was, it was impossible for him to eat all of them in one go.

Whether he had enough money or not was secondary. The key was that if he did this, the raw stones that others bought would all be a pile of waste stones. Once this strange situation happened, even a fool would know that there was a problem.

Even if he bought a raw gemstone and did not open it on the spot, the organizer would keep a record. By then, other than him buying a large number of raw gemstones, if everyone else lost, it would definitely be noticed by people with ulterior motives.

Therefore, being too greedy was not good.

In addition, to be honest, Xia ruofei did not have enough money.

Xia ruofei was considered to have some assets, but in this public Jade bid, there were a few giant raw stones with the potential to be the king bid. The starting price was easily tens of millions. Even if he had a big appetite, he could not buy all of them.

Therefore, he had to make a choice.

First of all, Xia ruofei eliminated those that would definitely have Jade but would not have a high Jade content.

Secondly, although some of the spirit paintings also had intense reactions, they had already opened up a window. Their performance was quite good, and the starting price was ridiculously high. Xia ruofei had to bear the pain and rule out those. The reason was simple – they were not cost – effective.

Xia ruofei bought the raw stones for the realm to absorb and upgrade. He was not going to sell them for a higher price after opening them. He would not open them on the spot. Therefore, in a situation where he had many choices, he naturally excluded those that cost too much.

Xia ruofei’s main focus was on the raw stones that the organizers and stone gamblers did not think highly of but were actually of high quality.

To put it bluntly, he was picking up scraps.

Naturally, there were not many opportunities to pick up the scraps. However, with the support of the huge number of pieces, Xia ruofei still found a few.

Out of the eight raw gemstones that he had finally decided on, seven of them were the kind that did not show off. Some of them were even ignored by almost no one, but the reaction of the spirit paintings was very obvious.

logo