Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

?

Chapter 1536: Chapter 896 – shopping (3)

Translator: 549690339

Most importantly, these seven raw stones were quite cheap.

Xia ruofei used his spiritual power to look into the bidding box. The highest bid for the seven raw stones so far was only slightly more than three million. In other words, as long as he seized the opportunity, he could win it for more than three million.

Even if Xia ruofei didn’t want to make it too obvious and just happened to be above the highest price, the total price would not exceed 3.5 million.

Although Xia ruofei could not calculate the exact value of the Jade contained in these seven raw gemstones, he could tell from the reaction of the spirit painting scroll that it was more than ten times the value of the other raw gemstones. It was definitely a business with a high profit.

As long as he did it well, Xia ruofei could buy jade worth 30 to 40 million Yuan with only three million Yuan.

With so much Jade, it might even be enough for the spirit map space to upgrade.

All Xia ruofei wanted to do now was to quickly upgrade the realm, so he was also tempted.

As for the last raw stone among the eight he had chosen, it was not cheap.

The starting price of this raw stone was five million Yuan. Although it was a raw stone that was completely gambled on, it was still very popular.

First of all, this raw jade stone was quite big. Judging from its size, it could be ranked at least in the top 15 of the public Jade bid this time. It was almost the size of an eight – seater table. A conservative estimate of its weight was more than 1000 pounds. It would probably take a forklift to move it.

Perhaps it was because of its good appearance, but Xia ruofei did not understand. However, there were many stone – gambling experts who had been observing the raw stone carefully, which explained the problem.

When Xia ruofei was shopping, there were already dozens of bids for the raw stone No. 1896. Xia ruofei carefully checked and found that the highest bid was 8.3 million. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

There was still an hour or so before the bidding deadline, and the price might be updated again.

Although this raw stone was very popular and the price was terrifyingly high, Xia ruofei was not willing to cross it out of the book after much consideration.

The reason was simple. This raw gemstone was capable of causing the spirit painting scroll to tremble violently. The intensity of the reaction was at least among the top three raw gemstones present.

As for the other two raw gemstones, which had a stronger reaction, Xia ruofei gave up without much hesitation.

Both raw stones were semi – gambled, and the starting price was higher. The competition was more intense. There were at least two to three hundred bids in the bidding box for the raw stone in the first place, and the highest bid was seventy to eighty million.

If everything went as expected, that raw stone would be today’s highest bid.

In fact, from the reaction of the spiritual map, the Jade contained in this quasi – Mark King was definitely not ten times that of the raw stone that Xia ruofei had left behind.

Let alone ten times, it would probably be difficult to even double or triple.

Therefore, the raw stone that might cost eight to nine million Yuan to buy was the most valuable.

Xia ruofei thought about it for a long time and felt that he would not be willing to give up any of the eight raw gemstones.

He finally made up his mind to try to get them all!

So, he took out his phone and transferred 10 million US dollars from an overseas account. Then, he began to pay attention to the eight raw stones that he had his eyes on. He was ready to write down the most suitable price to invest before the bidding deadline.

logo