Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

?

Chapter 1560: A different gift (1)

Translator: 549690339

Xia ruofei was also stunned.

He had thought that he was in big trouble. After all, he had fought with the spirit body in the underground palace and knew that there was a huge gap between his strength and the other party ‘s.

Xia ruofei did not expect this to happen. The spirit body was much weaker than he had imagined.

Was it really just a remnant soul?

As soon as this thought appeared in Xia ruofei’s mind, he suddenly became alert.

At this moment, the remnant soul had completely dispersed, revealing the pink mist it had been wrapped in.

The pink smoke quickly spread in Song Wei’s body. A portion of it even split off and followed Xia ruofei’s spiritual will to invade his body.

The spirit body’s wild laughter rang in Xia ruofei’s head.””This is a gift I left for you. Enjoy it ...”

Then, the voice of the Spirit body completely disappeared, and the wisp of remnant soul quickly turned into nothingness.

Xia ruofei’s expression changed drastically. Years of being in the Special Forces had trained his calm mind and quick reaction. He subconsciously used his true energy to stop the strange pink smoke from entering his body.

However, Xia ruofei’s expression quickly turned even uglier. That was because the true energy had little effect on the pink smoke. It seemed to be pervasive. Even if it was wrapped in true energy, it would still quickly seep out.

Xia ruofei immediately switched to using his spiritual power to surround and intercept them.

His mental power cultivation had already reached the spirit throb stage, which was several levels higher than the cultivation of true Qi. In addition, it seemed that his mental power had a stronger restraining effect on the pink smoke, so the spreading momentum of the smoke was gradually controlled.

As Xia ruofei tried his best to deal with the strange pink smoke, he quickly recalled the cultivation books he had learned from the human – shaped jade talisman. Only by knowing yourself and your enemy could you win a hundred battles. Xia ruofei hoped to find the answer in those books. Once he knew what the pink smoke was, it would be much easier to deal with it.

At this moment, Xia ruofei suddenly felt Song Wei approaching him.

He quickly opened his eyes and saw that Song Wei’s face was as beautiful as a peach blossom, and her eyes were filled with endless madness ...

At this moment, Xia ruofei’s head felt like it was about to explode. The pink smoke that had been suppressed seemed to come alive again. He even felt his heart becoming restless ...

Xia ruofei bit his tongue and pushed Song Wei away while he was still conscious.

Song Wei’s movements were completely dominated by the pink smoke. After being pushed down by Xia ruofei, she quickly got up and pounced on Xia ruofei.

Xia ruofei was already struggling with the pink smoke and the evil thoughts. If Song Wei were to tease him, the consequences would be unimaginable.

While he was still conscious, he quickly thought of something. Then, without hesitation, he chopped at the back of Song Wei’s neck.

Song Wei fell limply on the bed.

Even though she had fainted, the blush on Song Wei’s face did not fade, and her long eyelashes fluttered slightly ...

Xia ruofei took a look and quickly closed his eyes.

Right now, he could not take this kind of stimulation. If he did not get rid of the pink smoke quickly, he was afraid that he would become like Song Wei and completely lose control of his own actions.

At that time, it was self – evident what would happen when a man and a woman were alone in the same room.

Xia ruofei quickly gathered his energy and directed it towards the pink smoke.

At this moment, Xia ruofei already knew what the pink smoke was.

There was an ancient book that recorded the anecdotes of the cultivation world. It mentioned something called the “peach blossom miasma”. Xia ruofei guessed that the pink smoke was most likely the peach blossom miasma.

Although the name was very tacky, the peach blossom miasma was indeed very vicious.

Once it entered the human body, the peach blossom miasma would even taint the soul. Unless one’s spiritual power was cultivated to a very strong degree, it was possible to expel it. Otherwise, one would be dominated by desire.

Of course, the spirit did not have good intentions. It did not just want Xia ruofei and Song Wei to have a good time. It was not plotting against Xia ruofei and Song Wei. It was doing something good.

In fact, the peach blossom miasma was not that simple.

The records in the ancient books showed that people who were poisoned by the peach blossom miasma would be affected by the poison unless they could expel the poison on their own. Even if they were chaste and strong women, they would gradually become a person with a very rotten private life.

What was more terrifying was that he could not control his own actions at all.

This was the most vicious intention of the spirit body.

She had invaded Song Wei’s soul and could naturally sense Song Wei’s feelings for Xia ruofei. So, at the last moment when she was forced to retreat, she split a wisp of her remnant soul at the cost of her damaged cultivation. She wrapped the peach blossom miasma and hid in Song Wei’s sea of consciousness.

Once Song Wei’s soul recovered and she regained her consciousness, the remnant soul would be activated and she would release the peach blossom miasma. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Xia ruofei had ruined the spirit body’s plan. She could not take revenge on Xia ruofei directly for the time being, so she thought of using this method to make Xia ruofei’s woman promiscuous. Her intentions were indeed vicious.

Xia ruofei’s expression turned even uglier after he learned this information.

He didn’t have any other way for the time being, so he could only concentrate on getting rid of the peach blossom miasma in his body.

logo