Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 157: Chance encounter_1

nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

MA Xiong’s family dinner was as luxurious as ever, but Xia ruofei was already immune to it. Although he was facing a billionaire, Xia ruofei also had a God – defying item like the spirit painting scroll. Moreover, he was MA Xiong’s Savior, so he was relatively calm. After the banquet, Xia ruofei brought Huanhuan on a night tour of the outer beach. Tian Huixin and Lu You were also with them. Of course, their trip was different from that of ordinary people. They boarded a medium – sized yacht from the private yacht dock next to MA Xiong’s Villa and took a night tour of the Huangpu River. Ever since Huan Huan had recovered, she liked to spend time with Xia ruofei. Perhaps the child knew that Xia ruofei had brought her out of her lonely world, so she had a natural sense of closeness to Xia ruofei. Even Tian Huixin, who was Huanhuan’s mother, and Lu You, who was Huanhuan’s cousin, could not compare to her in this aspect. During the entire night tour, Huanhuan stuck to Xia ruofei. Xia ruofei carried Huanhuan as they stood on the deck of the yacht and looked at the night view of Shen Cheng. To prevent the child from getting sick from the cold wind, Xia ruofei even wrapped Huanhuan in his coat. Lu You looked down from the second deck. She was envious when she saw this heartwarming scene. She had always liked Huanhuan. Although she was very close to Huanhuan now, Lu You could feel that her position in Huanhuan’s heart was far inferior to Xia ruofei ‘s. This also made Lu You a little depressed. She looked at the two figures on the lower deck and muttered in her heart,”I really don’t know what’s so good about this guy. Why does Huanhuan like to be with him ... The yacht went upstream. After stopping at another dock, the group went ashore again and strolled along the river for a long time before returning to their own homes. Naturally, Xia ruofei returned to Hengfeng Jiahua Hotel. The Rolls – Royce Phantom exclusive to the Presidential Suite was in charge of sending him off. At the dinner, Xia ruofei did not mention that he wanted to bring some truffles for the auction. This was because MA Xiong had already told him that the truffle tasting auction would be held tomorrow night. The auction was held in the grand banquet hall on the third floor of Hengfeng Jiahua Hotel. The preservation of truffles was a problem. The truffles provided by Xia ruofei were stored in the spirit map space, so they were definitely fresh. Hence, Xia ruofei decided to wait until tomorrow to take them out. If he were to tell MA Xiong today, he would have to leave the truffles in the outside world. Although it was fine to leave them in the outside world for a day, the taste and fragrance were not as good as fresh truffles that had just been unearthed. After returning to the hotel, Xia ruofei went to the Michelin – starred restaurant on the top floor to have some supper. Sitting on the large balcony on the top floor, Xia ruofei looked down at the boats coming and going on the Huangpu River and the brightly lit Oriental Pearl Tower opposite him. He tasted the best red wine and the most authentic French cuisine. Xia ruofei realized that he was gradually falling in love with such a high – Quality life. Of course, this wasn’t a bad thing. In a sense, it was also a driving force for him to keep moving forward. After returning to the Presidential Suite on the 20th floor, Xia ruofei took a hot, comfortable bath in the two – person Jacuzzi and lay down on the big bed in the bedroom. He fell asleep peacefully with the mesmerizing fragrance and soothing music ... The next day, the auction would only start at night. Xia ruofei enjoyed a Japanese – style breakfast prepared by one of the hotel’s top Japanese chefs, Watanabe Ono, in the Presidential Suite. After resting for a while, he changed his clothes and went to the hotel’s gym. Xia ruofei had been absorbing the petals of the exotic flower for a long time. His physical fitness was far better than when he was at the peak of his service in the Army. Naturally, he did not need to go to the gym to train his body. When he was in Sanshan city, Xia ruofei would at most practice a few moves of Tai Chi in the morning. It was more to cultivate his body than to strengthen his body. In fact, Xia ruofei did not think that the fancy equipment in the gym could train one’s body well. In his opinion, the targeted muscles in the gym looked good but were useless. Hence, Xia ruofei only went to the gym to kill time. He found the Nike Sportswear that he had prepared in advance in the separate cloakroom of the Presidential Suite and changed into it. He put on the professional running shoes of Arthur and took the elevator to the gym on the eighth floor of the hotel. Hengfeng Jiahua Hotel was mainly for luxury, and the gym was no exception. The facilities were world – Class and they had a strong team of professional trainers. When Xia ruofei showed his room card to the Presidential Suite, the person in charge of the gym sent the best trainers to serve Xia ruofei. However, Xia ruofei tactfully rejected the offer of the red – Belt regarding his expertise in muscle training. Xia ruofei, who had been in the Special Forces, was more than capable of beating these fitness trainers. Besides, Xia ruofei was just trying to kill time. He went to a corner of the gym and did some simple stretching exercises. Then, he found an empty treadmill. Xia ruofei took off his sports jacket first. He was only wearing an army green Sports vest and black Nike running shorts. After absorbing many petals, Xia ruofei’s originally dark skin became very fair. The muscles that he had trained in the Army were not so obvious. Hence, his figure was not very eye – catching in the gym. But only Xia ruofei himself knew that this seemingly unremarkable figure contained a terrifying explosive power. This power seemed to have penetrated into every cell. It was usually hidden, but once it exploded, it would be thunderous. Xia ruofei stood on the treadmill. At first, he set a speed of 10 kilometers per hour. However, after running for a while, Xia ruofei felt that it was too slow. He did not sweat even after running for a few hours ... In fact, this speed was not considered slow. Most people who ran to lose weight would set their speed between eight and ten. If the heart and lungs were slightly worse, it might be even slower. Xia ruofei’s body was too strong. Hence, he increased the speed slowly as he ran. When he increased the speed to 13 kilometers per hour, Xia ruofei started to feel it. Although it was still a little slow, he was afraid that the treadmill would not be able to take it if he increased the speed any further. Hence, he decided to slow down and run at this speed. Xia ruofei clicked on a movie on the LED screen in front of him. He watched the movie with his headphones on as he ran on the treadmill with ease. “Hello!” A voice came from beside Xia ruofei. Xia ruofei looked away from the screen and took off his headphones. He saw a blonde, blue – eyed, Western beauty jogging on the treadmill next door while smiling at him. [PS] announcing the VIP Reader group number: 295848872, genuine readers are welcome to join the group (after joining the group, you need to verify the screenshot of the full subscription).