Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

?

Chapter 1562: Do your best (1)

Translator: 549690339

Food had to be eaten one bite at a time, and things had to be done step by step.

After thinking of a solution, Xia ruofei was not so anxious. He quickly calmed down and thought about his next step.

Expelling the peach blossom miasma in Song Wei’s body was naturally a top priority. Otherwise, with so much poison accumulated in her body, and it would continue to regenerate, even in a coma, she would always be suffering from the torment of desire.

However, the first thing that came to Xia ruofei’s mind was the problem of setting up the formation. For the formation to be effective for a long time in the future, it needed a suitable carrier.

Jadeite was a good medium for drawing runes. Moreover, it was easier for Song Wei to carry the runes on her Jade.

The problem now was that Xia ruofei did not have any more Jade. After the last raw stone of the Suan ni was upgraded, there was still some Jade left inside but it was already badly damaged and had completely deformed. Hence, Xia ruofei simply let the space absorb the energy of the Jade essence.

It would be great if he didn’t sell the Jade he cut out to Yu mingdong! Xia ruofei was a little annoyed. Even if it was the glutinous Jade, it would have been better!

Thinking of Yu mingdong, Xia ruofei suddenly had an idea. Yu mingdong had cut out a lot of Jade today, and he even bought two of his own. All the Jade was in his room now!

He had helped Yu mingdong a lot today. If he asked him to buy a piece of Jade, he would definitely not refuse! Xia ruofei thought.

It was already close to two in the morning, but it was an urgent matter. Xia ruofei decided to look for Yu mingdong directly.

Of course, he didn’t go out immediately. Instead, he took out the array flag and organized it. Since it was already so late, he didn’t care if he was a little later. Song Wei’s situation couldn’t be waited, so he decided to get rid of the peach blossom miasma for Song Wei as much as possible. Besides, with the help of the time array, it wouldn’t take long.

Xia ruofei climbed onto the bed and sat beside Song Wei. Then, he waved his hand and threw out the array flag. He quickly set up a time array that was accelerated to about 80 times.

He grabbed Song Wei’s hand. Song Wei’s body was very hot and her skin was a seductive red. Even in a coma, her face revealed an irresistible charm.

Xia ruofei’s heart skipped a beat. He forced himself to calm down and cursed under his breath.

The spirit was too vicious. If Song Wei’s situation was not resolved, it was unimaginable that this elegant and beautiful woman would be completely controlled by her body’s instincts in a short time and become a promiscuous “public bus”.

This was worse than killing Song Wei.

Xia ruofei took a deep breath. Then, he released his spiritual energy and true Qi into Song Wei’s body.

The main target of the peach blossom miasma was Song Wei. At this moment, the meridians in her body were already filled with the lecherous pink smoke.

Xia ruofei’s spiritual energy and genuine Qi worked together to surround and block the pink smoke. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

This was a huge consumption, but Xia ruofei did not care about it. His only thought was to try his best to destroy all the miasma that he could.

Because of the time flow, Xia ruofei had been in the formation for more than a minute, and the second hand on the wall clock outside had only moved by one second. After a while, Xia ruofei’s forehead was covered with sweat and his body started to tremble.

He retracted his hand and took out the solution of the spirit Heart Flower petals from the space. After gulping it down, he adjusted his breathing for a while and immediately threw himself back into the difficult battle.

Finally, more than two minutes had passed in the outside world. In reality, Xia ruofei had experienced three hours before he had completely eliminated the peach blossom miasma in Song Wei’s meridians.

However, Xia ruofei had no way to deal with the miasma in his soul. He did not dare to penetrate into Song Wei’s sea of consciousness with his spiritual power.

Xia ruofei observed Song Wei’s condition and noticed that the flush on her face had faded and her body was not as hot as before. However, she still had a charm that came from her bones even though she was unconscious. It was the peach blossom desire that came from the depths of her soul.

A woman whose soul had been contaminated by the peach blossom miasma would not only become lewd, but also greatly increase her attraction to men. It was as if she was born with a bewitching bone that could arouse the most primitive desires of men.

Xia ruofei did not dare to look at her for too long. He quickly checked on Song Wei’s condition and realized that she would not wake up in a short period of time. Hence, he waved his hand and kept the array flag.

Xia ruofei stood up and quickly set up a time deceleration array around Song Wei. This also slowed down the flow of time around Song Wei’s position and prevented her from waking up when he went to look for Yu mingdong.

After doing all this, Xia ruofei carefully locked the door and left the room. He walked straight to the door of Yu mingdong’s room.

Xia ruofei raised his hand and gently knocked on the door. After two knocks, Xia ruofei heard a rustling sound coming from the room. A vigilant voice asked in a low voice,””Who is it?”

Xia ruofei was also impressed. Shi Lei was indeed from the Special Forces. He was very alert even when he was sleeping.

“I am Xia ruofei!” He said.

After Xia ruofei said this, he heard a sound from inside the house. Shi Lei had woken Yu mingdong up and then came to open the door.

Shi Lei peeked through the peephole and opened the door a little to take a look. When he saw that Xia ruofei was indeed outside alone, he quickly opened the door.

logo