Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 17: The Reappearance of The Tricolored Magical Flower

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Xia Ruofei saw at a glance that the flower crown of the nameless plant had grown petals again, and there was more than one. There were still three petals – red, yellow, and blue – almost identical to before.

When the tricolored flower grew out again, the entire nameless plant immediately had that inexplicable attraction that matched the principles of heaven and earth.

Xia Ruofei was extremely excited. He jogged all the way to the nameless plant and looked at the beautiful Tricolor Flower. He was so excited that his lips were trembling slightly. With the petals, Hu Zi’s mother’s illness could be cured!

Xia Ruofei’s hand trembled slightly as he reached for the Tricolor Flower. Just as his hand was about to touch the petals, he suddenly realized something and quickly retracted his hand as if he had been electrocuted.

At the same time, he broke out in a cold sweat.

In his excitement, Xia Ruofei had almost forgotten the most important thing—as long as the tricolored petals touched his hand, they would be directly absorbed and could not be plucked.

Xia Ruofei frowned and thought for a while. He felt that there was no other way. He could only try to pluck and preserve the petals without touching them with his hands.

He walked to the side. There were a few boxes on the side and they containted all the junk from the old house that he had sorted out. The rental apartment was too small to accommodate them, so he brought them all to the spiritual space to store.

Xia Ruofei rummaged around and found a first-aid kit. He opened it and took out a pair of tweezers.

After thinking about it, he felt uneasy. He took out some gauze and wrapped it around the forceps to prevent them from hurting the petals when he picked them.

Then, Xia Ruofei found another small plate and walked to the nameless plant.

He took a deep breath, gritted his teeth, and reached for the tricolor flower.

He touched the blue petals gently with the tweezers, and his heart began to race.

The petals shook slightly after being held by the forceps, but there was no change.

Xia Ruofei secretly heaved a sigh of relief, then carefully used the tweezers to grab the blue petal. With a little force, the petal fell off the flower crown.

Xia Ruofei placed the petals into the small plate and then repeated the same actions. He plucked the yellow and red petals and placed them in the small plate together. These tricolored petals were infinitely useful, and it seemed that they would grow back three days after being plucked. The more, the better. Xia Ruofei also took the opportunity to test if new petals would grow in three days.

After picking the petals, Xia Ruofei began to worry about the small plate with the three petals.

First of all, the petals could not come into contact with his body at all. Did he have to wear gloves or use forceps to hold them for Hu Zi’s mother to absorb it?

Moreover, Xia Ruofei vaguely felt that these flower petals had endless uses. Perhaps they did not even need an entire petal to cure Hu Zi’s mother’s uremia. Moreover, the soul-piercing comfort when absorbing the flower petals was too strong.

All of this meant that if Xia Ruofei took out the petals like this, the secret might not be kept. If Hu Zi’s mother or family let it slip, there would definitely be endless trouble.

Moreover, it was a little too shocking for him to rashly take a petal for others to consume. Even if the petal had just touched his lips, it might directly disappear.

Xia Ruofei thought hard for a long time and suddenly had an idea.

He left the Spiritual Map Space in a flash and found a bottle of 1L mineral water in the rental apartment. Ever since he had the Spiritual Map Space, he had been using the spiritual pond water, so he had not drunk this bottle of mineral water.

Xia Ruofei opened the bottle and poured out all the mineral water inside. Then, with a thought, he returned to the Spiritual Map Space.

He hurried to the edge of the pond and filled a full bottle of water. Then he gently picked up a petal with a pair of tweezers and carefully placed it in the mineral water bottle. Then he looked at it expectantly.

As soon as the yellow petals touched the spiritual pond water, they immediately melted without a trace. Moreover, the entire bottle of water was still extremely clear, as if the yellow petals had never existed.

Xia Ruofei heaved a sigh of relief. At the same time, he felt a little uneasy.

He raised the bottle to his mouth and took a sip. As soon as the pond water that had fused with the yellow petals entered his mouth, he immediately felt a familiar warmth. He felt extremely comfortable.

However, this sense of comfort was completely incomparable to directly absorbing an entire petal. Basically, it would not arouse any suspicion.

Only then did Xia Ruofei feel completely relieved.

Because this way, he could easily treat Hu Zi’s mother with diluted petal solution.

Thinking of this, Xia Ruofei did not want to wait any longer.

He left the Spiritual Map Space with the bottle of water that had fused with the yellow petals. As for the remaining blue and red petals, he carefully placed them in a small box and stored them in the Spiritual Map Space.

Xia Ruofei returned to his room and changed into his clothes. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

This time, he did not wear desert camouflage clothes. Instead, he dug out the casual clothes he had bought before he joined the army from the simple closet—a pair of jeans, a thin sweater, and a jacket.

Xia Ruofei had never bought casual clothes since he joined the army. The style of this set of clothes was naturally a little old-fashioned. After all, he had bought it many years ago. However, after Xia Ruofei absorbed the tricolored petals, his entire aura changed. Even though he was wearing ordinary clothes, he still gave off a sunny and refreshing feeling.

As he was about to go out, he looked at the large bottle of “mineral water” in his hand and frowned slightly in thought. He found a small bottle of mineral water and washed it clean before pouring most of the petal solution into it. Then he opened a bottle of grape juice drink that he had not drunk last time.

After filling the bottle, Xia Ruofei closed the cap and gently shook it to let the two liquids mix completely. The liquid in the small mineral water bottle turned light brown and looked a little like a potion.

Then, Xia Ruofei found two bottles of soda water and poured it into the mineral water bottle, mixing it with the solution.

He opened it and took a small sip. It tasted slightly sweet, and at the same time, faintly medicinal. Most importantly, the familiar warmth was still there, but it had become even less obvious after being diluted again.

Xia Ruofei tightened the cap of the bottle in satisfaction, then entered the space again with the big mineral water bottle and put it away. Xia Ruofei could not directly put things into the spiritual space in the outside world yet. He had to bring the items with him.

This small bottle of petal solution mixed with grape juice and soda water was the medicine Xia Ruofei had prepared for Hu Zi’s mother. After all, this looked more like a potion—the original solution was too clear, no different from clear water.

As for the amount, Xia Ruofei was not worried. Even if this potion could not completely cure Hu Zi’s mother’s uremia, they could at least relieve it greatly.

At worst, he could just deliver the medicine a few more times.

Xia Ruofei put the bottle of “medicine” into the black military-style satchel, then carried the satchel and left, heading straight for Hu Zi’s house.