Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

?

Chapter 1675: Popular all over the country (2)

In the end, they naturally booked two rooms. Alex personally escorted the two of them to their rooms, and then tactfully took his leave.

He knew that after going through such a life and death situation and going through such a struggle after landing, the two of them must be physically and mentally exhausted. What they needed the most was rest.

On the other hand, Xia ruofei was still in good condition. Feng Jing was really exhausted. Hence, Xia ruofei stood at the door of her room and spoke to her for a while before letting her rest.

Xia ruofei went to his room and took a shower.

The bathroom also had a large floor – to – Ceiling glass, which faced the beach. Of course, this glass was one – way.

Soaking in the bathtub, all he could see was the White, soft beach and the boundless sea. Taking a bath in such an environment really gave him a relaxed and happy feeling.

In fact, Xia ruofei had long wanted to bring Ling Qingxue on a trip to an Island like Saipan or the Maldives and live there leisurely for a while.

He did not expect that before this wish was realized, he would unexpectedly “wander” in Saipan.

The encounters in life were really wonderful!

After Xia ruofei finished his bath, he changed into the pajamas provided by the hotel and leaned against the bay window of his room. He lit a cigarette and started smoking while admiring the beautiful sea view.

......

Xia ruofei didn’t know that all the major new media platforms in the country were in an uproar.

An APP that provided real – time flight information first discovered that Xia ruofei’s flight was experiencing a deviation and a strange drop in altitude. It immediately posted it on Weibo and even provided a comparison chart of the estimated flight route and the actual flight trajectory.

This news didn’t attract much attention at first. Of course, a small number of people began to speculate about the incident with Malaysia Airlines. After all, there were many Chinese passengers on the plane. It was inevitable that people would think of the strange disappearance of the plane a few years ago.

After a while, the flight APP once again released first – hand information: “the answering machine for flight QF108 has been changed to 7700!” This meant that there was an emergency on the flight.

The moment this message was released, many people who were paying attention to this matter felt their hearts tighten.

As there was a certain delay in information, when QF108’s answering machine code was changed to 7700, the flight was already approaching Saipan airport. It was also Xia ruofei’s busiest time.

What really ignited the hot topic of public opinion was a Weibo post.

The blogger only had more than 200 fans, but it was this Weibo post that suddenly attracted everyone’s attention to the quodan incident.

The title of the Weibo post was “I was supposed to go to Australia, but now I’m in Saipan, basking in the moment of life and death I’ve experienced.”

The blogger wrote in this long Weibo post:

Today, I happily boarded the flight to Australia with my girlfriend. This was our first time traveling abroad and our first time taking an international flight. After boarding the plane, I was really excited. However, just two hours after the plane took off, while we were still looking forward to the Gold Coast of Australia, something that would be engraved in my heart for the rest of my life happened.

At that time, everything seemed normal. The plane was flying smoothly. My girlfriend said that she heard an abnormal sound in the front cabin. I even laughed at her overthinking. However, the next moment, the plane trembled violently, followed by a violent bump. The things in the cabin flew everywhere, and all the oxygen masks drooped down. At that moment, I was completely dumbfounded. Everything in front of me was like the end of the world.

After that, the air stewardess used all her strength to ask everyone to put on their oxygen masks. My girlfriend and I hurriedly put on our masks and felt the plane rapidly descending.

At that time, he really thought that he was done for. The sea was right below the plane! I seemed to have become slow. The only thought I had was to hold my girlfriend tightly. At that time, I thought that even if the plane crashed, I would still hold her tightly. At least we wouldn’t be separated after death.

After a while, the plane gradually stopped descending. However, the noise in the cabin was very loud, and the flight became very unstable. Many people were so scared that they cried out loud, and some wrote their wills with trembling hands.

I spent almost an hour in this torture, Yingying. I took a look at my watch, and the seconds counted like years. It felt like it was far longer than this. Yingying, the plane finally tried to land.

The first landing failed. The plane swayed over the runway and then rose quickly. Our mood was like a roller coaster.

The second time the plane landed, it finally landed on the runway. After it came to a stop, a bunch of police cars and fire trucks surrounded it. It was like a huge scene.

We didn’t know that the plane had landed in Saipan until we got off.

“If you think this is the biggest news of the day, then you’re all wrong. After Xuxu got off the plane and was waiting for the immigration procedures, a few Chinese people in the first class cabin told us that there seemed to be a problem with the pilot. It was a passenger in the first class cabin who landed the plane, and this passenger was a Chinese compatriot!

We didn’t believe it at first, Yingluo. This is simply a fantasy story! But soon, we saw a young Chinese man walking over accompanied by an Australian staff member. When we asked, he really did land the plane safely!

I’ll just ask you, aren’t you awesome?

“Finally, the last photo I took with this amazing person, I have a feeling that he will be famous all over China!

Anyway, my girlfriend asked me to go to the beach for a swim. I was going to Australia, but now I’m going to enjoy the sunny beach of Saipan! By the way, all the expenses will be covered by Quto!

......

When this blog post was published, it was originally difficult to attract any attention with his number of fans.

However, this blogger had tagged a few big V airline names, and one of them had helped him repost it. Such a twisted and bizarre incident naturally attracted a lot of attention, so it quickly became a hot search.

Of course, many people were skeptical of the content of the blogger, and some even scoffed at it.

Among them were many aviation professionals who were certified by Weibo, including pilots and even captains, as well as administrators.

These people were naturally more concerned about the news in the industry.

One of the captain’s remarks was very representative:

“The blogger’s article is full of mistakes. I don’t dare to say it’s definitely fabricated, but it’s really hard to believe that such a thing would happen.

First of all, this kind of transnational flight was equipped with at least two captains, and some even two crew, which meant that there were at least three pilots. The probability of all three pilots losing their abilities at the same time was lower than winning the lottery, right?

Secondly, flying was an extremely professional matter, especially with the high degree of precision of modern passenger planes. Even a private licensed pilot who had been trained to pilot small planes would have difficulty landing an Airbus A350 smoothly, let alone a complete layman.

Could it be that the passenger in the first – Class cabin was a professional pilot who happened to fly the Airbus series? Wasn’t this too much of a coincidence?

Therefore, I’m guessing that there might be some accidents on the plane, so I prepared to land in Saipan. As for the Chinese fellow who flew the plane, I think the possibility is extremely low. I hope that everyone will not spread false rumors. ” Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Many people in the aviation industry supported the captain’s point of view. In all fairness, this was also a relatively objective judgment.

However, many things could not be explained professionally.

Not long after the captain’s Weibo post was posted, it was “slapped in the face” by the power of Quto’s official Weibo.

Australian Airlines placed more importance on the Chinese business and had opened a verified account on the Weibo platform a long time ago.

This quinhang incident had not yet fully fermented, and public opinion was still in chaos. The quinhang official Weibo suddenly posted a very official Weibo.

The content of the Weibo post was: “today, flight QF108 from Beijing of China to suddeny, Australia encountered an extreme accident in flight. In the case of the pilot’s loss of ability, the Chinese passenger, Mr. Xia, with his outstanding courage and extraordinary technology, helped the crew complete an epic forced landing. Qishang expresses its deep gratitude for this!”

There was also a picture attached to the Weibo post. It was the original text of the official announcement from Quto, with the signature of the CEO of Quto at the back.

As soon as this Weibo post was posted, it immediately caused a huge wave of public opinion ...