Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

1709 Â Amazing as a celestial (3)

Â  What made Jennifer even more horrified was that Li Yifu then respectfully invited Tang Haoran to sit next to Xia ruofei and even called Tang Haoran "uncle."

Â  Jennifer was completely confused. She asked Tang Yitian in a low voice,""Ethan, what ... What's going on?"

Â  In fact, no matter how soft her voice was, it could not be hidden from cultivators like Xia ruofei and Li Yifu. Hence, Xia ruofei smiled and explained,""We just had an exchange and found out that you have some connections with my sect. According to seniority, Haoran should be your uncle ..."

Â  Jennifer could not help but cover her mouth as her eyes flickered with shock.

Â  After a long while, she said,"this ... How can this be?" Then, we ..."

Â  "Grandpa Li said that we'll discuss our own matters!" Tang Yitian said quickly.

Â  Jennifer's level of Chinese was not good enough to understand this sentence, so she could not help but repeat it subconsciously,""Each of us has our own opinions?"

Â  "Grandpa li is called martial uncle Haoran. We should still call him Grandpa li!" Tang Yitian explained.

Â  "Oh!" Jennifer was suddenly enlightened, but she still felt that something was not right.

Â  Xia ruofei did not wait for Jennifer to speak and said,""Let's not discuss this for now. Everyone, take a seat! Let's eat, let's eat!" DiisCoover ğ’–pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)coğ’

Â  Only then did everyone take their seats. Li Yifu sat in the seat below Tang Haoran.

Â  Tang Yitian asked the family's chef to prepare a sumptuous dinner. There were Australian specialties and some traditional Chinese food. Everyone could take what they needed, and everyone ate with great relish.

Â  Li Yifu was the only one who was a little upset and absent - minded the whole time.

Â  He had been thinking about Xia ruofei's teaching and was eager to do it, but he didn't dare to show it.

Â  Xia ruofei could understand Li Yifu's feelings. Seeing that everyone was almost done eating, he pushed the bowl away and said with a smile,""I'm done eating! Adopted husband, are you full?"

Â  "Senior granduncle, I'm also full!" Li Yifu quickly said.

Â  Feng Jing overheard their conversation and felt as if she was watching a wuxia film. No matter how she looked at it, it didn't seem real. However, everyone could see that Li Yifu's respect and admiration for Xia ruofei were from the bottom of his heart.

Â  Xia ruofei laughed and said,"okay!" Big brother Tang, can I trouble you to help me find a quiet and spacious room? I'll go have a chat with my adopted husband! By the way, Haoran, come over too!"

Â  Since Feng Rao and Jennifer were present, Xia ruofei didn't mention anything about cultivation. But Tang Yitian naturally understood. He quickly arranged for Xia ruofei and Li Yifu to stay in the tea room where he usually made tea and met his friends. He also lit up sandalwood and made three cups of fragrant tea before he left the tea room.

Â  Tang Haoran didn't drink tea at such a young age. Two cups of tea would be enough, but Tang Yitian had already checked Li Yifu's pulse. He didn't even need to think to know that if he really made two cups of tea, Li Yifu would definitely offer it to Xia ruofei and Tang Haoran respectfully, and he would definitely not drink it himself.

Â  Tang Yitian brought Xu Ziyuan, Feng Rao, and Jennifer to a living room far away from the tea room. They sat down and chatted while making tea.

Â  Feng Rao was also very curious about Xia ruofei's sudden appearance of such an old Grand - disciple. She had never heard of Xia ruofei's sect before!

Â  However, she didn't want to ask Tang Yitian about it. She could only keep these questions in her heart and find a chance to ask Xia ruofei.

Â  In the tea room.

Â  Xia ruofei and Li Yifu sat cross - legged, and even Tang Haoran followed suit and sat beside Xia ruofei.

Â  Xia ruofei smiled and asked,"foster husband, tell me about the doubts you have during your cultivation." I'll see if I can answer your questions!"