Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

?

Chapter 1735: Yin – yang transformation (2)

Zhao Yongjun and the others weren’t exaggerating. There wasn’t a single person in the vicinity during the day. When he drove past the hot spring resort near the plot of land, he found that the business there seemed to have been affected. It was very quiet.

It was obvious that under the effects of the yin formation of the nine revolutions universe formation, there had been a lot of spooky things happening here.

Besides, the yin formation was constantly absorbing Yin Qi. Within the area covered by the formation, the Qi field would conflict with the Qi field of strangers. An ordinary person would feel uncomfortable even in broad daylight. Xia ruofei had been delayed for more than ten days, so it was reasonable that this place was deserted.

Xia ruofei parked the car in an inconspicuous place and walked over.

He stood on the side of the road and looked in the direction of the land. As expected, he sensed that the yin Qi here had already accumulated quite thick. Fortunately, it was broad daylight now, and it was close to noon. If he had come at midnight like the last time, he was afraid that even if he did it personally, he would have to go through a lot of trouble.

It was almost noon, and the Yang Qi was close to the peak of the day. It was much easier for Xia ruofei to make a move now.

He muttered to himself for a moment before his figure shot out like lightning, speeding towards the lakeside. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

If song Rui was here, he would immediately know that Xia ruofei’s destination was the place where he had been deeply frightened that night.

This position was also where the formation eye was.

When the yin formation was activated, Xia ruofei had to wait for Zhao Yongjun and Wu Qiang to set up the other auxiliary positions. Then, he could set up the eye of the formation and let song Rui activate the formation.

Now that it was a yang formation, Xia ruofei had to do the opposite and destroy the formation eye first.

There was no one here, so Xia ruofei did not hide his cultivation. In a few breaths, he had arrived at the eye of the array.

This was the place with the densest Yin Qi in the entire formation. Although it was close to noon, Xia ruofei could still feel a sinister aura eroding him.

However, this level of Yin Qi was nothing to Xia ruofei. He circulated the “great Dao technique” and the slight discomfort immediately disappeared. It was as if the temperature around him had risen a little. If someone was beside Xia ruofei at this time, they would definitely realize that he could feel the warmth of the sun.

Xia ruofei took out a shovel from the spirit map space and dug to the spot where the Jade carving of the downhill Tiger was buried.

Xia ruofei dug out all the soil around the Jade statue, then threw the shovel away. He squatted down and grabbed the Jade statue.

He exerted a little force, trying to turn the Jade statue counterclockwise.

However, the Jade statue immediately produced resistance in a clockwise direction. Xia ruofei had used so much strength but the Jade statue did not move at all.

Xia ruofei snorted and mumbled to himself,””The power of a natural formation can’t be underestimated ...”

This Yin formation had been activated for more than ten to twenty days. It was like a giant object. Although it was very slow when it was activated, as it gradually accelerated, the inertia was very terrifying. It was very difficult to slow it down easily, let alone push it in the opposite direction.

What Xia ruofei had to do now was to push this giant thing in the opposite direction.

His eyes flickered as he silently activated the “great Dao art” and poured true Qi into his hands. Then, he shouted.

The Jade statue finally started to move under Xia ruofei’s control. The entire formation seemed to be shaking as well.

One round, two rounds.

Xia ruofei turned the mountain tiger jade carving counterclockwise for two rounds and immediately turned it clockwise for three rounds. Then, he shouted and lifted the Jade carving up.

As the Jade statue left the pit, there seemed to be an invisible force gushing out of the pit. There was no wind at all, but Xia ruofei’s hair was blowing and there was a cold air blowing at him.

Xia ruofei didn’t dare to be slow. He used the “great Dao technique” with all his might to resist.

Fortunately, the cultivation of his spiritual power had also reached the spirit throb stage, so the negative effects of Yin Qi were greatly weakened in front of him. Otherwise, even a cultivator, such as a master like Li Yifu, would have lost his mind and developed hallucinations under the impact of the yin Qi just now.

The massive force just now was the yin Qi that the yin formation had gathered over the past ten days. Although this Yin Qi would gradually spread throughout the entire formation, the formation eye naturally had the most of it.

After about five minutes, the yin Qi was completely released.

When the yin energy left the ground, it could only wreak havoc in a limited area. Without the protection of the array, it was exposed to the sun without any defense. When the yin energy came into contact with the sun, it melted like snow under the hot sun.

Xia ruofei only heaved a sigh of relief when the yin Qi was completely released. By then, his back was already drenched in sweat.

Although he had made it sound easy to Zhao Yongjun and the others yesterday, there was still a certain risk. This was a natural array!

However, now that the most difficult step had been completed, Xia ruofei was completely at ease.

Next, his figure flickered and he arrived at one of the nine positions that Zhao Yongjun and Wu Qiang were responsible for setting up. He quickly dug down, and soon, the locust tree, grandson nail, and round mirror were also exposed.

Xia ruofei took out the items one by one. First, he smashed the locust tree with the nail into pieces. Then, he took out a snakeskin bag from the medium and put the broken pieces and the coffin nail into it.

Next, Xia ruofei kept the other things and used the shovel to continue digging.

The Yang formation he was going to set up this time would be used permanently, so he had to bury all the items deep underground to prevent them from being accidentally destroyed during construction.

Xia ruofei dug a three – meter deep hole and took out three Jade talismans that he had prepared earlier. He calculated the location and arranged them in a triangular formation at the bottom of the hole. Finally, he took out the round mirror and placed it in the middle of the three Jade talismans, reflecting upwards.

Then, Xia ruofei tiptoed and landed on the ground lightly.

He waved his shovel and quickly filled the pit, stepped on it, and finally camouflaged it so that there were no obvious traces of digging.

After that, Xia ruofei immediately rushed to the next location.

Just like that, he finished setting up all nine points.

This was also because Xia ruofei was full of energy and could dig very quickly. If it were someone else, even if they didn’t eat or drink all day and just worked, they definitely wouldn’t be able to finish so many things.

Even with Xia ruofei’s high efficiency, it was already 12:15 in the afternoon when he had set up all nine points.

Xia ruofei looked at his watch and increased his speed. He flew towards the array eye.

When he arrived at the array core by the lake, he placed the Jade sculpture of the downhill Tiger to the side. Then, he waved his shovel and quickly dug a hole. He also dug a hole that was about three meters deep.

Xia ruofei raised his head and looked at the sun. It was already past 12:30.

He quickly took out the last eight Jade talismans from the space and arranged them according to the eight trigrams after calculating their positions. Then, he jumped to the ground and took the downhill Tiger Jade statue in his hand.

Xia ruofei extended his finger and drew a few lines on the surface of the Jade with his spiritual power.

The formation inside the Jade carving had been completely changed by these simple drawings, as if all the circuits had turned into opposite attributes. This was the wonder of this formation, as long as a few simple changes were made, it could be completely reversed.

Of course, the Jade carving of the downhill Tiger was also the key to activating the Yang formation.

Xia ruofei took the Jade statue and jumped into the hole. He placed it in the center of the eight Jade talismans and activated the formation on the eight talismans in a specific order.

Eight invisible lines were all connected to the mountain tiger jade carving.

Xia ruofei looked at his watch again. It was 12:45. It was 15:00 in the afternoon, the time of the day when Yang Qi was the strongest.

Xia ruofei did not hesitate any longer. He reached out and slapped the mountain tiger Jade statue ...