Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

?

Chapter 1736: One drink, one Peck_1

A huge resistance came from the Jade statue. Xia ruofei had used at least 50 – 60% of his strength. Under normal circumstances, the Jade statue would have shattered. However, it was not damaged at all and did not even move.

Xia ruofei knew that it was not easy to reverse yin and yang in such a natural formation. He gritted his teeth and circulated the “great Dao Sutra” crazily. The true Qi in his body rushed to his palm. Then, he shouted and pressed down hard again.

At this moment, not only did the Jade Mountain tiger statue not sink, it even defied the laws of physics and slowly floated up.

Xia ruofei was not shocked. Instead, he was happy and continued to suppress the Jade statue.

This time, the mountain tiger Jade statue, under the immense pressure, slowly started to spin in Xia ruofei’s palm. The speed of the spin was very slow. Xia ruofei stared at the Jade statue, not daring to relax at all.

The true Qi in his body was also being consumed rapidly. Fortunately, he was already close to Qi disciple Level 6. His true Qi storage could support him for at least half an hour. Hence, Xia ruofei was not in a hurry.

After about five minutes, the Jade statue finally rotated to a certain angle. At this time, the downhill Tiger’s mouth was facing the direction of the scorching sun in the sky.

Xia ruofei could clearly feel the violent shaking of the Jade statue. A strong wave of Yang Qi came from the sky and was directly sucked into the mouth of the mountain tiger Jade statue.

It was as if a giant war chariot had finally been pushed onto the track. Xia ruofei felt the pressure on his body relax. The mountain tiger jade carving also landed steadily at this moment, accurately landing in the center of the eight Jade talismans.

The Yang Qi was transferred from the mountain tiger jade carving to the eight Jade talismans, forming a mysterious cycle. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Xia ruofei heaved a long sigh of relief and sat down in the pit. At this time, he felt that his hands and feet were a little weak. This was a sign that he had used up too much energy in a short period of time.

However, even though he was physically exhausted, Xia ruofei was extremely excited. With the mountain Tiger’s return to its position, he had successfully activated the Yang formation of the nine revolutions heaven and earth formation.

At this moment, the temperature of the entire area enveloped by the formation began to slowly rise. The inexplicable negative effects brought about by the yin formation from before had also disappeared. Even the remaining Yin Qi in the corners had also rapidly melted away with the activation of the Yang formation.

Most importantly, Xia ruofei could already feel spiritual Qi gathering around him.

Although the Yang formation of the nine revolutions heaven and earth formation was not a true spirit gathering formation, as a natural formation, it was much more advanced than the spirit gathering formation. In addition to gathering a certain amount of spirit Qi, it also had many other benefits. Whether it was for cultivators or ordinary people, this place was regarded as a treasure land.

Xia ruofei panted as he released his spiritual power to sense the entire formation.

No problem! He had set up ten points, one main, nine auxiliary, which were equivalent to a medicinal primer. The real effect was the natural formation formed by the terrain, Qi field, and many other factors. Now, this formation had been completely transformed into a yang formation.

Xia ruofei was finally at ease. He lay sprawled out in the pit and felt the warmth of the sun. The chilliness from the eye of the yin formation had disappeared. He was so comfortable that he felt drowsy.

After resting for a while, Xia ruofei stood up and leaped out of the pit. He then quickly filled the pit with soil, stepped on it, and put on the necessary disguise.

Then, Xia ruofei walked around the barren land again, feeling the changes brought by the array. Finally, he returned to the array eye by the lake.

He had already decided to build a small villa on top of the array eye. This place was adjacent to the lake and was surrounded by two mountains. The scenery was already very good. When the time came, this small villa would definitely not be open to the public. He wanted to set up a few array techniques at the array eye. It would be easy to create a treasured land for cultivation.

Satisfied, Xia ruofei stomped on the array eye before turning around and walking towards the parking lot. Then, he took his car and returned to the courtyard house in the capital.

......

At the Imperial hot spring resort in Xiaotang town.

This resort was located not far from Xia ruofei’s land. The land auction was also held here.

The lobby manager, du Jingjing, stood beside the bar and looked at the empty lobby with a hint of worry on her face.

Ever since the news of the haunting spread, the resort’s business had taken a nosedive, especially at night. No guest had stayed over for more than a week, and even the resort’s staff were unwilling to stay for the night shift.

Without customers, the most direct impact on du Jingjing was her income. Without a performance bonus, it was not enough to rely on her fixed salary.

What’s more, they were in such a situation right now ... Thinking of this, du Jingjing couldn’t help but reach out and touch her slightly protruding lower abdomen. When she thought about how the baby would be born in a few months, the expenses would be so high, and her face was full of worry.

A few employees had already resigned because they couldn’t see any hope of the resort’s business doing well again. However, du Jingjing was a little reluctant to give up her job. She had worked hard from an ordinary waitress to a Foreman. If she changed to a new place and started all over again, all her previous efforts would be in vain.

Furthermore, she was pregnant now. Who would be willing to hire her? after Wanwan hired her, she had to give her half a year of paid maternity leave after working for a few months. Otherwise, it would be a violation of labor laws!