Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

?

Chapter 1745: Liquid gold (1)

After Song Wei left, Xia ruofei was in low spirits.

On the one hand, he wanted to show Ling Qingxue his attitude by posting this on Weibo. On the other hand, he did it on purpose. He hoped that Song Wei would be able to leave this world as soon as possible.

It turned out that it was effective, but Xia ruofei could not be happy.

Wu Qiang drove Song Wei back to school. Xia ruofei was the only one in the huge courtyard house and it was very quiet. He sat quietly in the yard, drinking tea and smoking. In a short while, there were more than a dozen cigarette butts left in the ashtray on the stone table.

In the end, Xia ruofei heaved a long sigh of relief, collected his thoughts, and returned to his room.

Thinking too much about many things would only add to his troubles, so Xia ruofei decided not to think about it anymore. He had to go and deal with the barrel of noble rot wine.

After locking the doors and windows and drawing the curtains, Xia ruofei summoned the spirit map scroll from his palm and entered the space with a thought.

The noble decay wine had already been stirred twice. According to Old West’s instructions, it had to be stirred at least ten times before the yeast and the wine were completely mixed. Then, it had to be clarified, and the upper layer of the wine was poured into another oak barrel.

Noble rot wine was different from ordinary Semillon. It could be ripened in an oak barrel, while white Semillon wine was ripened in a bottle.

As the interval between each stirring was at best three to four days, Xia ruofei made full use of the time array flag and the time acceleration effect of the Archean realm. He frequently shuttled between the mountain sea realm and the Archean realm to stir the noble decay wine.

After stirring it 10 times, Xia ruofei placed the wooden barrel back into the time formation. He then waited for a while in the mountain sea realm. In fact, under the 2000 times time acceleration, the wooden barrel had already been in the time formation for several days.

After returning to the Archean realm, Xia ruofei removed the time array flags and opened the wooden barrel to take a look. He realized that the wine had completely cleared up. The impurities had all sunk to the bottom of the barrel, and the top layer was a golden color, like pure liquid gold.

In fact, the expensive rotten wine was very popular and difficult to produce, so its price was naturally high. In addition to its golden color and thick texture, it was indeed known as “liquid gold” by wine lovers.

Xia ruofei resisted the urge to taste it. After all, this expensive rotten wine was very precious and there wasn’t much of it. It wasn’t in its best state as it hadn’t gone through the process of ripening.

Due to its high sugar content, the noble rot wine had a strong aging potential. Some even needed more than 10 years to reach its drinkable period, and the good quality noble rot wine could even have a storage potential of more than half a century.

Therefore, drinking it at this time was undoubtedly a waste of God’s gift.

If it was in the outside world, Xia ruofei would need to transfer the wine in the upper layer to a new oak barrel and then use the magical time to give this barrel of noble rot wine a better taste.

In the spirit map space, everything became very simple.

With a thought, Xia ruofei sucked out all the wine in the barrel. It floated in the air and formed a Golden Ball that looked like Amber.

With Xia ruofei’s current level of control over the spatial energy, his control was rather precise. Not a single drop of the noble rot wine was left in the oak barrel, and not a single trace of the impurities at the bottom were sucked up.

Next, Xia ruofei used the new ability he had obtained after the space upgrade to create a small space and imprisoned the precious noble rot wine in this small space.

He used the spatial spirit pool’s water to thoroughly wash the barrel three times, then used his true Qi to evaporate all the water.

Then, Xia ruofei transferred the precious rot wine from the temporary space into the oak barrel and sealed it.

Xia ruofei had no other choice. He had only brought back two oak barrels. The one that contained the Semillon was empty, but if there were no new barrels, the one that contained the expensive rot wine would be more suitable.

After all, no matter how clean it was, it was impossible to avoid traces of residue.

If the oak barrel used to store Semillon was used, even a very small amount of residue would cause a change in the taste of the expensive rotten wine. However, the oak barrel used to store the expensive rotten wine naturally did not have such a problem.

Now, the oak barrel was filled with the brewed noble rot wine. The only thing he lacked was time.

Time was also an easy problem for Xia ruofei, who had the spirit map space and the time array flag. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Xia ruofei was very confident in his precious rotten wine. He believed that even if it ripened for ten, twenty, or even fifty years, it would not be a problem. It would only make the body more full and the taste more mellow.

Hence, Xia ruofei immediately set up time array flags around the barrel of precious rotten wine.

He was prepared to come back a few days later to remove the formation and waste seven or eight days. Under the time flow of more than 2000 times, it would be equivalent to 40 to 50 years.

Xia ruofei believed that he would get a barrel of the world’s best expensive sweet wine.

After that, Xia ruofei walked around the medium.

Xia Qing was still busy expanding the herb garden, taking care of the tea trees, Dendrobium candids, Cordyceps, and other precious crops. Before Xia ruofei refined the puppet, Xia Qing would definitely continue to be busy. As the space expanded, Xia Qing was the only spiritual puppet, and there would be endless things to do.