Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

176 Â Chapter 173 - little fairy (1)

Â  Â  "Oh? Monica, forgive me for being blunt ... Shouldn't we be competing with each other?" Xia ruofei asked with a smile.

1

Â  "No, no, no, Xia, we can definitely work together." Monica said,"our Grao family is a truffle dealer. In Italy, especially in the Alba region, we buy high - Quality truffles from truffle hunters to sell. I think, we can also sell truffles for the Paradise Corporation, can't we?" ğ‘…read latest chğ’‚pters at n/ğ’v(e)lbiğ’(.)co/m

Â  Xia ruofei smiled."You're right. However, high - end truffles are a seller's market. As long as there's good stuff, there's no need to worry about sales."

Â  "That may be the case," Monica chuckled."But it's undeniable that our Grasso group's advantage in sales channels is unparalleled. Of course, I know that you don't have to worry about the sales of your truffles, but I guess you don't just care about the profits from selling truffles, right?"

Â  Monica paused and looked at Xia ruofei.""Xia, if we work together, as long as you provide truffles, we can label them as from the Paradise Corporation when we sell them!"

Â  Xia ruofei raised his eyebrows and was slightly tempted.

Â  Monica's suggestion was indeed sincere. She could also see that Xia ruofei was more concerned about the company's brand awareness.

Â  There was no doubt that the auction was very successful. However, the Paradise Corporation did not have much of a background, while the Grasso group was completely different. They had the world's top customer base, including the Super - rich, various politicians, and even the royal family of the Middle East. If Xia ruofei had to rely on the Paradise Corporation to open up these channels, it would naturally take a long time and effort.

1

Â  Choosing to work with the Grasso company was indeed a shortcut.

Â  Monica smiled and said,"how is it?" Xia, what do you think of my suggestion?"

Â  "I can consider it!" Xia ruofei smiled and said,"if we can work together in this way, it'll be a win - win situation."

Â  Xia ruofei thought for a while and suddenly smiled."Monica, it seems like you didn't bid for our truffle yesterday just for grandfather's birthday party, right?"

Â  There would definitely be all sorts of schemes and intrigues within a large family. Xia ruofei guessed that Monica also had her own limitations in the Grasso group. The bid for the truffle was probably to use the most direct and shocking way to convince the opposition and facilitate this cooperation.

Â  "Can you see that I'm good to you?" Monica smiled and said,"how is it? Don't you feel honored?"

Â  "It's my honor!"Xia ruofei laughed.

Â  "Alright! "It's not easy to get a date with a handsome guy. I don't want to talk about work the whole afternoon ..."Monica looked at Xia ruofei with a smile.

Â  After she finished speaking, Monica gently tidied up her golden hair. Then, she held her chin and stared straight at Xia ruofei.

1

Â  The burning gaze made Xia ruofei feel uncomfortable. He changed his sitting position unnaturally and asked,""Then what do you want to talk about?"

Â  "Of course we're talking about romance ..." Monica giggled.

Â  At this moment, Xia ruofei felt a smooth foot stepping on the back of his foot. Then, it slowly moved up his calf. Xia ruofei's whole body could not help but freeze.

1

Â  It turned out that Monica had taken off her high heels at some point in time and was now secretly stretching her feet out from under the table ...

Â  Although they were separated by her pants, Xia ruofei could still feel the smoothness of Monica's feet. On the balcony of this high - end Western restaurant, both of them were dressed in elegant formal clothes. Under the table, it was a different scene. This kind of feeling made Xia ruofei feel excited.

Â  Of course, he was more embarrassed.

Â  Seeing Xia ruofei's expression, Monica burst out laughing. She retracted her foot and said,""Xia, you seem to be shy ..."

Â  "Did I?" Xia ruofei looked at Monica with wide eyes.

Â  "What do you think?" Monica asked back with a smile.

Â  Xia ruofei shrugged and smiled bitterly," The fiery passion of the Italy girl does make me a little ..."

Â  Xia ruofei couldn't find a suitable word to describe it. Monica was still holding her chin with both hands. She looked at Xia ruofei with her big eyes and said in a sexy nasal voice,""Huh?"

Â  "I'm a little overwhelmed ..." Xia ruofei said.

Â  Monica laughed and said,""Alright, alright, I won't tease you anymore ... Cute little man!"

Â  Hearing this, Xia ruofei couldn't take it anymore. This was a matter of a man's dignity. How could he not tolerate this?

Â  "Monica, I'm not a little man ..." Xia ruofei said seriously."There's still some time before my plane takes off. Why don't you come back to my room with me?" We'll know once we try!"

Â  Monica's eyes slowly widened. Her beautiful eyes were filled with surprise. She did not expect Xia ruofei to be so bold. Especially after Xia ruofei finished speaking, he still had a faint smile on his face and stared at her without blinking. A trace of panic flashed in her eyes.

Â  However, Monica's panic only lasted for a moment. Soon, she revealed a charming smile, stood up, and said,""Alright! I also want to know how it feels to go on a date with a Chinese man! I believe that the strong Xia ... Will definitely not let me down!"

1

Â  This time, it was Xia ruofei's turn to be dumbfounded. Wasn't Monica always teasing him? Didn't ma Zhiming say that Monica didn't even care about the pursuits of those rich young masters in Europe? Why did he get serious all of a sudden?

Â  Seeing Xia ruofei's dumbfounded look, Monica laughed and said,""I'm just joking! I still have a business appointment at noon. Time is a little tight, so I'll take my leave first! Thank you for your hospitality! A little man ..."

Â  Then, Monica smiled at Xia ruofei, picked up the lady's bag, and left.

Â  After taking a few steps, Monica turned back and walked to Xia ruofei's side. She leaned close to his ear and said,""Next time when I have time, I will definitely come and try it out. At that time, you are not allowed to run away!"

Â  After she finished speaking, Monica turned around and left with a charming smile, bringing with her a fragrant wind.

Â  A bitter smile appeared on Xia ruofei's face. This Monica was simply a mesmerizing demon. She was emitting a fatal seduction from head to toe, but her mouth was too unreliable. One could not tell which was true and which was not ...

Â  After Monica left, Xia ruofei still felt an itch on his calf. The faint fragrance in the air had not completely dissipated. There seemed to be a fire burning in his heart that could not be extinguished for a long time.

1

Â  She was really a little demon that could cause a disaster! Kill, not bury! Xia ruofei thought with a bitter smile.

Â  After leaving the top - Floor restaurant, Xia ruofei returned to the Presidential Suite to pack up and wait for MA Xiong and the rest to return.

Â  Just as Xia ruofei had finished packing, his phone suddenly rang ...

Â  [PS] announcing the VIP Reader group number: 295848872, genuine readers are welcome to join the group (after joining the group, you need to verify the screenshot of the full subscription).

Â 