Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 179: Turbulence in the clear sky (1)

Turbulent flow in the clear sky This caught everyone off guard, because the flight was very stable, and the sky was clear. Therefore, the sudden fall was quite sudden, and no one was mentally prepared. What was worse was that because the plane was flying steadily, the seat belt warning light was not lit up, so many people had to unbuckle their seat belts. For example, Xia ruofei and Lu You had stood up and left their seats after the plane ride. They did not put on their seat belts when they returned. The plane was falling at a great speed. Under the effect of inertia, many passengers who did not wear their seat belts and the busy flight attendants were directly lifted into the air. Naturally, Xia ruofei and Lu You could not resist the force of inertia and were instantly sent flying from their seats. Xia ruofei’s reaction was still far beyond that of an ordinary person. In that split second, he almost subconsciously reached out to hug Lu You because he knew that Lu You was in a sleeping state without any defense and was most likely to be seriously injured. At this moment, Xia ruofei did not have time to think. It was all done subconsciously. He only had time to hold Lu You tightly before he was slammed into the ceiling of the cabin. Even though Xia ruofei’s physical fitness was outstanding, such a crash still made him dizzy. Especially since he only had time to take care of Lu You. He didn’t have the time to make any self – Protection actions. Therefore, the back of his head hit the ceiling. For a moment, he saw stars and almost fainted. And he was hugging Lu You! Lu You’s head also hit his chest heavily, and he almost fainted. In such a situation, Lu You naturally woke up immediately. In her daze, she didn’t realize what had happened at all. She felt that her body was already in the air, and a pair of big hands were holding her tightly. A masculine aura hit her in the face. Then, the seats in the cabin appeared in her field of vision. These seats were all below her, and all kinds of hysterical screams rang in her ears. The next moment, the cabin seats began to rapidly enlarge in his eyes. This was because the plane had already stopped falling. The force of inertia had disappeared, and gravity was back in effect. All the people who had been directly and ruthlessly stuck to the ceiling just now began to fall back down to the ground. Xia ruofei gritted his teeth and endured the pain all over his body. He twisted his waist in the air and forcefully turned his body around. He was now in a position where Lu You was on top and he was on the bottom. Then, the two of them fell down heavily. With a thud, Xia ruofei’s waist hit the mahogany arm of the chair. It was so painful that tears almost came out of his eyes. Furthermore, he had once again become Lu You’s meat cushion. The two of them didn’t have any time to react. Lu You was on top of Xia ruofei, and their lips were even touching. However, there was no romantic atmosphere. Xia ruofei only felt a burning pain on his lips. It was obvious that Lu You’s teeth had knocked against his. As for what it felt like when Lu You’s Red lips landed on his, Xia ruofei had no memory of it at all. Not only that, but Lu You’s entire body was on top of Xia ruofei. This time, Xia ruofei felt something soft to the touch. However, he was not in the mood to let his imagination run wild because he felt that his waist was about to break. Lu You, who looked so slim, seemed to be as heavy as a thousand pounds at this moment. Xia ruofei was almost out of breath. It might take a long time to describe, but in fact, this series of accidents happened in just two or three seconds. As a man, protecting the woman beside him was a subconscious reaction, Xia ruofei included. Lu You only came back to her senses after she was heavily pressed against Xia ruofei. At this time, the cabin was a mess. All kinds of painful moans and cries were heard one after another. Many people in the flight crew were injured, and Yingluo and the others were all working standing, unlike some passengers who had their seat belts on. So when the sudden fall happened, almost all of them were thrown up by inertia. What frightened everyone more was not the pain on their bodies. The plane was now at an altitude of 10000 meters, and the sudden fall just now had made them lose their souls. Could there be something wrong with the plane? If anything happened at this height, he would die without an intact body! At this moment, the cabin’s broadcast rang out. Everyone heard the captain’s calm voice,””Dear passengers, the plane just encountered turbulence in the clear sky, so there was a huge jolt. We have now flown out of the turbulence zone, so please do not panic. The plane is in normal condition!” The captain paused for a moment and continued,””Flight crew, please check the passengers ‘injuries and treat them immediately. Passengers with medical experience, please assist the flight crew, thank you!” The captain’s announcement calmed many people down. It also made Lu You realize that she was still on top of Xia ruofei. At this moment, their bodies were very close, almost face to face and mouth to mouth. Lu You’s face heated up and she quickly got off Xia ruofei. It was only then that Lu You realized that Xia ruofei’s waist was firmly pressed against the solid wood arm of the chair. At this moment, he was already grimacing in pain and his face was a little pale. Although everything had happened in a flash, Lu You had already realized that Xia ruofei had protected her. She was unscathed, but Xia ruofei had fallen so badly. Suddenly, she felt the softest part of her heart being touched ...Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m