Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

?

Chapter 1785: All in one throw (1)

This piece of land was filled with chaotic air currents, as if it was a vast sea.

In this ocean of chaotic air currents, there was a small island that was faintly discernible in the air currents.

In these chaotic air currents, golden lights would flash from time to time, like golden fish swimming rapidly in the air current ocean.

Xia ruofei knew that this was Song Wei’s spiritual power.

The “absolute beginning Heart Sutra” was a very magical technique. Although it didn’t specialize in cultivating mental power, as one’s cultivation level grew, one’s mental power would also continue to grow.

Song Wei’s current mental power cultivation had almost reached the middle stage of Spirit Movement, which was equivalent to Qi disciple Level 2, slightly behind her true Qi cultivation.

Of course, this was normal. After all, the “Scripture of the primordium origin” mainly focused on the cultivation of true Qi. Mental power was just a by – Product of this cultivation technique.

This cultivation technique was already very heaven – defying to be able to increase one’s spiritual power cultivation while cultivating.

Xia ruofei could feel that Song Wei’s spiritual power was much weaker than his. After his spiritual power entered Song Wei’s sea of consciousness, it also turned into a golden light. However, this golden light was much thicker than the one in the chaotic airflow ocean.

What shocked Xia ruofei was that besides the golden light that represented Song Wei’s spiritual power, there were also pink lines mixed in with the chaotic airflow.

There were a lot of these pink threads, almost filling the entire sea of consciousness, and they were faintly emitting a lecherous aura.

After Xia ruofei’s spiritual energy entered his sea of consciousness, the pink thread even started to erode his spiritual energy.

Xia ruofei understood that this was the peach blossom miasma that had been occupying Song Wei’s sea of consciousness.

This was the first time Xia ruofei had felt the existence of the peach blossom miasma so directly. He was a little curious, but at the same time, he felt that this attempt might be very difficult.

There were a lot of these peach blossom miasma, and it was not easy to get rid of them all. Moreover, this was Song Wei’s sea of consciousness. If she was not careful, she might hurt her Foundation. At the very least, her spiritual power cultivation would be destroyed, and at the very worst, she would lose consciousness and become a vegetable. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Xia ruofei also felt that his decision to wait for Song Wei and him to break through to the next level before getting rid of the peach blossom miasma was the right decision. However, because of Song Wei’s insistence, there was no point in talking about this anymore.

Of course, since Song Wei’s psyche had spread throughout the entire psyche ocean, the pink threads formed by the peach blossom miasma did not act rashly. They basically remained stubbornly in the psyche ocean and did not try to expand further.

Xia ruofei steadied his mind and began to try to clear the peach blossom miasma in his sea of consciousness.

These peach blossom miasma were very weak individually. Xia ruofei’s spiritual power would burn them to ashes with just a slight touch.

He needed to pay attention to one thing, and that was to master the precision of control. When destroying the peach blossom miasma, he must not hurt the chaotic airflow. This was the foundation of Song Wei’s sea of consciousness.

At the same time, Xia ruofei had to avoid Song Wei’s spiritual energy. If such an overbearing attack was applied to Song Wei’s spiritual energy, it would also cause her some damage.

Fortunately, they had made some progress in cultivating the “absolute beginning Scripture”. Now, Xia ruofei’s Soul Frequency was basically synchronized with Song Wei ‘s. Therefore, their spiritual energy was similar to the same source. As long as Xia ruofei did not deliberately attack Song Wei’s spiritual energy, he would not cause any harm.

What Xia ruofei needed now was patience. Although the pink threads formed by the miasma were very weak, there were many of them. Xia ruofei had no other choice but to clear them out bit by bit.

With a sizzling sound, green smoke rose and the pink threads formed by the peach blossom miasma were wiped out one by one.

Xia ruofei controlled his spiritual power to scan the outer area of his sea of consciousness. At the same time, he advanced towards the center.

In the ocean formed by the chaotic airflow, the small island was at the center. Xia ruofei could not sense the situation on the island at all, but he knew that it should be the core area of the sea of consciousness.

As the purge went on, Xia ruofei was shocked to find that the pink threads were not waiting to be killed. They were initially suppressed by Song Wei’s spiritual power and did not act rashly. However, they could not be cautious anymore or they would be waiting for death.

Thus, the pink threads began to move slowly and began to devour each other, forming thicker and thicker pink threads.

In a short while, all the peach blossom miasma threads in the entire chaotic airflow ocean had combined into two.

When Xia ruofei tried to kill the strengthened pink threads again, it was obvious that it was harder than before.

The devouring and evolution continued. The pink threads formed by the peach blossom miasma continued to combine. Although the number had decreased a lot, the strength of the individual threads was getting stronger and stronger.

Xia ruofei gradually felt that it was getting more and more difficult. Because of the large number of absolute beasts, the peach blossom miasma that had not been cleared was still as numerous as the hair on an ox, even if it was cut in half.

His spiritual force was constantly being consumed and replenished at the same time.

Fortunately, his spiritual power cultivation was extremely strong. In addition, Song Wei’s spiritual power was not idle either. She was also cooperating with him to eliminate the peach blossom miasma, so his spiritual power would not be exhausted in a short time.

However, the peach blossom miasma’s desperate evolution made Xia ruofei very worried.

At first, it was a stalemate. The peach blossom miasma was suppressed by Song Wei’s spiritual power and did not dare to make any moves. However, Song Wei and Xia ruofei were getting stronger after their cultivation. It was like Boiling Frogs in warm water. The peach blossom miasma would definitely fail in the end.

But now, it was activated in advance, and the peach blossom miasma no longer had any concerns in the face of life and death. It began to evolve without care, putting Xia ruofei and Song Wei in a very dangerous situation.

However, there was no turning back. Even if Xia ruofei and Song Wei gave up now, the evolution of the peach blossom miasma would not stop. By then, Song Wei would be in great danger.

The only way was to grit his teeth and persist until the last trace of peach blossom miasma was removed.

This was what it meant to be the brave man who met on a narrow road won.

Xia ruofei also began to speed up and push towards the center of the sea of consciousness.

The deeper he went, the denser the miasma became. He could vaguely sense the island. The island was surrounded by the miasma. From afar, it looked as if the entire Island had turned pink, making Xia ruofei’s scalp numb.

One wisp, two wisps, three wisps ...

Xia ruofei couldn’t remember how many miasma he had cleared. He only felt that he was getting more and more tired. As far as his eyes could see, there were still many miasma and they were getting stronger.

Xia ruofei could not help but feel despair.

At this rate, it was almost impossible for him to completely destroy the peach blossom miasma before his spiritual power was exhausted.

As Xia ruofei used his spiritual power to remove the miasma, his mind was racing.

He knew that this was not the way to go, and he had to make some changes.

Finally, Xia ruofei gritted his teeth and decided to take the risk.

He gave up on the idea of clearing the area bit by bit from the periphery and instead headed straight in the direction of the isolated island in the center of his sea of consciousness.

He knew that the core of the sea of consciousness was the most heavily guarded place. Now that Song Wei had opened up her sea of consciousness to him, as long as he could break through, he might be able to get a chance to breathe.

As for Song Wei’s spiritual power, it was inevitable that it would be damaged in this fierce battle.

After making up his mind, Xia ruofei was determined to carry out Plan B. The speed of his progress had obviously increased.

However, this also inevitably caused him to fall into a dangerous situation. As he continued to advance, he was now surrounded by pink threads formed by the peach blossom miasma. It could be said that he had fallen into a heavy siege.

If they failed, Song Wei would not be able to escape. Xia ruofei’s spiritual power would be severely damaged too. It might even hurt his Foundation.

However, Xia ruofei did not have the time to think about that. He could only focus on pushing forward.

They were getting closer and closer to the island that was completely covered in pink.

Xia ruofei gritted his teeth and persevered. In such a bloody battle, whoever backed out first would basically be dead.

The peach blossom miasma did not have its own consciousness. It was reacting to danger completely by instinct, so it was impossible for it to retreat.

Xia ruofei’s mind was also very firm. Even though his spiritual power began to show signs of difficulty, he was not affected in the slightest and did not hesitate to use his spiritual power.

The pink threads were annihilated by Xia ruofei and Song Wei’s spiritual attacks. More pink threads came in like a tide.

Xia ruofei’s spiritual energy formed a thick golden light and started to dim. Under such an attack, it seemed to be on the verge of collapsing.

The island was right in front of them. Through the layers of pink lines, Xia ruofei could see that there was a layer of almost transparent protective film around the island, which completely isolated the peach blossom miasma.

Advance, advance ...

Xia ruofei felt a sharp pain in his head. It was a sign of mental exhaustion.

There was still a distance between him and the island.

Was he going to fail? Xia ruofei gritted his teeth and persevered as this thought emerged in his mind.

No! Xia ruofei roared in his heart.

If he failed this time, it would mean that Song Wei had completely fallen and his vitality would be greatly damaged. No matter what, Xia ruofei would not allow it to happen.

He frantically gathered the remaining spiritual power in his sea of consciousness and attacked the peach blossom miasma in front of him.

As for the attacks from the peach blossom miasma on his side and behind him, he had completely ignored them.

Xia ruofei himself did not realize that during this risky advance, the peach blossom miasma around him was constantly eroding him. Now, the golden light formed by his spiritual power was even mixed with a faint pink color ...

Xia ruofei felt that his consciousness was about to blur. The last bit of spiritual energy in his sea of consciousness had been extracted by him and thrown into the fierce hand – to – hand battle.

The isolated island was just a few feet away. Xia ruofei roared in his heart. His spiritual energy was like a sharp sword, piercing towards the peach blossom miasma in front of him.

Hiss ... This peach blossom miasma, which had also become very thick, instantly turned into ashes and smoke.

Xia ruofei’s vision turned black as if he was about to faint from overusing his mental energy.

He used the last of his strength to control his mental strength and charged forward. The remaining mental strength passed through the light film and entered the island in the center of Song Wei’s sea of consciousness ...