Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1792: Song Wei's suggestion (3)

Translator: 549690339

“En!” Song Wei nodded her head.

Hence, the two of them pressed their palms against each other and started to circulate the “absolute beginning Heart Sutra” in tacit understanding. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

Time passed by. The two stayed in the time formation for more than half a day before their realms completely stabilized. In reality, only a short while had passed in the outside world.

In the process of cultivation, Xia ruofei really couldn’t help but want to try the cultivation in the sea of consciousness. The extreme pleasure in the depths of the soul was too alluring. He was craving for it.

On the other hand, Song Wei’s mind was more determined. If Song Wei did not completely open up her sea of consciousness, Xia ruofei would not be able to succeed even if he wanted to. Moreover, he respected Song Wei’s opinion, so he only thought about it.

Song Wei was not in a hurry to leave after she was done with her cultivation. The two of them chatted in the room for a while. Naturally, there were many intimate actions. However, Xia ruofei kept his promise and did not overstep his boundaries.

In the afternoon, Xia ruofei asked Wu Xiujuan to prepare a few dishes and send them to the central courtyard. He enjoyed lunch with Song Wei and then drove her back to Capital University.

Xia ruofei watched as Song Wei’s figure disappeared behind the gate of Beijing University. He couldn’t help but sigh. He took out a cigarette from his pocket and lit it. After taking a deep puff, he started the car and returned to the courtyard house.

The next morning, Wu Qiang drove Xia ruofei to the airport. He took the 10 am flight back to the three mountains.

Before he left, Xia ruofei greeted Song Wei, Zhao Yongjun, and song Rui.

When he called Song Wei, the two of them were naturally reluctant to part and had a long sweet talk. Song Wei even specially instructed Xia ruofei to guide Ling Qingxue in her cultivation as soon as possible after he returned. In the end, she shyly said that she did not want to wait so long before she could try a more efficient cultivation method ...

Song Wei used a soft voice to talk about the cultivation of the sea of consciousness. Xia ruofei almost could not control himself. Long after he hung up the phone, his mind was filled with the charming scene of the cultivation yesterday morning.

As for Zhao Yongjun and the others, Xia ruofei had informed them in the WeChat group.

Zhao Yongjun and the others also felt that Xia ruofei’s rush to return to the three mountains was a little sudden. They all advised Xia ruofei to stay for a while longer. They should at least wait until the overall design plan of the Paradise gathering was out and everyone could finalize the plan before going back.

Xia ruofei said that he had been away for too long and there were still many things to do at the company. As for the design of the club, they could communicate it through email.

Since communication was so advanced nowadays, there would be no delays. Moreover, with the help of a Feng Shui Master like Xu lang and an expert like Zhuo Yiyi, the chances of the plan going wrong were very low.

If they really needed to meet and decide, transportation was very convenient now. It was only a two – hour flight from Sanshan to Beijing, and there was no problem for a day round trip.

Since Xia ruofei had said so, Zhao Yongjun and the others naturally did not try to persuade him anymore. They gathered at Xia ruofei’s courtyard house that night and said that they were here to send Xia ruofei off. They had a meal openly and even drank a few bottles of Xia ruofei’s treasured Drunken Eight Immortals.

Xia ruofei’s Boeing plane landed smoothly at San Shan airport.

After the plane landed, Xia ruofei stood up from his first – Class seat. He opened the overhead luggage rack and took out his small suitcase. He looked out of the porthole and slowly approached the covered bridge. He took a deep breath.

Today, Xia ruofei did not inform the company to pick him up. Instead, he gave Ling Qingxue a call and told her that he would be back at Sanshan today. He hoped that she would pick him up at the airport if she was free.

Ling Qingxue felt a little strange that Xia ruofei had suddenly asked her to pick him up. However, she was naturally very happy that Xia ruofei was back at San Shan. No matter how busy she was with work, it was not a problem to squeeze out some time to go to the airport, so she agreed readily.

The cabin door opened. Xia ruofei dragged his suitcase out of the cabin and stepped onto the covered bridge.

He had to face what he had to face. This time, Xia ruofei didn’t want to drag things out.