Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Chapter 183: Chapter 179 – growing well (1)

Back in the bedroom, Xia ruofei carefully locked the door and windows. Then, he took out the spiritual map and entered the original space. He first took the flat wine bottle, opened the bottle cap, and gulped down a few mouthfuls of the petal solution. His back was still aching. Xia ruofei felt that the few mouthfuls of petal solution he had on the plane might not be enough. As for the wound on the back of his head and the other bruises on his body, they had already healed. When he entered the house earlier, Xia ruofei had casually removed the bandage on his head and thrown it into the trash can. From this, it could be seen that the injury on Xia ruofei’s lower back was actually very serious. If he did not have the petals of the strange flower, he would have been lying in bed for a long time and might even have some residual effects. Xia ruofei always kept some petal solution in his interspace. The concentration was not too high. A strange flower petal was mixed with a few liters of water in the interspace pool. When he came in, he would occasionally pour some petal solution on precious plants such as the Phoebe zhennan and ginseng. This included the two fish ponds of the red Arowana. Xia ruofei would drip a few drops every time he came in. He shook the small jug and felt that there was not much left, so he walked to the tidying box that contained the low – Concentration petal solution and filled the jug with it. After covering the lid, he carefully put it aside in case of an emergency. Xia ruofei started to patrol the space. He was the first to arrive at the nameless plant. It had been three days since he last came here. The five petals of the strange flower had regrown, but there were no fruits. Xia ruofei was slightly disappointed. There were two possibilities. First, the fruit’s growth cycle was longer than the petals, so it would take some time. Second, the fruit could not be regrown. The only fruit that could be grown was the one from last time. No matter which possibility it was, Xia ruofei could only wait and observe. Perhaps there would be a surprise the next time the space evolved. Xia ruofei used a pair of tweezers to pick the five newly grown petals and carefully stored them in a Tupperware. The nameless plant was constantly growing new petals, but they were also constantly being consumed to plant, cure, and absorb by Xia ruofei. There were still 17 petals left in the container. With them, Xia ruofei had more confidence. It had been two to three days since he last absorbed a petal of the exotic flower in Shen Cheng city. Xia ruofei thought for a while and decided to absorb one today. He used a pair of tweezers to pick up a green petal and directly stuck it on the back of his hand. The petals were instantly absorbed into his body. That familiar heat flow was produced in the dantian in his lower abdomen, and then quickly spread to his limbs and bones. Xia ruofei’s waist injury was slowly recovering and was also healing at an extremely fast speed. In at most a minute, Xia ruofei felt that all his injuries had healed. After getting rid of the waist injury that had troubled him for two to three hours, Xia ruofei felt relaxed all over. Even his steps were much lighter. Not only that, every time he finished absorbing the petals of the strange flower, Xia ruofei’s spiritual connection with the spirit map space would become closer. Although it was not very obvious, it was still a considerable amount. As for the strengthening of his physical fitness, there was no need to even mention it. Even Xia ruofei did not know how strong his physical fitness was now. It was evident from the last run in the gym. Xia ruofei conservatively estimated that if he participated in the Army’s 10 – kilometer cross – country loaded armed cross – country run, he could definitely win first place easily. Even the wolf King Guo Zhan would not be his match. After recovering from his waist injury, Xia ruofei went to take care of the vegetable field. Now that the scale of the vegetable field had been reduced a lot, they only needed to ensure the daily needs of the two catering companies. Hence, Xia ruofei quickly tidied up. He had already gotten the harvest and sowed the seeds. He was already very familiar with these things. Then, Xia ruofei went to the fish pond where the red Arowana were raised. The color of the two big red Arowana became more and more intense. There was no doubt that they were top – tier blood – Red Dragons. The small red Arowana had obviously grown a lot. Xia ruofei had left about 20 small red Arowana in the small fish pond last time, but it looked a little crowded now. Hence, Xia ruofei used his mind to control the red Arowana and carefully transferred them to the big fish pond that he had dug previously. There was enough space here. However, the more Xia ruofei looked at the two big red Arowana, the more he liked them. He decided to order a big fish tank when he was free in two days and bring them to the outside world to raise them. Firstly, it was so that he could admire it more often. Secondly, the flow of time in the original space was getting faster and faster. Although Red Arowana could only live for 40 to 50 years, they would only be able to live for one or two years in the original space. By then, they would die of old age. Xia ruofei poured some of the diluted petal solution into the large fish pond. The red Arowana were instantly overjoyed and swam back and forth in the fish pond, greedily absorbing the petal solution. Then, Xia ruofei went to the gold Phoebe zhennan tree. The Phoebe zhennan tree that had been transplanted into this place was now lush and green. It was obviously much thicker. Xia ruofei roughly estimated that its diameter had grown to at least 80 to 90 centimeters. The growth of the smaller Phoebe zhennan trees that had survived through cutting were even more obvious. When they first survived, most of them had thin branches. Now, the biggest one was as thick as a bowl. Xia ruofei looked at the forest of Phoebe zhennan trees in his boundless space as if he was looking at a bunch of Red Chinese yuan. Naturally, Xia ruofei wanted to keep the trees that needed hundreds or thousands of years to grow in the original space where time was 30 times faster. The ginsengs growing under the Golden nanmu were also growing very well. Many of them had red seeds on the top, which looked bright red at first glance, giving people a sense of joy. Xia ruofei didn’t dig out the ginseng since he didn’t need them for the time being. Naturally, he let them grow. The longer they were planted, the more valuable they were! Looking at the seeds, Xia ruofei could foresee that the scale of his ginseng garden would expand further. After watering the Phoebe zhennan wood and the ginseng with a small amount of petal solution, Xia ruofei fetched some water from the spatial spirit pond and watered the plants. Finally, Xia ruofei arrived at the small oak Forest. This Oak Forest was specially planted by Xia ruofei to cultivate truffles. There were more than twenty of them, and now, each of them was more than twenty centimeters in diameter. In the spirit map space, which was rich in spiritual Qi, the plants grew rapidly as if they had taken stimulants. Xia ruofei stood in front of the oak Forest and pondered for a long time. Finally, he made up his mind and decided to move them to a new space where time was in sync with the outside world! [PS] alright, I’ll temporarily restore one chapter to 2K, three chapters a day ...