Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 184: Chapter 180 – moving the oak tree

Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

These oak trees grew too fast in the original space, and because of the difference in time flow, every half a month in the outside world was a year in the space, which was equivalent to a batch of high – Quality truffles every half a month. However, truffles had a fixed season and could not be stored at all. After one or two months of truffles production, no matter how good the truffles were, they could not be sold. Otherwise, it would definitely attract the attention of people. Besides, truffles were precious when they were rare. If Xia ruofei stored a large amount of truffles in his storage space and released them all, it would cause the annual production of truffles around the world to increase by a large amount, which would definitely cause the price to fall. And there was no point in existing in space. By then, he would be exhausted and not earn much money. Hence, Xia ruofei decided to move the oak tree to the new space. The time there was in sync with the outside world. When the truffle season came, the truffles in his new space could be harvested. It would produce a steady stream of income every year. It was convenient to manage and would not occupy the precious land in the original space. After making up his mind, Xia ruofei did not immediately take action. After all, the flow of time in the new space was the same as the outside world. It would take a lot of time to dig holes and plant trees there. It was almost dinner time, so he decided to go out for dinner first. Xia ruofei left the medium and went downstairs. When they reached the first floor, Xia ruofei saw ye Lingyun preparing dinner in the open kitchen. Only then did he remember that he had been back for quite a while, but he didn’t seem to see Hu Zi’s mother and Lin Qiao. So he asked,””Oh right, Ling Yun, where are Auntie and Qiao’ er?” “Brother Xia, they went out early in the morning. They said that one of the neighbors in the village was having a wedding and they would only come back after eating.” Ye linyun said. “Oh ... Then you can contact Qiao’ er later. When it’s about time, drive my car to pick her up.” Xia ruofei said,”otherwise, I’ll be a little worried if it’s dark.” “Alright! I’ll call Lin Qiao later. ” Ye linyun said. Xia ruofei thought for a while and said,”Oh right. Don’t tell Auntie and Qiao’ er about my injury. Just tell them that I’m tired. I’ve gone back to my room to rest.” “Alright, but tomorrow ...” Xia ruofei waved his hand.”I’m fine. It’s just a small injury. You won’t be able to see it tomorrow.” “Alright!” Soon, ye Lingyun finished preparing dinner. He urged pang Hao to go back on his motorcycle in the evening. It was just the two of them for dinner, so they just had to make two dishes. Soon, the two finished their dinner. After ye Lingyun contacted Lin Qiao, he drove Xia ruofei’s Knight XV to Xiaoyu village. Xia ruofei, on the other hand, went to the farm to digest and pick up some farm tools from the shed. By then, the workers had finished their overtime shift and left. Ye Lingyun had already driven to Xiaoyu village. The entire farm was quiet. Xia ruofei immediately took out the spirit map scroll and kept the shovel, pickaxe, hoe, and other tools into the medium. Back in the villa, Xia ruofei went straight upstairs, carefully locked the door, closed the windows, and drew the curtains. Then, he took out the spirit painting scroll and entered the medium. Xia ruofei first brought his tools to the new space. As soon as they entered the medium, Blacky, fluffy one, and fluffy two pounced on them happily. Xia ruofei played with them for a while and then brought his tools to a gentle slope at the foot of the mountain. This place was close to the stream and not far from the stone tablet. Xia ruofei decided to plant the oak tree here. Xia ruofei started to dig. The oak trees had grown a lot, and their roots were bigger. Hence, the hole that Xia ruofei dug was not small. It took Xia ruofei half an hour to dig out a two – meter wide and one – meter deep hole. Now that his physical fitness was abnormal, this speed was much faster than when he was in the Army, digging a pit for scattered soldiers. Xia ruofei knew that the flow of time here was the same as the outside world. Hence, he did not waste any time and chose another place to continue digging. He quickly waved the pickaxe like a tireless robot. Pieces of fertile soil in the space were turned up, and then he used the shovel to shovel out the floating soil. Xia ruofei was busy all the time. When he felt a little tired, he would take out a small flat wine bottle from his pocket, take two sips of the diluted flower petal solution, and then continue working. After a full ten hours, twenty large pits appeared on the gentle slope at the foot of the hill. Each of them was two meters in diameter and one meter deep. Xia ruofei did not even take a break. He had been digging for ten hours. If it was an ordinary person, they would have been exhausted. Xia ruofei calculated the time. It should be past four in the morning in the outside world. He knew that he had to make the best use of his time, so he only rested for a while before leaving the new space and returning to the original space. Before he left, Xia ruofei specifically warned Blackie and the rest not to get close to the big pits he had just dug. He arrived at the original space. Xia ruofei walked straight to the oak Forest. The flow of time here was 30 times slower than the outside world, so there was plenty of time for work here. However, Xia ruofei did not dawdle. He found an oak tree and started working. Before he started digging, he found a few pieces of wood to support himself. After fixing the supporting wood, Xia ruofei started digging. He tried his best to avoid hurting the roots of the oak tree, so he was much slower than when he was digging in the new space. After nearly an hour, Xia ruofei finally dug up an oak tree. The roots of the oak tree had not been completely dug out. There were still some small roots that were connected to the ground. Xia ruofei looked at the oak tree. It was much smaller than the Golden nanmu. It seemed that it was easier to go from the original space to the new space than from the outside world. Besides, Xia ruofei had been absorbing the petals of the strange flowers these days and had a closer connection with the space. He felt that it should not be a big problem. Xia ruofei took a sip of the diluted petal solution to replenish his energy. Then, he reached out and grabbed the oak tree. His mind connected to the new space and locked onto one of the tree pits. With a thought ... With a strong pulling force, all the tiny roots were pulled apart. Xia ruofei and the oak tree disappeared from the original space and appeared in a new space. The oak tree was stuck in the newly dug hole. It was almost exactly the same! Xia ruofei was very satisfied. The supporting wood was tied to the oak tree, so they were brought into the new space. Xia ruofei fixed them in place again to ensure that the oak tree would not fall. Then, he was not in a hurry to fill them with soil. In a flash, he returned to the original space. Xia ruofei did the same thing and started to plant the second oak tree. Every time he dug out a tree, Xia ruofei would bring the oak tree to the new space to support and fix it in place. After more than ten hours in the original space, Xia ruofei had moved twenty oak trees into the new space. There were only two trees left in the original space. Xia ruofei had deliberately kept these red truffles. Although they could not be sold outside during the non – Production season, it was not a problem for him to eat them himself. If he kept one or two trees, he could have fresh truffles to enjoy whenever he wanted. After moving the oak tree away and filling up the hole, Xia ruofei brought a large box of petal solution, some black truffle, and white truffle to the new space.