Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1856: Expansion plan (2)

Translator: 549690339

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but laugh.

The two of them chatted for a while more and even said some sweet words. Although the two of them had not been together for a long time and had not been physically intimate, the joint training of their souls made them feel like a couple who had been together for a long time. They did not feel uncomfortable at all.

For the next two days, Xia ruofei went to work at the company’s headquarters.

It was mainly because Ling Qingxue wasn’t by his side, and he was bored staying on the farm alone. There were also a lot of things to do at the company recently. Xue Jinshan from the pharmaceutical factory had already ambitiously come up with a plan to build a new factory in the shortest time possible. In addition, Feng Rao had also suggested expanding the farm. After her last visit to Australia, Feng Rao felt that the farm was too small no matter how she looked at it.

Although the vegetable business no longer occupied a large proportion of the Paradise corporation’s business, it was a product that was directly targeted at the public. It was very important for paradise Corporation to maintain a good reputation. Moreover, the profits of paradise vegetables were also very high. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

From this point of view, the importance of paradise vegetables was second only to the Jade skin cream, which was also targeted at the general public.

Therefore, Feng Jing was very active in the expansion of her farm. She had personally taken the lead and come up with a preliminary plan.

These two matters were related to the company’s strategy, so they naturally needed Xia ruofei to make the decision personally.

Now, Xia ruofei was sitting in his spacious and huge office, looking at the two proposals for the pharmaceutical factory and the farm.

It might have been a coincidence, but the two locations were almost connected.

Xue Jinshan inspected many places, and the first place he recommended was about three kilometers West of Taoyuan farm, which was also a wasteland.

Feng Jing’s proposal was to continue expanding the farm to the West.

If these two plans were adopted, the pharmaceutical factory’s sub – factories would basically be connected to the farm.

Feng Jing had seen the pharmaceutical factory’s proposal before. Since she had presented it as it was, it meant that she had no objections.

Xia ruofei closed his eyes and thought about the two plans.

There was no problem with the location being the farm next to the pharmaceutical factory. After all, the Taoyuan pharmaceutical factory produced pure Chinese medicine, and the raw materials were all natural, so it wouldn’t affect the surrounding environment.

Moreover, if they were really built together, it would be beneficial for the company’s centralized management and linkage.

In terms of budget, it was similar to Xia ruofei’s estimation. The total investment for the pharmaceutical factory was about 1.5 billion. Including the money from the land, the start – up capital needed was at least 500 million.

Of course, the land cost was only 70 to 80 million Yuan in the early stage. The majority of it was the purchase of production lines. After all, the production lines were all imported from Germany. The branch factory occupied about 1000 mu, which was much larger than the current pharmaceutical factory. It could accommodate at least 20 production lines, and even the deposit would cost hundreds of millions.

Of course, the profit of the pharmaceutical factory was astonishing. The current supply and demand were still in a state of imbalance, and this was under the situation where they had yet to expand into the overseas market.

Xue Jinshan had estimated that even if all 20 production lines were put into production, the production capacity would only be able to meet the domestic demand. If they were to explore the overseas market, the supply would still be insufficient even if the sub – factories were to go all out.

With the amazing profit of the jaded skin cream, it might be possible to recover the investment in a few months.

There was nothing much to say about the farm. As long as the land could be circled out and the vegetable greenhouses and related supporting facilities continued to be built, it would be enough. The investment was relatively small, and ten million Yuan was enough.

If both plans were to be implemented, then they would be faced with two problems: land and money.

With the current cash flow of the Paradise Corporation, it was definitely not enough to start the construction of the sub – Factory, so it was bound to need a loan from the bank.

In terms of land, he naturally had to coordinate with the local government.

Xia ruofei looked at the plan carefully and felt that it was feasible. Moreover, these two plans had been certified by experts, and the experts generally had a supportive attitude, especially for the branch factory of paradise pharmaceutical factory, which was almost a one – sided conclusion.

After all, the Jade skin cream’s ability to make money was too strong. In addition, the social effect of the heart – nourishing soup had made the pharmaceutical factory in the limelight for a while. Opening a branch factory at this time was almost a sure – win.

After thinking for a long time, Xia ruofei finally made a decision.

He signed his agreement on the proposal, then immediately gathered Feng Jing, Dong Yun, Xue Jinshan, and the other company executives in his luxurious Chairman – only conference room for a meeting and delegated the tasks.

Xia ruofei asked Feng Jing to contact the bank.

Right now, paradise corporation’s current load capacity was zero, and the pharmaceutical factory and other assets were all very good. There was no need to go through any connections, and everything would be fine as long as they followed the normal procedures. The banks were very happy to provide loans.

The planning of the pharmaceutical factory and the purchase of equipment were naturally handed over to Xue Jinshan.

The planning could be carried out after the land was secured, but the production lines had to be contacted in advance. Since they had ordered so many production lines at once, they should be able to negotiate some discounts. As to how much they could do, it would depend on Xue Jinshan’s ability.

As for the land, Xia ruofei decided to handle it himself.

The location chosen by both proposals was within the borders of Changping County. After the meeting, Xia ruofei took out his phone and dialed Wu Liqian’s number, which he had not contacted for a long time.

……

Wu Liqian had not been very happy recently.

As Tian Huilan’s Secretary, she had been demoted to the position of the county’s Deputy County Head. All aspects of her work had been carried out relatively smoothly. Even if Tian Huilan had been transferred away, her work hadn’t been affected much. After all, Tian Huilan hadn’t retired from the second line, nor had she fallen from her position. Instead, she had been promoted. Therefore, she wouldn’t have been the one to die.

However, after the spring Festival, a new Deputy Secretary came out of nowhere, and her days were not so smooth.

The Deputy Secretary, Liu haojun, was transferred from a certain Ministry in Beijing. He was said to be under 30 years old and was a typical elite. He was obviously here to make a name for himself.

Originally, Wu Liqian and Liu haojun, one on the government’s side and the other on the party committee’s side, didn’t have much interaction in their work. At most, they had some interaction when they were in the Standing Committee.

However, after meeting Wu Liqian a few times, Deputy Secretary Liu started to pursue her openly.

This news quickly spread throughout the system.

It was already rare for two Deputy Division level members to be single. It might still exist in the Ministry in Beijing, but in the most basic level of the county, the impression of the county Leader must be that of a fat middle – aged man. It was almost impossible to have a young and unmarried man like Liu haojun and Wu Liqian.

Therefore, even some of the leaders in the team often joked about the two of them. Liu haojun was naturally happy to do so, but Wu Liqian couldn’t bear the disturbance.

Finally, after a meeting with the Standing Committee, Wu Liqian no longer tried to be tactful with Liu haojun, who was not discouraged by his “repeated failures” and still came to ask her out for dinner. She directly rejected Liu haojun in front of the Secretary, the county Head, and other Standing Committee members. She also told Liu haojun that his behavior had seriously affected his work and hoped that he would conduct himself with dignity.

Liu haojun’s face turned dark after being humiliated by Wu Liqian in public. He left with a cold face.

What happened at the Standing Committee quickly spread in the compound. Everyone naturally spread all kinds of gossip. There were even two staff members who were so engrossed in their conversation that they didn’t even notice Liu haojun had entered the room. As a result, they were severely reprimanded.

If it were any other Deputy county level leader, perhaps such a thing would not happen. Even if it happened, there might not be any intense reaction. After all, those who could do this were very pure political animals. The first standard for them to weigh the gains and losses must be their own political life.

However, Wu Liqian did not expect Liu haojun to be an exception ...