Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1865: Unsightly eating (2)

Translator: 549690339

This was what Wu Liqian was most concerned about. It was rare for Xia ruofei to ask her for help. In the current situation, it was not easy for her to get things done so smoothly.

Zeng jianzhang smiled and said,”since there’s no disagreement, this issue has been passed!” After we come down, we’ll form a special team to work with the Paradise Corporation and strive to settle the details as soon as possible!”

Then, Zeng jianzhang cleared his throat and looked around at the Standing Committee members present. He said,””This project is very important to our Changping County. In order to show our sincerity, I think ... Comrade haojun should be in charge of the cooperation with the peach blossom company! I hope that comrade haojun will be able to face the difficulties and successfully lead this golden egg – laying Phoenix from Taoyuan pharmaceutical factory to our Changping County ...”

Hearing that, Wu Liqian couldn’t help but let out a gasp. Her mind went blank, and she couldn’t hear a single word that Zeng jianzhang said to encourage her.

Wu Liqian looked at Liu haojun, who was sitting diagonally opposite her. She saw that Liu haojun’s mouth was slightly curved, and he was also looking at her with a playful look. He even raised his eyebrows at her.

At some point, Zeng jianzhang had finished his speech. Under everyone’s envious gazes, Liu haojun said without hesitation,””Thank you for your trust, Secretary Zeng. I will do my best to complete this investment attraction mission. If the Paradise company has other demands, including demands that are beyond our scope of responsibility, I will do my best to go to the city and even the province to coordinate. In short, I will firmly complete this mission!”

The members of the committee all looked at Liu haojun with envy in their hearts. This project could be said to be a shining political achievement! The county had already offered so many preferential conditions. It could be said that whoever took on this task would be able to get a large amount of achievements. For the “airborne soldier” Liu haojun, it was even more meaningful. He could use this project to gain a firm foothold in Changping County and lay a solid foundation for his future promotion or transfer.

Only Wu Liqian was a little muddleheaded. Her eyes were filled with confusion and grief.

It was clearly a project that she had single – handedly facilitated, and she had even tried her best to bypass the link where there was a possibility of leaks and directly sent the issue to the Standing Committee. She didn’t expect that in the end, Liu haojun would still get the fruits of her labor.

It was only then that Wu Liqian realized that neither Zhu zhihang nor Zeng jianzhang had mentioned anything about the project, not even her name. Therefore, those Standing Committee members who didn’t know the situation would probably think that Liu haojun was the one who brought the project back.

After all, according to the usual practice, the person in charge of the final coordination must be the one who contacted the project in the first place. Otherwise, it would be a violation of the rules.

Wu Liqian’s mind was in a mess at the moment, and Zeng jianzhang announced the end of the meeting after Liu haojun expressed his opinion.

The Standing Committee members all stood up and walked towards the door of the conference room.

Zhu zhihang, who was sitting next to Wu Liqian, looked at her with a complicated expression. Then, he patted her shoulder gently and sighed. Without saying a word, he picked up his notebook and teacup and walked to the door of the conference room.

Zeng jianzhang was also packing up his things unhurriedly. He glanced at Wu Liqian and said,””County Head Wu, thank you for coming to my office. I have something to discuss with you ...”

Wu Liqian’s eyes were listless as she nodded,””Alright ...”

Zeng jianzhang also got up and left. At this time, Liu haojun, who was sitting diagonally opposite Wu Liqian, came over with a smile and said,””County Head Wu, Secretary Zeng is giving me too much pressure! My heart is still pounding! I heard that you’re quite familiar with the peach blossom company, so I might need your help when the time comes. You must not refuse!”

Wu Liqian looked at Liu haojun coldly and squeezed out two words from between her teeth,””Shameless!”

Liu haojun laughed. He was in a good mood and didn’t care about Wu Liqian’s attitude at all. He looked at Wu Liqian frivolously, a cold smile hanging on his face. He lowered his voice and said,”Mayor Wu, your plan seems to have failed ... I’ve said this before, as long as I, Liu haojun, am in Changping County, you can forget about ever making it big! I’ll repeat it again today. I hope you’ll remember it in your heart. This is the price you have to pay for rejecting me!”

Wu Liqian glared at Liu haojun with anger.

Liu haojun chuckled and said,”you don’t have to look at me like that. Those who know me know that I love to see my enemies angry but helpless. You’re only making me feel more excited about victory!”

Wu Liqian gritted her teeth and stood up abruptly. She ignored Liu haojun, who had lost himself in pride, and quickly left the conference room. She walked toward Zeng jianzhang’s office on the same floor.

……

At the same time, the county Head, Zhu zhihang, who was walking towards the government office building next door, no longer had a friendly smile on his face. He walked forward with a cold face, his eyes slightly narrowed, and there was a sharp look in his eyes.

He recalled the scene in Zeng jianzhang’s office thirty minutes ago, and the coldness in his eyes intensified.

When he entered Zeng jianzhang’s office, Zeng jianzhang went straight to the point and said,””Old Zhu, I’m planning to let Liu haojun follow up on the Tao Yuan pharmaceutical factory project ...”

“Secretary, this is against the rules!” Zhu zhihang was anxious when he heard this.”From the start of this project ...” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Zeng jianzhang waved his hand and interrupted him. He said with a bitter smile,””How could I not know that this project was pulled in by County Head Wu? But I can’t help it!”

After that, Zeng jianzhang went close to Zhu zhihang’s ear and whispered two words.

Zhu zhihang’s face suddenly changed slightly, and then he said dejectedly,””Since that person has spoken, it’s indeed not appropriate for us to go against him ...”

Zeng jianzhang sighed and said,”old Zhu!” Thank you for your understanding!”

“I understand, but County Head Wu ...” Zhu zhihang frowned slightly.

After all, Wu Liqian was the executive Deputy of the government. As the county Head, Zhu zhihang naturally felt closer to Wu Liqian. What’s more, Liu haojun had been very high – Profile since he took office. Especially as the Deputy Secretary, there was a faint feeling that he was on the same level as him, the county Head. Although Zhu zhihang was determined to not help either side in the matter between Wu Liqian and Liu haojun, it didn’t mean that he was willing to watch Liu haojun jump out and pick the peaches.

“I’ll take care of County Head Wu’s work,”Zeng jianzhang said directly. I’m running out of time, so I won’t talk to her for now. I’ll talk to her later! She’s a very mature leader in politics. I believe she’ll look at the big picture and understand our decision!”

Zhu zhihang shook his head helplessly and said,””I hope so ... Secretary, I’ll be honest ... This ... This is a bit too much ... They’re completely not following the rules!”

The politics at the grassroots level were sometimes rough and barbaric. It was completely different from the struggle in the Ministry in the capital. However, it was rare to see Liu haojun’s unsightly behavior, even in the county – Level.

“Who says I’m not?” Zeng jianzhang said with a bitter smile. However, that person also said that Liu haojun will stay in Changping County for at most half a year. After he has accumulated enough experience and achievements, he will take the initiative to leave ... We should send this God of plague away as soon as possible!”

Zhu zhihang nodded in agreement.

After a slight hesitation, Zeng jianzhang said,””Comrade zhihang, I’ve never mentioned this project to anyone, including when you called me yesterday. I’ve even told my Secretary to get off work and go home. There’s no way a third person would know ...”

Zhu zhihang couldn’t help but be stunned. He was wondering why Liu haojun’s nose was so sharp. His first reaction was that Zeng jianzhang must have leaked it to Liu haojun intentionally or unintentionally, but after hearing Zeng jianzhang’s words, he couldn’t help but be a little confused.

Zhu zhihang believed that Zeng jianzhang wasn’t lying, because Zeng jianzhang didn’t have to lie at all. Even if he had disclosed the news to Liu haojun, Zhu zhihang couldn’t do anything about it. He didn’t need to explain it to him.

The reason why Wu Liqian had been so careful to report to him alone was to prevent any leaks, so it was even more impossible for Wu Liqian to have leaked the information.

In that case, there was only one possibility left ...