Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1870: A decisive decision (1)

Translator: 549690339

Xia ruofei’s task was not complicated. After a few minutes, Dong Yun came to Xia ruofei’s office with a list of names.

“You’ve found it?” Xia ruofei asked.

“En!” Dong Yun nodded and said. The leader of the team from Changping County was the newly appointed Deputy Secretary, Liu haojun. He was accompanied by the Deputy Director of the county party Committee, Guo Zhiguang, and the leaders of the county’s merchant Bureau. There were a total of eight people, which was quite a high standard! This is the list of names. ”

Xia ruofei didn’t care about the rules. In fact, when he heard that the leader was the Deputy Secretary of the county, he had confirmed his guess that Wu Liqian had lost the leadership of this project.

If Wu Liqian was still in charge of attracting investment for the Taoyuan pharmaceutical factory in Changping County, the people who would come would definitely not be more than a Department, and it would be impossible for the Deputy Secretary, who was one rank higher than her, to personally lead the team.

Xia ruofei’s doubts were immediately cleared. It was obvious that Wu Liqian was helping someone else. Liu haojun had stolen the fruits of her labor just as the project was about to be completed.

Xia ruofei frowned. Dong Yun couldn’t help but ask,””Chairman, is there a problem with this list? I think it’s normal! “Although the Deputy Secretary is in charge of party affairs, he’s still ranked third in the team. This shows that Changping County still places great importance on attracting investment this time. I think that when the contract is signed, the top and second – in – command may also personally appear.”

Xia ruofei waved his hand.”There’s no problem with the name list. However, don’t reply to them for now. I have other considerations on my side.”

Dong Yun was stunned for a moment before she immediately replied,”Alright. As for the bank loan and the preparation for the pharmaceutical factory ...”

“Just let them carry on as usual!” Xia ruofei said,”don’t stop the preparation work at the pharmaceutical factory, especially the contact with the Germany manufacturers. We should still negotiate with them according to the scale of 20 production lines. This time, we are buying in bulk, and the transaction volume has reached hundreds of millions. We must try to get a favorable price as much as possible. Tell Xue Jinshan that his KPI is the final purchase price. The lower the price, the higher the KPI!”

“Understood!” Dong Yun said,”Chairman, I’ll leave you to your work. I’ll inform manager Xue.”

“En!” Xia ruofei smiled and nodded.”You’ve worked hard!” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

After Dong Yun left, Xia ruofei did not immediately hang up the call with Wu Liqian. Instead, he frowned and sat in his seat, deep in thought.

He felt like he had heard the name Liu haojun before.

This was a very common name. It could be someone else with the same name. However, Xia ruofei’s memory was superb. If he had come into contact with another “Liu haojun”, there was no reason for him to not remember.

Xia ruofei turned on his computer and found the government website of Changping County. However, he quickly patted his head and felt that he was a little confused. The government website only showed the leaders of the county government. The leaders of the county party Committee would not appear.

However, as the leader of the county party, it was easy to find his photo. Xia ruofei used the three keywords “Changping County”,”Deputy Secretary” and “Liu haojun” to find a bunch of event reports.

Xia ruofei opened a random picture in the news. He squinted his eyes and frowned.

The familiar face reminded him of someone with a similar name, Liu haofan.

Xia ruofei took out his phone and gave Zhao Yongjun a call.

Zhao Yongjun had the most connections in the circle of the second generation in the capital, and he was also the most well – informed. It was definitely the right thing to ask him about this.

“Big brother Zhao!” After the call went through, Xia ruofei smiled and asked,”have you been busy recently?”

“What do you think?” Zhao Yongjun said,”I’m the one handling everything with the Paradise society. Xiao Rui and the others can’t help much. You’re even more ruthless. You just left such a huge stall and ran back to the three mountains!”

Xia ruofei quickly said,”the more capable you are, the more work you have to do!” I’ll treat you to a drink when I come back to the capital!”

“Come over as soon as possible! We’ve all missed you!” Zhao Yongjun said,”I think it’s better for you to gradually shift your focus to Beijing! Although the Southeast’s economic development is good, Beijing is the country’s political, economic, and Cultural Center after all. It’s been in a corner for a long time, so its vision is limited!”

“Our company’s business is not that easy to transfer. Besides, I’ve already built a good foundation here ...”Xia ruofei said,” but I’m only busy in stages here. I don’t need to ask too much about the company’s specific Affairs. I’ll definitely come to the capital more often in the future!”

“That’s good! By the way, what’s the matter?” Zhao Yongjun asked.

They were all very good friends, so Xia ruofei didn’t beat around the bush. He asked directly,””Are you familiar with Liu haojun? What’s his relationship with Liu haofan?”

Zhao Yongjun’s mouth twitched,”I can’t say I’m familiar with it, but I do know it!” His reputation in the circle was so bad that he was a hopeless case! Speaking of which, there’s really no one in old Liu’s generation who’s good enough!”

“So, this grandson is really from the Liu family?” Xia ruofei asked.

“Mm! He’s Liu haofan’s cousin. ” Zhao Yongjun said,”why are you suddenly asking about this guy ... By the way, he seemed to have been out some time ago. If I remember correctly, he went to the southeast province! RUO Fei, did this grandson provoke you? Tell brother! I’ll help you to beat him up!”