Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1889: If you want to do it, do it big_3

Translator: 549690339

Originally, Xia ruofei wanted to send Ling Qingxue back to the city, but she insisted on driving herself.

Ling Qingxue also felt that it was very hard for Xia ruofei to accompany her in cultivation. Her heart ached for him to go back and forth so late at night.

Xia ruofei thought for a while and felt that there was nothing unsafe about driving. Besides, with Ling Qingxue’s current cultivation, even if she encountered any danger or some Rascal, even if she did not practice any martial arts, ordinary people would not be her match just by relying on her true energy. So, there was really nothing to worry about.

Hence, Xia ruofei finally agreed to let Ling Qingxue drive back by herself.

Ling Qingxue drove the Mercedes – Benz that Xia ruofei had been using for the past few days. Xia ruofei was going to take the company bus to work the next day, and then he would have lunch with Ling Qingxue at noon and drive the car back to the company.

After Ling Qingxue left, Xia ruofei returned to his room and went into the medium to check his inventory.

The truffles that were harvested the last time were stored in the storage space. He roughly counted the truffles that were about the same size as the last auction in Hong Kong. There were at least 20 pieces, enough for the auction.

In addition, there were more than 50 relatively light truffles. Of course, this was only relative. In reality, 300 to 400 grams of truffles was already relatively large in the outside world.

These truffles were obviously not suitable to be auctioned, because it would easily tarnish the image of paradise corporation’s high – end food ingredient supplier.

However, Xia ruofei was not used to the taste of truffles. There was no use for them. Bastian’s figure appeared in his mind. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

If the restaurant could sell them truffles, they would be more than happy to do so. After all, the restaurant was open to the public, and only a small group of people at the top of the pyramid could have a chance to taste the best ingredients. If the restaurant could bring in some relatively small but high – Quality truffles, it would also improve the brand of the restaurant.

However, Xia ruofei did not immediately decide to sell the truffles that he did not plan to bring to the auction to the corner restaurant. Even if he wanted to sell them, he would definitely wait until after the auction. At this time, all the focus was on the auction. Anything that could distract the public’s attention had to be done after the auction.

Wild ginseng was also readily available. Xia ruofei went to the Archean realm and dug out three.

Time flowed thirty times faster in the Archean realm, and the environment was so good, so the wild ginseng was constantly reproducing. Now, a small ginseng forest had formed there. If it was in the outside world, such a dense growth of ginseng would definitely cause a lack of nutrients. However, there were naturally no such hidden dangers in the spirit map space.

The three old mountain ginsengs were basically two to three hundred years old, and there was more than enough to take to the auction.

Then, he arranged for Xia Qing to use the difference in the flow of time to cultivate some high – Quality abalones as fast as possible according to the method she had used last time. He also used the time to directly make dried abalones.

As for aweto and Ironhide fengdou, the Paradise Corporation had both ready – made ones. As long as they picked out the best quality ones, they could send them to the auction together.

Xia ruofei stayed in the spirit map space for a while before returning to the outside world.

He went to the bathroom to take a shower. When he returned to his room, he thought of the post that Ling Qingxue had posted on the forum at the corner restaurant today. He couldn’t help but pick up his phone and open the forum to take a look.

At first glance, Xia ruofei’s eyes widened in shock ...