Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 190: Seeing another spiritual fruit (1)

Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Xia ruofei went straight to his room after he returned to the villa. After locking the door and windows, Xia ruofei eagerly took out the spirit map scroll and entered the medium. He first arrived at the original space. Once he entered, Xia ruofei was stunned for a moment because he realized that the size of the entire original space had not changed at all. This made him a little confused. The Jade that was worth ten million Chinese dollars had been absorbed by the spirit map scroll. Even if it couldn’t completely evolve, it would definitely complete a part of the evolution. Why was there no movement at all? Soon, Xia ruofei realized that the original space had changed. At least, the spiritual Qi in the space was richer than before. Xia ruofei could also feel that his spiritual connection with the spirit map space had become closer. His control over the entire original space had strengthened. But why didn’t the space expand at all? Xia ruofei walked toward the nameless plant with a hint of doubt and anticipation. The petals didn’t regrow. He had just harvested the petals two days ago, and it wasn’t time to harvest them again today. This also proved from another angle that the spirit map space didn’t complete a complete evolution after the ten million Chinese dollars was put in. According to the previous rules, after the evolution was complete, the petals of the wondrous flower would regrow whether or not three days had passed. Xia ruofei’s gaze was quickly attracted by a branch of the nameless plant. There was a small green fruit hanging on it. It was smaller than an ordinary date, but it gave off an alluring fragrance. Xia ruofei was excited. After the last evolution, Xia ruofei had harvested a ripe fruit. Although he had not used it until now, he knew that this fruit must be much more precious than the petals of the wondrous flower. After that harvest, Xia ruofei had been paying close attention to this nameless plant. To his disappointment, it did not bear any fruit. After absorbing so much Jade, Xia ruofei finally saw a new spiritual fruit. He was sure that after the evolution, this spiritual fruit would be fully ripe. Suddenly, Xia ruofei’s eyes narrowed. He couldn’t help but get closer to the nameless plant to take a closer look. Gradually, his face revealed an excited expression. This time, he confirmed it! On the other branch, to be exact, the branch that bore the fruit last time, there was a small bulge! If one didn’t look closely, one wouldn’t even notice it. However, it did grow out. The small bump was only the size of a soybean and was green in color. Xia ruofei was excited. He was even more excited than when he saw the newly grown fruit! This was because it meant that the evolution of space was not a necessary condition for the fruits of the nameless plant. The soybean – sized bump was obviously the embryonic form of a new fruit. The fruit on this branch was the one that Xia ruofei had picked last time. In other words, the reason why new fruits had not grown was that it had not been long enough. The date – sized fruit had grown because the realm had started to evolve again, while the soybean – sized fruit had grown again after being picked last time. This was undoubtedly great news for Xia ruofei. If new fruits could only grow every time the space evolved, the number of fruits he could harvest would be very limited. Furthermore, the difficulty of the dimensional space’s evolution was always increasing by leaps and bounds. This time, it had absorbed ten million Chinese dollars worth of Jade, and it still hadn’t evolved completely. Who knew when it would be able to evolve again? However, if the fruit could grow back after being picked, it would be much easier. Even if it bore one fruit every few months or even a year, it would be much more than simply relying on spatial evolution to bear fruit. Xia ruofei looked at the two fruits, one big and one small, with joy and excitement. He also decided to pay close attention to this nameless plant for the time being, especially when the soybean – sized fruit would ripen. Xia ruofei walked around the original space again and finally confirmed that the size of the space had not changed at all. He then tested the flow of time again. He found that the flow of time inside and outside was still 30 times different, and there was no change. Xia ruofei’s heart was filled with questions. With these unanswered questions, he decided to go to the new space and take a look. With a thought, Xia ruofei disappeared from the original space. The next moment, he appeared next to the wordless stone tablet in the new space. Blackie, Da Mao, and ER Mao immediately ran up to him happily, wagging their tails and acting very affectionately to Xia ruofei. Xia ruofei was concerned about the changes in the space, so he let Blackie take them to play. Xia ruofei’s first concern was the size of the new space. He stood on the top of the hill and looked around. He immediately realized that the new space had expanded. And the expansion was not small. When this new space came out, it was already larger than the original space, nearly twenty acres. Now, it had obviously expanded a lot, and it was almost twice as large. Furthermore, Xia ruofei was keenly aware that the height of the hill had changed. He was from the Special Forces, so he was very sensitive to the terrain. Looking down from the top of the mountain, he felt completely different from before. It was obvious that the small mountain had grown taller. Soon, Xia ruofei noticed some changes in the new space.”For example, the meandering stream had become wider, and the spiritual Qi in the space had become denser. On top of that, the space had obviously become larger. Xia ruofei felt that these were the changes that should have occurred after absorbing so much Jade. He came down the mountain and walked to the front of the stone tablet. After absorbing the Jade this time, Xia ruofei felt that his spiritual connection with the space had improved again. He wanted to try to explore the secret of the stone tablet again. It was the only thing in the space that had traces of human beings. Besides, Xia ruofei’s intuition told him that this stone tablet must be hiding a huge secret. Xia ruofei reached out to touch the stone tablet and focused his mind to sense it. That vague connection appeared again. Xia ruofei’s mind seemed to have fallen into a fog. He tried to clear the fog to find out what was going on, but the fog seemed to be endless. No matter where he looked, he could only feel the endless chaos. Such an investigation was also very taxing on his mental strength. Xia ruofei started to feel tired. Just when he thought he was going to return empty – handed again, he felt a change in the ever – constant fog ...