Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1903 Successful infiltration_2

Xu Yougang walked around the neighborhood as if nothing had happened. He was carrying a casual bag and looked no different from the residents of the neighborhood.

It didn’t take long for him to arrive at a small square between three buildings. It was much more lively here than the previous place. Many people were taking a walk with their children, and some elderly people were standing and chatting. The atmosphere was very happy.

Xu Yougang found an empty long chair at the edge of the small square and sat down. He took out a tablet from his casual bag. He looked like a young man who came downstairs for some air.

In fact, he had chosen this location very carefully. It was not far from the three buildings. When Liu haojun and Fang Chenchen returned, no matter which building they entered, he would be able to approach them immediately.

In addition, Xu Yougang also took this opportunity to refine the topographic map of the neighborhood on his tablet. He had just walked around, so he basically knew the terrain of the entire neighborhood like the back of his hand.

After he finished drawing the map, Xu Yougang put away his tablet and took out a camera with a long – focus lens from his bag. He took pictures of the square.

Of course, in such a situation, his behavior did not seem out of place. There were a lot of people doing photography now, and most of the residents in this community had better economic conditions. It was not rare to play with DSLR. The night was charming, and it was normal for owners who liked photography to look for inspiration in the small square.

Xu Yougang was taking photos casually, but when someone walked to the entrance of a building, his camera would inadvertently point over and slowly Zoom in.

Xu Yougang did this because he had just discovered that each of the three buildings had only one entrance, and this entrance was also locked. Fortunately, it was not by card, but by entering the password manually.

Therefore, he was using the camera as a telescope. When someone was about to enter, he pointed the lens at them.

Because of the angle at which everyone was standing, and some people would consciously block their view when entering the password, sometimes they couldn’t see all the passwords. However, there were many people coming in and out. After a while, Xu Yougang successfully obtained the access password to three buildings.

He quickly memorized the password, put away the camera, and sat on the bench to rest.

At around eighto’ clock in the evening, there were fewer people in the small square. Xu Yougang wondered if he should find a place to hide. Otherwise, the security guards would inevitably be suspicious when they saw him sitting there for a long time.

At this moment, Wang Chong’s voice came through his earpiece.”Squad leader Xu, the target is about to enter the community. Squad leader Zeng and I are in position!”

Xu Yougang’s spirit was lifted. He stood up and walked around the small square unhurriedly.

When he entered, he had already observed that although this community was very high – end, because it had been built seven or eight years ago, it was not the popular separation between people and cars in high – end communities. The parking spaces of the owners were scattered on the ground.

Of course, this was also because the residential density was very low when the community was originally designed. The space between the buildings was very large, and there was a large amount of green space. Just the parking space on the ground was enough for the owners to use.

Therefore, Xu Yougang knew that Fang Chenchen’s Red beetle would pass by the small square.

Sure enough, two or three minutes later, the beetle Sedan slowly drove past the driveway of the community next to the square.

Xu Yougang didn’t turn his head to look. Instead, he looked at it out of the corner of his eye.

The beetle stopped in a parking lot next to Building 2. Liu haojun and Fang Chenchen got out of the car.

Xu Yougang walked slowly toward Building No. 2 without a word, but he quickly changed his direction and walked toward Building No. 3 with Liu haojun and Fang Chenchen.

Xu Yougang walked in a straight line from the small square to Building No. 3. Liu haojun and Fang Chenchen had to either take a small detour or go through the small square, so Xu Yougang walked ahead of them.

He came to the entrance of the third building and entered the password he had just memorized.

The unit door opened. Xu Yougang pushed the door open and walked in. He quickly scanned the area to determine the location of the surveillance camera.

This building had a two – Elevator, two – unit design. The two elevators were not on the same side, but one on the east side and one on the west side. The elevator shafts of the two elevators were next to each other in the middle of the entire building.

There were two houses on each floor. Generally speaking, the residents on the east side would naturally use the elevator on the east side, and the residents on the west side would use the elevator on the west side. They would not disturb each other.

Xu Yougang went straight to the right after entering the door. After turning a corner, he came to the elevator door on the west side and pressed the up button.

He had two plans. If Liu haojun and Fang Chenchen did not take the elevator, he would immediately turn to the opposite side and see which floor the elevator stopped at. He would be able to determine which floor they were staying on. If the two of them also came to the elevator on the west side, he had already prepared a set of excuses.

Of course, if it was the first case, it was not completely confirmed just by looking at which floor the elevator stopped. After all, the residents on a certain floor might press the elevator button. Or if there was a resident upstairs who happened to be using the elevator after Liu haojun and Fang Chenchen got off, the elevator would continue to go up.

However, for Xu Yougang, the scope could be greatly narrowed down. He had other ways to continue his investigation.

The elevator door in front of Xu Yougang opened. At the same time, he also heard the unit door open. Liu haofan and Fang Chenchen’s footsteps were getting closer and closer.

Xu Yougang was overjoyed. As he stepped into the elevator, he reached out and pressed the open button.

As expected, he soon saw Liu haojun and Fang Chenchen at the elevator door.

The two of them saw that Xu You had just helped them hold the elevator down, so they quickly walked into the elevator. Fang Chenchen even said politely,””Thank you!” Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

“You’re welcome!” Xu Yougang said with a smile.

Fang Chenchen took out her card and swiped it, then pressed the button for the 19th floor. At the same time, she also noticed that Xu Yougang did not press the floor button. She could not help but look over curiously.

Xu Yougang was already prepared. He searched his body and said with some annoyance,””I forgot to bring my card again ...”

After that, Xu Yougang took out his cell phone, found a number, and dialed it. He said,””Hey...Dad! I forgot to bring my elevator card when I went out just now. Please come out and help me press the elevator button!”

Fang Chenchen immediately dispelled her suspicions. The owners ‘elevator card could only be swiped to the corresponding floor of their house. In the case where they forgot to bring the elevator card, if there was someone in the house, and the family came out and pressed the elevator button, whether it was up or down, the elevator would naturally be summoned and open automatically. That way, the owner who forgot to bring the elevator card would naturally reach the floor of his house. If there was no one else at home, then he could only go back to the first floor and ask the property management to swipe the card for him. There was no need to swipe the elevator card to go to the first floor from any floor, and the property management’s elevator card could reach any floor.

After Xu Yougang hung up the phone, he smiled at Fang Chenchen and said,””I have a bad memory, and I often forget things. Fortunately, my dad is at home ...”

“That’s normal, I often forget this and that too ...”Fang Chenchen smiled.

Even if they were neighbors, Fang Chenchen was still very unfamiliar with them. She only responded politely, then held Liu haojun’s hand and stood there quietly, staring at the floor number displayed on the LCD screen.

As for Liu haojun, he didn’t say a word the whole time. He even carefully lowered the brim of his cap.

Xu Yougang also looked at the LCD screen and said to himself,””Fine! It’s already past my floor. It looks like I’ll have to follow you to the 19th floor first before going down ...”

The elevator soon reached the 19th floor. Fang Chenchen nodded politely at Xu Yougang, then took Liu haojun’s hand and walked out of the elevator.

Xu Yougang graciously helped to press the elevator’s door button. When the two of them walked out of the elevator, he soon heard a melodious electronic voice. The door of the west side apartment was opened.

Xu Yougang snapped his fingers, closed the elevator door, and pressed the first floor.