Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1935 Completely no chance (1)

What Xia ruofei provided to the Internet Water Army team was solid and could withstand any scrutiny.

It was originally just social news about an ordinary woman having an affair and her husband catching her in the act, but once it involved a certain level of cadre, it immediately became different.

Coupled with the deliberate guidance of the Internet Water Army, after half a day of preparation, this matter successfully became a National hot topic.

Although the traditional media didn’t participate in the report, online media and self – Media reposted it one after another. Liu haojun had become famous this time.

Changping County.

Secretary Zeng jianzhang was sitting in his office, looking very upset.

Nowadays, the party Committee and government at all levels had done a perfect job of public opinion monitoring, mainly because of the highly developed online media. If they did not pay attention to this aspect and accidentally became a hot topic of negative public opinion, the leaders would not be able to bear the consequences. Therefore, in terms of public opinion monitoring, all levels were willing to spare no expense. It was so that when a hot public opinion appeared, it could be discovered immediately and appropriate responses could be made.

Public opinion monitoring in Changping County was the same as many other County – Level units. It was entrusted to a professional company in Heron Island.

The company had its own data room. Through big data analysis, it would capture hot keywords on the internet 24 hours a day. Once they matched with the customers, public opinion monitoring warnings would be triggered.

The company also had a special team to form a public opinion monitoring Report through professional data analysis when public opinion appeared.

Changping County received a public opinion warning from this company at around 11 P. M.

That was the time when the Internet Water Army hired by Xia ruofei was fully activated.

After the system developed by the company captured keywords such as Liu haojun and Changping County, it automatically triggered an alarm mechanism and informed the publicity department of Changping County overnight.

When the staff on duty in the publicity department saw this, they didn’t dare to delay and quickly reported it to Zeng jianzhang.

Zeng jianzhang had already fallen asleep, but when he heard this, he rushed back to his office.

A preliminary report automatically generated by the system provided by the public opinion monitoring company was presented in front of his desk. The detailed analysis report still needed time, and a professional team was analyzing it overnight.

But just looking at the preliminary report gave Zeng jianzhang a headache.

The overwhelming number of posts on the internet pointed out Liu haojun and his position. This was equivalent to throwing Changping District into the whirlpool of public opinion.

The preliminary report also reminded that, from the graph of public opinion, it was likely that the Internet Water Army team was manipulating this topic. It was recommended to prepare for the outbreak of public opinion hot spots tomorrow in advance.

Zeng jianzhang tried to contact Liu haojun immediately, but no matter how many calls he made, it was like a clay ox entering the sea. No one picked up.

In fact, Liu haojun had already muted his phone at this time. Although he saw Zeng jianzhang’s call, he had no strength to deal with him.

Anyway, he was going back to the capital tomorrow. In the future, there was a high probability that he would leave the system. Even if he was lucky enough to get the old man’s forgiveness, he would definitely have to move to another place. It was impossible for him to return to Changping, so he couldn’t be bothered about the feelings of the leaders in Changping!

Zeng jianzhang had a sleepless night. When he saw the posts on the internet, he was shocked and his heart was in a mess. He gathered the people in the publicity department overnight to discuss how to deal with the media.

The next day, the detailed analysis report from the company in Heron Island was finally sent.

The situation was not optimistic, and the curve of public opinion was very steep, which meant that it was in a hot outbreak period, and the pressure of public opinion would be very high in the next few days.

In terms of response plans, the professional team came up with a few plans, but no matter which one, they all had one thing in common, and that was to respond to the media’s concerns as soon as possible.

According to their experience, negative public opinion like this should be responded to as quickly as possible, and the truth must be disclosed truthfully and sincerely.

Because at this time, public opinion was at a high level, and all kinds of discussions were growing exponentially, many of which were completely unreliable rumors. At this time, only by releasing an official voice and the real voice at the first moment could the survival space of the rumors be reduced.

This was the first rule of public opinion management nowadays.

However, what gave Zeng jianzhang a headache was that he had no way to verify the truth of the incident and the details of the process, because by noon, Liu haojun had simply turned off his phone. It was as if a dignified Deputy Secretary had disappeared from the world.

Changping didn’t have any useful information, so how could they disclose it to the outside world through the Golden window of public opinion management?

The publicity department had already made the report. Since this morning, the media had been calling non – stop, asking for interviews. By noon, the publicity department’s public phone was about to explode with calls. All of them were asking about Liu haojun.

Zeng jianzhang couldn’t help but be upset. Ever since Liu haojun, this wastrel, came to Changping, he didn’t do a single proper thing, but instead, he got into a lot of trouble.

……

Beijing, party school.

Wu Liqian, who had just finished her training class, turned on her phone and immediately received several messages on WeChat.

Most of them were news links from various platforms sent to her by her old colleagues from Changping County and the original Sanshan city.

Wu Liqian clicked on it, and her beautiful eyes suddenly showed a strange look.

These news links came from many platforms. The titles were all unique, but the content was mostly the same. They were all about Liu haojun’s big scandal.

Wu Liqian suddenly felt extremely relaxed, as if a big stone that had been pressing down on her heart had been lifted.

She had been in the system for so many years, and the most basic judgment she had was: After all this, Liu haojun would definitely not be able to stay in Changping County.

In other words, after she finished her training and returned to the southeast province, she would no longer have to endure Liu haojun’s endless harassment.

At this thought, Xia ruofei’s figure suddenly appeared in Wu Liqian’s mind.

Could he have done it? Wu Liqian had such a thought.

The main thing was that the timing was too coincidental. Liu haojun had been working in Changping for a few months. There had always been rumors about his lifestyle, but it had never become such a hot topic of public opinion.

However, this time, when the pharmaceutical factory was trying to attract investment, Xia ruofei found out that he was being pestered by Liu haojun. Liu haojun suddenly had bad luck. How could there be such a coincidence in this world?

Wu Liqian’s heart was beating very fast. She had visited Tian Huilan in the past few days since she came to the capital. Now, she was very clear about Liu haojun’s background and power. She was very clear that if it was really Xia ruofei who did it, then Xia ruofei would have to bear a considerable risk.

Wu Liqian’s heart trembled at the thought of Liu haojun’s powerful family.

She felt a warm current in her heart. Her intuition told her that this matter was definitely related to Xia ruofei.

……

At almost the same time, in a courtyard within the red walls of the capital.

A spirited old man put down the documents on his desk, stood up, stretched, and walked out of the room. The health doctor often reminded him to stand up and move his muscles every hour or so of work. After all, he was already in his 70s.

The old man walked out of the room, and the Secretary, who was in her forties, quickly put down her pen and followed.

“Little Wu, is there any interesting news these past two days?” The old man asked with a smile as he moved his hands and feet.

This was also his habit. As he was in a high position, what he saw and heard was often filtered information, so he was used to chatting with the staff around him when he was relaxed. Although the information given to him by his Secretary was definitely selective, it was still more down – to – Earth than the documents and internal reference.

Secretary Wu thought for a while and said,”chief, I did notice some rumors about Liu haojun on the internet this morning.” Oh, Liu haojun is the eldest grandson of elder Liu ...”

“Oh? Since you’re free, tell me about it!” The old man said with great interest.

He was from the same generation as the old man of the Liu family. However, the old man had failed to reach a higher position and retired, while he continued to work in this important position.

“Liu haojun was transferred to the southeast province’s Changping County a few months ago ...” Secretary Wu nodded.

The old man quietly listened to Secretary Wu’s words and asked with a slight frown,””How true is this information?”

Secretary Wu said cautiously,”it looks like it’s close to the mark. I noticed that Changping County has responded to the media this afternoon. They said that Liu haojun has taken sick leave and can’t be contacted for the time being. The details have yet to be verified ...”

Such a response was basically a solid proof.

The old man shook his head with a complicated expression and sighed,””This old Liu...He’s not doing enough in the education of his children! I heard that Liu haojun’s life in the capital wasn’t good ...”

Secretary Wu couldn’t help but look surprised. He didn’t expect the Bureau chief to know about Liu haojun, and it seemed like he had heard of the rumors about Liu haojun in Beijing.

Should Liu haojun feel honored? Or should he feel sad? Secretary Wu felt that it should be the latter. After all, this was not something to show off.

Sure enough, the old man continued,”you took time to give it to Liu’s eldest son...His name is Liu Qunfeng, right?” Just give him a call and give him a good beating. What is he doing?”

“Yes, chief!” Secretary Wu said quickly.

The old man didn’t say anything more. After all, it was a small matter for him. After chatting for a while, he returned to his room to continue working.

Secretary Wu thought about what to say and called Liu Qunfeng. The old man didn’t give any specific instructions, so he had to grasp the standard himself.

Of course, Secretary Wu had been working by the old man’s side for a long time, so he understood a lot of things and didn’t need the old man to waste his breath.

……

After Liu Qunfeng finished the call with Secretary Wu, his face turned pale. He hurried to the backyard to report to his father.

Liu haojun, who was still on the plane, had no idea that the last bit of hope in his heart had been completely destroyed by this phone call.

The old man was already angry, but after hearing Liu qun’s report, he became even more determined and decisive. He immediately made arrangements.

Liu Qunfeng, as Liu haojun’s father, didn’t dare to plead for mercy. He was also shocked by the phone call.

Half an hour later, Changping County took the initiative to hold a press conference. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Zeng jianzhang personally attended the press conference, and at the press conference, he announced to the reporters,”The Deputy Secretary, Liu haojun, had decided to resign from all his positions for personal reasons. The county party Committee had already received Liu haojun’s personally signed resignation letter and had reported it to the higher – ups for approval as soon as possible.