Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1937 Lowering one’s status (2)

Sometimes, Feng Jing still maintained her habit of working overseas and communicating with her colleagues through email. She wasn’t being pretentious, but she was already used to this kind of work mode.

Feng Rao was stunned for a moment before she pursed her lips and smiled.”Alright then!”

Paradise Corporation had a special WeChat group for directors and above. Xia ruofei was also in the group, but he didn’t really speak. Of course, people rarely chatted in this kind of work group. They mainly talked about work.

Feng Jing sat opposite Xia ruofei and took out her phone in the WeChat group. At the company’s auction in Hong Kong three days later, the chairman instructed: Those who are free, try to participate. Register now!

Xiao Qiang from the marketing department: “cover my face!””Cover my face!””Cover my face!” I really want to go! Unfortunately, he couldn ‘t!

Pharmaceutical factory Xue Jinshan: “cover my face””cover my face””cover my face””I’m busy inspecting the location of the new factory, can I get a discount?”

Finance department pang Hao: Count me in! She asked meekly, can I bring my family? Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Other than Dong Yun, everyone else quickly replied. Feng Jing was right. Xue Jinshan and Xiao Qiang had been very busy with work these past few days and couldn’t leave.

Xia ruofei saw pang Hao’s reply and could not help but laugh. He picked up his phone and replied,”@Finance department pang Hao Do you have a family member? Smug!

Pang Hao from the finance department: She had forgotten that the overbearing President was also in the group, so she was trembling ...

Feng Jing couldn’t help but chuckle. Everyone was usually serious when they communicated at work or through email, but in an environment like WeChat, they unconsciously became more casual.

She couldn’t help but think,”should I send less cold work emails in the future and communicate more like this?” The atmosphere seemed to be much more harmonious ...

Everyone chatted for a while in the WeChat group before Dong Yun replied, How long will you be gone? “The administrative work at the headquarters has just been sorted out. If it’s not a hard request, I won’t be joining ...

Feng Jing thought for a moment before privately messaging Dong Yun,”Xiao Yun, the chairman means that this auction is very important to the company. It can be considered a milestone in the company’s development. He hopes that everyone can attend it if their work is available.

Feng Jing knew that Dong Yun was a workaholic. She probably thought of this as a benefit that Xia ruofei gave to the executives, so she had no intention of going to Hong Kong.

As expected, after Feng Jing’s private chat, Dong Yun quickly replied,”So it was like this! Then I’ll arrange the work at hand and participate!

Feng Rao replied,[OK!] This was the way! Then I’ll talk to the chairman!

Feng Jing put away her phone and said,”done!” Dong Yun will come with us!”

Xia ruofei smiled and nodded.””If you have free time, you can stay in Hong Kong for a few more days. The company will pay for the expenses! Everyone’s been working very hard and almost no one has ever taken a break. This is a small – scale team building. ”

“Alright!” Feng Jing said,”since the staff has been confirmed, I’ll get the administrative department to book plane tickets as soon as possible.” Ruofei, I’ll book a first – Class ticket for you. The rest of us can’t waste it ...”

“Sister Che!” Xia ruofei waved his hand and said,”you don’t have to book the ticket!”

“Ah?” Feng Rao was stunned and confused.

Xia ruofei chuckled and said,”isn’t it too low for half of paradise corporation’s executive team to travel together and take a civil flight?” This time, we’ll take the Gulfstream business jet!”

Feng Jing didn’t know that Li Yifu had gifted Xia ruofei a Gulfstream G650. She couldn’t help but smile and say,””Woof! The cost was not low! Chairman, you’re prepared to bleed this time! Are you sure you’re not joking? I’ve really asked the administration department to contact the public service Company!”

Xia ruofei laughed and said,”you don’t have to worry about the plane!” I’ll take care of it!”

After that, Xia ruofei looked for the person in charge of the public business jet team, Liu An, who was the more senior of the two pilots, and dialed his number.

Liu An and his team had been on standby at San Shan these days. They were so idle every day. They felt a little guilty staying in a high – end hotel every day without doing any work and getting such a high salary.

Xia ruofei made the call and Liu An immediately picked up.””President Xia, is there a flight mission?”

Xia ruofei laughed.”Captain Liu, you seem to be a little impatient.”

“You’re not working, but you’re getting such a high salary,” Liu An chuckled.”Everyone’s feeling uneasy ...”

“That’s just right, there’s work to do!” Xia ruofei said.

“President Xia, please wait a moment. I’ll get a pen and paper to record it down!” Liu An said immediately.

A moment later, Liu An’s voice rang out again,””President Xia, please speak!”

“We’ll fly to Hong Kong from the three mountains in three days,”said Xia ruofei.” If you apply for the route now, you should have plenty of time. ” In addition, there will be about four to five passengers on this flight. Please prepare meals and other guarantees in advance. ”

Liu An quickly jotted it down and then said,””No problem! We’ll start the preparations immediately!”

A business plane might seem convenient, but in fact, before flying, one had to first apply for the route, contact the departure airport and the destination airport, and the flight crew had to prepare meals and other security measures in advance according to the situation of the passengers. After landing, the accommodation of the crew members and so on. In fact, the preparation work was relatively complicated.

Xia ruofei nodded.”If time permits. Try to arrange for the departure to be at eight or nine in the morning the day after tomorrow.”

“Understood!” Liu An said calmly.

After hanging up, Xia ruofei raised his eyebrows at Feng Ye and said,””Done!”

Feng Jing wasn’t surprised that Xia ruofei was willing to use a business jet for travel. Xia ruofei had always been very generous to his subordinates, and he didn’t lack money. However, what she did not expect was that Xia ruofei had arranged everything with just a phone call. He did not even mention the price, any procedures, deposits, and so on. It was settled just like that?

Since when did the service of a business jet company become so thoughtful?

At this moment, someone knocked on the office door.

“Please enter!” Xia ruofei said loudly.

It was a 20 – year – old girl in professional attire. Jian Jia had been working at the peach blossom mansion as usual, and her work was rather complicated. Hence, Feng Jing had asked the administrative department to arrange for this girl named Zhou Yu to come over. She was basically a temporary Assistant to the Chairman.

“Chairman, the front desk called and said that Zhu zhihang, the mayor of Changping, is here to visit you.” Zhou Yu said,”because they didn’t make an appointment in advance, the front desk couldn’t make a decision. They asked me to ask you ...”

Xia ruofei and Feng Jing looked at each other and said,””You actually came uninvited? It seems like the people in Changping County can’t hold it in anymore ...”

“They’re afraid that the project might go awry,” Feng Jing chuckled.”They’re really worried, aren’t they?”

“I think they can’t hold on much longer ...” Xia ruofei smiled.

He was well aware of the pressure that Changping District was facing. Liu haojun’s incident was a huge scandal. Now that Liu haojun had left, the group of people in Changping District would have to deal with the mess left behind.

This negative public opinion was probably enough to make things difficult for the team in Changping. In addition, the Taoyuan pharmaceutical factory was constantly conducting site selection inspections, but they had no intention of going to Changping to take a look. How could they not be anxious?

If this project was also snatched away by other districts and counties, especially by competitors from other cities, they would definitely not be able to explain themselves to the leaders of Sanshan city.

Xia ruofei knew that Zhu zhihang had come to visit in person because he wanted to get this project to Changping as soon as possible. When the time came, they would publicize it and let such a super quality project be settled in Changping. It would definitely dilute the impact of Liu haojun’s incident.

Xia ruofei said indifferently,”go and tell them that I’m in the middle of a very important meeting. I don’t have time to receive them at the moment.”