Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

1948 Full of Yuan Yuan (1)

The rest of the work progressed quite quickly.

The next morning, Wu Liqian brought the team to the Tao Yuan mansion again. Xia ruofei personally came out to receive them. After a short discussion, Xia ruofei seemed to be interested in the new preferential policy proposed by the Changping County, but he had not agreed yet.

Hence, Wu Liqian invited the inspection team from the Paradise Corporation to investigate the location of the factory in Changping County. At the same time, she expressed that she would report Xia ruofei’s opinion to the two leaders in the county.

Xia ruofei agreed happily and instructed Xue Jinshan on the spot to have his inspection team go with the Changping County inspection team after the meeting.

In fact, the site selection had already been decided in the early stage, and the inspection by Xue Jinshan and the others was naturally just a formality.

In the afternoon, Xue Jinshan and the others came back with good news. Changping County said that they could give preferential treatment to the pharmaceutical factory’s electricity price within three years. Specifically, on the basis of the industrial electricity price calculated by the power company, they would give a discount of 10 cents per kilowatt – hour of electricity during peak and valley hours.

The production line made in Germany was a large consumer of electricity. Xue Jinshan estimated that after the new pharmaceutical factory started production, the electricity bill would be saved at least one or two million Yuan.

Changping County was very sincere.

Naturally, Xia ruofei already knew this. He thought for a while and asked Xue Jinshan to inform Changping County that the peach blossom company had agreed to let this project land in Changping County.

Zeng jianzhang and Zhu zhihang were overjoyed after hearing Wu Liqian’s report.

The two of them immediately asked Wu Liqian to bring some people to the Paradise company on the same day to discuss some specific terms.

Because of Liu haojun’s incident, the topic of public opinion had been at its peak. It was said that the city leaders were also dissatisfied with Changping County. The two of them felt like they were being roasted on a fire. This news was like charcoal in the snow.

According to Zeng jianzhang, he naturally hoped that this matter would be settled on paper as soon as possible. Xia ruofei didn’t want to delay any longer. He had to fly to Hong Kong tomorrow to prepare for the auction, so they hit it off.

In the afternoon, Wu Liqian brought Shi Qingyuan and the others to the Paradise company. Together with them were the leaders of the county power company, water company, public road Bureau, and other related units.

Xia ruofei didn’t show up at the peach blossom company.

The general direction had been set, so Feng Jing, Dong Yun, Xue Jinshan, and the others would follow up on the rest of the details.

Since fouro’ clock in the afternoon, the two parties had been in the conference room on the 14th floor of the peach blossom building. They talked and discussed one by one, putting the previous consensus on paper and forming the first draft of the letter of intent for investment.

This letter of intent not only clearly stated all the preferential policies that Changping County had promised, but it also marked the specific scope of the Taoyuan pharmaceutical factory and the land acquisition for Taoyuan farm.

At the same time, the Paradise Corporation also made corresponding promises. For example, the first investment would not be less than 500 million Yuan, and they would provide no less than 500 jobs for Changping County. These were all written in black and white in the letter of intent.

Even though the general direction had been set, the specific terms still needed to be negotiated and coordinated by both parties.

Therefore, it was not until 10 P. M. That the first draft was finally out. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Xia ruofei didn’t leave either. Feng Jing immediately sent the first draft to Xia ruofei’s office.

Xia ruofei glanced through it and signed a line on the cover.”Agree to use this letter of intent to sign a contract with Changping County!

It was a success! After Shi Qingyuan and the rest saw Xia ruofei’s signature, they all heaved a long sigh.

Wu Liqian also nodded secretly. In her opinion, although this matter had gone through many twists and turns, it was finally perfect now.

Wu Liqian and the others declined Xia ruofei’s invitation for supper and rushed back to Changping County overnight. Zeng jianzhang hoped to sign the contract as soon as possible, so the contract signing was set for tomorrow morning.

Zeng jianzhang and Zhu zhihang naturally hoped that the signing ceremony would be as Grand as possible, so Wu Liqian had to prepare for the signing ceremony tomorrow morning with the team.

Some of the staff had already contacted the major media outlets while the two sides were still discussing the specific terms in the afternoon.

There were also staff members who were in contact with the advertising company and the conference management company to prepare some materials in advance, including the design of the background board, spray painting, and so on.

Tonight, they still had to set up the venue, adjust the lights, sound system, and so on. They would basically be busy all night.

Shi Qingyuan and the others ‘wish to taste the’ Buddha Jumps Over the Wall ‘was once again in vain. At the very least, it would have to be pushed back a little.

……

The next morning, at around 9 am, Xia ruofei, Feng Jing, Dong Yun, Xue Jinshan, and the others arrived at Changping County in a Mercedes – Benz that Tao Yuan company had just purchased.

Today’s contract signing ceremony was held at Li Gang hotel in Changping County.

This was the best hotel in Changping County. It was built to the standard of a five – Star hotel. Most importantly, Li Gang hotel had a Grand meeting hall.

When Tao Yuan company’s car stopped at the entrance of Li Gang hotel, the main leaders of Changping County, Zeng jianzhang, Zhu zhihang, and Wu Liqian had been waiting for a long time. As soon as the car stopped, Zeng jianzhang led the group to welcome them. It could be said that the standard of reception was quite high.