Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

1974 Breaking through 100 million (1)

It was a huge black truffle.

Although it didn’t exceed the record set by the last auction, and it wasn’t the more precious white truffle, it was rare to see a few pieces of black truffle this big in a year.

Truffles were a high – end ingredient, so the rich in Hong Kong, the sellers from all over the world, and the representatives of Michelin – starred restaurants were all very interested in it.

“The second item is a piece of black truffle! It weighed 1910 grams, and the starting price was 50000 US dollars! Each bid must be no less than 2000 dollars. ” Lu zhongguang said simply,”everyone can start bidding now! All guests with blue cards and above can still bid!”

The record – breaking Black truffle from the last auction weighed as much as 2.66 kilograms. In comparison, this truffle was still a little lighter. However, there was a little difference from the last auction. The truffle from paradise Corporation had already been tested by the market. The buyer who bought the truffle last time had a lot of praise for paradise corporation’s truffle. Everyone already knew that paradise corporation’s truffle was not only big, but also of excellent quality.

Therefore, even though this black truffle was only the first to appear and its weight was not particularly outstanding, everyone’s bidding enthusiasm was still very high.

After many rounds of bidding, the black truffle was finally sold for 160000 US dollars. It was bought by the head chef of a Michelin star restaurant from Italy, Jian Jia. The rich people were still biding their time, waiting for the better items to appear later.

Next, a dazzling array of items appeared on stage.

Liu Qian had also put in a lot of effort in choosing the order of the auction. Truffle, one – headed abalone, and the expensive old ginseng, which were the focus of everyone’s attention, were basically not auctioned in succession. In the middle of the auction, Taoyuan Brand Da Hong Pao tea leaves, top – grade Cordyceps sinensis, iron – skinned fengdou, and so on would be auctioned.

As a result, the atmosphere of the auction was always very lively, and the buyers who were mainly targeting the relatively cheaper iron maples and tea leaves didn’t feel bored. Every guest maintained a high level of concentration from beginning to end.

There was a large screen on the side of the venue, which was used to display the transaction amount of the auction. The amount displayed on the screen was all converted to US dollars according to the exchange rate of the day.

As the auction went on, the transaction amount was updated in real time. It jumped from tens of thousands to hundreds of thousands of dollars at the beginning to millions of dollars after the end of the auction.

Before they knew it, the auction was halfway through, and the transaction amount displayed on the screen had already exceeded 40 million USD.

To Xia ruofei, the cost of these items was almost negligible. In other words, the net profit of this auction had reached at least 30 million US dollars.

Of course, in Xia ruofei’s heart, making money from this auction was secondary. His main purpose was to make the Paradise Corporation famous.

As it turned out, the effect was also very good.

Whether it was the buyers, the rich, or the media, they might be familiar with Xia ruofei, but they did not know much about paradise Corporation, a domestic company that had risen to fame in the past one or two years.

In particular, some of the media in Hong Kong still had a certain prejudice against the mainland. For a long time, Hong Kong’s financial industry had been developed, and the living standard and economic income of Hong Kong people were much better than that of the mainland.

However, in the thirty to forty years since the reform and opening of the mainland, the economy of the mainland had been growing rapidly, and the living standard of the mainland people had also risen sharply. In contrast, the development of Hong Kong in recent years had been slow. Under such circumstances, Hong Kong was no longer the only one.

Although the economic development had slowed down, many people still had a sense of superiority and even more prejudice. It was like a poor relative suddenly became rich and his family conditions were even better than his. Some people could not accept it.

However, at this auction, even the most prejudiced reporters couldn’t find a way to slander paradise Corporation.

One item after another was brought up to the stage. Whether it was the several – hundred – year – old mountain ginseng, the wormgrass that was clearly much thicker than ordinary Cordyceps, or the fine – looking iron – Skin maple, or the legendary Da Hong Pao tea leaves ... All of these items struck a chord in everyone’s heart.

There was also the top – grade truffles that had long been proven in Hong Kong and the top – grade one – headed abalones that Hong Kong people cherished.

Those rich people and media reporters suddenly realized that the Paradise company’s product line was already very rich. If they included the explosive Jade skin cream that did not appear in today’s auction, as well as the miraculous heart – nourishing soup that had boundless merit, the strength of the Paradise company could not be underestimated.

Not to mention that all of the auctioned items were of the highest quality without exception. It could be said that their quality was at the top of the pyramid among similar products.

It was as if as long as the LOGO of the Paradise Corporation was printed on it, it would definitely be of the best quality. There was no way it would be ordinary. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

This was Xia ruofei’s goal. He hoped that the words “Tao Yuan’s products are of the highest quality” would be deeply rooted in the hearts of the people.

The so – called brand effect was produced in this way.

Each item was visually impactful to the audience. The transaction amount on the big screen kept jumping, and the steep upward curve seemed to be witnessing the rise of a great company.