Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

1975 Breaking through 100 million (2)

Unknowingly, the auction gradually came to an end, and some heavy items began to appear.

A 2.68 kg piece of white truffle was sold for 1.98 million US dollars. Hong Kong tycoon Guo Hongjiang had the last laugh.

A pair of top – Quality one – headed abalones, each weighing more than 650 grams, was bought by Li Yifu for 3 million US dollars.

Li Yifu had been holding back from bidding as he did not dare to disobey Xia ruofei’s orders. As the auction came to an end, the truffles and abalones grew bigger and bigger, and even he could not help but be tempted.

Although cultivators would not be greedy for food, and even cultivators with high cultivation could go without eating for ten days to half a month, Li Yifu still had a preference for good food. The top – grade abalone was also very attractive to him, so he could not help but participate in the bidding.

Xia ruofei only turned around and glanced at Li Yifu. He did not show any displeasure, which made Li Yifu slightly relieved.

In fact, Li Yifu was not worried at all. Xia ruofei only told him not to bid randomly, especially not to bid at a price that far exceeded the actual value, so as not to mess up the order of the auction. However, he did not ask him to be a mascot from the beginning to the end.

Otherwise, it would be strange if he came all the way from the United States didn’t raise the sign even once.

Once Li Yifu really wanted to buy it, he could easily defeat his opponents with his wealth and influence and successfully bought the pair of abalones.

Many people, including Xia ruofei, could easily fork out a few million dollars. However, Li Yifu was so decisive in his bidding. As long as someone else was bidding, he would immediately increase the price without hesitation, showing his firm attitude. The price of three million dollars was actually higher than the market price. Even if it was high quality for all the abalones on the market, there was still an estimated value.

Li Yifu had shown his determination to get it, so the other rich people naturally wouldn’t fight him to the death. Otherwise, it wouldn’t be good if they didn’t get the item and were hated by this super – rich man who was worth tens of billions of dollars.

With today’s finale item, a piece of white truffle weighing 2.88 kilograms, which had undoubtedly broken the record set by the peach blossom company last time, being sold for 2.68 million US dollars, today’s auction had come to a perfect end.

The total transaction amount on the big screen on the side was also locked at 100080000 USD.

“It’s over a hundred million!”

“That’s amazing! The total value of a single auction is over a hundred million US dollars! This is an auction of ingredients and herbs, not a work of art!”

“Paradise Corporation has really shone this time!”

“Yup! This company will have a great future!”

……

When the people attending the auction saw that the total amount of money had successfully exceeded 100 million dollars, they couldn’t help but whisper.

Xia ruofei could not help but feel a little surprised. He had personally prepared all these items, so he knew the total value of the items.

In his own estimation, if the auction went smoothly, the transaction amount should reach 80 to 90 million US dollars. It might fluctuate a little, but the margin should not be too big.

Hence, Xia ruofei never expected to have a transaction amount of over 100 million Yuan. He did not expect it to be realized.

In fact, there wasn’t a single item that had a particularly high price in the entire auction. However, if someone were to do a little calculation, they would find that almost every item had a relatively high price, especially truffle and an abalone that had already formed a brand. According to the previous auction’s transaction price, almost every auction this time was higher than the previous one.

Every item was sold at a higher price. When all of them were put together, the transaction price had successfully exceeded 100 million US dollars. This made Xia ruofei feel a little surprised.

Although a few million or tens of millions of dollars was nothing to Xia ruofei, a few million and a hundred million were two completely different concepts, especially when the unit of calculation was in dollars.

The auction went very smoothly. The black family also frequently made their move in the truffle industry, especially the competition with the Lehmann family. The two families were both in the truffle business, and the competition in this field could be said to be close – combat and full of red.

Old Blake was indeed a sly old fox. Although he had already received Xia ruofei’s verbal promise to buy a batch of truffles from the Paradise Corporation, which could be said to be an undefeatable position, he still kept bidding at the auction and even looked determined to win.

Xia ruofei could not help but admire old Blake’s acting skills.

The competition between the black family and the Lyman family in the truffle auction had also played a positive role in increasing the total transaction amount of this auction to a certain extent.

Old Blake was basically helping Xia ruofei. While he was doing Xia ruofei a favor, he also got two truffles of good quality. At the same time, he made the Lyman family spend a lot of money. To a certain extent, he had also dealt a blow to their competitors. It could be said to be killing three birds with one stone.

When the total transaction price exceeded 100 million US dollars, Feng Jing and Dong Yun, who were sitting behind Xia ruofei, hugged each other excitedly. Pang Hao was also cheering in joy. He looked at Xia ruofei, who was sitting in the front row, and his heart was filled with emotions.

After all the items were sold, Xia ruofei personally went up on stage to give a short and passionate speech. He expressed his gratitude to everyone for their support and Hengfeng group’s support. At the same time, he warmly invited everyone to the following luncheon.

The auction had lasted for more than three hours, and everyone was hungry now, so they directly transferred to the banquet hall next door.

Xia ruofei was naturally arranged to sit at table one. Sitting at the same table were MA Xiong, Li Yifu, Guo Hongjiang, Zheng jianian, and the other rich people.

MA Xiong even considerately asked Ma Zhiming to arrange for a few company executives to accompany Feng Jing and the others to their respective tables, while Ma Zhiming personally accompanied Feng Jing to table two.

These Hengfeng Group executives naturally took good care of Feng Jing, Dong Yun, and pang Hao. They also introduced them to the guests sitting at the same table with great enthusiasm.

When they found out that Feng Jing and the others were executives of paradise Corporation, the rich and the poor were all very enthusiastic. During the meal, Feng Jing and the other two received a stack of business cards, and they even gave out a whole box of their own business cards.

At Xia ruofei’s table one, the atmosphere was more harmonious. The people at the same table were all MA Xiong’s old friends and most of them were more familiar with Xia ruofei.

The wine culture was also very popular in Hong Kong, so not long after the banquet started, people from other tables came over to toast Xia ruofei. Their words were full of admiration, and many people in related industries also expressed their desire to cooperate with the Paradise Corporation.

Hence, Xia ruofei had also received many name cards.

From the behavior of these rich people, Xia ruofei knew that the peach blossom company’s plan to make a name for itself was a success.

After the luncheon, Xia ruofei and MA Xiong saw the guests off.

Even with Xia ruofei’s good physical condition, he could not help but feel a little tired after doing all this. MA Xiong’s face was full of fatigue.

Xia ruofei hurriedly asked Ma Zhiming to send MA Xiong home to rest. Feng Jing and the rest, including Liu Qian, started to wrap up the Hengfeng auction house’s work. Xia ruofei returned to the Presidential Suite on the top floor to rest.

At four in the afternoon, Xia ruofei woke up after a nap and felt that he had recovered.

He gave Feng Jing a call and found out that they had just finished their work, so he said,””Sister che, bring everyone to the top floor! I have something to tell everyone!”

“Alright!” Feng Jing said,”director pang is still calculating the revenue and expenditure of this auction. Should we ...” 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

“Tell him not to forget about it and come to my side first!” Xia ruofei said.

“Alright!” Feng Jing said,”wait a moment. We’ll take the elevator up immediately!”