Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

1996 Turin (2)

“You want to buy a goose?” Ling Qingxue was a little surprised.”Why did you buy a goose from Europe for no reason?” If you want to eat goose, we have it everywhere in China! It’s not expensive …”

“This batch of geese is not for eating. I have a great use for them!” Xia ruofei said,”wife, don’t worry about it. After I hang up, I’ll send you the electronic bill. Go to San Shan airport at around 5 pm to complete the procedures!” You don’t need to bring them back. You just need to go through the procedures and pay the fee for the next month. ”

“No problem! Since you’re so sweet – tongued, I’ll help you with this!” Ling Qingxue said with a smile.

“I knew that my wife is reliable!” Xia ruofei said,”by the way, if you’re not familiar with the process, you can look for Vice President yang of the airport Group. You’ve met him the last time we went for the test flight. I’ll send you his contact information later.”

The last time Li Yifu accompanied Xia ruofei to receive the Gulfstream G650 plane, he had gotten to know yang Wanxin, the Deputy President of the airport Group. The two of them had exchanged contact information that day.

Yang Wanxin already knew that Xia ruofei was the one who was using the plane. After seeing Li Yifu being so polite to Xia ruofei the other day, Xia ruofei’s importance in his heart had increased infinitely. Hence, he would definitely do his best to help out with such a small matter.

“I know! You can stay in the capital at ease!” Ling Qingxue said.

Xia ruofei and Ling Qingxue continued their sweet talk for a while before he finally hung up.

After he sent the electronic receipt to Ling Qingxue, he dragged his small suitcase and walked into the International departure hall of the airport …

At around 11 O’ clock, a Boeing 747 from Hansha airlines took off from Beijing International Airport. Xia ruofei sat in the first – Class cabin of the plane and closed his eyes to rest.

There were still about 13 hours of flight left before he set foot on the land of Italy. Turin was the city where Monica grew up and lived, and he was looking forward to it.

After about ten hours of flight, the plane landed in Frankfurt Germany.

The next flight to Turin was also from Hansha airlines, but it was a medium – sized one. It was not long before departure, so even though it was Xia ruofei’s first time Germany, he did not need to go through customs and did not need to apply for a transit visa. He only rested in the terminal for a while, and after about an hour, he boarded the plane to Turin.

The European countries were not big. Although it was an international flight from Frankfurt to Turin, the actual flight only took about an hour.

At Sixo’ clock in the evening, Xia ruofei finally set foot on Italy soil.

The entry procedures were simple. Xia ruofei only brought a few changes of clothes with him and did not check in any luggage. He walked out of the airport smoothly and took less than half an hour.

Xia ruofei felt that the weather in Turin was not particularly cold. He did not feel the hustle and bustle of Italy’s third largest industrial city. In fact, the factories were quite far away from the city. Turin was still as simple and natural as many European cities, retaining its original historical appearance.

Xia ruofei had booked a luxurious suite at principider Piemonte hotel online. After he left the airport, he waved for a taxi and headed straight to the hotel.

Xia ruofei realized that the English of the Italians was not particularly good. Most of them could only speak Italian, including the taxi drivers in the service industry.

Fortunately, there was a translation software on the phone, so basic communication was not a problem.

The Princy piedie maumente hotel was located in the center of Turin. Along the way, one could see a large number of baroque buildings that had a strong European style. It was very different from the cities in China.

The sun wouldn’t set until around 21 O’ clock, so even though it was past 7 o’ clock in the evening, the sun was still hanging in the West. The French buildings were bathed in the afterglow of the setting sun, looking beautiful.

However, Xia ruofei was very worried about Monica’s current situation. He was not in the mood to enjoy the scenery.

After successfully arriving at the hotel, Xia ruofei paid the fare and even gave the driver a 10 – Euro tip as usual.

The English at the front desk of the hotel was passable. Although the Italy accent was still strong, at least they could communicate directly. Xia ruofei booked a room online in advance. After checking his passport, he checked in very quickly.

Xia ruofei declined the waiter’s help to carry his luggage. He dragged his small suitcase and took the room card to the floor where his room was located.

After successfully checking in, Xia ruofei moved a chair over and sat in front of the window. Through the hotel window, he could see the Egypt Museum not far away. As the sky gradually darkened, there were more and more people on the streets. Italy liked to leave their homes at night and have a drink in the bar.

Although it was his first time here, Xia ruofei could still feel the leisure state of the local people’s lives. It was not that he worshiped foreign countries, but he felt that the pace of life in China was too tense.

If it wasn’t for Monica’s matter, it would definitely be a good choice to have a vacation in such a historical European city.

At this moment, Xia ruofei was not in the mood to enjoy the night view of Turin. The only thought in his mind was to help Monica solve her problem as soon as possible. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Xia ruofei had memorized all the information about Toles.

He was a true villain.

The rise of every Mafia family was inseparable from bloody battles, and the Gelman family was no exception. Toles was the gold medal fighter of the Gelman family.

Toles had joined the gang formed by old Gehrman when the Gehrman family was still developing on Sicili Island.

Although old Gehrman had a cousin who held an important position in the glory society, it wasn’t that easy for the Gehrman family to grow and grow.

Drug trafficking and money laundering were the glory society’s most important sources of income. The Gelman family had also started their business from drug trafficking.

Toles’s duty was to eliminate all threats and hidden dangers for the Gelman family. To put it bluntly, he was a vicious dog raised by the Gelman family. He would bite whoever old Gelman told him to.

In the information that old Blake had provided to Xia ruofei, Toles ‘misdeeds were recorded. He had once shot a local mafia leader at close range on the streets of Naples. After the other party was shot in the chest and fell to the ground, he still went forward and fired three shots at the other party’s head.

After seeing the watermelon fall to the ground, one could imagine the terrible state of the person at that time.

There were many similar cases, and because of the support of the Gelman family and the glory society, Toles was still at large. There was either insufficient evidence or someone had taken the blame for what he had done. None of the things had been made into irrefutable evidence.

In addition to being brutal, Toles was also a lecherous devil. It could even be said that he would not be happy without a woman, and he changed his female companion more frequently than he changed his clothes.

The scariest thing was that Toles seemed to have some special hobbies in that area. After the Gehrman family shifted their focus to Turin, which was in the North, two cases of prostitutes being killed occurred in Turin, which was usually a relatively safe place. Both of them died in horrible ways. It was rumored that they were tortured and killed while they were providing services to Toles. However, the police had not found any evidence, so Toles was still at large.

Xia ruofei could not feel at ease for a moment when someone like that had their eyes on Monica. This was also the reason why he had rushed to Italy first.

He didn’t dare to imagine how terrible he would feel if Monica also became a corpse covered in wounds!

In Xia ruofei’s mind, someone like Toles should not have existed in this world …