Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

2001 Murderous intent on a rainy night (2)

The patriarch of the Grasso family, who was also Monica’s uncle, had clearly stated that if Monica didn’t agree to the family’s conditions, she would be expelled from the Grasso family, while her younger brother, Rousey, would continue to stay in the family.

There was a strong threat here. Monica could imagine what kind of misfortune would come for the lonely and helpless Rossi to stay in the family ...

She had no other choice.

So, she was like a walking corpse tonight. She let the family’s maids dress her up and then got into the Mercedes – Benz with the family’s butler to come to the luxurious villa in the rich area.

Toles’s notoriety spread far and wide, and Monica was very clear about what she would experience. At this moment, her body trembled uncontrollably.

Between the fingers of her right hand was a sharp razor blade, and her palm was already covered in sweat.

After many days of mental struggle, Monica was still unable to accept such a fate. She had once thought of escaping and coming back to pick up her brother after she had enough strength. However, the Grasso family had already kept her under close watch.

Her uncle, the family head, saw her as the only hope and important chip to help the Grao family return to its peak.

When Monica saw the figure loitering outside her house, she knew that even if she wanted to be expelled from the family, it would be an extravagant hope. The Grasso family had no intention of chasing her away. She had no choice.

Thus, Monica used the opportunity of going to the bathroom to send an email with an old phone that she had hidden with great difficulty. She also hid a razor blade between her fingers.

Looking at the lights of the villa that were getting closer and closer, Monica’s mind flashed with the figure of the magical Oriental man, and the corners of her mouth could not help but curl up into a beautiful arc.

Her last email was meant for Xia ruofei. She did not waste too much time on her own encounter. The main point of the email was to request Xia ruofei to save her brother, Rossi, if possible.

Of course, when the email was sent out, Xia ruofei was in the middle of interrogating Banjita, the leader of the nihiliya gang, in Turin. Then, he took a taxi to the villa in the wealthy District, so he did not see it immediately.

The villa was getting closer and closer. Monica could even see the group of demons dancing in the courtyard through the car window.

She clenched the blade between her fingers, and her expression gradually became determined.

On this trip, Monica was determined to die.

Even if I die, I won’t let that notorious devil taint my body! This was Monica’s only obsession.

Regardless of whether she succeeded or failed, Monica had no intention of living. Toles had rich combat experience. Even if he was confused, it would be quite difficult to cut his throat with this blade. If the assassination failed, Monica planned to cut her own artery immediately and not give Toles the chance to defile her.

Even if she was lucky enough to succeed, Monica’s chances of survival in Toles’s old lair were zero. She might even face the crazy revenge of the Gelman family and fall into a situation worse than death.

Therefore, even if the assassination was successful, Monica had already decided to commit suicide immediately to avoid being humiliated.

As for whether the Grao family would suffer the Gelman family’s crazy revenge, Monica did not care at all. Her only hope was that her brother Rossi could survive and wait for Xia ruofei to take him away.

The car slowly stopped, and the red – haired white young man, Lorie, jogged over to open the door.

Looking at Monica in a Grand dress, Lorie couldn’t help but whistle and then said,Miss Grasso, Toles has been waiting for you for a long time! Please follow me! Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

With that said, he had an unruly smile on his face and stood by the door, gesturing for Monica to go ahead.

Monica looked at him coldly and then stepped out of the car.

Lorie immediately led Monica into the villa. From the beginning to the end, no one paid any attention to the Butler of the Grasso family who was escorting the carriage. Even Monica did not glance at him.

As she followed Lorie inside, many eyes fell on her along the way. Some were gloating, some were envious, and some had a trace of pity.

Monica completely ignored these gazes, as if she had accepted her fate, and followed Lorie with a blank expression.

Wait! A woman in a black leather jacket reached out and blocked their way.Raise your hands, don’t move ...

Monica glanced at him and slowly raised her hands as requested.

The Woman in Black searched Monica’s body seriously, three times in a row, before waving her hand and letting her go.

Monica couldn’t help but break out in a cold sweat. Her hand that was holding the razor was right beside the head of The Woman in Black, but the woman in the tight black leather suit didn’t notice it.

Sometimes, the most dangerous place was the safest place. Although this saying was overused, there was indeed a certain basis for it.

Perhaps the other party felt that a weak woman would not be a threat at all, or perhaps they subconsciously ignored this unremarkable gap between their fingers. In short, Monica passed through the barrier without any danger.

Lorie brought Monica to the pool.

Monica could already see Toles, who was half – lying beside the pool. That scarred face had given her nightmares for many days. Today, it was time to end this nightmare ...