Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

2009 Check and balance_1

Under normal circumstances, it was unrealistic for an individual to go against a huge Mafia group.

Even though Xia ruofei was a cultivator, he was still the same.

Xia ruofei might be able to destroy a small or medium – sized Mafia family like the Gelman family on his own, but a mafia organization with a long history like the glory Association had long gone on the path of globalization. Their forces were even more complicated and could be said to be endless.

Moreover, if he really wanted to kill so many people, even if Xia ruofei’s heart was as hard as a rock, it would probably affect his own Dao heart.

If they wanted to fight against the Gelman family and the glory society, they had to find an organization that was on par with them.

Xia ruofei had thought of a suitable power to help the overseas Hong sect, which had a long history.

Not only was Li Yifu a world – Class tycoon and a well – known entrepreneur, but he was also one of the big bosses of the Hong sect. In fact, Li Yifu had inherited his father’s position. When his father, li Jiuzhou, was still alive, he had a very high status in the Hong sect.

Xia ruofei didn’t need to fight to the death with the glory Association. He only needed to keep them in check. Without a doubt, the Hong sect was a very suitable force.

Thinking of this, Xia ruofei made a decision.

He turned the steering wheel and drove the car into a small road at the side. He drove directly into a forest and hid himself.

Monica had already calmed down. She was still holding her brother’s hand tightly. When Xia ruofei stopped the car in the bushes, she said,Mr. Xia, I’m really grateful to you this time! If it’s convenient, can you send us to the airport I want to take Rousey away from here!

Xia ruofei turned around and asked with a faint smile,Where are you guys going

Monica looked confused, but she quickly said,We can only take things one step at a time. The most important thing now is to leave Turin and Europe. I think Asia should be a good choice. Maybe we can live in China. I’ve saved some money over the years using an anonymous account. I should be able to withdraw this money. It should be enough for Rousey and I to live for a while. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Xia ruofei smiled and said,I have to remind you that the Gelman family must have received the news by now. They won’t be able to get her from the Grao family. Besides, you’ve brought Rousey out. What do you think they’ll do

Monica shook her head slightly.

Xia ruofei smiled.As long as the head of the Gelman family is not so stupid, he will definitely order his men to spread out and keep an eye on the airports, train stations, ports ... You and Rossi are too obvious a target. As soon as you show your face, I can guarantee that there will be a few guns pointed at you!

Monica’s face turned even paler as she muttered,Then what should I do

Don’t be in such a hurry. In any case, you can’t leave now. Xia ruofei smiled and said,I’m going to make a call to ask about the situation. We’ll talk about your matter later!

Okay ... Monica said, somewhat at a loss.

Xia ruofei took out his phone and dialed Li Yifu’s number.

Hello! Who is it Li Yifu asked in English with a hint of authority.

Before Xia ruofei left the country, not only did he make a new set of ID documents, but he also changed his phone and new number. Li Yifu did not recognize this number.

It was evening in the United States, and Li Yifu was having dinner. Not many people knew his private phone number, and those who could call him directly were either very familiar with him or had dialed the wrong number.

Adopted husband, it’s me! Xia ruofei said in Chinese.

Xia ruofei heard the clattering sounds from the other end. Li Yifu immediately threw his knife and fork on the table, then stood up and said respectfully,Senior granduncle, Hello!

Foster husband, I would like to ask, in Europe ... To be exact, in Turin, Italy, how strong is the Hong sect Xia ruofei went straight to the point.I have a little problem here. I need the help of the Hong sect.

Li Yifu quickly said,senior granduncle, are you in Turin now Who would be so bold as to offend the senior granduncle I’ll arrange for a plane to rush over immediately!

Xia ruofei said,don’t come over! You’re the focus of the media wherever you go. I’m here in secret, I don’t want everyone to know!

Yes, this disciple understands! Li Yifu immediately said.

He laughed bitterly in his heart. He didn’t expect that he would be despised by his senior granduncle because of his fame.

Of course, Li Yifu only felt that it was a pity that he couldn’t personally participate in the fight when he finally had the opportunity to work for his senior granduncle. Xia ruofei was like a god in his heart. He would not be unhappy if Xia ruofei refused to go to Italy with him.

Li Yifu thought for a while and continued,Master granduncle, the Hong sect has branches all over Europe. We also have a branch Italy. I will ask lui hai of the Italian branch to contact you right away. He will follow your orders unconditionally!

Where is he in Italy Xia ruofei asked.

Great uncle, the Italy Division is located in Milan Li Yifu said,it takes about an hour to drive from Milan to Turin.