Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

2013 I’m just doing it (1)

Lui hai smiled and explained,Mr. Xia, in Italy, the Hong sect might be slightly weaker than the glory sect. But the gap is not obvious. Besides, we have strong forces in Europe and North America, and our overall strength is only stronger than the glory Association!

Lui hai showed a proud look and continued,If it was just a dispute in Turin, the glory society would not dare to act rashly without our reinforcements. After all, we are not in direct conflict with the glory society. The Gelman family is at most their vassal organization. The glory society would not risk a full – scale conflict and intervene in the dispute! If a full – scale conflict were to break out, we would be able to mobilize enough forces from all over Europe within a day, and even send reinforcements from North America. We would not need to support their glory society at all!

Lui hai then added,but ... Mr. Xia, this is all under the condition that we only use the strength of the Turin branch. If we mobilize all the manpower Italy, it’s equal to provoking them. If the glory Association doesn’t respond, they will lose their face. They will definitely intervene! But I just said that it’s not realistic to defeat the Gelman family with our power in Turin alone ...

After talking for so long, everything was just a castle in the air without a Foundation. The first premise was already invalid.

Xia ruofei smiled and said,ah hai, nothing is impossible. Only you don’t dare to think about it. Why don’t you think about it, if we can get rid of the Gehrman family in Turin, how good would that be for the Hong sect

Lui hai forced a smile, thinking it was too unrealistic. But since Xia ruofei said so, he would just take it as a daydream.

Lui hai said,Mr. Xia, it’ll be great if we can eliminate the Gelman family with the help of the Turin branch. The Italy Mafia has always been based in the southern part of Italy. That’s where their lair is. Our Hong sect is relatively weak, but in the cities in the North, we’re basically equal in strength. For example, Milan, Rome, and Turin, the Hong sect is no weaker than the Mafia. It’s just that in recent years, the Mafia has gradually extended their tentacles to these big cities. They have the local advantage, which we can’t compare with, so the balance is gradually being broken.

Lui hai paused and said,just like in Turin. The Moore family was at most on par with the Hong sect’s branch in Turin. Generally speaking, everyone followed the rules and lived in peace. However, after the Gelman family, supported by the glory society, replaced them, the situation was different. The Gelman family was much stronger than the Moore family. Some other forces in Turin, including the Hong sect and the nihilian gang, Nigeria to make some concessions. There were also small conflicts ...

Rome and Milan are in a similar situation now. If this continues for a long time, our power will be eaten away bit by bit! Lui hai said,if we can use the strength of the Turin branch to deal a head – on blow to the German family, not only can we take back our resources and territory, but it will also be a warning to the glory society and other established Mafia groups! I believe that many foreign powers will follow our example!

Xia ruofei listened and nodded.

At this moment, a voice rang out from the door of the small conference room.Big brother hai! Are we going to attack the damn Gelman family I’ve been tolerating them for a long time! This bunch of grandsons were simply insatiable and all of them were extremely arrogant. They just needed to be taught a lesson! Big brother hai, when will our people arrive in Turin At that time, you will lead us to kill them! Hahaha!

Xia ruofei looked up and saw a 28 or 29 – year – old man walking in. He looked similar to lui hai. Behind him were three or four people, all of them were strong and had sharp eyes. They must be experienced people in the underworld.

Lui hai frowned,what the hell is this Zhengfeng, come and greet Mr. Xia!

Then lui hai said to Xia ruofei,Mr. Xia, I’m sorry! This guy is Lu zhengfeng, my cousin. He’s in charge of the things in Turin.

Xia ruofei smiled and nodded.

Lui hai glared at lui zhengfeng,Look at you, you’re almost 30 years old, but you’re not stable at all! Do you think it’s still twenty years ago

Lyu zhengfeng was confused by Lyu Hai’s scolding. He opened his mouth, but before he opened his mouth, Lyu hai scolded,What are you still doing Aren’t you going to come over and greet Mr. Xia

Lyu zhengfeng respected and feared his cousin since he was young, so he didn’t dare to disobey Lyu Hai’s words. He walked over quickly, slightly bowed and said,Good day, Mr. Xia!

Then, he couldn’t help but look at Xia ruofei who was younger than him. He didn’t know why lui hai valued this young man so much.

Lui hai said coldly,zhengfeng, Mr. Xia is a distinguished guest introduced by my uncle! Uncle Yi said that we have to respect Mr. Xia as much as we respect him!

Lu zhengfeng’s body trembled. He quickly bowed deeply to Xia ruofei and said,Hello, Mr. Xia! I was too slow just now, please don’t take offense, Mr. Xia!

This time, his tone was much more respectful.

Xia ruofei thought to himself,it seems like my adopted husband has a high reputation in the Hong sect! Just by mentioning his name, Lyu zhengfeng’s attitude immediately changed ...

You’re welcome. I’ll need your help this time!He said with a smile.

Mr. Xia, Lu zhengfeng quickly said,if you need anything, just tell us directly. We have some influence in Turin!

Lyu hai glanced at Lyu zhengfeng,Didn’t you say that the Gehrman family was very arrogant in Turin I think you’re even more arrogant than them! RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Big brother hai, how can this be the same Lu zhengfeng laughed. Mr. Xia is an important guest, we’ll do anything for him, even if we have to go through fire and water!

You ... Seeing LV zhengfeng’s cheeky look, lui hai was so angry.

Xia ruofei felt that Lu zhengfeng was interesting. Although he was not as thoughtful as Lu hai, he seemed more real.

Xia ruofei laughed.Don’t just stand there. Let’s sit down and talk.

Thank you, Mr. Xia! Lu zhengfeng said.

After that, he asked the other members of the branch to sit down with him.

Hai, where were we Xia ruofei smiled.

Mr. Xia, I’m almost done with my analysis of the advantages and disadvantages of destroying the Gelman family ... Lui hai answered.

Hearing that, LV zhengfeng became spirited as he realized that lui hai and Mr. Xia were really discussing how to deal with the Gelman family.

If we destroy the Gelman family, can the Hong sect rule the underground world of Turin Xia ruofei nodded.

When he asked this question, he looked at Lu zhengfeng.

Upon seeing this, Lu zhengfeng said without hesitation,Mr. Xia, if we can really destroy the Gelman family, then our Hong sect will be the strongest among the remaining forces. However, it is not realistic to rule them completely. After all, there are still the Niliya gangs, Southeast Asian gangs and other small and medium – sized forces. We can’t destroy them one by one. Besides, the government and the police will not allow such a situation to happen.

No matter what, lui hai added,if we can eliminate the Gelman family, the Hong sect’s power in Turin, even in northern Italy, will rise by a lot!

Yes, yes, yes! Lu zhengfeng also nodded in agreement.

Hearing this, Xia ruofei nodded and said,very good! Then let’s do it!

Lyu zhengfeng excitedly exchanged a look with several backbones of his subordinates, while Lyu hai was confused. The hundreds of people in Turin were not enough! Did I just analyze for nothing Or was this young master only selectively listening to the beneficial aspects

Lui hai hesitated for a while and reminded him,Mr. Xia, if we were to transfer manpower from other regions, I’m afraid that the Association’s backlash would be very intense ...

Xia ruofei smiled and said,no need. We’ll use the people from the Turin branch.

What Lu zhengfeng cried out involuntarily,there’s no support ... Mr. Xia, we’re not trying to boost other people’s morale and diminish our own prestige! This ... With just a few hundred people on our side, we might not be able to win against the Gelman family ...

Lui hai didn’t scold Lu zhengfeng this time, because he had the same opinion as Lu zhengfeng. He just looked at Xia ruofei, waiting for his answer.

Xia ruofei smiled and said,we’ll only know if we can destroy them after we’ve done it! Zhengfeng, don’t tell me you don’t even have the courage to do this!

Lu zhengfeng was very shrewdness, and he immediately said,Mr. Xia, we’re really not afraid! Our brothers have lived on the edge of the blade for so many years, who would be afraid of death I’m just afraid that if we don’t have enough manpower, our brothers will lose their lives in vain, and we won’t be able to complete the task you gave us!

Xia ruofei chuckled and said,ah hai, zhengfeng, how about this You should be very familiar with the situation of the Gelman family. Tonight, you should first think about what to do if you want to completely destroy this Mafia family! Don’t they have so many properties and territories Where to attack first Where else to attack Who were the core members of their family Where were they located Which few of them must be killed Can you organize all this information and come up with a plan we’ll talk about the rest tomorrow, okay

Lyu hai and Lyu zhengfeng looked at each other, both feeling it was ridiculous. But thinking of Li Yifu’s advice, Lyu hai nodded,Alright, Mr. Xia. We’ll start making plans immediately!

Anyway, it was just a plan on paper, and not for the brothers to fight with real swords and guns. Just treat it as a wargame ...

Anyway, when the time came, he would make his plan a little more conservative. When Xia ruofei saw that they obviously did not have enough manpower tomorrow, he would probably give up on this unrealistic idea.

Of course, lui hai was also worried that Xia ruofei was a fool who would carry out the plan regardless of the difficulties in reality. So he decided to ask Li Yifu tonight ...