Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 204: Chapter 200 – super purification (double time)_1

In the new space, the rich spirit Qi made people feel relaxed and happy. Once Xia ruofei entered the medium, he saw Blackie, fluffy one, and fluffy two surrounding the all – terrain vehicle vigilantly. They even stretched out their legs to test it from time to time, making muffled sounds. They were very wary of the steel monster that had suddenly appeared in the space. Xia ruofei smiled and whistled, summoning little black and the rest. Xia ruofei reached out and patted Blackie’s head, who was the first to reach him. He chuckled and said,””Don’t be nervous, I brought that car in!” Blacky barked twice, indicating that it understood Xia ruofei’s words. Xia ruofei laughed and jumped into the all – terrain vehicle. After starting the engine, Xia ruofei thought for a while and waved at Blackie and the other seven puppies to jump into the vehicle. The mrtr g was a four – seater model, and with the large cargo compartment at the back, it could easily accommodate a few puppies. Xia ruofei put on his wind – proof glasses, shifted into gear, and stepped on the accelerator. The all – terrain vehicle immediately sped off. This scared Blackie, fluffy one, and fluffy two. They barked and clutched the car seat with their claws. Fluffy four, who was the thinnest, was even trembling. Xia ruofei consoled them. He did not care if they understood him or not. He laughed and stepped on the accelerator. The car started to speed up. The design of the all – terrain vehicle was that it didn’t have a windshield. This was to prevent mud from splashing and blocking the windshield when driving at full speed in bad terrain. So when the speed increased, the wind directly blew in his face and his ears were filled with the sound of the wind. It felt very refreshing. Most of the new space was a flat grassland, but it was not man – made, so it was natural to see potholes everywhere. The advantage of an all – terrain vehicle was revealed at this time. The car had a powerful anti – shock system so that Xia ruofei could not feel it when the car passed through small potholes. Even if it was a bigger obstacle, the car could pass through it at a very fast speed. He only felt a slight bump in the car. This model of all – terrain vehicle was designed for extreme terrains, so it had a very high passing rate. In the extreme test, ordinary rocks could be directly driven through. The world’s top suspension system ensured that the height difference between the wheels on both sides and the front and rear wheels was also maximized. For example, if the left front wheel of a car was pressed on a 40 – 50 cm tall stone, and the other three wheels were on flat ground, mrtr g could still maintain a four – wheeled landing state. It would take a long time to reach the new space on foot. However, when the all – terrain vehicle picked up speed, they reached the space membrane very quickly. Xia ruofei turned the steering wheel and the all – terrain vehicle changed directions nimbly, bringing up a cloud of soil as the vehicle sped in another direction. Xia ruofei took the opportunity to explore the entire space. Then, he drove back to the foot of the hill and stopped not far from the stone tablet. Little black and the rest immediately got out of the car and ran far away. In their eyes, this steel monster was too terrifying. Its speed was simply too terrifying ... Xia ruofei sat in the car and did not get out. He suddenly thought of a problem. The area of the Kasaya space was so large, and the car would emit exhaust gas when it was moving. Wouldn’t it pollute the environment of the entire space if it was used for a long time? If that was the case, then no matter how much he liked this car, he would never use it. However, Xia ruofei sniffed hard but did not smell anything. He thought for a moment and decided to start the car again. He put the car in the air Gear and lightly stepped on the accelerator a few times. The all – terrain vehicle roared, and little black and the others were scared and hid further away. The exhaust pipe at the back of the car spewed out a light green exhaust. Xia ruofei immediately connected to the new space with his mind and sensed it. At this moment, he had complete control over everything in the space, and it was much more accurate than just relying on his naked eye. Soon, Xia ruofei’s attention was locked on the exhaust of the all – terrain vehicle. Then, Xia ruofei made a shocking discovery. As the exhaust gas rose, it began to dissipate at a slow speed. It did not dissipate in space, but disappeared bit by bit. Xia ruofei continued to step on the accelerator a few more times, and this time, more exhaust gas was being released. Then, he continued to focus on the exhaust gas. This time, it was even more obvious. As the large cloud of exhaust gas rose, it dissipated little by little out of thin air. Xia ruofei let out a long breath. This meant that the spirit map space had the ability to purify itself. The exhaust was harmful to the space environment and was directly eliminated by the space. It could be transformed into other harmless forms of existence, or it could be directly expelled to the void outside the space. Xia ruofei had already seen the purification ability of space at the spatial spirit pool. The spatial spirit pond was always extremely clear. One could see the bottom of the pond with a glance and there was not a single trace of impurity in the water. If the water could be purified, so could the air. Xia ruofei finally felt at ease. He called Blackie and the others over and said,””Xiao hei, the car is parked here, don’t come and destroy it! If you behave well, I’ll take you to the outside world to play when you grow up!” Woof woof! Blackie barked at Xia ruofei happily. Xia ruofei patted Blackie’s head in satisfaction. Then, with a thought, he traveled from the new space to the original space. Today was the day to harvest the petals of the exotic flower. Xia ruofei came to the nameless plant and saw that the strange flower with five – colored petals had bloomed. Xia ruofei took the Tupperware and tweezers and carefully picked the five petals. With that, he now had 21 petals. For the time being, even if the farm started to plant them on a large scale, the flower petals would be enough. After putting the fruit away in the container carefully, Xia ruofei looked at the smallest fruit carefully. The result made Xia ruofei very happy that Yingying’s fruit had really grown a little. Although the extent of the change was small, Xia ruofei had been paying attention to it before, so he was still sharp enough to notice it. This basically proved that after picking a spirit fruit, it would still bear fruit again after a certain period of time. However, it might take much longer than the time for the flower to bloom again. Then, Xia ruofei went to the small fish pond to check on the pair of young red Dragons. He was delighted to find that the pair of young fish had grown significantly, at least a few centimeters longer than yesterday. According to the past rules, it was impossible for the young fish to grow so quickly in the original space for a month. The growth rate of the other juveniles in the large fish pond next to them was much lower than this pair of juveniles. The effect of an entire petal was very obvious. Xia ruofei was completely at ease. He patrolled around the space before leaving the spirit map space, satisfied. The battle for double monthly votes has already begun. Steel gun’s position is now in danger, and I urgently need the support of monthly votes!ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com