Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

2044 Evolution of the rules_1

Under Xia ruofei’s control, the spirit map scroll emitted rays of light. Fortunately, Xia ruofei had closed all the doors and windows tightly, and the curtains were drawn. He had also set up a small formation, so he did not have to worry about the strange phenomenon attracting the attention of others.

A suction force came from the spirit map scroll and instantly devoured the entire world stone.

The world stone seemed to have encountered an invisible vortex as it spun and flew towards the spirit map scroll. Then, it disappeared into thin air.

Xia ruofei’s mind was still connected to the spirit map. He could clearly sense that the moment the world stone entered the spirit map’s space, all the essence of the stone was absorbed almost instantly, turning into traces of spatial power and fusing into the spirit map.

Even the White realm Fox, which had rushed over after sensing the aura of the realm stone, could not catch up with the speed of the absorption of the spirit map. By the time it arrived, it only saw that the realm stone had turned grayish – White and its surface was filled with cracks.

After losing the support of the spatial power, the world stone fell to the ground and shattered into many pieces. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

The White realmfox waved its front claws in frustration and squeaked a few times at the sky in the spirit map space.

Xia ruofei chuckled and picked up another realm stone from the box.

The spirit map scroll greedily swallowed the realm stone. This time, the White realm Fox was prepared. The moment the realm stone appeared in the spirit map space, it immediately pounced on it. Unfortunately, although it had successfully grabbed it, the realm stone was also absorbed in an instant. What it had grabbed was only an ordinary stone that had lost its essence.

The third, the fourth, the fifth ...

Xia ruofei could feel that the speed at which the spirit map was devouring the realm stone had slowed down. Hence, he used his spiritual power to speak to the White realm Fox in the space,””Little brat! That’s enough ... Let’s stop for a while!”

With that, Xia ruofei used his spatial power to imprison the little guy in mid – Air.

Xia ruofei even shamelessly confined the white fox near the location where the realm stone appeared. He did not use the overlapping small spaces to completely confine it but only used spatial energy to bind it.

In this way, the white fox could still move its limbs randomly, but its body could not move at all.

The boundary stones appeared one by one within reach, but they were just a tiny bit away. The White boundary Fox was so angry that its lungs were about to explode. If only it had lungs like humans.

The last time it leveled up, the spirit map space still wasn’t enough after absorbing seven world stones. Later, Xia ruofei even went to stone gambling and got a batch of jades, which allowed the spirit map space to break through the bottleneck and successfully level up.

Hence, Xia ruofei was mentally prepared.

According to his observation, the difficulty of each space upgrade would increase.

The last time he had leveled up twice, he had used 5 world stones the first time. The second time, he had used 7 world stones, and it was still not enough.

This time, Xia ruofei felt that it would be normal to use up 10 world stones.

In the beginning, Xia ruofei did not feel anything when he sent the world stones one by one to the spirit map scroll. When the tenth world stone was quickly absorbed and the space still showed no signs of upgrading, Xia ruofei could not help but feel apprehensive.

Every single realm stone was extremely precious. This was because Xia ruofei had yet to find any effective method to search for realm stones. Every time he found one, it was by chance. Although Xia Qing had told him that the White realm Fox had an innate sensitivity to realm stones, and its sensing range was much further than the sensing array he had done previously, Xia ruofei had never seen it before. It was as if it did not eat or drink in the space and would often be in a daze for a few days. He really couldn’t see what kind of amazing ability it had.

Moreover, Xia ruofei had no idea how many world stones were in storage on earth.

This time, Xia ruofei had obtained a total of 18 world stones. In the blink of an eye, more than half of them had been absorbed by the spirit map.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but mumble to himself,”could it be that after using up all 18 world stones, the space can’t be upgraded again?” That would be too much ...

Although his heart was beating like a drum, Xia ruofei did not hesitate at all. After the 10th world stone was absorbed, he immediately took out another world stone from the box and continued to feed it to the spirit map scroll.

In any case, other than providing energy for the upgrade of the spirit map, the only use of these world stones was to be food for the realm Fox.

Comparing the two, Xia ruofei basically did not need to answer the multiple choice question. Of course, he would let the space absorb it! The realm Fox didn’t put in any effort at all, yet it still wanted to take advantage of this place for no reason? in its dreams!

It did not matter if the space could be upgraded or how many world stones it had to absorb to upgrade. Anyway, the fate of these world stones was the same. Hence, Xia ruofei did not bother to think about it anymore.

11,12,13 ...

Xia ruofei was almost numb. He felt that the spirit map was devouring the world stones as if they were jelly beans. One after another, he was not full at all!

Finally, when the 14th world stone was about to be completely absorbed, Xia ruofei, who had been paying attention to the spatial situation, clearly felt a wave of fluctuations in the laws of the entire space. It was as if it had been compressed to the extreme before suddenly erupting.

Xia ruofei was connected to the spirit map space by heart and blood, and his spiritual power cultivation was much higher than before. Hence, he could vaguely feel that the spatial rules of the spirit map world seemed to be in chaos at this moment. Even the White realm Fox felt a trace of uneasiness and stopped its meaningless struggle. It was suspended in the air quietly by the invisible force of the space.