Chapter 208: Tidying up the plan (1)

Gu PU’s painting looked unremarkable. Other than Xia ruofei, no one knew that this old – looking scroll actually contained a magical space. Xia ruofei held the scroll in one hand and walked around the warehouse. If there was anyone in the warehouse at this moment, they would think that it was a magic trick or that there was something wrong with their eyes. They would see that wherever Xia ruofei passed by, the huge wine jars would disappear into thin air. After a while, the small warehouse was empty again. Xia ruofei used his mind to sense the interior of the space. 25 large wine jars were neatly placed in an open space in the original space. Xia ruofei nodded in satisfaction. As his spiritual connection with the spirit map space grew stronger, his control over it also grew stronger. This time, he placed the 100 – pound wine jar into the spirit map space according to Xia ruofei’s wishes. It appeared in the spirit map space almost exactly as he wished. Xia ruofei kept the painting in his palm, locked the warehouse door, and drove straight to Taoyuan farm. Back at the villa, Xia ruofei immediately went upstairs to his room. Hu ‘Zi’s mother and Lin Qiao had returned to the city. Ye Lingyun had always followed the rules and would not break into the room without knocking. However, Xia ruofei still carefully locked the door and windows before taking out the spirit map. Xia ruofei entered the spirit map space. He directly appeared at the place where the wine jars were placed in the original space. The 25 large wine jars were neatly arranged in a five by five square matrix, as if they had been measured with a ruler. Xia ruofei was very satisfied with his control over space. Xia ruofei walked around the wine jar and made a decision. He walked to the spatial spirit pond, picked up the container with the petals, and returned to the wine jar. Xia ruofei opened one of the wine jars, then used a pair of tweezers to pick up a petal from the Tupperware and threw it into the wine jar. He was going to keep this jar of wine as a treasure for himself or his close friends to enjoy. He had 21 petals now. After using one, he had 20 left, which was enough for him to use in the future. Xia ruofei covered the wine jar and made a mark on it. Then, he went to dig up some soil from the space and brought out the water from the space pool. He mixed them together and stirred them into a paste. He carefully sealed the mouth of each wine jar tightly. There were also sealing measures taken when Xuanji Dingfeng winery sent them here. However, Xia ruofei still trusted this ancient method more, so he added a “double insurance”. After doing all this, he patrolled the space again. The pair of young red Dragons had grown a few centimeters and were obviously different from their siblings in the big fish pond. The small spiritual fruit on the nameless plant also had a slight change. Although the growth was not obvious, as long as it was growing, Xia ruofei was very relieved. Then, Xia ruofei went to the new space to play with Blackie and the rest for a while to replenish their food supplies. He also checked the oak trees. They were all firmly rooted and luxuriant. Xia ruofei removed all the wooden sticks that were used as support. As for whether truffle mushrooms would grow by the end of the year, it would be a test of time. However, with the successful planting experience in the original space, Xia ruofei was very confident. After the inspection, Xia ruofei was lying on the cargo hold at the back of the all – terrain vehicle, a blade of grass in his mouth. The grass in the interspace had a special fragrance. It was the kind of pure grass fragrance. Xia ruofei closed his eyes to rest, while Blackie lay quietly beside him. Xia ruofei was considering his next step. Taoyuan farm was already on the right track in the field of vegetable planting. He did not need to worry too much. He only needed to regularly supply Cao tieshu with “high – tech seeds” and remember to add the petal solution into the water tower. The cutting of the succulent plant could bring him a monthly income of 200000 to 300000 Yuan. However, he had to do it himself. From cutting the seedlings to mailing them, he had to do it himself. Now that he had more and more things to do, he found it a little too troublesome. Xia ruofei was considering if he could move the succulents ‘business to the outside world. Of course, the biggest problem was time. The succulents grew so slowly in the outside world that it was outrageous. If this problem could not be solved, he would have to gradually stop this business. Xia ruofei decided not to care about the meat for now. For the time being, he could still handle it. Besides, the profits from this area were quite impressive. The Taobao shop had already made a name for itself. It would be a pity to close it down. It was still too little profit! Xia ruofei was making money very quickly, but the spirit map space was like a bottomless pit. If he wanted to level up, he had to spend a lot of money on Jade. This time, he had earned more than ten million in one go, but he spent it very quickly. The worst part was that the space’s upgrade was not complete. Xia ruofei was eager to explore the secret of the space. He had a feeling that although the spirit map space had shown its extraordinary side, it was only the tip of the iceberg. It could only be revealed slowly after continuous upgrading. Just the stone tablet in the new space alone was not simple. The golden light that Xia ruofei had sensed the last time seemed to have opened a door. The endless truth of heaven and earth leaked out from the crack of the door. He could not forget it even now and could not wait to explore more mysteries. Xia ruofei also used this free time to sort out his next plan. At Taoyuan farm, there was still an Orchard and a fish pond in the back of the mountain that had not been used. He already had a plan in mind for planting fruit trees. He could buy the saplings in the next two days when he had time, but he had no idea what to raise in the fish pond for the time being. Even though raising ordinary edible fish could still sell for a price that far exceeded the market price, the economic benefits were still too low. Xia ruofei decided to do some research on the internet later to settle the matters of raising fish. Other than that, Tao Yuan farm had no other profit points. Next, other than the transfer of houses, fruit trees, and fish fry, Xia ruofei also had to build a new building on the farm. In Xia ruofei’s mind, the first and second floors of the building would be used for administrative work, and the third floor and above would be used as employees ‘apartments. Some guest rooms could also be reserved so that when guests visited the farm in the future, they could have a place to stay. After all, the villa was his private property. Moreover, he had a big secret like the spirit painting scroll. No matter how good their relationship was, it was still inconvenient for them to live together in the long term. Xia ruofei decided that he would focus on settling all these things in the next few days and then go out for a walk to find new sources of profit. Recently, he had been spending money faster, and it was urgent to speed up his earning. After sorting out the plans for the future, Xia ruofei jumped out of the car. He reached out his hand and gently jumped out. After giving a few instructions to Blackie, Xia ruofei left the spirit map space. Xia ruofei kept the painting in his palm and glanced at his phone out of habit. He saw that there was indeed a missed call. Moreover, this phone call was from Secretary Tian Huilan of Sanshan city. Xia ruofei raised his eyebrows. What important matter would make Secretary Tian call him personally? He immediately picked up his phone and called back ... [PS] the pursuers are closing in step by step, and my ass is in danger ... There’s only one day left, do my brothers and sisters still have monthly votes? A spear doesn’t want to lose its integrity in its later years ah~~~~~Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎