Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

2093 The young goose’s “exit”_For the next few days, Xia ruofei focused on processing the materials. He spent most of his time in the small villa on the farm. He locked himself in his room, or more accurately, locked himself in the spirit map space. He processed the materials day and night and carved a large number of basic formations at the same time.

During this process, Xia ruofei’s proficiency in formations had also improved greatly.

He would only leave the origin space when he felt extremely exhausted. Occasionally, he would go to the company or the pharmaceutical factory to take a walk around, just to relax.

After careful consideration and discussion with his family, Xu Yougang decided to take Xia ruofei’s suggestion and go to Australia with Zeng Liang and the others.

His only condition was to bring his parents and wife there. He needed them to provide him with a place to stay and help him with the visa application.

After Xia ruofei learned about it, he was very happy. He immediately called Liang Qichao, who was in Australia, and told him that he had arranged for four veterans to be fully in charge of the security of Paradise Farm. He also told Liang Qichao about Xu Yougang’s special situation in advance and asked him to help arrange their lives.

At the same time, he asked Liang Qichao to issue an invitation under the name of Paradise Farm in Australia. He also called the Executive Director, Dong Yun, and asked her to send someone from the company’s legal department to help Xu Yougang’s group of four, as well as Xu Yougang’s parents and wife, with their visas.

In the past few days, Qin Lan of the Yacht Club had been trying her best to negotiate with President Huang and Xia ruofei on the phone, hoping to find a balance point to facilitate this deal.

As Xia ruofei was always in the boundless space, he did not pick up her calls sometimes. Even when he did, he did not seem very enthusiastic because he was focused on the batch of materials. This made Qin Lan anxious. She then increased her communication with CEO Huang and lowered the price from the original base.

To Xia ruofei, this was an accident.

Finally, on the fourth day, Qin Lan called Xia ruofei and told him that CEO Huang was willing to give him a 5% discount, which was about 3.5 million Yuan.

Xia ruofei felt that the price should be good enough. He had studied the details of this yacht. Back then, CEO Huang might not have been short of money, so many of the configurations had been upgraded. In total, the total price should be between seventy – two to seventy – three million. Now that he had given up the interest, it was almost five million cheaper. This price was already very low.

Therefore, he no longer held back and decisively agreed to this price.

Naturally, Qin Lan was overjoyed. She eagerly asked Xia ruofei when he could go over to complete the procedures.

Coincidentally, Xia ruofei had been working continuously in the spirit map space for more than ten hours and felt that his mental strength was a little insufficient. Hence, he decided to sign the contract on the same day.

The process of the transaction was not complicated. The Yacht Club was equivalent to an intermediary role, and President Huang himself did not even show up. Everything was entrusted to the lawyer to handle.

After Xia ruofei arrived at the Yacht Club, she signed a transfer agreement and paid 50% of the payment according to the rules. The total price was 66.5 million Yuan, and the down payment was 33.25 million Yuan.

Xia ruofei’s cash flow was abundant now, and he paid the money without hesitation.

The remaining things could be handed over to the Yacht Club to handle, including the yacht transfer, relevant shipbuilding procedures, and so on.

The yacht was already available, but it was docked at a yacht Pier on Heron Island and needed to be driven from Heron Island to Sanshan.

Qin Lan promised to deliver the yacht to Xia ruofei within two days. Of course, Xia ruofei had to pay the remaining 33.25 million Yuan before the yacht was delivered. At the same time, Qin Lan had promised to give Xia ruofei another 500000 Huaxia dollars for equipment selection. Xia ruofei could request for modification according to his needs after the yacht was delivered. The rest could be left to the Yacht Club. Of course, Xia ruofei would still have to pay for the parts that exceeded 500000 Huaxia dollars during the modification process.

Xia ruofei realized that he would not be able to get the yacht that day. He was still thinking about the pile of materials in the medium. After paying and getting the receipt, he did not stay in the Yacht Club for long. He immediately greeted them and drove back to Taoyuan farm.

After Xia ruofei returned to the small farm villa, he entered the spirit map space and continued to draw the formation.

To refine a complete primary spiritual puppet, he would need to engrave at least one to two thousand formations of various sizes. With his current cultivation, he was not able to complete a small part of the formations, but he could complete most of them at his current stage. All he needed was patience.

Once Xia ruofei was in, he did not eat or drink for another ten hours.

With his current cultivation, even though he still couldn’t completely reach the realm of inedia, not eating or drinking for a few days wouldn’t have much of an effect.

When he came out of the space, it was already the morning of the next day.

When Xia ruofei was drawing the formation, he needed to be absolutely focused. Therefore, he always left his phone outside and put it on silent mode. Anyway, he would come out of the medium every ten to twenty hours. At this stage, there was nothing urgent.

After returning to the outside world from the spirit map space, Xia ruofei naturally checked his phone first. In the end, other than a few WeChat messages, he had five or six missed calls.FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m