Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

2109 The optimal solution_1

“Yes! Master!” Xia Qing replied.

In the next moment, Xia Qing’s figure appeared at the entrance of a small cave on the mountainside of that tall mountain in the mountain sea realm.

Along with Xia Qing, there were five cages with serial numbers on them. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Xia ruofei walked closer to take a look. The Strasburg goose in the cage had already matured. The growth cycle of this kind of goose was not very long. They had stayed for a month during the customs Inspection and Quarantine. After two to three days in the Archean realm and being in an environment with rich Reiki, they naturally grew very quickly.

Of course, to the other Strasburg geese that were raised in the mountain sea realm, only two or three days had passed, so naturally, there were not many changes.

Xia ruofei was full of anticipation as he took out the Strasburg goose from cage 1.

In order to ease its pain, Xia ruofei directly released a little essential Qi. The sharp essential Qi instantly crushed its head. It died almost instantly without any pain.

Xia ruofei was not a stubborn animal protector. The Strasburg goose at the bottom of the food chain was destined to be slaughtered. If they were not chosen to be exported to China, they would have been living a hellish life on a farm. Hence, Xia ruofei did not have any psychological barriers.

With a casual wave of his hand, a sharp military saber was moved out of thin air from the primordial realm’s toolbox and appeared in his palm.

The military knife that was infused with a trace of true energy cut through the stomach of the Strasburg goose as if it was tofu.

……

In a short while, five trays were placed neatly at the entrance of the small cave.

Each tray had a fresh foie gras.

The result of the experiment was clear at a glance.

The foie gras on tray No. 5 was the smallest, which was the size of a normal foie liver. The corresponding experimental goose No. 5 had been fed normally without any Chinese medicine.

On the remaining four trays, the foie gras were obviously much bigger, which was the effect of abnormal growth.

Obviously, the prescription that Xia ruofei had come up with could indeed allow the Strasburg goose to take in nutrients that its body could not absorb in a short period of time when it was fed normally. This would cause the liver to overload and form a fatty liver.

Although the four solutions of the two prescriptions were effective, the effects were different.

The foie gras produced by the latter two methods were obviously larger than the first two methods. Xia ruofei also used a military knife to cut open the foie gras for observation. The texture of the foie gras in the latter two methods was more delicate.

As for the latter two plans, they corresponded to the same prescription, but the ratios of various medicinal materials were different.

It was obvious that this prescription was more effective than the other one.

Of course, the evaluation effect could not only be judged by the size and weight of the foie gras, but also by the comprehensive consideration of the taste and other factors.

Hence, after Xia ruofei weighed the exact weight of each foie gras and carefully recorded it down, he used a military knife to cut each of the four foie gras into a piece and vacuum – packed them. He then labeled them with a serial number.

Then, Xia ruofei muttered to himself for a long time. He kept analyzing the better prescription in his mind. Based on his understanding of Pharmacology, he adjusted the proportion of each medicinal material on the basis of the plan that could produce the largest foie gras and re – formed five plans.

Xia ruofei wrote down the corresponding ratio of the five herbs on the paper and handed it to Xia Qing, saying,””Xia Qing, for the next two or three days, you will choose five more geese to carry out the experiment according to these five plans!”

As for the normal – fed control group, there was no need to set up any more. Yingying’s experiment had already proved that the method of stimulating foie gras with Chinese medicine was feasible. What was to be done next was just to further improve on this basis and get a more optimized plan.

“Yes, master!” Xia Qing replied respectfully.

Xia ruofei vacuum – packed the foie gras into a small cave for storage and left the rest to Xia Qing.

……

The next day, the lawyer sent by uncle Jiang from Heron Island, Xia ruofei, and Feng Jing brought all the materials and went to the real estate trading center to handle the transfer procedures.

Because the documents were complete, the property rights were clear, and the other party had already received the house payment in advance, the transfer was not complicated. It was basically done in half a day. After the transfer of water, electricity, and coal, it was basically noon.

Xia ruofei invited lawyer Wang, Feng Rao, and Ling Qingxue to have lunch at Ling’s private kitchen before the lawyer returned to the hotel to rest.

In the afternoon, the group went to the jiangbin villa community again and went to the property management to make the owner change. The house was handed over under the witness of the property management.

After a busy day, the house was basically settled.

Xia ruofei and Feng Jing had both received the property and land ownership certificates. From today onwards, the two houses had officially changed owners.

The three of them stood in front of Feng Jing’s townhouse. Xia ruofei smiled and said,””Sister che, leave the renovation to uncle Liang of jianda group! I’m more at ease with my own people!”

Feng Rao liked this villa from the bottom of her heart, so she was very happy. “Alright!” She said with a smile. You’re more familiar with CEO Liang, so why don’t you say hello to him?”

“No problem!” Xia ruofei said readily,”jianda group can do everything from design to renovation. You won’t have to worry about this!”

“Yeah!” Feng Rao nodded.