Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

2112 Beyond imagination (2)

With that, Gore handed a piece of paper to Bastian.

Bastian took it and eagerly looked at it. Xia ruofei also curiously moved closer to take a look.

The form was printed out by the testing equipment. It was written in English and Xia ruofei could understand it easily.

The fat content was 52%, of which 65% was saturated fatty acid.

Gore smiled and said,”see that?” This is normal data, which means that there is no problem with our equipment. The quality of the foie gras sample provided by Mr. Xia is too good!”

“It’s unbelievable ...” Bastian muttered to himself.

Xia ruofei was very happy. He asked,””Mr. Gore, so the foie gras I provided are not bad?”

“This is simply too good!” Gore said,”especially sample No. 8. In my opinion, it’s a perfect piece of art!”

Samples No. 5 to No. 9 were all cultivated after Xia ruofei made improvements on the basis of the first experiment and then adjusted the plan.

From the data provided by Gore, the performance of these five samples was also better than the first four samples.

Specimen No. 8’s performance was even more eye – catching.

Without a doubt, the best plan was No. 8.

“By the way, Mr. Xia,” Gore asked,”did you record the weight of the foie gras when you collected them?”

“Of course!” Xia ruofei said,”these are the relevant data ...”

Xia ruofei knew that Gore couldn’t understand Chinese, so he pointed to one of the columns and said,””The weight of the foie gras is recorded here in grams.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Oh my God ...” Gore could not help but exclaim.”What am I seeing? 2300 grams of foie gras? Mr. Xia, are you sure the unit of measurement is grams? I’m sorry, I don’t mean to question your data, but ...”

Xia ruofei smiled and waved his hand.”Mr. Gore, you don’t have to explain. I understand ... I can tell you with certainty that we are indeed measuring in grams.”

“The biggest foie gras I’ve ever seen is about 2000 grams. This is already the heaviest foie gras I’ve ever seen in my career.” Gore said,”and these nine samples of yours, the minimum weight is more than 1700 grams. It’s simply unbelievable ...”

Bastian laughed and said,”Gore, I’ve said it before, Mr. Xia’s company has always managed the best!” As long as it’s a product of the Paradise Corporation, there’s no need to doubt its quality. ”

“I’ve really seen it ...” Gore sighed.

“Mr. Gore, is our cultivation experiment a success?” Xia ruofei asked with a smile.

“From the data, it’s almost perfect!” “But foie gras is meant for human consumption,” Gore said.”So, there’s still a very important indicator of the final effect, which is the texture and taste.”

Bastian immediately said,”then what are we waiting for?” Gore, it’s time to show off your cooking skills! I can’t wait any longer ...”

Xia ruofei laughed.”Mr. Bastian, I think we should pick three foie gras with the best data and ask Mr. Gore to cook it. Let’s all try it together. How about it?”

“I completely agree!” Bastian hurriedly said.

“The remaining foie gras sample is a small gift from me. I’ll give it to you!” He said. Xia ruofei smiled.

“Thank you for your generosity!” Bastian said,”we’re really in luck ...”

The foie gras sample provided by Xia ruofei was not complete. It was not a small amount, but it was not a lot either. At least, it was still a little lacking to make a complete main dish.

Therefore, these foie gras samples could not be sold to customers. In the end, they would definitely be divided and eaten by Bastian, Gore, and the others.

Bastian continued,”Mr. Xia, I’ll invite your friend, miss Xiaoxiao, to share the foie gras!” I’m sure she’ll be overjoyed if she knows it’s from her idol!”

Xia ruofei laughed and said,”you’re exaggerating ... Mr. Bastian, let’s leave the kitchen to Mr. Gore!” I can’t wait to try some good food ...”

“Hahaha! It’s my neglect...Mr. Xia, let’s wait in front!” Bastian laughed and said,”Gore, I’ll leave this to you. You must play to your full potential!”

“Don’t worry!”Gore said confidently.

Bastian brought Xia ruofei to the empty dining area and made him a cup of coffee. Then, the two of them sat in the card Bag and chatted.

After a while, the glass door of the Western restaurant was pushed open, followed by a surprised voice,””President Xia! What are you doing here?”

Xia ruofei’s back was facing the door, but he could tell from the voice that Cheng Xiaoxiao had arrived.

He chuckled as he turned his head around and said,””Xiaoxiao, what are you saying ... Am I not welcome here?”

Cheng Xiaoxiao’s face flushed red. She waved her hands and said,””I didn’t mean it that way! It’s just that I didn’t expect to see you in the restaurant outside of business hours. That’s why I’m so surprised!”

Xia ruofei laughed and asked,”by the way, why are you here so early?” It shouldn’t be your working hours yet, right?”

Bastian’s Chinese wasn’t bad, so he could understand the conversation between Xia ruofei and Cheng Xiaoxiao.