Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

2124 The abnormal realm Fox (1)

During this period of time, Xia ruofei had entered and exited the spirit map space many times. However, this little guy was always hiding in the various space nodes to comprehend the spatial rules tirelessly and had no time to bother with Xia ruofei. This time, it came out on its own, and Xia ruofei was a little curious.

He chuckled as he greeted the white fox and said,””Little guy, what’s the matter?”

The White realmfox supported itself on its two feet and waved its front claws at Xia ruofei while squeaking.

Xia ruofei had spent some time with the White realmfox and could roughly guess what it was trying to convey through its body language.

Xia ruofei thought for a while and asked with a smile,””You’re saying that you’re very hungry and want to eat World stones?”

The White realmfox nodded.

Xia ruofei smiled and shrugged.””But according to our agreement, you have to help me find the world stone before I can give you a share!”

Back then, he had kept the three world stones in the spirit map’s space. He was not in a hurry to let the space absorb the Suan ni since there was no way to upgrade the space after absorbing it. Instead, he had left them in the space. The White world Fox could see them but not eat them. This gave it some motivation to work hard with him to find more world stones.

The White realmfox squeaked and gestured with its forelimbs. It meant that Xia ruofei had not gone out to travel during this period of time. Even if it wanted to find a realm stone, it had no way.

Xia ruofei thought for a while and said,”you’re right. I’m really busy these days. But you have to bear with it.” I’ll take you out in a few days, and you can use your senses to sense it. ”

The White realmfox had a bitter expression on its face. It rubbed its stomach as it lay down, made a kicking motion, and then lay motionless on its back.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but laugh. This little fellow’s body language was quite vivid. It was clearly saying that if there were no more world stones, it would starve to death. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

However, Xia ruofei would not easily believe the words of the strange white fox.

Moreover, this little fellow looked very lively. How did it look like it was about to die from hunger?

Even though it had not eaten a world stone for a long time, it was definitely not so serious that it would starve to death.

On the contrary, Xia ruofei was worried that once he gave it a world stone, it would not have the motivation to find more after eating it.

After all, this little fellow seemed to be able to go without eating for a long time after eating a world stone once.

Now that it had taken the initiative to come out and ask for the world stone, it meant that it was really hungry. It was not easy for Xia ruofei to have a chance to control it, so how could he give it up so easily?

Thinking of this, Xia ruofei chuckled and said,””Alright, alright! Stop pretending! Quickly get up!”

The White realmfox rolled to its feet and looked at Xia ruofei indignantly, as if protesting that Xia ruofei had left her in the lurch.

Xia ruofei laughed and said,”little guy!” If you really want a world stone, then go and sense it properly in a few days. I promise you, I’ll take you out for a walk in at most seven days. And if I really find something, even if it’s just a world stone, I’ll let you eat it first. Is that okay?”

Xia ruofei’s plan was this: “the yacht should be ready in a few days. By then, I’ll bring enough supplies and sail out to sea alone. It’ll be a good way to relax. At the same time, I’ll let the White realm Fox sense the realm stone. Who knows, there might be some new discoveries.”

After all, a world stone was something that could only be encountered by luck. Running around the world to find it was similar to trying one’s luck in the sea. The probability was actually about the same.

The White realmfox also realized that there was no point in acting pitiful. It could only nod its head in disgust, squeak, and leave in a flash.

In the spirit map space, Xia ruofei’s senses had almost no blind spots. With a sweep of his mind, he “saw” that the White realmfox did not burrow into a spatial node to comprehend as usual. Instead, it found a soft patch of grass and lay down weakly, looking very tired.

Xia ruofei mumbled to himself,”it seems like this little guy is really hungry ... It should be fine after a few days, right?” You won’t really starve to death, will you?”

He was a little uncertain and felt very strange. He was fine two days ago, why did he suddenly become so hungry?

Xia ruofei was still a little worried, so he sent a telepathic message to Xia Qing and asked,””Xia Qing, come over here for a moment!”

After Xia Qing received Xia ruofei’s order, she immediately put down her work and appeared in front of Xia ruofei in a flash.

He bowed slightly and respectfully said,””Master!”

Xia ruofei asked,”the realm Fox doesn’t seem to be in a good state of mind. It even took the initiative to ask me for realm stones. It said that it would starve to death if it didn’t eat anything ... How did this happen?” Wasn’t it still fine two days ago?”

“It’s alright, master,” said Xia Qing with a smile.”The life force of a realm Fox is very strong. It’ll be fine.”

“Do you know the reason?” Xia ruofei asked.

“Master, I’m guessing that it has made great progress in its comprehension of the spatial laws. Perhaps it’s about to make a breakthrough,” said Xia Qing after a moment of silence.

“Breakthrough?” Xia ruofei asked.

“That’s right. After the realm Fox breaks through the bottleneck in its comprehension of the spatial rules, it will have a qualitative leap.” Xia Qing explained,”energy is required for a breakthrough, and the main source of energy for a realm Fox is the realm stone.”

Xia ruofei nodded.”No wonder ... Is it really okay with its current state?”