Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

2125 The abnormal realm Fox (2)

“It’s fine!”Xia Qing said with a smile. I guess it’s just that the energy of the world stones he ate has been exhausted, which is why he looks so listless. However, the life force of a world Fox is extremely strong. Even without any source of food, it can live for a long time. If it really can ‘t, it can enter a state similar to hibernation like some animals. In this state, the body’s energy consumption is very low, and it can hold on for a year and a half without a problem!”

Xia Qing paused for a moment before continuing.”I think it’s just anxious to break through. That’s why it let go of its restraint and came to ask master for the world stone. When it couldn’t get it, it acted pitiful ...”

Hearing Xia Qing’s words, Xia ruofei’s heart settled and he said,””So that’s how it is ... I was so soft – hearted that I almost gave it a world stone! Pay more attention to its condition. If the situation doesn’t look good, let me know immediately!”

Xia ruofei felt that Xia Qing’s analysis should be very close to the truth. He was also very happy in his heart. This way, the world Fox’s need for the world stone would become even more urgent. It would definitely use 120% of its strength to sense the world stone and would definitely not hold back.

“Yes, master!” Xia Qing replied respectfully.

Xia ruofei nodded and left the spirit map space in a flash. He appeared in the bedroom outside.

Xia ruofei kept the painting in his palm and went to the bathroom to take a quick shower. He changed into his home clothes and took the time to rest.

……

For the next few days, Xia ruofei basically lived in the villa in the city. However, he would come to the farm during the day to check on the condition of the six Strasburg geese.

In addition, the plan for the expansion and transformation of the farm was also being adjusted, and the design of the Strasburg goose farm was soon out.

Xia ruofei could also discuss the design with Xue Jinshan and the other designers at the farm and give suggestions for changes.

The entire breeding farm was designed to raise 2000 Strasburg geese. There was a spacious and beautiful aerial Goose House, a winding man – made stream and pond, and a large activity area.

In addition, according to Xia ruofei’s request, there was a special area for breeding geese and a facility for hatching goose eggs.

Since he wanted to carry out large – scale breeding, he naturally had to form a continuous cycle. It was impossible to wait for a batch of geese to be slaughtered and take the foie gras before starting to raise the young geese again.

In the future, the farm would definitely have a fixed output every month or even every week.

Xia ruofei used these few days to finalize the revised design draft. The construction site also started to build vegetable greenhouses and farms according to the new plan.

Other than these things, Xia ruofei spent most of his time in the small farm villa, tirelessly processing the materials for refining the spiritual puppet.

Looking at the mountain of raw materials decreasing bit by bit, and the parts with various shapes and complicated array patterns increasing in number, Xia ruofei felt a strong sense of achievement.

Every day, at four or FiveO’ clock, he would leave the spirit map space on time and drive to the Ling Ji restaurant headquarters in the city. He would be just in time to pick Ling Qingxue up from work.

Sometimes, the two of them would eat out directly, and sometimes, they would go back to have dinner with Ling Xiaotian. After dinner, they would “take a stroll” to Xia ruofei’s Riverside Villa, or shamelessly roll around in the sheets to digest their food, or simply go to the spacious master bedroom to set up a time formation and cultivate.

It could be said that Xia ruofei’s life was very regular.

In the past few days, Xia ruofei did not forget to pay attention to the white fox’s condition.

The little guy’s movements were getting less and less. He looked sickly and would sometimes lie on the ground for hours without moving.

If it wasn’t for Xia Qing’s assurance that the White realm Fox would not be in any danger, he would have given it a realm stone long ago.

After about six or seven days of this routine, Qin Lan from the Yacht Club called to tell Xia ruofei that his yacht had been completely modified and asked Xia ruofei to go over and check it.

Xia ruofei also wanted to go out to sea as soon as possible. After all, the White realm Fox’s condition made him more or less worried.

However, Xia ruofei also knew that it would not be easy to find the world stone if he were to go out aimlessly. Fortunately, he still had three world stones from the last time. He could still use them in case of an emergency.

Although Xia ruofei was not friendly to the white fox, they had gone through thick and thin together. If the little one’s life was in danger, Xia ruofei would not be indifferent.

Hence, after Xia ruofei received the call, he immediately drove to the dock of the Yacht Club.

The modified yacht was already quietly moored at the dock.

The exterior didn’t look any different from before. Of course, there weren’t many changes internally either. Using 500000 Yuan on the yacht wouldn’t be able to do much.

Xia ruofei mainly changed the jacuzzi and upgraded the stereo system in the cabin to 7.1 channels. Just this set of stereo equipment alone cost nearly 300000 Yuan. With a few other minor changes, the 500000 Yuan quota was used up. Xia ruofei still had to pay another 20000 to 30000 Yuan. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Accompanied by Qin Lan, he came to the yacht mainly to check the refitted parts.

The sound effects were much better after the modification. The melodious music seemed to be in every corner of the cabin, with a clear sense of layering. The bass effect was simply shocking.

He could imagine the yacht bobbing up and down on the blue ocean. All he could see was the endless ocean, as if he was the only one left in the world. Then, he lay on the deck and looked up at the sky, the beautiful melody echoing in his ears ...

The feeling of being completely relaxed and free made Xia ruofei yearn for it.

Xia ruofei had even specially released the restrictions so that the white fox could sense the situation outside.

The little fellow already knew that Xia ruofei was going to bring it out to sea in the next few days. Now that it saw Xia ruofei on a beautiful “big ship”, it was instantly excited and gestured for Xia ruofei to set sail quickly.

Xia ruofei said to the realm Fox telepathically,””Little fellow, don’t be anxious! We still need to do some preparation work before going out to sea. We’ll definitely be able to set off in a day or two, so just bear with it for now!”

The White realmfox pouted in disappointment and fell back to the ground.

Xia ruofei checked the yacht and was very satisfied with the modifications. He signed his name on the form without hesitation.

From that moment on, the registered “paradise” was officially handed over to Xia ruofei.

However, it would still stop here.

This was the exclusive berth of the peach Garden. In order to facilitate this deal, the Yacht Club had given the right to use the berth for three years, two years of free maintenance, and two years of management fee exemption. Now, the peach Garden could use these resources of the Yacht Club for free.

After signing, Xia ruofei said to Qin Lan,””Manager Qin, please arrange for someone to fill up the yacht! I might have to go out to sea in two days ...”

“Alright!” “Yes,” Qin Lan replied. Ma Shan then asked in surprise,”Mr. Xia, are you sure you want to fill it up?” The yacht’s fuel tank was relatively large, and it could hold several tons of fuel! It’s not cheap to fill them all up ... If you’re only going for offshore navigation, I suggest adding a part ...”

For a medium – sized or large yacht like this, a full tank would cost at least 100000 to 200000 Yuan. Even rich people might not do this.

Xia ruofei smiled and said,”it’s okay, I’ll fill them all up!” I’ll transfer the fee to you in advance!”

The customer’s needs came first. Qin Lan had already reminded him. Seeing that Xia ruofei was insistent, she naturally did not say anything more. She just nodded and said,””Okay, I’ll arrange for someone to come over in the afternoon to cheer for us!”

In fact, even if he filled up the fuel, Xia ruofei might not be satisfied with the flight. Not only did he have to fill up the fuel tank, but he also wanted to bring more diesel in the space to increase the range.