Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

2126 Full preparation_1

Sufficient preparation

“If it’s convenient to arrange, why don’t we fill up the gas now?” Xia ruofei said to Qin Lan.

As there was still some diesel left in the tank, they did not know how much to add to fill it up. Although the Yacht Club would not play tricks on things like refueling, Xia ruofei felt that it was better to personally watch. Besides, he paid the money on the spot so that everyone could rest assured.

“Mr. Xia,” Qin Lan said,”if we want to refuel, we’ll need to drive the yacht to a special berth. If we want to find a temporary yacht pilot, it might take some time.”

Qin Lan considered that Xia ruofei’s time was precious, so she said that they would go to refuel in the afternoon. After all, the yacht’s pilot had been assigned in advance and was not always available. If they needed to refuel immediately, Xia ruofei would have to wait here.

Xia ruofei laughed.”Manager Qin, you just need to contact the people who will refuel the yacht. I can drive the yacht there myself.”

“Ah?” Qin Lan was shocked and said,”Mr. Xia, this is not a joke. You need to be qualified to drive a yacht. The punishment for driving a yacht without a license is very heavy!”

Xia ruofei chuckled and put his hand into the inner pocket of his coat. Of course, he was actually taking out his yacht driving license from the spirit map space. He then handed it to Qin Lan and said,””Manager Qin, I have a certificate!”

Qin Lan was a little confused. She took Xia ruofei’s yacht driving license subconsciously and opened it to take a look. She realized that the witness was really Xia ruofei.

She did not doubt the authenticity of the certificate, but she was surprised that a rich man like Xia ruofei would spend time learning how to drive a yacht. Weren’t they the kind of people who could earn hundreds of thousands every minute?

Those who had the money to buy a yacht would usually hire professional pilots and sailors. For a yacht like Xia ruofei ‘s, there would only be one pilot and two sailors. At most, two service staff would be enough. These people’s salaries added up would not be much!

However, these thoughts only flashed through Qin Lan’s mind. She quickly came back to her senses and returned the license to Xia ruofei. “I’m sorry, Mr. Xia. I didn’t mean to doubt you. I just didn’t expect you to have a yacht driver’s license ...”

“I’m fine!” Xia ruofei smiled and said,”manager Qin, can we go and do our best?”

“Of course!” Qin Lan said,”I’ll contact them now!”

Qin Lan took out her phone and dialed a number. After the call was connected, she hung up after saying a few words. Then, she said to Xia ruofei,””Mr. Xia, our staff is already making preparations. You can start the yacht and I’ll show you the direction.”

Xia ruofei nodded and said,”let’s go to the bridge!” The view is better there!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The flying bridge deck was located at the top of the yacht. It was the most open deck on the yacht, and its position was ‘noble’ with a wide view.

The azmu 100 Leonardo’s flying bridge was 11 meters long. At the forefront of the deck was a second pilot’s zone. One could also drive the yacht from there as there was no windshield. The high position gave one a better view and allowed one to experience the feeling of being as fast as lightning.

In addition to the driving area, there was a lounge area on the deck of the flying bridge, a massage pool with sunbathing mats, a large sunbathing mat near the driver’s seat, and a dining table for eight guests.

Although Qin Lan was a little afraid of the cold wind in this winter, she couldn’t reject the customer’s request. Besides, this place was not far from the refueling berth. She just had to bear with it and went to the Qingqing refueling dock, which was originally operated by the Yacht Club and was one of the club’s basic facilities.

Qin Lan followed Xia ruofei to the deck of the flying bridge. Xia ruofei sat in the driver’s seat and started the yacht. Qin Lan stood beside him and gave him directions at any time.

To be honest, Qin Lan was still a little uncertain. After all, every time Xia ruofei came to experience the yacht, it was always a professional yacht pilot. She had never seen Xia ruofei show that he knew how to drive a yacht!

However, the yacht started steadily and slowly left the berth. Qin Lan’s heart also calmed down. She had been on various types of yachts and worked with different yacht drivers. One look at Xia ruofei’s operation and she knew that he must know how to drive a yacht. That certificate was really not bought with money.

In fact, although the yacht driving license was not bought with money, Xia ruofei did not spend a minute in training or taking the exam. Shi Qiang helped him to get it.

Of course, when Xia ruofei was in the Army, he had received some quick training and mastered the basic operations. Then, he had studied the yacht pilot training materials and the operating manual provided by Shi Qiang very seriously. So, he was definitely able to drive the yacht with ease.

The yacht slowly moved forward and soon arrived at the berth for refueling.

Xia ruofei saw that there was a refueling station on the shore of the row of parking lots. It was equivalent to a gas station, but the object of refueling was the yacht in the water.

Xia ruofei had become more skilled after the previous operation. He controlled the yacht and docked it accurately.

There were already staff members waiting on the shore. They first took the cable to fix the yacht in the berth, then came over with a gas gun to refuel the yacht.