Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

2130 Harvesting_1

The white fox was jumping up and down in the space, gesturing with its two forelimbs to express its strong dissatisfaction.

Xia ruofei rolled his eyes and said,””It seems that you don’t agree with my plan ... In that case, I’ll just turn the ship around and return! I see that you’re very energetic! He doesn’t look like he’s about to starve to death!”

The White realmfox immediately stopped and cupped its hands pitifully. Xia ruofei couldn’t help but laugh at its funny look.

He was only scaring the white fox on purpose. How could he really turn around and go back?

After all, he would also have a share if they found the world stone. Furthermore, he had made ample preparations this time. Wouldn’t it be a pity to return without spending a few days on the sea?

Xia ruofei continued to scare the white fox. He told it that if it wanted to cooperate, it had to listen to his arrangements and not raise any objections.

Then, Xia ruofei kept the anchor and continued to drive the yacht.

After the yacht started moving, Xia ruofei quickly switched to autopilot and let the yacht follow the route he had set.

After the sun set below the sea, night soon fell. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

The clouds were very thick tonight. The moon and stars were almost blocked, and it was almost pitch black outside.

On this vast ocean, under the cover of the night, an ordinary person would probably feel an extremely oppressive feeling and a fear of the unknown.

However, Xia ruofei was still at ease. He did not turn on the lights of the yacht. Only the instrument panel and the main control computer in the cockpit emitted a faint glow. He held a can of beer in his hand and listened to music while monitoring the navigation data of the yacht.

As long as the yacht was moving forward, the White realm Fox in the space would maintain a high level of concentration, trying to sense the aura of the realm stone.

At around eight in the evening, Xia ruofei stopped the yacht and stalled the engine. The white fox did not notice anything.

This was all within his expectations. Xia ruofei was not too disappointed.

He didn’t go to rest right away, but went through the entire yacht to the stern. There was a unique affinity platform here. The height was almost close to the sea, and there were no fences around it. It also used a convex design, so it could be said to be surrounded by water on three sides.

Xia ruofei sat down on the platform and felt as if he was on the sea.

The waves gently hit the boat, and the yacht also swayed gently with the rhythm of the sea. There was no other sound except the sound of water around them, and the whole world seemed very quiet.

Xia ruofei held a spiritual crystal in his hand and started to cultivate the great Dao Sutra.

Few humans set foot on this vast sea, and it was far away from the noisy cities. There was almost no pollution, and the spiritual energy here seemed to be richer than on land.

In the fishy smell in the air, Xia ruofei quickly entered a state of cultivation.

The true Qi in his body flowed along the meridian circulation diagram of the great Dao Arts. After every circulation, the spiritual Qi in his dantian would be transformed into true Qi.

Although his true Qi only increased by a little each time, Xia ruofei’s cultivation continued to grow day by day.

When it came to cultivation, it was a test of perseverance and patience. There were no shortcuts.

After a long time, Xia ruofei let out a long breath of air and felt refreshed.

He put the spirit crystal, which had shrunk to a size smaller, into his space and lay down on the platform casually. He looked up at the starless sky and released his spiritual power.

There seemed to be another world under the sea. Xia ruofei’s spiritual power could detect all kinds of sea creatures swimming at different depths. They were completely unaware of Xia ruofei’s spiritual power.

Clownfish, porcupines, jellyfishes ... Xia ruofei used his not – so – profound knowledge to distinguish the sea creatures that were swimming under the yacht.

He suddenly had an idea.

Xia ruofei’s spiritual energy suddenly shot out and wrapped around a porcupinefish in an instant.

The porcupinefish was swimming around without any warning when it suddenly felt as if it had fallen into a swamp and became unable to move. It subconsciously swelled up. This was the reaction of the porcupinefish when it encountered danger.

In the next moment, Xia ruofei had already retrieved the porcupinefish from the sea.

His mental power cultivation had always been higher than his true Qi cultivation, so he had long been able to capture objects from a distance. The porcupinefish wasn’t big, so although it was slightly more difficult to capture swimming objects than stationary objects, it wasn’t a big deal for him. He succeeded very easily.

Xia ruofei didn’t reach out to touch the little porcupinefish. After summoning it out of the sea, he used his mind and the porcupinefish disappeared into thin air.

In the next moment, it appeared on the surface of the ocean inside the spirit map space and was thrown into the sea with a plop.

If the porcupinefish could think, it would definitely be puzzled. It was just that this kind of low – Level creature moved by instinct. It could feel that it was still in the sea, but the environment was countless times more comfortable than before. The spiritual Qi in the dense space was already in the form of a watery mist. The external environment was completely incomparable to the environment inside the space.

After a short period of panic, the porcupinefish quickly regained its composure and began to swim leisurely in the sea of space.