Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Chapter 214: Chapter 210 – sudden turn of events_1

Xia ruofei said calmly,”director Lu has already gone through a strict review of my resume. I don’t think there’s a need to report it to director Liang again, right?” The political Review doesn’t seem to be the medical team’s job scope. ” Xia ruofei paused and continued,””Also, when Western medicine is at its wit’s end, trying Traditional Chinese Medicine is the choice that ordinary patients would make. Why did director Liang, as the chief physician of Room 301, refuse to try it without even trying?” When Liang Haitao heard the word “Chinese medicine,” his eyes widened. He stared at Xia ruofei and asked,””What did you just say? Chinese medicine? You’re a Chinese medicine doctor?” “That’s right. ” Xia ruofei said calmly. Liang Haitao turned to manager Lu and said,””Old Lu, are you crazy? I won’t say anything if you took the liberty to find a doctor from the outside, but you actually found a sneaky Chinese medicine doctor? And a Chinese medicine doctor Who hasn’t even grown his hair? Are you joking with me?” Without waiting for manager Lu to speak, Xia ruofei spoke first,””Director Liang, is Chinese medicine all about pretending to be mysterious? This doesn’t sound like something a chief physician with higher medical education would say!” Manager Lu’s expression was ugly. He didn’t want Xia ruofei to have a direct conflict with this young master with a terrifying background. Especially after looking at Xia ruofei’s resume, he had a good impression and respect for this young man, so he kept winking at Xia ruofei. However, Xia ruofei pretended not to see it and continued,””If Chinese medicine was all a trick, then the thousands of Chinese medicine hospitals and colleges in China would have been closed down by the country long ago! That’s feudal superstition!” Liang Haitao laughed coldly,”if it’s not acting mysterious, then what is it?” If he could diagnose a disease just by touching the pulse, then what was the point of having those expensive medical equipment? CT, X – ray, and MRI scans could all be eliminated! And ... Those roots and tree bark can cure diseases? Who knew what the ingredients were? It’s really a joke!” The doctors beside Liang Haitao chimed in. “Young man, medicine is a very rigorous thing. Don’t talk nonsense if you don’t know anything!” “Director Liang is a professor who just returned from abroad. Do you know better than him?” “The international community doesn’t recognize Chinese medicine. They think it’s an ancient Eastern witchcraft without any scientific evidence!” As a doctor in the specialist Group, Liang Haitao’s philosophy was naturally similar to his. Otherwise, Liang Haitao would not have brought them here. Therefore, there was not a single experienced Chinese medicine doctor in this medical team. All the doctors even looked down on Chinese medicine. Xia ruofei said indifferently,”since when did the international community not recognize Chinese medicine?” Many famous foreign athletes like to use Chinese medicine to do cupping!” Xia ruofei wasn’t spouting nonsense. Famous swimmer Phelps, gymnast Naldo, and Olympic champion Evelyn were all very keen on Chinese Medicine Cupping therapy. Naldo even told the media that cupping therapy was his secret weapon to maintain his health, and the effect was better than any treatment he had ever spent money on. Xia ruofei continued,”some foreign anti – Chinese media deliberately hyped up the pseudo – Scientific theory of Chinese medicine. As the descendants of Yan and Huang, you guys actually joined in?” What kind of mentality was this? No one here would have the opportunity to receive Western medicine treatment if they were a few generations older, right? Then, they would still be alive and well, and they would have offspring. This is really a miracle of life!” Xia ruofei could not stand people who worshiped foreign countries and forgot their ancestors. Seeing the faces of Liang Haitao and the doctors, he could not hold back his anger. “Impudent!” “How can you talk to director Liang like that?” “You really have no respect for your elders and don’t know the rules!” The doctors were all indignant. Liang Haitao’s face was also livid. He snorted and said,””I have nothing to say to an ignorant person like you!” Then, Liang Haitao said to manager Lu,””Old Lu! As long as I’m the head of the specialist team, I won’t allow such a deceitful person to get close to elder song! As for your interference in the medical work of the expert group, I will report it to the higher – ups! Just wait for your punishment!” Then, Liang Haitao looked at Xia ruofei coldly and said,””Let’s go!” “Manager Lu, are elder song’s children here?” Xia ruofei asked. Manager Lu was stunned for a moment before saying,”the Bureau chief’s condition has worsened drastically this morning. I’ve already informed his children. However, most of them hold important positions in various places and need to go through the leave application procedures. Moreover, the transportation in Hongzhou is not as convenient as that in Beijing. So, they are still on their way here.” In fact, Tian Huilan had also received the news around the same time and had immediately contacted Xia ruofei. However, she wanted to bring Xia ruofei to elder song’s treatment as soon as possible. She had coordinated with many parties in the military and had arrived in Hongzhou earlier than elder song’s children. “Doctor Xia, why are you asking this?” manager Lu asked after he finished. Xia ruofei glanced at Liang Haitao and said,””It’s nothing. I just think that elder song’s decision to accept Chinese medicine treatment should be decided by his children, not by the so – called Specialist Group!” Liang Haitao, who was already walking out, stopped in his tracks and turned around. He sneered,””You’re really ignorant to the extreme! Do you think elder song is an ordinary person? And the children decide? To tell you the truth, even elder song’s children have to get my permission to visit him!” With that, Liang Haitao turned around and left. At that moment, a piercing warning sound suddenly came from the corridor. Manager Lu’s expression changed and said,””Not good! The chief’s condition has changed!” Elder song’s small courtyard had been specially renovated. The entire building was equipped with alarms connected to the wards. This was to ensure that when elder song’s vital signs were abnormal, no matter where the doctor was, he would be the first to know and immediately organize an emergency rescue. Liang Haitao’s face turned serious. He led a few doctors and ran to the stairs. Xia ruofei immediately stood up and said,””Manager Lu, let’s go and take a look!” “Alright!” Manager Lu said without much hesitation. Tian Huilan told her Secretary, Xiao Xiao, to wait there, and then she quickly went up. The second floor was already in a state of chaos. When a nurse saw Liang Haitao, she immediately said,””Director Liang, chief’s blood pressure and pulse are dropping. He’s in a critical condition!” “Prepare the cardiac stimulant!” Liang Haitao ordered loudly as he walked towards the ward. Walking to the door of elder song’s room, Liang Haitao saw manager Lu and the other two from the corner of his eye. He stopped and frowned,””Manager Lu, don’t come over and make trouble! Hurry up and urge the chief’s family! Also, according to the procedure, you should immediately report to the central government. I’m afraid the chief can’t hold on for much longer!”