Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

2131 Harvesting_2

Xia ruofei had been paying close attention to the situation in the space. When he noticed the condition of the porcupinefish, he couldn’t help but smile.

This was also a sudden thought that came to his mind. There were too few creatures in the sea of space. Other than the abalones and the Yangtze River beluga that he had moved in, there were basically no other creatures.

The environment in the interspace was very good, but it felt a little less lively.

Therefore, when Xia ruofei used his spiritual power to detect these marine creatures, he immediately decided to take advantage of this opportunity to go out to sea alone to capture more marine creatures from the outside world and bring them into the space sea.

Xia ruofei’s confidence was greatly boosted after his first attempt was successful. He tried again and again.

His target was the smaller and slower fish. After all, he could only use his mental power to capture and ingest fish in the outside world. The success rate was not high if the fish were too big.

Xia ruofei did not go out of his way to catch one or a few marine creatures. He did not even go out of his way to mate them. Anyway, these marine creatures would definitely have no problem surviving in the sea of the realm. If he happened to catch a few of the same marine creatures, they might be able to reproduce in the realm.

Xia ruofei treated this as a form of entertainment. It could also train his control of his mental energy. He had a lot of fun on the intimate platform at the end of the yacht.

In the space, a crazily wriggling fish would fall from the sky from time to time and be thrown into the sea of space, then quickly escape into the depths of the sea.

In a short while, Xia ruofei had successfully caught dozens of different marine creatures. Most of them were fish, and there were jellyfish and so on. There was even a giant sea turtle that was slowly passing by the yacht. Xia ruofei easily caught it and sent it into the origin space. The giant turtle was too slow.

It was not until midnight that Xia ruofei finally got up and prepared to go back to the cabin to rest.

He had already fallen in love with this “game.” The process of continuously adding vitality to the spirit map space gave him a great sense of accomplishment.

The spirit map space was like Xia ruofei’s personal territory. Every change and improvement in this territory would make him happy from the bottom of his heart.

Xia ruofei had already decided that while he was out at sea, he would make time every day to do this.

His target wasn’t just the small sea creatures. He was also eager to try the larger fish.

Before going out to sea this time, Xia ruofei had also bought a professional fishing rod and net. He was prepared to try it out tomorrow to see if he could combine these tools with the use of his mental strength to catch larger marine creatures. After all, the sea in the spirit map space could not be filled with weak chickens.

The yacht’s master bedroom was very spacious and comfortable. Not only did it have a special bathroom, but it also had a luxurious Jacuzzi and a large soft double bed. This master bedroom was even more luxurious than the rooms of a five – Star hotel.

In fact, this yacht was like a Mobile Palace on the sea.

As a luxury toy for the rich, it was natural to pursue the ultimate comfort.

Xia ruofei took a bath and changed into his sleeping robe. He threw himself onto the bed and fell asleep quickly.

Of course, as they were in the middle of the sea, Xia ruofei still carefully set up a simple alarm array around his bedroom. Once an invader touched the array or the yacht swayed beyond a certain range, the array would be triggered immediately and Xia ruofei would be able to wake up immediately.

Being cautious, cautious, and more cautious – this was almost an instinct that was engraved into Xia ruofei’s bones.

Nothing unexpected happened that night. Xia ruofei slept soundly with his head against the waves. He only woke up when the sun rose from the East and shone through the large porthole of the master bedroom.

After a simple wash up, Xia ruofei went to the kitchen of the yacht.

Although the kitchen wasn’t very big, it was well – equipped with everything: a microwave, an oven, a bread maker, and so on.

He heated a glass of milk, fried an egg, and cut a few slices of bread. He took the plate to the top deck of the flying bridge. He placed the plate on the table in front of the U – shaped sofa, then sat down and enjoyed the morning scenery of the sea while eating breakfast.

Xia ruofei had already missed the beautiful sunrise, but the morning sun was not strong at all. The Golden rays shone on the sparkling sea and the sea seemed to be dyed with a layer of gold.

Occasionally, seagulls would fly across the sea at a low altitude, like dragonflies skimming the surface of the water.

Xia ruofei took in the beautiful scenery and couldn’t help but take out his phone to take a few photos.

Just as he was about to put down his phone, he suddenly had an idea. He switched to the front camera and took a few selfies with the sea and the yacht as the background. Then, he took a picture of his half – eaten breakfast.

Then, he went to the cockpit and operated the main control computer for a while. Then, he connected his mobile phone to the yacht’s WiFi.

In the open sea, mobile phones certainly had no signal, but on the yacht, they could connect to the internet through maritime satellites as a transit. The yacht also had this device, which could be connected to the internet through the main control computer and provide a WiFi hotspot for the mobile devices on the yacht to access the internet.

Although the network speed was definitely not as fast as the base station on land, sending a few pictures was no problem.

Once the phone was connected to the internet, Xia ruofei immediately opened the Weibo app and uploaded nine photos with the caption: The conditions at sea were limited, so breakfast could only be simple ...

Recently, there had been many funny ways to show off his wealth on the internet. For example, he had ‘accidentally’ taken a picture of his Bentley logo while eating instant noodles in his car, or his phone screen had broken and revealed a long message showing his balance. Xia ruofei was just joking, so he added a topic to show off his wealth and posted it on Weibo.

After posting on Weibo, Xia ruofei placed his phone on the pilot’s seat and went to weigh the anchor, ready to start the day’s journey. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

After the yacht started, Xia ruofei switched to the auto – Pilot mode and then picked up his phone to open Weibo.

Although the Weibo post had only been released for a short while, the message bar already showed 99+ red marks. When he clicked on it, he saw that most of them were about the interaction with the Weibo post just now. There were hundreds of likes, reposts, comments, and private messages in such a short time.

Xia ruofei clicked on the Weibo post with great interest. It took a long time to connect to the internet on the sea, and it was intermittent. It took about ten seconds for the page to fully open.

Xia ruofei almost laughed out loud when he saw the message.

There were really all kinds of comments, such as “I received a 10000 – point critical hit” or “looking at the instant noodles in front of me, I silently added a ham sausage” and so on, which almost flooded the screen.

Tao Yuan company’s official Weibo reposted this Weibo post almost instantly, and when it was reposted, it was accompanied with the words: In order to prove that the editor was really working hard early in the morning, this post had to be forwarded! She asked meekly,”can I add chicken legs?”

Xia ruofei laughed and commented,”And a pair of chicken legs! I approve!

When the netizens saw this comment, they almost burst out laughing.

Cheng Xiaoxiao’s Weibo account was the first to repost Xia ruofei’s Weibo post. She was a well – known netizen, and those who followed Xia ruofei often knew that she was his number one fan. She often had the opportunity to eat with Xia ruofei and take photos with him, so she had a lot of Weibo fans, many of whom were Xia ruofei’s fans. This was also considered “love the house and its Crow”.

Xia ruofei also saw Ling Qingxue’s repost and comments. Paradise didn’t take me with it on its first voyage. Remember to buy a new washboard when you go home~

Xia ruofei immediately replied with a pitiful emoji.

The netizens were even more excited when they saw the domineering CEO and his wife. They flooded the screen with comments. Most of them were worried about Xia ruofei’s situation after his return, but they were gloating.

Xia ruofei happily scrolled through Weibo for a while. The internet speed at sea was too fast. In the end, he couldn’t stand the speed of dozens of seconds each refresh and finally put away his phone.