Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

2132 Blue lobster_1

Under the control of the auto – Pilot system, the yacht moved smoothly along the set route. The sea during winter was relatively calm. Since they set off yesterday, they had not encountered any big waves. From the GPS track, the yacht had already drawn an arc on the sea and crossed the North of taishu Bay.

There was still no harvest in the morning. Along the way, they passed by a few small islands, but the white fox did not find anything.

At noon, Xia ruofei stopped the boat to rest.

He went to the small but well – equipped kitchen on the yacht and made himself a sumptuous lunch. There were a lot of Taoyuan vegetables, fruits, and a lot of meat he bought from sold well in the space.

As the wind was strong outside, the prepared food would get cold easily from the sea breeze. Hence, Xia ruofei did not choose to eat on the deck of the flying bridge this time. Instead, he went straight to the restaurant on the yacht.

It was connected to the stern deck, so it was basically semi – Open, but the wind was definitely not as strong as on the flying bridge deck.

After enjoying lunch, Xia ruofei suddenly regretted not bringing xiaohei with him. Sailing alone on the sea really gave rise to a sense of loneliness. If he brought xiaohei with him, at least he would have a companion. Furthermore, when he went to bed at night, xiaohei could be on guard duty.

Before coming out this time, Xia ruofei had only thought of going out alone. He did not even bring Ling Qingxue along. Moreover, the White realmfox looked as if it would starve to death at any moment. Hence, his preparations were relatively rushed and he had not considered everything.

After lunch, Xia ruofei was not in a hurry to anchor and sail. Instead, he went down to the intimate platform at the stern through the accommodation ladder and took out the fishing rod and net that had been prepared in advance.

Xia ruofei did not fish rashly. Instead, he spread out his spiritual power and carefully checked the situation below the sea.

Actually, after last night’s fishing, Xia ruofei had already discovered that the distribution of the Marine creatures had a certain pattern. Today, he had carefully analyzed it and found that it was roughly related to the ocean currents.

Many ocean creatures swam in the direction of the ocean currents, and there was more than One Ocean current under the surface of the sea. This led to more ocean creatures in some places and fewer in other areas.

After Xia ruofei used his spiritual power to check, he lowered the fishing net and rod, ran over to anchor, and started the yacht.

The White realmfox in the medium thought that Xia ruofei was about to set off, so it became alert again.

However, it soon realized that the yacht was not moving forward at high speed, and it was not heading in one direction. Instead, it was going on and off, and sometimes it would even go in circles.

The little fellow naturally did not know that Xia ruofei was looking for an area with dense marine life so that he could maximize his fishing efficiency.

After about half an hour, Xia ruofei finally stopped the boat.

His mental power discovered that there were obviously more marine creatures near the yacht than in the areas they had just passed. They were almost gathered in a very small area and swimming around.

“This is the place!” Xia ruofei muttered to himself.

He quickly anchored the ship and walked to the affinity platform at the stern.

Initially, Xia ruofei wanted to try using a sea fishing rod. However, on second thought, he felt that it would be too inefficient, so he picked up the net.

Paradise was a luxury yacht, not a professional fishing boat, so it was naturally not equipped with a professional trawling net. He only took an ordinary fishing net. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

However, in the hands of a cultivator, such a fishing net was enough.

He used his mental power to check again, and then threw the net out with force.

The fishing net that was filled with Qi was thrown very far. With the help of mental power, the fishing net was accurately spread in the area that Xia ruofei had planned in advance.

The fishing net sank as soon as it touched the surface of the sea. Under the control of his spiritual power, it moved quickly in the sea. Xia ruofei’s spiritual power was constantly observing the situation under the sea. When the fishing net reached a certain depth, he exerted force and the fishing net started to tighten.

Xia ruofei gently pulled the rope in his hand and immediately felt a heavy resistance.

In fact, his spiritual power had already confirmed that the net had reaped a lot of benefits, but he still enjoyed the heavy feeling, a bit like the joy of a harvest.

A normal person would not be able to pull such a full net. However, Xia ruofei only had to exert a little strength and the net was quickly pulled back.

He threw the net out of the water, and it was full of all kinds of fish and shrimp struggling in fear.

Xia ruofei did not drag the net onto the yacht. When he was close enough, he used his mind and all the Marine creatures in the net disappeared into thin air, leaving only the empty net.

If someone were to see this scene, they would definitely suspect that there was something wrong with their eyes.

At the same time, hundreds of fish and prawns descended from the sky above the sea of the mountain and sea realm in the spirit map space.

This scene was very much like the scene in the movie “a good show”, where countless fish fell from the sky above a deserted island.

It was a pity that there was only a resentful white realm Fox in the boundless space that was enjoying this rare and wonderful scene.

The nearby waters were rich in seafood. Xia ruofei did not even need to change locations. He only needed to wait for a while and he could cast the net again.

At noon, the sun was still very bright. Xia ruofei was wearing a thin coat and a pair of Ray – Ban pilot sunglasses as he kept casting and pulling in the net. He was very busy.

To do a good job, one had to be sharp with their tools first. Today’s efficiency was obviously much higher than yesterday. In just half an hour, there were already hundreds of “new residents” in the sea of the spirit map space.

Xia ruofei was prepared to cast one last net and call it a day. After all, the journey was still long. If they stayed in one place for too long, they did not know how many days it would take for them to return.

He still used his spiritual power to sense it, and then threw the net out.

Now that Xia ruofei was getting more and more familiar with it, he soon had another net full of rewards.

He shook his wrist and easily pulled the entire fishing net out of the water. Just as he was about to put the fish into the space, he suddenly raised his eyebrows and stopped the action. Instead, he pulled the fishing net onto the AGO.

Because he saw a touch of blue in the net, he couldn’t help but be curious.

When Xia ruofei cast the net, he only cast it at a location where there were more sea creatures. Naturally, he could not accurately identify every sea creature he caught. Hence, he only had a rough idea of what was in the net.

Of course, if he put them into the space, with his current control of the space, he could still distinguish what each sea creature was, even if he put one or two hundred of them in one time.

It was naturally impossible in the outside world.

The fish and prawns in the net were frantically struggling in vain. Xia ruofei approached them with interest.

He kept the ordinary fish and shrimp into the space one by one, and the fish in the net became less and less. Soon, a huge blue lobster was revealed.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but take a deep breath. The lobster was huge. It was at least 40 to 50 centimeters long and had a beautiful bright blue color.

Xia ruofei had seen reports about blue lobsters on the internet before. He knew that this kind of lobster was basically produced by genetic mutation. They were very rare, and it was said that the probability of catching blue lobsters was only one in a million.

He didn’t expect to catch a Pi Xiu so coincidentally. This was the first lobster he had caught since yesterday.

As lobsters were usually active at the bottom of the sea, the probability of catching lobsters in shallow water was not high. Xia ruofei remembered that there were a few cases of blue lobsters in United Kingdom the eastern sea did not seem to be a production area of this kind of lobster.

With so many factors combined, the probability of catching such a blue lobster was even lower than winning the lottery!

Xia ruofei quickly kept all the other fish and prawns into the space sea. Then, he curiously observed this lobster up close. Soon, he was even more surprised as he saw that there were at least 20 to 30 baby lobsters attached to the blue lobster’s abdomen. These baby lobsters had obviously hatched not long ago and were still under the protection of their mothers. He did not expect that Xia ruofei would capture them all in one go.

What made Xia ruofei even happier was that these baby lobsters were blue in color.

He thought to himself,”does that mean I can breed a group of blue lobsters in my space?”

Although the appearance of blue lobsters was usually due to genetic mutation, and it might not be passed on to the next generation, these young lobsters also had blue shells. Moreover, the environment in the space ocean was much better than the outside world. Who could say for sure that such genetic mutation would not be passed on stably?

The more Xia ruofei thought about it, the happier he became. He didn’t dare to let these lobsters leave the sea for too long, so he quickly kept them in the space sea.

Xia ruofei’s mood was quite good since he had such a harvest from the last net.

He tidied up the fishing net, then directly took some river water from the space to clean the intimate platform. He then took a brisk step and restarted the yacht.

Xia ruofei quickly steered the yacht back to the set route and then entrusted it to the autopilot system.

Xia ruofei did not stop for the entire afternoon. Even during dinner time, he had a simple bowl of noodles and ate in the cockpit. During this time, the yacht was still moving forward.

He thought that he would make up for the time he had spent resting at noon at night, so he didn’t stop the ship until eighto’ clock, dropping the anchor and ending the day’s voyage.

At night, Xia ruofei did not go to cast a net to catch a big fish. He just sat on the affinity platform and cultivated for two hours before returning to the master bedroom to take a shower and go to bed.

This was Xia ruofei’s second night out at sea. He was already used to the slight shaking of the ship. He even felt like he was a baby lying in a cradle.

Xia ruofei did not notice that the yacht was shaking more and more in the second half of the night ...