Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

2133 Monstrous waves (1)

When Xia ruofei woke up, the yacht was already shaking so much that it triggered the alarm array he had set up.

This was not because Xia ruofei was not alert. The main reason was that the yacht was constantly swaying with the waves. He had already gotten used to this rhythm in his sleep.

When the alarm array was triggered, Xia ruofei opened his eyes and immediately felt that something was wrong. The yacht was swaying more than normal. He could even hear the ship creaking and many things that were not fixed in place in the room started to fall.

Xia ruofei immediately sat up, flipped over the blanket, jumped off the bed, and rushed to the deck.

An ordinary person would find it hard to stand steadily in such a violent shaking, let alone walk. However, Xia ruofei only needed to inject a little bit of genuine Qi into his legs and he could walk as if he was walking on flat ground.

Xia ruofei was stunned by the scene when he came to the deck.

The sea, which was still very calm in the first half of the night, suddenly changed its face, like a roaring monster. The wind on the surface of the sea whistled, and the huge waves continued to roll, making loud rumbles. In such an environment, the yacht was like a light floating leaf, constantly moving up and down with the waves, as if it would capsize at any time.

Xia ruofei made a prompt decision and rushed to the cockpit.

He immediately anchored the yacht. As he started the yacht, he quickly clicked on the main control computer a few times and called up the image of the weather radar on the yacht.

This small weather radar had been installed at Xia ruofei’s request. It could detect the real – time weather within a range of ten nautical miles in front of the yacht, including some low – Level torrents and rain.

After the radar was activated, the weather conditions were quickly displayed on the screen.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but take a deep breath. The screen was almost entirely covered in yellow and red, which meant that the weather ahead was very bad. There might be heavy rain, strong airflow, or thunderstorms.

Xia ruofei’s expression turned ugly. Under the influence of nature, a Qi refining cultivator was nothing. A huge wave could capsize the yacht, but he had no choice.

Xia ruofei maneuvered the yacht to avoid the oncoming waves. When the yacht turned, he paid some attention to the radar screen. However, all he could see was a shocking yellow and red area.

It was obvious that the yacht was already deep in the storm.

Xia ruofei’s face turned serious. The yacht barely dodged a huge wave. After temporarily escaping danger, he quickly got up and rushed out. Then, he jumped onto the flying bridge deck and ran to the second driving area to steer the yacht.

This was the highest point of the yacht, and there was no glass blocking the view, so it was better.

Moreover, if anything were to happen, it would be easier for him to react from the outside.

If it was an ordinary person, it would be very dangerous to stand on the deck of the flying bridge in such a stormy weather. They might be swept into the sea with a wave. Xia ruofei was brave because of his skills. At least he could stabilize his body in such a big swing.

As he maneuvered the yacht on the waves, he took out a life jacket from under his seat and quickly put it on.

Xia ruofei had to prepare for the worst.

The waves around the yacht were getting bigger and bigger. The 30 – meter – long yacht was no different from a small boat under this level of wind and waves. It would sometimes rush to the top of the waves, and then quickly descend with the huge waves. This feeling was more exciting than the world’s most dangerous roller coaster.

However, Xia ruofei did not show any signs of fear. His body was still steady as if he was welded to the deck of the yacht.

He tried his best to control the yacht, and at the same time, he kept his mental power out at all times to grasp the situation around him as much as possible, so that he could avoid the dangerous waves in advance.

Under such circumstances, the outcome would have been completely different if he had reacted a tenth of a second earlier.

However, the waves were too strong tonight. Even if Xia ruofei could predict it with his spiritual power, he was still struggling to deal with it.

Beads of sweat formed on Xia ruofei’s forehead and he looked very serious.

At this moment, a huge wave came from the left side of the yacht. Xia ruofei quickly turned to the right. If the side of the yacht was hit by such a huge wave that was more than ten or twenty meters high, the yacht would definitely flip over.

As he steered the boat to the right, Xia ruofei pushed the boat to the maximum, hoping to escape the range of the huge wave.

However, his face suddenly changed because at this moment, his spiritual power sensed that there was an even bigger wave coming from the right front of the yacht. This wave was thirty to forty meters high.

Now that the yacht had changed direction and was heading towards the huge wave, if it was hit by the ten – story tall wave, the yacht would definitely disintegrate in an instant.

From the moment he was awakened until now, Xia ruofei had barely held on for more than ten minutes. However, his situation was getting worse and worse. He was obviously in a desperate situation now.

In a flash, Xia ruofei did not have time to think.

He made a decision in an instant. As he turned off the yacht’s engine, he propped himself up with his hands and jumped off the deck of the flying bridge, falling toward the sea.

At the same time, Xia ruofei’s spiritual power gathered madly and locked onto the yacht. Then, he shouted,””Collect!”

The next moment, the yacht disappeared from the sea with a whoosh and fell into the sea of the spirit map space.

Since Xia ruofei had nowhere to run, the first thing he thought of was to protect the yacht. He was already a few hundred nautical miles away from land. If the yacht was destroyed in the storm, he would not be able to swim back no matter how capable he was!

This yacht was different from the small yacht he had bought before. It was more than 30 meters long and weighed tens of tons. It also carried fuel, water, and other equipment on the yacht. Such a big thing was already beyond Xia ruofei’s ability to collect.

After the yacht was forcefully kept into the spirit map space, Xia ruofei even felt a sharp pain in his head. This was obviously caused by an instant overload of spiritual power.

He did not have time to think about anything else. After he fell into the sea, he quickly took off his life jacket and dove into the sea. In this situation, the life jacket was a burden because if he stayed in the sea, even if Xia ruofei’s body was many times stronger than the average person, his bones would probably break if he was hit by the huge waves.

The power of nature was extremely terrifying.

Xia ruofei had received strict training in the Army and was naturally good at swimming. As long as he did not faint, he would not sink in the sea. It did not matter if he had a life jacket or not. Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

In addition, he had excellent physical strength to begin with, and as long as he survived this storm, he could take out the yacht, so he didn’t need to worry about problems such as physical exhaustion and temperature loss.

Xia ruofei tried his best to dive down, but he soon felt himself being pushed down hard. Then, the surrounding seawater suddenly surged up, and he was forced to quickly follow the seawater.

Xia ruofei knew that the huge wave had hit the spot where he had just entered the water and had formed a new wave.

Xia ruofei had no way to control his body under such a huge force. He was thrown up by the waves almost instantly and flew above the sea.

He tried his best to twist his body in the air, hoping to avoid the range of the waves.

However, there was no place to borrow strength from. There were huge waves all around. No matter how powerful Xia ruofei was, it was useless.

He quickly landed heavily, and his body smacked onto the surface of the sea. He felt as if his internal organs were about to shift positions, and he almost spat out a mouthful of blood.

Even though he had already covered his entire body with zhenqi to form a protective layer, he was still seriously injured.

Xia ruofei endured the pain and continued to dive.

He knew very well that only by diving deep enough could he be away from danger. The deeper he went, the calmer the water would be.

The deep sea was pitch – Black, and Xia ruofei used all his strength to dive.

He had been specially trained to hold his breath, and since he became a cultivator, he could form an internal circulation by relying on his true energy. For a short time, he didn’t even need to come out of the sea to breathe.

Xia ruofei felt that he had dived for at least ten meters. The water pressure around him was getting stronger and stronger. However, the pressure, which was unbearable for ordinary people, did not affect him much.

A depth of a dozen meters was obviously not enough because Xia ruofei could still feel the waves around him surging. It was hard for him to control his body and he could only follow the current.

All of a sudden, Xia ruofei felt a huge downward pressure and he sank a few meters.

Xia ruofei knew that something bad was about to happen. He knew that another wave was coming.

Sure enough, in the next moment, the sea water in this area suddenly churned, and his body also rushed upwards uncontrollably.

Before he could even think, Xia ruofei had already been thrown out of the sea by this powerful force.

As soon as he got out of the water, Xia ruofei’s heart skipped a beat. He saw that there was a huge wave that was at least a few dozen meters high above him. It was coming at him with the force of Mount Tai.

The giant wave was strong enough to overturn a ship. Xia ruofei looked so small in front of it.

The surging seawater and the ten – story high waves grew bigger and bigger in Xia ruofei’s eyes. He could even feel the huge force that was coming at him.

Without a doubt, if he was hit by the wave, he would have no hope of survival.

At this moment, Xia ruofei was forced into a corner.

He had no other choice but to use his last life – saving method ...