Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

2143 Array (2)

The method to break the barrier was not complicated. To put it bluntly, it was to break it with force.

Today, he planned to try the same method.

Xia ruofei gritted his teeth and the true Qi in his body suddenly sped up. Then, he took a bow stance and all the muscles in his body tensed up. All his strength was concentrated on his right fist. After a loud shout, he waved his fist and smashed it against the invisible barrier.

Xia ruofei had gathered all his strength in this punch, and it even made a piercing sound.

The fist landed on the invisible barrier and Xia ruofei could clearly feel the entire barrier caved in.

However, before Xia ruofei could show his excitement, the barrier emitted a visible light. Then, Xia ruofei felt a huge rebound force and he was sent flying.

Xia ruofei crashed heavily into a tree, making a dull sound.

The pain in his back was secondary. Xia ruofei’s right fist felt as if the bones were about to crack. His entire right arm could not help but tremble slightly.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but gasp.

He shook his fist, and it took a long time for his fist to recover.

In fact, when the rebound force came, Xia ruofei realized that he had done something stupid.

Although he had broken the small enchantment by force in the spatial cave, he did not break it by brute force. Instead, he mainly relied on his spiritual power to mobilize the invisible spatial force and constantly increase the power before finally breaking it.

This kind of barrier was extremely tough, and there was no way to break it with an instantaneous burst of power.

Although there was no invisible spatial force in the outside world that Xia ruofei could use and he could only use his genuine Qi to break it, he should not have chosen to concentrate all his strength and burst it out in an instant.

However, judging from the situation just now, even if he gradually increased his strength, it would be very difficult to break this enchantment.

Xia ruofei could not help but feel troubled.

He clearly knew that there was a high possibility that there were world stones in this pool. Furthermore, there might even be other opportunities. Yet, he could only watch helplessly. He could not enter at all.

He thought hard for a long time and finally thought of a possibility. Puyol had once accidentally entered the boundary by one or two steps, which meant that the boundary might have been damaged to a certain extent due to the passage of time.

In that case, if he could find the damaged spot where Puyol had entered the boundary back then, the difficulty might be reduced by a lot.

Thinking of this, Xia ruofei had a new motivation.

He immediately got into action, trying bit by bit along the invisible barrier that was one meter around the pool.

The sky was getting dark. Xia ruofei had been trying for more than two hours by the pool. Even though he had not found anything yet, he was patient enough.

Even an ordinary person like Puyol could take one or two steps in. As a cultivator at refined Qi Level 6, there was no reason for him to be inferior to Puyol.

Unless this array barrier had the ability to self – Repair.

The possibility of this was extremely low and could basically be ignored. If the enchantment could repair itself, Puyol wouldn’t have been able to walk in so coincidentally back then.

Finally, after two and a half hours of trying inch by inch, Xia ruofei found a spot where the energy of the barrier was obviously much weaker.

Actually, it was only a matter of time before they found this location. Xia ruofei was just unlucky, so he took so long.

When he felt his mind power Probe over, he found that the resistance of the enchantment was significantly reduced at a certain spot. He knew that this was most likely the spot where Puyol had accidentally entered the pool.

Xia ruofei’s spirit was lifted. He quickly controlled his spiritual power to pass through the crack.

The next moment, he felt a chill as if it could even freeze his mind power.

Of course, this feeling was not very comfortable. Xia ruofei endured the discomfort and scanned the area with his spiritual power.

Other than the fact that the temperature of the water was a little low, there was nothing special about it.

However, Xia ruofei still made great progress. He could sense many complicated array runes carved on the side of the pool. The pool was the center of these array runes and all the array runes would eventually return to the pool.

Xia ruofei’s array skills had improved greatly. He had spent a lot of time studying array skills. At the same time, he had processed a large number of basic materials for refining spiritual puppets and carved countless array patterns. His array skills had also improved.

Although Xia ruofei had never seen this formation before, he could still deduce the general principle of this formation from the formation patterns.

The more one studied arrays, the more one would feel that their knowledge of arrays was lacking.

Xia ruofei had only scratched the surface of this broad and profound knowledge. However, most of what he had mastered were basic knowledge of arrays, so even though the array he saw today was very complicated, he could still try to analyze it from the most basic array structure.

In fact, no matter how complicated each formation was, it was made up of countless basic formations after being broken down. This included the internal formation of the spiritual puppet that Xia ruofei had not been able to complete yet.

When he sensed the array pattern, Xia ruofei quickly immersed himself in it. He was not in a hurry to try to’ break it apart ‘with his genuine Qi.

He had considered the terrifying Python that Puyol had mentioned. From Puyol’s description, Xia ruofei could not determine the Python’s strength. However, he was sure that the Python could not leave the array’s range. If he were to use brute force to break through the formation, the Python might be able to break free from the formation’s restrictions.

It would be fine if the Python’s strength was average, but if Xia ruofei was no match for it, the survivors on the island would have no hope of survival if such a terrifying monster was released.

As for Xia ruofei, he could only run for his life. He could forget about coveting the opportunity in the pool.

On the contrary, if he were to enter the boundary by analyzing the principle of the formation, Xia ruofei would still have an escape route if he could not defeat the Python. As long as he retreated out of the boundary, he would be safe.

After making up his mind, Xia ruofei was no longer in a hurry. He sat down beside the barrier and used his spiritual power to check the situation of the array pattern through a small crack in the barrier. At the same time, he sketched out the array pattern in his mind and started to deduce it.

Xia ruofei entered a state of extreme concentration. His solid array Foundation was his biggest help.

“The combination of a basic trapping array and a defensive array can actually produce such an effect?”

“This array pattern is very special. It seems to be able to connect several small – scale basic array formations!”

“Why are there two array patterns with completely opposite attributes combined together? and the degree of fusion is so high?”

……

Xia ruofei mumbled to himself as he analyzed the situation. Sometimes, he would even use his fingers to gesture in the air.

In his state of concentration, he had no concept of the passage of time.

The sky had already turned completely dark, especially in the forest, which was pitch black.

Through the gaps between the leaves, a full moon hung high in the sky.

Xia ruofei was completely oblivious to this and did not even realize that the moon was already quite round today ...

As time passed, Xia ruofei sat on the ground like a clay statue, unmoving.

He had been in this state for a very long time. In the beginning, he would still use his fingers to draw all sorts of array patterns in the void. Later on, he didn’t even move his fingers and just sat there quietly.

The dark night gradually passed, and the sun rose above the sea. Rays of sunlight began to shine down on the mountain forest. Xia ruofei was still sitting cross – legged without moving.

For the entire day, Xia ruofei did not move an inch. He was completely immersed in the profound array Dao.

As the sun rose and set, Xia ruofei’s second night on the island came.

Xia ruofei, who had been sitting there for more than ten hours, raised his eyes and looked surprised.

“I understand!” Xia ruofei couldn’t help but wave his fist and said excitedly,”so the direction of the research was wrong from the beginning! The two sets of formation patterns that are like twin sisters are the core and key to the entire formation!”nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎