Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

2144 Disaster of the giant python (1)

Initially, this formation was like a thick fog in Xia ruofei’s eyes. No matter how he analyzed it, he could not find any clues. But now, it was completely different.

When he discovered the uniqueness of the Twin array patterns, it was as if he had suddenly found the end of the thread in a mess. Many questions that he had in the previous ten to twenty hours of analysis seemed to suddenly become clear.

“So that’s how it is!”

“It’s not complicated even if you understand it!”

“These two basic array runes can actually be used like this ...”

Xia ruofei kept muttering to himself in amazement. He was getting more and more familiar with this array that could form a tough barrier.

It was like a complicated math problem. Before finding the solution, one might not even understand the problem. One would not know what to do with the conditions given in the problem.

And when a flash of inspiration appeared in his mind and he found the correct way to solve the problem, he would find that the known conditions given in these problems were actually useful, and it required very clever skills to use them.

Then, in the process of solving the problem, when he was close to the correct answer step by step, the sense of achievement was unparalleled.

Xia ruofei was in such a state. He had almost forgotten the passage of time and was completely immersed in this ingenious array.

As the analysis went deeper, the formation that was originally covered by a veil became clearer. After the fog was cleared, Xia ruofei’s eyes became brighter.

In fact, Xia ruofei was able to analyze the principle of this formation not only because he had a solid foundation in formation theory, but also because of luck. The most important thing was that this formation had existed for a long time, and it was even slightly damaged due to the time.

It was because of this small damage that Xia ruofei’s spiritual power could enter the formation. Otherwise, no matter how solid his Foundation of formation theory was, it would be useless.

Time passed by quietly. After two hours, Xia ruofei finally let out a long breath and stood up.

After a day and night of non – stop analysis, he finally completely understood the principle of this formation.

During this process, Xia ruofei’s array skills had also improved greatly. This was because there were many applications of basic array patterns in this array that Xia ruofei had never heard of before. Not only did they successfully combine with each other, but there were also ready – made combinations that provided verification. It was like a treasure vault. Xia ruofei felt that many parts that he did not know about when he was preparing the parts of the spiritual puppet had suddenly been understood after one day and one night.

This could be considered an unexpected surprise.

He had only wanted to try his best to crack this array, but he didn’t expect it to be so helpful to his array Dao. When he dealt with the materials for the spiritual puppet later, it would be much easier for him.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but feel emotional. It seemed that the practice of array Dao still needed to be improved through practice! It was like the sea of questions tactic before the college entrance examination. In fact, it was to come into contact with different types of questions as much as possible and learn different ways of thinking to solve the questions. In the end, it was the effect of understanding all the questions.

However, the cultivation environment on earth was harsh now. Cultivators were hiding somewhere to cultivate. At least, Xia ruofei rarely encountered them. Where could he find so many examples to learn from? That was a real problem.

Xia ruofei felt that he should go out more often in the future, just like this time. If he could find the relics left by the senior cultivators, it would definitely be of great help to him.

Of course, these thoughts only flashed through Xia ruofei’s mind. The most important thing now was to enter the formation and explore the mysterious pool.

After understanding the principle of the formation, this extremely tough formation was no longer an obstacle to Xia ruofei.

He rested for a while to adjust his condition, then confidently walked to the transparent array barrier.

This formation was extremely exquisite. It combined the functions of a trapping formation, an illusionary formation, and a protective formation, with the outermost protective barrier as the main layer.

After he reached out and touched the boundary of the array, his mental energy quickly probed in, and he skillfully found the node of the array. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Xia ruofei’s thought process was also very clear. It was to first break the illusion array in the array. According to Puyol’s description, there was a terrifying Python in the array. Under the cover of the illusion array, what the naked eye could see might not necessarily be the real situation inside the array. Therefore, Xia ruofei would definitely not enter the array without breaking the illusion array.

The existence of the protective barrier was no longer an obstacle to Xia ruofei. On the contrary, it was a form of protection. If Puyol was right, the Python should be blocked inside the barrier.

Xia ruofei’s spiritual energy accurately found the node of the illusory formation. He transferred his genuine Qi into it. The next moment, the fog that shrouded the area of the formation was lifted.

From the outside, what he saw was a blue pool with nothing beside it.

However, after the illusory formation was broken, the true appearance of the pool was revealed.

There was a pool of blue water with a faint white mist. There were also pieces of ice on the surface of the water. It was obvious that the temperature of the water was very low.