Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

2145 Calamity of the giant python (2)

A huge Python was coiled in the middle of the pool. The Python was as thick as a bucket. As it was coiled together, its length was unknown. However, it was definitely the largest snake that Xia ruofei had ever seen.

The Python was obviously not affected by the illusion. It spat out a scarlet red snake and stared at Xia ruofei with its cold eyes. Being stared at by such a huge Python, Xia ruofei still felt a chill from the bottom of his feet even though he knew that the Python could not come out of the array.

Especially when he thought about how the Python had been right in front of him for the past day and night, and how it was very likely that it had been staring at him, Xia ruofei felt a chill down his spine.

He steadied his mind and continued to observe the environment within the formation.

In addition to the Python, there was also a small tree in the pool. The part of the tree that was exposed above the water was about three meters high, but the crown was very lush, almost covering the entire range of the array, like a large umbrella over the pool.

Xia ruofei had yet to enter the formation, but he could already feel that this tree was not ordinary. Every leaf was full of vitality, and there were more than a dozen fruits hanging on the tree. Every one of them was emitting a strong and alluring fragrance.

Xia ruofei’s eyes brightened. He could guess that Puyol must have eaten one of the fruits.

The reason for this was that the fruits hanging on the tree had two different colors. One of them was dark red, and its shape and size were exactly the same as what Puyol had described. The other fruit was dark purple. The two fruits were almost exactly the same except for the color.

There were about seven or eight fruits of each color.

Xia ruofei scanned the fruit with his spiritual power and could feel the rich energy in the fruit. He was sure that the two – colored fruits were ripe and not the same fruit when it was ripe or unripe.

It was indeed a strange thing for the same tree to have two different kinds of fruits of different colors, and each one of them contained such an alluring aura.

Modern people could make a pot of flowers bloom with colorful colors through grafting or genetic technology, but this tree was obviously formed naturally.

Xia ruofei guessed that there might be a branch growing on the damaged part of the formation, and there was a dark red fruit hanging on it. Puyol took a step in and reached out to pick it.

It had to be said that Puyol’s luck was really heaven – defying.

Xia ruofei looked at the fruits on the tree greedily, but he quickly turned his attention to the Python.

With the Python’s protection, these fruits were simply invisible and untouchable, like Flowers in the Mirror and the moon in the water.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but have a headache.

The Python emitted a dangerous aura, which made Xia ruofei feel very threatened.

He was sure that not only was Puyol unable to fight back against the Python, even he himself was probably not the Python’s match.

The difficulty was greater than he had imagined.

Before Xia ruofei came, he had a glimmer of hope. After all, Puyol was just an ordinary person with good skills. The Python that was so powerful that it was undefeatable in Puyol’s eyes might not be that difficult to deal with for a cultivator like him.

Now, this fantasy was shattered.

It would be difficult for him to gain any advantage against this Python.

However, it was not easy for him to analyze the formation thoroughly. There were still more than ten alluring spiritual fruits in the pond. More importantly, the realm stone that he and the White realm Fox desperately needed was most likely in the pond. Xia ruofei would not allow himself to return empty – handed.

How should he deal with this Python? Xia ruofei was also deep in thought.

Unknowingly, the moon in the sky gradually came to the top of their heads.

At this moment, the Python that had been staring coldly at Xia ruofei moved.

Xia ruofei was shocked. He subconsciously took a step back and got into a defensive position.

However, the Python only glanced at Xia ruofei before it shifted its position and raised its head.

Xia ruofei could even see a hint of mockery and disdain in the Python’s eyes.

To be looked down upon by a snake ... Xia ruofei was speechless.

He was quickly attracted by the situation inside the array. He saw the Python open its mouth towards the moon in the sky, and then a bright light fell from the sky, accurately entering the Python’s mouth. The Python seemed to enjoy it very much, its tail happily slapping the water surface, and at the same time, it let out an excited cry! Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

“It’s absorbing the moonlight!” Xia ruofei muttered to himself in shock.

It was obvious that the Python was the one that Puyol had mentioned that terrifying cries could be heard from the forest during the roundest days of the month.

Xia ruofei did not find it strange that a snake could make a sound. After all, it was a Python that could absorb the moonlight.

The demons in fantasy novels could even transform into human forms! What was so strange about a snake making a sound?

The Python obviously did not think much of Xia ruofei. In its eyes, this human was too small. Besides, with the protection of the array, it did not need to worry at all. This human would not be able to enter.

Hence, even though Xia ruofei was outside the array, the Python continued to absorb the moonlight as if there was no one else around.

Xia ruofei’s heart skipped a beat. This might be an opportunity!