Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

2146 Disaster of the Anaconda (3)

This Python was currently concentrating on absorbing the moonlight. If he quickly entered the array, he might be able to give it a surprise attack!

Although he could feel how terrifying the Python’s aura was, Xia ruofei would not be satisfied if he did not try it for himself.

At the very least, there was this protective barrier. Once his life was in danger, Xia ruofei could still escape from the barrier.

Most importantly, if it was any other time, Xia ruofei might not even have a chance. The Python would only be absorbing the moonlight for a few days. If he did not grasp this opportunity, he might have to wait for a month. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Xia ruofei obviously could not wait that long.

Thinking of this, Xia ruofei quickly made up his mind. His eyes revealed a trace of determination. With a flip of his hand, he took out the sharp military armor that had accompanied him for many years from the space. He circulated his whole body’s genuine Qi and poured it into the dagger.

After adjusting himself to his best condition, Xia ruofei began to carefully use his spiritual power to guide his genuine Qi to open the node of the protective array.

Xia ruofei had already memorized this formation by heart. He easily found the core node of the protective formation. As long as he poured his genuine Qi into it, the protective boundary would open.

Xia ruofei looked at the giant python again. He gritted his teeth and transferred his genuine Qi to the nodes of the formation.

The giant python was focused on absorbing the moonlight and did not pay any attention to the tiny human beside it.

Xia ruofei could feel the protective barrier melting away rapidly.

It was now!

He knew that the wisp of true Qi could only last for one or two seconds at most, and then it would be exhausted and the protective barrier would be formed again.

Xia ruofei did not hesitate. He stomped on the ground with his right foot and shot into the array like a bolt of lightning, pouncing on the giant python.

He also raised the dagger in his hand, which was shining with a cold light, and stabbed it at the Python’s seven – inch area.

Hit where it hurts. Xia ruofei didn’t know if this rule would work on a Python with a high cultivation level. In this case, he could only try.

The giant python only reacted when Xia ruofei was right in front of it.

He discovered that this ant – like human had actually barged into the array’s range and couldn’t help but be somewhat astonished.

In that moment of distraction, Xia ruofei’s dagger had already stabbed into its vital spot.

Ding! Xia ruofei’s heart skipped a beat.

The Python’s scales were extremely hard. The military dagger that was infused with true energy only left a white mark on it. It could not even break through its physical defense.

Xia ruofei’s reaction was also very fast. When his first attack failed, he immediately used the force to flip and rush out of the formation. At this time, the formation had not yet reformed and he still had time to escape.

Xia ruofei didn’t forget to use his spiritual power to sweep up the Crimson fruit that was closest to him. As he escaped out of the formation, he quickly kept the fruit into the space.

However, the Python had already reacted.

The Furious giant python let out a long roar. Its head suddenly stood upright, and its coiled tail suddenly stretched out. With a swishing sound, it swung it at Xia ruofei.

The Python’s speed was beyond Xia ruofei’s expectations.

In addition, he was only borrowing the force to roll out, so his speed was definitely not as fast as his full – speed sprint.

The thick tail of the Python hit Xia ruofei hard.

Xia ruofei felt as if he had been hit by a train. He spat out a mouthful of blood and almost passed out.

However, the snake’s tail whipped Xia ruofei’s speed and he was thrown out of the formation’s range.

He fell heavily to the ground, feeling that his ribs might have been broken, and his internal organs seemed to have shifted.

Before Xia ruofei could celebrate his escape, he was horrified to see that the Python was flying at an extremely fast speed. Before the formation could be completed, it was chasing after him aggressively.

The entire process only took two to three seconds. The Python’s reaction speed and movement speed were far beyond Xia ruofei’s expectations. He could not even use the array to protect himself.

He was in danger now!

Xia ruofei felt all the hair on his body stand up. He took out the Crimson fruit he had just picked from the space without hesitation and stuffed it into his mouth without thinking. He had heard from Puyol that the Crimson fruit could not only strengthen the body, but it could also greatly promote the recovery of injuries.

Xia ruofei was a cultivator and his body was many times stronger than that of Puyol. Although the giant Python’s attack had injured him, he had not lost his ability to move.

In this extremely dangerous situation, Xia ruofei knew that if he could increase his strength and recover faster, it would be crucial for him to save his life.

Of course, he did not have time to hesitate. After stuffing the dark red fruit into his mouth, Xia ruofei turned around and fled into the forest without hesitation.

The giant python had subconsciously chased out in a fit of rage, but it hadn’t expected to really leave the range of the array. It couldn’t help but feel a little surprised that it had been trapped in this array for who knew how many years, and now that it had rushed out, it was really a little stunned.

However, after Xia ruofei took out the fruit and swallowed it, the Python’s hostility was triggered again.

This was the spirit fruit that it had guarded for countless years, and it had actually been stolen and eaten by this detestable ant. How could it be tolerated?

A few years ago, there was an ant who was lucky enough to obtain a spiritual fruit from the damaged edge of the array. However, the ant today was even more hateful. He had actually barged into the array to steal it. How could the giant python allow Xia ruofei to leave so easily?

It immediately wriggled its long body and chased after Xia ruofei.

Although the Python was moving on its stomach, it was not slow at all. In fact, it was even faster than Xia ruofei.

Xia ruofei still needed to avoid the trees and other obstacles, but the giant python was like a heavy tank, crushing everything in its path. It slithered out a path in a straight line.

In the dark, Xia ruofei had no way to determine the direction. He subconsciously followed the route that was the easiest to escape.

Of course, he would also change directions from time to time. After all, the Python’s body was huge, and it moved in a slithering manner, so its reaction was relatively slower.

But even so, the giant python was still getting closer and closer. After a while, Xia ruofei could even hear the hissing of the giant python, Yuuko, and the stench that made him a little dizzy ...