Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

2148 Backstabbing (2)

Just now, he had really used all his strength without holding back. Now that he had stopped, he felt as if his lungs were burning. The muscles of his entire body, especially his leg muscles, were sore and weak. Even his calves and stomach were trembling.

As he panted, he did not forget to use his spiritual power to check the outside world.

The giant python chased after Xia ruoxin as she leaped off the cliff and crashed into the simple wooden house in the survivor’s camp.

The wooden houses fell apart without a doubt, but the thick – skinned giant python was not injured at all.

However, it immediately discovered that the aura of the ant who had run so fast had completely disappeared.

The giant python hissed, and its tail swept around the survivor camp like a huge whip, suddenly turning the camp into a mess.

However, Xia ruofei was hiding in the spirit map space. How could there be any aura outside? Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

As for the spirit painting, in the eyes of the giant python, it was no different from the mountain rocks. It was just a dead object.

If the scroll had suddenly appeared on the ground and Xia ruofei had disappeared at the same time, it might have been suspicious.

However, as Xia ruofei was falling from the cliff, he had stuffed the painting into the crack in the mountain wall and hid there. The giant python had not noticed him at all. Moreover, the painting was hidden very well in the crack. It did not expect Xia ruofei to be hiding there.

The giant python could not find Xia ruofei, but it did find the survivors who were running away from the forest.

In the eyes of the giant python, these survivors were the same kind as the ant just now.

After losing Xia ruofei, he naturally vented his anger on the survivors.

The giant python roared and its huge body suddenly leaped forward, chasing after the survivors.

The survivors who were running slower could already see the terrifying body of the giant python and could not help but scream in despair.

Xia ruofei could see everything clearly with his spiritual power but he could not help at all. He could only watch.

Because he knew that he would only be courting death if he went out.

Xia ruofei could not help the survivors.

In fact, he had really considered how to bring the survivors out of the island when he left.

When he landed on the island and discovered people, he had already changed his appearance very carefully. He did not have to worry that these people would reveal his identity after returning to society.

Of course, he naturally couldn’t take out a yacht from the space to transport the survivors out. But with his strength as a cultivator, he could cut enough wood on this deserted island to make a strong raft and take them out of the range of the island. Then he would try to use GPS positioning and call for help with the maritime satellite phone. There was always a way to save these people.

When the rescue ships arrived, he only needed to sneak out of the sea and take out the yacht when no one was around. No one would know that he was the one who did it.

That was Xia ruofei’s plan, but it was meaningless to say it now. He even saw the giant python swallow the last survivor. Among the survivors who were running in all directions, only a few could escape from the Python.

Xia ruofei sighed and retracted his spiritual perception. He could not bear to watch any longer.

At this moment, Xia ruofei’s body trembled. He suddenly realized that this was an opportunity.

The giant python had gone to chase after the survivors, and he wouldn’t be able to help even if he hid here. If he ran out now and quickly returned to the pool, wouldn’t he be able to directly enter to pick the spirit fruits and find the world stone?

Most importantly, with the protection of the array, even if the Python came back, it could not enter.

Thinking of this, Xia ruofei no longer hesitated because he knew that the opportunity was fleeting. Now was not the time to be sad for the survivors.

He made a prompt decision and directly returned to the outside world with a thought.

Xia ruofei agilely grabbed a crack in the mountain wall and kept the painting in his body. He then climbed up the mountain like an agile monkey. Without stopping for a moment, he flew towards the direction of the pool.

Xia ruofei was racing against time, and so were the survivors.

Although they had no other way to escape on this Island surrounded by the sea other than jumping into the sea, their survival instincts still urged them to run wildly in the direction of the sea.

Even if he were to be drowned in the sea, it would be better than being swallowed alive by the giant python!

The giant python was extremely fast and swallowed seven or eight survivors in a short time. It didn’t even chew and just swallowed them in one bite.

In the end, only a few people, including Puyol, escaped to the beach.

They all fled into the sea like crazy, and then swam out with all their might.

In the past few years, it was not that Puyol and the others had not thought of building their own rafts to leave. They had tried before, but simple rafts could not withstand the waves at sea at all. Moreover, they found that there were no ships passing by in the surrounding area, and there were no other islands nearby. Taking a raft to escape was no different from a fool’s dream. The final result would definitely be to be buried in the stomachs of fish.

Now that there was a terrifying giant python behind them, Puyol and the others could not care about anything else. Even if they did not have a wooden raft, they would have to swim out first.