Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

2149 Backstabbing (3)

The giant python stopped when it reached the beach. Perhaps it was because it had eaten its fill, or perhaps it was afraid of the sea, or for some other reason, it did not go into the sea to continue chasing. Instead, it looked at Puyol and the others who were swimming desperately, spat out its snake luck, and turned back.

Puyol and the others swam for a long time before they mustered the courage to turn around. They realized that the giant python had not caught up to them. Instead, it had turned around and gone back. They could still see the giant snake’s tail flash in the forest before it disappeared.

Puyol and the others stayed in the sea for a long time. In the end, they were too cold to do anything. They would freeze to death if they continued like this, so they mustered up the courage to walk upstream. At least for the time being, there did not seem to be any danger on the beach.

After Puyol and the others returned to the island, they did not dare to continue returning to the camp. They all trembled on the beach and hugged each other for warmth.

Because here, once the Python appeared, they could still escape into the sea. If they returned to the camp, they might just be caught by the Python!

Xia ruofei did not know how long the giant python would be outside and whether it would return to the pool. He could only try his best to fight for every second.

He poured true Qi into his legs and ran through the forest.

A practitioner’s memory was very good. Although it was only Puyol who took him on a trip, and it was night time, he could still accurately find the route during the day.

After a while, the pond appeared in Xia ruofei’s sight again. The array had returned to normal.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but sigh. If the array had recovered a second earlier, the giant python wouldn’t have escaped and the survivors wouldn’t have suffered.

However, there were no’ ifs ‘in this world. Now that the consequences had come to this, Xia ruofei did not have time to feel guilty. He quickly went to the formation and found the node of the formation with ease and injected his genuine Qi.

The protective barrier immediately melted. Xia ruofei flew into the formation without hesitation.

The first thing he did was to use his mental power to roll up the dozen or so spirit fruits on the tree and put them all into the space.

At this time, the array barrier had already begun to recover.

Xia ruofei looked at the tough formation and felt more at ease. At least they were safe here.

Of course, he didn’t drag things out because of this. After all, if the giant python returned, even if it couldn’t enter, he wouldn’t be able to leave if it guarded outside the array.

It would be best if he could find the world stone before the Python returned and leave in the other direction as quickly as possible.

Xia ruofei asked the white fox.

The little fellow pointed out with absolute certainty that there was definitely a world stone within the pond.

Actually, Xia ruofei had a Jade Leaf on him as well. It was just that the range of the Jade Leaf’s detection towards the world stone was smaller. However, the Jade Leaf did not have any reaction at all. He was standing right beside the pond! At such a close distance, if there really was a world stone, it was impossible for the Jade Leaf to not have any reaction.

Xia ruofei still had some doubts about the White realm Fox’s words. However, the area of the formation was not large and everything could be seen at a glance. Other than the bottom of the pool, there was no other place where the realm stone could be hidden.

Xia ruofei thought for a while and decided to go into the water.

He put away his mobile phone and other electronic devices into the spirit map space. Then, with the dagger still in his hand, he jumped into the pool.

The water was bone – chilling and Xia ruofei could not help but shiver.

With Xia ruofei’s body, he wouldn’t feel cold even if he was bare – chested in the winter. However, the water in the pool could make him feel a bone – chilling cold. It was obvious how low the temperature was.

But the amazing thing was that with such a low temperature, the water should have been completely frozen. In fact, except for a small layer of floating ice on the surface of the water, the water was still in a liquid state.

Xia ruofei was sure that the temperature of the water was below zero.

However, he didn’t have time to investigate this. After swimming like water, he immediately dived down.

He held the dagger in his mouth, held a waterproof flashlight in one hand, and paddled with all his might with the other hand. His legs quickly drew water, and his body quickly dived into the deep pool.

Not only was the pool extremely cold, but it was also so deep that one couldn’t even see their own fingers after diving two or three meters down. There was only the pillar of light from the flashlight, but all they could see was the pool water.

The white fox in the space was extremely excited. It kept squeaking and gesturing, telling Xia ruofei that the realm stone was just below and asking him to speed up.

Xia ruofei didn’t expect the pond to be so deep. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

In a short while, he had already dived nearly a hundred meters.

Xia ruofei did not carry any breathing equipment or flippers. This depth was close to the world record for freediving.

Of course, as a cultivator, Xia ruofei’s ability to withstand water pressure and the time he could hold his breath was much better than those freedivers. He could even use the great Dao Sutra to form internal breathing and stay underwater for a longer time.

Hence, even after diving so deep, Xia ruofei still felt at ease.

In fact, what was more unbearable to him was not the water pressure or the suffocation, but the temperature.

As the depth increased, the temperature of the pool became lower and lower. He didn’t wear a professional diving suit to keep his body temperature, so his skin felt like it was being pricked by needles when it came into direct contact with the water. This was a reaction to extremely low temperatures.

Xia ruofei had to quickly circulate his genuine Qi to resist the low temperature of the water. Otherwise, even he might be frozen.

In this way, the consumption of true Qi would be greatly increased.

The most important thing was that he didn’t know when he would reach the bottom of the pool. The pool looked like a pitch – Black bottomless pit.

And the giant python could return at any time.

Xia ruofei could not help but feel anxious.

However, since they had already come this far, Xia ruofei could not back down. He could only grit his teeth and continue to dive.

110 meters, 120 meters ...

As the depth increased, Xia ruofei felt that his hands and feet were starting to go numb. Even if he circulated his genuine Qi, the effect was not as obvious.

And the suffocating feeling was getting stronger and stronger.

Xia ruofei had to give himself some time to resurface. He decided to dive a little deeper. If he still had not reached the bottom, he would resurface to warm himself up first.

At this moment, Xia ruofei suddenly felt the leaf in front of his chest start to emit a warm feeling