2150 A different world (1)

Xia ruofei, who was already thinking of backing out, was suddenly reinvigorated.

Sensing that the Jade Leaf had reacted, it meant that he was not far from the world stone. He adjusted his breathing according to the “great Dao Arts” technique and used his legs to draw water with all his might to continue diving.

Even though the strong light from the flashlight could only shine on the water and the bottom could not be seen, Xia ruofei was very motivated.

The water was getting colder and colder. Xia ruofei’s teeth started to clatter.

To be able to make a cultivator so cold, one could imagine the temperature of the water.

Under such circumstances, the consumption of genuine Qi was also shocking. Even though Xia ruofei’s “great Dao scroll” was a top – tier technique and his genuine Qi was much thicker than other cultivators of the same cultivation level, he could not withstand such consumption. Gradually, he felt that he was beyond his power. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Of course, at this point, he would not give up so easily.

Xia ruofei had already made up his mind. If he really couldn’t hold on any longer, he would enter the spirit map space. That way, not only would he be able to breathe, but he could also use the difference in the flow of time to meditate and recover his true Qi. He believed that within a short period of time, the spirit map wouldn’t be damaged in such an extremely cold environment. Similarly, it wouldn’t deviate too much from its original position.

However, Xia ruofei did not take out the spirit map scroll immediately. He still wanted to challenge his limits.

After diving for another 50 meters or so, the surrounding water pressure was already very shocking. If it was an ordinary person without professional training, their lungs would have been seriously injured.

Just as Xia ruofei was gritting his teeth and preparing to continue diving, the white fox in the space squeaked and gestured to Xia ruofei.

Xia ruofei had always maintained a telepathic connection with the spirit map space. Naturally, he was able to sense the signal sent by the white fox at the first moment.

“Swim to the left?” Xia ruofei said to himself.

The white fox signaled him to stop diving and swim to the left. Xia ruofei was slightly happy. Did this mean that he was already close to the world stone?

No matter what, swimming horizontally was at least better than diving. Xia ruofei judged that if he continued to dive, he would only be able to go down 50 meters at most. Whether it was the water pressure or the low temperature underwater, it should be at the limit of what his body could withstand. By then, even if he hid in the medium to recover his true energy, it would be difficult for him to go any deeper.

If he swam horizontally, he could still hold on for a long time by relying on internal breathing. Even if he couldn’t hold on, he could continue to swim underwater as long as he took a breath in the space.

He had thought that he would need to dive to the bottom of the pond to find the world stone. However, Xia ruofei’s heart was beating like a drum as he had no idea when he would be able to see the bottom of the pond. Now, he could finally heave a sigh of relief.

Xia ruofei immediately turned his body and swam to the left. At the same time, he shone the flashlight in his hand forward, trying to see the situation ahead as much as possible.

The bottom of the pool was much bigger than Xia ruofei had imagined. He swam to the left for at least 20 to 30 meters, but he still could not see the wall of the pool.

It was obviously in the shape of an upside – down funnel, because from the shore, the pool was not so large at all. On the contrary, it grew larger and larger as it went deeper.

Xia ruofei could feel that the sensory Jade Leaf on his chest was getting hotter and hotter. This made him feel more at ease because this meant that he was getting closer and closer to the world stone.

The white fox in the space became more and more excited.

Xia ruofei continued to swim forward for more than 20 meters. Finally, under the strong light of the flashlight, he saw the strange rock wall of the pool. About two meters in front of him, there was a dark cave.

“Squeak! Squeak! Squeak!” The White realmfox jumped and cried, gesturing with its forelimbs.

“You want me to enter that cave?” Xia ruofei asked.

The white fox immediately nodded its head like a chicken pecking at rice. If a little girl saw it, she would definitely be overjoyed.

Xia ruofei didn’t hesitate. He quickly drew the water with his legs and dived deeper, swimming towards the hole.

Under the strong light of the flashlight, Xia ruofei gradually saw the appearance of the hole.

It was about one meter in diameter and looked like a very regular circle. The edge was also very smooth, which was completely different from the pool wall he had just seen.

There was no doubt that this hole was man – made.

What kind of person could dig such a regular stone cave at a depth of nearly 200 meters? Xia ruofei couldn’t help but be amazed.

He didn’t dare to be neglectful at all. His mental power had long spread out, and the little remaining true Qi was also stirred up, ready to deal with unknown dangers at any time.

It was dark inside the hole, and he couldn’t see what was going on inside. It was also difficult to extend his spiritual power in. This was similar to the situation he had encountered in the strange white fog before he had come to this Island.

Xia ruofei switched to holding the bright flashlight in his mouth and holding the dagger in his right hand. He paddled back with both hands and swung his legs. His body glided lightly in the water and entered the narrow stone cave.

He felt as if he had passed through an invisible membrane. The inside of the cave was dry, without even a drop of water.

Xia ruofei was still in the diving position. He was not prepared for it and fell to the ground.