Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

2151 A different world (2)

Xia ruofei’s mouth was wide open in shock. The strong flashlight fell to the ground, and the light beams danced wildly in the cave. He then came back to his senses and quickly reached out to grab the flashlight.

The diameter of the cave was only a little more than a meter, and it was difficult to even turn around inside.

Xia ruofei shone the flashlight behind him and turned his head around with difficulty.

At the entrance of the cave, there was a slightly shaking pool of water, but it was as if the water was blocked by a transparent cover, and it could not flow into the cave at all.

Xia ruofei guessed that this was the effect of the formation, but he was still very surprised.

It must be known that this was a depth of nearly two hundred meters, and the water pressure was astonishing. To be able to block the water outside, and yet people could easily pass through, this formation was not simple.

Xia ruofei had been holding his breath ever since he entered the water. After entering the cave, he tried to exhale and then gently took a breath.

He suddenly found that the air in the stone cave was quite fresh, and the concentration of spiritual Qi seemed to be quite high. Although it could not be compared with the environment in the spirit map space, it could be considered a treasure land with rich spiritual Qi compared to the outside world.

Xia ruofei took a few deep breaths in relief and felt much better.

Although he could rely on the great Dao Arts to maintain his internal breathing underwater, breathing was a human’s instinct. After not breathing for such a long time, he subconsciously felt very suffocated.

Now, that feeling of suffocation had finally disappeared.

Xia ruofei did not stay at the entrance for long. After a short rest, he continued to move forward.

The cave was only a little over a meter in diameter. An adult could barely pass through it, and they had to crawl forward.

If someone with claustrophobia were to stay in such an environment for a long time, they would probably go crazy.

Xia ruofei’s mental strength was very strong. He continued to crawl forward calmly.

The cave had a downward slope and the temperature was very low. Xia ruofei even felt colder than in the pool.

He held the dagger tightly in one hand and didn’t dare to withdraw his mind power for a moment. In this stone cave, his mind power was greatly suppressed, and he could only detect about three or four meters ahead.

As they continued to crawl forward, Xia ruofei felt that the cave was gradually becoming wider and the sense of uneasiness was getting lower.

Of course, the temperature in the cave was still extremely low. In fact, the deeper he went, the lower the temperature became.

After another hundred meters, the cave was wide enough for an adult to walk with his back bent.

Xia ruofei also sat up and leaned against the wall to rest.

After all, he had been crawling in that narrow tunnel all this time. In addition, he had to continuously use true energy to resist the cold. He was also exhausted from the whole journey.

Xia ruofei took out a bottle of spirit pool water that had been mixed with the petals of the spirit Heart Flower from his storage space. He gulped it down and immediately sped up the recovery of his mental power and true Qi.

He sat there for more than three minutes, then got up and continued to move forward.

The cave continued to widen. After walking for less than 50 meters, Xia ruofei realized that the cave’s diameter had become at least two to three meters. Not only was it much wider, but it was also tall enough for him to walk normally with his back straight.

This made things much easier.

Xia ruofei advanced carefully with the dagger in his hand. He was constantly scanning the surroundings with his spiritual power and was always on high alert.

It was very quiet in the cave. Xia ruofei could clearly hear his own footsteps and his own heartbeat.

The induction Jade Leaf in front of his chest had become slightly hot, indicating that the world stone was nearby.

The tunnel in the cave was slightly inclined downwards. Xia ruofei estimated that they were more than two hundred meters above the ground.

Finally, after another sixty to seventy meters, Xia ruofei saw a stone door.

This green stone door should have been made from a whole piece of huge green stone, and it gave off an ancient and simple aura. It was connected to the entire passage without any signs of a switch or handle.

Xia ruofei walked closer and quickly realized that the stone door was engraved with a mysterious array pattern that formed a complete array diagram.

After a brief analysis, he had already calmed down quite a bit. The Suan NI’s formation was of the same origin as the barrier formation by the pond. Although the two formations were completely different, the idea of setting up the formation was the same.

Xia ruofei had studied the array by the pond for an entire day and night. He had already understood the principle of the array. It was much easier to analyze this array now.

He knew that this formation was the key to opening the stone door.

Of course, it would also take a lot of time to analyze this formation.

Although it had been almost half an hour since they entered the pool, it was very likely that the Python had returned to the edge of the pool. Even if it could not enter the array, it was likely that it would stay outside the array. But now that things had come to this, Xia ruofei could not care less about the giant python. He had to open the stone door with all his might.

In any case, even if they returned the way they came, the giant python was likely to have already returned, and they might even be caught red – handed.

The sensing Jade Leaf was already boiling hot, and the world stone was right in front of him. Xia ruofei naturally knew what to do.

Now was not the time to think about the giant python. Only by calming down and analyzing the formation on the stone door could he open it as soon as possible. The more anxious he was, the more counterproductive he would be.

Xia ruofei quickly memorized the entire formation under the strong light of the flashlight. Then, he sat cross – legged in front of the stone door, put the flashlight aside, and closed his eyes to analyze and practice the formation in his mind.

As time went by, the principle of the formation became clearer and clearer in Xia ruofei’s mind.

Formations were also divided into different schools.

Obviously, Xia ruofei’s previous analysis and solution to the pond’s barrier formation had helped him a lot in his analysis of this formation.

The array patterns formed a basic array diagram, and the basic array diagrams formed an array technique.

Xia ruofei still started to analyze from every basic diagram and then used the connections between them to deduce. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Although he was doing the same work, his efficiency this time was much higher than when he analyzed the barrier formation last time.

He sat there for about an hour before he suddenly opened his eyes and a relaxed smile appeared on his face.

“It should be like this!” Xia ruofei muttered to himself.

Just now, he had gone through it several times in his mind and had basically confirmed the result of his analysis.

Xia ruofei stood up confidently and returned to the stone door.

With a confident smile on his face, he reached out his hand and pressed on a node of the formation. At the same time, he slightly exhaled his zhenqi.

Then, Xia ruofei’s fingers quickly tapped on the array diagram, and each time, he poured in a wisp of genuine Qi.

The entire process only took about ten seconds.

When Xia ruofei tapped the last finger, the entire formation seemed to light up. Every pattern on the formation glowed with a dazzling light and the bright light circulated rapidly on the formation.

At the same time, a series of clacking sounds could be heard as the green stone door began to rise up slowly.

The stone door seemed to be very heavy, and the speed of its Ascension was rather slow.

Xia ruofei could see a faint green light through the gap at the bottom of the stone door.

It took more than two minutes for the stone door to rise to the top. With a click, the stone door seemed to be locked and hung firmly above, revealing a two – meter – wide and three – meter – High doorway.

Xia ruofei was full of anticipation as he walked in.

When he passed by the door, he raised his head and found that the stone door was more than a meter thick. He couldn’t help but take a cold breath. This was the legendary dragon – breaking stone! It was almost impossible to open the door with brute force alone.

After passing through the one – meter deep doorway, Xia ruofei’s eyes widened in shock ...