Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

2152 Spectacular View_1

Xia ruofei had thought that after passing through this stone door, there would be a stone room or a few stone rooms. If there were no accidents, he would be able to find the world stone here.

However, everything before his eyes was far beyond his expectations.

After walking out of the door, Xia ruofei saw a huge and empty space in front of him. It was more than a hundred meters high and the size was as big as a dozen football fields. It was as if the center of the island had been dug out.

On the walls and ceiling of this huge cave, there were pieces of round beads that emitted a faint green light. They looked like stars decorating the dome, making it look spectacular.

It was these glowing beads that enveloped the entire cave in a green halo, making it look very dreamy.

No wonder Xia ruofei could see the green light when the stone door opened.

The stone door was located at the bottom of the entire huge rock cave. Looking out from here, one could see pavilions scattered all over the place. There were also winding paths, exquisite small bridges, and curved streams ... It was like a paradise on earth under the dense green qi.

Xia ruofei stood rooted to the ground for a long time, unable to move.

He had never imagined that on this deserted island, more than two hundred meters underground, there would actually be such a beautiful paradise. Every building here was beautiful, and every scenery was unforgettable. Moreover, it seemed to be in a mess, but in reality, it was in accordance with the laws of heaven and earth. Everything seemed to be one with nature, and even an ordinary artificial mountain rock was just right, as if it was born there. Without this rock, the entire building complex would become disharmonious.

“Amazing ...” Xia ruofei couldn’t help but exclaim.

Could this be a celestial technique? Xia ruofei was sure that even the best ancient architect in the world could not have designed such a perfect building complex.

In particular, that natural charm was a realm that mortals could not reach.

Xia ruofei strode forward.

From the exit of the doorway, there was a path paved with bluestone that led to the huge ancient buildings. Both sides of the path were planted with purple bamboo.

These bamboos just happened to block a part of the scenery, and on the curved path, the scenery was completely different with every few steps, but each had its own charm.

Xia ruofei had visited the Zhuo Zheng garden before. This garden could be said to be the pinnacle of garden history. The most famous one was “changing scenery with steps”. Now, in comparison to this complex hidden more than 200 meters underground, the “changing scenery with steps” of Zhuo Zheng garden was at the beginner level.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but think that if he could live in such an environment for a long time, even if he was more than 200 meters underground, he would still enjoy it!

Of course, if he could live here with his girlfriend, he would have nothing else to ask for in his life.

However, it was not easy to enter the underground cave. The low temperature of the pool and the depth of two hundred meters were enough to keep most people out.

Xia ruofei’s imagination ran wild as he walked along the small path. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

After passing through the purple bamboo forest, there was a large garden in front of them. The small path passed through the garden.

Xia ruofei could see that the gardens on both sides were planted with a large number of spiritual herbs. Some of them were seen on the spirit map Island, but the difference was that these spiritual herbs were already in a mature state.

However, he didn’t see a single flower that was commonly seen in the outside world.

Xia ruofei had also read many cultivation books. He was no longer a newbie in cultivation, but he could only recognize less than 30% of these spiritual herbs.

Just the value of the items that he had recognized was enough to make him tremble with excitement.

“Seven – colored Miscanthus! Ice jade Leaf! “What the ... There’s even a snow stem Golden Lotus ...” Xia ruofei muttered to himself in a trembling voice as he tried to walk into the garden.

The value of the spiritual herbs here was no less than that of the island in the spirit map space. Although he had yet to see a spiritual herb as precious as the heart concentrating herb, Xia ruofei did not recognize at least two – thirds of the spiritual herbs here. There might be even more precious spiritual herbs here!

However, it was clearly too early for him to be happy. Before he could step into the garden, a halo lit up. Clearly, the array barrier had been activated.

Xia ruofei realized that he could not enter the garden other than this small path.

Moreover, this array was obviously much more advanced than the one in the pool. It was not damaged at all and operated normally. Even if he tried to break it, he could not find a way in.

Xia ruofei gave it some thought and decided to give up. Although he was very envious, he knew that there was no hope and he would not waste any more time here.

What he was most worried about now was what he would do if he discovered that the world stone was also in such a formation boundary.

Could it be that he had gone through so many hardships and almost lost his life to come here just to broaden his horizons?

Yes, I saw a very impressive array, a near – perfect immortal treasure land, and a garden full of spirit herbs and spirit herbs. Unfortunately, it has nothing to do with me, and I didn’t take anything!

Just thinking about it made him feel vexed!

Xia ruofei was a little worried as he continued to move forward.