Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

2153 Spectacular sight (2)

After entering this beautiful building complex, the path was naturally not the only one.

However, Xia ruofei relied on the Jade Leaf and the White realm Fox’s guidance to get closer to the possible location of the realm stone.

Along the way, he also saw many treasures. In addition to spiritual herbs and grass, there were also swords that were obviously sharp, and crystals with a higher concentration of spiritual Qi than spiritual crystals.

However, these treasures all had a common characteristic, and that was that they could be seen but not held!

It was as if he had been left here to annoy people.

Xia ruofei was also worried. On one hand, he was unwilling to enter the treasure Mountain for nothing. On the other hand, he was secretly glad that he had not seen the boundary stone protected by the array so far.

There was a Western saying that no news was good news.

This sentence was very suitable for Xia ruofei. As long as he did not see the world stone being protected by the formation, it was good news for him.

Xia ruofei walked through the ancient buildings that looked like a Celestial Palace for more than ten minutes. He was already numb to the beautiful scenery.

Of course, he didn’t dare to let his guard down at all times. After all, this place was obviously set up by a senior cultivator with a very high cultivation level. There might be unknown dangers.

Just like that, Xia ruofei finally arrived in front of a Palace.

Yes, to Xia ruofei, this was a Palace. It was even more spectacular than the palaces in the Forbidden City.

This Palace, which was 30 to 40 meters tall, was unique in the entire ancient building complex. It was also the largest building.

In front of the palace was a huge square paved with bluestone slabs. These bluestone slabs were polished until they were as smooth as mirrors. Xia ruofei was even worried that he would slip when he walked on them.

After passing through the square, there were a total of 99 steps.

On both sides of the steps were railings made of white marble. Every three steps, there would be a lifelike beast head on the railing. There were a total of 66 beast heads on both sides, and none of them were repeated. The carving was simply a work of art.

After walking up the steps, Xia ruofei stood in front of the palace without any name carved on it.

There were two three – meter tall stone statues at the entrance of the palace. They were two Guardian beasts that Xia ruofei could not name. From the front, they looked like lions but had a tail full of scales. At the same time, the claws of The Guardian beasts were not Lion claws but dragon claws.

Xia ruofei stood in front of The Guardian beasts that looked like a dragon and a Lion. He could not feel a trace of life but he could still feel the pressure.

He was sure that they were just two stone sculptures, but just their appearance alone could produce such a strong pressure, especially the eyes of The Guardian beasts. They were cold, ruthless, and bloodthirsty. Xia ruofei only took one look at them and he felt his heart palpitate.

Xia ruofei calmed himself down, crossed the high threshold, and entered the palace.

There were huge pillars that were thirty to forty meters tall in the palace, and the roof was also inlaid with round beads that emitted a green light. Under the green light, the interior of the palace seemed a little empty.

Two rows of pillars were neatly arranged at the entrance, extending for a hundred or two hundred meters. Between the pillars was a passage paved with bluestone.

Xia ruofei looked into the distance. At the end of the bluestone path, there were more than a dozen steps. There was a platform above it, and he could vaguely see an ancient throne. In front of the throne, there was a table.

The white fox in the medium was so excited that it kept urging Xia ruofei to move towards the throne.

Xia ruofei took a deep breath and walked forward carefully.

One step, two steps ... The sound of his footsteps echoed in the empty Palace. In the strange silence, Xia ruofei was fully alert for any possible danger.

It took Xia ruofei five to six minutes to cover the distance of more than a hundred meters. He was very careful with each step.

When he was about three or four meters away from the steps of the throne, he suddenly heard a squeaking sound.

Xia ruofei turned around and realized that the palace door had closed by itself. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

With a clang, the palace door was completely shut.

Xia ruofei was getting more and more nervous. He even summoned the spirit map and held it tightly in his hand.

It was the existence of the spirit painting scroll that gave Xia ruofei some confidence.

Once there was a danger that he could not resist, he only needed a thought to hide in space.

Although this underground building complex was magnificent, and he had seen many spirit herbs and natural treasures along the way, he had a faint feeling that none of them were as precious as the spirit map scroll.

The spirit map scroll had opened up a stable space, and it was not the kind of dead storage space. Instead, it was filled with heaven and earth spiritual Qi, and it could even develop rules similar to the natural space of the outside world.

Although the underground building complex was also a work of art, the difficulty of construction was obviously not as high as opening up another space.

Hence, Xia ruofei deduced that the owner of this place should be much weaker than the owner of the spirit map space.

He was also very confident that the spirit map space would be able to protect his safety in this environment.

After the palace door closed, Xia ruofei was only slightly shocked. Then, he turned around and focused his attention on the table in front of the throne.

He couldn’t see it clearly earlier because he was too far away, but now he could clearly see that there were three boxes on the table side by side.

Xia ruofei’s gaze became fervent. Whether he could gain anything this time would depend on these three boxes ...

Just as he was about to step up the steps, a burst of hearty laughter suddenly came from the palace.

“Hahaha ...”

Xia ruofei was so scared that he almost hid in the spirit map space.

He had never thought that there would be anyone here.

The laughter was very loud, and it formed a series of echoes in the empty Palace, which made it sound even more strange.

“Who’s there!” Xia ruofei couldn’t help but shout.

At this moment, a ray of light fell on the throne behind the table. Xia ruofei watched as a figure appeared on the throne.

This figure was extremely strange. It started appearing from the feet, then the light slowly moved up, the legs and waist also began to appear, and finally the body and head. The whole person seemed to be bathed in a layer of light, looking a little hazy.

This person was wearing a moon – White Daoist robe and had his hair tied up in a Daoist bun. He had a thin face and a faint smile on his face. He was holding a horsetail whisk in his hand and casually placed it on his arm. He looked like a Sage.

Xia ruofei suddenly realized and couldn’t help but exclaim,”3D projection? This is way too advanced ...”

The Daoist seemed to be looking at Xia ruofei. He smiled and started to speak.”Junior, the fact that you are able to enter My Immortal Island means that we are fated. But you’ve made it this far, which means that you’ve at least reached a higher level in the field of arrays. And to be able to pass the purpleblood spirit Python’s test, it means that you’ve at least reached the peak of the Golden core stage ...”

After saying that, the Daoist hesitated for a moment and then said with a smile,””Speaking of which, I wonder how many years later it will be when you see this video. What if it took too long? could the purpleblood spirit Python have already broken through to the original level? Then wouldn’t it be very difficult for anyone to pass the test?”

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but smile bitterly. It turned out that this person had been expected to enter only when he was at the peak of the Golden core stage. This meant that the giant python was at least at the intermediate or advanced stage of the Golden core stage. After all, a spirit beast’s body was much stronger than a human ‘s. Human cultivators of the same cultivation level would most likely not be able to defeat a spirit beast.

It was unknown what expression the Taoist priest would make if he knew that Xia ruofei was only at the sixth level of the Qi refining realm and that he had entered the spirit map space with a bit of luck.

The Daoist shook his head again and said,””Forget it, I’m not worried for nothing. In this environment, it’ll be hard for the purple blood spirit Python to break through even if it trains for a thousand years! Let’s get back to the main topic!”