Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

2154 Bi youzi’s gift (1)

Xia ruofei immediately looked at the Daoist on the throne with full attention.

Even though it was only a video, Xia ruofei could still feel the great power from the Taoist. Xia ruofei estimated that this Taoist was at least in the nascent Soul Stage or even higher.

The thin Taoist smiled and said,””I’m bi youzi, the master of this green Immortal Island. Since you can enter my green Immortal Island, it means that you are fated with me ...”

After saying that, Daoist priest bi youzi’s face revealed a trace of desolation.””A catastrophe happened more than a hundred years ago, which caused a large loss of spiritual energy in the divine great land. The remaining spiritual energy became extremely violent and the cultivation environment became extremely harsh. For more than a hundred years, there hasn’t been a single nascent soul cultivator. Our Chinese cultivators have decided to head into the endless starry sky to find a new way out. All cultivators above the nascent Soul Stage will be leaving. In order to leave some hope for those who come later, I left this green immortal mansion and some cultivation resources for those who are fated to ...”

Hearing this, Xia ruofei’s heart was in turmoil. No wonder there were so few cultivators on earth. It turned out that a large number of Masters above the original level had left earth.

He did not know which era bi youzi was from, but from the fact that all the formations and barriers were damaged, Xia ruofei guessed that it had been at least a thousand years. From bi youzi’s words, Xia ruofei did not know what had happened a hundred years ago that caused the cultivation environment on earth to deteriorate to such an extent.

The large number of cultivation books left in the spirit map space’s inheritance jade talisman also did not have records of this.

However, Xia ruofei was sure of one thing. After those original infant stage and higher cultivators left earth, there must have been a break in the cultivation world on earth. Many inheritances were lost.

It was conceivable that under such harsh conditions, no matter how hard those jiedan stage cultivators tried, they would have no hope of reaching the Yuanying stage. This could be seen from the giant python.

Xia ruofei was sure that the giant Python’s cultivation was still at the Golden core stage. If it was a spiritual beast of the original infant stage, he would not even have the chance to escape. For so many years, the giant python had relied on absorbing the moonlight to cultivate, but it had not been able to break through to the nascent Soul Stage, let alone those human cultivators in the Golden core stage.

Golden core cultivators could only live for five to six hundred years at most. As time passed, the number of cultivators on earth would definitely decline. In this era, Xia ruofei had almost no cultivators.

The old Daoist bi youzi smiled and said, “I’m very pleased that there are still juniors who can cultivate to the peak jiedan stage under such conditions. The things in these three boxes are my gifts to you. I can imagine how difficult it must have been for you to cultivate to your current realm, so I won’t set any more tests. I believe that since you’ve reached this point, you’re qualified to obtain these treasures. Next, you can open them!”

As he said this, the old Daoist bi youzi seemed to have been hit by a pause button. He was completely frozen, and there was even a gentle smile on his face.

Xia ruofei gave senior bi youzi a thumbs up in his heart! This was a senior expert! If he wanted to give something, he would give it directly.

He walked up the steps with a trace of expectation and came to the table.

The three boxes were made of Jade and looked very warm. There were complicated patterns carved on them. These boxes alone were very precious antiques today. After all, they had at least a thousand years of history.

Xia ruofei scanned the boxes with his spiritual power and knew that Daoist priest bi youzi did not lie to him. There were no traces of formations on the three boxes, and he did not find any information about mechanisms.

He extended his hand to the first box on the left, and with a light lift, he easily opened it.

The moment the lid was opened, bi youzi seemed to come alive again. He smiled and said,””This is my first gift to you!”

Xia ruofei was shocked, but he quickly reacted. There must be some kind of restriction on the box. Once it was opened, it would trigger the stored image.

He couldn’t help but curse in his heart. Senior bi youzi, you’ll easily scare people like this ...

He cast his gaze into the box. There was a short sword in it. It was very small and exquisite. It was only about 30 centimeters long and as wide as a finger. It was dark green in color, and there seemed to be a sharp aura flowing around the sword. What was even more peculiar was that this short sword did not have a hilt. It was more than 30 centimeters long, and it was the blade.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but think,”is the first gift a half – finished product?”

“This is the flying sword I used when I first entered the nascent Soul Stage,” bi youzi continued.”Its name is ‘blue sky’. It accompanied me for more than 300 years of cultivation. Although I later had better flying swords, I always brought it with me. This time, I’m about to go to the unknown endless starry sky, and I might not be able to come back. I’ll leave this blue sky sword to the fated one! I hope you can treasure this flying sword!”

After saying that, bi youzi entered the ‘pause’ state again.

Xia ruofei was overjoyed and said to himself,””So this is the legendary flying sword! Senior bi youzi ... Can you at least teach me how to use it? There’s no instruction manual or anything in the box ...”

There was quite a lot of information about flying swords in the cultivation classics in the spirit map space’s inheritance jade talisman, but most of them only introduced some famous flying swords and some glorious deeds of sword Immortals. There was no mention of basic operations like using flying swords.

However, Xia ruofei was not completely clueless. At least, he had heard that flying swords needed to be bound by blood.

Hence, he decided to give it a try.

A sharp stream of genuine Qi condensed into a line and easily forced a drop of blood out of his finger, which dripped on the dark green flying sword.

After the drop of blood came into contact with the flying sword, it disappeared without a trace and integrated into the flying sword.

In the next moment, Xia ruofei felt a strong connection with the flying sword. This feeling was similar to when he first absorbed the spirit map into his body, but it was slightly different.

Xia ruofei felt that he could keep the flying sword in his body at any time.

He tried to control his thoughts. As expected, the flying sword flew up and flew in an arc before entering Xia ruofei’s body.

Looking at the flying sword with a cold glint flying towards him, Xia ruofei was still a little scared. However, he endured the discomfort in his heart and stood still.

The flying sword directly entered his body, and he soon felt the flying sword quietly staying near his dantian.

With just a thought, the flying sword could leave the body at any time.

Unlike the sword Immortals in TV shows, they didn’t need to fly out of their mouths and enter their bodies through their mouths. After the flying sword acknowledged its master by dripping blood on it, no matter which part of the master’s body it was, it could receive or release the flying sword. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

The flying sword was like a part of its master’s body, so it naturally wouldn’t harm its master’s body.

Xia ruofei could use his hand to hold the flying sword as he wished without having to worry about cutting his hand.

Only then did he understand why the sword didn’t have a hilt. It was unnecessary.

Of course, flying swords were rarely held in their hands. Since they were flying swords, they were naturally more likely to fly in the air.

Xia ruofei’s spiritual power cultivation was higher than his genuine Qi cultivation. After a few tries, he could control the flying sword very well.

He controlled the flying sword to fly up and down around him, and then let the flying sword dance freely in the space of the palace. Sometimes it swooped down, sometimes it suddenly stopped and turned. In a short time, he had become very skilled.

If it wasn’t for the two boxes that had yet to be opened, Xia ruofei might have been able to play with it for a few hours. It was a very fresh feeling.

He had heard that after the Golden core stage, cultivators could even ride a flying sword. This made Xia ruofei look forward to it even more.

After playing with it for a while, Xia ruofei kept the flying sword in his body and looked at the second box.

The first gift had already surprised Xia ruofei. He was even more excited about the second box.

When the second box was opened, bi youzi, who had been in a ‘paused’ state, immediately came back to life. He smiled and said,””This is the second gift! A total of two hundred origin crystals. Now that the world’s spiritual energy is barren, I believe that with these two hundred origin crystals, it should be of some help to your cultivation. I hope that you can use this to break through to the Yuanying stage!”

Even though Xia ruofei had a strong mentality, he could not help but feel ecstatic after hearing this.

Two hundred pieces of crystal stones with extremely dense spiritual Qi were neatly placed in the box. The entire box was filled to the brim. These were origin crystals, which were even more precious than spiritual crystals!

Xia ruofei had read a lot of cultivation books and knew that once a cultivator reached the Golden core stage, the Qi in the body would be transformed into Yuan Qi. During the process of cultivation, the demand for spiritual Qi would also increase greatly. Golden core cultivators who had the conditions would absorb Yuan crystals to cultivate.

The spiritual Qi of heaven and earth contained in origin crystals was a hundred times richer than that of spirit crystals! And the absorption rate was even higher!

It could be said that just one origin crystal was enough to provide all the spiritual Qi that Xia ruofei needed for the entire Qi refining stage.

And there were two hundred Yuan here!

Xia ruofei’s hands trembled slightly. He took out a piece of crystal from the box and looked at it carefully.

This origin crystal had been cut into a standard rectangular shape. Once he touched it, he could feel the huge amount of spiritual energy contained within it. He tried to operate the “great Dao Arts” and immediately felt a strong wave of spiritual energy directly enter his meridians from the palm of his hand.

Not only was the spiritual Qi rich, but it was also extremely pure. Xia ruofei easily absorbed the spiritual Qi and immediately felt that the genuine Qi in his dantian had increased.

One could imagine how much more efficient it would be if origin crystals were used for cultivation!

He was like a pauper who had picked up a huge sum of money. He quickly put the piece of origin crystal back into the box, and then with a thought, he put the box into the spirit map space ...