Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

2158 The world stone in the storage box (1)

“Where could the world stone be?” Xia ruofei muttered to himself.

In fact, he didn’t need to spend much effort to look for it because the White realm Fox in the space was already very anxious. It was pointing and giving directions to Xia ruofei. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Now that Xia ruofei had bound the mansion – guarding wooden token with his blood, he was equivalent to half the owner of the immortal mansion. Although he could not open any of the restrictions here because of his low level of refinement, at least the array in the immortal mansion would not attack him on its own because of the aura of the mansion – guarding wooden token in his dantian.

Therefore, Xia ruofei’s safety in the green touring immortal abode had increased by a lot. There was basically no danger to his life. Of course, the premise was that he didn’t take the initiative to attack those dangerous restrictions.

Xia ruofei followed the direction pointed out by the white fox and walked to the side hall.

The palace was huge. The side halls on both sides of the main hall were also very spacious. Xia ruofei could not understand why a cultivator would build such a huge Palace. If he were to sleep in such an empty place, he would be terrified!

In comparison, Xia ruofei still felt that the exquisite and small buildings outside were more to his liking.

Of course, this bi youzi was at least at the nascent Soul Stage, or even higher. Xia ruofei could not guess the thoughts of an expert of this level.

There were many things in the side hall as well. On the way, Xia ruofei found three or four extraordinary small boxes, a gourd that gave off a mysterious aura, and a Jade slip. However, they were all protected by formations and restrictions. Xia ruofei could not even get close to them, let alone retrieve the treasures.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but be speechless, thinking that this senior bi youzi was too stingy!

He even suspected that there were restrictions protecting the tables and chairs in this green touring immortal mansion.

In fact, this wasn’t an exaggeration at all. Many of the tables and chairs in the immortal mansion were made of very precious ores and raw materials. These things were rare treasures in the eyes of Qi condensation and even golden core cultivators!

Of course, Xia ruofei only grumbled a little. He no longer felt as uncomfortable as before. On the contrary, the more treasures he found, the happier he was.

Because he knew very well that these things were only temporarily unavailable, but they would be his sooner or later, and no one could take them away.

Xia ruofei’s main goal was to find the realm stone, so he did not stay in the side hall for long. Under the guidance of the White realm Fox, he passed through the side hall and arrived at the back of the palace.

The left, right, and front were all spacious halls, while the back half were rooms.

With the “super radar” of the white fox, Xia ruofei went straight to his target.

Soon, he arrived at the door of a room.

“There are world stones inside?” Xia ruofei asked.

The white fox nodded its head like a chicken pecking at rice.

Xia ruofei smiled and pushed the door open.

Fortunately, bi youzi was not ‘crazy’ enough to seal every room with arrays and restrictions. Xia ruofei pushed the door open easily.

He walked into the room.

The room was not very big. It was only about 30 to 40 square meters. If such a room was placed in a big city where every inch of land was worth its weight in gold, the developer would definitely promote it as a “super large bedroom” or something. However, in this magnificent Palace, it was indeed a very small room.

There was almost nothing in the room except for a few boxes in the corner.

Of course, even after a thousand years, the whole immortal mansion was still spotless, and this room was no exception. The boxes still looked as if they were new.

The white fox impatiently asked Xia ruofei to open the box.

However, Xia ruofei’s heart sank slightly. Based on his experience, this kind of box would be protected by a formation. If the world stone was inside, it would not be easy to get it.

However, since they were already here, they had to try it out to find out. Xia ruofei walked over.

Just as he was about to open the first box, the White realm Fox in the medium kept shaking its head, indicating that the realm stone was not inside.

Although he was stopped by the white fox, Xia ruofei could still feel a layer of energy barrier around the box.

He was even more pessimistic about it. However, he still followed the guidance of the white fox and walked toward the third box on the left.

“I hope this box can be opened directly!” Xia ruofei said in his heart.

He slowly reached out to the box, and as his hand got closer to the box, he became more and more nervous.

Even when his fingers touched the lid of the box, he did not encounter any array or barrier. He could not help but let out a sigh of relief, and at the same time felt a burst of unexpected joy.

He didn’t expect that this box really wasn’t protected by a barrier. This was the first box that could be opened directly! If there were really world stones inside, then his luck was really too good!

Xia ruofei’s heart was pounding. No matter how many treasures he obtained, he was still most concerned about the world stone. This was because it was related to whether the spirit map space could continue to upgrade.

He had always wanted to know what it would be like when the spirit map space was upgraded to its ultimate form.