Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

2160 Escape from the snake’s belly (1)

In reality, Xia ruofei had only diverted a small part of his attention to the spirit map space. His speed was not slow. While he was splitting the loot with the White realmfox, he had already opened the door of the palace, passed through the immortal abode, and returned to the position of the stone door that led to the immortal abode.

After he refined the mansion – guarding wooden token, although he couldn’t use, open, or close almost all the formations and restrictions, there was no danger in the immortal mansion, so he didn’t have to be as careful as when he came, and his speed naturally increased a lot.

Xia ruofei could sense that although the white fox was not moving, its vital signs were very stable and it was full of vitality. He was relieved and focused all his attention on the outside world.

After Xia ruofei had passed through, the heavy stone door closed with a loud bang.

He moved quickly along the tunnel and made a slight adjustment in front of the water – proof array at the end of the tunnel. After taking a deep breath, he directly passed through it.

As soon as he entered the cold water, Xia ruofei could feel the huge water pressure coming from all directions.

He was already prepared, and as soon as he entered the water, he immediately controlled his body to swim to the surface.

With the help of the water’s buoyancy, Xia ruofei did not need to exert much effort. Moreover, his body was strong. He did not need to control his speed and float up slowly like ordinary people to prevent his body from being injured by sudden changes in pressure difference. Hence, he floated up much faster than when he dived.

Xia ruofei was like an agile fish swimming up the water.

The corners of his mouth couldn’t help but curve up, and his heart was filled with the joy of his harvest.

Suddenly, the smile on his face froze, and he immediately bent his body in the water, forcibly stopping the trend of rising, and turned to dive down desperately.

This was because when Xia ruofei had raised his head to look at the water, he had noticed a huge shadow on the surface of the water. He had recognized it almost immediately. It was the purpleblood spirit Python!

Xia ruofei cursed in his heart as he dived in. F * ck! What was going on? Wasn’t there a formation barrier? How did that big guy come in? Furthermore, he was guarding the pool. Wasn’t this like catching a turtle in a jar? Pei Pei Pei! This metaphor was not appropriate!

Although he had accidentally compared himself to a ‘turtle’ in his anger, there was nothing wrong with that logic. With the purple – blooded spiritual Python on top, Xia ruofei would not be able to get out.

And this wasn’t even the worst case scenario.

Xia ruofei quickly realized that just as he ‘braked’ and turned to dive, the purple – blooded spiritual Python also moved and quickly chased him down.

It turned out that after devouring most of the survivors, the purple – blooded spirit Python had habitually returned to the pool, mainly because of the green immortal mansion below. The world Energy here was the richest, and it was also the best place to absorb the moonlight.

The worst part was that bi youzi had left the purple – blooded spirit Python inside the barrier to guard the pool. It was also a test for the lucky cultivators of the younger generation who had entered the immortal Island. Thus, he had engraved array patterns on the purple – blooded spirit Python’s body. This way, the purple – blooded spirit Python could not leave the array, but it could return to the pool from the outside without any obstacles.

Naturally, the purpleblood spirit Python returned to the pond where it had lived for more than a thousand years and settled down.

Its cultivation was much higher than Xia ruofei ‘s. When Xia ruofei swam up and noticed it, it naturally felt the movement at the bottom of the water and noticed Xia ruofei immediately.

If it wasn’t for the fact that the purpleblood spirit Python’s attention was focused on the outside of the formation, Xia ruofei would have been discovered earlier.

When the purple – blooded spiritual Python saw Xia ruofei appear from the water below, it flew into a rage. It immediately extended its long body and dived into the water, chasing after Xia ruofei.

In the water, the purpleblood spirit Python’s speed was much faster than Xia ruofei ‘S. Xia ruofei used all his strength to dive down, hoping to return to the water – proof formation.

As long as he could hide in green touring immortal mansion, he was confident that he could stop the purple blood spirit Python, Lao Ai. At least, the purple blood spirit Python would not be able to break through the stone door. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

However, the purpleblood spirit Python’s speed in the water was simply too fast. This was its home ground, and the distance between it and Xia ruofei was rapidly shrinking.

In just a few seconds, Xia ruofei immediately judged that he would not be able to make it to the entrance of the cave in time.

At this speed, the purple – blooded spiritual Python would catch up to him in ten seconds at most.

Xia ruofei could not help but feel bitter. This was really a bit of extreme joy turning into sorrow!

He had always believed that even if the purpleblood spirit Python returned, it would only be blocked outside the formation. If that was the case, he could still think of a way after he returned to the surface.

As such, his vigilance had actually been lowered during the process of floating up. Otherwise, he would have been able to discover the purpleblood spiritual Python earlier.

It’s too late to say all this now. Xia ruofei could feel the water rippling behind him. The purpleblood spirit Python was getting closer and closer to him.

He could truly feel the threat of death.

After at most five to six seconds, Xia ruofei felt a suction force and his diving speed was greatly reduced.

In an instant, the purpleblood spirit Python had caught up to him. Xia ruofei turned around and saw that the giant python had opened its mouth wide. Needless to say, it must have opened its mouth to suck back, which was why Xia ruofei’s movement had been blocked.