Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 217: Taking the initiative (1)

Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The ear – piercing alarm was still ringing, but Liang Haitao had already turned a deaf ear to it. Because he saw that all the vital signs, which had been falling like a cliff just now, had stopped falling and began to rise back up by a small margin. It was even more effective than the cardiac stimulant he had received earlier. This had completely subverted Liang Haitao’s understanding of medicine. In his opinion, this was not in line with the laws of science. As the chief physician, he knew very well that in elder song’s condition, even God would not be able to save him. Liang Haitao’s gaze fell on the small porcelain bottle on the bedside table. “What ... What did you give the chief to drink?” Liang Haitao’s voice trembled as he asked. Xia ruofei smiled and said,”Chinese medicine!” It’s made from the grass roots and tree bark you mentioned. ” Liang Haitao was speechless. He had a strong dislike for Chinese medicine, but now that the truth was right in front of him, he couldn’t refute it. Liang Haitao consoled himself in his heart,”Chinese medicine can’t cure liver cancer. He must have used some kind of stimulant to make elder song’s body regain its consciousness. It must be!” At this moment, Xia ruofei frowned and said,””The medicine doesn’t seem to be enough ...” After saying that, he stood up and opened the porcelain bottle again. He fed it to elder song like before. He didn’t sit back in his chair until the entire bottle of “Chinese medicine” was fed. Xia ruofei finally had the time to look at elder song. The eighty – year – old man with his eyes closed had almost all his hair white, and his thin face had many age spots. His hands were bony, and the black spots on his skin had not faded. But even in his dying state, he still had a kind of imposing manner without anger. Xia ruofei could vaguely remember elder song’s appearance on the news a few years ago. Before he left his position as a leader, he would appear on the national news broadcast almost every day. In the news, elder song was upright and in high spirits. But now, he looked like this. It made people sigh that a hero had passed his Prime. Just as Xia ruofei was sighing, the alarm from the monitoring Instrument suddenly stopped. Liang Haitao and the other two doctors were already dumbfounded. At this moment, they stood in place as if they were petrified. After Xia ruofei gave elder song the second dose of the Chinese medicine, elder song’s vital signs started to rise again. Although it was still much lower than the normal standard, the warning had stopped, which meant that the indicator had already left the danger zone that could lead to the death of the patient at any time. The most important thing was that these indicators had suddenly recovered from the state of near death. The effect was so obvious that even two shots of cardiac stimulant would not be as effective. When Liang Haitao looked at Xia ruofei again, his eyes were filled with shock and fear. Xia ruofei placed his hand on elder song’s wrist again and stood up after taking his pulse. Manager Lu quickly took two steps forward and asked,””Doctor Xia, how’s the situation?” “He’s out of danger for now,”Xia ruofei said as he stood up. Manager Lu and Tian Huilan let out a long sigh of relief at the same time. Liang Haitao and the medical team’s attitude just now was basically to prepare for the work after elder song’s death. Moreover, the alarm continued to sound, which made people panic. “This is impossible ... Impossible ... How could this be?” Liang Haitao’s eyes were wide open as he muttered to himself. Manager Lu raised his eyebrows and said in an unfriendly tone,””Doctor Liang, what are you saying? Do you want something to happen to the chief?” He had always addressed Liang Haitao as “chief Liang”, but now he had changed it to “doctor Liang”. It was clear that his dissatisfaction with Liang Haitao had accumulated to a very large extent. Now, both sides had basically fallen out. If Xia ruofei’s treatment was ineffective, he, Xu Wu, and even Tian Huilan would have to sacrifice their political futures. However, now that Xia ruofei’s first move had achieved an obvious result, his confidence naturally rose. “That’s not what I meant ...” Liang Haitao quickly said,”manager Lu, don’t twist my words!” Manager Lu snorted and ignored Liang Haitao. He turned to Xia ruofei and asked,””Doctor Xia, I’ll have to trouble you with the next step of the treatment ...” Manager Lu had placed all his hopes on Xia ruofei. He was not only thinking about his own political future, but also out of concern for elder song. Xia ruofei thought for a while.”I have a rough idea of elder song’s condition. I need to make some Chinese medicine. You should have a Chinese medicine room here, right?” “I’m sorry, Dr. Xia,”manager Lu said awkwardly,” we don’t have any Chinese medicinal herbs in stock ...” After that, manager Lu couldn’t help but glare at Liang Haitao. Xia ruofei immediately understood. Based on Liang Haitao’s character, the medical team he was in charge of was naturally all Western medicine. It was even more impossible for them to store any Chinese medicine. Tian Huilan thought for a moment and said,”little Xia, how about this?” “Write a list and ask manager Lu to send someone to Hongzhou to buy it immediately. If it’s not convenient, you can go there yourself. But elder song ...” “Yes, yes, yes!” Manager Lu quickly said. We’ll go to Hongzhou to buy it immediately! Xu Wu, go and contact the Air Force and ask them to send another helicopter over!” “Yes!” Xu Wu replied. Xia ruofei thought for a while and said,”I think I’ll stay here.” It’ll be easier to deal with in time if anything happens. ” Then, Xia ruofei continued,”manager Lu, please prepare a room for me. I’ll make a list. You guys hurry up and prepare the medicinal herbs. By the way, I’m sure you don’t have the equipment for brewing Chinese medicine here.” And bring a set back as well. ” “Alright!” Manager Lu said. Now that Xia ruofei was his only hope, he would naturally listen to her. Xia ruofei stood up and took out another porcelain bottle from his suitcase. The concentration of the flower petal solution in this bottle was slightly higher than the first bottle, but the purity was also lower. Xia ruofei smiled and said to the soldier,””Squad leader Lu, I’ll give you a task. Take this bottle of Chinese medicine and guard this room at all times. If the Bureau chief’s condition worsens, immediately give him half a bottle. Other than you and me, no one is allowed to touch this bottle. Remember, no one! Can you do it?” Xia ruofei glanced at Liang Haitao, who had an ugly expression. “I promise to complete the mission!” Squad leader Lu immediately puffed out his chest and said. Squad leader Lu took the porcelain bottle from Xia ruofei and immediately took out a magazine from the bullet bag and handed it to the soldier next to him. Then, he carefully inserted the porcelain bottle into the sub – Bag. He held the type 95 rifle in his hand tightly and looked vigilant at all times. Xia ruofei explained to manager Lu,”this is the eastern medicine that I’ve prepared in advance before we set off today. I used many rare herbs. Its effect is to stimulate the human body’s potential and keep the chief’s vital signs at a relatively normal level.” The proper treatment can only be carried out after you’ve bought the medicinal herbs. ” “I understand, doctor Xia. I’ll leave everything to you!” Manager Lu said. “Let’s go then!”Xia ruofei nodded. He then looked at Liang Haitao and said,””As for doctor Liang’s treatment group, find them a place to rest! I’m sure they don’t care to observe Chinese medicine treatment. ” Liang Haitao’s face turned green and he snorted coldly. He didn’t say anything. Manager Lu couldn’t help but laugh.””Alright! There are many empty rooms here, and doctor Liang and the others have worked hard for so many days, it’s time for them to rest!” After that, manager Lu gave an order to squad leader Lu. A few soldiers immediately entered the room and carried Liang Haitao and the other two doctors out, ignoring their protests. Including the members of the medical team outside, they were all ‘invited’ to a large meeting room on the first floor to’ rest ‘. Manager Lu had arranged for a full squad of armed soldiers outside the meeting room to ensure that Liang Haitao would not cause any trouble during Xia ruofei’s treatment. As for what would happen after that, he didn’t have time to think about it. As long as Xia ruofei’s treatment was successful, even if Liang Haitao had a powerful background, he would not be a threat to elder song’s personal secretary. Xia ruofei had used a bottle of petal solution with a very low concentration to easily take the initiative. Manager Lu personally led Xia ruofei to the doctor’s lounge to list the Chinese medicine. Just as they arrived at the corridor, they heard the sound of a car engine. Manager Lu looked down through the window and immediately said,””Secretary song is here!” “Doctor Xia, time is of the essence. Please make a list immediately!” Manager Lu said,”Secretary Tian and I will go down to welcome provincial judge song!” Elder song’s eldest son, song Zhengping, was already in the main department. He had been the Deputy Chief of xiangnan province for more than four years. This time, there were many people who were promoted to the position of Secretary of the provincial deputy Committee. He could definitely be considered a Governor. “Alright, Xu Wu can stay.” Xia ruofei smiled and said,”he can just go and buy them after I’ve written the list!” Manager Lu and Tian Huilan hurried down the stairs while Xia ruofei and Xu Wu entered the doctor’s lounge.