2171 A skyrocketing cultivation level (1)

The lifeboat had already approached the wooden raft.

Puyol and the other three had already recovered from the shock of Xia ruofei’s sudden disappearance. They kept waving at the people on the lifeboat with an excited look.

Xia ruofei was very satisfied with their performance.

This Puyol looked very boorish, but to be able to lead the entire survivor camp, it wasn’t just because of his high martial strength, but also because he was a very smart person. As for the other three survivors, in order not to cause more trouble, they would probably pretend that Xia ruofei had never appeared.

Of course, even if they were to spill the beans, they would still be in trouble. Xia ruofei did not leave any traces behind, so there was no need to worry.

Xia ruofei’s spiritual power detected that the lifeboat was approaching.

That lifeboat was a bit smaller than a wooden raft. When the side of the boat approached the wooden raft, the crew threw the rope up.

Puyol and the others quickly took the rope and tied the raft and the lifeboat firmly together.

The crew asked a few simple questions. In fact, Puyol and the others had not been rich for many years. They had not shaved for a long time, and their clothes were ragged like savages. In addition, there was no ship around, so the possibility of them being Pirates was extremely low.

After the routine questioning, the crew took Puyol and the others to the lifeboats.

Purjue asked Dave and the other two to board the boat first. He then walked over and picked up John Junior, handing him over to Dave who was on the lifeboat.

Apart from a tattered canvas bag that contained a few mementos, she didn’t take anything else with her. If she could return to civilized society, these things would basically be trash. No one would want them even if they were thrown on the side of the road.

When the crew saw that there was a baby on the raft, they were slightly surprised, but they did not ask much. They only asked Puyol to untie the rope and throw him back into the lifeboat. Then, they reached out and pulled Puyol onto the boat, and the lifeboat began to return to the big cruise ship.

As for the wooden raft, it was naturally abandoned at sea.

Xia ruofei’s spirit painting was stuck at the bottom of the raft. He could sense that the lifeboat was getting further and further away until it was out of the range of his spiritual power. With a thought, he returned to the outside world from the medium.

Xia ruofei held onto the bottom of the raft with one hand and kept the painting in his body. Then, he went to the other side based on his memory. With the supplies on the deck and the cover of the tent, he threw the painting into the tent.

Then, he entered the medium again and immediately came out.

This way, he arrived at the tent without anyone knowing.

With the cover of the tent, Xia ruofei could easily observe the situation on the cruise ship through the small transparent window on the tent.

The lifeboat reached the bottom of the cruise ship and was quickly lifted up.

Puyol and the others were also picked up on the cruise ship.

Xia ruofei could finally relax. As long as they were not so unlucky and the cruise ship did not meet with a sea disaster, they could be sure that they had been rescued and could successfully return to civilized society and reunite with their families.

As for how they were going to explain the disaster in the Atlantic Ocean, only to appear in the Indian Ocean a few years later, that was not something Xia ruofei could care about.

In any case, in the long history of maritime and aviation, similar situations had happened before. Just the mysterious Bermuda ocean alone had countless missing ships and planes.

In history, there was a plane that disappeared in a storm. Everyone concluded that the plane had crashed and no one survived. However, many years later, the plane landed, and the people on the plane only felt that it had been a while.

It was also said that a group of soldiers had walked into the thick fog and disappeared without a trace. They had reappeared many years later, but to their senses, they had only been walking in the thick fog for a short while.

Whether it was time travel or space travel, the experts would always find various explanations, such as wormholes and so on. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

In short, Xia ruofei did not need to care about what Puyol and the rest were going to face next.

The cruise ship quickly lifted its anchor and sailed away. With the sound of the whistle, it gradually disappeared from Xia ruofei’s sight.

Xia ruofei heaved a sigh of relief. He had finally resolved one thing.

He had always felt guilty towards these survivors. After all, if he had not opened the array barrier, so many innocent survivors would not have died in the snake’s stomach. This time, he could help Puyol and the other lucky ones to return to civilized society. It could be considered as compensation to them.

Xia ruofei was lying on the wooden raft that was drifting with the waves. Under him was a soft sleeping bag. The tent was filled with the unique fragrance of a baby.

After resting for a while, he sat up and took out the Golden core from the space with a flip of his hand.

After Puyol and the others left, no one would disturb Xia ruofei on the vast sea. He decided to absorb the Golden elixir first.

As for why they were on this simple raft instead of the comfortable big yacht, the reason was simple. The last time Xia ruofei had stored the yacht in the medium at the critical moment, he felt that his mental power was a little beyond his control. He still had lingering fears when he thought about the feeling of his head splitting open. He really did not want to experience it again.