Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

2172 A skyrocketing cultivation level (2)

Although he had to bring the azmu yacht to the outside world, or else there would be no way to return to land, he would drag it for as long as he could. He was not in a hurry anyway.

According to Xia Qing, he should be able to directly absorb the pure energy in the Golden core.

Xia ruofei adjusted his state and sat cross – legged in the tent on the raft. He held the Golden core in his hands and silently circulated the “great Dao technique”.

As soon as the technique started, Xia ruofei felt a huge amount of energy flowing into his meridians.

If ordinary cultivators cultivated at midnight and dawn, absorbing the poor spiritual Qi was like an intermittent stream, then cultivating with spiritual crystals was like a wide river. If he used origin crystals, it would be like a surging River.

However, whether he used spirit crystals or origin crystals, they paled in comparison to absorbing the Golden core.

Absorbing the energy of the Golden elixir gave Xia ruofei the feeling that the energy was like an endless wave, or like a large river during a flood. He didn’t need to absorb it deliberately as it just gushed into his body.

Xia ruofei’s Foundation in cultivation was very solid. His meridians were also very wide and tough. However, when he absorbed the energy of the Golden core this time, he actually felt that his meridians were slightly swollen and even ached.

It was obvious that the energy had reached the limit that his meridians could withstand.

Xia ruofei’s heart skipped a beat and he quickly slowed down his absorption.

Even so, his cultivation speed was still many times faster than when he usually used spiritual crystals to cultivate.

Normally, after one circulation, the true Qi in the dantian would increase by a little. Unless one deliberately checked, the total amount of true Qi would actually change very little.

However, it was completely different today.

Xia ruofei could clearly feel that his genuine Qi had increased by 10% after he had only circulated his Qi according to the technique.

Xia ruofei was shocked by the absorption rate.

This meant that there was basically no loss of energy, and the amount of energy absorbed would be converted into true Qi. It was simply a little unbelievable.

Although the spiritual energy in a spiritual crystal was very pure, it would always be consumed during cultivation. Moreover, a large amount of spiritual energy could only be transformed into a trace of true Qi.

The energy of this golden core was actually primordial Qi, which was even one level higher than true Qi. Therefore, after being absorbed, it could basically be converted into true Qi.

In this way, how could the cultivation efficiency not be high?

Xia ruofei had only cultivated for a short while and he could already feel that the genuine Qi in his dantian was almost full.

This meant that his cultivation had already reached the peak of refined Qi Level 6.

Xia ruofei didn’t stop. He continued to use the great Dao technique.

His dantian continued to produce true Qi. Since it had reached saturation, the true Qi in his dantian began to compress.

Without much effort, Xia ruofei felt the true Qi in his dantian suddenly shrink. The originally full dantian became empty again.

Although the amount of true Qi that had been compressed seemed to have decreased, the energy contained in each wisp of true Qi was several times more than before.

He felt refreshed, and his entire person felt like he was floating.

In this short period of time, his cultivation had already broken through to refined Qi Level 7.

Moreover, he almost didn’t feel any bottlenecks. The process of breaking through was even more smooth, with no obstacles at all. Just like that, he naturally reached the realm of refined Qi Level 7.

Xia ruofei opened his eyes and looked at the Golden elixir in his hand. It was only one circle less. At most, only one – tenth of it had been consumed.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but feel a burst of joy. The energy of the Golden elixir was too pure. The cultivation effect was much better than he had expected!

He even thought that if he had eight or ten golden cores, not to mention breaking through to the Golden core stage, even the original infant stage would not be a problem! Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

However, Xia ruofei knew that it was unrealistic.

On one hand, the cultivation environment was so bad. According to Daoist priest bi youzi, even the Masters above the Yuanying stage had left earth to look for opportunities, and the ones left behind were all low – Level cultivators. In such an environment, how many golden core cultivators could there be? Where would there be so many golden cores for Xia ruofei to hunt?

Secondly, even if there were so many golden core cultivators, would they stupidly swallow Xia ruofei into their stomachs like the purple – blooded spiritual Python and then let Xia ruofei cut open their stomachs? Under normal circumstances, Xia ruofei would not be a match for a cultivator in the Golden core stage. By then, it would not be him who would be hunting for the Golden core of others, but others who would come and steal his treasures.

Besides, Xia ruofei was clear that haste makes waste in cultivation. It was fine to absorb a golden elixir, but if he cultivated by absorbing the Golden elixir, his Foundation would not be strong enough. Even if he could improve his cultivation, it would not be worth it.

Xia ruofei was only distracted for a short while before he immediately went back to his cultivation. He slowly absorbed the energy of the Golden elixir and consolidated his cultivation.

The raft continued to move up and down with the waves, and time passed.

When Xia ruofei started cultivating, the sun had just risen from the sea. As the sun slowly rose to the center and then slowly sank into the sea in the West, night fell. Xia ruofei was still sitting in his tent, not moving.

The Golden core in his hand had already shrunk to the size of a tennis ball.

At this moment, Xia ruofei’s body was exuding a sharp aura. For the whole day, Xia ruofei had been absorbing the energy of the Golden elixir without stopping.

His cultivation had just gone from refined Qi Level 6 to refined Qi Level 7, and by the afternoon, he had broken through again. Similarly, he did not encounter any bottlenecks and directly entered the realm of refined Qi level 8.

He was probably the cultivator who had stayed at lianqi Level 7 for the shortest amount of time, less than a day’s time.

After breaking through to refined Qi level 8, the energy in the Golden core was still not exhausted.

Hence, after Xia ruofei had consolidated his cultivation, he continued to absorb energy in one go.

One thing he was sure of was that after absorbing the moonlight for more than a thousand years, the purpleblood spirit Python was definitely at the peak of the Golden core stage, although it was still at the Golden core stage.

If he had just entered the Golden core stage, he would only be one level higher than lianqi level 9. Although it was a big realm difference, it was impossible for the Golden core to contain so much energy.

Xia ruofei could not feel the passage of time when he was cultivating.

When he had absorbed all the energy in the Golden core, he found that the sky outside was already full of stars.

With a flip of his hand, he took out his phone from the mountain and sea realm spatial space to look at the time. He realized that it was already past eight in the evening.

At the same time, Xia ruofei checked his cultivation.

Refined Qi level 8, and his dantian was almost full. In other words, he was not far from breaking through to refined Qi level 9.

If the Golden elixir had 10% more energy, Xia ruofei felt that he could definitely reach lianqi level 9 in one go.

However, one shouldn’t be so greedy. To be able to cultivate directly from refined Qi Level 6 to the peak of refined Qi level 8 in one day was already a great opportunity. It was absolutely something that could only be encountered by luck and not sought.

Xia ruofei was still very excited even though he had not eaten or drunk anything for the whole day.

The feeling of absorbing energy like a whale and his cultivation base rising at a speed visible to the naked eye was simply too wonderful.

As long as his cultivation level improved one more step, he would be at refined Qi level 9.

This was also the last stage of the Qi refining stage.

Once he reached refined Qi level 9, he would not be far from forming a golden core.

Xia ruofei still remembered bi youzi’s words. If he wanted to completely refine the mansion – guarding wooden token, he had to reach the nascent Soul Stage.

He had not even condensed his golden core, so how could he talk about his nascent soul?

Hence, Xia ruofei suddenly felt that there was a long way to go.

However, he had already cultivated for a day, so he was not in a hurry to continue using spirit crystals or origin crystals to cultivate. Instead, he took out the spirit map scroll with a thought.

There were still 25 world stones in the spatial ring! It was time for the spirit map to absorb them all!