Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

2173 Spiritual power breakthrough (1)

Just as Xia ruofei was about to control the spirit map to absorb the world stone in the space, he suddenly stopped.

After a whole day of cultivation, not only did Yingying’s true energy cultivation successfully break through to the peak of refined Qi level 8, but it seemed that ... Her spiritual power cultivation also broke through.

All this while, Xia ruofei’s spiritual power cultivation had been higher than his true Qi cultivation. When he was still at Level 6 of the Qi refining realm, his true Qi cultivation had already reached the spirit evolution realm, which was equivalent to the late stage of the Qi refining realm, which was the standard of level 8 or 9 of the Qi refining realm.

Just now, when Xia ruofei took out the spirit map scroll, he used his spiritual power and realized that his spiritual power had unknowingly broken through to the spirit gathering realm. This was equivalent to the cultivation of the Golden core stage!

In the Qi refinement stage, the cultivation of spiritual power was divided into three stages: spiritual movement, spiritual palpitations, and spiritual evolution. They corresponded to the Qi refinement stage’s first to third levels, fourth to sixth levels, and seventh to ninth levels, respectively.

If he continued to improve, his spiritual power would enter the spirit gathering realm, which was equivalent to the cultivation of the Golden core stage.

After that, there would be the spiritform realm that corresponded to the nascent Soul Stage and the Saint spirit realm that corresponded to the primordial soul Stage.

In other words, Xia ruofei’s cultivation had not reached the Golden core stage yet, but his spiritual power cultivation had already crossed a large realm and reached the spirit gathering stage.

This made Xia ruofei both surprised and happy.

The spirit gathering realm, as its name suggested, meant that when one’s spiritual power reached this realm, there would be a fundamental change in the soul.

Xia ruofei sensed it and immediately found the wonder.

He could clearly feel the niwan Palace where his soul was located. In other words, he could completely see what was inside his niwan Palace. This was impossible when he was in the spirit evolution stage. He only truly experienced the existence of a soul when he was in a deeper level of joint training with Song Wei.

But now, as long as he concentrated, he could immediately feel the state of his soul in his niwan Palace.

When one’s soul became more condensed and powerful, one would reach the spirit gathering realm.

Correspondingly, the change in the quantity of his mind power had led to a qualitative change. Every strand of mind power had become more condensed, and the range of his mind power had also increased by more than ten times.

Xia ruofei expanded his spiritual power to the limit and realized that he could clearly sense everything within five to six kilometers. His spiritual Power’s penetration had also increased. In the past, when he encountered walls, metal, or some liquid, his spiritual power would be hindered. However, this hindrance was much smaller now.

There were still many changes. For example, he could use his mental power to achieve an effect similar to “teleportation.” Now, this ability had been greatly enhanced.

Xia ruofei examined the many changes brought about by the breakthrough of his spiritual power with great interest. He was overjoyed.

He even wanted to try to take the yacht out of the space to see if it would still be like the night when he had to store the yacht in the space in an emergency during the storm. He had a splitting headache from overload.

However, Xia ruofei held back his impulse.

He decided to let the space absorb the world stone first.

This time, he had obtained a total of 25 world stones. In addition to the few world stones that remained after the space’s upgrade, he had let the space absorb them.

If his judgment was correct, the realm could at least upgrade another level this time.

Putting aside the many changes brought about by the upgrade of the space, Xia ruofei was very clear that every time the space was upgraded, his compatibility with the space would increase accordingly, and his control over the space would be strengthened.

In this case, it would be easier to store and withdraw items in the space.

Xia ruofei felt that he should wait until the realm was upgraded. It would be much easier to take out the yacht then.

Therefore, he reached out and picked up the spirit painting scroll. Then, his mind moved slightly.

In the spirit map world, the 25 world stones that were suspended in an independent space cage immediately broke free from the cage.

One of the world stones glowed faintly and began to fade and become brittle at a speed visible to the naked eye.

At the same time, a mysterious energy of the laws permeated the surroundings of the world stone. Xia ruofei was very familiar with this energy. It was the energy of the laws of space. This aura quickly blended into the entire space.

Two, three ...

One by one, the world stones released all their essence under the power of space, turning into unremarkable waste stones.

Even though he was mentally prepared, Xia ruofei could not help but feel apprehensive when he saw that there was no change after the spirit painting had absorbed 20 world stones.

He clearly remembered that he had absorbed about 14 world stones before the space started to upgrade.

Could it be that he was going to double it this time to 28?

Then the world stones on hand would not be enough!

‘If I had known earlier, I wouldn’t have given the White realm Fox so many ...’ Xia ruofei thought to himself.

If the white fox knew Xia ruofei’s thoughts, it would definitely remember that the distribution of the shares was already very unfair to the stomping Chenchen. Do you think that you haven’t exploited me enough? 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Of course, the White realmfox was in a deep sleep – like state and did not react to the changes in the outside world.

If it was awake and saw the delicious world stones being absorbed by the spirit map space, it would definitely be heartbroken.

Other than being worried about not having enough world stones, Xia ruofei had another hidden worry. The amount of world stones that the spatial zone could absorb was increasing. This time, it was already over 20 world stones. Wouldn’t it be over 40 next time? And the next time?