2174 Spiritual power breakthrough (2)

The world stone was something that could only be found by luck and not by searching for it. He didn’t know where to find it next time!

After the space had been upgraded to this level, it would be impossible to upgrade by absorbing Jade. The amount of Jade needed would be massive. Perhaps in the later stages, it might not even be enough to absorb an entire jade mine.

If he wanted to upgrade his spatial dimension, the only way was to absorb world stones.

The good thing was that Xia ruofei had found the realm stone in the green touring immortal abode. He had some guesses that the realm stone might not be a particularly precious item in the ancient cultivation world. Otherwise, Daoist priest bi youzi would not have placed them together with some miscellaneous items.

Or there was another possibility. There were very few cultivators who cultivated the laws of space. Even bi youzi did not know the main function of the world stone. Perhaps it was because there were other uses for the world stone, so he kept it.

No matter which possibility it was, it all meant one thing. If they could find more ruins left behind by cultivators, it was very likely that they would find more world stones.

If he could find an immortal’s cave left behind by a cultivator who specialized in the laws of space, he might be able to find even more boundary stones.

According to what bi youzi said, cultivators above the nascent Soul Stage had left earth to search for opportunities. There should be quite a number of them. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

It was impossible for so many cultivators at the nascent Soul Stage and above to have descendants and juniors from their sects. There were bound to be a few who were alone, or like bi youzi, who left their immortal’s caves to the fated ones even if they had a sect.

Xia ruofei felt that he should visit more famous mountains, great rivers, or overseas in the future. His main goal was to find the cave abodes left behind by the ancient cultivators.

As Xia ruofei’s imagination ran wild, the spirit map continued to absorb the world stone.

Finally, when the 24th world stone was absorbed, Xia ruofei could clearly feel that the space rules in the spirit map world had become a little chaotic.

Xia ruofei had some experience with this. He knew that this was a sign of the realm’s upgrade. He was full of anticipation as he observed the situation in the realm.

Sure enough, as the 24th world stone was absorbed and fell to the ground, the spatial rules in the spirit map world seemed to have reached a bottleneck. They were constantly compressed and changed in the chaotic flow. Finally, after all the laws were compressed to the extreme, they seemed to have broken free of a shackle and rapidly began to reorganize.

Xia ruofei could clearly feel that the space rules in the spirit map world had become clearer.

At the same time, within the mountain and sea realm, the mountains were growing with a loud rumble. The land was rapidly expanding outwards, and the sea was also continuously extending outwards ...

This scene was as if the creator was using his endless magic power.

It was also because of the breakthrough in his spiritual power that Xia ruofei could clearly sense the spatial membrane wall of the entire mountain sea realm expanding outward.

It was like a balloon that had been blown up, continuously expanding its boundary.

The process of upgrading the spirit map world did not take long, and the dust settled in a short while.

In the process of restructuring and perfecting the space rules, wisps of rule aura passed through the White sector Fox’s body, and the light on its body seemed to be even brighter ...

Xia ruofei’s spiritual power swept over the little fellow and realized that its vitality had become even more vigorous. However, it still showed no signs of waking up.

Xia ruofei thought to himself,’could it be that the upgrade of the space has affected the realm Fox as well? Please don’t cause it to go berserk ...

In the space, the only remaining world stone was still floating alone.

Xia ruofei thought for a while and did not control the space to continue absorbing it.

It was foreseeable that he would need at least thirty to forty world stones for the next upgrade. Absorbing one more world stone would not have much of an effect.

He might as well save it for a rainy day, in case the White realm Fox went crazy from hunger again. He couldn’t just watch this little guy starve to death!

Although Xia ruofei was very strict with the white fox, he was actually a soft – hearted person. If this little fellow’s life was in danger, Xia ruofei would definitely not be so heartless as to ignore it.

With a thought, he immediately constructed a stable small space and wrapped the only realm stone in it. He then placed it high up in the space. Even if it was a backup dry food for the White realm Fox, he had to hide it well and not let it find out. Otherwise, this little fellow would definitely pretend to be pitiful and keep asking for it.

Xia ruofei was only using his mind to maintain contact with the spirit map space in the outside world. He checked on the upgraded space and did not enter it.

He wanted to retrieve the azmu yacht first.

This was because his top priority was to return to land as soon as possible.

Originally, he was still in the East Sea, and it would not take much time to return to land. However, a storm brought him to the green Immortal Island, and when he left, he was already in the Indian Ocean.

If they returned to the three mountains from here, they would most likely not have enough fuel.

Xia ruofei looked at the general location on the GPS and felt that it was closer to Australia than to China.

He had to plan the shortest route as soon as possible. Even if he couldn’t return to the three mountains, he had to at least reach a port in the country so that he could refuel at the port.

After all, his yacht was directly registered as a Chinese citizen. He did not apply for a visa from another country, so it was impossible for him to enter the territorial waters of another country.

Even if he had the authority to enter the territorial waters of other countries or even ports, he could not go!

According to the yacht’s theoretical range, it was impossible for him to drive to any port nearby from the three mountains. The reason why he could sail such a long distance was entirely because he had stored hundreds of tons of fuel in his space.

However, his departure from the three mountains was recorded. By then, Xia ruofei would not be able to explain.

Therefore, he could only try his best to reach a port in the country, and it had to be a port that the yacht could open from the three mountains with a full tank of oil. After replenishing the oil, he could return to the three mountains.

This would require the yacht’s Positioning System and main control computer to assist in planning a route.

Xia ruofei took a deep breath and focused on the yacht floating in the sea of space. He was a little nervous.

After the realm had been upgraded, his mental connection with the realm had become closer, and his control of the realm had obviously improved. In addition, his spiritual power had broken through a major realm. Logically speaking, he should have the ability to control and take out the yacht. However, when he thought of the feeling he had when he put the yacht into the realm that night, he could not help but feel a lingering fear.

This wasn’t just a problem of overusing one’s mental strength or having a headache. If one overused their mental strength, it could cause permanent damage to their soul.

That was why Xia ruofei had a close call the last time.

Now that things had come to this, he couldn’t back down. After gathering his courage, he finally made up his mind. With a slight thought, he controlled the yacht and moved it out of the space.

Xia ruofei felt as if his spiritual energy was being sucked away by a high – Power vacuum. It was only for a moment, but he felt like he was losing strength.

Fortunately, the yacht soon appeared outside, about half a meter above the sea. It landed with a bang, setting off a wave, causing the raft to shake and drift away from the yacht.

With a thought, Xia ruofei kept the tent in his space. The tent was still intact and it was not a good habit to waste.

At the same time, he tapped his feet on the simple deck of the raft and leaped up lightly, landing smoothly on the rear deck of the azmu yacht.

Looking at the luxurious and comfortable yacht, Xia ruofei felt as if it was a lifetime ago.

The traces left by the storm that night were still there. Some tables, chairs, and sofas that were placed in the open were not cleaned up. Xia ruofei did not have the time to deal with these minor details these few days.

He went straight into the cockpit, connected the power, and turned on the main computer.