Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

2186 Just a little bit more (2)

It was precisely because his spiritual power had reached the spirit gathering realm that Xia ruofei was more or less confident. Hence, he wanted to come and give it a try.

Even if he couldn’t succeed, he could at least experience how big the gap was.

That was what he was thinking now.

After Xia ruofei entered the cave, he immediately strode towards the stone platform.

Now, there were only two green protective enchantments on the stone platform. One of them contained the heaven jade talisman, and the other contained a Jade box.

Xia ruofei did not know what was in the jade box as his spiritual power could not penetrate it.

However, since it was placed in the last barrier, it was obvious that the item in the jade box was more precious than the heaven, earth, and man talismans in the eyes of the original owner of the spirit map space. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Xia ruofei was still looking forward to the jade box. However, he did not think too much about it because he knew that it was impossible to open it in a short period of time. The strength of the protective barrier increased gradually. With his current cultivation, he would probably have a hard time opening the barrier of the heaven jade talisman. He did not even need to think about opening the jade box now.

Xia ruofei came to the stone platform and stood still. He looked at the heaven jade talisman and couldn’t help but feel envious.

He knew very well that the heaven word jade talisman would definitely contain the seventh to ninth levels of the great Dao technique. Only by obtaining the heaven word jade talisman would the great Dao technique be considered complete.

Although Xia ruofei, who was in the aura refining stage, could only practice the first level of the cultivation technique, this did not stop him from having a strong desire to get the complete “great Dao formula” cultivation technique.

After all, as long as he broke through to the Golden core stage, he would be able to cultivate the second and even third layers of the cultivation technique.

According to his experience with the previous two Jade talismans, other than the last part of the ‘great Dao chant’, there should be other inheritance content in the Jade talismans. For example, the earth character jade talisman contained an extremely profound inheritance of array Dao knowledge.

And what kind of inheritance content would be in this heaven jade talisman, which was one level higher? Xia ruofei was also full of anticipation.

He took a deep breath and stretched out his hand, slowly pressing it on the green protective barrier.

Then, his mental energy surged wildly, and a large amount of invisible spatial power immediately gathered in his hand, launching wave after wave of attacks at the protective barrier.

The green light of the protective barrier grew brighter and the barrier began to sink in under Xia ruofei’s pressure.

Xia ruofei could feel that the protective barrier was extremely tough. In the process of breaking it, the reaction force he had to bear was also increasing exponentially.

One minute, two minutes ...

Gradually, Xia ruofei’s palm sank into the light film of the barrier.

The veins on his forehead began to show, and his body couldn’t help but tremble slightly.

In fact, after Xia ruofei’s space was upgraded, his compatibility with the entire spirit map space had increased again. Naturally, the amount of invisible spatial force that he could use with his spiritual power had increased.

Moreover, his spiritual power had broken through a major realm.

Hence, Xia ruofei felt that he still had some energy left in his spiritual power.

However, his body could not withstand so much spatial power.

One must know that when breaking the array, the spatial force had to pass through Xia ruofei’s body as a medium to act on the light film of the array.

As the power of space grew stronger, the pressure Xia ruofei had to bear grew as well.

He gritted his teeth and persevered, but he gradually felt that his body had reached its limit.

Suddenly, he heard a light cracking sound, and a sharp pain came from his palm.

Xia ruofei’s heart trembled. He decisively withdrew his spiritual power and the invisible spatial force gradually dissipated.

Xia ruofei’s face turned bitter. He could already feel the cracks in his palm.

“My body is still not strong enough ...” Xia ruofei mumbled to himself with a bitter smile.

With a wave of his hand, a box on the stone table beside him opened by itself, and a spirit Heart Flower petal slowly floated towards him.

Xia ruofei released his spiritual power and sucked the petal into his palm. At the same time, he put his palms together.

The moment the petals of the spirit Heart Flower came into contact with a human body, they immediately melted like snowflakes coming into contact with sunlight. They completely integrated into Xia ruofei’s body, leaving no residue behind.

At the same time, Xia ruofei could feel that his injured palm was healing at an extremely fast speed.

Actually, Xia ruofei could also take the spirit Heart Flower petal solution. The effect would be the same.

However, the area of his injury was on his metacarpal bone, so he could directly absorb the petals of the spirit Heart Flower in his palm, and the effect was even better.

This was also because he had already saved up quite a number of spirit Heart Flower petals during this period of time, so he didn’t use them with a “whoosh whoosh” sound.

Xia ruofei felt that his injuries had healed in a short time and his body had returned to its best state.

As for his spiritual power, he had not used all his strength just now, so he naturally did not need to recover much. With a little rest, his spiritual power would recover to its peak.

“It seems like I need to be at least at the peak of lianqi level 9 to get this heaven jade talisman,” Xia ruofei mumbled to himself.”I might even need to be at the Golden core stage!”

He couldn’t help but look at the last Jade box. If even the protective enchantment of the heaven word jade talisman was so difficult to break, what about the protective enchantment of this Jade box? To what extent did it have to be?

Could it be that only those at the original infant stage could break it? Xia ruofei couldn’t help but have such a thought.

However, he couldn’t think that far for the time being. Since he couldn’t do anything about the two protective barriers for the time being, he didn’t think too much about it. Anyway, the things were in the space and couldn’t fly. As long as his cultivation was enough, he would naturally get them.

It was just like the mansion – guarding wooden token that had been absorbed into his body and was constantly being refined.

Although he might not be able to completely refine it in a short time, it was only a matter of time.

They were already in his bag, so there was no need to be anxious.

Xia ruofei left the cave in a flash. Then, he hopped onto the all – terrain vehicle at the foot of the mountain and started to speed through the vast land of the mountain sea realm.

In fact, Xia ruofei’s compatibility with the space was already very high. As long as he willed it, he could appear anywhere in the space. However, he still enjoyed the feeling of driving an all – terrain vehicle and patrolling his own territory.

Xia ruofei did not intend to drive around the space. Since the space had expanded to a large area, it would take a lot of time to drive around.

He drove the all – terrain vehicle to the beach, and in a flash, he appeared on the azmu yacht.

Xia ruofei started the engine of the yacht and drove it out.

With the expansion of the space, the ocean finally felt boundless. It was no longer like before, where one could vaguely see the space membrane in the distance just by standing on the beach.

Xia ruofei stood on the yacht and looked at the vast ocean in front of him. His heart was filled with emotions.

He thought back to when he had first obtained the spirit map, and it had only been a mere mu of land. Later, as the spatial zone had upgraded, its area had also become larger and larger. Later on, an even larger spatial zone like the mountain and sea realm had even appeared.

By now, the mountain and sea realm had already expanded to the point where one could not even see the spatial membrane walls with their extreme vision.

Xia ruofei suddenly had an idea.

The next moment, he disappeared together with the yacht and appeared at the end of the space sea.

The space membrane was right in front of the yacht.

With another thought, Xia ruofei returned to the beach, leaving the yacht far away.

He looked in the direction of the yacht and realized that he could not see it.

Of course, he could easily sense the yacht’s location.

Then, Xia ruofei used the invisible force of space to gently push the yacht towards the shore.

Xia ruofei could feel that the distance between him and the yacht was getting shorter.

Then, Xia ruofei’s eyes lit up as the yacht appeared in his sight!

To be more precise, the upper part of the yacht, which was the top part of the deck, appeared in his field of vision ...