Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

2187 Caught on the spot (1)

Xia ruofei continued to use his spatial power to push the yacht forward slowly.

In his field of vision, the yacht gradually came into view ...

In ancient times, due to the limitation of knowledge, the theory of a round sky and a round earth had dominated the world for a long time. As some phenomena were noticed, people gradually realized that the earth under their feet was not flat, but likely to be a sphere.

One of the most representative examples was that in the boundless sea, if a ship sailed over from a distant place, the first thing it would see would be the mast on the ship.

This meant that the ocean wasn’t flat, but had a certain curvature.

Now, such a scene had also appeared in the sea of space, which meant that after the space continued to evolve and upgrade, the land and sea were also not flat.

Xia ruofei’s body flashed and he appeared on the yacht. He mumbled to himself,””In other words ... If this space continues to evolve, it will become a planet? If it was in the outside world, outside the earth was the endless deep space and the boundless universe. If this space became a planet, what was beyond it? Can we continue to expand?”

Xia ruofei’s mind could not help but explore the space membrane.

The tough space membrane was like a balloon. As the space was upgraded, this “balloon” kept getting bigger. Xia ruofei could not see clearly what was happening outside the balloon. He could only vaguely feel countless space turbulence.

He was sure that if he were to enter such an environment, he would probably be turned into dust in an instant. It would be useless even if his cultivation broke through a few major realms. As long as he entered, he might not even be able to hold on for a breath.

Xia ruofei stood on the yacht and looked at the sea and the coastline in the distance. The anticipation in his heart grew stronger and stronger.

The spirit map world seemed to have only revealed the tip of the iceberg to him. Xia ruofei did not dare to imagine how far it could evolve.

“Hahaha! Why do you care so much?” Xia ruofei laughed heartily.”I just have to do my best to find the world stone. As long as this space can continue to upgrade, I’m willing to find all the world stones on earth. When the world stones on earth are used up, I’ll search for them in the universe. Daoist priest bi youzi can escape into the starry sky, so can I!”

His heart was filled with Endless Pride.

Of course, he was able to have such confidence because of the resources he had.

With the spirit map space as a blessed land, a large number of spiritual crystals, origin crystals, and top – notch cultivation techniques, it was not difficult for Xia ruofei to reach the nascent Soul Stage.

He laughed and restarted the yacht, speeding towards the coast.

……

After returning to the outside world, Xia ruofei sorted out his gains.

The two hundred origin crystals, along with the small box, had already been placed in the mountain sea realm’s cave, together with the spirit crystals.

Xia Qing had also finished processing all the usable materials on the body of the purpleblood spirit Python. As for the remaining internal organs and bones, Xia ruofei had already thrown them away when they were at sea.

In addition, he also obtained a precious mansion – guarding wooden token.

This mansion – guarding wooden token was still in the process of being refined. After it was kept in his dantian, Xia ruofei had divided a trace of his spiritual energy to control it. Other than when he was in deep sleep, the refining process was ongoing all the time.

However, his current cultivation was still very low. Even if his spiritual power had broken through to the spirit gathering realm, which was equivalent to the Golden core stage, he could only rely on painstaking efforts to refine the house – guarding wooden token. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Xia ruofei sensed for a while and realized that after these days of continuous refining, the progress of the mansion – guarding wooden token had almost reached one percent. At this speed, it would take a few years to complete the refining.

Of course, Xia ruofei could also use the time array flags to stack the time while he was at the Archean realm. This way, he would only need a few days of time in the outside world to refine the mansion – guarding wooden token.

However, he would definitely not do that.

Although only a few days had passed in the outside world, Xia ruofei had to stay in the formation for a few years. This was unacceptable to him.

Moreover, he wasn’t waiting for the green touring immortal abode to save his life, so he didn’t feel any sense of urgency. He felt quite good refining it day by day.

Xia ruofei felt that he would go crazy if he were to stay in the small array formation of the Archean realm for a few years.

Moreover, if he were to use the time acceleration in the formation to implement it whenever he needed it, wouldn’t he age very quickly?

Hence, Xia ruofei chose to refine it step by step and did not think about any shortcuts.

In addition to the mansion – guarding wooden token, he also had a flying sword in his dantian. The blue immortal sword was undoubtedly a very important trump card for Xia ruofei.

With it, even if Xia ruofei were to face an opponent who was stronger than him, he would have more confidence. Ordinary cultivators would never expect Xia ruofei to have a flying sword. Under unexpected circumstances, it was absolutely possible for the weak to win against the strong.

After taking stock of his gains, Xia ruofei suddenly remembered that he had harvested a few fruits by the cold pond above green touring immortal abode.

There were more than ten dark red and dark purple fruits in total.

Xia ruofei had already tried it. The dark red fruit could improve one’s physique and even directly produce true Qi in one’s body. It was similar to the Scarlet fruit in wuxia novels where eating one fruit could increase one’s cultivation by decades. On the other hand, the dark purple fruit was used to nourish the soul and was very beneficial to the improvement of mental power.