Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

2204 Joint cultivation of the spirit and body part Because of the previous experience of cultivating with Song Wei, he was very clear that even if the two spiritual bodies carried out the most primitive and instinctive movement, it would not affect the operation of the &quot;Scripture of the primogenitor&quot;. In fact, when the two spiritual bodies merged, the effect of cultivation would be better.

Hence, Xia ruofei would not suppress his human instincts.

Just like that, the two people’s souls were unknowingly entangled together.

If the joy of the two souls touching each other when their palms touched was 1, then the joy of the souls being entangled together and starting the most primitive movement of human instinct was at least 100, or even higher.

The two of them quickly immersed themselves in this boundless pleasure, to the point that they completely forgot that they were cultivating.

Fortunately, even though the two of them did not control it with their consciousness, both their physical bodies and Ling Qingxue’s soul in her sea of consciousness were still instinctively circulating the &quot;absolute beginning Heart Sutra&quot;.

Xia ruofei had already experienced this before. It was like when the two spirits combined their cultivation. When their spirits started to merge and intertwine, the cultivation of the &quot;Scripture of the primogenitor&quot; would enter a special state. There was no need for the two of them to control it at all, and the cultivation speed would be faster.

It was the same this time.

The two’s mental energy blended together and circulated between the spirit bodies according to the &lt;&lt;the primordial heart Sutra&gt;&gt; cultivation technique.

In this process, their spiritual energy was also constantly growing.

On the black stone tablet in Ling Qingxue’s sea of consciousness, the thin golden line beside the thick golden line was also becoming more and more solid.

This was a sign that his spiritual power was growing rapidly.

At the same time, in the bodies of the two people outside, wisps of true Qi were constantly being produced from their dantian.

This was the ultimate mode of the &quot;absolute beginning Scripture&quot; cultivation. Under the situation of both internal and external cultivation, the cultivation efficiency was several times higher than the simple joint cultivation.

In addition, there was an endless supply of origin crystals to support the energy. The two of them benefited greatly in this kind of cultivation state.

In the state of selflessness, the two of them could not feel the passage of time. They could only rely on their instincts to constantly intertwine and merge.

Finally, with a shiver, the two souls separated unwillingly.

At this time, the two people outside were still using the &quot;absolute beginning Heart Sutra&quot; cultivation technique, but the cultivation efficiency had dropped by a lot.

In fact, this was the normal efficiency of joint training. However, compared to the &quot;advanced mode&quot; just now, this efficiency seemed too low.

Xia ruofei’s spiritual energy, which had been condensed into a soul, gradually moved away from Ling Qingxue’s soul. When he had left a certain range, his spiritual energy turned back into a thick golden light.

Before leaving the black stone Island, Xia ruofei scanned the black stone tablet with his spiritual power. He was delighted to find that there were three golden lines on it, one thick and two thin. The two thin golden lines were almost solid. Beside them, he could also see a faint golden line.

It was obvious that Ling Qingxue’s spiritual power had made a breakthrough after this round of cultivation. She had already reached the middle stage of the spirit heart realm and was only a paper window away from the late stage.

Although the effect of the first combined cultivation was the strongest and might not be as good in the future, Xia ruofei was still very happy.

His spiritual power quickly passed through the ocean formed by the chaotic airflow and left Ling Qingxue’s consciousness.

The two of them had a high level of tacit understanding. After Xia ruofei’s spiritual power withdrew from Ling Qingxue’s sea of consciousness, the two of them ended their cultivation very quickly.

Xia ruofei was not in a hurry to collect the time array flags. He looked at Ling Qingxue with a faint smile on his face.

At this moment, Ling Qingxue’s pretty face was still flushed. Under Xia ruofei’s burning gaze, she could not help but glance at Xia ruofei flirtatiously and said coyly,&quot;&quot;Hooligan!&quot;

Xia ruofei’s eyes widened and he said innocently,&quot;&quot;What did I do? How are you a hooligan?&quot;

Ling Qingxue said with a hint of shyness,&quot;&quot;You can even come up with so many tricks in your cultivation, what are you if not a hooligan?&quot;

Xia ruofei immediately cried out,&quot;&quot;This is the correct cultivation method of the&quot; absolute beginning Scripture. &quot;Previously, it was just that your cultivation level had not reached the requirements, so you did not carry out the spirit body Fusion cultivation. Qingxue, your thinking is wrong! I’ve been cultivating properly. Why did I become a hooligan when I’m with you?&quot;

Ling Qingxue couldn’t help but feel embarrassed. She said coyly,&quot;&quot;Who created this cultivation technique! How could there be such a cultivation method ...&quot;

Xia ruofei deliberately said in a serious tone,&quot;you can’t comment on senior cultivators!&quot; To be able to create such an amazing cultivation technique and to have such a good cultivation effect, he must be a genius among geniuses!&quot;

Xia ruofei’s words were not an exaggeration. He had read so many cultivation classics and understood so many cultivation techniques. The &quot;absolute beginning Heart Sutra&quot; was indeed the only one. It could be said to be a unique path. Without the imagination and creativity of a genius, it was absolutely impossible to create such a technique.

Ling Qingxue stuck out her tongue and said,&quot;&quot;Oh! I’m wrong ...&quot;

Xia ruofei laughed.&quot;Wife,&quot; he said.&quot;Actually, there’s another great benefit to this technique.&quot;

&quot;What benefits?&quot; Ling Qingxue asked curiously.

&quot;Save on toilet paper!&quot; Xia ruofei laughed evilly.

Ling Qingxue was stunned at first, then her face flushed red. She could not help but glare at Xia ruofei.

Xia ruofei was still smiling.&quot;Think about it! In the future, if we want to have sex, we can just cultivate. It’s simply a win – win situation! And the pleasure of cultivation and the real sex ...&quot;

&quot;Don’t say anymore!&quot; Ling Qingxue interrupted Xia ruofei’s words with a red face and ears. She couldn’t help but reach out and hit Xia ruofei’s body lightly.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but laugh. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Although Ling Qingxue was shy as a girl and didn’t want to talk too much about spirit and body combined cultivation, the pleasure from the direct contact on the soul level had also left a deep impression on her.

She thought about Xia ruofei’s words and had to admit that this kind of spirit body combination cultivation was indeed more comfortable than the two of them having sex in bed ...

Ling Qingxue couldn’t help but blush at that thought. What kind of nonsense is this in my head! Hmph! He must have been led astray by RUO Fei ...

She could not help but glare at Xia ruofei.

Xia ruofei did not know what was going on and shrugged innocently.

Then, Xia ruofei smiled and said,&quot;&quot;Wife, don’t just be shy! Have you noticed that your cultivation has improved by a large margin after this cultivation session?&quot;

Ling Qingxue was slightly taken aback. She had been completely engrossed in the spirit body Fusion cultivation and had completely forgotten about herself. After the cultivation ended, she had really been too shy to check her own cultivation level.

Thus, Ling Qingxue sensed it and immediately revealed a look of disbelief. Her delicate cherry – like mouth was wide open, and her entire person was stunned.

&quot;I ... I broke through again ...&quot; Ling Qingxue was dumbfounded. After a long while, she said,&quot;RUO Fei, my spiritual power has reached the middle stage of spiritual palpitations. No... I think I’m about to reach the late stage of spiritual palpitations. How ... How is this possible?&quot;

Xia ruofei already knew Ling Qingxue’s spiritual power cultivation. He smiled and nodded.&quot;What about your true Qi cultivation?&quot;

Ling Qingxue said in shock,&quot;the peak of refined Qi Level 3!&quot; It seemed that he could break through to refined Qi Level 4 at any time! This ... I just broke through to refined Qi Level 3 yesterday! When did it become so easy to break through?&quot;

Xia ruofei laughed and asked,&quot;do you still think that this&quot; absolute beginning Scripture &quot;is a rogue technique?&quot;

Ling Qingxue still couldn’t believe it. She felt like she was dreaming.

You can actually cultivate like this? He had a ‘good time’ in his sea of consciousness in a daze, and then his mental power cultivation and true Qi cultivation rose by a large margin?

When did cultivation become so simple?