Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

2218 Fair and just (2)

“Don’t bother, we have the same figure, you can wear mine!” Ling Qingxue said,”I’ll help you find one!”

Even though Ling Qingxue did not live here often, she still kept a few sets of home clothes with Xia ruofei.

She quickly found a set of home clothes and passed it to Song Wei. She squinted her eyes and said in a low voice, “I’ve already wrapped your undergarments inside, so our sizes shouldn’t be too different. Just make do with it! I’m going to take it off when I go to sleep anyway ...”

Song Wei blushed and quickly took the clothes from Ling Qingxue. She said in a low voice,””I know ...”

This time, it was Ling Qingxue’s turn to cultivate with Xia ruofei. Meanwhile, Song Wei hid in the bathroom.

Xia ruofei smiled bitterly and said,””Qingxue, don’t you ... Don’t you feel awkward?”

Ling Qingxue replied nonchalantly,”it’s awkward!” But what can we do? Am I really going to ignore you, you womanizer? That’s why! Even if it’s awkward, you’ll have to slowly get used to it. Maybe you won’t be awkward in the future ...”

After Xia ruofei heard this, he felt the softest part of his heart being touched. He couldn’t help but reach out and pull Ling Qingxue into his arms.

However, before he could say anything, Ling Qingxue pushed him away gently and said,””What are you doing? What was he doing? Don’t even think about touching me! Wei Wei and I have an agreement ...”

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but break out in a cold sweat. It was this stupid agreement again ...

“But you’re my wife ... No, my girlfriend!” Xia ruofei said.

“That was in the past!” Ling Qingxue said,”from today onwards, I’m not your girlfriend ...”

“What happened?” Xia ruofei’s eyes widened.”You still want to find another boyfriend?”

“That’s hard to say ...” Ling Qingxue said, blinking.

“Then what am I?” Xia ruofei could not help but ask.

“They can barely be considered as cultivation partners!” Ling Qingxue said indifferently,”the reason why Wei Wei and I are cultivating with you is mainly to improve our cultivation. Don’t think too much about it!”

Xia ruofei held back his laughter and said seriously,””Alright, alright, alright! I promise I won’t think too much! Daughter – in – Law ... That ... Qingxue, should we start cultivating? Otherwise, Wei Wei will be done with her bath soon ...”

Hmph Hmph! ‘I’ll let you have a taste of my power when we cultivate together ...’ Xia ruofei thought to himself.

Ling Qingxue, who had been going against Xia ruofei the whole night, did not object this time. After all, Song Wei had already cultivated with Xia ruofei once. It was reasonable for her to cultivate with Xia ruofei.

Thus, the two of them walked into the time formation hand in hand ...

After another two hours of cultivation, Ling Qingxue’s face was flushed red as she exited her cultivation state.

She glanced at Xia ruofei and asked,””When you cultivate with Wei Wei ... Will it be the same as just now?”

“Do you want to hear the truth or a lie ...” Xia ruofei said with a strange expression.

“Forget it, I don’t want to hear it!” Ling Qingxue said dejectedly,”I don’t feel good hearing the truth, but if it’s a lie ... Even I don’t believe it!” Let’s go! Let’s go out ...”

“Alright then!” Xia ruofei said.

After the two of them left the array, Xia ruofei quickly kept the time array flag.

Ling Qingxue looked at Xia ruofei and raised her eyebrows.”Why are you still standing there?”

“Ah?” Xia ruofei didn’t react immediately. He asked tentatively,”then I should ...”

“You’re done cultivating, shouldn’t you go back to your room to rest? Don’t forget that Wei Wei and I have already taken over this room!” Ling Qingxue said.

Xia ruofei did not know whether to laugh or cry. This was really killing the donkey when the grinding was done ... Putting on his pants and not giving any face! No... Where were the pants! The spirit body joint cultivation was always open to each other ...

Just as Xia ruofei’s mind was filled with all sorts of messy thoughts, Ling Qingxue asked with a faint smile,””Don’t tell me ... You’re waiting to admire the beauty coming out of the bath?”

Xia ruofei quickly replied,”no!” I’m just afraid that you’ll be bored, so I want to talk to you. Since there’s nothing else, I’ll leave first! You guys should rest early too ...”

With that, Xia ruofei hugged the time array flag and left the master bedroom that no longer belonged to him.

He randomly chose a room on the second floor. After entering the room, he first put the time array flag into the spirit map space. Then, he opened the cabinet, took out a clean bed sheet and bedding, and started to make the bed.

Before Ling Qingxue and Song Wei came to the house, Xia ruofei had already dozed off for a while. Now that they were in the house, he was completely awake.

She wondered how they were getting along in the house. What would they talk about? Xia ruofei’s mind was filled with all sorts of weird thoughts.

She tossed and turned for a long time, unable to fall asleep.

Xia ruofei sat cross – legged, took out a crystal from the space, and started to cultivate the great Dao technique.

In the past two days, he had already combined his spirit and body three times. Two of them were with Ling Qingxue, and one was with Song Wei.

Although the effect of the combined cultivation of the spirit and body was more obvious for Ling Qingxue and Song Wei, it was also quite helpful for Xia ruofei.

He was already on the verge of a breakthrough, so he planned to increase his cultivation in the near future and strive to break through the bottleneck in one go and break through to refined Qi level 9.

Xia ruofei’s cultivation lasted until the next morning.

A hint of white appeared in the East, and the light of the sky shone in through the window.

Xia ruofei, who had been sitting cross – legged the entire night, opened his eyes. He slowly stood up and stretched. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Xia ruofei smiled bitterly.

As expected, it was not easy to break through from the eighth level to the ninth level. However, the amount of spiritual energy required was probably more than the previous levels combined.

After a night of cultivation, Xia ruofei could feel that he was getting closer and closer to a breakthrough. However, he might need to work hard for a few more days before he could reach the critical point of a breakthrough.

Of course, Xia ruofei was in a good mood. He did not feel dejected because of this. He simply washed up, changed his clothes, and went downstairs.

Ling Qingxue and Song Wei did not wake up. Xia ruofei felt guilty towards the two girls, so he came down early to prepare breakfast.

When Ling Qingxue and Song Wei got up and washed up, they went downstairs together. Xia ruofei had already prepared a sumptuous breakfast. Thick rice porridge was kept warm in an electric pressure cooker, heart – shaped poached eggs, delicious side dishes, crispy toasted bread, butter, milk ... It could be said that everything was available here. Whether they wanted to eat Chinese or Western food, they could have it.

After the spirit body joint cultivation last night, the atmosphere between the three of them didn’t seem as awkward as when they first met. They finished their breakfast while talking and laughing.

Song Wei had to return to the provincial Hospital in the morning to meet her parents. Xia ruofei wanted to drive Song Wei home and then send Ling Qingxue to work, but was rejected by both of them.

Ling Qingxue said that she would send Song Wei home before going to the company. She also told Xia ruofei that they would no longer be a couple, so she did not need Xia ruofei to send her to and from work.

Xia ruofei didn’t know whether to laugh or cry, but he still expressed his respect for their opinions.

Since he didn’t need to send them off, he was happy to be free. After the two left, he took a short break and drove to the Tao Yuan building.

Xia ruofei received a call from Feng Jing not long after he arrived at the office.

“Sister che, how did you know that I was in the company?” Xia ruofei said with a smile.

“You just got on the elevator, and all the female employees in the company were already talking about you ...” Feng Jing said.”RUO Fei, don’t you know how popular you are?”

“I didn’t expect the employees to support me so much.” Xia ruofei chuckled.

“Get this straight, it’s a female employee, okay?” Feng Jing laughed.”Your popularity right now is almost on par with that of Mr. Wang’s National husband ...”

Xia ruofei laughed drily and said,””It’s not as exaggerated as you said! Right, let’s talk about serious business! What’s the matter?”

“If you didn’t come to the company today, I would have called you. There’s really something!” Feng Jing said,”it’s like this, director Gao from xiangnan satellite TV is going to visit you at Sanshan. His flight will be tomorrow, so I have to report to you first!”