Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

2219 Assistant Dong’s team_Xia ruofei was stunned and asked,”director Gao?” Didn’t we agree to meet in Beijing in a few days? Besides, he’s the Deputy station head, and he’s going to be personally involved in the recording of a show?”

Feng Rao laughed,”this means that they value you!” There was no need for the stage to personally attend to the usual guests! Moreover, wouldn’t paying a personal visit make it seem as if he’s of higher importance?”

With xiangnan TV’s status in the entertainment industry, even if it was a top star, there was no need for a leader at the level of the Deputy Director to personally contact them. However, Xia ruofei’s identity was not just a popular star, even though his popularity was indeed very high.

The most popular company in China in the past year was definitely paradise Corporation. Perhaps paradise corporation’s scale was not very large, and its profitability was not worth mentioning compared to those giant companies, but it was extremely popular on the internet. No other company could compare to it.

Every product was a hit, and their fame had long reached overseas. They were also quite a hot topic. How could such a company not be popular?

As a young entrepreneur, Xia ruofei was in charge of a company that was famous and had endless potential. How could his status be compared to that of an ordinary celebrity?

Moreover, Xia ruofei’s personal relationship with Hou Liang and his status in the circle of the second generation in Beijing were enough for xiangnan TV to take him seriously. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Alright ...” Xia ruofei smiled bitterly.”Since he wants to come, we can’t stop him. Let’s do our job of receiving him!”

“Alright!” Feng Jing replied crisply,”can I arrange for you two to meet tomorrow afternoon?”

“No problem!” Xia ruofei asked,”at the office or the hotel?”

“Gao tai said that he wants to visit the company. Let’s arrange the meeting place to be the guest room on the top floor!” Feng Jing said,”you don’t have to show up during the interview. You can just show up during the meeting.”

“OK!”Xia ruofei said.

After Xia ruofei hung up the phone, he picked up some documents that he needed to sign.

Paradise corporation’s working model was already very mature. Feng Jing could directly make decisions for most things, but she had always been cautious with her duties. For some relatively sensitive matters, such as financial and human resources problems, even if Xia ruofei was not in the company, she would often call to ask for instructions and report. She would only carry out the work after getting Xia ruofei’s approval. These work procedures also required Xia ruofei’s signature and approval. Hence, every time he returned to the company, there would be a pile of documents waiting for him to sign.

After dealing with some work, Xia ruofei stood up and stretched. He walked to the window and looked at the scenery to relax his eyes.

Just then, someone knocked on the door. Xia ruofei walked back to his desk and sat down. He called out,””Please enter!”

The office door was pushed open, and Feng Jing walked in with a female office worker.

This white – collar woman had short hair and was wearing a black professional suit. She looked valiant and heroic.

“Chairman.” Feng Rao greeted him with a smile.

The office lady beside her also bowed slightly to Xia ruofei and said,””Good day, Chairman!”

Xia ruofei smiled and nodded.””Is there something you need, President Feng? Let’s sit down and talk!”

Feng Jing sat down in front of Xia ruofei’s desk with the office lady and smiled.””Chairman, let me introduce you. This is Qin Yanan from the administration department. She just got promoted to the M5 manager level in the year – end evaluation.”

The peach blossom company’s personnel grading system had been very smooth since the implementation. After the first personnel grading and the comprehensive assessment at the end of the year, everyone’s rank was basically in a stable state. The future career advancement path had also become very clear. Whether it was a technical position or a management position, as long as one had the ability, there would be enough room for promotion.

The M – Series were all management positions. For Qin Yanan to be able to get an M5, it meant that she was quite capable. One should know that an M6 was basically the level of a department’s Deputy Director. Therefore, this M5 manager should be a middle – ranking reserve that Feng Jing valued.

Xia ruofei smiled and nodded at Qin Yanan. He could tell that Qin Yanan was a little nervous in front of him, so he said gently,””Hello, manager Qin.”

Qin Yanan quickly stood up and said,”Good day, Chairman!”

Xia ruofei didn’t expect Qin Yanan to be even more nervous when he wanted her to relax. He couldn’t help but smile bitterly to himself. Then, he turned to Feng Jing for an inquiry.

Feng Jing laughed.”Chairman, it’s like this. The company has formed a small team in the administrative department. Of course, the staff will be transferred from the marketing department, public relations department, and even finance department. The administrative department is in charge of managing and coordinating, while this team is in charge of your personal affairs, including social account maintenance, crisis public relations, and some external activities. In short, it’s like your Secretary team! Manager Qin is the person in charge of this team, so I brought her here to meet you today. If you have any work in the future, you can directly give her instructions. ”

Xia ruofei was slightly stunned and said,”CEO Feng, is this necessary?” You also know that I’m a lazy person, and I rarely come to the company. Isn’t it a waste of resources to raise a team to serve me?”