Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

2230 The final result (2)

“I’m sorry,”Song Wei said apologetically. RUO Fei ...”

“It doesn’t matter!” Xia ruofei did not wait for Song Wei to finish her sentence. He smiled and said,”go do your work. We’ll meet again when we have time!”

Song Wei heaved a sigh of relief and said,””Mm! Take care of your body too. ”

Xia ruofei hung up the phone with a bitter smile. He sat on the stone bench in the courtyard and smoked a cigarette. Then, he stood up and walked towards the backyard.

Wu Xiujuan and Xia Xiaolan were cleaning the kitchen. They stopped what they were doing and greeted Xia ruofei when they saw him.

Xia ruofei smiled gently.”Sister – in – Law, some of my friends will be coming over for dinner tonight. I’ll have to trouble you.”

“Okay!” Wu Xiujuan quickly replied. Boss, it’s not hard to cook! By the way, how many people will there be tonight? I’ll be able to make some preparations. ”

“Seven or eight!” Xia ruofei said,”you don’t have to worry about the ingredients. I’ll go out and prepare.”

Xia ruofei wanted to take out some ingredients from his interspace. If he let Wu Xiujuan purchase the ingredients, he would not have the chance to take them out.

“Alright!” Wu Xiujuan said.

“Then you guys go ahead!” Xia ruofei smiled and said,”I’ll go and buy some groceries first!”

With that, Xia ruofei left the courtyard house through the door in the backyard.

Since Wu Qiang had driven the car to send Qin Yanan and he Yu off, Xia ruofei could only walk to the entrance of the alley to get a taxi.

He also had a deeper understanding of the necessity of having another car.

Xia ruofei stopped a taxi at the entrance of the alley and went straight to the nearby Walmart.

He bought some ingredients from the supermarket, mainly meat. He bought a lot of organic mountain Black pork, ribs, beef tenderloin, and so on.

When it was time to pay, Xia ruofei specially bought a few more plastic bags.

After paying the bill, Xia ruofei took the ingredients he had bought from the supermarket and took a taxi back to the courtyard house.

This time, he walked through the main entrance on the side of liuhai Lane. After passing through the front yard, Xia ruofei first packed the ingredients back into the master bedroom in the master’s yard in the middle. After locking the doors and windows and drawing the curtains, he took out a lot of vegetables from the space and caught two fish. He packed them all in Walmart’s shopping bag and then carried the bag to the backyard.

Xia ruofei handed the ingredients to Wu Xiujuan and Xia Xiaolan to handle. Then, he went to the wine cellar in the basement and took out a few bottles of aged Drunken Eight Immortals and expensive rot wine. He found a box and put them away.

In order to prevent the wine from running out, he took out some from the medium and placed them on the shelf in the wine cellar. This way, he could ask Wu Qiang to come and collect them at any time during dinner at night and he would not have to make a trip personally.

Xia ruofei carried the box full of wine to the ground and asked the veteran in charge of security to help move the box of wine to the dining room in the backyard.

After doing all this, Xia ruofei finally took a break. Then, he went to the master bedroom’s bathroom to take a shower, changed into a set of clean clothes, and lay on the bed to take a short nap.

It was almost threeo’ clock when he fell asleep, and he woke up around fouro’ clock. After a simple wash, he went to the yard for a walk, then laid on the recliner and smoked a cigarette.

Xia ruofei was spending a rare moment of leisure time in the courtyard. When it was almost FiveO’ clock, the communication panel set in the master’s courtyard in the middle gave out a notification.

Xia ruofei didn’t stand up. Instead, he picked up the tablet on the stone table and tapped on it a few times. Suddenly, the camera at the door of the backyard appeared on the screen of the tablet.

This tablet was also the control terminal of the entire siheyuan’s smart home. Through the Wi – Fi connection, it could easily control equipment such as access control, air conditioning, LED lights, and so on.

Xia ruofei saw that song Rui was grinning at the camera and couldn’t help but laugh. He pressed the microphone symbol on the control screen and said,””Come in!”

With that, Xia ruofei opened the control panel on his tablet and opened the door to the backyard. At the same time, he stood up and walked towards the backyard.

When he arrived at the backyard, song Rui and the others had already driven in.

Other than song Rui and Zhao Yongjun, Hou Liang, Liu Jian, Xu Zixuan, Wei Jun, and the others all rushed over too. Jian Jia now felt that Xia ruofei had become the core figure in their circle.

Of course, Zhuo Yiyi also followed song Rui over. Although it was not time to get off work yet, the natural sciences Department where she worked had always been very free. Moreover, with her relationship with song Rui, it was not a problem for her to take two hours of leave early.

Xia ruofei welcomed him happily and called out,””Big brother Zhao! Monkey, Zi Xuan, I’ve missed you to death!”

Xia ruofei hugged his good friends from the capital one by one and finally walked to Zhuo Yiyi. Song Rui said nervously,””Hey! It’s fine if the men hug her, but you’re not allowed to hug her!”

Zhao Yong Jun and the others couldn’t help but burst out in laughter. Zhuo Yiyi glared at song Rui in disdain, then smiled and reached out her hand to Xia ruofei.””Ruofei, we meet again!”

Xia ruofei politely shook hands with Zhuo Yiyi and smiled.””Yiyi! I want to congratulate you and Xiao Rui! It had finally come to fruition! This was not easy! We brothers are all anxious!”

Zhao Yongjun also teased,”isn’t that so?” We can’t wait to help Xiao Rui! That kid is too cowardly!”

Xu Zixuan and the others burst out laughing again. Even Zhuo Yiyi was laughing with her face red.

Song Rui couldn’t keep his face straight. He snorted and said,”This is called being gentlemanly! What did he mean by cowardly! It’s romantic to be nice to the woman you love. You boorish people don’t understand!”

Zhuo Yiyi shot song Rui a glance, and he immediately shut his mouth.

Xia ruofei shook his head in his heart. It seemed like this kid was going to become his wife’s slave. His future status in the family was worrying!

Seeing that song Rui had shut his mouth, Zhuo Yiyi then said to Xia ruofei,””Student RUO Fei, you’re congratulating me a little too early! We’re just trying to get together, it’s still too early for us to achieve anything!”

Xia ruofei laughed and said,”no matter what, we’re happy that you guys are together!” There’s no need to worry about the future, there’s always a way out!”

When song Rui heard this, he looked at Xia ruofei thoughtfully but did not say anything.

After exchanging a few pleasantries, Xia ruofei invited everyone to the master’s courtyard in the middle to sit down and have some tea. It was still a little early after dinner. Wu Xiujuan was still busy in the kitchen, and Wu Qiang, Qin Yanan, and he Yu had not returned yet.

As the weather was still rather cold, Xia ruofei welcomed everyone into the master suite with floor heating.

On the east side of the suite was a spacious and bright master bedroom and bathroom, on the west side was a study room, and in the middle was a living room for guests.

Xia ruofei was personally in charge of making tea. He used the tea set with ease and familiarity while chatting with Zhao Yongjun and the others about the club’s recent situation.

The club’s planning and construction efficiency were very high. According to the current progress of the construction, it would be open for business in may.

The recruitment was already in progress, and the club needed a lot of people. Fortunately, Zhao Yongjun, song Rui, and the others often went to various high – end events, so they knew many talents in this area.

They had poached a few management staff from some hot spring Clubs and private restaurants, and also recruited a group of ordinary staff.

Although the club had not been built yet, the staff had already begun their on – duty training. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

When Zhao Yongjun heard that Xia ruofei was here to record the third season of the life I yearn for, he was very happy. After all, he was the one who made it happen in the first place. He also knew that this cooperation would be a good publicity opportunity for paradise Corporation.

Everyone chatted until about Sixo’ clock before they got up and walked to the dining room in the backyard.