Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

2240 A warm welcome (2)

In addition, there were two dogs running around happily in the yard, and a cute duck was also pacing around in the yard. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The roof of the pergola was made of thatch. Of course, it was waterproof during the construction, so the thatch was more of a decoration. In addition, the bamboo used to build the pergola was verdant and green, giving off an aura of original ecology.

Xia ruofei knew that after the entire season of the show had been recorded, everything in the mushroom house would remain the same. This area would become a special experience area for the club, dedicated to letting guests experience village life. When the time came, the entire building could be rented out for the members of the club who came with their families for a vacation.

Hence, Xia ruofei was also very careful.

He Jiong and the rest invited Xia ruofei into the mushroom house. He looked around. Other than the kitchen and tool room on the left side of the entrance, the rest of the area was basically a Hall that had been connected to the entire building. The kitchen and the living room were separated by a Bogu shelf.

Half of the hall was elevated, and the first and second floors were completely accessible.

There was a comfortable sofa in the living room, a large soft carpet, and a small table on it. The guests could sit on the floor and chat, drink tea, or play some card games.

“President Xia, please take a look around first!” He Jiong said with a chuckle.

“Alright!” Xia ruofei replied.

He walked up the wooden stairs to the second floor and exited from the staircase. The first room was designed with a large shared bed. Zhang Xing, who had been accompanying Xia ruofei, introduced it as the bedroom of the regular guests.

After passing through the shared bedroom, there was a corridor. One side of the corridor was suspended in the air, and one could directly see the living room below. This area was the elevated area of the living room. Xia ruofei even leaned on the railing and waved at He Jiong, who was downstairs.

After passing through this corridor, there were two symmetrical rooms on the left and right. The furnishings inside were also very simple. There were only the most basic furniture, such as a large bed, a wardrobe, and a desk.

“Director Xia, these two rooms are for the flight guests when they come to film the show,” Zhang Xing said with a smile. “There are times when male and female guests will take part in the recording at the same time, so we’ve specially prepared two rooms. But you’re the only guest for the first episode, so you can choose any room you want!”

“What’s the difference between the two rooms?”Xia ruofei asked, chuckling.

Zhang Xing smiled and said,”Pengpeng and I did study this this this morning!” One of the rooms is near the courtyard. If you open the window, you can see the situation in the courtyard, so we call it the ‘courtyard view room’. The opposite room is near the back of the mountain, and when you open the window, you can see lush vegetation, so ...”

“So it’s a ‘Mountain View House’?” Xia ruofei smiled and continued Zhang Xing’s sentence.

“Correct!” “Mr. Xia, which one do you like?” Zhang Xing asked.

Xia ruofei pointed to the ‘courtyard view room’ on the left without thinking and said,””Then we’ll stay in this room!”

This room was not just a room with a view of the courtyard. After all, there was a beautiful lake in front of the small courtyard. Standing by the window, one could completely see the lake and mountains. In fact, this was a room with a view of the lake.

“Alright!” Zhang Xing said,”then I’ll help you bring your luggage in!”

“Thank you for your trouble!” Xia ruofei said with a warm smile.

He followed Zhang Xing into the room and went straight to the window to take a look. He could see the sparkling surface of the lake not far away.

After putting his luggage down, Xia ruofei went to the room opposite and took a look. The view was much worse than the one on the left. After all, there were only some small hills here. The so – called back hill was just a little higher than this one. Looking into the distance, he could faintly see the dusty construction site.

Of course, the cameras were all designed so that they would not capture the busy construction site in the distance.

The bathroom was just a few steps away from the room.

For the convenience of filming, there were also two bathrooms on the left and right, men’s left and women’s right.

In the middle of the room was a large mirror and a long sink, enough for several people to wash up at the same time.

Xia ruofei took a look and realized that the jaded skin ointment had been placed in the most eye – catching position.

The cosmetics here were said to be for the guests to use, but in fact, it was a kind of embedded advertising.

If it wasn’t for the fact that the Paradise company only had one product in this area, the Jade skin cream, then they would probably be the only products in this season’s show.

Unfortunately, this wasn’t the case now. After all, paradise corporation’s products were a bit monotonous, so there were other brands of shampoo, shower gel, face wash, and so on on.

The brands that could appear here must have paid advertising fees. For Xia ruofei to be able to insert so many advertisements without spending a single cent, the treatment was incomparable.

After a round of shopping upstairs, Xia ruofei followed Zhang Xing downstairs.

While Xia ruofei was looking around, there were also cameramen who were constantly filming.

In fact, other than the guests, there were also many other staff members in the mushroom house. However, they were all in designated areas and would never appear in front of the camera.

Even when he Jiong and Huang Lei were brewing tea earlier, they looked very relaxed. In fact, there were at least ten to twenty staff members not far away from them. They were drinking tea under the watchful eyes of the public and chatting with natural expressions. If it were any other person, they would have felt uncomfortable all over.

But after all, He Jiong and the rest were all professionals. They came from specialized courses and Xia ruofei could not compare to them in this aspect.

However, Xia ruofei was still very calm and relaxed. He did not look like a newbie who was recording for the first time. He treated the staff outside the camera range as air. He was like how he usually was during the recording.

He Jiong saw Xia ruofei walking down the stairs and immediately came over to greet him,”President Xia, teacher Huang has gone to prepare lunch!”

Xia ruofei smiled and said,”really?” It’s been hard on you, teacher Huang!”

Xia ruofei continued,”teacher he, please give me some work too!” Although I’m here as a guest, I can’t just sit back and enjoy the fruits of others ‘labor! I need to find some work!”

He Jiong said happily,”President Xia, guests who take the initiative to find work are the most popular here!” You don’t know, but last season, there was a popular talk show artiste named li. I won’t say his name! Leave him some face ... This li is simply too lazy. Basically, as long as he can lie down, he will never sit. Even if he sat, he would be swaying left and right. And when he was given work, he either couldn’t do it or didn’t have the strength ...”

When he Jiong said this, he turned to the camera beside him and said,”I, li! Look at how hardworking President Xia is! This is the difference!”

He Jiong was actually on good terms with this popular talk show artiste in private. That was why He Jiong joked about his laziness.

In fact, the other party wouldn’t mind such a joke between friends at all. And it wasn’t an exaggeration to say that if your name was mentioned on the show, then there would be a short interaction through the air, which would also increase the popularity of the other party.

This was a little like the “hackling” in crosstalk, which was also a form of teasing. Only those who had a particularly good relationship with him would be smashed on stage by a crosstalk actor.

Xia ruofei was a little embarrassed by He Jiong’s praise. He said,”Teacher he, you’re being too serious ... Why don’t you tell me what kind of work you’re giving me?”

He Jiong laughed and said,”let me think!” Pengpeng is in charge of splitting the firewood, and he’s very experienced in this, so we’ll leave the firewood to him. We don’t have to worry about it ... Little Star has to clean the sheep pen and feed the animals living in the mushroom house, so ...”

He Jiong paused at this point before he continued,”There are two more tasks left. One is to go to town with me to buy vegetables. Didn’t you want to eat pork stew with vermicelli? We have to go buy ingredients! Or go to the greenhouse to water the vegetables and pick some at the same time. President Xia, you can choose one yourself!”