Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 226: A Nobel Prize – Level achievement (1)

Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

When Zhou Jiaming and the rest went to prepare the test report, Xia ruofei was chatting with elder song in the ward. After elder song took the fifth dose of Chinese medicine, his physical condition was much better, especially his face, which was not as yellow as that of liver cancer patients. He looked no different from a healthy person. Some of the life – Support facilities and monitoring equipment had been removed in the morning. If it were not for Xia ruofei and song Zhengping’s persuasion, the old man would have gotten out of bed and walked around a few times. Although song Zhengping was on vacation, the workload of a provincial governor was unimaginable. Therefore, he often stayed in his room on the second floor, listening to reports and giving instructions through the phone. Some urgent and important documents were even faxed to his Secretary and presented to him for perusal. Therefore, song Zhengping didn’t spend much time with elder song. On the other hand, Xia ruofei had nothing to do other than brewing a dose of Chinese medicine in the morning, afternoon, and evening. In the afternoon, he was waiting for the test report and preparing to adjust the prescription, so he had not started brewing the medicine at noon. Therefore, Xia ruofei had a lot of time to talk to elder song, and elder song was willing to talk to Xia ruofei about the Army. Even though he had taken off his military uniform for decades, he was still a hot – blooded soldier! The old man and the young man were chatting happily. From time to time, elder song’s hearty laughter could be heard in the ward. From the laughter, one could tell that the old man’s voice was full of vigor and that his body was indeed recovering very well. Zhou Jiaming and su Xiaohong knocked on the door and came in with a stack of test reports in their hands. “Chief, doctor Xia, the results are out!” Zhou Jiaming looked at Xia ruofei with a strange expression. Su Xiaohong’s expression was also a little strange, as if there was a flower on Xia ruofei’s face, and she glanced at him from time to time. Seeing this, eccentric song laughed and said,”Little Zhou, what’s with your expression? Did it not end well? It doesn’t matter, I’ll just report the truth. I’ve already died once, so I can accept any result. ” “No, no...” Zhou Jiaming quickly said,”chief, the result was too good, we couldn’t even believe it ...” “Yes, chief. When I saw the results, I couldn’t believe my eyes.” Su Xiaohong said. Xia ruofei couldn’t help but Pat his forehead. It seemed that two days ‘time and half a petal was still too much. He had tried his best to control it, but it turned out that he had created a “medical miracle”. Eccentric song became even more interested and asked,”Oh? Then tell us, what is the result that surprised our experts so much?” Zhou Jiaming cleared his throat and said,”chief, after the results of the examination came out, we immediately compared it with the results of the previous examination ...” Liang Haitao’s medical team had left, but the medical records, reports, and information of the entire treatment period had definitely been left behind. Zhou Jiaming continued,”the last test was three days ago, and it has only been three days since then. The test results showed that the tumor area has shrunk significantly, and the tumor markers have all dropped significantly. Several of the iconic indicators of liver function have also improved to a large extent.” “Chief, to put it simply, your body has recovered to a large extent compared to three days ago,” su Xiaohong continued. Our treatment group has determined that your current condition is basically between early and medium stage liver cancer. ” Elder song’s condition two days ago was basically the final stage of cancer. The cancer cells had invaded his whole body and he was about to die. In just two days, he had taken five doses of Chinese medicine and recovered to such an extent. This made the two medical experts, who were well – versed in both Chinese and Western medicine, feel that it was incredible. Zhou Jiaming and su Xiaohong were chosen to come because they weren’t biased against Chinese medicine. Su Xiaohong’s research was on the integration of Chinese and Western medicine during her PhD stage. Even so, they didn’t have much hope for Xia ruofei’s Chinese medicine treatment. This was because many people who suffered from late – Stage liver cancer would choose Traditional Chinese Medicine as their treatment method, but most of them had little effect. Deep down, they still believed that Western Medicine’s radiotherapy and chemotherapy were the most direct and effective way to treat cancer. When the results of the examination came out today, it really made the two of them drop their glasses. Eccentric song was also surprised.””Looks like the results are pretty good! I was diagnosed as late – Stage when I was first checked, but now I’ve recovered to Early – Middle stage ... Little Xia, your medical skills are amazing!” Zhou Jiaming said,”chief, we also found a rather strange phenomenon ... You’ve received some hepatectomy operations abroad. This time, we compared the results of the two operations and found that the part of your liver that was removed has grown a lot ...” “Oh?” Elder song raised his eyebrows and asked,”do other patients have this phenomenon?” “Some patients in the early stage also have similar self – Healing symptoms after receiving resection surgery, but the extent of it is very small.” Zhou Jiaming said. Elder song looked at Xia ruofei and asked,””Little Xia ...” “Chief, this is a normal phenomenon.” Xia ruofei laughed bitterly in his heart. Then, he said confidently,”everything is within my expectations. Don’t worry!” Zhou Jiaming and su Xiaohong looked at Xia ruofei in shock. Even the removed liver could recover, and in two days, it recovered so much. Was this the Traditional Chinese Medicine they knew? “Alright, I’ve got the basic situation.” Xia ruofei stood up and said,”Sir, I’ll adjust the prescription immediately. I’ll give you one dose later and another in the evening. You can get out of bed and move around from tomorrow onwards.” “Good, good, good. It’s good to get off the bed and move around.” Elder song laughed and said,”I’ll feel uncomfortable all over if I continue to lie down!” Xia ruofei and the other two left elder song’s room. As soon as they went out, Dr. Su Xiaohong said excitedly,””Doctor Xia, the treatment was too successful! To be able to recover to such an extent in two days from terminal stage liver cancer was definitely a Nobel Prize – Level achievement! If it’s promoted, it’ll be a blessing for liver cancer patients!” Zhou Jiaming, who was standing at the side, had long noticed that Xia ruofei’s expression was not quite right. He couldn’t help but give su Xiaohong a look. However, su Xiaohong had been studying in the college for a long time. She was not as sophisticated as Zhou Jiaming in terms of social experience. She didn’t notice Zhou Jiaming’s reminder and continued to speak excitedly. Xia ruofei, who was about to open the door, stopped and turned around.””Director Zhou, professor su, please come in with me. Oh, by the way, please call director Lu over.” “Uh ...” Su Xiaohong was stunned. Zhou Jiaming quickly nudged su Xiaohong’s arm, then said,””Okay, doctor Xia.” He ordered a nurse to look for manager Lu and followed Xia ruofei into the room with a confused su Xiaohong ...