Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 227: Chapter 223 – gag order_1

“Director Zhou, Dr. Xia is ...” Su Xiaohong asked in a low voice, puzzled. “Professor su, doctor Xia definitely doesn’t want this treatment to spread, so he specifically asked us to stay behind to explain!” Zhou Jiaming said. “How is that possible?” Su Xiaohong was shocked.”That’s a Nobel Prize – Level achievement! There’s no such good treatment in the world, and it’s pure Chinese medicine. This research on liver cancer ...” “Professor su, doctor Xia must have his own ideas. Let’s just listen to him.” Zhou Jiaming laughed bitterly as he looked at su Xiaohong. As expected, when manager Lu arrived, Xia ruofei said directly,””Director Lu, director Zhou, professor su, I called you all here today for one thing. The Bureau chief’s medical report is out, and the treatment is much better than expected. However, I hope that this matter can be kept absolutely confidential.” “Why? Shouldn’t such a good treatment method be promoted?” Su Xiaohong was the first to express her confusion.”This is definitely a major breakthrough in Cancer Research!” “Professor su!” Zhou Jiaming coughed and said,”let’s hear what Dr. Xia has to say!” Xia ruofei smiled.”Actually, there’s no special reason. First of all, I’m afraid of trouble and don’t want to publicize this kind of thing. After all, my main job is not to be a doctor. If a large number of patients come to me, I won’t be able to work anymore.” People had a strong desire to live. Previously, a Chinese researcher had tried to add sodium bicarbonate (or sodium bicarbonate) to an arteriological embolism surgery. This was supposed to be a very good research, but they only targeted large liver cancer patients who were not as effective as ordinary chemical embolism surgery. Moreover, they had only conducted a small study of dozens of cases. As a result, it was reported by the media as “baking soda starved the cancer cells.” A large number of patients seemed to see the hope of survival and rushed to the second People’s Hospital of Jiangsu and Zhejiang Province, where the research team was located. Xia ruofei did not want to face such a situation. The reason why the healing effect was so good this time was entirely due to the effect of the petals of the strange flower. There were so many patients in the world, even if the spirit map space produced 500 petals of the strange flower every day, it wouldn’t be enough! Xia ruofei continued,”secondly, there are a few very rare herbs in my prescription. I brought them from the three mountains. Now, they can only be found occasionally in the deep mountains and forests. They can’t be cultivated by man. The more they are used, the less they are. Without these herbs, my prescription can’t work at all. Therefore, this treatment is destined to not be widely promoted. To avoid trouble, this must be kept a secret!” Su Xiaohong opened her mouth, but she didn’t say anything in the end. If it was only the first reason, according to her personality, she would definitely use “a doctor should have the heart of a parent”,”for the advancement of human medicine” and other great principles to persuade Xia ruofei. However, Xia ruofei’s second reason made her swallow her words. Since it was destined that it could not be promoted on a large scale, what was the point of saying that? Manager Lu looked at Xia ruofei thoughtfully and said,””Doctor Xia, I understand what you mean. I’ll issue a gag order on the medical team. The chief’s treatment has to be kept strictly confidential. I’ll emphasize it again. There’s definitely no problem.” The current medical Group was not like Liang Haitao’s Medical Group. The members of this Medical Group were all ordinary experts and medical staff with no background. The words of manager Lu, the big Butler, were naturally quite authoritative. Manager Lu also knew that he didn’t need to ask elder song for permission. Even if he did, elder song would definitely support Xia ruofei. Elder song’s admiration for Xia ruofei came from the bottom of his heart. Even his grandson, song Rui, was a little jealous. In his memory, his grandfather had always been very strict. When had he ever been so kind to the younger generation? Zhou Jiaming also quickly said,”doctor Xia, we will definitely keep our lips sealed!” There aren’t many people who have access to the chief’s inspection report. I’ll talk to them one by one and emphasize the confidentiality of the rules. ” Xia ruofei smiled and said,”thank you, everyone.” I’ll adjust the prescription now and prepare to brew the Chinese medicine for the chief. ” Manager Lu and the other two tactfully stood up and said their goodbyes – Xia ruofei’s prescription was an absolute secret, and no outsiders were allowed to be present during each brewing session. Soon, Xia ruofei had the medicine ready. The so – called change in the prescription was just Xia ruofei’s excuse. In fact, he was still using the liver cancer treatment formula. However, the bottle of solution that contained half a petal of the strange flower had been used up. Xia ruofei used a bottle with a lower concentration. Coincidentally, Xia ruofei also felt that the previous treatment effect was too good and needed to control the rhythm. After bringing the medicine over, elder song quickly finished it himself. Elder Xuxu had recovered a lot and basically didn’t need anyone to serve him anymore. Just like that, another two days passed by. Xia ruofei’s daily job was simple. He would brew three doses of Chinese medicine for elder song. The medical group was also more like a bystander. They just prescribed some Western medicine for anti – cancer treatment and regularly checked elder song’s body. In the past few days, Xia ruofei had become very close to song Zhengping’s son, song Rui. Young master Song was too bored in the mountains, and Xia ruofei was the only person his age that he could talk to. Xia ruofei’s medical skills were so brilliant that he pulled the spiritual pillar of the song family back from the brink of death. Therefore, even song Zhengping did not object to song Rui and Xia ruofei being together. Yesterday, when everyone went to the reconnaissance station outside, Xu Wu had arranged for a few good fighters to compete with Xia ruofei. Without exception, they were all defeated very quickly. In the end, Xia ruofei had fought against ten elite Scouts and won easily. In the end, Xu Wu, who refused to believe it, personally went into battle. This expert from the guard Bureau was subdued by Xia ruofei in less than ten moves. Xu Wu started to doubt his life. He kept saying,””What the ... Are all the soldiers of lone wolf this strong? Should I apply for a transfer ...” Song Rui, who had witnessed all of this, was even more impressed with Xia ruofei. He insisted on pestering Xia ruofei to Learn Kung Fu. Xia ruofei, who could not bear the trouble, had no choice but to go to the Reconnaissance Company and find a physical training outline and throw it to song Rui. He told him that if he wanted to learn kungfu, he had to build a good foundation first. The most basic requirement was that his physical fitness had to reach the excellent level and above the standard of the training outline. The standard of a Scout was higher than that of an ordinary troop, and the standard of excellence was even more perverted. Even the more outstanding squad leaders in the ordinary infantry troops might not be able to reach it. Song Rui gave up after one look. He smiled cheekily and said that a gentleman should not stand under a dangerous wall. As a son of the song family, there was no need to do everything personally. Anyway, he had a good brother like Xia ruofei. Xia ruofei immediately rolled his eyes at him. On the fifth day of Xia ruofei’s arrival in Hongzhou, elder song had recovered even better. He could get out of bed and move around for about an hour every day. His physical indicators were returning to normal, and his mental state was basically no different from that of a healthy person. Xia ruofei felt that it was time for him to bid farewell and return to Sanshan city ...Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m