Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 228: Please return to a great God (1)

Xia ruofei came out in a hurry this time as there were a lot of things waiting for him at home. Because he was not present at the transfer of ownership, he was stuck at one of the segments. Guan Ping called every day to urge and complain. At that time, Taoyuan vegetables only had five days ‘worth of supply left, and it was taken away by Xijiang Moon Club and Ling Ji restaurant at once. If they didn’t go back, the supply would have to be interrupted. The succulents should have been released yesterday, so Xia ruofei had no choice but to put up a notice to delay the release. Many customers left messages to urge them. Some people tried to get their hands on the succulents several times but failed, and they were quite resentful. Also, it was time to add some petal solution to the water tower in the farm. The two Blood Dragons at home had not been fed petal solution for a few days, and he wondered how they were doing. Hence, seeing that elder song’s condition was stable, Xia ruofei wanted to bid farewell and leave. He called song Zhengping and the others to elder song’s room and shared his thoughts. “What? You’re going back?” Song Zhengping was shocked.”No, no, Dr. Xia, the treatment just started showing its effects. What if your condition worsens if you leave?” “Doctor Xia, the chief’s treatment is at a critical moment,” manager Lu said hurriedly.”You can’t leave at this time!” They all knew that even though the anti – cancer drugs in Western medicine sold at a sky – High price, the real effect was probably Xia ruofei’s Chinese medicine. If Xia ruofei went back, what would happen to elder song’s illness? Song Zhilan also frowned slightly,”doctor Xia, please stay. You’re in a hurry to go back. Is there something wrong?” We, the song family, can help you deal with it. ” Even song Rui said,”ruofei, you’re not very kind!” Help people to the end! If worse comes to worst, when my grandfather recovers, I’ll take you to the big ...” At this point, song Rui felt song Zhengping’s murderous gaze. He shuddered and forcefully suppressed the word “health care.” “Big ... Big capital, have a good tour!” He laughed. This guy was quick – witted, and although he was very stiff at the end, he managed to salvage the situation. Xia ruofei couldn’t help but smile bitterly. He had just mentioned that he wanted to leave, and the song family’s reaction was so intense. What should he do? Eccentric song, who had been silent all this time, suddenly frowned and said in a deep voice,””Zhengping, Zhilan, what are you guys doing? Can’t you let little Xia finish her sentence? He came all the way here to give this old man voluntary treatment, and now he’s in trouble, and you won’t let him go?” “No... Dad, don’t be angry. We’re not stopping Dr. Xia from leaving, it’s just ...” Song Zhengping hurriedly said. Xia ruofei quickly said,”chief, provincial head Inquisitor song and the others are just concerned about you. It’s my fault for not making things clear.” After a pause, he continued,”Chief Judge song, I do have a lot of things to deal with at home. However, the reason why I want to leave is mainly because the Bureau chief’s condition has completely stabilized. He just needs to follow the prescribed order of treatment.” Before I leave, I’ll boil a total of six doses of Chinese medicine for two days. They can be stored in the refrigerator, and you just have to take the medicine on time. ” “Doctor Xia, two more days of medicine shouldn’t be enough for my father’s condition, right?” song Zhengping asked with concern. “It’s like this,” Wang Yao said.”After taking the medicine for two days, the treatment is basically completed.” Xia ruofei said,”by then, the cancer cells in the chief’s body should be suppressed to a very small amount, or even completely annihilated. In the future, you only need to take Western anti – cancer drugs. In addition, I’ll adjust the prescription and formulate some Chinese medicine for the chief to nourish and protect the liver to continue to consolidate. ” Xia ruofei looked at elder song and said,”you can brew the medicine for three to five days at a time. You just need to send someone to get it from me regularly. This way, you won’t have to delay the time.” “I think this is a good idea!” Elder song smiled. Xiao Xia has her own career. She can’t possibly stay in this remote mountain and accompany an old man like me!” Song Zhengping was still worried. He said,””Doctor Xia, the three mountains are quite far from here. It’s quite inconvenient to go back and forth ... Can’t you stay for a few more days?” Song Zhengping had already identified Xia ruofei’s Chinese medicine. He felt that the anti – cancer drugs in Western medicine were basically useless. He would only be at ease if he kept taking Xia ruofei’s Chinese medicine. Elder song’s health had finally improved. Song Zhengping was worried that once Xia ruofei left, his condition would worsen. Although the song family had long been deeply rooted, without elder song as their pillar, the impact was still great. Xia ruofei showed an apologetic expression and said,””Chief Judge song, it’s not that I don’t want to stay, but ... My company can’t do without me! As for what you said about the distance between the two places ...” Xia ruofei pondered for a moment and suddenly his eyes lit up.”I do have a solution, but I don’t know if it’s appropriate ...” “Tell me.” Eccentric song said with a smile. “Chief, why don’t you go to the three mountains to recuperate for a while?” Xia ruofei said,”it’s warmer in the South and the winter climate is pleasant. It’ll be good for your recovery. I can also treat you when the time comes. We won’t delay anything!” Song Zhengping’s eyes lit up as well. He quickly said,”Dad, I think Dr. Xia’s suggestion is very good! Why don’t you consider it?” “Go to the three mountains to recuperate?” Eccentric song was also lost in thought. He was also tempted. The reason why he insisted on staying in Jiangnan Province was largely because he felt that he might not be able to get through this. He had the idea of returning to his roots. But now, his body was getting better day by day. It was clear that as long as he continued to receive treatment, it was still too early to return to his roots! In that case, staying in Jiangnan Province would not be as important as it used to be. Moreover, the southeast province was also considered the traditional sphere of influence of the song family. There were many students and old friends there, so it was quite appropriate for elder song to recuperate there. “It’s been a few years since I’ve been to the three mountains. It’s not a bad idea to stay there for a while!” Elder song said with a smile, then frowned. I’m just afraid that it will affect the work of the local comrades!” At elder song’s level, no matter where he went, it would involve many aspects, so he was basically not willing to go down. “Dad, it’s not that ...” Song Zhengping hurriedly said.”I’ll pass on your instructions to Secretary Lin in advance and tell them not to make a big fuss. We’re only going there to recuperate. We’re not going to inspect the other places or give any instructions. How can we affect their work?” Song Zhilan also said,”dad, doctor Xia said that the weather in the south is more suitable for your recovery. You’re a patient now. You should listen to the doctor’s words, right?” “Woof! You actually brought up little Xia!” Elder song laughed and said,”alright! Then I’ll stay in the southeast province for a while. I haven’t caught up with Xiao Tian and the others in many years!” Xia ruofei watched from the side and felt that it was a bit dramatic. He did not expect that his casual suggestion would bring back such a big God for the southeast province ...Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)