Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 229: You’re so dirty (1)

Once elder song made up his mind, the next step was simple. Manager Lu was busy reporting to the central government about elder song’s status. He was no longer able to go wherever he wanted. Even though he had retired, he was still an important figure. His every move attracted the attention of many parties, so it was natural that he had to inform them in advance. Of course, this was just a routine procedure. Several of the core leaders had been promoted by elder song. If the old man wanted to move to another place to recuperate, who in the functional departments below would dare to object? Wasn’t that the same as looking for death in the toilet? Song Zhengping began to coordinate with the southeast province. If elder song wanted to go, the medical team could bring him, but the security guards would definitely be elites selected from the local Garrison, including the deployment of the residence and the surrounding areas. There were many things that needed to be discussed in advance. Therefore, even though elder song had decided to go to Sanshan city, he could not make it immediately. Xia ruofei shut himself in his room and brewed enough Chinese medicine for elder song to take for two days. He put the medicine in a big clay pot and handed it to Zhou Jiaming, who was in the medical team. He told them to give it to the chief on time. Xia ruofei wasn’t worried that the secret would be revealed. The composition of the Chinese medicine was complicated. No one had been able to test the ingredients in a bowl of medicinal soup. As for the composition of the strange flower petal, it had been directly dissolved in the medicinal soup. The petal was so magical that its composition was definitely not something that could be detected by the current level of science. It might even be a special substance that human beings had not discovered. Moreover, Zhou Jiaming and the others had gone through a strict Political Review, and they didn’t have a complicated family background, so it was unlikely that they would dare to have any ideas about the Chinese medicine. In addition, the cold cabinet used a double lock, which required both manager Lu and Zhou Jiaming to be present to open it. Therefore, the possibility of the secret being leaked was infinitely close to zero. Xia ruofei mixed the rest of the herbs together and threw them into the fire to burn, completely wiping out the last trace of evidence. Then, Xia ruofei left the small courtyard that he had stayed in for five days. Song Zhengping’s son, song Rui, was also going with him to the three mountains. This guy was obviously suffering in the mountains, but he claimed that he was going to the three mountains to help his grandfather. Song Zhengping was obviously happy that song Rui and Xia ruofei were on good terms. For the first time, he didn’t stop song Rui and just gave him a few instructions with a straight face. More than six hours later, Xia ruofei and song Rui walked out of the exit tunnel of Sanshan International Airport. In fact, more than half of the time was spent on the road from the small courtyard in the mountain where elder song lived to Hongzhou city. This time, it was naturally impossible for Youyou to use a land helicopter. The two of them took a military off – Road command vehicle on the bumpy mountain road for more than two hours before arriving at Hongzhou airport. They waited at the airport for nearly an hour before they boarded the nearest flight to Sanshan city. Song Rui, who had left his grandfather and father, was like a different person. He was in high spirits and no longer looked like an obedient baby. Song Rui pushed his limited – edition rimeva aluminum travel suitcase with one hand and put his other hand on Xia ruofei’s shoulder. He said with a smile,””Ruofei, I’m finally free! I’ll take you to a good place later. ” Xia ruofei pushed song Rui’s hand away in disgust and said,””Thank you! I’m not gay ...” “Your sister! I’m also a straight man, okay!” Song Rui said,”hey, to be honest, the three mountains is my territory. Wherever I take you, you’ll definitely forget about returning! Heavenly earth and earth on earth are so weak!” Xia ruofei did not stop and rolled his eyes.”It seems like I’m the one who was born and raised in the three mountains! When did the three mountains become your territory?” “I have many friends here!” Song Rui said matter – of – factly,”you’re definitely not as familiar as me when it comes to eating, drinking, and playing! I’m telling you, that place ... Tsk tsk! The girl was simply too fresh! And the key was that there were many tricks to live well! It was definitely the best enjoyment! You’ve heard of the poison Dragon? Have you ever heard of the double – Sound cannon? Looking at your old – fashioned look, you must have never seen it before! I’m telling you, there’s also Ice and Fire ...” “Stop, stop!” Xia ruofei saw that song Rui’s words were getting more and more unreliable, so he quickly interrupted him and said,”young master Song, you can enjoy it yourself. I’m not interested in these things ...” Song Rui widened his eyes and carefully took two steps away from Xia ruofei. His eyes were filled with exaggerated fear as he said,””What the ... You don’t really have that kind of taste, do you?” Xia ruofei did not understand what song Rui meant and looked confused. Song Rui quickly added,”it’s okay, ruofei. It’s not embarrassing. Society is very tolerant now. No one will discriminate against you!” “Young master Song, what are you trying to say? Who’s discriminating against me?” Xia ruofei was confused. “Hehe, it’s nothing ...” Song Rui laughed drily and said,”then all the more reason you should come with me! Not only were there a lot of beautiful women there, but there were also a lot of handsome men! I see that you’re so good at fighting, so you should like those young fresh meat with soft skin and tender flesh, right? I’ll get someone to arrange it for you! Or a trap would do! As long as it’s something you want, they can arrange it for you!” Xia ruofei finally came back to his senses. He was speechless and glared at her.”Fuck! Song Rui, if you keep talking nonsense, do you believe that we can’t even be brothers anymore? I’m a man, and you’re arranging a young hunk for me? A trap? F * ck me ... It’s too dirty ... It’s so disgusting. No, no, let me vomit for a while ...” “Didn’t you say that you don’t like women?” Song Rui said innocently. “Your sister! When did I say I don’t like women? I don’t like women from those places!” Xia ruofei scolded,”you’re the young master of the song family. Can you not have such a dirty mind?” “You scared me ...” Song Rui laughed.”I knew it!” You don’t look like glass at all!” Xia ruofei said anxiously,”you’re the one who’s glass!” Your whole family is ...” He stopped talking. It was fine to scold song Rui however he wanted, but it would be inappropriate to bring his entire family along. Wouldn’t that include elder song and song Zhengping? “I’ve misunderstood! “Look at you, you’re so anxious ...” Song Rui put his arm around Xia ruofei’s shoulder and smiled cheekily.”I’m just here to thank you. That’s why I’m taking you to see what a rotten life is like. You’re the one who doesn’t appreciate it ...” “Thank you!” Xia ruofei rolled his eyes and said,”do you think I’m just looking for an excuse to go back to the three mountains? I have a lot of things to deal with at home! You can do whatever you want! I won’t keep you company ...” “Tsk, how boring ...” Song Rui said in disdain. The two of them bickered as they walked out of the departure hall. A black Mercedes – Benz was already waiting at the door, and a burly man in a black suit and sunglasses quickly greeted them.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)