Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

2286 Immediate results (2)

After sending Wu Qiang away, Xia ruofei saw Liu Chongli walking towards him.

“President Xia!”

“Hello, President Liu!” Xia ruofei said with a smile.

The two of them exchanged some pleasantries before Liu Chongli personally showed Xia ruofei around the small villa.

It turned out that this was one of the Liu family’s properties, and it had always been in a semi – Idle state. It was just that old man Liu would occasionally come here to stay for a few days.

This time, Xia ruofei had suggested to treat old master Liu in a secluded place, but he did not want to do it in the Liu family’s mansion. Hence, old master Liu had decided to stay here. The Liu family had hurriedly sent people to clean up the place and brought old master Liu from the hospital.

The environment here was indeed not bad. It was located in the suburbs of the capital, and there were no noisy high – rise buildings around. The courtyard environment was also very quiet.

The room was quickly tidied up, and Liu Qunfeng personally came to invite Xia ruofei to rest.

Xia ruofei knew that elder Liu must have something to tell Liu Qunfeng and Liu Chongli, so he nodded and followed Liu Qunfeng to the room next to elder Liu ‘s.

The room was clean and tidy, looking very refreshing.

This was a small suite. Other than a large bedroom, there was a small study room, a guest room, and a large independent bathroom. The bedroom was connected to the balcony, and when he pushed open the door to the balcony, he could see the fields in the suburbs. The view was very wide.

The room was filled with the faint scent of Cape Jasmine. The scent came from a vase on the window sill, which had fresh flowers inside.

Xia ruofei was very satisfied with the room. He leaned back on the sofa by the balcony and closed his eyes to take a nap.

In the evening, the Liu family prepared a sumptuous dinner for Xia ruofei.

Liu Chongli, Liu Qunfeng, and the others were like stars surrounding the moon as they expressed their gratitude to Xia ruofei.

To Xia ruofei’s surprise, Liu haofan was called back.

Seeing Xia ruofei in such a situation, Liu haofan looked a little embarrassed. Xia ruofei, on the other hand, was calm and even greeted Liu haofan with a smile.

Under Liu Qunfeng’s urging, Liu haofan apologized to Xia ruofei unwillingly. He expressed that he had been thoughtless in his actions and had offended Xia ruofei. He hoped that Xia ruofei would be magnanimous and forgive him.

In reality, Liu haofan didn’t gain any advantage from Xia ruofei, Zhao Yongjun, and the others. Instead, he lost a large sum of money, allowing Xia ruofei and the others to obtain that piece of land at a price lower than the market price. Now, the Paradise society had already become famous in the capital before it even started its business. Naturally, Liu haofan was jealous and resentful.

However, to Liu Qunfeng and the others, Liu haofan had opposed Xia ruofei’s group during the auction in order to save face. Later on, he couldn’t control the situation and sold the land to Xia ruofei’s group at a low price. Then, he brought his men to cause trouble at the foundation laying ceremony of the peach blossom society. They thought that this would definitely make Xia ruofei unhappy.

Now that old master Liu’s condition was in Xia ruofei’s hands, they were worried that Xia ruofei would hold a grudge against him and refuse to treat old master Liu with all his heart. Hence, they called Liu haofan over without any explanation.

Xia ruofei expressed magnanimously that the matter was over and he had never taken it to heart.

As for whether it was true or not, only Xia ruofei knew in his heart. Anyway, he and Liu haofan seemed to be harmonious on the surface, and they smiled when they met, but in fact, Xia ruofei knew exactly what Liu haofan was thinking.

However, he didn’t care at all. He and Liu haofan weren’t on the same side anyway. This kind of brainless rich kid couldn’t pose a threat to him at all.

If it was someone like Liu Qunfeng or Liu Chongli, Xia ruofei might be a little afraid, but Liu haofan ...

Elder Liu was still very weak, so he naturally couldn’t attend the dinner.

After Xia ruofei had his dinner, he took a few steps in the courtyard before returning to his room to retrieve his medical kit. He then performed acupuncture on elder Liu.

The consumption of energy from acupuncture was nothing to Xia ruofei. Basically, after he was done with acupuncture, he could recover completely with a short rest.

However, this kind of acupuncture was quite effective on old man Liu. Although the warm and swollen feeling was a little strange, he immediately felt as if the power in his body had been awakened after the acupuncture. It was a long – Lost feeling.

After the acupuncture session, Xia ruofei rested for a while before letting old man Liu take the pill.

After waiting for a while, Xia ruofei observed for a while and did not find any problems. He got up and said good night to elder Liu and told him to rest quickly. Then, he returned to his room.

It was a quiet night.

The next morning, Xia ruofei woke up early. Taking advantage of the fact that it was still early, he sat on his bed and cultivated for a while.

The Liu family had prepared a sumptuous breakfast. After Xia ruofei had his breakfast, he went over to check on old master Liu and felt that he was in good condition.

Old man Liu had a good night’s sleep last night. It was the first time he had such a good sleep at night without the help of painkillers since he was diagnosed with the disease.

After a night of uneasiness, old man Liu had more confidence in Xia ruofei. Qianqian had taken two pills the day before and he really didn’t feel the piercing pain anymore. For old man Liu, who felt it was a luxury to have a full sleep, last night was a very good sleep.

After a while, Wu Qiang also drove over.

Xia ruofei said a few words and bade farewell to old master Liu. He got into Wu Qiang’s Elfa business car and returned to the courtyard in liuhai Lane.

For the next few days, Xia ruofei went to the Liu family’s courtyard in the suburbs of Beijing every three days to check on elder Liu’s body and do acupuncture.

Xia ruofei’s life in the capital had become very regular.

Old man Liu’s complexion was getting better day by day. He could even get out of bed now, but with the help of the caretaker, he could sit up from the bed. However, this was already a great improvement for him. Once, he was completely lying on the bed, eating, drinking, and peeing.

For this old general who had spent his entire life in the military, this was truly a bit of a sorry state.

Now that old master Liu’s condition was gradually improving, the entire Liu family could not help but secretly heave a sigh of relief.

Other than going to the clinic every three days, Xia ruofei spent most of his time in the courtyard house. Occasionally, he would go back to the nearby Houhai Park for a walk.

Of course, he would contact Dong Yun and the others who had taken over miles Corporation in Jiangsu and Zhejiang Province every day to check on the progress there.

For such a large Pharmaceutical Group, the handover process was naturally very complicated. Not to mention other things, just the financial staff had to make an inventory of the accounts over the years, which required a lot of time and energy.

Fortunately, she had the support of the song family’s employees. The song family’s leader was a member of elder song’s grandnephew’s family. He knew more about the Liu family’s situation and helped Dong Yun check on the situation.

Xue Jinshan also temporarily put down his work and headed to Jiangsu and Zhejiang Province to meet up with Dong Yun and the others.

As soon as he arrived at the hotel where the reception team was staying, he didn’t even bother to chat with his colleagues. He couldn’t wait to get some information and data from miles Pharmaceutical Group.

Miles had more than ten branches all over the country. Of course, the proportion was still higher in the coastal provinces like Jiangsu, Zhejiang, and Southeast provinces.

Xue Jinshan combined the information he had obtained and asked the driver to take him to each sub – Factory for an inspection every day. He knew the most about the machines and equipment in these pharmaceutical sub – factories.

Because it involved the merger of these pharmaceutical sub – factories into the peach blossom company, Xue Jinshan’s focus was on the location of these sub – factories and the equipment of each factory.

Xue Jinshan needed to determine the requirements for a fully automatic production line as soon as possible based on these specific conditions. This was also a very difficult task. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Other than taking over the pharmaceutical company, Xia ruofei also realized that the official Weibo accounts of xiangnan TV, life you yearn for, and Tao Yuan company all revealed that he was a guest in the first episode of the show.

When the news came out, the netizens were all excited ...