Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

2287 Leisurely (1)

Although Qin Yanan was on a business trip in the capital, the small team she was in charge of was still under her control. Xia ruofei’s personal Weibo account was also maintained by this team of secretaries.

Therefore, although Xia ruofei had not been on Weibo recently, he had still posted two pieces of news related to the show.

One of them was a repost of the program’s official Weibo exposing Xia ruofei’s participation in the program. The other post was simple with only a few words: I’ll be waiting for you in life I yearn for! The accompanying pictures were carefully selected by Qin Yanan, all of which were taken by the festival group’s professional photographers.

Weibo’s netizens were very active in leaving comments, especially now that there were many hardcore fans of Xia ruofei and Ling Qingxue on the internet. They had spontaneously formed a “president’s support group” and shared the news of Xia ruofei’s participation in the recording of “life you yearn for”.

Because of this, xiangnan satellite TV also gained a wave of viewership. The show had not even started broadcasting, but the attention on it immediately rose by a large amount.

In fact, there was a fixed routine in variety entertainment. The ancient people paid attention to the food before the soldiers and horses were mobilized, and the operation planning of variety shows was also well – versed in this. The show had not even started broadcasting, and some warm – up actions had already been planned and launched in the planning and recording stage. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

For example, when the life I yearn for visited the filming location for this season, it caused a lot of discussion on the internet. Several locations were exposed to be the filming locations for this season’s show, and there were even photos of the crew visiting the locations.

In the end, the shooting location was chosen to be in Xiaotang town, a suburbs of Beijing, which surprised many onlookers.

Since the program had started recording, the festival team naturally had people in charge of the operations to increase the popularity before the broadcast.

Xia ruofei’s participation in the show naturally became the biggest selling point, and the effect was obvious.

This was also the reason why many movies, TV series, and variety shows liked to invite young and fresh meat. Even if the acting skills of these young and fresh meat were worse than those of the veteran actors, even if the pay of these young and fresh meat was countless times higher than that of many senior actors with excellent acting skills, the crew would still be like ducks.

The reason was simple. Traffic meant attention and exposure.

Xia ruofei’s popularity on the internet was not as exaggerated as some young male stars. It was impossible for him to have hundreds of millions of reposts that insulted the IQ of netizens just by posting a message about dyeing his hair on Weibo. However, his fans were real. Xia ruofei did not need to spend money to buy traffic or Trending Searches. His popularity was real.

The effect of the promotion could be seen from this. Although Xia ruofei only had one – tenth of the number of fans compared to those male idols, the number of shares and comments rose steadily after the Weibo post was released. Moreover, these shares and comments were obviously operated by real accounts. Most of them were active old accounts and would not have the same situation as those male idols. The pile of comments was made up of numbers.

The crew even called Qin Yanan to express their gratitude. Xia ruofei had indeed helped them a lot in this round of publicity.

……

Soon, a week had passed. Xia ruofei’s days in the capital were more relaxed. He went to elder Liu’s place every three days to perform acupuncture on him and check his body.

After taking the pill that contained the petals of the spirit Heart Flower, elder Liu’s condition had obviously stabilized. He strictly followed Xia ruofei’s advice and stopped taking other drugs, including painkillers. He did not feel any severe pain for the past week.

For old man Liu, who had been tormented by his illness for so long, this week was like a God’s life. He was not tormented by any illness and could sleep well every day. This was something that was within reach for ordinary people, but it was extremely precious in old man Liu’s eyes.

Old man Liu’s complexion had also improved significantly. His face was a lot rosier, and although he still looked very thin, he was in much better spirits.

Previously, there were some objections from the Liu family, but no one dared to voice it out because of old master Liu’s prestige. However, after a week of treatment, all the noise had disappeared. Everyone in the Liu family was grateful when they saw Xia ruofei.

If he was polite on the surface before, he was grateful from the heart now. Even Liu haojun’s father, Liu Qunfeng, didn’t hate Xia ruofei so much.

After all, old man Liu was the pillar of the Liu family. As long as he was still alive, the foundation of the Liu family would not be shaken. In comparison, although Liu haojun’s future was bleak, the latter was obviously more important than the interests of the entire Liu family.

Of course, Xia ruofei was well aware that old man Liu’s condition had only stabilized. In fact, the cancer cells in his body were still present. As the amount of medicine used was not enough, it was far from killing the cancer cells. It had only suppressed them and made them less active.

Other than the treatment once every three days, Xia ruofei had nothing to do.

He would occasionally have a small gathering with Zhao Yong Jun and the others, or go to the Paradise society’s construction site to take a look.

After all, he was still the major shareholder of the peach blossom Association. It was fine if he wasn’t in the capital in the past, but now, it would be a little unreasonable if he were to be a hands – off manager.

Of course, Zhao Yongjun and the others had arranged the details in an orderly manner. Xia ruofei was more of just going over to take a look.

The life I yearn for was still in the midst of filming.

Before filming started, Hunan TV had already coordinated the schedules of several permanent guests, so they could basically guarantee continuous filming.

As the filming location was inside the Paradise society, Xia ruofei went to visit them. The guests for that episode were a few talk show actors who had become more popular recently. Xia ruofei was not very familiar with them and only went to say hello.

He Jiong, Huang Lei, Zhang Xing and Peng Chang were also very happy to see Xia ruofei. They even came over to chat with him for a while during the break between recording, then everyone took a few group photos.

On the way back to siheyuan, Xia ruofei casually posted the group photo that He Jiong sent on Weibo with a caption:

Today, he couldn’t help but go to the production team again. He saw his dear teacher he and the others and ate the fried sauce noodles that he had been longing for for several days. He suddenly felt comfortable. This was the life he had been yearning for!

After the Weibo post was posted, the netizens burst into laughter.

“President Xia, did the festival team pay you for your notice? It’s basically a free release for the next episode!”

“This is the first guest in the history of this show to take the initiative to request to return to the show and put it into practice! You’re so cute, President Xia!”

“This group photo is really full of gay love!”

……

Xia ruofei was also smiling as he scrolled through the Weibo comments. He was in a good mood when he saw the netizens ‘imaginative comments.

Just then, his phone vibrated.

Xia ruofei, who was scrolling through Weibo, was stunned when he saw the caller ID. He quickly picked up the call.

“Weiwei!” Xia ruofei called out happily.

This was the first time Song Wei had called him since he came to Beijing.

Xia ruofei even went to Capital University in his spare time. However, Song Wei did not come out to meet him. This made him rather depressed. It was not easy for Qianqian to tell everything to Ling Qingxue. The two girls had basically acquiesced to this situation. However, the subsequent script seemed to be a little different from what he had imagined ...

“Ruofei, something happened to my dad ...” Song Wei said in a panic as she sobbed.