Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

2294 Critically injured (2)

At this point, Fang Liyun also burst into tears.

Song Wei looked helplessly at the ‘operation in progress’ light in the operating room and turned to look at Xia ruofei.

According to Fang Liyun’s description, song Qiming’s injury was so serious that he was basically sentenced to death. The doctor had only carried out the skull operation because of the instructions of the provincial leader. Moreover, song Qiming’s status was special. If the operation was not carried out, the hospital would not be able to bear the responsibility of not being able to save him. Therefore, such an operation was more of a gesture and had no practical significance.

Xia ruofei had no other way out.

Xia ruofei took a step forward and said,”aunty, is uncle song still in surgery?” I want to go in and take a look, maybe I can help!”

“Right! Mom, let RUO Fei go in and take a look!” Song Wei quickly said.

Fang Liyun hesitated for a moment. The General Hospital had gathered the best experts in the hospital, and even the neurosurgery experts of 301 Hospital were directly involved in the work in the operating theater through remote video calls. The emergency rescue was being carried out inside, and at this time, family members were not allowed to enter.

Of course, Fang Liyun was song Qiming’s wife. If she insisted, the hospital would not dare to stop her. However, what if something went wrong?

Fang Liyun recalled the time when Song Wei was infected by the terrible poison. At that time, none of her teammates who went into the tomb with Song Wei survived. Only Song Wei was fully recovered with Xia ruofei’s treatment. This gave her a glimmer of hope.

Just as Fang Liyun was hesitating, the operating room’s indicator light went off.

There was a commotion in the crowd waiting outside. Fang Liyun did not even bother to talk to Xia ruofei. She quickly walked to the door of the operating room and waited anxiously.

Soon, the door of the operating room slid open gently. A doctor in a dark green Sterile Surgical Gown took off his blood – stained gloves and mask as he quickly walked out.

“Professor Chen, how’s Qiming?” Fang Liyun asked impatiently.

The chief surgeon, professor Chen, was the director of the neurosurgery department in the General Hospital. He was also a professor – Level expert who enjoyed special subsidies from the State Council. His technical level was higher than the Dean and political commissar of the General Hospital, and he was a civilian Major General.

He looked at Fang Liyun and said with a serious face,”Madam song, we’ve already cleaned up the blood clot in Secretary song’s brain and treated the bleeding point, but ... His injuries are too serious. According to our judgment, his brain damage is so serious that he’s on the verge of brain death. I’m afraid ...”

Fang Liyun’s vision suddenly turned black, and her body swayed. The female staff from the municipal Party Committee quickly held her.

Song Wei was dumbfounded when she heard this. She could not believe that her father was gone ...

The others, including song Qiming’s Secretary Guangzhi Cao and the other officials from the Provincial Party Committee and Municipal Party Committee, were shocked.

Xia ruofei was the only one who remained calm. He took a step forward and said,””Professor Chen, I need to check on uncle song’s condition!”

“You are ...” Professor Chen was stunned.

At this moment, a voice rang out,””Are you Mr. Xia ruofei?”

Xia ruofei turned around and saw a Senior Colonel in an army uniform. He didn’t know who he was but he nodded and said,””I’m ...”

Song Wei and Fang Liyun also said, “He’s Xia ruofei!”

At this time, professor Chen and the others who were at the door of the operating room reacted and quickly greeted the senior Colonel.

“Dean Gao!”

“You’re here, Dean Gao!”

It turned out that the senior Colonel was Gao Yuan, the director of the military general Hospital. After confirming Xia ruofei’s identity, he nodded at Xia ruofei and said to professor Chen,””Professor, please take Mr. Xia into the operating room and cooperate with him!”

“Director, this ...” Professor Chen was a little confused.

“Professor Chen,” Gao Yuan said,”this is the order from the chief of the joint Logistics support force. Follow the order!”

Although professor Chen was a highly respected expert, and even the Dean, Gao Yuan, had to be polite and respectful to him, he was also a soldier. It was a soldier’s duty to obey orders.

Therefore, even though professor Chen had many questions in his mind, he still put on a serious face and said,””Yes!”

Just as professor Chen was about to invite Xia ruofei into the operating room, Gao Yuan thought for a moment, pulled professor Chen aside, and whispered something into his ear.

Professor Chen was shocked. Gao Yuan patted professor Chen’s shoulder and said,””Old Chen, stop daydreaming. Do as I say. Remember, this is an order from the higher – ups!”

Professor Chen immediately understood. He nodded and said,””I understand, director!”

Then, professor Chen said to Xia ruofei,””Mr. Xia, please follow me!”

Xia ruofei nodded and followed professor Chen. The two of them entered the operating area.

As the door of the operating room closed, Song Wei grabbed Fang Liyun’s arm tightly and said,””Mom! Don’t worry ... RUO Fei will definitely have a way!”

Fang Liyun forced a smile and said,””Weiwei, we still have to be mentally prepared. If your father ... Then we’ll only have each other to rely on in the future ...”

“Mom!” Song Wei sniffed and said. Don’t say anymore! Dad will be fine ...”

……

In the operating area, professor Chen walked along the corridor and said to Xia ruofei,””Mr. Xia, please come with me to disinfect your wound and change into a Sterile Surgical Gown ...”

Xia ruofei said,”professor, it’s more important to save her!” Let’s just skip all these procedures! I must see uncle song immediately!”

Normally, professor Chen would have strongly opposed such a serious violation of medical procedures. In this operating room, as the chief surgeon, he was the boss. Even the director Gao Yuan could not enter without disinfection.

However, he thought of what Gao Yuan had whispered to him just now. He hesitated for a moment and nodded with difficulty,””Alright then!”

Professor Chen brought Xia ruofei to an operating room.

There were at least a dozen medical staff working on the post – Operation, and they were all stunned when they saw professor Chen walking in with a stranger without even changing his clothes.

Xia ruofei saw song Qiming lying on the operating table at first glance. To be honest, he did not recognize the song Qiming at first glance. His head injury was serious and his face was swollen. He had just undergone a craniotomy and his hair was shaved. He was a completely different person from the song Qiming he knew. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Professor Chen, I’d like to spend some time alone with uncle song. Please ...” Xia ruofei said.

“Alright!” Professor Chen nodded and said,”let’s leave for now.”

In the operating room, professor Chen’s words were like an imperial edict. The medical staff stepped out without hesitation.

Professor Chen reminded him again,”pay attention to the confidentiality of today’s matter. No one is allowed to spread it!” You can’t tell anyone, not even your family, wife, or children. Do you understand?”

Professor Chen did not hesitate to give the order to keep quiet. This was a military hospital, so the discipline here was much better than that of ordinary hospitals. The doctors and nurses all nodded in agreement.

After everyone had left, professor Chen said to Xia ruofei,””Mr. Xia, I’ll take my leave first. By the way, in order to preserve information, the operating theater’s video system will always be on. Please understand. ”

“No problem!” Xia ruofei replied nonchalantly.

As long as he didn’t want to, even if a hundred cameras were set up around him, they wouldn’t be able to capture the real picture.

Professor Chen nodded and looked deeply at Xia ruofei before he walked out of the operating room.

When Xia ruofei saw that the door to the operating room was tightly shut, he took a deep breath and walked towards the operating table ...