Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

2295 Unconscious (1)

There were still some bloodstains on song Qiming’s swollen face. There was a circle of obvious knife marks on his shaved head, left by an open – skull operation. It looked a little scary.

If an ordinary person saw this scene, their legs would go soft. However, Xia ruofei had seen blood on the battlefield. Naturally, he would not be affected by this.

He quickly stepped forward, put his hand into his pocket, and took out a few pieces of jade from the medium. He waved his hand and arranged them around the operating table.

This was a small array plate that Xia ruofei had made on a whim. Its function was simple. It could interfere with the surrounding aura. Not only was it soundproof, but it could also prevent the camera from taking a clear shot.

It wasn’t completely impossible to capture, but the image would become a little blurry and distorted, as if it was separated by a thick fog.

With the interference of the formation, Xia ruofei did not have to worry about the surgery recording system.

The moment he finished setting up the array, he took out a spirit Heart Flower petal from space. He did not dare to touch it with his hands. He used his mental power to hold it and placed it on song Qiming’s head.

As soon as the petals of the spirit Heart Flower came into contact with song Qiming’s head, they melted at a speed visible to the naked eye, like snow meeting the scorching sun.

After using a petal of the spirit Heart Flower, Xia ruofei gently pressed his hand on song Qiming’s head and used a trace of spiritual power to check.

Xia ruofei was in a hurry because song Qiming’s injuries were too serious.

The most important thing was that he had injured his head. According to professor Chen, Song Qiming’s brain was severely damaged and he was on the verge of brain death.

Xia ruofei did not know. Once the brain died, but the vital signs were still maintained by the instruments, would it be considered a true death?

After the brain cells were dead, even if they could be repaired by the petals of the spirit Heart Flower, could the person’s consciousness be restored? What about his memory? Or was his soul still there?

The structure of the brain was too complicated and Xia ruofei had no confidence in it. Hence, the safest choice was to use a petal of the spirit Heart Flower as quickly as possible.

After Xia ruofei’s spiritual energy entered song Qiming’s brain, he could not help but take a deep breath. He could clearly feel that the recovery energy of the spirit Heart Flower petals was being consumed rapidly. His brain was like a broken fishing net, with wounds everywhere. Even with the recovery of the spirit Heart Flower petals, Xia ruofei was still shocked.

How serious was his injury?

Xia ruofei finally understood why professor Chen would make such a judgment. If it were not for the leader’s instructions and song Qiming’s special status, the hospital would have declared that there was no need to save him if it were someone else with the same injury.

Song Qiming was still lying quietly on the operating table, showing no signs of waking up. However, Xia ruofei was sure that one petal of the spirit Heart Flower was not enough.

Without any hesitation, he took out the second petal and carefully placed it on song Qiming’s head with his spiritual power.

The petal also melted quickly and was absorbed by song Qiming’s body.

Time passed by.

Xia ruofei had been using his spiritual power to observe the recovery of song Qiming’s brain. He had used a total of four petals of the spirit Heart Flower before the internal injury of song Qiming’s brain was basically healed. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

After that, Xia ruofei did not take out any more petals.

He was not worried about the loss of petals. In fact, Xia ruofei had saved a considerable number of petals. There were hundreds of them. Even without his relationship with Song Wei, he would not care about four petals just because of elder song’s trust.

However, he really couldn’t continue using it in his current situation.

Because if he used another piece, the wounds on his face, body, and even the wounds caused by opening his head would probably be healed. That would be a bit shocking.

Now, the internal injuries of his brain were basically healed, but it was not obvious from the outside. Unless they did a CT scan of his brain, the hospital would not do such a meaningless examination.

If song Qiming could slowly recover in a few days, it would not matter if he had another examination. After all, the structure of the brain was very complicated. Human medicine had developed to this day, but the research on the brain was still very limited. Many things that had happened here could not be explained by science. Even if song Qiming’s brain injury recovered quickly, it would not cause a huge uproar. At least, it would not be more shocking than the fact that he had recovered in just 20 to 30 minutes.

Song Qiming’s injury was not a big deal. Although it looked scary and he had multiple fractures, Xia ruofei could heal him in minutes if he wanted to.

The bigger problem now was that even though the injuries in his brain had almost been healed, song Qiming still showed no signs of waking up. It was as if his soul had fallen into a deep sleep and he had no reaction to external stimuli.

Of course, Xia ruofei did not study Western medicine. What he understood was that external stimulation was something like the calling of one’s loved ones. It was not the stimulation in Western medicine.

Xia ruofei did not know that professor Chen and the medical staff had already determined that song Qiming was brain dead in the operating room.

There were strict standards for the diagnosis of brain death, such as the complete stop of spontaneous breathing, which could only be maintained by a ventilator. There were also a series of brainstem reflex tests, such as the pupil’s reflex to light, the trachea’s asphyxiation reflex, and so on, which were also combined with the wave of the brain wave.