Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

2296 Unconscious (2)

Song Qiming’s status was special, so professor Chen followed the procedure strictly and did not dare to make a single mistake.

Unfortunately, according to the complicated procedure of brain death diagnosis, song Qiming’s current condition fulfilled almost all the conditions.

The reason why professor Chen didn’t immediately determine brain death was that, according to the procedure, a second diagnosis had to be done after three hours. If the result was the same as the first diagnosis and there was no improvement, then he could be officially determined as brain dead. Moreover, the time of death was determined by the second diagnosis.

This was a very rigorous process.

Therefore, professor Chen did not immediately make a diagnosis of brain death. It was not because song Qiming still had a chance of survival, but because of the procedure.

Xia ruofei did not understand the situation, but he was sure that song Qiming’s life was no longer in danger. The reason why he had not woken up needed further examination.

The operating theater was obviously not a suitable place.

Hence, Xia ruofei quickly made the decision to put an end to the treatment.

However, before he left the operating room, Xia ruofei took out a set of silver needles from the medium. After a moment of silence, he quickly pierced seven or eight silver needles into song Qiming’s neck and several acupuncture points on his body. Then, he used the long – Lost acupuncture technique to transfer a small wisp of genuine Qi into song Qiming’s body.

The reason why he did this was to give the impression that he had treated song Qiming through traditional Chinese medicine. This was also a foreshadowing for song Qiming’s recovery in the future. Although it was already incredible to use Traditional Chinese Medicine to save such a severely injured person, it was much less shocking than not doing anything and making a person recover. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Of course, the acupuncture was not just for show. Xia ruofei’s acupuncture techniques were inherited from the precious lost ancient medical books. He had also taken song Qiming’s current trauma situation into consideration and specially selected a few acupuncture points. With the help of the cultivator’s unique genuine Qi, the acupuncture could strengthen the foundation and strengthen the vitality, locking song Qiming’s life.

Moreover, using this method of acupuncture, the silver needles had to be placed on the acupuncture points within an hour. Only in this way could the stimulation of several acupuncture points produce a linked effect and stabilize the foundation of the body.

Xia ruofei twisted the last silver needle and flicked the end of the needle. The silver needle immediately vibrated at a special frequency.

He had done similar operations several times in the short span of a few minutes. This was the last time he would use this acupuncture treatment.

When he was done, the last silver needle was still trembling slightly. Xia ruofei stood up and waved his hand to retrieve the Jade stones that were used as the base of the array around the operating table. Then, he opened the door of the operating room and walked out.

……

In fact, professor Chen had been watching the situation in the operating room from a large room next door.

This place was similar to the command Hall in the military. The images of different operating theaters could be viewed on the big screen at any time, and instructions could be given directly to the operating theaters through the microphone.

This Hall was set up in the operating area.

Professor Chen even asked the staff to leave the operating room. Then, he personally operated on song Qiming’s operating room. He was fully focused on the situation.

However, he only saw Xia ruofei wave his hand, and then the image became distorted. It was as if there was a layer of fog, and he could not see anything clearly.

At first, professor Chen thought there was something wrong with the camera.

There was naturally more than one camera in the operating theater. In fact, there were at least five cameras around the operating table, and they could see the situation on the operating table from different angles. They were all transmitted through optical fiber over the network, so the images were quite clear.

Therefore, professor Chen immediately switched to the other cameras in the operating room. He soon found that the images captured by all the cameras were the same. They were all distorted and blurry. He could only see vague figures, as if he was looking at flowers in a fog. He could not see anything clearly at all.

Professor Chen called the technical staff back and checked for a long time, but they did not find any problems. The images in the other operating rooms were completely normal.

After all, professor Chen was a soldier. He noticed that Xia ruofei had waved her hand before the image blurred. It seemed like something had been thrown out.

He quickly made his own guess. Xia ruofei must not want others to see his treatment process, so he used a very high – end shielding device.

This kind of shielding equipment might be unique to the military.

Professor Chen took into account that it was the chief of the joint Logistics support team who had personally given the order. Before he came in, director Gao Yuan had specially pulled him aside and whispered a few words to him. Gao Yuan’s meaning was clear. The chief had instructed him to fully cooperate with Xia ruofei. Any request related to treatment must be met unconditionally. Besides, Gao Yuan also said that they should strictly follow the chief’s instructions. Even if song Qiming eventually died from his serious injuries, the General Hospital would not be held responsible with Xia ruofei’s participation.

If it was another patient, professor Chen would not agree to such a “blind treatment”. However, song Qiming was different. Professor Chen knew that song Qiming was already brain dead. He was only one step away from the procedure. No matter how Xia ruofei treated him, the result would not be worse.

Therefore, professor Chen hesitated for a moment and gave up the idea of going to the operating room personally. He sat in the “command Hall” and looked at the blurry image.

He sat there for another ten to twenty minutes. Then, he saw the image of the operating theater on the big screen flash for a moment before it became clear again.

Professor Chen even saw Xia ruofei put something into his pocket when the video was restored. He was even more certain that Xia ruofei must have used a very powerful shielding device.

Professor Chen also saw that song Qiming’s eyes were still closed, but there were a few silver needles on his head and upper body.

“Mr. Xia is so young, but he knows Chinese medicine?” Professor Chen muttered in his heart.

However, he was not optimistic about Xia ruofei’s treatment. After all, Chinese medicine focused on the whole body. This was the biggest difference between Chinese medicine and Western medicine. It was also because of this difference that Chinese medicine usually took a longer time to take effect. When it came to dealing with external injuries, Western medicine clearly had the advantage.

In professor Chen’s opinion, Traditional Chinese Medicine would not be able to help song Qiming’s feelings.

Professor Chen saw Xia ruofei walking straight out of the operating room. He quickly stood up and walked through the corridor to the operating room.

“Mr. Xia!” Professor Chen greeted Xia ruofei with a slight nod.

Xia ruofei smiled.”Professor Chen, I’ve finished the first stage of my treatment. Could you please arrange a room for uncle song?”

Professor Chen didn’t plan to arrange any more rooms for song Qiming. After all, the resources of the ICU were limited, and there was no need to waste them. In his opinion, as long as he performed the diagnosis procedure, he could announce that song Qiming was brain dead.

However, since Xia ruofei had suggested it, he could not reject his request. He could not say that there was no need to arrange a room for him and that he could only wait for the announcement of his death in two hours.

So, professor Chen thought for a moment and said,””Okay, I will arrange for the ICU right away!”

Xia ruofei nodded and said,”thank you for your hard work!” I’ll just wait here! By the way, don’t touch the silver needles I left on uncle song’s body for an hour. Please be careful when you transfer him to another room. ”

Professor Chen didn’t think much of it, but he still nodded and said,””Alright, don’t worry! I’ll pass down the order!”