Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

2298 A little strange (2)

Song Wei gave Xia ruofei a sidelong glance. Xia ruofei said awkwardly,””Auntie, you’re welcome. This is what I should do.”

Fang Liyun was in a state of shock, so she didn’t notice that there was something wrong with his words. She only asked with concern,”Ruofei, when can we go and see Qiming?”

“Right! Ruofei, I want to see my father!” Song Wei quickly said.

Song Wei felt as if the sky was falling down when she heard about her father’s accident. She felt as if she was dreaming. She was doing her research in the afternoon at Capital University, but now she was in San Shan, and her father was still unconscious ...

Xia ruofei said,”aunt Fang, Song Wei, uncle song has been sent to the intensive care unit. However, he’s in a coma now. If you go to see him, he won’t feel anything ... I suggest that you don’t go to see him for the time being.”

Xia ruofei had considered that song Qiming’s current appearance was a little scary. He did not want to cause any psychological trauma to Fang Liyun and Song Wei. Anyway, the sadness was under control. The most important thing now was to let song Qiming regain consciousness.

Of course, from Fang Liyun and Song Wei’s point of view, they were eager to meet Song Qiming. Therefore, both of them wanted to say something but stopped themselves.

Xia ruofei quickly added,”aunty Fang, you don’t look too well. Besides, Song Wei has been on the move for a long time. She hasn’t even eaten anything yet. I suggest you take a rest. I believe uncle song wouldn’t want to see you like this either ... I’ll keep an eye on you. No matter what happens, I’ll inform you immediately. Is that okay?”

Guangzhi Cao also tried to persuade her,”aunty, just listen to ruofei!” Go and rest for a while, I’ll stay here with President Xia. ”

Fang Liyun thought for a while and finally nodded,”Okay ... But I don’t want to leave the hospital, so I’ll just stay here!”

“No problem!” Guangzhi Cao said immediately,”I’ll get someone to make the arrangements!”

For a tertiary Grade A hospital like the General Hospital, which was one of the top hospitals in the province, the resources for ordinary wards were definitely more limited. However, this military hospital had set up Ward for senior cadres, so leading cadres above the military division level and leading cadres above the local department level could enjoy the treatment of senior cadres. The resources in the senior cadres ‘Ward were redundant, so it was not difficult to arrange a room for Fang Liyun.

Strictly speaking, it was not a privilege. Leaders of a certain level would enjoy the same treatment. For example, at song Qiming’s level, the housekeeping and chef were the responsibility of the organization. Fang Liyun and Song Wei were staying in the hospital to take care of song Qiming, which was in accordance with the rules.

Guangzhi Cao made the arrangements very quickly. He asked a female worker from the municipal Party Committee to accompany Fang Liyun and Song Wei to the floor where the senior officials ‘wards were located.

Song Wei looked at Xia ruofei before she left.

Xia ruofei gave her a reassuring smile and made a phone call. Song Wei nodded and left the operating room with her mother.

Xia ruofei didn’t rush back to the ward. Instead, he pulled Guangzhi Cao aside and asked in a low voice,””Brother Cao, what’s going on? How could there be such a serious accident?” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

At song Qiming’s level, although he would not arrange for police cars to clear the way wherever he went, his safety was still guaranteed. It was extremely rare for a leader of his level to have such a serious traffic accident.

Guangzhi Cao let out a long sigh,”Secretary song went to Songping city for research today. Something happened on his way back ...”

After listening to Guangzhi Cao’s explanation, Xia ruofei finally had a general understanding of song Qiming’s accident.

It turned out that every provincial leader had to contact a poor County and give comprehensive guidance to the poverty relief work of the county. Coincidentally, Songping city and Sanshan city were corresponding support cities. As the head of Sanshan city, song Qiming contacted one of the poor counties under Songping city, qinzheng Tong County.

This morning, song Qiming had signed a contract for a project he had personally introduced in Zhengtong County. If the project was successfully implemented, it would greatly improve the economic environment of Zhengtong County and increase a large number of jobs. Therefore, song Qiming was very happy and decided to attend the signing ceremony in person.

He had left San Shan early in the morning, only bringing his driver and Secretary Guangzhi Cao. It took him more than three hours to reach Zhengtong County.

The contract signing ceremony went smoothly. As he had to attend a meeting at San Shan in the afternoon, song Qiming did not even have lunch and got in the car to rush back.

It started drizzling halfway through the journey, and the surface of the highway was soon wet. The driver was very careful on the way, and he did not drive too fast.

However, some things couldn’t be avoided. When they were about an hour away from returning to San Shan, an accident still happened.

It was a highway exit. The light truck in front was moving slowly but occupied the left – most Lane. Therefore, song Qiming’s driver decided to overtake it from the right.

Then, just as the speed increased, the light truck seemed to suddenly realize that it had missed the expressway. It slammed on the brakes and turned right at the same time, trying to force its way into the ramp.

Song Qiming’s car was speeding up on the right side. The driver could not react in time and could only subconsciously turn right. However, the light truck still grazed the driver’s car, causing the car to slip and spin on the highway.

Just then, a heavy truck behind them couldn’t brake in time and hit song Qiming’s car. The car was directly pushed against the guardrail between the highway and the ramp. The car was severely deformed and scrapped on the spot.

Because the car was spinning and slipping, the spot where the truck hit happened to be at the back of the car, where song Qiming was sitting.

Although song Qiming had also fastened his seat belt, it was of no help in that situation. The entire rear part of the car had been twisted into scrap metal. Song Qiming, who was sitting inside, was also seriously injured. He went into shock on the spot.

The driver and Guangzhi Cao were sitting in the front, so they only had some minor injuries.

Guangzhi Cao tried to stop all the cars on the highway. In the end, a military vehicle passed by and took song Qiming to the hospital.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but say,””So, it’s just an ordinary traffic accident?”

Guangzhi Cao said,”from the looks of it, it should be ... There are too many killers on the highway these days!” This kind of person who changed lanes and even reversed at will, disregarding the lives of others, should be shot! The most infuriating thing is that the light truck that caused the accident fled the scene at the first moment!”

Guangzhi Cao couldn’t help but clench his fist in anger,”He can’t run away! There are surveillance cameras at the highway exits, so it’s very accurate!”

At this time, Guangzhi Cao’s phone rang.

Guangzhi Cao took out his phone and said,””President Xia, I’m sorry! I’ll take this call first!”

Xia ruofei smiled and nodded.

Guangzhi Cao didn’t try to hide anything and picked up the call right in front of Xia ruofei.””Cap li, did you find anything ... What? A fake license plate? How ... Oh ... Oh ... I know! You’ve all worked hard! Please continue to think of other ways, we must catch this person!”

After hanging up, Guangzhi Cao’s face looked terrible. He angrily put his phone back into his pocket and said to Xia ruofei,””The highway Traffic police have sent news. They checked the surveillance video immediately, but unfortunately, it was a car with a fake license plate. This lead is most likely gone ... Now the highway Traffic police are urgently looking at the surveillance videos of other roads, hoping to find some clues ...”

“Did the surveillance camera capture the pilot’s appearance?” Xia ruofei asked.

Guangzhi Cao said gloomily,”the highway is supposed to be equipped with high – definition cameras. We should be able to see everything clearly. But ... The driver was wearing a mask. The traffic police also checked the surveillance cameras at the few intersections ahead and found that the driver was wearing a mask the whole time. We couldn’t see his face at all ...”

Xia ruofei felt that something was wrong. He thought carefully and said,””Isn’t this too much of a coincidence? Brother Cao, I think there’s something fishy about this! It might not be an accident ...”

“President Xia, you’re suspect...That this was a planned attack?” Guangzhi Cao asked, surprised.

Xia ruofei nodded and said,”I suggest that we immediately investigate the truck that crashed into us and the driver!” There might be some unexpected gains!”