Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

2303 Suspicious points (3)

Xia ruofei then pushed the door open and walked in. Fang Liyun and Song Wei had already come up to him.

“Ruofei, is Qiming awake?” Fang Liyun asked eagerly.

Xia ruofei shook his head and said,””Not yet!”

Seeing the disappointment in Fang Liyun’s eyes, he quickly added,””But Auntie, don’t worry too much. I think uncle song’s life is no longer in danger. It’s just that the wound is on his head, so I can’t be sure when he’ll wake up. ”

“Thank you, ruofei ...” Fang Liyun said tiredly,”this result is good enough. After all, even professor Chen couldn’t do anything about it. Even if Qiming doesn’t wake up, you’ve already done your best!”

“Mom!” Song Wei quickly interjected. Don’t say such inauspicious words! Father will wake up soon, and ruofei will definitely have a way!”

Song Wei looked at Xia ruofei with hope.

Xia ruofei nodded and said,”yes!” Auntie! Today, I’m mainly here to stabilize uncle song’s condition. After all, it’s life – threatening. As for his current unconscious state, I still have some ideas, but they are not too mature yet. I need to think about it before I can come up with the best treatment plan. You don’t have to worry too much!”

“I know. Thank you, ruofei!” Fang Liyun said.

Xia ruofei smiled and said,”Auntie, you’re welcome!” By the way, it’s almost time to eat. What do you want to eat? I’ll get someone to send it over!” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Xia ruofei did not plan to bring the mother and daughter out for a meal as he considered the possible dangers outside. After all, the situation outside was more complicated. It was safer to have a hospital ward with a lot of energy.

“Ruofei, I don’t have any appetite now ... You and Weiwei can go ahead and eat!” Fang Liyun waved her hand.

“Auntie! People are made of iron! If you don’t eat or drink, your body will collapse soon. ” Xia ruofei said,”how are we going to take care of uncle song then?”

“Mom! Just listen to RUO Fei!” Song Wei said,”at least eat something!”

Fang Liyun let out a sigh, then nodded and said,”Okay then ... I’ll just have something light! I really don’t have much of an appetite!”

“Alright! I’ll make the arrangements!” Xia ruofei said.

Then, he gave Song Wei a look.

Song Wei immediately understood and said,”mom!” You should lie down and rest for a while! I’m also going out!”

“Alright, you guys go ahead!” Fang Liyun said tiredly. Take care of your safety ...”

“En!”

Xia ruofei nodded at Fang Liyun and left the ward with Song Wei.

He first called the female worker from the municipal Party Committee over and asked her to prepare dinner.

Since they were in the hospital, they were not that particular about food. Besides, Fang Liyun had requested for something light. Hence, Xia ruofei had asked the female staff to buy some congee with pork and century egg from a nearby restaurant. Then, they would buy a few steamed buns and a few side dishes for a simple meal.

He considered that if he were to stay in the hospital for the next few days, he might as well have Ling Ji’s food and beverage company prepare meals for a few people and send them over every day. This way, it would be clean, safe, and taste better.

After the female staff went to prepare dinner, Xia ruofei pulled Song Wei to the bench at the door of the ward and sat down.

Song Wei was smart and immediately asked in a low voice,”Ruofei, is my father’s condition not good?”