Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

2306 Nine cloud contact needles (1)

Xia ruofei was stunned.

He was not surprised that Ge Jun would see his acupuncture technique because he knew that there were surveillance cameras in the intensive care unit. Moreover, when he withdrew the needle, he did not deliberately avoid the cameras. It was a pure Chinese medicine technique, there was nothing to hide.

Xia ruofei did not react immediately when he heard Ge Jun say “six needles of the scraping cloud”. However, he quickly remembered that the acupuncture technique he used came from an ancient medical book that had been lost for a long time. It was similar to the name that Ge Jun had mentioned. However, it was not called “six needles of the scraping cloud” but “nine needles of the scraping cloud”.

Moreover, this kind of acupuncture technique did not require nine silver needles every time. The exact number of needles used and the method used were determined by the actual situation. For example, Xia ruofei used eight silver needles this time.

Xia ruofei was sure that Ge Jun’s “six piercing cloud” had a deep connection with his “nine piercing cloud” from the ancient medical book.

Ge Jun saw Xia ruofei’s hesitation and quickly explained,””Xiao Xia, I may have been a little abrupt, but this ‘cloud contact six needles’ is really too important to me. I don’t know if you have the time, but I’ll tell you slowly ...”

Ge Jun had obviously misunderstood and thought that Xia ruofei was unhappy that he had asked about his ability to make a living. Hence, he quickly and sincerely explained.

“Mr. GE, please elaborate,” Xia ruofei said with a smile.

“I’m not sure.” Ge Jun sighed and said,”actually, I’m not sure if the acupuncture technique you used is the ‘six cloud – contact needles’. It’s just that some of the techniques you used to withdraw the needles, including the choice of acupuncture points, gave me a strong sense of familiarity! Little Xia ... I’m not afraid of you laughing at me, but this ‘cloud contact six needles’ is my family’s Secret technique ...”

Ge Jun began to explain.

It turned out that Ge Jun’s family had a long history of knowledge. His family had been Traditional Chinese Medicine Practitioners for generations, and almost every generation had produced a famous doctor. If one were to trace the source, Ge Jun’s ancestor was actually a famous Eastern Jin medical scientist, Ge Hong, who had been conferred the title of inner Marquis and called himself Bao Puzi.

Ge Jun’s ancestor was not only a legendary doctor, but also a master alchemist and a famous Taoist scholar. It could be said that he was famous.

Ge Jun’s medical skills were passed down from generation to generation.

However, the inheritance of Chinese medicine was mainly passed down by word of mouth. It was the traditional way of a master taking his disciples. Although Ge Hong had written many classic medical books, many of them had been lost over the long years. Especially in the East Jin Dynasty, which had been through many years of war, the loss of inheritance was even more serious. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Even so, the GE tribe’s medical skills had been passed down to this day, and Ge Jun had worked hard on the foundation of his predecessors and finally became a famous person of his generation.

The “six cloud – rubbing needles” he mentioned was said to have been passed down from his ancestor, Ge Hong. However, Ge Hong’s medical book had been completely lost, and Ge Jun’s knowledge was passed down through the efforts of his father and ancestors.

It was just that in the traditional way of a master taking care of his disciples, there was bound to be a situation. That was, everyone’s focus was different, and the direction they were good at was also different. Once the inheritor of a certain direction lost his medical skills for various reasons, then this inheritance would be missing a piece.

The cloud contact six needles was such a situation.

Ge Jun’s current acupuncture technique was also quite advanced, but this was something that he had learned from the words left behind by his ancestors and the strong points of various schools.

According to Ge Jun’s words, the name of the six cloud contact needles was something that a certain generation of ancestors had come up with based on incomplete inheritances. In Ge Jun’s generation, they had only grasped a superficial understanding of it.

Even so, Ge Jun still had a deep impression of the six cloud contact needles described by his ancestors. This was why he felt a sense of familiarity when he saw Xia ruofei’s acupuncture technique and was so excited.

Nowadays, Traditional Chinese Medicine rarely used such a complicated technique. Ge Jun only took one look and was already shocked. Furthermore, Xia ruofei’s acupuncture technique was so similar to his family’s six cloud contact needles. How could Ge Jun remain calm?

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but nod after listening.

Actually, when he heard Ge Jun say that he was Ge Hong’s descendant, he had already believed most of it. Moreover, Ge Jun was not lying when he mentioned the “cloud contact six needles”.

This was because Xia ruofei was very clear that the “nine needles of the rubbing cloud” technique he used this time came from a long – Lost ancient medical book called “three volumes of the rubbing cloud”. The author was the famous Ge Hong.

Moreover, according to the introduction of the Jade talisman of inheritance, although these three medical books were not as famous as Ge Hong’s famous works such as “golden cauldron prescription” and “back of the elbow”, in fact, the “three volumes of rubbing clouds” was written by Ge Hong in his later years to pass on medical skills to his descendants. It could be said that it was the culmination of his legendary medical skills in his life and was the most essence of his work.

Unfortunately, it had been lost in the Song Dynasty. The GE family’s current medical skills were probably only the tip of the iceberg of the “three volumes of the moyun”. It was already not easy for Ge Jun to name the “six needles of the moyun”, which was not an accurate name.

Of course, this did not mean that the GE family’s medical skills were getting worse with each generation. In fact, the GE family’s descendants were constantly learning the medical skills of other famous medical experts. Over the long years, there was no lack of amazing talents. They also had their own understanding and achievements in medical skills, which were passed down from generation to generation.

For example, Ge Jun’s understanding of the <three cloud rubbing scrolls> could not be compared to Xia ruofei ‘s, but did this mean that his medical skills were inferior to Xia ruofei’ s? That was not entirely true.

Xia ruofei’s theoretical knowledge of Chinese medicine was indeed very high. In some aspects, he was much better than the current Chinese medical Masters. However, he had little practical experience and he was definitely not as good as Ge Jun in all aspects.

After Ge Jun finished explaining the whole story, he looked at Xia ruofei and said sincerely,””Mr. Xia, I hope you can understand the eagerness of a descendant of the GE family. If the acupuncture technique you have mastered is really the ‘six cloud – rubbing needles’, I’m willing to be your teacher and learn Chinese medicine from you!”

Ge Jun changed the way he addressed Xia ruofei back to “Mr. Xia” and even bowed deeply to Xia ruofei after he finished speaking.

Xia ruofei jumped in shock and quickly helped Ge Jun up, saying,””Old GE, aren’t you trying to kill me? Please don’t do this ...”

Ge Jun did not say anything and only looked at Xia ruofei expectantly.

Xia ruofei thought for a moment and said,””Mr. GE, you have a good eye. The acupuncture technique I used is indeed from the ‘three volumes of moyun’ written by master Bao Puzi. However, it is not called ‘six moyun needles’, but ‘nine moyun needles’!”

Ge Jun was stunned like a clay statue.

After a long while, he muttered,”there really is a cloud contact needle technique, and it’s an inheritance from our ancestor ... So that’s how it is!” I knew it ... You used eight silver needles before! And ... I’ve always thought that the six cloud contact needles were incomplete ... Nine is the extreme number, so there really is the nine cloud contact needles!”

Ge Jun became more and more agitated as he spoke. Finally, he looked at Xia ruofei and said in a trembling voice,””Mr. Xia! I’m begging you to take me in as your useless disciple. From now on, I’m willing to follow you and serve you! I only hope that you can pass on this [three cloud rubbing scrolls] ‘s exceptional medical skills to me ...”

With that, Ge Jun’s knees went weak and he was about to kneel down and pay his respects to Xia ruofei.

Xia ruofei was already prepared. He quickly grabbed Ge Jun and said,””Mr. GE, you can’t do that! No! You’re an outstanding figure in China’s Chinese medicine field, how could I dare to take you as my disciple!”

Ge Jun said anxiously,”those are just empty titles!” In the apricot forest, there was no order in learning, and the one who achieved it was the teacher! Sir, your medical skills must be far better than mine. You are definitely qualified to take me in as your disciple!”

This time, he didn’t even use the word “Xia” and directly addressed him as “Sir”. For a long time,”Sir” was more of a teacher. Ge Jun was determined to acknowledge this young man as his teacher.

Ge Jun couldn’t be blamed for losing his composure. If this was a brilliant medical technique from another sect, Ge Jun might have hesitated due to his status. However, this ” nine cloud contact needles ” was passed down by his ancestor, Ge Hong. Furthermore, from Xia ruofei’s words, it might not be just the nine cloud contact needles. It was very likely that Xia ruofei had mastered the complete ” three cloud contact scrolls “. How could Ge Jun remain calm?

Xia ruofei forced a smile and said,” Mr. GE, it’s not right if this gets out!” Why don’t you let me think about it first? with uncle song’s current situation, I really don’t have much energy to think about other things ...”

Ge Jun also knew that he could not push Xia ruofei too hard. After all, taking in a master and disciple was a matter of mutual consent. A melon that was forcefully twisted was not sweet!

Therefore, Ge Jun could only nod and say, ” “Alright! Sir, please take into account that I’m a descendant of the GE family ...”

“I’ll seriously consider it!”Xia ruofei waved his hand and said.

After that, Xia ruofei did not mention this matter anymore. Instead, he started to discuss medical skills with Ge Jun.

On one hand, he really wanted to have a good exchange of Chinese medicine theories. After all, he had been self-learning all this time. On the other hand, it was also to test him. Although the possibility of Ge Jun being a fake was low, it was still necessary for them to communicate. At least, Xia ruofei could tell if Ge Jun’s medical skills were really from Ge Hong as he said.

Even though Xia ruofei was still hesitating, Ge Jun had already regarded Xia ruofei as his teacher. Hence, he did not hold back and answered Xia ruofei’s questions in accordance with his own understanding.

Xia ruofei would ask a few questions from time to time and at the same time, express his opinions. The communication between the two was very smooth and they had a lot of chemistry as they had similar ideas on Chinese medicine.

As they interacted, Ge Jun’s admiration for Xia ruofei grew ...