Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

2316 Traces of the enemy appear (1)

Feng Jing excitedly told Xia ruofei about her thoughts on talent development. As expected, many of her views were in line with Xia ruofei ‘s. The two of them started discussing enthusiastically in the car.

Before he knew it, the car had arrived at the military general Hospital.

Feng Rao was still unsatisfied. She said,””RUO Fei, I’ll form these thoughts into words and send them to your email when I get back. “You must take a look at it when you have time. This is related to the sustainable development of our company, especially some of the talent training mechanisms. They have reached the point where they must be implemented and can’t be delayed ...”

Xia ruofei said seriously,”understood!” Sister ran, please take care of this matter! Talent is the foundation of a hundred – year plan. This is a job that will strengthen the foundation!”

Feng Rao nodded and said,””Ruofei, you can go back to your work! As for the talent strategy, I will contact you as soon as i form a report!”

Xia ruofei nodded and got out of the car. He waved at Feng Jing and walked towards the hospital.

He walked forward for a while, and suddenly ...

His sharp senses told him that there was something wrong with the East.

Xia ruofei did not move. Not only did he not turn his head to look to the East, but the frequency and magnitude of his footsteps did not change at all.

However, his mental power had already spread out to the East without him knowing.

On the east side of the inpatient building was the outpatient building, which was slightly lower than the inpatient building.

From this angle, the outpatient building was not the best sniping position. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

However, other than this building, there were no other high vantage points in the surroundings. In addition, an experienced veteran could still find a good sniping and observation position in the outpatient building, as long as they disguised themselves.

Xia ruofei looked as if nothing had happened as he walked towards the hospital building. In fact, his spiritual power had already locked onto a middle – aged man in a gray jacket in the outpatient building.

The middle – aged man did not look very impressive. He was the kind of person who would not be recognized if he was thrown into a crowd. He was not on the roof of the outpatient building, but by the window of the 16th floor corridor. He was holding a queue number in his hand. Anyone who saw him would think that he was a patient waiting for treatment.

There were people coming and going in the hospital every day, and people like the man in gray could be said to be everywhere.

However, Xia ruofei could feel the dangerous aura from the man in gray even from a distance. This aura was very subtle, and even an experienced top agent might not be able to sense it.

However, Xia ruofei was different. As his cultivation level increased, his five senses were much sharper than ordinary people ‘s. He could almost instinctively feel that this direction made him uncomfortable. Under the scan of his spiritual power, the man in gray was like a torch in the dark night. It was hard to ignore.

Xia ruofei also noticed that from where the man in gray was standing, he could see the intensive care unit on the 15th floor of the hospital building. As for the ward that Fang Liyun and Song Wei were staying in, it was on the 13th floor, which was facing the outpatient building. The man in gray’s position could also be easily monitored.

Other than that, Xia ruofei also noticed that the man in gray was wearing a pair of rimless glasses that seemed a little off. It was obviously not as simple as ordinary glasses. Xia ruofei could even vaguely sense that there were many sophisticated components inside the glasses. However, it was a little far away, so he could not see clearly.

With so many suspicious points gathered together, it would be strange if Xia ruofei still couldn’t detect it.

Xia ruofei walked into the hospital building as if nothing had happened. He could feel the man in gray’s gaze on him for a few seconds, but Xia ruofei did not show any signs of abnormality throughout the whole process.

After entering the hospital building, Xia ruofei walked straight to the elevator as usual.

He took the elevator to the eighth floor of the hospital building.

There were two corridors connecting the inpatient building and the outpatient building. One of them was on the eighth floor, and the other was on the sixteenth.

After Xia ruofei arrived on the eighth floor, he did not go straight to the corridor. Instead, he took a few steps in the opposite direction and entered the washroom on the eighth floor.

After a minute or two, he came out of the bathroom again. He had already taken out another set of clothes from the medium and changed into them. At the same time, his appearance had changed. Even if Ling Qingxue or Song Wei were standing in front of him, they would have been ignored if they did not pay special attention.

The reason why Xia ruofei had gone through so much trouble was to prevent the man in gray from having accomplices monitoring him from other positions. He thought that the possibility of this happening was quite high.

Besides, Xia ruofei knew very well that if these people had been watching the hospital, they must have known what he looked like. They had changed their appearance and clothes to avoid being discovered.

When Xia ruofei passed by the nurse’s station, he picked up a discarded form from the trash can and walked nonchalantly to the air bridge that led to the outpatient building.

He walked across the covered bridge at a moderate pace to the outpatient building across the street.

Throughout the entire process, his spiritual power was locked onto the gray – clothed man on the 16th floor of the outpatient building.

The man in gray changed his position a few times and sat on the long bench by the corridor for a while. However, Xia ruofei knew that the man in gray’s eyes never left the hospital building across from him.