Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

2320 The Morde organization (1)

What they witnessed in the next few minutes could be said to be inexplicable horror and soul – shaking for the other three who were also completely unable to move.

They watched as No. 4 seemed to have lost his soul. Like a marionette, he answered everything Xia ruofei asked without any hesitation. He even revealed some of the top secrets of their organization without any struggle.

Xia ruofei asked one question after another with a calm face. To the remaining three, it was a huge torture.

After a while, Xia ruofei retracted his spiritual power and No. 4 finally woke up.

He could clearly remember the entire process just now, but he didn’t know why he had answered all the questions without resistance.

These people had all undergone harsh anti – interrogation training, and their tolerance for torture far exceeded that of ordinary people. Even if some psychiatric drugs were used, they would have a certain resistance. It could be said that conventional interrogation methods had no effect on them at all.

However, No. 4 could not believe what had just happened.

He looked at Xia ruofei as if he was looking at a demon.

“What ... What did you do to me?” No. 4 asked in a trembling voice.

Xia ruofei pouted and left him to the next person.

His target this time was the middle – aged man No. 6.

No. 6 could only watch as Xia ruofei walked towards him. He could not even move a finger. When he thought of No. 4’s performance just now, his eyes were filled with fear.

He knew very well that if he revealed the secret of the organization, the consequences would be dire.

Xia ruofei would not be soft – hearted just because of the pleading look in his eyes. He reached out and pulled out two silver needles, then enveloped them with his majestic spiritual force.

The pleading and fear in number 6 “s eyes turned into confusion in an instant.

Xia ruofei asked without any emotion,””What’s your name?”

“Qian guiyou ...” Number six said in a dull tone.

“Tell me about your background!” Xia ruofei continued.

……

A few minutes later, Xia ruofei left the old residential area with a normal expression. The rental house that No. 4 and the others were in was already empty.

Furthermore, Xia ruofei had tidied up the rental house and left nothing behind. It was as if No. 4 and the rest had never been there.

After asking the four of them and confirming with each other, Xia ruofei was clear about the background of this group of people.

The four of them, the man in gray who had died, and the sniper on the roof were all from a mercenary group in Africa called modr. The six of them formed a Combat Team.

Everyone in this team was from Asia, without exception. They were basically Chinese, which was probably one of the reasons why they were sent to China for this mission.

The man in gray who was blocked by Xia ruofei on the hospital roof was the person in charge of this team. His name was Qian GUI douyou. He and the middle – aged man number six, Qian GUI you, were both from the Wei nation. They were brothers. Number four was from Huaxia, and the other three were from neighboring countries.

When Xia ruofei was serving in the Army, he had some understanding of the armed forces overseas.

In his memory, the base of this organization was in a small country in Africa, arulei. With people and guns, the modr organization was basically the local Emperor of arulei. It could be said that this organization was notorious internationally.

Simply put, as long as they could afford the price, they would accept any mission. Furthermore, they had absolutely no moral integrity or bottom line. It could be said that they were unscrupulous in carrying out the mission.

The reason why they had come all the way to Huaxia and carefully planned this attack was naturally because of the buyer’s request.

However, this small team was in charge of the specific execution, so they did not know the specific information of the financial backer.

Perhaps the person in charge of the team, gangui douyou, would know something. Unfortunately, when he realized that he could no longer escape from Xia ruofei’s grasp, he bit the poison capsule and died.

It could be said that Xia ruofei did not find any useful clues. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

However, this trip was not without any gains.

First of all, after interrogating Qian guiyou and the others, Xia ruofei could confirm that only the six of them were sent by mord to carry out the mission in China. By capturing them all, he could at least temporarily eliminate the potential danger to song Qiming’s family.

Besides, according to Xia ruofei’s understanding of the Morde organization, they would probably not send any more men after this mission failed. Furthermore, the remuneration they received in the beginning would not be refunded. This was one of the reasons why the Morde organization was labeled as ‘shameless’.

Of course, the fighting power of the modr organization was still very strong. Once they accepted a mission, they would not deliberately deceive their customers and would do their best to complete it. In addition, the success rate of their missions was relatively high, so even though they were less moral, their business had always been good.

Of course, Xia ruofei had also asked Qian guiyou and the others. Their answer was similar to what he had learned. Basically, if this team went missing during a mission in China, the modr organization would not send any more people.

Xia ruofei felt much more at ease after he confirmed this.

Although he did not know who the financial backer of song Qiming was and did not know if the mastermind would find other underground organizations to harm song Qiming’s family after the mord organization’s failure, at least Xia ruofei had some time to settle down.