Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

2327 A new train of thought (2)

“Yes, master!” Xia Qing took note of Xia ruofei’s instructions.

Xia ruofei had nothing to do, so he watched Bao Guijun and the rest assemble the iron frame bed in the medium.

Although this group of people had never done this kind of work before, the iron frame bed was a standard component produced, and there were also drawings. Ordinary people could install it according to the drawings. Not to mention that Bao Guijun and the others had been receiving high – intensity military training over the years. It could be said that they were all strong and powerful. Such a simple task was naturally not difficult for them.

After the iron frame bed was put together, it was placed in the open space next to the herb garden. With the current condition of the space, it was already good enough to have a bed for them to sleep on.

Xia ruofei beckoned for Bao Guijun and the others to come over. Then, he moved the mattress, blanket, pillow, and sleeping mat that he had bought over.

Xia ruofei pointed at the supplies and said,””One set per person, come and get it yourself!” FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Although they were all cheap goods, they were a pleasant surprise for Bao Guijun and the others.

Bao Guijun even learned how Xia Qing addressed him and said gratefully,””Thank you, master!”

Qian guiyou and the others also came back to their senses and quickly said,”Thank you, master! Thank you, master!”

Xia ruofei didn’t bother to correct him. He just smiled and said,””Today’s the first day, so I won’t count the workload. Each of you can get a bowl of instant noodles and a bottle of mineral water from Xia Qing. Rest early after eating, and starting tomorrow, the points will be officially calculated according to the workload!”

“Yes! Master!” Bao Guijun and the others responded.

It was already Teno’ clock in the evening according to the outside world’s time. They hadn’t even eaten dinner and had worked for so long, so they were already famished. After receiving instant noodles and mineral water, they even gave up the gas stove and kettle that Xia Qing had provided to boil water. They directly chewed on the mineral water.

Xia ruofei didn’t think that it was too harsh. He knew that these people were all scoundrels. If you gave them some face, they would start a business. On the contrary, the harsher he was to them, the less they dared to resist.

Of course, the most important thing was that there would be no order without rules. If the realm continued to increase manpower in the future, these initial rules should be set up first and strictly implemented.

Xia ruofei waved his hand and set up a space cage where Bao Guijun and the others had placed the iron frame bed. He trapped them inside.

Xia Qing still had to go to the Archean realm to take care of the heart condensing grass. Xia ruofei naturally had to limit the area of activity of Bao Guijun and the others. He couldn’t let them wander around the mountain and sea realm without any restrictions.

Of course, Xia ruofei had also given Xia Qing the authority to open the space cage.

This time, the spatial cage was no longer transparent. Instead, it had a faint Halo, showing the clear boundaries.

Bao Guijun and the others were already immune to Xia ruofei’s magical methods. At the same time, they did not resist the restrictions on their freedom. Instead, they thought it was natural.

They tidied up their beds in the space cage and prepared to rest. Xia ruofei gave Xia Qing a few more instructions before leaving the space, returning to the outside world to shower and sleep.

The next day, Xia ruofei flew to a factory in San Shan that specialized in manufacturing mobile houses used at construction sites and bought two mobile houses.

Xia ruofei did not have any requirements for comfort, so he picked a cheap model that was available in stock and asked the manufacturer to send it to his warehouse in the city.

Similarly, Xia ruofei did not ask for the installation service. After the goods were delivered to the warehouse, he settled the payment quickly.

Then, he went to the farm equipment store and bought a few sets of commonly used farm equipment. At the same time, he also bought some coarse cloth clothes, gauze gloves, and so on. He also asked the merchant to send them to the warehouse in the city.

Xia ruofei then bought a few other trinkets. This matter alone took him the whole day. When he drove back to the jiangbin villa, the sky was already dark.

After he returned home, he first cooked a few good dishes to reward himself. He even poured himself two cups of the highest grade Drunken Eight Immortals.

After clearing the dishes, Xia ruofei returned to his bedroom, locked the door and windows, took out the spirit painting scroll, and entered the medium.

In the mountain sea realm, the iron – Framed bed that had been set up the day before had already been moved to the side. Bao Guijun, Qian guiyou, and the others were enthusiastically installing the components of the mobile temporary house.

Before Xia ruofei returned home, she had stored all the things she had purchased in the warehouse into the space. Then, she sent a telepathic message to Xia Qing, asking him to organize Bao Guijun and the others to start building the mobile houses.

The construction of the mobile temporary house was naturally not as simple as the installation of an iron frame bed.

Not to mention the complexity, just the heavy components alone could not be installed in place without the help of engineering equipment.

Moreover, Xia ruofei had bought a two – story mobile house.

However, in the spirit map space, with Xia ruofei’s help, this was not a problem.

After Bao Guijun and the others assembled the scattered parts, Xia ruofei used the invisible force of space to grab the heavy parts and place them in the corresponding positions. Bao Guijun and the others immediately climbed up to fasten them. They did not even tie the safety rope so they were not afraid of falling down.

Of course, even if they really slipped and fell, Xia ruofei could ensure their safety. After all, they had only used their free labor for two days. Xia ruofei would not just watch them get into trouble.

With Xia ruofei’s cooperation, the installation progress was greatly accelerated.

At around 10 O’ clock in the evening, two mobile houses had been erected beside the herb garden. One of them was for Bao Guijun and the other five people, as well as those who might be caught later, to rest. Xia ruofei prepared the other one as a material warehouse.

He had hoarded some living supplies here. In the future, Bao GUI Jun and the others would earn points through labor, and then use the points to exchange for supplies from Xia Qing.

Some of these resources were the necessities of life, such as rice, flour, oil, and so on. At the same time, there were some low – grade white wine, cigarettes, and other consumables.

Xia ruofei’s principle was that the daily necessities were relatively cheap, but the points required for cigarettes, alcohol, and drinks were relatively higher. After all, that was a higher level of “enjoyment”.

The mobile house that Bao Guijun and the others lived in was also two stories. Currently, it was very spacious. The five of them lived in one of the rooms on the second floor, while the other rooms were temporarily empty.

The first floor had some living facilities, including a simple kitchen, shower room, and so on.

These facilities had a common feature, and that was that there was absolutely no electricity equipment. Whether it was a range hood, air conditioning, or even an electric fan, they were not equipped at all. Because electricity was a scarce resource in the space, they could not always use a small portable generator to generate electricity!

In addition, there would be a toilet.

Xia ruofei was still struggling with the problem of the toilet.

In the past, no one lived in the spirit map space, so there was naturally no such problem. Now that there were five more free laborers, and there might be more in the future, the matter of using the toilet had become a realistic problem.

Fortunately, he had communicated with Xia Qing, and this problem was easily solved.

The solution was very simple, which was to use the toilet directly.

It was the room on the first floor that was used as a toilet. After digging a two – meter – deep hole and placing two pieces of steel plates that had been cut in advance, a simple toilet was done.

The reason why he used this method was because Xia Qing had told Xia ruofei with certainty that the spirit map space’s self – cleaning function was very powerful. The excrement could be degraded in a very short time. Part of it would be transformed into normal soil composition, and the other part would be directly discharged into the boundless chaotic space.

Since that was the case, things were simple.

When Bao Guijun and the others dismantled the bed frame into a few large pieces, carried it into the mobile board room and installed it, the living problem was basically solved.

Xia ruofei set up a permanent space cage and covered the entire mobile house. Then, he left the space and returned to the outside world.

The next day, Xia ruofei made a trip to the General Hospital to check on song Qiming’s condition. She then chatted with Fang Liyun and Song Wei for a while to comfort them. After that, she left the General Hospital and returned home.

This was because Xia Qing had told him through telepathic thoughts that the heart concentrating grass had already matured.

Xia ruofei immediately instructed Xia Qing to remove the time formation flag and the spirit gathering formation. Then, he cut up the medicinal components of the heart concentrating grass and immediately began to brew the medicinal soup.

All this work was done at the Archean realm. Hence, when Xia ruofei returned home, the heart condensing grass that he had paid a huge price to cultivate had already turned into a bowl of brown medicinal soup that emitted a strong medicinal fragrance ...