Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

2328 It’s working_Xia ruofei carefully poured the precious medicinal soup into the thermal flask. He even used the power of space to transfer all the remaining medicinal soup into the thermal flask. It could be said that not a single drop was left.

He was looking forward to it, but at the same time, he couldn’t help but feel nervous.

This was because if the heart concentrating grass did not achieve the expected effect, then he would really have to be prepared for a long battle. He would have to take the spirit nurturing soup once every seven days, and the whole treatment process would be very long.

Then, Xia ruofei would not be able to fulfill his promise to elder song.

Xia ruofei placed the thermal flask into his shoulder bag before instructing Xia Qing to move the heart condensing grass to the realm Heart Island as soon as possible. He then left the spatial zone and returned to the outside world.

Xia ruofei drove back to the military hospital.

He went to the intensive care unit area with a shoulder bag and greeted Fang Liyun and Song Wei before he went into song Qiming’s ward alone.

Xia ruofei did not tell Fang Liyun and her daughter that he was going to give song Qiming a new drug. This was to prevent them from feeling uneasy outside.

If the decoction worked, song Qiming might wake up today. It would be a surprise for Fang Liyun and Song Wei. And if the expected effect was not achieved, it would be useless to tell them in advance.

The intensive care unit was very quiet, with only the rhythmic beeping of the medical equipment from time to time.

The monitor showed that song Qiming’s vital signs were very stable.

Of course, all of this was under the premise of the assistance of the equipment. If there was no breathing machine and other medical equipment, song Qiming might not even live for five minutes before he really died.

Xia ruofei walked to the bed, took out the thermos from his shoulder bag, and placed it on the bedside table. Then, he looked at song Qiming.

Song Qiming’s eyes were tightly shut, but the swelling on his face and head had mostly subsided. The wound on his head was still clearly visible. His body was connected with wires of various colors, and the ventilator’s tube was inserted through his nose, directly connected to his trachea.

It was obvious that song Qiming was in a critical condition. However, Xia ruofei knew that song Qiming’s body was fine. The main problem was that his consciousness was damaged.

The modern medical treatment methods could not cure the damage to the soul.

Xia ruofei sat down first and put his hand on song Qiming’s wrist. He sent his spiritual power into his body and went straight to his sea of consciousness.

Since the medicinal properties of the spirit nourishment soup had been completely absorbed, his sea of consciousness had not improved further, but the situation had not worsened either. From the outside, it was still in a state of ruins, which was a shocking sight.

Xia ruofei retracted his spiritual force, took out the Jade stones used to set up the array, and scattered them. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

With the support of his spiritual power, each piece of Jade quickly and accurately fell in its corresponding position. As the last piece of Jade was in place, the array was instantly activated.

At this time, whether it was the doctor’s on – call room or the monitoring Hall of the operating area, the image of this Ward would become very blurry.

However, this wasn’t the first time this had happened, and the higher – ups had specifically instructed them to do so. Therefore, even if the doctor on duty found out, he wouldn’t come over to interfere, nor would he get someone to check for a fault in the surveillance cameras.

After setting up the array, Xia ruofei stood up and opened the thermal flask. Then, he gently pinched song Qiming’s jaw. At the same time, he used his spiritual power to extract the medicinal liquid from the thermal flask. He drew an arc in the air and dropped it into song Qiming’s slightly opened mouth.

Xia ruofei used his spiritual power to wrap around the liquid and sent it directly into song Qiming’s stomach.

It was no exaggeration to say that this medicinal soup was almost priceless, because the resources consumed were enough to cultivate several high – Level Qi refining cultivators.

Hence, Xia ruofei treasured it very much. He did not even let go of the few drops of medicinal liquid that remained. He used his spiritual power to wrap them up and sent them into song Qiming’s stomach.

Then, Xia ruofei used the nine needles of cloud contact technique on song Qiming to promote the effect and absorption of the medicine.

After the acupuncture, Xia ruofei waited for a while before he reached out and gently placed his hand on song Qiming’s wrist. With a trace of nervousness, he sent his mental strength into song Qiming’s meridians and explored the direction of his consciousness.

When his spiritual power reached the outer area of song Qiming’s conscious, he could not help but show a hint of joy on his face.

The medicinal soup made from heart concentrating grass was effective!

He could clearly sense that song Qiming’s broken sea of consciousness was slowly recovering under the effects of the spiritual medicine.

Although this speed wasn’t fast, it was much faster than when he consumed the gestation soup.

Furthermore, Xia ruofei could feel that the medicinal effect of the heart – concentrating grass was much stronger. At this rate of recovery, it would take a long time for him to fully absorb it.

Xia ruofei retracted his spiritual power. He was very happy that there was a higher chance that song Qiming would regain his consciousness this time.

He first retrieved the Jade stones that were placed around the bed.

After removing the formation, Xia ruofei did not rush out. Instead, he sat down in front of the bed.

Every now and then, he would check song Qiming’s pulse. In fact, he was using his spiritual power to check on the recovery of song Qiming’s spiritual sea.

Xia ruofei stayed in the intensive care unit for more than an hour. When it was almost noon, he got up again and used his spiritual power to check on song Qiming’s consciousness.