Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

2340 Focus on healing_Xia ruofei carefully applied the ointment evenly. He did not waste the remaining ointment on his gloves. He applied most of it on song Qiming’s injured head.

Although song Qiming’s body and head were covered in black lumps and looked a little comical, as long as the treatment was effective, song Qiming would not mind at all.

He was most concerned about his work. If he could really recover within a month or even 20 days as Xia ruofei had promised, the impact of this accident on him could be minimized.

Xia ruofei had specifically ordered Cao Guangzhi and the others who knew the truth to not report to song Qiming. That was why song Qiming still thought that it was just an accident, a bunch of coincidences.

Song Qiming was fully focused on the rehabilitation. He had full confidence in Xia ruofei. At the same time, he had full trust in Xia ruofei’s treatment. He would cooperate with Xia ruofei’s instructions.

After Xia ruofei helped song Qiming apply the ointment, he took off his gloves and threw them into the trash can.

“Ruofei, thank you for your hard work!” Song Qiming smiled.

Xia ruofei smiled and said,”you’re welcome.” Uncle song, I’ll treat you twice a day for the next two days. You’ll be fine as long as you keep changing the medicine on time. Also, from today on, in addition to physical therapy, you have to take some Chinese medicine to cooperate with the treatment. ”

Song Qiming nodded and said,”we’ll listen to you regarding the treatment!” We’ll follow your arrangements!”

Xia ruofei nodded and said,”then you should rest for a while.” After dinner, they would go through another physical therapy session and change the medicine. In addition, you’ll also be taking the internal Chinese medicine after dinner tonight. ”

In less than half a day, the components of the spirit Heart Flower petals in the ointment must have been completely absorbed. Hence, the frequency of applying the ointment twice a day was more appropriate. If the ointment was denser and based on the terrifying recovery rate of the spirit Heart Flower petals, song Qiming might be able to fully recover in a week. This was something Xia ruofei did not want to see.

If he recovered in a month, he could still be explained as having great medical skills. If he could cure such a serious injury in a week, it was not something that could be explained by medical skills.

“Alright!” Song Qiming readily accepted her advice.”Then I’ll sleep for a while! Get enough mental energy for rehabilitation treatment!”

……

After Xia ruofei came out of song Qiming’s room, he went straight to his guest room and started to prepare the Chinese medicine.

This task was still quite tedious. He had to prepare at least ten days ‘worth of Yingying, which included the ointment that was added with the concentrated spirit Heart Flower petal solution, Chinese medicine to assist in external injury recovery, and spirit nourishment soup.

Song Qiming’s sea of consciousness had not fully recovered. It would be too slow if he were to rely on his own body to recover. Hence, Xia ruofei prepared two portions of spirit nourishment soup. After all, the spirit nourishment soup could be consumed for at least seven days.

Fang Liyun and Song Wei did not follow Xia ruofei in when he was treating song Qiming as they were worried that they would disturb him.

When Xia ruofei returned to the guest room to prepare the Chinese medicine, Song Wei came over to help.

With an assistant, Xia ruofei’s speed of brewing the medicine was much faster.

In the evening, night had just fallen.

Xia ruofei had finally finished the tedious work.

The paste that was added with the spirit Heart Flower petal solution filled up a large porcelain bowl, which contained two whole spirit Heart Flower petals.

Xia ruofei believed that after the ointment was used up at the same rate as today, song Qiming’s fractures and other external injuries would be healed.

Other than the ointment, Xia ruofei had also brewed a large pot of Chinese medicine to aid in the treatment of external injuries and three portions of Yingling soup.

The small Plastic Sealing Machine he had brought with him came in handy at this time.

Xia ruofei packed the supplementary herbal soup and the spiritual nourishment soup into small bags. After sealing them, he even carefully labeled them.

The dinner was quite sumptuous as usual.

After Xia ruofei finished his dinner, he immediately returned to song Qiming’s room on the second floor. He realized that the ointment on song Qiming’s body had already been wiped off. It must have been done by Fang Liyun.

It was the same massage, acupuncture, and external application that Xia ruofei was very familiar with.

After he was done, Xia ruofei brought song Qiming a bowl of Chinese medicine and watched as he consumed it. Only then did he basically complete his treatment for the day.

……

For the next two days, Xia ruofei did physical therapy for song Qiming in the morning and evening. At the same time, he applied and consumed Chinese medicine externally to help song Qiming complete his rehabilitation treatment as soon as possible.

Although it had only been two days, song Qiming could clearly feel that his external injuries were getting better, especially his fractures. A few days ago, song Qiming could not sleep well because of the pain. After Xia ruofei’s treatment, the pain had weakened a lot. Song Qiming could also feel that his injured bones often felt numb.

It was obvious that song Qiming’s physical condition was improving.

Because of this, song Qiming’s confidence and favorable impression of Xia ruofei increased.

On the morning of the third day, Xia ruofei finished his breakfast and was ready to leave.

The medicinal herbs in the big and small bags he brought two days ago were basically all converted into Chinese medicine to assist in external injury treatment and Yingling soup that were kept in the refrigerator.

Although there were fewer things, the trunk of the Knight XV was still full. Other than the small sealing machine, there were more cigarettes, tea leaves, wine and other gifts that Fang Liyun had prepared for Xia ruofei.

They would never be able to repay Xia ruofei’s kindness. That was why Fang Liyun would express her feelings whenever she had the chance.

Xia ruofei was not a pedantic person. He did not reject Fang Liyun’s good intentions. He only expressed his gratitude respectfully. After all,”one should not reject a gift from an elder”! Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

In comparison, Xia ruofei was more concerned about song Qiming’s follow – up treatment after he left.

Therefore, he gave Fang Liyun and Song Wei instructions in detail.

This included wearing isolation gloves when applying the ointment and not letting the ointment come into direct contact with the skin; Also, for example, the three portions of spirit gestating soup must be taken after seven days.

Xia ruofei had repeatedly told song Qiming to follow his orders strictly. Otherwise, it was fine if the medicinal properties of the cream were lost. However, if he did not control the period of consumption well and caused song Qiming to take the soup twice in seven days, it might cause unknown danger.

Fang Liyun didn’t dare to be slow and jotted down Xia ruofei’s instructions. She even showed it to Xia ruofei for confirmation before she was relieved.

Xia ruofei waved goodbye to Fang Liyun and Song Wei and left the city Council family compound in his Knight XV SUV.

He drove back to the jiangbin villa community.

After storing everything in the car into the spirit map space, Xia ruofei returned home to take a shower and change into a set of clean and refreshing clothes. Then, he packed his luggage and carried a small bag on his back, mainly for show.

It didn’t take long for a black Mercedes – Benz, which he had specially called in advance from the company, to arrive at the jiangbin villa community.

The veteran driver of the fleet of cars sent Xia ruofei to the private terminal of Changping International Airport.

Yesterday, Xia ruofei had already asked the flight crew to apply for a flight route in advance and make preparations to return to Beijing.

When he returned, it was extremely urgent, but when he went to the capital, it was much easier to arrange.

Initially, Fang Liyun wanted Song Wei to fly back to the capital with Xia ruofei to continue her studies. However, song Qiming was still bedridden, so how could Song Wei be at ease?

Fang Liyun could not convince Song Wei no matter what she said. In the end, she had no choice but to agree to let her stay for a few more days.

However, Xia ruofei would not be flying back to the capital alone. There would be another passenger on the business jet paradise today.