Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 235: Core material limit ratio -1

nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Xia ruofei carefully locked the door and windows. Then, he took out the spiritual map and entered the medium. He measured it with a tape measure. The diameter of the spot near the root was 1.25 meters. Five months had passed in five days and the diameter of the Phoebe zhennan had grown by at least five centimeters. Xia ruofei was very satisfied. Under the Phoebe zhennan tree were the tools that Xia ruofei had prepared these few days, including chains, ropes, and saw. When he was planting it, Xia ruofei had considered cutting it down. Hence, there were no other plants around the big Phoebe zhennan. Even the smaller ones that he had cut were a long distance away from the big one. Therefore, there was a large open area around the Phoebe zhennan. As for logging, although Xia ruofei did not have a lot of experience, he had occasionally chopped trees during his field survival training in the Army. Although he could not control the direction of the trees accurately, he could still do it in a rough area. That was enough. Besides, Xia ruofei was much more agile than ordinary people. If there were any accidents during the cutting process, he could avoid it in time. Most importantly, in this spirit map space, Xia ruofei was equivalent to half a ruler. He could completely rely on his mind to connect with the space and exert a certain amount of control over the Phoebe zhennan wood. It was impossible to control such a big tree as easily as his own arm, but as long as he could control it a little, it was enough to ensure his safety. Xia ruofei walked around the Phoebe zhennan, then strapped the safety rope on his back, hung the saw on his waist, and agilely climbed up. Xia ruofei came to the branch closest to the ground and secured himself to the tree with the safety rope. Then, he held the saw with one hand and pulled it with the other. The saw started to move. Xia ruofei’s physical strength was much stronger than an average person ‘S. He could easily grab the saw with one hand. There was an ear – piercing sound of friction and wood chips flew everywhere. The branch was sawed off quickly and fell to the ground. Xia ruofei sawed off all the branches around him, turned off the saw, untied the safety rope, and continued to climb up. Just like that, Xia ruofei sawed his way up from the bottom. The branches fell off the trunk one by one. Soon, the entire Phoebe zhennan tree was left with a bare trunk. Xia ruofei put away the saw and untied the safety rope. He got down from the tree nimbly. At this time, the surroundings of the Phoebe zhennan tree were full of sawed off branches. Xia ruofei was not in a hurry to cut down the trunk. He started to clean up the branches. Xia ruofei used the saw to separate the particularly large branches. He did not waste any of them. He dragged them to an open space far away, dug holes, planted them, and watered them. He cut the branches. The variety of this Phoebe zhennan was very good, and the space environment was unique. As long as the branches were used for cutting, they could basically survive, so naturally, they could not waste such a good thing. Anyway, the vegetable field in the space was basically cleaned up. The original space with thirty times the speed of flow was eight mu in size, and the large area was now empty! There were a lot of branches this time, and it took a few hours to finish all of them. Despite Xia ruofei’s amazing physical strength, he was still covered in sweat. He went to the spiritual pond and scooped up some water, gulping it down in big mouthfuls. Then, he sat down and rested for a while, before returning to the gold Phoebe zhennan wood. Now, the bottom of the Phoebe zhennan tree had been cleaned up, leaving only a bare trunk. Of course, this was also the most valuable part of the Phoebe zhennan tree. Xia ruofei had already determined the location, so he activated the saw as soon as he got there and started to cut down at the position near the root. First, he sawed it in at an angle from top to bottom. The rapidly spinning saw came into contact with the tree trunk that was more than a meter in diameter. Immediately, wood chips flew everywhere, and an extremely harsh friction sound entered the ears. Xia ruofei did not stop until he had sawed through 70 – 80% of the entire trunk. As the saw was cutting from top to bottom, the saw did not get stuck. Xia ruofei pulled the saw out easily. Then, he started to saw it from the bottom to the top. Soon, the two saw openings merged. Xia ruofei exerted some force on his wrist and slightly changed the angle of the saw. Suddenly, a large piece of wedge – shaped wood fell out. In this way, about three – quarters of the bottom part of the Phoebe zhennan tree had been sawed off. Xia ruofei could hear a faint sizzling sound. The tree was gradually losing its balance. He focused his mind and tried his best to control the Phoebe zhennan tree. Then, he went to the other side of the saw and used the saw to cut off a circle of tree bark. Without the pulling force of the bark, the Phoebe zhennan was on the verge of collapse. Xia ruofei quickly switched off the saw and retreated twenty to thirty meters away. Then, he used his control of space to force the Phoebe zhennan towards the saw and released the restraint on it. There was a burst of hunting sounds, and a large tree trunk with a diameter of more than one meter fell in the direction of the saw, heavily smashing into the ground in the space, raising a large amount of dust. Xia ruofei felt the ground shake. Fortunately, he was in the medium and had a certain level of control. In addition, he was very agile. If he were to cut down such a large tree outside, it would take a few experienced Lumberjacks to work together. Xia ruofei walked over and used a saw to repair the uneven fracture. In the next 20 days, this Phoebe zhennan tree would lie here quietly and dry naturally, finally forming the so – called “old material.” The most useful and valuable part of the Phoebe zhennan was its core. The outer bark and side wood would be discarded when making furniture, decorations, or handlebars. At its peak, the core could take up more than 95% of the entire wood. Hence, after Xia ruofei had smoothed out the cut, he immediately squatted down to observe the cut. There was a clear color gap between the cut and the outer layer of the bark, which was the darkest. Then, the secondary outer layer was a small circle of white edges, which was the part that had not yet formed the core. The rest was the core, which was the most valuable part of the Phoebe zhennan wood. As for the side materials, some black – hearted merchants would use them to replace the good ones, but in the eyes of the experts, they were just scrap. Xia ruofei estimated that the core of his Phoebe zhennan tree was definitely more than 95% of the trunk. It would take at least 150 years to achieve this in the outside world. It seemed that the spiritual Qi environment in the space not only accelerated the growth of the Phoebe zhennan wood, but more importantly, it also accelerated the transformation of the peripheral wood into the core. Therefore, the core of the Phoebe zhennan wood had almost reached its limit. Xia ruofei was overjoyed. He took the tape measure and measured the core. The diameter of the core was almost 1.1 meters. This was already far better than Liang Qichao’s relative’s Phoebe zhennan. Last time, Liang Qichao had told him on the phone that the core of his relative’s Phoebe zhennan was about 95 centimeters. Xia ruofei knew that this business deal was settled!