Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

2354 Begin the operation (1)

After Xia ruofei and Dhaka parted ways, he took a taxi to the hotel that he had booked online.

This binster hotel was one of the few hotels in arulei that accepted online reservations. It was said to be a five – Star hotel, but Xia ruofei took a look at it when he checked in and felt that it was only about the same as the four – Star or even three – Star hotels in the country.

The key was that the facilities looked old and the service was not very good. Perhaps it was the nature of black people to be lazy. Anyway, Xia ruofei did not feel the warm and thoughtful service of a five – Star hotel.

The most obvious sign was that none of the staff at the front desk could speak fluent English. Xia ruofei finally managed to complete the communication with some gestures.

After getting the room card, Xia ruofei picked up his backpack and took the elevator to the guest room.

He had booked a large executive suite at $300 per day.

At this point, Xia ruofei couldn’t help but complain in his heart that the economic development in arulei was extremely backward, but the prices were not as cheap as he had imagined.

On the contrary, the cost of living here was much higher than in China.

In fact, it wasn’t just arulei. When Xia ruofei was in Ethiopia, he had also discovered this feature.

A taxi could easily cost twenty to thirty dollars, but a meal would cost at least a hundred to two hundred dollars.

Xia ruofei was also curious about this question with Dhaka. According to this level of consumption, how did the locals who earned 50 to 60 dollars a month survive?

After Daka explained it to Xia ruofei, Xia ruofei finally understood.

It turned out that the local people would not spend like this. The big shops, restaurants, and car rental were mainly to earn money from foreigners. When the local people needed to buy things, they basically did not go to the supermarket. There were many roadside stalls, and the things were much cheaper than in the shops.

Fortunately, Xia ruofei had put a lot of US dollars and Chinese dollars in his interspace. It did not matter even if the expenses were higher.

In fact, in many parts of Africa, the strength of the Chinese dollar was no less than that of the US dollar. It could be said to be a hard currency, and one could even directly use the Chinese dollar to buy things. Merchants would be more welcoming of it.

After Xia ruofei entered the room, he was already mentally prepared for a room that was not up to the standard of a five – Star. He did not care about the living conditions. Instead, he released his mental power to check the room thoroughly.

Xia ruofei was obviously more concerned about safety than comfort.

Xia ruofei was satisfied with the results of the inspection. There were no messy things in the room. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

He hung up the ‘Do Not Disturb’ sign and locked the door.

Then, he walked to the window and quickly observed the situation outside. Then, he closed and locked the window, and drew the curtains.

With a thought, Xia ruofei took out a few pieces of jade from the space and arranged them in place with a wave of his hand.

This was a very simple formation with a simple function, which was to give early warning.

Once someone opened the door and entered, the formation would be activated immediately. Even if Xia ruofei was in the space, he would still be alerted immediately.

This way, he didn’t need to divide a trace of mental strength to keep an eye on the outside world while he was in the space.

After setting up the formation, Xia ruofei strode into the bathroom and locked the door.

Xia ruofei would usually avoid entering the medium when he was outside. However, he had to go in today, so he had to be extra careful.

According to the current layout, even if someone sneaked in or a waiter accidentally barged in, Xia ruofei would be able to come out of the spirit map space immediately and put it away, creating the illusion that he had been in the bathroom.

Xia ruofei summoned the spirit painting from his body and carefully placed it in the bath towel on the towel rack. Then, with a thought, he disappeared from the bathroom.

In the next moment, he appeared in the vast mountain and sea realm of the spirit map space.

This place was different from a few days ago, especially around the mobile house where Bao Guijun and the others lived. It was like a construction site.

The 30 mobile houses that Xia ruofei had sent into the medium had been opened by Bao Guijun and the others. They had also assembled some parts together. The rest of the assembly work required Xia ruofei’s help to complete.

Assembling a mobile house wasn’t a very technical job. They were familiar with it, so Bao Guijun and the others ‘work efficiency became higher and higher. Finally, they finished the preparatory work within the time that Xia ruofei had set. Under Xia Qing’s supervision, they also flattened the land around the mobile house.

All that was left was the final assembly.

The reason why Xia ruofei was in arulei and had to come in to complete the assembly work was that these mobile temporary buildings might come in handy later. Other than helping song Qiming eliminate future problems, he had another purpose in dealing with the mord organization. It was to add some free labor to the spirit map space.

The moment Xia ruofei appeared in the mountain and sea realm of the spirit map space, Xia Qing immediately sensed it. He appeared in front of Xia ruofei in a flash and called out respectfully,””Good day, master!”