Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

2356 Sneaky_It wasn’t realistic to get detailed information on the executives of the Morde organization from Bao Guijun.

After Xia ruofei had analyzed a few people’s statements, he realized that there was still something to write about. The key was this town of Basoko.

Xia ruofei realized that when Bao Guijun and the rest joined the modr mercenary group, they were sent to a secret training camp in Basoko town for concentrated training before they became official mercenaries.

On the one hand, it was to cultivate their tactical quality, and on the other hand, it was to brainwash these quasi – mercenaries to make them absolutely loyal to the mercenary group.

The person in charge of the training camp was naturally an important figure in the modr organization.

Bao Guijun and the others did not join the modr mercenary group at the same time, but Xia ruofei found out that they all gave out the same person in charge of the secret training camp in Basoko town. This person with the code name “Golden Fox”, although his real name was unknown, it was obvious that he had a high status in the mercenary group.

This was the only person that Bao Guijun and the others could confirm was a high – Level figure in the modr mercenary group.

Naturally, Xia ruofei chose “Golden Fox” as his breakthrough point. As long as he could capture Golden Fox alive, he could easily make him talk. Then, he could follow the clues and deal with the other higher – ups of the modr organization.

Of course, there was another factor that prompted Xia ruofei to choose the secret training camp in Basoko town. According to Bao Guijun and the others, this secret training camp maintained a size of about 100 people all year round. Many of these trainees would die in the training process, but new people would replace them very quickly.

In Xia ruofei’s eyes, this training camp of more than a hundred people was like more than a hundred free laborers!

Those who joined the modr mercenary group were basically not good people. Some of them had committed murder cases in their own country, some of them had nowhere to hide from gang vendetta, and some of them just liked this kind of bloodthirsty and exciting life.

In short, Xia ruofei would not have any psychological burden if he were to capture these people into the spirit map space.

Xia ruofei had already transformed into a dark – skinned Southeast Asian. He drove the pickup truck out of arulei city. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Aruray was located between Ethiopia and South Sudan. It was in the gap between the two countries, and its territory was long and narrow in a North – South direction.

At this moment, Xia ruofei was driving south from arulei city, which was in the North of arulei. Basoko town was located in the central region of arulei.

Of course, due to the small size of this country, the distance between the two places was only about 100 to 200 kilometers.

After leaving the city of arulei, the road was full of potholes, and the road was full of dust when a car drove past.

They were in the suburbs the capital. The road conditions in the more rural areas would probably be worse, which was evident from the low level of infrastructure in arulei.

Xia ruofei had one hand on the steering wheel, looking very relaxed. There was still a light disc in the CD player in the car. Xia ruofei opened it and listened. He couldn’t tell what song it was, but the rhythm was very distinct and had obvious African characteristics.

As the car jolted, Xia ruofei’s body swayed along with the rhythm of the music. Soon, the buildings on both sides of the road became fewer and fewer. The area outside arulei city was deserted.

Xia ruofei drove as he searched. He soon found a small forest and drove the car in to hide.

After about half an hour, when the car drove out of the bushes again, it had changed greatly. There were many stickers on the car, and some rough graffiti, which almost covered up the original color of the car. The license plate had also been changed ingeniously, so it was hard to tell if one didn’t look carefully.

After that, Xia ruofei would definitely remove the license plate and throw it away.

Xia ruofei even removed the car frame number and the engine number. For a cultivator, this kind of work could be done with his bare hands. It was not a difficult task.

After that, Xia ruofei continued to drive towards Basoko town.

After changing his appearance several times, Xia ruofei had done his best to hide his identity.

Even if the car was eventually found, it would take a lot of effort to find out the car’s origin. Even if they traced it back to the second – hand car shop, they would only be able to find Xia ruofei’s appearance after he had transformed into a Southeast Asian. It would be difficult to even find out Xia Tian’s identity, let alone Xia ruofei’s true identity.

Xia ruofei had always adhered to the principle of always planning for defeat before winning.

It was already dark not long after they left arulei city. In addition, the road conditions were bad, so Xia ruofei did not move quickly.

Of course, he wasn’t in a hurry. As he drove the car steadily, he went through the action plan in his mind again.

The main target of this operation was, of course, the person in charge of the secret training camp in Basoko town,”Golden Fox.” Xia ruofei would only consider expanding the results of the battle after capturing Golden Fox alive.

If he wanted to capture the rest of the executives in the group, he would have to pry open the mouth of the “Golden Fox”, or else it would take a lot more effort.

The Morde organization could be said to be the local tyrants of arulei, and the weird President of arulei didn’t even dare to make a sound in front of the Morde organization.

If it wasn’t for the fact that they were worried about the attack from the international community, it would be a piece of cake for Morde to launch a coup and directly control arulei.