Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

2403 Chs

ADD

2365 Target Viper (1)

Before leaving, Xia ruofei did not forget to put all the supplies he could find into the medium. Now that there were more than a hundred people in the medium, the supplies would be useful.

Xia ruofei swept through everything that could be moved, including the training camp’s warehouse and weapons warehouse.

This secret training camp was the transportation base for the Morde organization’s backup personnel. It was well – equipped with all kinds of supplies, especially the Arsenal, which stored a large number of guns and ammunition. There were also some packaged food, canned food, and barrels of gasoline in the warehouse. Now, they were all Xia ruofei’s trophies.

After collecting the supplies, Xia ruofei came to the small building where Golden Fox Metatron had lived. The first floor was where the instructors and staff worked. The monitoring room was also there. The data taken by dozens of cameras inside and outside the training camp was all stored in the monitoring room’s disk array.

Xia ruofei’s target was the data on the hard disk. Although he had avoided most of the cameras on purpose, it was inevitable that he would miss some. Moreover, he could not rule out the existence of hidden cameras. After all, the training camp was so big that even if Xia ruofei used his spiritual power, he would not be able to investigate in detail.

Therefore, in order to prevent their whereabouts from being exposed, the most convenient method was naturally to destroy the disk array that stored the data.

Xia ruofei found the monitoring room easily and found the disk array on the mecha.

He pulled out all the hard disks and threw them on the floor, then stepped on them.

Xia ruofei’s foot was filled with true energy, and the hard drives were all broken into pieces.

He then stomped on it a few more times until he saw that all the hard disks had shattered.

Then, Xia ruofei took out a small barrel of gasoline from the storage space. He poured some on the disk fragments and then poured the rest on the machine, control table, and other places.

After that, Xia ruofei threw the oil barrel aside and walked out of the surveillance room.

Before he left, he took out a ZIPPO lighter from his interspace. Many mercenaries had this kind of trinket. Before Xia ruofei put the people into the cage, he would take all their items, especially poison, weapons, and other things that could threaten their personal safety, and pile them up in a corner of the interspace.

There were dozens of lighters like this in the boundless space.

Xia ruofei randomly took one out and opened it with a “ding.” Then, he wiped it on his pants and the lighter was lit.

He threw the lighter into the monitoring room without looking back. He heard a whooshing sound behind him and a huge flame rose in the room.

Xia ruofei walked out of the three – story building calmly.

Before leaving the training camp, he did one last thing. He took out all the TNT explosives stored in the Arsenal and placed them all over the training camp. He also drove the tank truck from the oil depot to the tactical training ground and placed a bag of explosives.

All the explosives were equipped with time bombs, and the time was set to be half an hour later.

After setting up everything, Xia ruofei climbed over the wall and left the training camp.

The town was still very quiet at three or fouro’ clock in the morning. No one knew that the heavily guarded training camp had been ransacked, including all the personnel, weapons, and supplies.

Xia ruofei easily sneaked out of the town and found the pickup truck that he had left behind in the woods.

Xia ruofei was not in a hurry to leave. Instead, he sat in the driver’s seat, took out a cigarette, and lit it up. He smoked as he waited in silence.

After a while, the sounds of explosions came from the direction of Basoko town, and the flames that soared to the sky lit up Half the Sky.

Xia ruofei then snuffed out the cigarette in the car. He was careful not to throw it in the woods, but put it in the ashtray in the car.

The explosion must have destroyed all the traces. The control room was most likely not completely destroyed. Xia ruofei had even set it on fire in advance, so the possibility of leaving any clues was almost zero.

Xia ruofei laughed in a relaxed manner. He turned the key and started the pickup truck. After a while, the pickup truck disappeared at the end of the bumpy road. No one knew that he had been to Basoko town.

Of course, after the explosion, the news of the training camp being destroyed would spread very quickly.

Xia ruofei did not intend to hide this. Even if there was no explosion and the entire training camp was turned into a dead zone overnight, the news would still inevitably be leaked.

Hence, all Xia ruofei could do was to find them one by one before they realized the urgency of the situation, especially the leader of the organization, the mysterious Satan.

After all, Xia ruofei’s main goal of this trip was to find out who the mastermind behind song Qiming’s attack was.

Xia ruofei was racing against time.

According to Xia ruofei’s estimation, even if the modr organization knew that the training camp was destroyed, they would not immediately hide and escape. They would most likely try to find the person who caused this incident and then carry out crazy revenge.

In fact, the fighting power of the modr organization had not been damaged much. This was only a training base for reserve personnel. The real power of the modr organization was still the mercenary group and the shadow group responsible for the assassination. Since these two major forces were not damaged, the upper echelons of the modr organization would definitely not support them immediately.

This was the time that Xia ruofei needed.

As he drove, he set the navigation.

Xia ruofei’s next destination was Zaha city, located in the southeast of arulei.

According to the information provided by merendo, the most trusted subordinate of Satan, the leader of the modr group, was boa constrictor. He spent most of his time in the border city with Ethiopia.

He was originally an Ethiopia, but because of his criminal record, he had long been wanted by the Ethiopian police, so he did not easily enter Ethiopia. Instead, he lived in Zaha.

There, Boak owned a huge Manor and lived a luxurious life. Compared to the ordinary people in arulei, they were in two different worlds.

The reason why Xia ruofei chose Boak the Viper was naturally to force out the whereabouts of Satan, the leader of the mord organization, as soon as possible. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

According to merendo’s confession, the only person in the entire modr who might know Satan’s true identity and where he stayed was Boak. The other two Members of Parliament, Bason and Douglas, were probably similar to him and did not know much about Satan.

Although bassoon, the Thai in charge of the dark shadow Squad, might know who the mastermind behind the assassination of song Qiming was, Xia ruofei still chose to find Satan through Boak.

If he knew that he could catch Satan, he wouldn’t have to worry about not being able to find out who was behind song Qiming’s incident.

The sky gradually brightened.

An old pickup truck covered in wild graffiti sped in the direction of the rising sun, leaving a trail of dust behind it.

……

In the eastern suburbs of Zaha city, a magnificent Manor stood there, covering an area of a hundred acres.

Neatly trimmed green trees could be seen everywhere in the manor, and a Castle – like building could be vaguely seen in the crisscrossing trees. In addition to this Castle, there were many auxiliary buildings scattered in a picturesque disorder around it, forming a magnificent complex of buildings with the castle.

The scenery in the manor was like a song. There was a small man – made Lake with rippling water, and a group of swans were leisurely swimming in the lake. The rotten wood Trail by the lake was spotless, forming a sharp contrast with most of the dilapidated potholes in arulei. It was like a Pearl in the slums.

In the garden behind the castle, a black man in his forties was lying on a comfortable and soft recliner. He was wearing traditional Ethiopia clothes and a white Shama.

He was the famous boa constrictor, the second – in – command of the modr.

There were five to six beautiful women around him, one of them was black, the rest were white women with blonde hair and blue eyes. The only black woman also had a delicate face and a slim figure, belonging to the rare “Black Pearl” type.

He seemed to be very relaxed. From time to time, he would open his mouth and eat the fruits that the beautiful girls fed him. He was having a great time hugging the girls.

This was a little different from Xia ruofei’s prediction.

He had thought that the news of the explosion at the training camp would soon reach the upper echelons of the modr organization, but they wouldn’t go into hiding just because of this.

However, in fact, up until now, there was still no news of what happened in the training camp.

This was mainly due to the backward state of arulei.

Xia ruofei had cleaned up the secret training camp very thoroughly. Not a single person had escaped. Although the explosion had caused a huge commotion, arulei’s media industry was rather backward, and the Internet was only in its early stages. Such a big news had not been reported even after a few hours.

The reason why the training camp was built in Basoko town was because of its remote location.

Although there was an explosion in the training camp, the officials of the town of Basoko did not dare to delay and immediately reported it according to the procedures. However, the slow administrative efficiency of arulei also caused the news to spread very slowly.

Of course, the news was only a little delayed, but what was supposed to come would come.

As he was enjoying the moment, his phone on the table started to ring.

The Black Beauty was obviously the most favored one. She stood up, took the phone and handed it to Boak with both hands before he could say anything.

With a smile, he patted the dark Beauty’s body and took the phone.

He glanced at the caller ID and immediately picked up.””Boss! Is there something you need?”

The “boss” on the other end of the line said something that made him sit up straight from the chair. His face turned serious and he waved at the few beautiful ladies beside him.

The girls were smart, they knew that Boak did not want them to hear the conversation, so they left the garden one by one.

After the women had left, he quickly said,””Boss, how did this happen? Did those idiots set the gunpowder storage on fire? Where’s Metatron? He can’t absolve himself from the blame for such a big incident!”