Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

2374 Backtrack (1)

Manzila had already fallen into a Deep State of hypnosis, so he did not have any resistance to Xia ruofei’s question. He said,”The dark shadow team has carried out a lot of missions. I can’t remember clearly what you said about going to China for a mission, but there are detailed records in the secret room’s computer ...”

Xia ruofei nodded. It was good enough that they could find the source.

At the same time, Xia ruofei felt that it was funny. If Manzila knew that the reason for the fall of the modr organization was because of that assassination mission that he could not even remember, he wondered what expression Manzila would have on his face.

Then, Xia ruofei asked the other two Members of Parliament from the modr organization about the details of Boulder Douglas who was in charge of the mercenary group and the wizard Bason who was in charge of the shadow team. He verified the confessions of Golden Fox merendo and snake Boa.

Xia ruofei asked in detail and asked all the questions that he could think of. The hypnotized Manzila also told him everything she knew.

In the end, Xia ruofei decided to throw Manzila into the spirit map space and lock him up in a separate space cage.

Manzila, who was in a Deep State of hypnosis, did not resist at all and was directly taken into the space.

Then, Xia ruofei walked out of the time formation and took back all the formation flags. Without wasting a second, he walked into Manzila’s bedroom on the right.

Manzila had already explained the situation in the secret room in detail, so Xia ruofei went straight to the heavy stone statue in the corner of the bedroom.

Xia ruofei followed Manzila’s instructions and turned the stone 90 degrees counterclockwise. After hearing a light crack, he pressed it down slightly.

There was a sudden rumbling sound, and the two large cabinets in the bedroom slowly separated to the left and right, revealing a dark entrance on the floor.

Xia ruofei released his spiritual power to investigate as he walked towards the entrance of the secret room.

He took a closer look and saw a flight of stairs extending down from the entrance of the cave. Although it was dark inside and he couldn’t see clearly, everything was clear under the detection of his spiritual power.

Xia ruofei didn’t notice any danger, so he stepped onto the first step.

After going down a few steps, the cave entrance was above him. Xia ruofei reached out and touched the wall. As expected, he saw a bump. Without hesitation, he pressed it down slightly.

With a rumbling sound, the hole above them was sealed again.

Xia ruofei was mainly concerned about the commotion caused by the fight with Manzila outside. The building where the staff of the temple were staying was not far from the courtyard. It was hard to guarantee that no one would hear the noise and come to check.

Now that he had closed the entrance to the secret chamber, he had plenty of time to explore it.

Although it was called exploration, it was not really challenging.

Because Manzila was under the state of hypnosis, he had already explained everything clearly. He had clearly explained what valuable things were stored in the secret chamber.

Xia ruofei continued to walk down. After the entrance of the cave closed, the tunnel returned to extreme darkness. However, Xia ruofei’s vision was extremely strong. Even without using his spiritual power, he could see clearly under the dim light.

After a while, he arrived in front of a heavy iron gate.

This iron door was equipped with a password disk, which required a 16 – digit password that contained numbers, letters, and even special symbols.

The multiple protective measures were originally to better ensure safety. It was just that when this secret chamber was first set up, it was certainly not expected that Satan would one day be captured, and that he would confess all the secrets of this secret chamber without resistance.

Under such circumstances, no amount of protection would be of any use.

Xia ruofei entered the password skillfully. As expected, the password dial beeped lightly, indicating that the password was correct.

Then, the iron door slowly opened.

Behind the metal door was a secret room that was about 40 to 50 square meters in size.

Xia ruofei walked into the secret room. The first thing he did was to walk to one of the corners.

At this moment, the sensory Jade Leaf on his chest was burning hot, and the White realm Fox Bai Qingqing in the spirit map space was roaring madly.

Actually, Xia ruofei had already noticed the black “big rock” in the corner of the room the moment he entered.

Xia ruofei was already very familiar with the aura of the realm stone. That black stone was clearly the realm stone!

However, it was different from the standard – sized world stone he had in mind. This world stone was so large that it exceeded his expectations. It was the size of a washbasin. If it was really cut into standard – sized pieces, there would probably be dozens of them.

Xia ruofei’s breathing became a little rushed and he was so excited that his body trembled slightly. This unintentional harvest was even more than the world stones he had obtained at green travel Immortal Island.

The last time he was in green travel Immortal Island, he had gone through a lot of hardships and almost lost his life there. In the end, he had only obtained 35 world stones.

On the other hand, apart from Manzila, who was a little more difficult to deal with, everything had been smooth on his way back to arulei. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Even Manzila was only a Qi refining Level 3 cultivator, so defeating him was not difficult at all. The reason why he had to go through some trouble was mainly to make him talk. Otherwise, it would not be considered a difficult task.

It was a surprise to Xia ruofei that he could actually obtain such a huge world stone from this half – a – Tour trip to Africa.