Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

2377 Surfacing (2) Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

According to Manzila, many valuable things were stored in the laptop that Xia ruofei had just taken out.

The two computers were almost identical. The laptop that Xia ruofei found in the drawer had the wireless Internet access and Bluetooth module removed. The other optical drive only had the function of reading the drive and not recording.

As the number one figure in the modr organization, Manzila could be said to know all the secrets of the entire mercenary organization, which were basically stored in this computer.

Manzila was actually a very cautious person. This could be seen from the fact that he had never revealed his identity as the leader of the modr organization for so many years. He even used the prominent identity of the high priest of arulei as a cover.

Therefore, Manzila was also very careful in terms of information security.

This laptop with the wireless Internet access module and Bluetooth module removed was used to store confidential information. The reason for removing these modules was naturally to prevent information leakage. It directly isolated the computer from the outside world.

When he needed to copy information or install software, he would also directly record the data into a disk for data migration.

For this reason, he even changed the CD – ROM drive to an ordinary one with no recording function. This was to prevent Trojan viruses from secretly recording the data on the CD and hiding it.

This way, the next time he used the CD on a computer connected to the internet, the Trojan virus would secretly send the stolen information to the designated mailbox through email.

If the CD – ROM drive had no recording function, and the use of USB drives and mobile hard drives to reverse data was prohibited, then there would naturally be no such hidden dangers.

With such tight security, the things stored in the computer would naturally be very valuable.

Among them was the most complete list of all the members of the mord organization. Of course, the most useful one to Xia ruofei was undoubtedly the list of members of the dark shadow Squad.

This was because the dark shadow Squad was not like mercenary groups, where they moved as a group most of the time. The dark shadow Squad was actually made up of several relatively fixed combat teams. Usually, only one or several teams would be sent for a mission. Basically, the members of the dark shadow Squad would not gather together. They were usually scattered all over the country, including arulei and some other countries around it, even Europe, Asia, and other places.

Without this list, it would be impossible for Xia ruofei to uproot the dark shadow Squad.

Once he obtained this list, he would be able to follow the map.

This was because the register didn’t only record their names, photos, and other information. It also included their hiding places, even their secret codes, and so on. It could be said to be very detailed.

With this roster, Xia ruofei could save a lot of trouble.

After Xia ruofei found the name list, he scanned through it briefly and made a copy of it on the table. He could open it the next time he needed it.

Xia ruofei searched on his computer and found a file named “data. Doyle” in a deep folder in the system drive.

If it was not for Manzila’s instructions, Xia ruofei would not have noticed such a file in the system drive.

Xia ruofei changed the Postfix of the file to “.docx” and double – clicked it. A document was immediately presented in front of Xia ruofei.

This was originally a Word document, but Manzila had deliberately changed the Postfix of the document to “. Doyle” and hidden it in a very deep path in the system drive. It could be said that he was extremely cautious.

Xia ruofei glanced at the document and his eyes lit up.

The document wasn’t big, only one page, but the contents of this page were worth thousands of gold. The document recorded more than a dozen accounts of various sizes and the corresponding passwords.

Most of these accounts were opened in Switzerland where the banking industry was the most developed, and they came from six or seven different banks.

In addition to the account number and password, the document also noted the reservation information of each bank in detail. When transferring money, many banks would need to check the reservation information to ensure the safety of the client’s property.

Xia ruofei immediately pulled out another laptop and found the website of one of the banks from the browser’s folder.

After opening the URL, he quickly entered the login page.

After Xia ruofei logged in with the account password recorded in the document, he checked the balance of the anonymous account and found that there were six million US dollars in it.

In fact, all the accounts and passwords recorded in that document were real and valid. The money that the modr organization, or Manzilla, had saved over the years, was all stored in these banks.

Now that the leader of the modr group, Manzila, had become Xia ruofei’s prisoner, Manzila’s things naturally became Xia ruofei’s spoils.

Hence, he did not hesitate at all. He immediately operated on the internet and the six million USD was transferred into Xia ruofei’s overseas bank account.

After the transaction, Xia ruofei followed the document and opened the second bank’s website.

Check the balance! Transfer!

Then, it was the third account, the fourth account ...

Xia ruofei was happily harvesting Manzila’s assets.

In a short while, Xia ruofei logged into the bank for all the accounts and passwords recorded in the document. Then, he transferred all the money to his own account, not leaving even a cent.

After the money had been transferred to more than ten accounts, Xia ruofei did a rough calculation. Just this alone, he had almost more than one billion US dollars in his account!

Just one account alone contributed more than 200 million US dollars, and the other accounts ranged from millions to tens of millions.

After Xia ruofei had transferred all the money, he was still a little unsatisfied. He mumbled to himself,””It’s still those who do business without capital who are rich! Why don’t you have a few more accounts? I will definitely work for several days and nights without feeling tired!”

Xia ruofei even wondered if he should look for more criminal organizations that were full of evil to deal with. If all the foreign organizations were as rich as the mord organization, it wouldn’t take long for them to become a billionaire in US dollars!

Of course, Xia ruofei was just thinking about it. With his own strength, it was impossible for him to destroy so many criminal organizations. Besides, he did not have the energy to care about it.

All in all, Xia ruofei was more inclined to take things slow and steady, using reasonable and legal means to develop his career.

After reaping the profits, Xia ruofei didn’t wait for long before Zhao Yongjun called.

“Brother, I’ve already asked around for you!” Zhao Yongjun said,”after Liu haojun left San Shan, he was sent directly to Pingan County, Chang ‘an city in the beixia province. There’s a company called Yuancheng trading company there. In fact, it’s a subsidiary company controlled by the Liu family ... Strictly speaking, it’s a’ Sun Company ‘. The controlling party is a subsidiary company of the Liu family enterprise. It’s very small and unremarkable. Liu haojun was arranged to be the deputy manager of that trading company. I’ve already texted you the address and information, you can check it yourself!”

Xia ruofei heard a message notification when he answered the phone. He must have received a message from Zhao Yongjun.

Xia ruofei’s eyes narrowed as he said,”brother Zhao, thank you!” You’ve done me a great favor! I’ll treat you to a drink later!”

“Hahaha! You’re too polite!” Zhao Yongjun said with a smile.

Considering that Xia ruofei was hiding his identity and moving around overseas, Zhao Yongjun didn’t talk much with Xia ruofei and hung up the phone.

Xia ruofei’s expression had turned extremely cold. He didn’t even need to check the address message from Zhao Yongjun to confirm that the mastermind behind this “MR LIU” was Liu haojun!