Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

2378 African cultivators (1)

Xia ruofei had checked the client’s IP address recorded by the modr organization and found out that it was the Yuancheng trading company located in Pingan County.

How could there be a company with the exact same name in such a poor County?

Not to mention, in a place with an average annual income of less than 10000 dollars, who could afford to pay a million dollars to buy the life of a leader in another province thousands of miles away? Moreover, from the transfer information, the person’s surname was most likely Liu, and Liu haojun happened to work in this company.

With so much information combined, if they still couldn’t lock onto Liu haojun, how many coincidences would happen that had a low probability of happening?

But even so, Xia ruofei still looked at the address Zhao Yongjun sent.

There was no mistake! It was exactly the same as the address he had found through IP tracing!

“Liu haojun!” Xia ruofei muttered to himself coldly, his eyes filled with unconcealed killing intent.

At this moment, Liu haojun, who was thousands of miles away in northwest China, sneezed for no reason and felt a chill all over his body.

Liu haojun was sitting in a simple – looking office. He mumbled to himself with a gloomy expression,””The weather in this godforsaken place is really ... It’s all that little bastard Xia ruofei’s fault! Motherf * cker! The killer organization that Lu Hua recommended was not reliable at all! And they even called themselves the blade of Africa! You took my money and messed things up! Fuck!” Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

……

The temple of arulei, in the underground secret room of the high priest Manzila’s residence.

Xia ruofei calmed himself down and kept the two laptops into the medium.

Then, he swept through the secret room again and found many valuable things.

It was similar to what he had found at Golden Fox Metatron’s place yesterday. There was gold, diamonds, and some cash, worth about three to four million dollars.

Xia ruofei didn’t count them carefully and just kept them all in the spirit map space.

Then, Xia ruofei thought for a while, and with a thought, he grabbed Manzila out of the space cage and threw him on the ground.

Manzila’s face was filled with fear. He panted heavily while looking at Xia ruofei with respect.

After being put into the spirit map space, Xia ruofei stopped his spiritual hypnosis so he quickly woke up and realized his situation.

Unlike other people, Manzila was already a practitioner. His practice theory was not systematic, and he spent most of his time fumbling around by himself. However, he still had some understanding of practice, so he could immediately feel that the concentration of spiritual energy in the environment was extremely high.

Then, he found himself trapped in an extremely small and invisible cage.

As a cultivator, Manzila’s shock at this time was simply indescribable. In his opinion, this was the masterpiece of the legendary Super Master who had mastered the laws of space.

When he thought about the young man’s powerful fighting strength and his terrifying hypnotism technique, Manzila’s heart sank to the bottom. Memories of the time when he was hypnotized could not be erased. He could still remember them after the event. Of course, he remembered that after he was hypnotized, he spilled everything he knew to Xia ruofei without any hesitation. He would not even reveal the top – secret information that he would not reveal when he was sleeping.

In Manzila’s eyes, this was simply the work of a God!

However, he still did not know why this mysterious Eastern High – Level cultivator came all the way here to find trouble with him. From the way the other party had hypnotized him, it was likely that the modr organization had carried out a mission to assassinate song Qiming. This Eastern cultivator must have a very close relationship with the target song Qiming.

“Those idiots! He dared to accept any mission! Why don’t you check the basic situation of the target in advance?” Manzila could not help but curse in arulei’s dialect.

Just as Manzila was gritting his teeth and cursing the dark shadow Squad, he suddenly felt his body become sluggish. Then, he felt the world spinning around him. After a moment of dizziness, he realized that he was in a secret chamber. Standing in front of him was a smiling Xia ruofei.

Manzila looked at the mess on the floor and knew that the other party must have taken everything away. He clearly remembered how he cooperated with Xia ruofei’s questions. There were even a few times when Xia ruofei did not think about it, but he took the initiative to tell him everything. For example, the two laptops, or the file with the bank account password that he had hidden in more than ten banks. He was the one who took the initiative to tell Xia ruofei. Xia ruofei had only casually asked if there were any valuable items in the secret room and he had confessed everything one by one, as if he was taking credit for it.

That was all the wealth that he had accumulated over the years! Manzila felt that his heart was bleeding.

At the same time, he also felt a deep sense of despair. The other party’s absolute strength was much higher than his. The two of them were not on the same level at all. Moreover, his hands and feet were all broken, and he had no strength to fight at all.

Xia ruofei had obviously gotten what he wanted. So ... Should he kill her to silence her?

Thinking of this, Manzila could not help but shiver.

If he were to be killed here, it would take a long time for the people outside to find him. Only he knew the details of this secret room. Even his confidant, Boak, only knew that he had set up a very safe secret room in his residence, but he didn’t know the exact location or the password to open it.