Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

2384 Continue to hunt (1)

Although the spirit Qi in the spirit map space was rich, if too much spirit Qi was consumed, the foundation of the space would be damaged.

Especially the higher the cultivation, the more spiritual energy was needed for each cultivation. And in this space, unlike the outside world, where only two fixed time periods could be cultivated, one could absorb spiritual energy 24 hours a day here. If one cultivated without restraint, no matter how rich the spiritual energy was, it would not be able to withstand such consumption.

Xia ruofei himself could not bear to cultivate in there for a long time. Of course, he would not allow Manzila to do so.

Otherwise, if he captured Manzila into the origin space, he would not be doing hard labor, but would be rewarded. To any cultivator, this was undoubtedly the legendary paradise. If he could really cultivate here, he might not even be willing to leave.

The reason why Xia ruofei had brought Manzila into the medium was that he had considered that a Qi Level 3 cultivator would more or less be of some use. At the very least, his physical strength was much stronger than that of an ordinary person. After his injuries were healed, it would not be a problem for him to do some heavy physical work.

Seeing Manzila’s fearful expression, Xia ruofei’s tone became calmer.””I’m not an unreasonable person. As long as you perform well at work, I’ll allow you to cultivate for half an hour every month. Of course, this would require you to use your work points to exchange for it! You’ll find out how to get the points soon. ”

This was like giving a carrot after a stick. Often, this kind of effect was much better than directly giving a favor.

Sure enough, when Manzila heard these words, it was as if he had come back to life. This was really a ray of hope!

Cultivating for half an hour in this immortal land was definitely equivalent to cultivating for a month in the outside world. In this way, not only would his cultivation not deteriorate, but he might even make a little progress! Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Manzila quickly put on a grateful expression and said,”Thank you for your generosity, master!”

Xia ruofei nodded and reached out his hand to grab at the air. From the middle of the mountain in the mountain sea realm, a spirit crystal with dense spiritual Qi flew out from the stone room in the cave and accurately landed in Xia ruofei’s palm.

“As long as you don’t have any disloyal thoughts and perform well enough,” he said indifferently,”not only will you have a certain amount of time to cultivate, but I can also reward you with such cultivation resources!”

When the spirit crystal appeared, Manzilla had already felt the dense and undispersed spirit energy. To be precise, this entire spirit crystal was made of pure spirit energy, but because of the high concentration, it was directly compressed into a solid.

Manzila’s breathing became more rapid. He stared at the spiritual crystal and could not take his eyes off it.

In the past, he had been the local tyrant in arulei and had even cultivated the mysterious Eastern Immortal Technique. He had thought that he was already at the peak of his life. Now, he realized that he was just a frog in the well. He had no idea how high the sky was and how thick the earth was.

Even if he still had that tiny bit of hope in his heart just now, thinking that he could secretly cultivate, that hope had long since disappeared. On the other hand, if he worked hard for Xia ruofei, he would have the chance to get the coveted cultivation treasure. As long as he was not out of his mind, he would know what to choose.

“Master, I will definitely do my best to serve you!” Manzila was so excited that his face turned red. He wanted to show Xia ruofei his heart.

Xia ruofei nodded in satisfaction and said,””That’s a pretty good attitude!”

With that, he summoned the blue flying sword that he had been nurturing in his dantian and played with it casually.

The flying sword was dancing around Xia ruofei’s fingertips like a fish. Sometimes, it would circle around Xia ruofei’s body at a high speed, drawing out a sharp sword light.

Xia ruofei played with the flying sword and said,””You can leave too! Treat your injuries as soon as possible, I don’t keep idle people here ...”

When Manzila saw the sharp sword light, he could not help but shiver.

He had read many ancient Chinese books, and he could not help but Mutter in his heart,”This must be the legendary flying sword that could kill people from thousands of miles away! ‘Master’s strength is truly unfathomable ...

At this moment, Manzila had a deep respect for Xia ruofei. He quickly said,”Yes, master!”

However, the embarrassing thing was that his hands and feet were all fractured. Even with the cultivation of refined Qi Level 3, it was difficult for him to move at this time.

Xia ruofei glanced at Manzila and said to Xia Qing,””Get two people to carry him in first! Treat his injuries as soon as possible!”

“Yes, master!” Xia Qing replied.

As for the rest, Xia Qing would naturally arrange it. Xia ruofei had absolute control over everything in the realm, so he wasn’t worried that there would be any trouble in the realm with more than a hundred people living there.

In fact, if there were any merfolk who wanted to create chaos and destruction, Xia ruofei didn’t need to do it personally. Xia Qing could also use part of the invisible spatial force in an instant to suppress these people.

Hence, Xia ruofei did not stay in the spatial zone for too long. After leaving everything to Xia Qing, he left the spatial zone and returned to the outside world with a thought. He did not even bother about the huge realm stone for the time being.

After all, they were still overseas and in the secret underground room behind the temple of arulei. It was not an absolutely safe place. Xia ruofei naturally would not choose to let the spirit map scroll absorb the world stone at this time.

He returned to Manzila’s Secret room and put the scroll back into his body. Then, he walked towards the tunnel at the exit.

All the valuable things in this secret room had been plundered by him, so it was time to leave.

Xia ruofei walked along the tunnel. When he was about to reach the ground, he released his psychic energy to check up and found that there was no one in Manzila’s courtyard. He did not know if the staff of the temple did not notice the movement just now or if someone had come to check and left after finding nothing unusual.

When Xia ruofei subdued Manzila, the fight was actually very short, and there was no damage to the house, nor any traces of a fight. If the staff came to check, they would at most find that Manzila was gone.

As arulei’s high priest, Manzila did not need to report to anyone when he left his residence. Therefore, even if the staff came to check, they would probably not find anything.

After Xia ruofei confirmed that there was no one outside, he immediately pressed on the protruding part at the edge of the steps. The mechanism made a light clicking sound and the cover slid open. At the same time, the cabinet above him also made space, revealing a hole.

Xia ruofei once again changed his appearance to that of a Southeast Asian. Then, he flashed out and quickly turned the stone statue to return the secret chamber to its original state.

He once again released his mental power and spread it around the small courtyard of Manzila. After confirming that no one was nearby, he left the house without hesitation.

Xia ruofei did not use the main entrance. Instead, he jumped over the wall behind the courtyard and made a big detour before leaving from the scenic spot’s exit on the side as if nothing had happened.

He went to the parking lot outside the temple, took the pickup truck, and drove away from the temple.

Xia ruofei calculated in his mind as he drove.

He had already found out that Liu haojun was the mastermind behind song Qiming’s assassination. Furthermore, Xia ruofei’s gains from the extermination of the mord organization were beyond his expectations, especially the huge realm stone. He was still in a state of excitement. By right, he should have been able to leave arulei and return to his country as soon as possible.

However, after some consideration, Xia ruofei decided not to go back for the time being.

Liu haojun didn’t know that his plan had been exposed, so he couldn’t run away for a while. On the other hand, more than half of the forces of Morde were still intact.

Xia ruofei had come to Africa with the intention of completely annihilating this mercenary organization, but it was obviously not complete yet.

The news of Manzilla’s disappearance would not spread out for a while. The remaining two higher – ups of the modr organization, Bason and Boulder Douglas, would probably only know that the training camp had been bombed. Since the training camp was not their area of responsibility, they would not have much of a reaction. At the very least, they would not go into hiding.

It was obviously the best time to take them down in one go. Otherwise, if Satan, the leader of the organization, was uncontactable for a long time, there was no guarantee that Bason and Douglas would have any psychological changes. Even if they did not run away and chose to be independent, the information that Xia ruofei had now would not be of much value.

It would be better to take advantage of the fact that they had not yet come to their senses and wipe out this evil mercenary organization in one fell swoop.

Of course, there was another important reason for Xia ruofei’s decision.

Although he had captured three leaders of the Morde organization and wiped out the entire training camp, his mercenary group and the dark shadow Squad were still intact, especially the dark shadow Squad. Their last mission to China had failed, so Xia ruofei was not 100% sure whether Bason would continue to send people there.

Although the possibility was not high, Xia ruofei could not bet on song Qiming’s safety. Once the small possibility became a reality, it could lead to an irreversible outcome.

He was lucky this time. He managed to rush back in time and pulled song Qiming back from the gates of hell.

But what about the next time? Would he still have such good luck?

What if song Qiming was killed on the spot? No matter how capable Xia ruofei was, he would not be able to save her.

Therefore, he had to get rid of all the hidden dangers before he could return to the country with peace of mind to settle the score with the Liu family.

Besides, the most important thing now was to deal with the dark shadow Squad. He could put the modr mercenary group on hold for a while. As long as the dark shadow Squad existed, song Qiming would be in danger.

After making up his mind, Xia ruofei stepped on the gas pedal and the pickup truck suddenly sped up. They drove towards the border between arulei and Ethiopia ...