Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

2385 Bason the wizard (1)

Bason spent most of his time living in osuda, a border city on the side of Ethiopia that was close to arulei.

The country of Aruray was located in the narrow zone between Ethiopia and Sudan. The border with Ethiopia was very long, stretching hundreds of kilometers. With such a long border, and the weak military power of arulei, the management was naturally very loose.

Xia ruofei had planned to cross the border between the two countries near Usuda. After taking care of Bason, he would return to arulei without anyone knowing.

The reason why Xia ruofei did not choose to take the plane from arulei to Ethiopia was to confuse the public. There were records of the country’s entry and exit. While he was in arulei, there were consecutive explosions in Basoko town and the disappearance of the high priest. When he left the country for Ethiopia, there was the disappearance of bassoon. It was easy for him to be listed as a suspect during the post – investigation.

Xia Tian’s cover identity was very useful. Unless it was a last resort, Xia ruofei did not want this identity to be exposed. After all, it was a matter of face to get a new identity.

The kingdom of arulei was long and narrow from north to south, and the distance between East and West was very short. Xia ruofei drove all the way to the East and soon approached the border area. By then, the sky was gradually turning dark.

This area was a vast wilderness, and the closer they got to the border, the more difficult the road was. In fact, this area was sparsely populated, and there were basically no vehicles passing by. At most, there would be military patrol vehicles passing by here every few days, so the road maintenance was naturally neglected.

Xia ruofei found a depression overgrown with weeds and drove the pickup truck in. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

This time, he didn’t hide the car. Instead, he skillfully removed the front and back license plates, and then put the whole car into his space.

There were checkpoints at the borders of the two countries. Xia ruofei also needed a car to get into Ethiopia. Although Xia ruofei had no problem running on foot, it was too troublesome. So, he simply used his space to bring the pickup truck over.

Anyway, old pickup trucks like this were everywhere in the border area, and the possibility of the police patrolling the remote roads was not high, so it was not a big problem even if there was no license plate.

Even if he did encounter the police, Xia ruofei could just abandon the car and escape.

Anyway, he had erased the car’s frame number and engine number, and the appearance had been changed beyond recognition. When he drove into the wilderness, he had even removed the license plate. So, even if someone found the car, it would not be associated with the pickup truck at the car rental agency for a while.

The reason why he didn’t do this the first few times was that the pickup truck weighed at least a few tons. It would be a burden on his mental power to keep it in and out of the space so frequently, so if it was not necessary, he would rather hide the car.

After Xia ruofei put away the pickup truck, he moved quickly under the cover of the night. Soon, he crossed the almost undefended border and entered Ethiopia.

According to the handheld GPS, Usuda was about 80 kilometers Southeast.

After Xia ruofei crossed the border, he did not immediately look for a road. After all, the area near the border might have a higher concentration of patrols.

He followed the GPS’s directions and sped through the wilderness in the direction of Usuda. Whenever he encountered a small obstacle, Xia ruofei would leap over it at a fast speed.

After running for more than half an hour, Xia ruofei estimated that he had traveled at least seven to eight kilometers. He then looked at the handheld GPS and ran towards an empty road not far away.

After another four to five minutes, Xia ruofei had found the road. It was marked as Route 76 on the GPS. If he followed the road to the southeast, he would reach his destination, Usuda, about 70 kilometers away.

The road conditions here were slightly better than the roads in arulei. Although there were many potholes, at least some asphalt could be seen.

Similarly, Xia ruofei found a place with tall grass to hide. He first used his spiritual power to check the surroundings. After confirming that there was no one else around, he took the pickup truck out of the space and drove on the road, heading in the direction of Usuda.

Along the way, Xia ruofei was more careful as he did not want to be stopped by the patrolling police because he was driving an unlicensed car. Fortunately, a cultivator’s eyesight was better than an average person ‘s, so he could see very far even at night. In addition, he had a strong mental power, so the journey was smooth.

After driving for more than 40 minutes, Xia ruofei really did come across a police car.

However, his mental power had already discovered the other party before the police car turned the dark corner. He drove the car to a low – lying area on the side of the road in time to hide.

After avoiding the police car, Xia ruofei drove smoothly to the outskirts of Usuda.

It was about nineo’ clock in the evening.

Xia ruofei also found a relatively hidden place. After checking with his spiritual power to make sure it was safe, he kept the car into the origin space and walked towards the city with a shoulder bag.

In the western suburbs of Usuda.

It was a two – story building that looked a little shabby from the outside, but there was still a faint yellow light on it.

There was a rather large courtyard outside the building, but it was overgrown with weeds and looked very dilapidated.

A light breeze blew past, causing the weeds in the courtyard to sway slightly. In the dark night, their shadows were indistinct, giving off an inexplicable sense of eeriness.

On the second floor of the small building, there was a large room.

A skinny Thai was fiddling with a bunch of small things at the table.

The Thai was about 40 years old and was half – Naked, revealing the strange and eerie tattoo on his body.

His body was extremely thin, and his ribs were clearly visible, as if he was wrapped in a layer of skin.

The man was a high – ranking member of the modr organization, Bason, also known as the wizard.

Bason’s face was filled with a dense yin energy. His dead fish eyes would make one shiver even in the day.

There was a silver plate on the table in front of Bason. On the plate were human bones of different sizes. Bason looked like he was admiring a piece of art. He rubbed the bones with a satisfied expression.

Suddenly, Bason raised his head. A sharp light flashed in his eyes. He knew that someone had invaded his courtyard!

The next moment, before Bason could stand up, a young man came in from the second – Floor window. He said in a relaxed tone,””You’re quite vigilant ... You’re the first one to notice me in advance. As expected of the person in charge of the dark shadow Squad!”

The person was naturally Xia ruofei, who had crossed the border overnight from arulei.

Xia ruofei spoke in English, so Ong could understand him. When he heard the words “Shadow Squad”, his face tensed up.

Bason looked at Xia ruofei and asked in English,””Who are you? Are you from China? Why don’t you speak Thai?”

Xia ruofei’s appearance had obvious Southeast Asian characteristics. When he was at the temple of arulei, he even made up a Thailand name called “sucha”. Manzila did not suspect anything at first.

The first thought that came to bassoon’s mind when he saw Xia ruofei was: Did the country send someone to arrest me?

He had committed a great crime in Thailand and had to flee to Africa. Therefore, when he saw a man with a Southeast Asian face, he was shocked and suspicious.

Xia ruofei smiled and said,””Mr. Wizard, what kind of person do you want me to be?”

Ong snorted coldly. Without further hesitation, he raised his hand and a few black shadows shot towards Xia ruofei.

In Ong’s opinion, no matter who the other party was, they couldn’t have come to visit him since they had jumped through the window on the second floor in the middle of the night, right? Since they were enemies, it would not be wrong to kill them first!

Xia ruofei looked at the approaching shadows with interest.

These were a few snakes that were entangled together, and they were live snakes. They were constantly wriggling as they flew. Their triangular tongues were aimed in Xia ruofei’s direction, and they kept flicking their tongues.

Bason was secretly happy when he saw that Xia ruofei did not Dodge.

However, what happened next made him widen his eyes. When the snakes were about 10 to 20 centimeters away from Xia ruofei, they stopped moving as if there was an invisible barrier in front of Xia ruofei.

Then, he did not see Xia ruofei move, but the snakes he shot out trembled and fell to the ground. They were not moving at all and were obviously dead.

Bason was shocked and furious. At the same time, he did not believe it. He waved his hands and black shadows shot out from his hands. Their target was Xia ruofei.

Among the shadows, there were cold venomous snakes, ferocious centipedes, and all kinds of venomous insects that Xia ruofei did not know the name of.

Xia ruofei’s expression didn’t change at all. Instead, he was very interested. He stood still and said,” “Bason, there are so many snakes, insects, rats and ants. Where are you hiding? I see that you’re not wearing any clothes on your upper body. Could it be ... Hidden in your pants?”

The snakes, insects, rats, and ants could not get close to Xia ruofei either. It was as if there was an invisible protective shield around him. The poisonous insects surrounded the shield. From a distance, it looked like a cocoon that completely covered Xia ruofei.

Bason saw that his poisonous snakes and insects were unable to do anything to the other party. He frowned and glared as if he was having an intense mental battle.

In the end, Bason made up his mind and started to mumble all sorts of strange syllables. In the end, he spat out a mouthful of blood on a cloth doll on the table. Then, he waved his hand ...