Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

2390 Entering the Warzone for the first time (1)

Of course, Xia ruofei did not make a detailed plan. After all, war was everywhere in vadira, and the situation was changing every day. No matter how detailed his plan was, it could not keep up with the changes.

As they drove past arulei, Xia ruofei did not forget to instruct Xia Qing to pay attention to the assassins in the space cage through telepathy.

He was currently busy with the mercenary group’s matters and didn’t have time to deal with them for the time being. When he was free, he didn’t know how many days it would take.

These people were locked up together, and the probability of them going crazy was not high, but they could not go without eating and drinking!

So Xia ruofei asked Xia Qing to keep an eye on them. If they were starving, he would throw some food and water in. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Of course, he didn’t forget to ask Xia Qing to warn the assassins not to start any disputes when she put in the food. It wasn’t impossible for them to fight for food when they were starving. Besides, these people killed without blinking. If they really fought, it was normal for a few to die. These were Xia ruofei’s free labor. He had worked so hard to capture them into the origin space. Even if one of them died, it would be a loss.

However, with Xia Qing around, Xia ruofei was also very assured.

When necessary, she could use the invisible power of space to restrain those lawless assassins. It was a very simple thing for Xia Qing.

By the time Xia ruofei arrived at the Western border of arulei, the sky was already turning bright.

He still found a hidden place and put the car into his Origin space.

This time, he had to drive a few hundred kilometers in vadira. He did not intend to use the second – hand pickup truck he bought in arulei, but he estimated that he would stay in vadira for at least a few days. It was not safe to hide the car at the arulei border.

If the car was lost, Xia ruofei did not care about the loss of a few thousand dollars. He just did not want people to follow the clues from the car. Even if there was a slight possibility of suspicion, Xia ruofei had to avoid it.

Therefore, after this trip to Africa, he was prepared to take the pickup truck away with him. He would find an appropriate time to throw the car into the sea when he went out to sea. Then, he would completely eliminate all clues.

After keeping the car in the origin space, Xia ruofei was not in a hurry to cross the border.

After all, it was already dawn, and it was not a good time to sneak across the country.

Besides, he had been working non – stop since the night raid on Basoko town, except for a short rest at bassoon’s house the night before. Although his body wasn’t completely exhausted, he was mentally exhausted!

Hence, after Xia ruofei checked the handheld GPS, he walked to a small border town ten kilometers away and found a hotel to stay in.

After paying a tip of 50 dollars, the hotel owner readily booked a room for Xia ruofei without checking any documents.

In fact, trade was very active in the border area. Even though vadira was currently in a war, the border trade was still very prosperous, especially because the war had also given birth to some gray transactions, such as the smuggling of firearms, which made the border town look even more prosperous.

Every day, people of different skin colors would come to this small town. The innkeeper was used to seeing guests who did not want to reveal their identities.

Of course, Xia ruofei’s tip of 50 dollars had also played a very important role.

This time, Xia ruofei had changed into a different look when he came to this border town. Jian Jia had used her thai look many times. Out of careful consideration, he had used makeup to make his skin much fairer. At the same time, he made his nose taller and adjusted his facial features. He looked more like an Eurasian.

After he checked into the hotel, he had been resting in his room. He would take out some instant noodles and biscuits from his space to have a simple meal.

Of course, after he finished eating the instant food, he carefully put the packaging into his space.

Xia ruofei rested until the evening before leaving the room. He strolled around the town and returned to the hotel when the sky turned dark.

Xia ruofei turned off the lights at around eighto’ clock in the evening, creating the illusion that he was going to sleep.

In fact, after he stayed in the dark room for a while, he jumped out of the back window without anyone noticing. Under the cover of the night, he quickly left the town and headed quickly in the direction of the border.

Due to the chaotic situation in vadira, the border security of arulei was relatively tight, mainly to prevent a large number of refugees from crossing the border.

The country of arulei’s economy was very backward, and if a large number of refugees flooded in all of a sudden, they would not be able to survive.

Of course, those who had fled from the war would not flee in the direction of arulei unless they had no other choice.

Xia ruofei carefully avoided a few waves of patrolling guards. When he was far away from the border town, the security was indeed much weaker. However, long barbed wire was built along the border, and it seemed to be the kind with electricity.

This kind of barbed wire could block ordinary people, but it was nothing to Xia ruofei.

He stomped the ground lightly, and his body rose from the ground. He nimbly crossed the wire fence wall, and then quickly disappeared into the night.