Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

2392 Human lives are as cheap as grass (1)

Xia ruofei’s full speed was very fast. He covered the distance of one to two hundred meters in an instant.

It was a mess outside the coffee shop. All kinds of building materials and glass shards were scattered on the ground. The entire glass wall, door, and window had disappeared.

While Xia ruofei was running, he had already scanned the area with his spiritual power. He did not find Tony in the car.

Xia ruofei’s heart sank and he rushed into the cafe without hesitation.

When he saw the scene in front of him, he couldn’t help but gasp despite his strong mental fortitude.

At this time, the coffee shop seemed to have become a slaughterhouse. Many people were lying on the ground. These people were all like bloody gourds. Some were pressed under the table and the wreckage of the chandeliers, and some were lying directly on the bar counter, their hanging hands still dripping with blood.

Xia ruofei even saw blood and flesh splattered on the wall. The entire cafe was filled with the smell of gunpowder and blood.

One could see how powerful the explosion was.

In addition, the coffee shop was silent after the explosion. There was no trace of moaning, only the occasional dripping of blood on the ground.

The silence was suffocating.

Xia ruofei was someone who had been on the battlefield. He knew that there would be no survivors in the coffee shop after the explosion.

As he used his mental power to scan the people lying on the ground, he muttered in his heart,”Why were there so many people in the cafe so early in the morning?

What Xia ruofei did not know was that the main customers of this café in Deca town were not the local people, but foreigners.

The composition of the foreigners who often appeared here was also quite complicated. There were arms smugglers, intelligence brokers, and some foreigners engaged in trade.

Of course, these people all had one thing in common, and that was that they were all making a fortune from the war in vadira.

So, they didn’t go to the coffee shop for fun, but to talk business.

In fact, this café in Deca town had become the intelligence Center in the Eastern Region of vadira. Of course, there were also many freelance war journalists like Tony who would come here to get some interview clues.

The explosion was obviously a suicide attack, and the mastermind behind it was most likely the anti – Government armed forces, which were growing in power in wadira. The reason why they had chosen this café was that there were more foreigners here. If there were heavy casualties, it would cause a relatively large international impact. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Xia ruofei’s spiritual power quickly locked onto Tony’s aura. He walked over quickly and moved away the sofa that was pressing down on Tony.

Tony was covered in blood. His legs and knees were missing. There was a big hole in his chest and his face was covered in blood. If Xia ruofei had not detected his aura with his spiritual power, he would not have been able to recognize him with his eyes.

Xia ruofei could tell that Tony was dying.

Xia ruofei lifted Tony up and let him lean on his arm. His other hand quickly tapped on Tony’s body a few times to seal a few of his main acupuncture points to prevent the blood from flowing out.

Then, Xia ruofei pressed his hand on Tony’s chest and transferred a wisp of vital energy to him.

Tony’s chest heaved up and down slightly. The next moment, he tried hard to open his eyes.

Tony, who was barely breathing, had a strange look in his eyes when he saw Xia ruofei. He opened his mouth but could not make a sound. It was obvious that he had reached his last moment.

Xia ruofei increased the input of genuine Qi and said in a deep voice,””Tony, do you have any unfulfilled wishes? you can tell me. I’ll help you if the conditions allow it.”

In reality, if Xia ruofei had used the petals of the spirit Heart Flower, it was still possible to save Tony. However, he would not use the petal solution on someone he had just met.

The loss of some petal solution was not too big of a deal for Xia ruofei. However, he had no way of explaining himself after the incident. He could not bet that Tony would keep the secret for him. After all, they had only met in the morning and had only spent less than half an hour together. He did not know Tony well.

There were people dying every day in this world. Xia ruofei could not be the Savior and save every life on the verge of death.

However, it was fate that they met. Tony took the initiative to give him a ride, which could be considered a good relationship.

That was why Xia ruofei had used his Qi to hang on to Tony’s last breath so that he could say what he wanted.

Tony’s lips trembled slightly as he said in a weak voice,””My ... My ... Waist bag ... There’s a USB drive ... Help ... I ... Gave it to me ... My daughter ... Her name is Emma ... The address is ... In ... My wallet ... On ... The back of ... That photo!”

In fact, there was a video in Tony’s USB drive. It was the words he wanted to say to his daughter that he had recorded two days ago. As if he had sensed something, two days ago, when he was on the road, he suddenly wanted to leave a message for his daughter, so he directly set up the camera and recorded a part of it. He didn’t expect that it would really become the last words he left for his daughter.

In addition to the video, there was a document in the USB drive that saved his bank account number and password. All his savings were in this account, which was also the last wealth he left for his daughter.