Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

2398 The item in the bag (2)

Since there would be a combat mission tomorrow, he would not have to do this tonight under normal circumstances.

A relatively peaceful night was a good time for Xia ruofei to take action.

Xia ruofei took out the GPS and found the location of the town of lucadu on it. Then, he headed south to find the forest.

He didn’t have a military map in his hand, and the map shown on the GPS didn’t have contours, so he couldn’t see the terrain very clearly. However, the forest wasn’t very large, and it wouldn’t be particularly difficult to find a team of more than a hundred people stationed there.

Xia ruofei decided to investigate when he was near the forest.

So, he began to plan the route. It was about 30 kilometers from here to the town of lukadu, and there were two roads that could lead there. One of the roads had several villages occupied by anti – Government armed forces. The government had sent fighter jets to bomb the area, so the road conditions were expected to be very bad.

Hence, Xia ruofei did not hesitate and decided to take the other route, although it was a little longer.

In fact, it wasn’t a long detour. The journey was about 40 kilometers, and most of the area along the way was controlled by the government.

In comparison, the government force was more friendly to international reporters.

Of course, the anti – Government armed forces would not attack reporters for no reason. It was just that sometimes they did not welcome interviews from reporters and their attitudes were relatively rough.

Therefore, it was naturally better to have less contact with the anti – Government armed forces.

After planning the route, Xia ruofei kept his laptop in his interspace and started to dismantle the radio station.

After a while, he put away the antenna and dismantled the radio station into several big parts, then put them into a box and put it into the space.

After packing up, Xia ruofei got up and went downstairs. He quickly came to the first floor where the car was hidden.

He decided to wait for the sky to turn dark before taking action.

Even if the road conditions were bad, they would definitely be able to get there in two hours.

The second half of the night was the time when one was the most soundly asleep, and the sentries ‘reactions would also be relatively slower. That was the best time to act.

Hence, Xia ruofei was not in a hurry to set off. This place was well hidden and he decided to stay here until dark.

Xia ruofei did not enter the car to rest. Instead, he took out a camping mat from his storage space and cleared out an area beside the car. After placing the camping mat, he sat on it and leaned against the car tire to rest.

Of course, he also kept a wisp of his mental power on guard. If an Army approached the area, he could put the car into his Origin space at once and leave quickly.

It was necessary to be vigilant at all times in the Theater of Operations. It could be regarded as a training of spiritual energy.

Xia ruofei leaned against the car and closed his eyes to rest. He felt as if he was in a dream. Qianqian had been in the war zone for the past two days. The sounds of gunfire seemed to be right beside his ears. It made him feel as if he had returned to the days of the military.

Xia ruofei spent the whole day resting in the abandoned building. The sounds of gunfire from afar were intermittent. It seemed that the battle was in a stalemate. Fortunately, the battlefield was at least a few kilometers away from here, so it was still peaceful.

The bored Xia ruofei even began to judge the distance or guess which weapons were firing based on the sound of the gun. Generally speaking, the ones with messy equipment mostly came from anti – Government armed forces; Although the combat power of the government army was average, their standard equipment was relatively unified.

Finally, the sky gradually darkened, and the sounds of gunfire in the distance also became less frequent. It was estimated that the two sides, who had been fighting for a whole day, had begun to rest. Of course, at night, small – scale raids were inevitable. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Xia ruofei did not know if the modr mercenary group had participated in the battle during the day. They were too far away and could not hear him.

Of course, he hoped that the mercenary group would also participate in the battle. This way, they would be even more tired at night.

It was only when the abandoned building was pitch black that Xia ruofei stood up and kept his things. Then, he went over to clear the obstacles that he had set up during the day and started the engine.

Xia ruofei reversed the car out of the abandoned building, turned on the GPS, and began to follow the planned route in the direction of lucadu.

If it was in China, it would only take half an hour to get there.

However, the road conditions in vadira were very bad, especially in the battle zone. There were huge bullet holes from time to time, and it was easy for the car to fall into them at night due to poor vision.

Hence, Xia ruofei was more careful. He did not speed up and kept his mind focused on the road ahead.

After driving for about an hour and a half, Xia ruofei finally arrived near the town of lucadu at about nineo’ clock in the evening.

When they were about four to five kilometers away from the town of lukadu, Xia ruofei turned off the car lights and kept them off as he drove. He used his mental power to investigate and it did not really matter whether he turned on the lights or not.

From afar, he saw that there seemed to be lights coming from the town of lucadu, so he turned off the car lights without saying anything.

This area had already been plowed several times by the flames of war, so there would basically be no people there. There were lights in the town, which meant that there was an Army stationed there. If Xia ruofei drove with the lights on, the garrison in the town would notice him from far away and most likely send someone to investigate.

They had avoided several small troops along the way. Xia ruofei did not want to cause any trouble at this time.