Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

2399 The item in the bag (3)

When they got closer to the town of lukadu, Xia ruofei was even more certain that there were troops stationed in the town.

He judged that they were the anti – Government armed forces that would attack the Eastern Front with the mord mercenary group the next morning.

Xia ruofei did not continue to get closer. Instead, he chose to take a big detour and go around the northern side of lukadu town. Then, he went from the eastern side to the forest in the southern side of the town. The eastern side was controlled by the government forces. He did not know the situation behind the anti – Government forces ‘control area, so it was safer to go through the intersection between the two areas.

With the help of his wide – range spiritual power, Xia ruofei drove the Ford with its lights off without any danger. He made a big circle in the North of lucadu and finally reached the forest where the modr mercenary group was stationed.

Xia ruofei stopped the car two to three kilometers away from the forest.

After making sure that there were no hidden sentries or other people spying on him, he put the off – Road vehicle into his space, drank a bottle of spirit pool water to recover his mental power, and rested for a while.

Xia ruofei, who had long changed into a tight black suit, was now lightly dressed. Like a civet cat, he flashed towards the forest. His movements were very light and did not make any sound. Even the fallen leaves on the ground were not moved. In a short while, he had blended into the night.

At this moment, Xia ruofei did not hesitate to use his spiritual power. He spread it out to the greatest extent to check the situation in the forest.

A team of more than 100 people was basically the size of an ordinary company.

According to Manzilla’s information, the modr mercenary group also adopted a “three – three” structure similar to the Chinese army. The entire mercenary group was divided into three teams, with each team having more than 30 people. Each team was further divided into three groups, with each group having about ten people. In addition, there were also some signalmen, medics, odd – Job soldiers, and so on.

In terms of leadership, Boulder Douglas was the leader of the mercenary group, and a German named Kraten was his assistant. In addition, Douglas also had a trusted aide named Huges, who was also from the United States.

Huges ‘role in the mercenary group was roughly equivalent to that of a chief of staff. Of course, a small company like this would not usually have a chief of staff.

The above four people were the leaders of the modr mercenary group, and there were two or three staff officers. This basically made up the entire composition of the command.

After Xia ruofei entered the forest, he quickly climbed up a tree. He spread his mental power out and the terrain of the area quickly formed a three – dimensional image in his mind.

Xia ruofei, who was from the military, naturally knew what kind of terrain was most suitable for the troops to station.

He roughly estimated the path of the terrain, then leaped from the tree branch and pounced on another tree not far away like a big Bird.

Just like that, Xia ruofei advanced in one direction for about 50 meters.

His feet did not touch the ground during the whole process. He jumped directly to another tree if he was closer, and swung with the help of the branches if he was slightly further away. Even Tarzan, the man – ape in the movie, was not as dexterous as him. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Soon, Xia ruofei stopped moving forward and quietly lay on a thick branch. His eyes were very bright in the dark. Just now, his spiritual power had detected two hidden sentries in the direction he was moving.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but smile. It seemed like he was still doing his job well in the Army!

His judgment was completely correct. Since there was already a hidden Sentry, it meant that the camp of the modr mercenary group was not far away.

It was impossible for a company – sized small unit to send out sentries a few kilometers away.

Now that he had found the exact location of the troops, this mercenary group was in his bag ...