Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

2400 Snatching people away? that doesn’t exist!

Xia ruofei jumped down from the tree without a sound and advanced another 100 meters in the direction of the two hidden sentries. Now, he was only 20 to 30 meters away from the hidden sentries. Due to the angle and the darkness of the forest, Xia ruofei’s movements were very light and the two hidden sentries did not notice him at all.

Xia ruofei did not act rashly. Instead, he agilely climbed up a tree and hid among the dense leaves. He continued to spread out his spiritual power and probed ahead.

The main reason was that it was still the first half of the night, and it was not the best time to act.

On top of that, Xia ruofei also needed to observe the situation of the other sentries and even the entire campsite from this position. After moving closer to a hundred meters, he could sense the campsite of the modr mercenary group with his spiritual power.

Even if he had not cultivated, Xia ruofei was still an expert at hiding. Now that he could even hide his aura, it could be said that even if someone passed by the tree, it would be difficult to notice his existence.

He used his mental power to investigate the camp two to three hundred meters away. He investigated the distribution of troops, the arrangement of sentries, and so on. Soon, a three – dimensional figure was formed in his mind.

Xia ruofei was very patient. This was his last operation in Africa. Everything had gone smoothly at the start. As long as everything went well tonight, this trip to Africa would be complete.

He investigated the situation of the entire camp bit by bit, not letting go of any details, especially recording the route of the mobile sentries. This was the most important point to pay attention to during the operation.

After investigating the camp’s situation, Xia ruofei rested on the tree and focused on the two sentries with a wisp of spiritual power.

Under normal circumstances, from now until the second half of the night, the sentries would have to change shifts, and he had to record the time.

Time passed by. The forest was quiet, and the sound of a small gasoline generator in the camp could be vaguely heard in the distance.

Xia ruofei was very patient. In reality, he was much better than when he was doing undercover training or operations in the Army. He could release a little bit of his spiritual power and the mosquitoes in the jungle could not get close to him. In the past, he had to endure this and stay in place without moving.

At midnight, Xia ruofei’s spiritual power had some feedback. He sat up straight and noticed two soldiers coming from the camp with guns.

He estimated the time and judged that it was a shift change.

Sure enough, the two of them went straight to the hidden sentries ‘hiding spot. After a simple handover, the original two hidden sentries got up and left, and the two soldiers behind them took over their work.

Xia ruofei had stayed there for almost three hours. He estimated that there would be a shift of four hours. Of course, the frequency might change in the second half of the night, so he decided to wait until around twoo’ clock, and start acting regardless of whether the other side had changed shifts.

Xia ruofei hid silently for another half an hour. Suddenly, his spiritual power detected something unusual!

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but sit up, frowning.

He detected that there was an Army of about 70 to 80 people silently approaching from the periphery of the forest. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Fuck!

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but curse in his heart.

This was the rhythm of a night attack!

He originally thought that since the modr mercenary group had a combat mission the next morning, they would not be busy with other operations tonight.

However, they did not expect that before the modr mercenary group made any arrangements, the other party’s troops had set their eyes on this 100 – man mercenary group and brought people to launch a night attack.

This can’t do!

In the middle of the night, the other party had almost reached their doorstep, and the modr mercenary group had not even noticed. This was too useless! If the other party suddenly launched a fierce attack, the damage to the modr mercenary group would definitely not be small.

Xia ruofei already saw the modr mercenary group as his own. Even if one of them died, it would be his loss!

And if the battle really started, no matter what the result was, the modr mercenary group would most likely move to another camp. Wouldn’t that mean that Xia ruofei’s efforts tonight would be in vain?

Most of them were from the government.

However, Xia ruofei did not have any obvious bias towards the government or the anti – Government armed forces. The fight between the two parties was an internal matter of the wadira nation. But now that the government forces wanted to fight with him for meat, he couldn’t do that!

Xia ruofei’s mind was spinning and he made a decision in an instant.

He had to give the modr mercenary Group A warning!

With a thought, he took out two small stones from space and threw them at the two hidden sentries dozens of meters away.

Thump! Thump!

The small stone hit the Sentinel’s helmet and made a dull sound. The sound was very clear in the quiet forest.

The two hidden sentries were immediately alarmed. They suddenly stood up and loudly asked about the situation.

On the other hand, Xia ruofei had already taken out a sniper rifle with a silencer from his storage space. He had emptied the warehouse of the training camp in Basoko town and captured almost all the assassins from the dark shadow Squad. Therefore, there were so many weapons in his storage space that he could even hold a weapon exhibition.

Xia ruofei quickly pressed a sniper bullet into the chamber, aimed, and fired. His movements were smooth and smooth. Although he had not touched a gun for a long time, the muscle memory in his bones had not disappeared. His movements were still so standard.