Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

2401 Snatching people away? that doesn’t exist!

Coupled with the guidance of his spiritual power, the shot hit the target accurately.

The troops that were preparing to launch a sneak attack on the camp of the modr mercenary group had quickly scattered and hidden themselves when the hidden Sentry made the sound. Xia ruofei’s shot accurately hit the thigh of the soldier at the front.

The large – caliber sniper bullet instantly left a penetrating wound on the soldier’s leg. The soldier couldn’t help but let out a painful scream, Breaking the silence of the night.

The secret Sentry of the modr mercenary group was already like a frightened bird. Now that he heard the scream from the other side of the forest, he pulled the bolt of his gun and fired in that direction. The camp was right behind them, and the sound came from the opposite direction. It was definitely not a friend visiting at night, so the Sentry was very decisive and opened fire.

After the gunshot, there was a sudden commotion in the camp. A huge Searchlight suddenly swept in this direction, and the camp’s patrol team also rushed over.

The commander of the government forces who came to attack was so angry that he punched the ground.

Everything had been so smooth before, and they were about to reach the camp, but such a big change happened. First, the enemy’s Sentry suddenly shouted for no reason. Then, someone on their side was shot, completely exposing their position.

Under the illumination of the searchlights, it was impossible for the team to hide. Soon, the machine guns on the two high points of the camp spewed out fire, and the sound of gunfire completely broke the quiet night.

After Xia ruofei fired the shot, he quickly kept the sniper rifle into the medium. Then, he grabbed a branch like an agile ape and flung it, his figure disappearing into the darkness.

Although the sniper rifle was equipped with a silencer that almost completely suppressed the fire at the muzzle, experienced soldiers could still deduce the direction of the shot from the position and wound of the wounded.

Under normal circumstances, snipers would change their positions flexibly to prevent their shooting position from being targeted by the other party.

The sound of gunfire rang out. After the commander of the government army lost two soldiers, he no longer hesitated and immediately ordered a retreat. After being discovered by the enemy, the sneak attack would no longer be effective. Now that the enemy had the advantage in numbers and firepower, and also occupied a solid camp, it could be said that the time, place, and people were on the enemy’s side. There was no point in continuing to attack.

The modr mercenary group chased in the direction of the retreat of the government forces for a distance, and then returned to the camp, cursing.

Xia ruofei, who had changed his hiding position, continued to use his spiritual power to check the situation at the campsite. At the same time, he criticized in his heart,”I’m here to catch you, not to be your nanny! The enemy was right at their doorstep, but there was no reaction at all. This was too useless!

However, Xia ruofei thought about it again. Whether the mercenaries were tactically trained or not, it had nothing to do with him. It did not matter if they were smart or not. Planting flowers and planting crops in the realm was not a problem. As long as they had strength, it would be fine.

Hence, Xia ruofei was relieved and used his spiritual power to check the situation in the opposite camp.

Soon, Xia ruofei found the Furious Douglas, who was almost the same as the photo he saw on Manzila’s computer.

Douglas was wearing an army green tactical vest and holding an automatic rifle in his hand. His muscles were bulging, and his tactical vest was tightly held up. His face was also full of fierce muscles, making him look very strong and fierce.

Douglas waved his arms and gave a lecture before he went into the tent.

Under the organization of their respective captains and team leaders, the mercenaries left some people behind to patrol and keep watch, while the others also dispersed and returned to their tents.

Xia ruofei noticed that there were more people on patrol and two more fixed sentries.

He couldn’t help but smile bitterly. However, this was something that couldn’t be helped. When the troops were attacked by the enemy, they would definitely be more vigilant. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

If it wasn’t for the combat mission tomorrow morning, the entire mercenary group would probably not be able to sleep tonight.

Xia ruofei continued to wait on the tree. It was already one in the morning.

He knew that the soldiers would not fall asleep immediately after the stimulation of what had just happened. This was the time when they were the most excited and tense.

Anyway, he was prepared to act around twoo’ clock. Now, he continued to wait and see, waiting for the camp to calm down.

As time passed, Xia ruofei sat on the tree without moving. Every now and then, he would use his spiritual power to check the situation in the camp.

At around twoo’ clock, two more soldiers came to change shifts.

It seemed like they had two hours of shifts for the second half of the night. Xia ruofei said in his heart.

Xia ruofei continued to wait for about half an hour after the hidden sentries finished their handover.

2:30 am.

Xia ruofei finally moved.

He silently jumped down from the tree and rolled on the ground. While he absorbed the impact, he also advanced a few meters toward the bushes behind the two hidden sentries.

Xia ruofei made a small circle from the side and quietly approached the hidden sentries.

This hidden Sentry was a big black man. His bulging black muscles even seemed to shine under the moonlight. Not far in front of him was the position of another hidden Sentry.

The black man was chewing gum while maintaining a vigilant posture. He had no idea that someone had sneaked up behind them.

Xia ruofei sneaked up behind the hidden Sentry and hit his carotid artery with a hand knife.

The black man didn’t even make a sound before he fainted.

Xia ruofei didn’t even try to help the black man up. Before he fell to the ground, he had already been kept in the medium.

After entering the space, the black man’s weapons were stripped away by an invisible force and flew to the place where Xia ruofei stored his weapons.

The black man was locked up in the space cage.

Considering that the dark shadow Squad and the modr mercenary group did not have much interaction, Xia ruofei guessed that the assassins from the dark shadow Squad and the mercenaries did not know each other. Hence, to avoid any accidental injuries, Xia ruofei simply created another space cage to lock up the captives.

When the black man was locked in the space cage, Xia ruofei had already quietly arrived behind the other hidden Sentry.

He did the same thing, using very simple tactical movements to silently take down the hidden Sentry and put him into the spatial cage.

Xia ruofei mumbled to himself,””They’re starting to harvest free labor!”

In the dark forest, he quickly made his way towards the mercenary group’s camp.

In the first half of the night, Xia ruofei had already used his spiritual power to investigate clearly. In this direction, other than two hidden sentries, there were two more sentries near the simple fence of the camp.

In addition, two high points were set up in the camp, both equipped with searchlights and high – speed machine guns.

In addition, there were two Mobile Sentry teams patrolling the camp. They were basically all the security forces of the modr mercenary group.

Of course, there should be hidden sentries in other directions as well. However, Xia ruofei could ignore them for the time being.

He had a good grasp of the situation, so he directly found a position and nimbly climbed over the fence without alerting anyone.

Then, Xia ruofei began to move forward carefully along the fence. After avoiding the patrol post, he slipped out of the shadows and arrived at the bottom of the high platform in a few steps.

Xia ruofei quickly scanned the surroundings with his spiritual power and then climbed up the simple ladder ...