Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

2406 The destruction of the Chinese mugwort (2)

At that moment, Douglas realized that his arm was broken.

However, this ruthless man did not subconsciously cover the fracture. Instead, he took advantage of the slight distance between them and aimed the gun at Xia ruofei with his right hand.

However, Xia ruofei’s speed was beyond his imagination. He only felt a blur in front of his eyes and suddenly lost his target. Then, the feeling of extreme danger immediately surged in his heart.

Douglas had already felt the wind behind his head. He quickly crouched, trying to Dodge the thunderous attack with his instinctive reaction. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

However, Xia ruofei had calculated his reaction this time. The original position of the attack was slightly lower. When Douglas squatted down, it was as if he had sent his face to his fist.

With a bang, Xia ruofei’s fist and Douglas ‘chin came into close contact.

Anyone who knew boxing would know that when a person’s chin was hit by a heavy punch, there was a high probability of fainting. Even a strong professional boxer could not avoid it, not to mention that Douglas had not undergone professional resistance training.

Douglas immediately felt a shock in his head, and then he blacked out. Although he was extremely unwilling, he still fell to the ground involuntarily.

Xia ruofei immediately pulled Douglas into the space cage and locked him up.

From the moment Xia ruofei suddenly left the medium to the moment he fought with Douglas, to the moment Douglas fainted and Xia ruofei put him back into the medium, the entire process only took three to four seconds.

Douglas did not understand what was going on until the moment he passed out. He was especially puzzled as to why Xia ruofei had suddenly disappeared from his sight and then appeared behind him.

The staff officer on duty and the orderly who came with Douglas, on the other hand, had a clearer view of the process.

The two men had been following Douglas, about two or three meters behind him. They were also holding guns, mainly to guard Douglas ‘two flanks.

When Xia ruofei suddenly appeared just now, Douglas was not at all surprised. The reason why he was able to Dodge the first attack and successfully block Xia ruofei’s attack with his forearm was mainly because of his sense of danger. The staff officer on duty and the odd – Job soldier were at the back, so they had seen the entire process.

Therefore, the two of them were even more shocked than Douglas.

They had seen Xia ruofei appear out of thin air behind Douglas. It was like a teleportation array in a magic movie, full of mystery.

The two of them were so surprised that their mouths were wide open. The staff officer on duty even rubbed his eyes subconsciously.

The fight between Xia ruofei and Douglas was very short. Douglas was killed in just two moves. The whole process only took three to four seconds. The odd – Job soldiers and the staff officer on duty only came to their senses when Xia ruofei ended the fight.

However, what happened next stunned them again. Douglas, their boss, didn’t do anything after he fainted, and then Douglas disappeared into thin air.

Both of their eyes were wide open, and their mouths were wide open. It was definitely not a problem to stuff a duck egg into their mouths.

At this moment, they couldn’t help but think of the quiet military camp and the missing comrades.

Could it be that they had disappeared into thin air like boss?

But where could they go?

Their doubts were soon answered. After Xia ruofei had dealt with Douglas, he turned around without any hesitation and ran towards the two of them.

In such a confrontation, even a second of hesitation could lead to a completely different result, not to mention that the two of them had been stunned for a full four to five seconds.

If they were as decisive as Douglas and attacked Xia ruofei with their guns when he was attacking Douglas, Xia ruofei might not have been able to escape unscathed.

After all, the distance was too close. Facing a close – range shot from a gun, his reaction speed would definitely not be able to keep up.

Hence, Xia ruofei was actually gambling.

Of course, he wasn’t completely without confidence. In fact, before he left the medium, he already had a rough plan and had deduced it in his mind.

When Xia ruofei was fighting with Douglas, he always took the most advantageous position. In other words, if the staff officer or the soldier on duty reacted faster than he expected, he could hide behind Douglas and use Douglas as a human shield.

However, the plan did not work. After taking care of Douglas, Xia ruofei’s spiritual power immediately detected the sluggish state of the staff officer and the orderly on duty.

That was why he didn’t stop and directly attacked the two.

On one side, he was extremely fast and had an imposing aura. On the other hand, they had missed the best time to shoot, and they were afraid of the mysterious means of the other party.

The final result was obvious.

Xia ruofei had already reached the top of his speed before the two men raised their guns. In the blink of an eye, he was in front of them.

At such a close distance, firearms were already useless.

In terms of skills, even before Xia ruofei started cultivating, he was confident that he could defeat them in the shortest time possible.

The result was as expected. Xia ruofei unreasonably used his speed and strength to launch a fierce attack on the two. The two barely managed to block and Dodge once or twice before they were knocked down by Xia ruofei.

The most dangerous moment had finally passed.

However, Xia ruofei did not let out a sigh of relief. The string in his heart was still tight. There were still five or six hidden sentries outside Xuanji! With such a huge commotion just now, they must have already returned to the camp.

Hence, after Xia ruofei had knocked out the staff officer and odd – Job soldier, he immediately captured them and threw them into the spatial cage. Then, he ran towards a tent at the side.

Although the tent couldn’t block bullets, it could block his vision.

He hid behind the tent, and the hidden sentries in the other three directions could not discover his existence at the first moment.

At this moment, Xia ruofei activated his spiritual power to the extreme. The majestic spiritual power spread out in three directions.

The results of his investigation made him slightly surprised. There were a total of six hidden sentries in three directions, all of whom were lurking about 100 meters away from the camp, observing the enemy’s situation in their respective directions at any time. Earlier on, there was a loud gunshot at the campsite and a tent had been torn into pieces. Logically speaking, the first reaction of these six hidden sentries should be to rush back with their guns. However, Xia ruofei used his spiritual power to investigate and discovered that four hidden sentries from two directions had actually chosen to run away from the campsite. They were running away in fear!

Only the two sentries in Xia ruofei’s 12 o’ clock direction were walking towards the campsite with nervous expressions.

Xia ruofei’s eyes narrowed.

He was not afraid that they would surround him. After all, there were only six people left. Xia ruofei was not afraid at all.

But now, there were four hidden sentries running for their lives, and they were all running in four different directions. This gave him a bit of a headache.

If all six of them had fled, he could still chase after them without fear, but now there were two of them approaching the camp with guns.

Xia ruofei definitely did not want the situation here to be leaked out. Even if someone managed to escape, the possibility of his true identity being traced back to the source was very small. However, the strange situation in the camp would spread. If any cultivators were to know about it, they would easily guess that he had a storage space, a storage space that could contain life.

Although Xia ruofei didn’t know what level of treasure a space like the spirit map world was in the cultivation world, he felt that it was definitely not ordinary. If there were still high – Level cultivators on earth, he might be tempted.

If cultivators wanted to investigate his arrangements, they would find some loopholes.

Hence, Xia ruofei could not allow anyone who had witnessed this scene to escape.

He could either put everyone into the spirit map space, or if the conditions did not allow it, then ...

Thinking of this, Xia ruofei did not hesitate anymore. With a thought, the blue flying sword that he had been nurturing in his dantian appeared silently. It hovered in front of him, the tip of the sword trembling slightly ...