Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

2407 Triumphant (1)

A distance of more than a hundred meters was within the range of Xia ruofei’s spiritual power. If he were to use a flying sword to attack a cultivator from such a distance, he might not be confident. However, it was not a problem for him to attack a few ordinary people.

With a thought, Xia ruofei controlled the flying sword with his spiritual energy and it flew out, streaking across the night sky.

At the same time, Xia ruofei took out a sniper rifle from his storage space and aimed it at the two soldiers who were running in the other direction. He aimed, fired, aimed, and fired again ...

The action was done in one go.

The two soldiers who were running for their lives in the forest suddenly stopped. The inertia and the force of the sniper bullets caused their bodies to fall forward and face – down on the ground.

In fact, they were already dead before they fell to the ground. Xia ruofei had shot them in the back of their heads.

In another direction, the flying sword’s speed exploded to the extreme under the control of mental power, bringing with it a faint sound of breaking through the air.

The two soldiers had run in different directions.

The blue traveling immortal sword cut through the night sky and caught up with one of the soldiers in a flash. A cold light flashed through the forest and circled around the soldier’s neck. Then, without stopping, it drew a large arc and chased after the soldier in the other direction. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

The soldier just now only felt his eyes flash, and then he felt a cold sensation on his neck. Then, his consciousness sank into eternal darkness ...

The other soldier also couldn’t run far away. The two hidden sentries were very close to each other. Although they ran in different directions when they escaped, the distance between them wasn’t far because they didn’t last long.

In just two or three seconds, the flying sword caught up with the soldier.

Xia ruofei had just finished off two soldiers in the other direction with his sniper rifle. He threw the sniper rifle into the medium and without any emotion in his eyes, he used his spiritual energy to control the flying sword to accelerate and pierce through the Soldier’s Heart.

The soldier watched helplessly as a sword ray pierced through his chest and quickly disappeared into the night.

It all happened so quickly that he could not believe his eyes.

It was also because the flying sword was extremely sharp that the wound did not immediately explode after piercing through the heart. The soldier covered his chest and still had time to feel this fear.

The heart was different from the other organs. It was constantly contracting and relaxing, sending blood to the brain like a water pump, forming a circulation throughout the body, so the pressure in the heart was actually very high.

It was naturally in vain to hold his chest. After a short one or two seconds, the wound in his heart began to bleed, and the amount of blood loss increased. Finally, the wound burst open.

The soldier felt as if all the strength in his body had been sucked out, and the loss of a large amount of blood made him feel cold. Finally, he fell to the ground, and his blood gradually seeped into the soil beneath him ...

By the time the second soldier died, the blue travel immortal sword had already returned to Xia ruofei. It hovered in front of him, the tip of the sword trembling slightly as if it had a life of its own.

Although the sword had taken two lives, there was not a trace of blood on the blue travel immortal sword. It was still as spotless as before, with a trace of cold light.

Xia ruofei kept the flying sword in his dantian and quickly spread out his spiritual power to make sure that no fish escaped the net.

Fortunately, other than the last two soldiers who were cautiously approaching the camp with their guns raised, there was no other living person in the vicinity.

Xia ruofei’s psychic energy scanned the four bodies and he couldn’t help but sigh. He wasn’t feeling sorry for the four lives. These mercenaries had taken lives and they were believers of money. They only killed for money.

Those who kill will always be killed. This had been the case since ancient times.

Even if there was someone who had not been stained with blood, the only mistake he had made was choosing the modr organization. This organization was destined to be destroyed.

If one was weak, even if they killed the wrong person, they deserved it.

Xia ruofei only felt that it was a pity that he had lost four free laborers. If they did not run away, Xia ruofei would not want to take their lives.

Now that the spirit map space’s primal realm was becoming more and more vast, large areas of land were abandoned. As for labor, the more the better.

Hence, Xia ruofei did not plan to kill the last two soldiers.

Xia ruofei’s psychic energy had already locked onto the two soldiers, but they were obviously not in the right state. They were only alarmed by the sudden concentrated gunfire in the camp and returned to the camp to check.

However, the closer they got to the camp, the more they felt that something was wrong.

It was too quiet.

The two of them were even more careful because of this. They got closer, holding their guns and looking vigilant as they approached the camp step by step.

Xia ruofei didn’t wait there. Instead, he took the initiative to meet her.

He went around to the side of the two, and when they were close to the camp gate, he suddenly jumped out of the grass and attacked the two with a whip kick.

There was no suspense in the result. Three seconds later, the last two soldiers were knocked unconscious on the ground.

Xia ruofei decisively kept them into the spatial cage. Then, without any delay, he flashed towards the place where the few soldiers had died.