Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

2408 Triumphant (2)

Xia ruofei collected the four dead bodies as fast as he could and returned to the quiet modr mercenary camp.

He threw the bodies of the soldiers in the open space in the middle of the camp, then quickly searched the entire camp. Anything that could be taken away was put into the spirit map space.

Of course, Xia ruofei did not touch the cars of the modr mercenary group.

The car was not useful in the spirit map space. Besides, such a heavy thing would consume a lot of mental energy. Xia ruofei naturally would not do something so strenuous and unrewarding. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

The modr mercenary group did not carry a lot of guns and ammunition. Xia ruofei estimated that they could only support one or two battles. The anti – Government armed forces that hired them would probably be responsible for supplying them. Otherwise, it would be inconvenient for such a small army to carry a lot of ammunition when they went deep into the wadira Kingdom.

Xia ruofei kept all the ammunition and opened the valve of a small tank truck in the camp to let the gas out.

He used a barrel to collect some gasoline and poured it on the four dead soldiers. Then, he scattered some gasoline all over the camp.

In the end, Xia ruofei left all the TNT explosives in the campsite and quickly placed them all over the campsite. He even specially placed more around the bodies of the soldiers.

The situation in this area had always been tense, and the government forces came to attack at around 12 o’ clock in the evening, indicating that the two camps were not far from each other.

Douglas had just used up all the bullets in the machine gun. In such a quiet night, the sound of gunfire would travel very far.

In addition, Xia ruofei had to deal with the last few hidden sentries for a while, so he had a sense of urgency in his heart. This was because there could be troops coming to check on the situation at any time. It could be from the anti – Government armed forces or the government.

No matter which side came, Xia ruofei did not want to meet them.

Therefore, he made arrangements to destroy the traces as quickly as possible, and then confirmed it with his spiritual power for the last time, and then quickly retreated.

When Xia ruofei dashed out of the camp, he started the lighter in his hand and casually threw it behind him.

The wind – proof lighter spun in the air and finally landed accurately on the position of the four bodies.

Then, Xia ruofei’s speed increased by a huge margin and he sped away from the campsite.

After the lighter fell to the ground, it immediately ignited the gasoline on the ground. The flame rose and spread quickly. As long as there was gasoline, it would be burned.

A few seconds later, the explosives that Xia ruofei had set up were set off.

One after another, explosions rang out. Xia ruofei could even feel the shockwaves from the explosions behind him.

He exerted strength on his feet and burst out with his fastest speed without holding back, quickly rushing out of the forest.

At the edge of the forest, Xia ruofei changed back into his war reporter outfit and threw the black tights back into the medium.

This way, even if he encountered the military, he could have a reasonable explanation.

As a war correspondent, he happened to be active nearby. Hearing the huge explosion in the woods, he immediately rushed over to check the situation. This was a good reason.

Of course, this was also Xia ruofei’s plan. It would be best if there were no more problems.

In fact, the nearby troops responded very quickly, but they were afraid of fighting the enemy in the middle of the night, so they were more cautious and only sent Scouts to check out the situation.

This also gave Xia ruofei a chance to leave this area.

As he ran, he used his spiritual power to maintain vigilance. When he sensed someone, he would quickly change direction or hide.

After running for more than 20 minutes, Xia ruofei was about five kilometers away from the camp. Of course, the actual distance he ran was far more than that.

Xia ruofei used his mental strength to check and made sure that there was no one around. He then took out the Ford SUV that Tony had left behind and drove away from the area. He headed Southeast, towards arulei’s border.

The journey was another few hundred kilometers long.

Xia ruofei drove until the sun rose. He checked the navigation system and realized that they were only halfway there.

However, in theory, the further east they went, the more stable the situation would be.

These areas were still controlled by the government. The anti – Government armed forces could only send their men of sacrifice to create some chaos, such as the coffee shop explosion two days ago. They really didn’t have the ability to start a large – scale battle in this area.

Hence, Xia ruofei did not need to use the cover of the night to drive. He decided not to rest and continued to drive towards the border area.

Along the way, they encountered a few checkpoints. Xia ruofei used Tony’s identification and passed through them easily.

Just like that, they headed east. At five or six in the afternoon the next day, Xia ruofei finally arrived at the border area with arulei.

They had been driving for more than ten hours. Other than stopping to eat, they had not rested at all.

He drove the car to a remote roadside, put down the driver’s seat, and half – lay in the car to rest for a while. When the sky was completely dark, he got out of the car and put the car into the space.

Then, under the cover of the night, he once again snuck across the border and came to arulei’s side.

As they grew familiar with each other, Xia ruofei gained more and more experience in crossing the country’s borders.

After returning to arulei, Xia ruofei also ran for a while before taking out the second – hand pickup truck from the medium. After changing to another car, Xia ruofei continued to drive towards the capital, arulei.

After more than two hours of travel, Xia ruofei finally returned to arulei.

He found a hidden place outside the city and put the pickup truck into his space. He didn’t want to leave the pickup truck or Tony’s Ford here. He was going to find a chance to sink both cars to the bottom of the sea after returning to China and completely destroy any possible clues.

Xia ruofei no longer had Tony’s appearance. He quickly returned to Xia Tian’s appearance on his passport.

Xia ruofei carried a huge backpack and walked for a while in the suburbs before he finally flagged down a taxi. He took a taxi to the hotel he had booked when he first arrived in arulei.

After arriving at the hotel, Xia ruofei first booked a flight from arulei to Ethiopia on the internet. Then, he bought a flight from Ethiopia to shencheng, China. Then, he simply packed his things and went downstairs to check out with his small suitcase.

In fact, besides the first day that Xia ruofei had checked in, he had not returned to the hotel for the past few days. The hotel staff knew about this.

However, as long as Xia ruofei paid for the room, they would not care if he stayed or not! There were indeed many people who had booked rooms but did not stay. Some of them were backpackers like Xia ruofei while others were involved in gray or black transactions. They often booked rooms and did not stay.

After checking out, Xia ruofei saw that there were still three hours before his flight took off. Hence, he decided to shop around arulei. When it was almost time, he took a taxi to the airport.

From arulei to Ethiopia although it was said to be crossing the country’s border, the actual distance was not far. Hence, Xia ruofei once again sat on a plane that made squeaking sounds everywhere.

When the plane jumped up lightly, Xia ruofei could not help but think of the “spirited Chinese”, the black guy with a curly beard, Dhaka.

Nadaka was ordered by Manzilla to go to Basoko town to check out the situation. This mission was destined to be impossible to complete. He would not be able to find out anything even if he reached the town of Basoko, let alone contact the Viper Boak. Even after returning to arulei city, he would find out that the high priest was missing in Dhaka.

Xia ruofei thought to himself,”I wonder how this passionate black guy is doing. I don’t think I’ll have much to do with him in the future.” Also, I probably won’t come back to arulei anymore ...