Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

2425 Sense of urgency (1)

Xia ruofei immediately put Liu chengfeng into the spirit map space and set up a space cage to imprison him.

Actually, with Liu chengfeng’s spiritual power cultivation, if he had resisted, Xia ruofei would not have been able to put him into the medium so easily.

However, Liu chengfeng had been scared out of his wits in front of a “nascent soul old monster”, and he could not even muster up any will to resist.

That was why Xia ruofei had gently brought Liu chengfeng into the medium.

When Liu chengfeng came back to his senses, he found that he had been imprisoned.

As Liu chengfeng was a cultivator, Xia ruofei was not sure how well he had mastered the rules of space. Hence, this space cage was much more secure than the ones used to imprison ordinary mercenaries.

Furthermore, Xia ruofei had specially extracted all the spiritual Qi in the space cage. He did not want Liu chengfeng to use his spiritual Qi to cultivate in the space.

After Liu chengfeng realized his situation, he was even more disheartened. He was so remorseful that he wanted to bang his head against a wall.

It was a pity that there were no walls here. There were invisible but extremely tough spatial membranes all around.

Liu chengfeng’s knowledge was naturally different from those ordinary people. Even a half – baked cultivator like Manzila was an absolute rookie in front of Liu chengfeng.

Although Liu chengfeng’s cultivation wasn’t very high, he was a true disciple of the sect and had cultivated for decades. So he quickly realized that he had been imprisoned by the senior.

This at least explained two things:

First, that senior’s cultivation was much, much higher than his. He could easily drag him into the confined space and torture him. Of course, this was actually Liu chengfeng’s illusion. The actual reason was that his mind was in a mess, and he did not have the heart to resist.

Second, this senior actually had a magical treasure that was similar to a heavenly abode.

Especially the second point, which completely shocked Liu chengfeng. He even forgot to worry about his situation for a short time.

Grotto – heaven type magic treasures were treasures that rarely appeared even in legends.

Even in the prosperous era of cultivation, such a magic treasure was priceless. Even nascent soul cultivators rarely had one.

Although Liu chengfeng was still trapped in a small space cage and didn’t know how big the space Inside the Magic treasure was, it was enough to cause a shock in the cultivation world.

Taking ten thousand steps back, even if it wasn’t a magical treasure that could imprison a living body, even if it was a storage ring with such a large space, it would be enough to cause a large number of experts in the cultivation world to fight for it.

If Liu chengfeng knew that the space that the spatial cage occupied was only one – thousandth or even one – hundred – thousandth of the entire spirit map world, his jaw would probably drop.

However, it was impossible for him to know so much for the time being, because Xia ruofei had no intention of dealing with the spirit map space now. Even the one or two hundred people he had captured in Africa were all locked up in the space cage and were barely surviving on the basic living resources provided by Xia Qing!

Xia ruofei did not let the spirit map space absorb the huge realm stone either.

He was prepared to return to the capital and deal with these matters when he was absolutely safe.

This was especially so when it came to absorbing world stones. After all, the spirit map space might be upgraded again after absorbing the world stones. With the expansion of the spirit map space, the time required for each upgrade would also become longer and longer. During the process of the upgrade, the stability of the space would be worse than usual, and there might even be a situation where the space could not be used temporarily.

Hence, when Xia ruofei was outside, he had to try his best to avoid such a situation.

For example, this time, he had come to the Shabei province. He had not expected to meet a cultivator who wanted to snatch the origin crystals from him.

If the spirit map space couldn’t be used now, he wouldn’t have been able to put Liu chengfeng into the space.

Xia ruofei only had one choice, and that was to kill Liu chengfeng.

Although Xia ruofei had changed his appearance this time, cultivators could usually recognize each other by their aura. Liu chengfeng had a sect background and there were golden core cultivators in his sect. He was not a match for him at the moment.

No matter what, Xia ruofei would not let Liu chengfeng go. It would be a safety hazard.

This was under the condition that Liu chengfeng was not strong enough. If Xia ruofei had encountered a cultivator who was stronger and more experienced than him, Xia ruofei would have had to run away. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

The spirit map space was also a hidden weapon when he was escaping.

Without this weapon, Xia ruofei’s safety was not guaranteed.

Hence, Xia ruofei would not rashly choose to upgrade the spirit map space when he was out.

After he put Liu chengfeng into the medium, he didn’t leave the pagoda Park immediately. Instead, he moved to a deeper part of the forest where there were fewer people. He set up a new alarm array, sat down cross – legged, and continued to cultivate.

This time, Xia ruofei was even more alert. He had set up an alarm array 30 meters away so that he would be able to detect any cultivators earlier if they appeared.

Of course, Xia ruofei had interrogated Liu chengfeng through the deep hypnosis and knew that Liu chengfeng was acting alone this time. There were no senior or junior brothers around.