Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

2431 The space is upgraded again (2)

Xia ruofei did not explain much. He immediately reinforced the space cage outside the mobile house a few times and shielded it. The membrane wall of the cage turned from transparent to milky white, completely blocking the vision from the inside to the outside.

Then, Xia ruofei moved the space cage that imprisoned Liu chengfeng to the side of the mobile house and strengthened it to a certain extent.

Xia ruofei did this to prepare for the spirit map space to absorb the world stone.

The world stone this time was the size of a basin. After the spirit map scroll had completely absorbed it, it was possible for it to evolve and upgrade again.

In order to prevent any chaos during the upgrade, Xia ruofei had called everyone back to the mobile house in advance and had specially strengthened the space cage.

Then, Xia ruofei called Xia Qing and the realm Fox Bai Qingqing out and told them that the spirit map space would absorb the realm stones again, which might cause the space to upgrade. He asked them to keep quiet and pay close attention during the whole process.

In particular, he warned Bai Qingqing not to cause any trouble during the process, or he would not be polite to her.

Xia ruofei then ordered Xia Qing to keep an eye on Bai Qingqing.

In this spirit map space, Xia Qing had the highest authority other than Xia ruofei. She could also mobilize the invisible force of space. If Bai Qingqing really caused trouble, Xia Qing would still be able to subdue it.

Bai Qingqing protested with dissatisfaction.

It was mainly because Xia ruofei did not share any of the harvest with it.

Of course, this was also because Bai Qingqing had not been of any use in the process of obtaining the world stone. Another thing was that the realm stone he obtained this time was huge. If he were to cut it into smaller pieces like before, he would not mind giving Bai Qingqing a few pieces as long as he could ensure that the space could be upgraded.

Bai Qingqing’s protest was naturally in vain.

After giving his orders, Xia ruofei left the medium in a flash.

After returning to his bedroom in the courtyard house, Xia ruofei used his mind to establish a connection with the spirit map. At the same time, he removed the protective screen around the huge world stone that had been stored at the Archean realm and gave the spirit map space an order to absorb the world stone.

Xia ruofei could feel that the entire spirit map space seemed to have a consciousness of its own. It was cheering and jubilant. Then, a suction force appeared and the huge world stone suddenly floated in the air.

The mysterious spatial energy within the world stone was also rapidly absorbed by the spirit map picture scroll.

Xia ruofei had been watching the whole process nervously. He was also praying in his heart, hoping that the spirit map space could be upgraded successfully this time.

The acquisition of a world stone was often a serendipitous event. If the space still could not level up after absorbing all the world stones, then it was unknown when he would be able to obtain another world stone.

The spirit map space had evolved to this extent. If it only relied on absorbing Jade to replenish its energy, the demand would be huge. Even if Xia ruofei had plenty of money, the Jade on earth was limited. It was not guaranteed that money could buy enough Jade.

Moreover, such a large – scale purchase of raw jade materials without engaging in any Jade business would definitely attract the attention of people with ulterior motives.

Hence, after a few upgrades, Xia ruofei had given up on the idea of using Jade to “feed” the spirit map space.

The world stone was huge, and after the spirit map space absorbed it for a long time, its color only faded slightly. At the same time, one or two tiny cracks appeared on its surface.

Xia ruofei had experienced this process many times so he was very clear that the mysterious energy contained in the realm stone was far from being fully absorbed.

He couldn’t help but be filled with anticipation. The more “firm” the performance of this world stone was, the higher the possibility of the spirit map space directly upgrading after absorbing it.

The absorption process was long, but Xia ruofei was not impatient at all. In fact, he even hoped that the longer the process was, the better.

More than two hours had passed. The color of the basin – sized world stone was getting fainter and fainter. More and more cracks had appeared on it, almost covering the entire surface of the world stone.

Xia ruofei knew that the energy contained in the world stone was almost used up.

However, the spirit map space still showed no signs of upgrading. Xia ruofei couldn’t help but feel anxious.

At this moment, the world stone’s exterior had already turned grayish – White, and it would occasionally emit light cracking sounds. Small stone fragments would constantly fall off from the surface, indicating that its energy was about to be exhausted.

Xia ruofei sat on the bed in his bedroom with an anxious look on his face. His mind was still connected to the space, and he was constantly sensing the situation in the space.

The feeling of disappointment gradually grew.

Seeing that the realm stone was starting to fall apart, Xia ruofei sighed to himself. It seemed like his wish to upgrade the realm was going to be in vain.

However, just as the entire world stone broke into small pieces and fell down, the spirit map space absorbed the last wisp of energy from the world stone. Then, the entire space trembled slightly. Even Xia ruofei’s mind was shaken.

Xia ruofei’s mood was like a roller coaster. All his disappointment was swept away, and his face showed joy. He was too familiar with this feeling. Every time the spirit map space was upgraded, he would experience a similar shock. This time, the shaking seemed to be more intense.

Xia ruofei immediately felt the entire spirit map space trembling slightly. His spiritual connection with the spirit map space was also affected. Although it was not completely cut off, it was still faintly discernible. He could not sense the situation inside the space clearly.

Xia ruofei kept his thoughts to himself and sat in the bedroom, waiting.

Time always passed very slowly during the process of waiting. L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

Xia ruofei was both anxious and expectant. He couldn’t help but use his mind to establish a connection with the spirit map space. However, the upgrade seemed to take a long time. It took two hours, but the connection between Xia ruofei’s mind and the realm was still unclear. This meant that the realm was still in the process of upgrading.

After that, Wu Qiang went outside to invite Xia ruofei for dinner. However, the spirit map scroll could not be kept in the body during the process of upgrading. Naturally, Xia ruofei was not at ease leaving the spirit map scroll in the bedroom. Hence, he told Wu Qiang that he was not hungry and would not be having dinner.

In reality, Xia ruofei was not in the mood to eat. All his thoughts were on the spirit map space.

Xia ruofei waited until 10 O’ clock in the evening before he established a telepathic thought connection with the spirit map space.

This meant that the spirit painting scroll had already completed the upgrade process.

Calculating the time, this upgrade had actually taken six to seven hours, several times longer than the last time.

This made Xia ruofei look forward to it even more.

When he re – established the spiritual connection with the spirit map space, the first thing he felt was that the connection was much clearer than before.

It was as if a normal screen had suddenly changed to a 4K HD screen.

Before he entered the space, Xia ruofei noticed an obvious change.

Perhaps it was because the connection between their minds had become closer, or perhaps it was because the spirit map scroll had changed after it had been upgraded, Xia ruofei realized that he could control the spirit map scroll to change its appearance.

Of course, no one would tell Xia ruofei about this, but he had this feeling.

Xia ruofei immediately tried it.

Sure enough, with just a thought, the spirit painting scroll began to shrink in front of his eyes. In the blink of an eye, it turned from a normal – Size ancient painting scroll to a pocket – sized scroll that was only a few centimeters long.

Ever since Xia ruofei had obtained the scroll, it had always looked simple and unadorned. Even when he was able to store it in his body, he could not change its appearance. Every time he took it out of his palm, the scroll would still look the same.

This change greatly piqued Xia ruofei’s interest. He was no longer satisfied with just changing the size, so he began to try to change the spirit map into something else.