Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

2432 Linglong tower (1)

Xia ruofei’s heart skipped a beat as he tried to imagine how he wanted the spirit map to change.

The scroll, which was only a few centimeters long, began to transform under Xia ruofei’s gaze. Soon, it turned into a lifelike leaf.

Xia ruofei’s interest was immediately piqued. Like a child who had just gotten his favorite toy, he even temporarily put aside the thought of entering the space and continued to try to transform the spirit map.

Stones, bricks, teacups, USB drives ...

The spirit painting scroll obediently changed its shape under Xia ruofei’s command.

As the shape changed, Xia ruofei also tried to make it bigger or smaller.

Soon, Xia ruofei found a pattern.

First of all, no matter how the shape changed, Xia ruofei could feel that the essence of the spirit map scroll had not changed. Its original form should be an ancient scroll, and the changed appearance was similar to a smokescreen.

In addition, it couldn’t become bigger or smaller without any limit, and there was a limit.

Xia ruofei tried to shrink the scroll and realized that it could only be one centimeter long at most. This was the limit of its original form. If it were to change into something else, it would reach its limit even faster. It would be about two or three centimeters in diameter and could not be reduced any further.

Xia ruofei guessed that this was related to the level of evolution of the spirit map. Perhaps it was related to the closeness of his mental connection with the spirit map or perhaps it was related to his spiritual power cultivation.

He should be able to continue evolving in the future.

Besides, Xia ruofei also realized that when the spirit painting transformed into something else, it would consume his spiritual power to maintain it. Of course, it did not consume too much spiritual power. With his current spiritual power cultivation, it should not be a problem to maintain it for 10 to 20 hours.

No matter what, the change in the spirit painting made Xia ruofei very surprised.

To a certain extent, the spirit painting scroll could be considered Xia ruofei’s divine tool for escaping.

When they were at green Immortal Island, Xia ruofei had used the spirit map scroll to escape the pursuers of the purple – blooded spiritual Python.

Ever since he had heard about the cultivation world from Liu chengfeng, Xia ruofei had always felt a sense of urgency and danger.

Especially some of the higher – ups in the sect, most of them were golden core cultivators. Xia ruofei could not fight against them at all.

The law of the jungle had always been the rule of the cultivation world. Xia ruofei had a feeling that he would have to deal with the cultivation world in the future. Meeting Liu chengfeng this time might just be the beginning.

If he provoked an enemy he couldn’t fight against for the time being, then the special function of the spirit map scroll would be particularly important.

In the past, the spirit map scroll could not change its shape and always looked like an ancient scroll, which had certain limitations. With this new function, Xia ruofei had more protection when he needed to escape from the enemy’s pursuit. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

He could completely change the appearance of the spirit map scroll and integrate it into the environment. Then, he could hide in it, and the enemy would not be able to find him in a short time.

Especially in today’s cultivation world, space magic weapons were almost extinct. Space magic weapons that could hide living people were even rarer. Even when the cultivation world was very prosperous, this kind of magic weapon was extremely rare.

Today’s cultivators could hardly think of anyone who could hide in a space treasure.

As long as the exposed painting was not discovered by the enemy, Xia ruofei’s safety would be guaranteed.

Xia ruofei was very satisfied with the changes that had occurred after the evolution of the spirit map.

With some anticipation, he restored the spirit map scroll to its original form and entered the space with a thought.

Every time the spirit map space was upgraded, Xia ruofei would habitually enter the Archean realm where time flowed 30 times faster to see if there were any changes here before going to the mountain sea realm.

Of course, the time he stayed here each time was relatively short. That was because the size of the Archean realm had not expanded for a long time. After the space had been upgraded and evolved, other than the spirit Qi becoming denser, there were basically no other changes.

This time, Xia ruofei entered the spirit map space’s Archean realm first.

The first thing he felt was that the spirit Qi in the space had become denser. This was within his expectations and was not a surprise.

Xia ruofei casually glanced at it as if he was doing official business, and then prepared to move to the mountain sea realm.

Normally speaking, every time the spatial realm leveled up, the greatest change would be in the mountain and sea realm.

However, this was completely out of Xia ruofei’s expectations.

When his gaze swept across the pool in the middle of the Archean realm, he was instantly stunned. He could no longer shift his gaze away.

Xia ruofei’s eyes were wide open as he stared in the direction of the pool.

In the center of the spatial spirit pond, there was a crystal clear Jade Pagoda!

The Jade Tower had nine levels, and four Jade bridges were connected to the land outside the pond from four directions.

Both the Jade Pagoda and the Jade Bridge were small and exquisite.

The four Jade bridges could only allow one person to pass through, and each level of the Jade Pagoda was about 1.5 meters tall. From the outside, it was impossible to tell if it was hollow. Even if one could enter, most adults would have to bend down to enter.

On the second floor of the Jade Pagoda, there was a small plaque with three ancient scripts of the exquisite Pagoda carved on it.