Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

2434 The Jade pillar array (1)

As the spirit map space continued to evolve and upgrade, Xia ruofei felt that this space – Type magical treasure was more and more magical.

Sometimes, he would even wonder if this was really something that could be created by man.

If the painting was truly the work of Shanhai Zhenren, then he was definitely a powerful being. His cultivation had probably reached a height that Xia ruofei could not even imagine.

Xia ruofei raised his head and looked at the Linglong Pagoda, which was now 50 to 60 meters tall. He took a deep breath and walked down the Jade Bridge.

After walking on a Jade – paved road, Xia ruofei arrived at the Linglong tower.

Right below the plaque on the second floor was the tightly shut door of the Linglong tower.

Xia ruofei looked at the crystal – Clear door of the Linglong tower and walked up three steps.

Xia ruofei stood in front of the Linglong Pagoda’s door. Just as he was about to push the door, the door that was glowing with light suddenly opened.

Xia ruofei was stunned for a moment. He muttered to himself,””An automatic door with a sensing function? It’s so advanced!”

Of course, Xia ruofei knew that there were many formations that could achieve this function. Besides, he was the owner of the spirit map space. It was normal for him to be unobstructed in the space. He teased her to ease his tension.

Xia ruofei knew very well that since Xia Qing didn’t stop him from exploring the Linglong tower, it meant that even if there was some danger inside, it wouldn’t be life – threatening. So, even though he was a little nervous, he was still confident.

Since the door had opened by itself, Xia ruofei did not hesitate and walked into the tower.

As he walked into the Linglong tower, Xia ruofei felt as if the stars were moving as he usually did when he entered the space.

As soon as Xia ruofei entered the Linglong tower, a faint light suddenly shone down from the top of his head. The light went through Xia ruofei’s body, giving him a shock. Fortunately, he did not feel any discomfort.

In fact, he still felt that there was something strange. When the glimmer of light penetrated his body, he felt as if he was being spied on. However, this feeling was very weak. If his spiritual power had not broken through to the spirit gathering realm, he would probably not have noticed it at all.

Xia ruofei didn’t care about the faint light. Since he was already being spied on, he would just treat it as an X – ray.

He looked around, and even though he was already mentally prepared, he still revealed a trace of surprise.

Looking from the side of the pool, each level of the Linglong tower was only about 1.5 meters high. Even adults had to bend down to enter and exit.

When he reached the bottom of the tower, he felt that the Linglong tower had expanded a lot. Each floor was about six to seven meters high, which was equivalent to two floors.

However, when he walked into the Linglong tower, he found that it was a space of its own. He couldn’t even see the ceiling when he looked up, and the area inside was much larger than what he saw from outside the tower. In the fog, he couldn’t see the walls of the Linglong tower in any other direction except for the wall behind him and the door.

The Almighty who created the spirit map world must have had high attainments in space! Xia ruofei muttered in his heart.

Xia ruofei quickly observed his surroundings and realized that the first floor of the Linglong tower was empty. There was nothing special about it.

On the wall next to the tower’s door, a large character ” 3″ slowly appeared, shining with a faint golden light.

Xia ruofei did not understand what the “three” meant.

If it was a floor, it should be “one”! Because this was the first floor!

Xia ruofei decided not to think about it since he could not figure out the secret behind it.

Anyway, the entire Linglong tower was his. The spirit map and painting scroll were usually kept in his palm, so it was very convenient to come in here. If one time didn’t work, he would try a second or third time. He believed that as he fumbled around, these questions would be solved very quickly.

Xia ruofei looked forward and saw that a few meters ahead, there was a white fog rising. In the blink of an eye, he could no longer see anything further. Other than the area near the gate of the Linglong tower, the rest of the area was shrouded in the White fog.

The White mist seemed to have a life of its own and would not invade the area he was standing on. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

There seemed to be an invisible boundary three to four meters away. No matter how the White fog rose and changed, it could not cross the boundary.

Xia ruofei could see that there were Jade pillars on the ground in the White fog.

Xia ruofei took a few steps forward to the boundary so that he could see it more clearly.

He found that these Jade pillars were long and distributed in an area about five or six meters wide. They kept extending forward and soon disappeared into the fog. He couldn’t see how long they were from this end.

The distribution of these Jade stakes did not have any special pattern. As far as he could see, some of the Jade stakes were only 20 to 30 centimeters apart, and some were more than a meter apart. It was as if they were randomly distributed.

Xia ruofei looked at it for a while but couldn’t find any pattern.

However, even if there was no pattern, the situation was quite obvious. He was required to pass through these Jade pillars.

Xia ruofei guessed that this was a test.

He pondered in his heart for a while, but he still couldn’t figure out the difficulty of this test. In any case, from the area he could see so far, let alone a cultivator who was about to reach the ninth Qi layer, even an ordinary person should be able to pass it easily as long as they were careful.