Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

2435 The Jade pillar array (2)

Unless the gap between the Jade pillars became wider after they went deeper.

However, if that was the case, would it only test one’s jumping ability? Xia ruofei felt that it was impossible.

After much thought, Xia ruofei felt that there was no harm in trying it out. Otherwise, he would not be able to figure out the mystery of the Jade pillar array.

So he stood in front of the boundary, adjusted his breathing, and then took a deep breath. He took a step forward and stepped on the Jade pillar closest to him.

When Xia ruofei entered the Linglong tower, he had already realized that he could not use the invisible spatial force here. To be more precise, he could not feel the spatial laws here.

It was obvious that the rules inside the Linglong tower were different from the rules in the other parts of the spirit map space.

Hence, Xia ruofei could only rely on his own strength to pass the array of Jade pillars.

Xia ruofei thought that it was normal. If he could use the invisible spatial force here, wouldn’t he be invincible? He could even teleport there directly, so what was the point of setting up the Jade pillar array?

The moment Xia ruofei stepped on the Jade pillar, a change immediately occurred.

From the depths of the fog, an egg – sized glow suddenly shot out and headed straight for Xia ruofei.

The speed of the Halo was extremely fast. Even though Xia ruofei’s reaction speed was much faster than that of ordinary people, he still had to wait until the Halo was in front of him before he could react.

He quickly turned sideways and dodged the Halo’s attack by a hair’s breadth.

However, he also lost his center of gravity, and his body fell to the side.

Even though he did not know what the Jade pillar array was for, Xia ruofei knew that he could not fall off the Jade pillar or he would fail the test.

So, after losing his balance, Xia ruofei’s eyes quickly swept around. Then, with a very awkward movement, he moved his body a few centimeters sideways.

This way, when he fell, his fingers would touch the other Jade pillar.

With his current cultivation, as long as he had a place to borrow strength, he would naturally not fall under the Jade pillar.

Xia ruofei’s fingers pressed hard on the Jade pillar and he immediately stood up.

After regaining his balance, Xia ruofei did not even have time to catch his breath when his spiritual power sensed another ball of light shooting towards him from behind.

This was the Halo from earlier.

After missing Xia ruofei, the ball of light seemed to have a life of its own. It drew a beautiful arc and changed its direction to attack Xia ruofei.

This time, Xia ruofei was more mentally prepared. He leaned forward and the Halo brushed past the back of his head. He immediately stomped on the ground and jumped towards another Jade pillar. He took the opportunity to move forward by one or two meters.

Soon, another ball of light flew rapidly from the depths of the fog. Its target was still Xia ruofei, who was standing on the Jade pillar. The ball of light from before did not disappear either. After drawing an arc, it persevered and flew rapidly towards Xia ruofei.

Xia ruofei relied on his spiritual power of the Spirit gathering realm and his superior reflexes. Under the pincer attack of the two halos, he did not panic at all. He calmly twisted his waist and dodged the faster halos. At the same time, he did a front flip and jumped over the second halos. Naturally, the Halos missed.

Xia ruofei was bold because of his skills. The two balls of light almost brushed past his clothes.

By the time Xia ruofei landed, he had already calculated his position. His feet were still firmly standing on the Jade pillar.

Just like that, Xia ruofei dodged the attacks of the Halos and moved forward step by step. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Time passed by and soon, Xia ruofei had held on for more than ten minutes. At this moment, more and more halos were attacking him. These halos were coming at Xia ruofei from different angles. The speed of each halos was not exactly the same. Some were so fast that Xia ruofei could not see their movement trajectory, while some were slow.

Besides, the speed of these halos was not constant. Sometimes, they would drift towards Xia ruofei in a wobbly manner, but in the next second, their speed would suddenly increase by several times and they would attack Xia ruofei with a whistling sound.

Hence, in order to avoid the attacks of these halos, Xia ruofei had to think quickly and continuously to judge the situation of all the Halos.

In these ten minutes, Xia ruofei looked very embarrassed. He had only advanced three to four meters when Jade stakes flew out of the White mist one after another. Xia ruofei’s situation was getting more and more difficult.

Finally, after he dodged one of the Halos, he couldn’t avoid the other one that followed closely.

In fact, with Xia ruofei’s spiritual power, those halos could not hide their tracks. The reason why Xia ruofei was hit was because the calculations were too much. Even if he knew that the two halos were one after the other, he did not have the time to make a judgment in that instant.

After being hit by the Halos, Xia ruofei stopped dodging dejectedly. The remaining halos immediately pounced on Xia ruofei one after another.

With a soft ‘plop’ sound, the Halos touched Xia ruofei’s body and quickly disappeared.

Xia ruofei did not feel any pain or discomfort after being hit by the Halo.

However, in the next moment, he suddenly felt an irresistible force locking him in place, and then his body flew up involuntarily.

When he came back to his senses, he found himself standing outside the boundary that the White mist did not dare to invade.

In front of him, there was still the faintly discernible Jade pillar in the rising white fog, extending into the depths of the fog.

Xia ruofei smiled bitterly and shook his head. He muttered to himself,””I was just saying that the Jade pillar formation was easy. I didn’t expect to be eliminated after only advancing a few meters ... It’s a good thing no one saw it!”

At this moment, Xia ruofei suddenly realized that the “three” on the wall that was shining with a faint golden light had twisted and quickly turned into a “two”.

Xia ruofei immediately understood that the number “three” on the wall didn’t represent the floor. Instead, it meant that he had three chances to take the test.

He had been hit by the White halo earlier, which led to his failure in the test.

Therefore, the “three” on the wall became “two.”

Originally, Xia ruofei did not believe in heresy and was prepared to challenge the Jade pillar formation again. But now that he saw that there was a limit to the number of times he could challenge it, he couldn’t help but hesitate.

In fact, even though the process just now was embarrassing, Xia ruofei could still feel the magical effect of the Jade pillar array.

This seemingly simple array of Jade stakes was of great help to his reaction speed, accurate judgment, and control of his body.

It was a test, but at the same time, it was also a form of training.

Although it was only a short ten minutes, Xia ruofei could clearly feel that his abilities had improved in all aspects. The main reason was that under that extreme state, his mind was spinning rapidly and his body’s potential was squeezed out. Most of the time, he had to rely on a flash of inspiration to avoid the white light by a hair’s breadth.

Xia ruofei was confident that if he were to do it again, he would definitely go further.

However, the words on the wall clearly stated that he still had two more chances to challenge.

With only two chances, Xia ruofei was not confident that he could pass through the array of Jade pillars. After all, the Jade pillars extended into the depths of the fog. His spiritual power was greatly restricted in the fog and he could not explore far. Hence, he was not sure how long the array of Jade pillars was.

Xia ruofei thought for a while and decided not to rush things. He turned back to look at the rising white mist and the faintly discernible Jade pillar inside before leaving the Linglong tower.

When Xia ruofei crossed the Jade Bridge and returned to the shore of the pond, he turned around and saw that the Linglong Pagoda had become small and exquisite again. Each level was only a meter tall. He could not help but sigh at the magical Jade Pagoda again.

Xia Qing had been waiting on the shore for a while. Seeing Xia ruofei come out so quickly, she couldn’t help but ask curiously,””Master, you’ve already used up three of today’s challenge chances?”

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but blush, but he quickly caught the main point in Xia Qing’s words and immediately asked,””Today? Xia Qing, you’re saying that ... The limit to the number of times you can challenge someone is only limited to today? Even if I fail all three times, I can still challenge him in the future, right?”