Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

2437 Try again (2)

“Let’s go! Come with me to the mountain sea realm to take a look!” Xia ruofei said indifferently.

With a thought, he directly brought Xia Qing to the mountain and sea realm.

The first thing that came into view was the mountain peak that towered into the clouds. After the spatial upgrade this time, the mountain in the mountain sea tier had once again grown a large chunk taller. Moreover, it had also expanded horizontally by quite a bit, faintly showing signs of a continuous stretch. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

There were indeed a few “clouds” floating on the mountain peak. However, Xia ruofei could tell with one glance that they were not clouds at all. They were formed by the spiritual energy that had been slowly condensed into a water – like mist.

These “spiritual Qi clouds” slowly drifted, and the water – formed spiritual Qi in the clouds continuously fused together. Sometimes, it would even transform into a rain of spiritual Qi that fell down, hiding in the land of the mountain and sea realm.

It was obvious that in such an environment, the crops that Xia ruofei had planted in the mountain and sea realm would grow even faster.

The area of the mountain sea realm had almost doubled.

In reality, the mountain sea realm was too vast. It was difficult to judge the changes in the area with the naked eye. However, Xia ruofei now had absolute control over space. He only needed a thought to accurately grasp the situation in the entire mountain sea realm.

The sea on the periphery had also expanded a lot. Standing on the beach and looking out, it was no different from the sea outside.

Fortunately, the expansion of space was only limited to the exterior, and not the entire mountain sea realm.

Otherwise, the area of the newly planned herb gardens and rice fields would double. Moreover, if the normal planting density was increased to an equal ratio, the space between all the crops would double.

Xia ruofei immediately flew around the mountain and sea realm and made a quick round. Then, he came to the space cage area where the mobile temporary house was located. He first moved the space cage that had imprisoned Liu chengfeng to a certain place in the void.

Now that the upgrade and evolution of the space had been completed, the spirit map space was more stable than before, so the danger was naturally removed.

Then, Xia ruofei asked Xia Qing to lift the martial law around the temporary housing area and let the free workers leave their rooms to work at their respective places.

The mountain and sea realm in the spirit map space also gradually became lively.

Xia ruofei did not care about these trivial matters. Instead, he looked at the tall mountain in the distance.

There was a stone chamber in the cave halfway up the mountain. There were two light films protecting a jade talisman and a small box.

He could basically confirm that the Jade talisman was the heaven jade talisman.

Xia ruofei felt that if the previous owner of the spirit map space had left behind any inheritances such as movement techniques or battle skills, they would most likely be in this heaven jade talisman.

That was because his spiritual power had already broken through to the spirit gathering realm. The last time he tried to open the heaven jade talisman, he had failed. The light film that wrapped around the jade box would probably require Xia ruofei’s cultivation to reach a very high level before he could open it.

Xia ruofei’s cultivation level had not changed since he tried to open the protective light film of the heaven jade talisman. He was still at the peak of refined Qi level 8 and his spiritual power had reached the spirit gathering realm.

Therefore, in theory, he still had no way to unlock the heavenly jade talisman.

However, during this period of time, Xia ruofei felt that his cultivation and spiritual power had improved by a lot.

Hence, Xia ruofei decided to try again.

In fact, the reason why Xia ruofei failed to unlock it last time was mostly because of his body, especially his palm, which could not withstand the internal and external pressure. Although he failed, his spiritual power still had some strength left.

After thinking for a while, Xia ruofei moved to the entrance of the cave on the mountainside in a flash and walked in.

If it was in the past, Xia ruofei would not be in a hurry. Since his cultivation had not reached the requirement, he would continue to cultivate and try again after he had a breakthrough. However, ever since Liu chengfeng appeared, his sense of crisis had become much stronger. He also knew where his shortcomings were, so he was eager to unlock the heaven jade talisman and make up for them as soon as possible.

Soon, Xia ruofei arrived at the stone room. He walked straight to the stone table and stared at the last two protective light films.

After weighing the pros and cons in front of the stone platform, Xia ruofei finally made up his mind, and his eyes became more determined.

However, he didn’t immediately take action. Instead, with a thought, he moved a translucent preservation box over from the Archean realm.

The container was half – filled with spirit Heart Flower petals, which he had saved up over the past few days. There were two such containers in total, and the other one was already full.

Xia ruofei immediately opened the container and placed it on the stone table.

He was prepared to fight it out. If his palm could not withstand the pressure, he would not hesitate to use the petals of the spirit Heart Flower to recover.

Xia ruofei took a few sips of the spiritual pond water and sat down cross – legged on the stone bed with the Jade futon as a cushion.

Now that there was an energy exchange between the spirit map world and the chaotic space outside, Xia ruofei had less to worry about. He sat down cross – legged and began to cultivate the “great Dao technique”.

In a short while, Xia ruofei had adjusted himself to his best condition.

Previously, when he was challenging the Jade pillar array at the Archean realm, he had sustained some injuries. In a short period of time, he had recovered by half.

For these ordinary injuries, Xia ruofei did not need to use any medicine or waste any petals of the spirit Heart Flower. He could recover quickly during the process of cultivation.

It felt really good to cultivate directly in the space.

However, Xia ruofei had not come to this stone chamber to cultivate. Hence, when he felt that he was in his best condition, he stopped cultivating and stood up to walk to the stone platform.

Xia ruofei stared at the ancient jade talisman in the light film. He gritted his teeth and pressed his hand on the light film.

There was a strong counterforce, but Xia ruofei did not back down. Instead, he released his spiritual energy and covered his palm with genuine Qi, pressing against the light film.

Xia ruofei had already tried it once and knew the characteristics of this light film like the back of his hand.

In the beginning, Xia ruofei did not find it hard. He put his palm on the protective light film and kept injecting his spiritual power into it.

Soon, as Xia ruofei’s spiritual energy entered the light membrane, it started to shake.

Xia ruofei gritted his teeth and continued to increase the output of his spiritual power.

After a while, Xia ruofei felt the pressure on his palm getting stronger and stronger. He could even feel the bones in his hand starting to crack.

In fact, he was very close to unlocking the heaven jade talisman. Last time, Xia ruofei had reached this level but had helplessly chosen to give up.

Now, Xia ruofei could only watch as his palm slowly sank into the protective light film. He could feel the pain in his palm every second.

Xia ruofei clenched his teeth and persevered.

After a short while.

Xia ruofei heard a soft crack and broke out in a cold sweat. He realized that his metacarpal bone had been broken by the pressure.

Xia ruofei was already prepared. With a slight thought, a spirit Heart Flower petal flew out from the Tupperware.

Now, Xia ruofei’s control of the spirit map space had reached an extremely high level. Even if he was fully focused on breaking the light film, he could still easily split a part of his mind to control the petals of the spirit Heart Flower.

That petal fluttered up, and then was directly pushed by the invisible spatial force to his already fractured hand.

As soon as the petals of the spirit Heart Flower touched the skin of his hand, they were completely absorbed by his hand.

This was an entire petal of the spirit Heart Flower. It contained quite a lot of active ingredients. Xia ruofei’s fractured hand suddenly felt like it was receiving rain after a long drought. Wisps of cool energy flowed towards the wound on Xia ruofei’s palm. The injury on his palm seemed to have improved a lot.

Just like that, Xia ruofei gritted his teeth and continued to exert all his spiritual power. The veins on one of his hands were already popping out. He was constantly breaking his bones from the terrifying pressure, and the medicinal properties of the spirit Heart Flower petals were quickly absorbed.

Xia ruofei could hear the sound of bones breaking from time to time. It was another fracture.

His bones were continuously fractured by the pressure, but Xia ruofei continued to attack with his spiritual power.

The protective light film kept shaking, and finally, it couldn’t bear the pressure anymore and broke with a “Chi” sound.