Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

2438 The heaven jade talisman (1)

Xia ruofei heaved a long sigh of relief. His entire body collapsed and his legs gave way as he sat on the ground.

His entire body was drenched in sweat, as if he had just been fished out of the water.

This time, Xia ruofei had gone all out. In order to get the heaven jade talisman, he had almost used up all his strength.

In order to break through the light barrier, one’s spiritual power cultivation had to reach the spirit gathering realm. Xia ruofei was only about to meet the requirements. However, his genuine Qi cultivation was a few levels lower, and his physical strength was far from enough.

Especially the hand that was in direct contact with the light membrane barrier, it was bearing almost all the pressure.

Xia ruofei could not remember how many times he had broken the bones in his palm.

As the saying went, the ten fingers were connected to the heart, so the pain of the bones of the palm and fingers being continuously crushed was no less than cruel torture.

Xia ruofei’s strong willpower and anti – interrogation training during his military service had made his pain tolerance much higher than that of ordinary people. Otherwise, he might have passed out before Xia ruofei could break the light membrane.

Xia ruofei leaned against the stone platform, panting heavily.

Although Xia ruofei had been using the spirit Heart Flower petals to repair his palm during the process, his hand was still swollen like a steamed bun. The recovery speed of the spirit Heart Flower petals could not keep up with the speed at which his bones and fingers were broken. The medicinal properties of the petals were also quickly consumed.

Although there was still a large number of spirit Heart Flower petals in the preservation box on the stone platform, and Xia ruofei could take the petals to continue repairing his palm with just a thought, he did not want to move at all. In fact, his spiritual power was almost exhausted.

The strength of this light barrier was much tougher than he had expected.

This time, it was also a risky move, and they had almost failed.

Xia ruofei felt a lingering fear when he thought about it, but it was quickly followed by a strong sense of joy.

As the saying goes, wealth comes from danger. This saying was really not wrong.

Although the process was a little dangerous, the harvest was gratifying. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Now, the “heaven” jade talisman was quietly placed on the stone platform. There was no barrier on the outside, waiting for Xia ruofei to take it away at any time.

Xia ruofei sat on the ground and rested for more than ten minutes before he slowly regained his senses.

At this moment, the swelling on his palm had also subsided a little. The remaining medicinal properties of the misty spirit Heart Flower had been healing the injuries on his palm.

However, it was obvious that the fracture had not been completely cured. Xia ruofei could still feel the sharp pain in his palm.

After resting for a while, his spiritual power had recovered slightly.

Hence, with a thought, a spirit Heart Flower petal from the Tupperware on the stone platform floated up and landed accurately on his slightly swollen palm.

The petals quickly melted when they came into contact with his skin.

Xia ruofei felt a comfortable chill in his hand and the pain was reduced.

He stood up and walked to the stone bed. After climbing onto the bed, he sat down cross – legged on the Jade futon and began to circulate the cultivation method of the “great Dao formula”.

Perhaps it was because the true Qi and mental energy in his body had been greatly consumed, but at this time, his body was like a sponge, greedily absorbing the rich spiritual energy in the space.

To Xia ruofei, it was a happy thing to be able to cultivate in the space without any worries.

The “great Dao Arts” was a top – notch technique and the spiritual Qi in the space was so rich. Hence, Xia ruofei’s cultivation efficiency was very high. As he continued to practice the technique, the true Qi in his dantian gradually filled up and the recovery speed of his mental power also increased.

When Xia ruofei finished his cultivation, he realized that the injury on his palm had basically healed.

In fact, if the spirit Heart Flower petals that were consumed during the entire process were given to old man Liu, his tumor would probably disappear on the spot.

Of course, Xia ruofei did not think that it was a waste at all.

His gaze fell on the ancient jade talisman on the stone platform, and a satisfied smile appeared on his face.

At this moment, he was at least 70 – 80% recovered, even if he was not fully recovered.

Xia ruofei jumped off the stone bed and walked to the stone platform in a few steps. He reached out and picked up the Jade talisman.

The Jade talisman felt very warm to the touch. Its simple appearance looked similar to the earth and human Jade talismans from before, but the patterns on it were more complicated.

Xia ruofei fondled with the Jade talisman for a while before putting it into his pocket and walking out of the cave.

Although he had already obtained the ‘heaven’ jade talisman, Xia ruofei still needed to perfectly engrave the array patterns on the Jade talisman in order to obtain the inheritance.

After the “extreme challenge”, Xia ruofei was still mentally exhausted even though his body had almost recovered. The array patterns on the Jade talismans were usually difficult and could not be completed in one go. Hence, Xia ruofei did not start learning the array patterns on the Jade talismans.

You can’t eat hot tofu in haste.

Xia ruofei patrolled around the mountain sea realm and saw that Xia Qing had arranged the free laborers ‘work in an orderly manner. He did not go over to disturb her and directly returned to the outside world with a thought.

It was already dark outside. Xia ruofei had been busy upgrading the space and did not even have dinner. In addition, his body was almost exhausted in the cave, so he felt his stomach empty.