Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

2444 Cultivating the soul seal (1)

“Great Dao Arts” Level 7 to level 9 cultivation techniques,”drifting steps”,”gentleman sword”, and “soul seal” were all the inheritances in the heaven word jade talisman.

Although it was not as all – encompassing as the human jade talisman or as complete as the earth jade talisman, Xia ruofei was still very satisfied. L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

There was no doubt that the inheritance in the heaven word jade talisman was much more precious than the human word and earth word Jade talismans combined.

Although there were not many inheritances, they were all the essence. To Xia ruofei, every inheritance was very useful.

Xia ruofei left the empty space in front of the Linglong tower and returned to the spiritual pond through the Jade Bridge.

He had not slept or rested for the past few days in order to decipher the heaven word jade talisman. Now, he had used up a lot of mental power and was feeling a little tired.

Regardless of whether it was the floating steps or the soul seal, it was impossible to master them in one go.

Even though the inheritance was imprinted in Xia ruofei’s mind and it was not difficult for him to understand the martial arts and secret skills, after all, no matter if it was body movement, sword technique or spiritual power secret skills, it was not enough to understand them. It was more important to practice repeatedly.

For example, the soul seal was actually a very complicated seal formed by the use of spiritual power. It was impossible to form it without a lot of practice.

Therefore, Xia ruofei was not in a hurry. He spoke to Xia Qing in his mind and left the spirit map space in a flash.

Although he had been working hard in front of the Linglong tower for four or five days without rest, only a few hours had passed in the outside world because of the difference in the flow of time. The sky had just turned dark.

Xia ruofei had eaten something in the interspace. In addition, he was extremely tired, so he did not eat dinner. He went to the bathroom to take a shower and went to bed.

If it was someone else who had obtained a heaven – defying secret skill like soul seal, they would probably be extremely excited no matter how tired they were. They would toss and turn and not be able to sleep. However, Xia ruofei’s mental strength had been slowly trained after obtaining the spirit map space. Although he was very excited when he first obtained the inheritance, he fell asleep very quickly after lying on the bed.

The next morning, Xia ruofei woke up on time. In the past, he would be cultivating at this time, and today was no exception.

However, he would not choose to use spirit crystals or origin crystals to cultivate in the outside world. Instead, he took out the spirit map scroll and entered the medium to cultivate.

Xia ruofei did not deliberately choose the Archean realm to save time. He sat cross – legged on the peak of the mountain in the mountain sea realm and cultivated for about two hours.

This was the highest point of the mountain sea realm, and the field of vision was quite good. As long as one’s vision was good enough, they could see every corner of the mountain sea realm.

Of course, as they continued to level up and expand, the area of the mountain sea realm would continue to expand. Now, the surface and the surface of the sea were already curved to a certain extent. Hence, Xia ruofei had always wondered if the mountain sea realm would become a planet if they continued to level up.

He believed that even the cultivators from hundreds of years ago would know more about earth than ordinary people. These cultivators might know that there was a “big ball” under their feet.

Thinking that he might own a ‘private planet’ in the future, Xia ruofei could not help but feel a sense of longing.

Xia ruofei ended his cultivation and opened his eyes. In the herb garden and rice fields at the foot of the mountain, the free workers with a regular schedule had already started working.

Xia ruofei took a quick glance and left the space.

It was seven or eighto’ clock in the morning. Xia ruofei had breakfast in the backyard and told Wu Qiang that he had important things to deal with at home for the next few days and that he should not be disturbed if there was nothing. Also, unless it was Zhao Yongjun and the others, he should decline any visits.

After returning to his master’s courtyard, Xia ruofei locked himself in his room again.

As usual, he locked the door and windows, checked them with his mental power, and then set up a warning array in the room. He then took out the spirit map scroll and entered the space with a thought.

Xia ruofei was planning to focus on cultivating his soul seal for a few days.

Xia ruofei’s cultivation was still not high enough to practice the ‘Noble Sword’, and it would be difficult for him to master it. It was best to practice the drifting footwork with the Jade pillar array to achieve twice the result with half the effort. Now that the challenge count of the Jade pillar array had not refreshed, Xia ruofei had pushed back the cultivation of the drifting footwork.

As for soul seal, it was obviously a matter of utmost importance.

Liu chengfeng had been captured by him for a few days. If he wanted to take Liu chengfeng as his soul slave, he had to hurry up. Otherwise, it was hard to guarantee that the falling leaves sect would not be suspicious.

Xia ruofei went to the Linglong Pagoda and sat down cross – legged.

Xia ruofei didn’t need to spend time to understand the secret skills that he had inherited. He could practice them directly.

After Xia ruofei sat down, he immediately focused his mind and released a wisp of spiritual power. Slowly, under his control, it began to form seals.

Another advantage of Xia ruofei’s cultivation of the soul seal was that he had spent a lot of spiritual energy to carve the runes during the three times he unlocked the Jade talismans. He had a lot of experience in the fine control of his spiritual energy, and his accuracy had obviously improved.

Although drawing the array pattern and forming the seal were different, it was only a difference in the technique. In the end, it was still about the control of spiritual power. Hence, when Xia ruofei was cultivating the soul seal, he was able to master it relatively quickly.

Xia ruofei was trying to form the master Seal.

In fact, whether it was the mother seal or the child seal, they were both very complicated. The difficulty level was much higher than the formation pattern of the heaven jade talisman.

Layers of seals condensed from mental energy continued to stack up, and a mysterious stream of light flowed on the seals.

However, Xia ruofei soon frowned.

The flowing light on the magic seal also stagnated slightly. Then, the complicated magic seal collapsed all of a sudden, and the spiritual power disappeared.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but sigh as he looked at the progress. This time, he had only completed less than one – tenth of the mother seal. Furthermore, the formation of the seals went from easy to difficult. The first few seals were relatively easy.

Even so, Xia ruofei had only completed less than one – tenth of it. Due to the precision of his control, the entire seal had collapsed.

However, Xia ruofei would not give up just because of one failure.

Failure was normal, but if he succeeded on the first try, then the soul seal would be worthless.

Xia ruofei took a short break and started his second attempt.

For the entire day and night, Xia ruofei tried countless times, but each time ended in failure.

In the past 20 hours, Xia ruofei had also successfully completed about one – seventh of the progress.

He stood up and stretched his arms and legs, then ate something and drank a few mouthfuls of water from the spirit pool to help his mental power recover.

After a short rest, Xia ruofei prepared to continue condensing his soul seal.

This time, he decided to bring the Jade – like praying mat in the stone chamber of the mountain sea realm to the Archean realm. Sitting on the praying mat would not only speed up the recovery of his mental power, but it would also help him concentrate more.

For the next three days, Xia ruofei almost never left the small open space in front of the Linglong tower. Other than when he used up a lot of spiritual power, he would stop to rest and recover. He would also eat something occasionally. The rest of the time, he was practicing how to form a soul seal.

When he was about one – third done with the condensing of the soul imprint, Xia ruofei stopped his practice. He had been at the Archean realm for four days and four nights. It was almost noon in the outside world.

Xia ruofei left the medium and went to the backyard. Wu Xiujuan and Xia Xiaolan had already prepared lunch. Xia ruofei went back to his courtyard after he had some food.

After continuously practicing under that state of high concentration, Xia ruofei was inevitably tired. So after lunch, he took an hour’s nap. At oneo’ clock in the afternoon, he entered the space again and continued to practice forming the soul seal.

In the following days, Xia ruofei would wake up early and cultivate for an hour or two in the medium before having breakfast. Then, he would return to his room and enter the medium to practice forming his soul seal.

He had already calculated the time in the outside world when he was in the medium. He would leave for a while when it was mealtime and use the mealtime to relax a little. After resting, he would immediately enter the medium to practice.

This continued for three days.

In the past three days, Xia ruofei stayed in the outside world for about 10 hours. Other than his three meals a day, he would take an hour nap if he was not struck by lightning. Then, at 9 pm in the outside world, he would leave the medium and return to the outside world to sleep. Although he wanted to master the soul seal as soon as possible, he still tried to maintain the normal work and rest in the outside world.

Even so, due to the 30 times difference in time flow, Xia ruofei had actually stayed in the spirit map space for 40 to 50 days.

In the past two months, Xia ruofei had only been doing one thing, and that was to practice forming soul seals.

In the beginning, his progress was very fast. From the first time he condensed a soul seal, he only completed one – tenth, then one – eighth, one – fifth, one – third ... However, as the seals needed to be condensed became more and more complicated, and the fusion between the seals became more and more difficult, Xia ruofei’s progress in cultivating the soul seal also slowed down.

Finally, after going through such a difficult process, Xia ruofei successfully condensed a complete soul seal for the first time!

Even though it was just a spiritual seal simulated outside the body, as long as it was successfully condensed, it meant that Xia ruofei had mastered the basic level of this spiritual secret skill.

The true condensation of a soul seal had to be carried out directly in the sea of consciousness.

Naturally, Xia ruofei would not be like a hotheaded youth who would try it in his sea of consciousness right from the start. One must know that once the soul seal failed to form, the seals formed by the spiritual power would collapse instantly. If this collapse had happened in the sea of consciousness, Xia ruofei’s sea of consciousness would probably be riddled with holes by now.

After all, even Xia ruofei could not remember how many times he had practiced, let alone how many times the seals he had condensed had collapsed.

The successful condensation this time boosted Xia ruofei’s confidence. He dispelled the seal formed by his spiritual power and immediately started a new round of practice. He had to practice as much as possible. Once he really condensed a soul seal in his sea of consciousness, it was best to succeed in one try. Otherwise, his sea of consciousness would be more or less damaged.

Another day had passed in the outside world. Xia ruofei had been practicing for more than twenty days in the spirit map space. He was finally satisfied with his soul seal condensation technique.