Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

2445 Loyal servant No. 1 (1)

Xia ruofei stood up and stretched his arms and legs while sighing in his heart.

Cultivation knew no time. Xia ruofei had read about this in many cultivation books, but he finally understood it this time.

Just to cultivate a soul seal, he had stayed in the space for more than two months. This was also due to the unique environment in the space, the top cultivation technique he cultivated, and the practice he got when he carved the array patterns. With many other beneficial factors stacked together, he still spent such a long time.

This was also the first time Xia ruofei had spent so much time in space using the difference in the flow of time.

As only three or four days had passed in the outside world, Xia ruofei had spent more than two months in the medium. In theory, he had aged more than two months.

Of course, this was relative to the people in the outside world. To Xia ruofei, the past two months had passed by day by day. It did not mean that he had aged two months in just three or four days.

For cultivators, their bodies were spotless. As their cultivation level increased, the aging speed of the body would be greatly delayed, or even completely stopped. Therefore, two months was nothing.

Although Xia ruofei felt that he was fully prepared, he was not in a hurry to form a soul seal in his sea of consciousness.

He had enough rest to ensure that his body and spiritual power had recovered to their best condition. Then, he sat down cross – legged on the Jade futon, closed his eyes, and focused.

It was extremely dangerous to form a soul seal in the sea of consciousness.

However, when Xia ruofei truly entered a state of calmness, all his nervousness, worry, and worries disappeared. At this moment, he was like an old monk with no desires. The only thing in his mind was the mysterious pattern of the soul seal.

A wisp of mental energy entered his sea of consciousness through his meridians. Under Xia ruofei’s control, it condensed into a seal in an instant. The whole process was extremely smooth and natural, like an Antelope hanging its horn without leaving a trace.

Xia ruofei’s face was emotionless. The spiritual power in his sea of consciousness continued to form seals.

After these dharmic seals were condensed, they stacked together, and a huge, complicated dharmic seal gradually took shape.

As time passed, more and more dharmic seals appeared in Xia ruofei’s sea of consciousness. Finally, the last dharmic seal was formed.

The seal floated toward the huge seal like the last piece of a puzzle. When it was embedded, the soul seal was finally formed.

After the complete soul seal was condensed, the infinite world in the sea of consciousness seemed to shake slightly. The spirit on the small island in the center of the sea of consciousness spontaneously released a mysterious aura, which came to the soul seal in a flash and integrated with it. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Xia ruofei suddenly felt a connection between him and the soul seal.

He vaguely realized that this was the reason why the soul seal could control others ‘souls.

Obviously, when the child seal merged into the other party’s sea of consciousness, it would also form a similar connection with the other party’s spirit body. Then, with the help of the connection between the child and mother seal, it would achieve the purpose of Soul Control.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but admire the exquisiteness of the soul seal’s design. No wonder it could be sealed in the heaven jade talisman even though it was only a spiritual power secret skill.

When Xia ruofei’s spiritual aura was imprinted on the soul seal, the mother seal of the soul seal was completely condensed.

Xia ruofei’s face revealed a satisfied smile.

He rested for a while and immediately began to practice condensing child seals.

With the experience of forming the mother seal, Xia ruofei’s process of forming the child seal was much smoother.

Of course, the child seal was much less complicated than the mother seal.

In about half a day, Xia ruofei had already mastered the formation of the child seal.

After he recovered, he immediately began to form the child seal in his sea of consciousness.

This time, it was still a success on the first try.

After the child seal was formed, it naturally revolved around the mother seal slowly, like a satellite.

Xia ruofei’s heart was filled with joy. For the past two months, he had been practicing without sleep for a few days. Today, he had finally achieved great results.

Cultivators whose spiritual power had reached the spirit gathering realm could only control five child seals at most. However, Xia ruofei did not continue to form child seals. Instead, he stood up and teleported to the mountain and sea realm in space.

Now, Xia ruofei’s top priority was not to form child seals because Liu chengfeng was the only one who was suitable or qualified to be soul controlled by him. No matter how many child seals he formed, it would not be of use.

He had captured Liu chengfeng and imprisoned him in the space for many days. Since he wanted to control him completely and make him a nail in the world of cultivation, he had to return to the world of cultivation as soon as possible.

Hence, Xia ruofei did not waste a single moment and immediately arrived at the mountain and sea realm.

He didn’t alert Bao Guijun and the others who were working in the herb garden and paddy fields. Instead, he wrapped himself with the invisible force of space and went to the space cage where Liu chengfeng was imprisoned.

Liu chengfeng was sitting in the cage, bored.

Although there was a certain amount of spiritual Qi in it, it was a non – renewable resource. Even if the concentration of spiritual Qi was higher than the outside world, Liu chengfeng did not dare to practice without restraint.

Liu chengfeng couldn’t get out, and he couldn’t cultivate either.

It was also because he was a cultivator that his physical and mental qualities were stronger than ordinary people. Otherwise, ordinary people would have gone crazy after being locked up in such a confined space for so many days.

Xia ruofei’s sudden appearance in the spatial cage gave Liu chengfeng a shock.

When Liu chengfeng saw who it was, he quickly stood up and knelt on the ground, calling out respectfully,””Senior!”

Xia ruofei glanced at Liu chengfeng indifferently and did not say anything.

Liu chengfeng couldn’t figure out what Xia ruofei was thinking, so he was naturally very nervous.

At this moment, Liu chengfeng suddenly felt a huge pressure coming toward him. He was so scared that his soul almost left his body. Could it be that senior Qianqian thought he was useless and changed her mind to kill him?

After Liu chengfeng had such a thought, he was so scared that he kowtowed like pounding garlic and shouted,””Senior, please spare me! Senior, please spare my life!”

Xia ruofei didn’t say a word, but the spiritual pressure on Liu chengfeng kept increasing.

Liu chengfeng struggled to hold on, his face turning pale.

In front of Xia ruofei, he couldn’t even think of resisting. However, the pressure was getting stronger and stronger. Liu chengfeng had no choice but to use his own spiritual power to resist.

This was exactly what Xia ruofei wanted. He continued to release his spiritual pressure and continuously consumed Liu chengfeng’s spiritual power.

After a long while, Xia ruofei suddenly retracted his spiritual pressure. He glanced at Liu chengfeng and left the spatial cage in a flash.

The whole process only took three to four minutes, but Liu chengfeng’s clothes were already soaked with sweat. He felt as if he had just walked through the gates of hell, and he was filled with fear.

At the same time, Liu chengfeng did not know what Xia ruofei was up to. He became more and more nervous.

After Xia ruofei left the spatial cage, he hovered outside the cage and took a large bottle of spatial spirit pool water. He took a few big gulps.

Then, a Jade – like futon appeared under his feet. He took a step forward and sat down with his legs crossed.

The Jade futon was suspended in the air. Xia ruofei sat on it but the Jade futon did not move at all. It was as if it was placed on the ground.

With the help of the spiritual pond water, the praying mat, and the rich spiritual Qi outside the cage, Xia ruofei’s spiritual power was recovering rapidly.

When he had recovered about 90% of his mental power, he immediately flashed back into the cage.

Xia ruofei still didn’t say a word. He directly released his spiritual pressure and swept it towards Liu chengfeng.

Liu chengfeng wanted to cry but had no tears. His spiritual power had been consumed by more than half in the short three to four minutes.

After Xia ruofei left, Liu chengfeng also tried to recover his spiritual power.

However, his cultivation technique was very ordinary and the spiritual Qi in the cage was pitifully little. So when Xia ruofei recovered his spiritual power and entered the cage, Liu chengfeng’s spiritual power had not recovered much.

However, the spiritual pressure that he was in awe of once again descended on him. Helplessly, he could only use his spiritual power to resist.

This was also an instinctive reaction of a cultivator. Even if the one standing in front of him was a “nascent soul cultivator” who was highly respected, Liu chengfeng did not sit still and wait for death. He knew that he could not defeat his opponent, but he still tried his best to use his spiritual power to resist the pressure.

This was the effect that Xia ruofei wanted.

This time, Xia ruofei didn’t leave the spatial cage. Liu chengfeng’s spiritual energy had been exhausted, but Xia ruofei still had some energy left.

Xia ruofei saw that Liu chengfeng’s face was as pale as a sheet of paper. He was dispirited, and his eyes were dull. At the same time, his resistance to the spiritual pressure was getting weaker.

Xia ruofei knew that Liu chengfeng’s spiritual energy had been worn out.

Sure enough, the next moment, Liu chengfeng fell to the ground with a trace of despair in his eyes. He soon fell into a coma.

Xia ruofei had been waiting for such an opportunity to check that the gap between their spiritual power cultivation was not as wide as the chasm between heaven and earth. If he used the soul seal on Liu chengfeng directly, it would definitely cause a strong resistance and the success rate would not be too high. Now that Liu chengfeng’s spiritual power had been completely consumed and he had passed out, it was naturally the best time to use the soul seal.

Xia ruofei didn’t hesitate. With a thought, the child seal in his sea of consciousness was released. Under the control of his mind, the child seal was like a beam of light and entered Liu chengfeng’s forehead in the blink of an eye.

After the child seal entered Liu chengfeng’s body, it didn’t need Xia ruofei’s control at all. It spontaneously went straight into Liu chengfeng’s sea of consciousness.

Liu chengfeng was in an extremely weak state at the moment, and there was almost no resistance in his sea of consciousness. The child seal went straight in, and the fog in its path automatically parted to the sides.

In just a few seconds, the child seal was imprinted in Liu chengfeng’s sea of consciousness.

At this moment, Liu chengfeng’s spirit body seemed to have fallen into a deep sleep. When the child seal was imprinted in his sea of consciousness, a wisp of Qi from Liu chengfeng’s spirit body was sucked out by the child seal and integrated into it.

When Liu chengfeng’s soul aura was sucked into the child seal, Xia ruofei immediately felt the connection between the child and mother seals. At the same time, he also sensed that Liu chengfeng’s consciousness and spiritual body could be sensed directly without the need to use spiritual power to probe inside.

Xia ruofei revealed a look of joy. He had successfully obtained his first soul servant!