Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

2448 The arrival of two daggers (1)

Chapter 1351: the first Prince!

Xia ruofei heaved a long sigh of relief when she returned to her bedroom.

This trip to Africa could be said to have been a huge harvest. It could be said that it had basically come to a perfect end.

Xia ruofei did a quick count. His biggest gain was the basin – sized world stone. No matter what, the development of the spirit map space was always the top priority in Xia ruofei’s mind.

He had accidentally obtained that world stone and successfully upgraded the spirit map space by one level.

The upgrade of the interspace could be said to be a qualitative leap. Not only did it solve the problem of cultivating in the interspace, but it also developed the Linglong Pagoda, which would be very beneficial for Xia ruofei’s future cultivation. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

The unlocking of the “heaven” jade talisman had given Xia ruofei a lot of benefits, especially the “soul seal”, which allowed Xia ruofei to successfully have a soul servant at lianqi Level 7. In the long run, be it ‘casual steps’ or ‘Noble Sword’, they would greatly increase Xia ruofei’s combat strength. The seventh to ninth levels of the ‘great Dao technique’ would be enough to support Xia ruofei’s cultivation to the legendary realm.

Other than the upgrade of the spirit map space and the unlocking of the heaven jade talisman, Xia ruofei’s trip to Africa had also earned her two to three hundred free laborers. While she was temporarily unable to make her own spirit puppets, it had solved the severe shortage of manpower in the space.

Besides, after wiping out the mord organization, the funds in Xia ruofei’s overseas account had risen to more than two billion US dollars. If the company were to speed up its development, he would have plenty of funds.

Of course, when he went to Africa, he successfully found Liu haojun, the mastermind behind song Qiming’s assassination. A few days ago, Liu haojun was also killed by elder Liu in the name of “justice.” This hidden danger was forever resolved.

All in all, Xia ruofei’s trip to Africa could be described as “perfect”. His harvest had exceeded his expectations. At least, he did not expect to get such a huge piece of world stone from his trip to Africa.

This time, Xia ruofei had been out for a longer time. However, he did not return to the three mountains immediately after he was done with his business.

This was because the Paradise Club would be opening in two days. Although he didn’t manage much as a major shareholder, he definitely couldn’t be absent from the opening ceremony.

Zhao Yongjun, song Rui, and the others were all very concerned about the Paradise gathering. To Xia ruofei, this project was just for fun, but to Zhao Yongjun and the others, it was basically the core of their careers.

This group of people had a lot of power in Beijing. They were so serious about this project and invested a lot of energy, so the construction progress was naturally quite fast. In fact, when Xia ruofei was recording “a life to look forward to,” the construction of the peach blossom society was basically completed. All that was left was some ancillary works such as greenery.

Zhao Yongjun and the others were determined to make Paradise Club the benchmark for the high – end clubs in the capital, so they chose the best construction materials and decoration materials. After the construction, they even asked an authoritative organization to carry out a Comprehensive Environmental inspection of the club. The result was that the interior of the club met the standard for opening, and the harmful gases and other indicators were all within the standard range.

In addition, when the club was still under construction, the recruitment and training work had already been carried out simultaneously, so it was basically a seamless link.

Xia ruofei rested for a day. The next morning, he took the Toyota Elfa business car driven by Wu Qiang and headed to the Capital International Airport.

The Paradise Club was going to open tomorrow, and Ling Ji’s private kitchen would also be set up in the club. According to the original agreement, the Ling’s private kitchen of the Beijing paradise society was relatively independent of the Ling’s Dining Group. Ling’s Dining Group was considered to have invested in the company and was mainly responsible for running this paradise society.

As a shareholder, Ling Ji restaurant naturally had to send a representative to attend the opening ceremony.

The representative of Ling Ji restaurant was Ling Xiaotian’s successor, Ling Qingxue.

Xia ruofei had to welcome his girlfriend at the airport since she was in the capital.

Not only that, Xia ruofei had already made arrangements yesterday for the flight crew to coordinate the flight route, so Ling Qingxue had actually taken the public jet paradise today.

After Xia ruofei arrived at the airport, he let Wu Qiang wait in the car while he went to the private aircraft building to handle the procedures. After going through a strict security check, he entered the restricted zone accompanied by the ground staff and directly arrived at the landing strip where paradise was about to land.

If non – Internal staff wanted to enter the tarmac, the procedures were very strict. However, the crew of the peach Garden had their own channels in the Civil Aviation field. Furthermore, they were entering the tarmac to pick up the Paradise. Hence, Xia ruofei did not use his connections in Beijing. Instead, he asked Captain Liu Ancheng to coordinate with them.

The weather today was very good. The blue sky was cloudless, which was very rare in the capital. The field of view on the tarmac was very good, and they could clearly see the planes taking off and landing on the runway in the distance.

Beijing airport was one of the busiest airports in the world. On average, there were more than 1600 flights taking off and landing every day. It was also the second most crowded airport in the world, only second to Atlanta Airport in the United States.

Xia ruofei had only been waiting on the tarmac for a few minutes when more than a dozen planes took off or landed. On average, there was more than one plane taking off and landing every minute. Of course, the Capital International Airport had three runways. It could only achieve such high efficiency when it was running at full speed.