Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

2453 Refined Qi level 9 (2)

Translator: 5496903Once a cultivator broke through, not only would their dantian’s capacity expand, but more importantly, their true Qi would also undergo a qualitative leap. With the same amount of true Qi, there would be a huge difference between a cultivator of the eighth and ninth Qi levels. The density of their true Qi would increase even further.

Wisps of true Qi were continuously compressed in his dantian. The “great Dao Arts” technique did not stop for a moment. The true Qi in his dantian was also approaching the limit of its density.

The spiritual energy within the spirit map was rather abundant. Furthermore, Xia ruofei was within an array that was 70 to 80 times slower than the time of an Archean realm expert. Hence, the spiritual energy consumption per unit of time was tens of times greater.

From Liu chengfeng’s point of view, it was as if a vortex had appeared where Xia ruofei was cultivating. The spiritual Qi around him was being devoured at an extremely fast speed, and there was even a temporary ‘vacuum zone’ of spiritual Qi.

Fortunately, the energy exchange rate between the spirit map space and the chaotic space was very high. It could still maintain such a rapid consumption and did not cause any damage to the foundation of the space. However, the concentration of spiritual energy in the yuanchu realm began to inevitably decrease slowly. The energy formation of the spirit map space could no longer keep up with the speed at which Xia ruofei was consuming his spiritual energy.

Liu chengfeng was dumbfounded. His admiration for Xia ruofei could not be any greater. Especially under the effect of the soul seal, Xia ruofei had become an omnipotent God in his heart.

Although the Archean realm and the mountain and sea realm were relatively independent, they were also closely connected. They were like two connected vessels. The concentration of spirit Qi in the Archean realm started to decrease, and the energy exchange formation couldn’t keep up with Xia ruofei’s consumption rate. Naturally, the spirit Qi in the mountain and sea realm started to flow towards the Archean realm.

The concentration of spiritual energy in a claimed space would always maintain a dynamic balance.

Xia Qing immediately sensed the change. With a flash, she arrived at the Archean realm.

At first, he thought that something had gone wrong with Liu chengfeng’s cultivation. However, the moment he reached the Archean realm, he saw Xia ruofei cultivating in the time array.

Xia Qing’s expression was grave as she stood by the pond, closely watching Xia ruofei’s situation.

At the same time, Xia Qing also took out a few crystals from the warehouse where Xia ruofei stored his important supplies. Once the spiritual Qi concentration dropped to a dangerous level, he would decisively set up a spirit gathering formation around Xia ruofei and use the spiritual Qi in the crystals to maintain Xia ruofei’s cultivation.

Because the mountain and sea realm covered a large area, the total amount of spirit Qi in the spirit map space was also very large. Even though they had been “replenishing” their blood toward the area where the concentration of spirit Qi was low, in general, the spirit Qi in the entire spirit map space had not decreased by much.

Xia ruofei could not feel the passage of time as he was cultivating.

He didn’t know how much time had passed, but he was immersed in his cultivation state. He didn’t know that Liu chengfeng had been shocked by his cultivation method of swallowing spiritual Qi like a whale, and that it had also shocked Xia Qing.

In fact, if Xia ruofei did not have the realization of breaking through, no matter how hard he cultivated, he would not be able to make any progress. A bottleneck was a bottleneck because it was difficult to break through. In the end, he might even cultivate for half a day without any change in his genuine Qi because his dantian was already full.

Only by sensing the opportunity for a breakthrough could it be possible to break through the bottleneck in one go by continuously compressing the true Qi through cultivation.

Xia ruofei continued to cultivate in the array for more than ten hours.

Finally, he felt that a layer of shackles had been broken, and he had a feeling of satisfaction.

When the shackles were broken, the genuine Qi in Xia ruofei’s body flowed faster and his dantian began to expand slowly.

Xia ruofei was slightly happy, but he quickly collected his thoughts and continued to operate the “great Dao technique”.

The process of the breakthrough lasted for almost an hour.

During this process, Xia ruofei felt as if he was soaking in a hot spring. Every pore on his body was filled with comfort.

All the meridians involved in the first level of the “great Dao Arts” had been widened during the process of this breakthrough. At the same time, they had also become tougher.

The expansion and strengthening of the meridians meant that they could withstand more and more powerful true Qi.

After his dantian expanded, it seemed to have become much emptier.

The true Qi in his dantian had also been compressed to the extreme during the breakthrough process, and a qualitative change finally appeared.

The true Qi of lianqi level 9 was obviously more condensed than when he was at lianqi level 8. Xia ruofei roughly sensed that the same amount of true Qi was at least twice as powerful as before. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Besides the strengthening of his Energy Center and meridians, Xia ruofei felt that his body had also been tempered after he had reached refined Qi level 9. He was much stronger.

Especially in the process of breaking through, when the genuine Qi was transforming the meridians, a part of it seemed to seep into the muscles and internal organs, strengthening Xia ruofei’s entire body to a certain extent.

He knew that this was something that would definitely happen when one was about to reach the peak of the refinement stage. The next time would be when he broke through a major realm, and at that time, the strengthening of his body would be even more obvious.

Due to the expansion of his dantian and the condensation of his true Qi, Xia ruofei could clearly feel that his dantian was much emptier. He was feeling an obvious ‘hunger’.

Xia ruofei prepared to continue cultivating. On one hand, he wanted to fill up his empty dantian. On the other hand, he wanted to consolidate his cultivation.

However, he suddenly frowned.

Xia ruofei could feel that the spiritual Qi in the surroundings had decreased slightly.

He raised his head and saw Xia Qing standing on the shore with a worried look on her face, watching him.

Xia ruofei thought for a while and gave up on his cultivation plan. He stood up and walked out of the time formation. In a flash, he appeared by the pool.

Seeing Xia ruofei stop cultivating, Xia Qing quickly bowed and called out,””Master!”

Xia ruofei nodded and asked,””Why do I feel that the concentration of spirit Qi in the space has decreased?”

Xia Qing revealed a bitter smile and said,””Master, the speed at which you absorb spirit Qi during your cultivation is too fast. The energy exchange between the spirit map world and the chaos Space can’t keep up with your absorption speed, so the concentration of spirit Qi will naturally decline. Fortunately, you haven’t been cultivating for a long time, and the total amount of spirit Qi in the spirit map world is relatively large, so it won’t harm the foundation of the spirit map world. ”

Xia ruofei raised his eyebrows in surprise and asked,”I was absorbing it so quickly just now? By right, there shouldn’t be a problem for the spirit map world to support the cultivation of several Qi refinement cultivators together!”

Xia Qing was stunned and pouted at Xia ruofei’s time formation flag that had not been removed.

Xia ruofei suddenly understood.

The time array flag didn’t accelerate to the limit. It created a difference of 70 to 80 times time flow.

Compared to those at the Archean realm, the rate of spirit Qi consumption per unit time was 70 – 80 times faster.

To put it more vividly, it was equivalent to 70 to 80 Xia ruofeis cultivating at the same time. Moreover, it was a cultivation breakthrough that consumed a lot of spiritual Qi.

This was similar to the time array when he was cultivating the heart condensing grass in the past. In order to prevent the spiritual Qi consumption in the spirit map space from shaking the foundation, a spirit gathering array had to be set up outside the time array, and spiritual crystals were used to supply the spiritual Qi consumption of the array.

It was no wonder that the spirit Qi concentration in the spirit map world had begun to decline slowly.

Xia ruofei revealed an awkward smile.

Fortunately, the process of breaking through was not very long. Over ten hours inside the formation was equivalent to a few minutes in the primal region.

It was just that it had consumed spiritual energy that would normally take more than ten hours in a few minutes, so it looked a little scary.

Xia ruofei said,”it’s fine. I’ll remove the time array flags immediately.” I just wanted to save some time, but I didn’t expect to cause such a big commotion. ”

With that, Xia ruofei dismissed the time formation.

Only a few minutes had passed since he reached the Archean realm. To Song Wei, who was in the outside world, the time spent was less than a minute. She probably had just sat down at the door and had not even turned a page of her book! Hence, Xia ruofei was not in a hurry.

After he removed the time formation, he rested for a while by the spatial spirit pond. When he felt the concentration of spirit Qi in the spatial space slowly rise back to a relatively saturated state, he returned to the open space in front of the Linglong Pagoda in a flash and sat down cross – legged to consolidate his cultivation.

He didn’t dare to use time formation flags this time.