Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

2513 The power of the East continues to show its might (1)

On Saturday afternoon, the El prart Stadium of Barcelona, Spain, was almost full. The fans in the traditional blue and white team uniform were singing and dancing in the stands as if they were celebrating a grand festival.

It was hard to imagine that a domestic mid to mid – tier Super League team could have such a high attendance rate.

Moreover, many of these fans had been supporting the same team for several generations. No matter how the team performed, even if it was relegated, they would not change their determination.

In contrast, the domestic football culture still needed to be cultivated. L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

In the changing room, Wu Lei was inexplicably excited. This was his first time on the LA Liga roster since his transfer.

Although he was not in the starting lineup, Ruby had made it clear when he laid out the tactics. If the team was leading, Wu Lei would be replaced at the end of the second half. First, he wanted Wu Lei to feel the rhythm and atmosphere of La Liga. Second, he hoped to use Wu Lei’s characteristics to help the team. Once the score fell behind, vallecaro would definitely make a big counterattack. After all, RCD Espanyol was not a strong team, even if it was an away team. Valekano wanted to at least win a draw and one point, otherwise it would be a complete failure for them.

Through this period of understanding, especially his observations during training, Ruby had a relatively accurate grasp of Wu Lei’s characteristics.

Wu Lei’s technique in front of the goal was a little lacking. His ability to dribble the ball to break through and his physical confrontation ability was also slightly worse. However, Wu Lei’s strengths were also very obvious, which was his speed, good awareness, and flexible running position.

Therefore, Wu Lei was often able to run through the gaps in the game. When he was in the Chinese Super League, Wu Lei got a lot of single – Blade balls. It was also because of this that the number of times he missed single – Blade balls appeared to be more, and he was even criticized by the fans. However, on the other hand, if it wasn’t for Wu Lei’s awareness of running, it might have been impossible for anyone else to get so many chances to be solo.

In the LA Liga, the opponent’s understanding of Wu Lei was almost zero.

Some sports media even bluntly stated that the Spanish clubs had signed Wu Lei because of the huge Chinese market behind him. In fact, his ability was not enough to establish himself in La Liga.

In this case, it was a good choice to use Wu Lei as a surprise. If the opponent was unprepared and caught off guard, they were likely to be hit from behind by the Spanish team.

Wu Lei knew that he was likely to have a chance to play in this game, and his mood could not calm down for a long time.

As the manager had to lay out the tactics, the interpreter was allowed to enter the locker room. Although the interpreter kept talking about Ruby’s tactical arrangement in Wu Lei’s ear, Wu Lei did not really listen to it. His mind was in a half – confused state.

This was rare for a 27 – year – old player, not to mention that Wu Lei had been training in the Chinese Super League for many years and had even won the best goalscorer in the Chinese Super League. However, when he came to the Spanish club, he seemed to be a newcomer again. Even his mentality was a bit like that of a young player.

When the players came out to warm up, the away players were greeted with a sky full of boos, while the Spanish players were greeted with cheers when they walked out of the passage.

Wu Lei listened to the singing and cheering of the audience. He felt that it was both real and unreal.

Wu Lei could experience this level of cheering once every two weeks in China, but this time he was wearing the Spanish team’s traditional blue and white uniform. Standing in the LA Liga arena, the feeling was completely different.

After the warm – up, the main players re – entered the players ‘passageway to wait, while the substitutes went straight to the substitutes’ bench and sat down.

After a while, the players from both sides, led by the referee team, stepped into the court, followed by the “song of fair play.” Then they played the coin toss and went back to their own half to prepare.

With the whistle of the referee, the 23rd round of the Spain Football League First Division against vallecaro officially began.

……

In the capital, thousands of miles away.

The match was being broadcasted live in a studio inside the PP company building.

PP sports had won the exclusive network broadcasting rights for La Liga this season. Originally, the broadcasting rights for La Liga were only one of the big IP for soccer in the entire PP sports. However, ever since the news of Wu Lei’s transfer came out, the exclusive network broadcasting rights for La Liga had become very popular. It could be said that PP company had made a lot of money.

It was also because Wu Lei had transferred in the middle of the season, when the broadcasting rights had already been settled. Otherwise, at the same price, PP companies would definitely not be able to get it, and domestic competitors would definitely try to snatch it at all costs.

However, now that the broadcasting rights had been decided, they could only watch as PP company was envious. If they wanted to fight for it, they could only look at the next season.

Originally, due to the time difference between the broadcasts of La Liga and real Madrid, the broadcast time was not very friendly to the Chinese audience. It was basically two or threeo’ clock in the morning. Unless it was a hardcore fan or a popular game, such as the National Derby between Barcelona and real Madrid, there would not be many netizens watching the live broadcast.

However, for today’s game, the LA Liga officials had adjusted the broadcast time. The game would kick off in the afternoon, local time in Barcelona. In China, it was midnight. Although it was still a little late, it was already a pretty good time to watch the game for many fans. The poor Chinese fans were used to enduring the time difference to watch the live broadcast of high – Level games.