Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

2529 If the gods help (2)

As for physical fitness, it could be slowly trained. He could play in the starting lineup for 60 minutes and be replaced, or he could simply come on as a substitute at the start of the second half. In short, there were many options.Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Ruby was still very satisfied with the transfer. Compared to Wu Lei’s transfer fee and the tactical effect of his team, he was indeed a good deal.

The match continued.

Finally, Wu Lei got a chance to take the ball. It was a precise straight ball from mark Rocca in the backfield.

However, the gap was not big this time. When Wu Lei got the ball and cut inside, the opposing center back, Naldo, had already closed in.

Naldo was the Spanish team’s main center back. The black center back did not look very strong, but he was actually very strong. His positioning was also very accurate. He was the iron gate of the Spanish backfield.

If it was in the past, Wu Lei would definitely transfer the ball away when he encountered such a situation. His teammates next to him would have already run and prepared to receive him.

However, this time, Wu Lei’s choice was beyond everyone’s expectations. Wu Lei protected the ball by his side, and then his shoulder leaned toward Naldo’s direction. He was actually actively seeking a physical confrontation.

Wu Lei’s choice was exactly what Naldo wanted. He also leaned over with his shoulder heavily. This was a reasonable collision. Even in an official game, the referee would not call for a foul.

Naldo thought that with Wu Lei’s small body, he would be sent flying and would not be able to stabilize himself.

However, just as their bodies touched, Naldo felt as if he had been hit by a bull. He lost control of his body and fell to the ground.

Several players could not help but be stunned when they saw this scene because Naldo’s fall posture was too exaggerated, especially when he was fighting against Wu Lei. It was a little too fake to fall like this.

Moreover, it was just a shoulder collision, and Wu Lei didn’t make any additional movements. Even in an official game, such a confrontation was absolutely in line with the rules. No referee would blow the whistle, and it was impossible to trick a foul!

Wu Lei was not dazed. After he knocked Naldo away, he took the opportunity to dribble the ball into the penalty area. Before the second back woke up from his dream and made up for it, he immediately pulled his leg and shot.

The football shot straight to the upper left corner of the goal like a cannonball. Everyone only felt a blur in front of their eyes, then heard a clang, and then saw the ball spinning in the net.

This shot was very powerful, so the ball was very fast. Moreover, the distance of the shot was so close that even the goalkeeper had almost no reaction. He just subconsciously stretched out his hand and did not make any saving action at all.

Wu Lei waved his arms excitedly after the goal.

Although it was a goal during training, the confrontation with Naldo made Wu Lei feel an obvious improvement.

It could be said that his current body could fully meet the requirements of La Liga matches. If he insisted on practicing that set of body – tempering movements, it would be basically impossible for the defenders in La Liga to eat him alive in the future.

What made Wu Lei even happier was that he felt that his improvement was not only in physical strength and other aspects. Just now, from receiving the ball, stopping the ball, breaking through, confrontation, all the way to shooting. Throughout the entire process, he could clearly feel that his body’s flexibility and coordination had also improved to varying degrees.

When he dribbled the ball at high speed, changed directions, and shot with great force, his control of power was clearly better than before. It was also because of this that he managed to score a beautiful goal.

In the past, whenever Wu Lei had an opportunity, his first series of operations would be as fierce as a Tiger, and his last shot would be an anti – aircraft cannon shot. There were many reasons for this, including his lack of physical strength and his poor psychological quality.

But this time, he had completed it almost perfectly. On one hand, his physical fitness had been improved in all aspects, and on the other hand, his self – confidence had naturally increased a lot while he had improved.

It was no exaggeration to say that because he had practiced the body – tempering movements of the little golden man, Wu Lei had risen from a second – or third – rate striker who could barely stand in the top European leagues to a higher level all of a sudden. Moreover, he still had a lot of room for development in the future.

As Wu Lei ran towards the ring, he turned his head to look at the side of the court. He saw Xia ruofei smiling and clapping. He could not help but cast a grateful look at Xia ruofei.

Head coach Ruby was also a little surprised. He was also a little surprised by Wu Lei’s goal, but he did not think too much about it. He just thought that Naldo might not be able to stand firm because of the field. Anyway, he definitely would not have thought that Wu Lei’s physical fitness today could already go head to head with Naldo. It was simply unimaginable.

Only Naldo himself rubbed his painful shoulders after he stood up. He looked at Wu Lei’s back in confusion.

He didn’t know if he was bewitched. How could he not even be able to withstand Wu Lei’s small body?

At this time, the assistant manager blew the whistle again to kick off. Naldo shook his head and focused his attention on the game.

After the game resumed, Wu Lei’s chances of getting the ball gradually increased.

Everyone felt that Wu Lei was in good form today. Most importantly, Wu Lei finally dared to take the ball and no longer passed it out immediately after receiving it.

With Wu Lei as the receiving point in the front field, their side gradually took the initiative.

Although Wu Lei did not succeed every time he took the ball, he had changed a lot compared to before. His awareness was very good and his vision was wider. Even if he did not have a good chance, he could resist the opposing defenders in time and then send the ball to a more threatening position.

Naldo deliberately looked for opportunities to fight against Wu Lei a few times, but he did not manage to win. He had almost never succeeded in defending against Wu Lei’s head – on attacks. Moreover, he felt pain everywhere on his body. He guessed that many places were bruised.

Naldo could not help but feel depressed. He could not help but look at Wu Lei, who was still active, and thought to himself,’is this guy on steroids today?’ How could he be so fierce!

In the beginning, Naldo thought that it was because it was not an official game, so he was not very excited. However, later on, he obviously had a competitive heart. He also knew that Wu Lei was very fierce today. He tried his best to defend every time, but he still could not get the upper hand, which made him a little depressed.

Ruby only allowed Wu Lei to play half of the game, and the half of the match only had 30 minutes to check a player’s condition. 30 minutes was enough.

Obviously, Wu Lei’s state of mind was burning.

In addition, Wu Lei had been running up and down from the start of the game, so he could be seen on both offense and defense. Ruby was worried that he would fight too hard during the team competitions, which would cause physical problems or injuries, which would not be worth it.

In fact, Wu Lei felt that he was at ease. He was still not satisfied with bringing him off in the first half of the game, even if he scored a goal, assisted a goal, and created a penalty kick in the 30 minutes.

This penalty shot was also during his one – on – one fight with Naldo. He used a very fast pace in the penalty area to poke the ball in the instant before Naldo went up to grab the ball. Naldo’s up grab directly tripped Wu Lei’s leg.

“Leizi! Good job!” Xia ruofei said to Wu Lei with a smile.

Wu Lei smiled shyly and said,””This is just an internal confrontation. The intensity isn’t high.”

“I think everyone’s giving it their all, but they just can’t stop you!” Xia ruofei laughed and said,”the improvement is very obvious! Keep it up!”

“Yes, yes!” Wu Lei nodded heavily and said.

“Alright, hurry up and take a shower. Change into dry clothes. Don’t catch a cold!” Xia ruofei said,”director Zhou and I should leave too!”