Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

2531 Amazing stability_2

“You’re too humble!” Zhou leiyun said,”we’re all aware of Liu Dong’s situation this time. If I were in his shoes, I would definitely be at my wits ‘end as well. The fact that you can help him settle this matter fully proves your ability!”

“Fine, fine, fine. If you say I’m good, then I’ll be good!” Xia ruofei said with a bitter smile.

Zhou leiyun vaguely knew that Xia ruofei’s background in China was terrifying. However, he did not expect that Xia ruofei’s influence would still be so strong even after leaving China. He knew about Italy. The Chinese who could speak in the local area must have a club background, and it had to be a big club. Otherwise, many European countries were xenophobic, and ordinary Chinese clubs would not have much influence.

Xia ruofei’s phone call was enough to make the Chinese society, which was powerful enough to influence the Italy police, step in. This already explained the problem.

However, Xia ruofei did not intend to talk about this for long and quickly changed the topic.

……

In the evening, Ruby was still working overtime in the manager’s office of the RCD Espanyol club.

The computer screen in front of him was playing a video.

This was the video of this morning’s internal team competition, but the staff had already edited it. It was all about Wu Lei.

Ruby had watched it many times.

Through the edited video, Wu Lei’s performance in those 30 minutes could be clearly seen.

Ruby briefly summarized that in the 30 minutes of half of the game, Wu Lei had five confrontations with Naldo alone, four of which ended with Wu Lei’s victory. Among the four successful confrontations and breakthroughs, one of them had a chance to shoot directly and scored a goal, and the other one had created a penalty kick.

The only breakthrough failed. In fact, Wu Lei still had the upper hand in the physical confrontation. Naldo relied on his rich experience. When his body lost its center of gravity and was about to fall to the ground, he still managed to stretch out his foot to poke the ball and completed the defense with difficulty.

In addition, Wu Lei also faced other defenders head – on.

Except for the physical confrontation, Wu Lei’s running position, dribbling, passing the ball, shooting … All his technical movements were full of confidence. Compared to yesterday’s game, it was as if he was a different person.

Although the pace and intensity of the team’s internal games might not be as good as official games, as an experienced manager, Ruby could naturally see that the players had put in 120% of their effort in the first 30 minutes of today’s game because the club owner was present. They all wanted to perform well in front of the club owner and the manager. Therefore, in the 30 minutes that Wu Lei played, the pace was not slow. The physical confrontations were also very intense. Everyone was fighting for real.

Under such circumstances, Wu Lei was undoubtedly the most eye – catching player in the 30 – minute game, so much so that Ruby was worried that he would not be able to take it or get injured in an accident, so he did not let him play in the second half.

Of course, from another point of view, Wu Lei’s performance was perfect enough, so Ruby didn’t need to observe him for a longer time.

If he had watched Wu Lei’s performance on the sidelines during the day, it was an intuitive feeling. Now, he was sitting in front of the big screen computer in the office and watching all of Wu Lei’s performances. Ruby was really surprised.

The statistics would not lie. Wu Lei’s 30 – minute running distance, the number of times he touched the ball, the success rate of his passes, the number of breakthroughs and the success rate, the number of shots, the number of shots … Some of the statistics were among the best among all the players who had played.

However, even though Ruby was happy, he couldn’t understand why Wu Lei’s physical resistance had changed so much overnight. Also, if he kept using that playing style, how long could Wu Lei last in an official game? Can you play the entire game?

With these questions in mind, Ruby made a decision in his heart. Tomorrow, he would ask the physical coach and the team doctor to do a comprehensive test for Wu Lei to see how his physical strength and physical reserves were.

It could be said that Wu Lei’s 30 – minute performance had convinced the head coach, Ruby. If his physical condition allowed it, Ruby had already decided to put Wu Lei in the starting lineup.

If Piatti’s injury had forced Ruby to passively put Wu Lei in the starting lineup as one of his options, then the situation was completely different now. Even if Piatti was still healthy, Ruby would still consider letting Wu Lei try to play in the starting lineup.

In the field of competitive sports, the rules were actually very simple. Everything was decided by strength!

Ruby watched Wu Lei’s “half – Court highlights” a few more times, then wrote a few words in his notebook before turning off the video.

Ruby immediately opened another video.

If Xia ruofei was here, he would be very surprised that the video was of him tossing the ball on the sidelines and then competing with mark Rocca for a long – ranged free kick.

The club would set up cameras on the sidelines during training to record the training process. When the coaching staff needed it, they could watch these videos at any time to analyze the players ‘conditions in a more in – depth way.

Just as Xia ruofei was tossing the ball, the camera near the opposite side of the field captured everything.

And when he competed with Rocca for a free kick, an assistant manager even moved the camera over and took a shot from several angles.

Ruby’s main focus was on the free – kick part. Basic skills such as bouncing were not much. Of course, from the standard of an amateur football fan, Xia ruofei’s bouncing was undoubtedly very, very good.

The video had been edited as well. The shots of marcrock’s free throws had been cut out, leaving only Xia ruofei’s free throws.

After watching it a few times, Ruby couldn’t help but grab the mouse and drag the video into the editing software.

Ruby had been an assistant manager and a youth training coach, so a simple video clip was not difficult for him.

Ruby edited the video again in a short while. He didn’t even wait for the video to be regenerated and watched it directly with the preview function on the editing software.

Ruby mainly edited the first nine free kicks from Xia ruofei.

The original video was shot from several angles, and the process of each free kick was repeated from multiple angles.

Ruby edited the scene of every free kick from the same angle and divided the screen into nine equal sections. Each small window showed different free kicks from the same angle.

Ruby moved his eyes closer to the screen and looked at it carefully. His eyes gradually widened, and his face showed a shocked expression.

After the editing, Ruby immediately noticed that Xia ruofei’s free kicks were almost identical.

From his footwork, the degree of his body’s tilt, the flight trajectory of the football, and the position of the football’s final goal, it was almost like a copy and paste.

Ruby couldn’t help but play the pictures from other shooting angles, which were even more obvious after comparison.

Ruby leaned back in his chair and took a deep breath.

It was nothing to kick a free kick like that. If they were lucky, even an amateur player could score. And to kick all nine balls in, a player with better footwork could do it. But the nine free kicks were almost exactly the same, which was a little scary.

There was only one explanation for such an effect. Xia ruofei’s stability in kicking the ball was extremely strong. His grasp of strength and rotation was stable to an amazing extent.Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Ruby had a look of disbelief. He could not believe that this was done by a man who had not played professional football for a day. He firmly believed that even Free Kick Masters like Zidane and Beckham, or the Ronaldo who was very good at elevator balls, might not be able to achieve such stability.

Ruby sat in his chair in silence, and a crazy idea suddenly appeared in his mind.