Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

2535 Special inheritance_2

Xia ruofei did not know whether to laugh or cry. His original intention was to not take a single cent. When the team really needed him, he would play for a match or two. It was a simple matter. However, Zhou leiyun’s actions had complicated the simple matter.

However, Xia ruofei did not reject Zhou leiyun’s good intentions. He just nodded his head helplessly in agreement.

Jiang Xiaochen said happily,”I understand, director Zhou!” After you’ve set the specific terms, I’ll bring it to you and President Xia for a look! Also ... There were no problems with the conditions that President Xia had just mentioned. They could all be written in the contract. President Xia, do you have any other requests?”

Xia ruofei thought for a moment and said,””That’s all I can think of for now. By the way, please tell manager Ruby that although I’m a shareholder of the club, if he puts me on the list of players for the game, he’ll have the final say on whether or not I’ll play! Don’t worry about my identity. In addition, the manager will be the main player in the game. Even if I sit in the substitutes ‘bench, I will not interfere with his command of the game. ”

“Alright! Alright!” Jiang Xiaochen quickly replied,”I’ll tell coach Ruby!” President Xia, thank you again!”

Xia ruofei waved his hand and said,””I’m doing this for the club ... We have a chance to qualify for the European tournament this season! I hope my joining will help the team!”

Jiang Xiaochen replied,”definitely!” Director Xia, director Zhou, I’ll take my leave first!”

Xia ruofei nodded, and Jiang Xiaochen would be busy from now on. Xia ruofei’s registration as a player and the drafting of the contract involved a lot of tedious work.

However, Jiang Xiaochen’s efficiency was still very high. In just three days, the Espanyol club’s team was very professional and quickly settled the registration. At the same time, they took out the contract that was specially tailored for Xia ruofei and presented it to Xia ruofei and Zhou leiyun.

Xia ruofei’s requests were all written in the contract.

As for the prize money, as long as Xia ruofei was on the list, the club would pay him 50000 euros for each game. If a substitute came on, the appearance fee would become 80000 euros; If he were to be the starting player, the appearance fee would be increased to 100000 euros.

If Xia ruofei scored a goal in the game, he would receive a goal bonus of 100000 euros for each goal, and this was only the base bonus. If he scored a goal that changed the outcome of the game in the Derby or the key game to avoid relegation, there would be an increase of 100000 euros on the basis of the bonus. The highest increase would be 200%, which was 200000 euros.

In addition, if the team achieved some milestones, Xia ruofei would also receive corresponding rewards, such as a 100000 euro bonus for successfully staying in the league; Entering the UEFA Europa League qualification tournament would earn him 200000 euros. Entering the actual UEFA Europa League would earn him an additional 100000 euros. After entering the actual UEFA Europa League, there would be different milestones such as advancing from the group stage, the top eight, the top four ... Until they won the championship. If they did not make any progress, there would be additional rewards. In general, if the team won the next season’s UEFA Europa League Championship for the first time, Xia ruofei would receive a milestone bonus of one million euros. This did not include the appearance fee and goal bonus during the competition.

Of course, the probability of such a thing happening was very, very low. Right now, Spain was still struggling near the relegation line, and the hope of entering the UEFA Europa League qualification tournament next season was very slim.

There were also other milestones, such as the top few places in the league, which each set a corresponding level of prize money. If they won the league title, they would receive a grand prize of 10 million euros. In Xia ruofei’s opinion, this was purely to make the contract more rigorous. With Barcelona, Real Madrid, Atletico Madrid, and the current strength of the RCD Espanyol, the probability of them winning the league title in recent years was infinitely close to zero.

In terms of personal achievements, there were also very detailed bonus terms.

For example, being selected for the official best lineup for the current round, a prize of 50000 euros; He was officially selected as the best player on the spot with a bonus of 50000 euros. The goal became one of the top ten official goals of the round with a bonus of 50000 euros. Selected for the season’s best squad, 200000 euros; The goal was selected for the official top ten goals of the season, and the prize for each goal was 100000 euros and so on.

When Xia ruofei saw the terms of the bonus, he felt a little dizzy. He felt that the bonus was too high. He had originally wanted to play around and help the Spanish team. He had no intention of making money through this. Now, the standard of the bonus was close to the world’s top star players.

Xia ruofei asked Zhou leiyun to lower the bonus but was firmly rejected. He felt that Xia ruofei had not collected any signing fees or salary. If the bonus was not higher, it would be an insult to Xia ruofei and it would not match his ability. If that was the case, the Spanish club would rather not sign Xia ruofei.

Seeing Zhou leiyun’s firm attitude, Xia ruofei had no choice but to accept the standard bonus for top players.

As for the other contents of the contract, they were the same as what Xia ruofei had suggested. He had a quick look and signed his name.

From that moment on, Xia ruofei was officially a professional footballer under the Spanish team. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Of course, as a “professional footballer,” he was not “professional” at all. He did not even participate in the team’s daily training and did not stay in Spain most of the time. He would only fly over to help play a few games when the team needed him and he agreed to it.

Xia ruofei specifically instructed Jiang Xiaochen not to hold any press conferences or fan meetings about his joining of Espanyol. He did not even announce his joining of the team on the official website. He had to keep a low profile as much as possible.

Of course, even though the official website did not announce it, Xia ruofei still had to choose a jersey number. This jersey number had to be recorded in advance.

The Jersey numbers that symbolized the main players in the middle and front field, such as No. 7, No. 9, No. 10, and No. 11, already had owners. Wu Lei joined Espanyol at the winter window and wore the number 24 jersey.

Xia ruofei was not particular about the Jersey, so he simply asked for the number 25 Jersey that was next to Wu Lei ‘s.

This made Wu Lei a little embarrassed to tell the other players that they might not know about this extremely strange signing, but Wu Lei was in a favorable position and he already knew about it.

Wu Lei felt that it was inappropriate for Xia ruofei to be ranked behind him even though he had taken the number 24 jersey. He even took the initiative to exchange numbers with Xia ruofei. Anyway, he liked number 7 the most. When the RCD Espanyol’s main center – forward, iglasias, was still on the team, this number would definitely not be his. Since he could not get his favorite number, number 24 and number 25 were no different to him.

However, Xia ruofei refused firmly. Wu Lei’s jersey number had been announced a long time ago. The Jersey had just been displayed at the joining ceremony not long ago. It had only been a few days since he changed his number. Who knew what the domestic fans would think!

Besides, Xia ruofei had always wanted to keep a low profile. Even though he could not keep a low profile after the competition and it would definitely cause a wave of discussion, he did not want to attract too much attention before that.

However, there was no such thing as an impervious wall in the world. Xia ruofei had to be registered with the Spanish football Association to become a player of the Spanish club. Soon, the media found out that the Spanish club had quietly brought in a forward player with the registered name “XIA ruofei.” From the name, he looked like a Chinese player. He was only one jersey number different from the Chinese player, Wu Lei, who had joined a few days ago. Naturally, it would cause people to have wild thoughts.

Soon, some of the Spain sports media, including The Sports Daily and marca, reported the matter in their respective newspapers.