Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

2537 Guess who I am (2)

This “XIA RUOFEI” was not a registered player of the Chinese Football Association, which was also within the expectations of the fans. After all, as long as a domestic player had a little fame and strength, there would be a fan group. The only difference was the size of the group. After the news of this “XIA ruofei” was exposed, no one on the internet had heard of this player, which meant that this player was likely to have played abroad since he was a child.

In any case, the name had a strong Chinese characteristic. The possibility of him being a Chinese player or a Chinese player was more than 99%.

The fans played with their imagination and participated in the “guess who I am” game with great interest.

Many netizens also mentioned Xia ruofei. After all, his name was exactly the same as “XIA RUOFEI”. Moreover, he had watched the game at the home stadium of RCD Espanyol a few days ago and had a meal with Wu Lei.

However, this speculation by a few netizens did not receive the support of the majority of fans. The reason was the same as what was previously said. Xia ruofei’s identity and his identity as a professional player were too different.

There were constant discussions and speculations about “XIA RUOFEI” on the domestic internet, but the initiator, Xia ruofei, was still leisurely living in a hotel in Barcelona, Spain.

The second batch of employees from paradise Corporation, who had come to Spain for a holiday, had arrived in Barcelona two days ago. This group of employees was led by Xue Jinshan and they were still staying at the Grand Central Hotel where Xia ruofei was staying.

Xia ruofei met up with his employees. After touring around with them for half a day, he did not follow the team to explore the famous attractions in Barcelona. He had explored most of the places for the past few days. He also knew that if he followed a large group of people, the employees would not be able to relax and enjoy themselves to the fullest.

As such, he decided to just “have fun with the people” for half a day as a symbol, and left the rest of the staff’s schedule to Zhou leiyun’s subordinates to arrange.

Anyway, Zhou leiyun’s men would make the necessary arrangements, and Xue Jinshan would be leading the team. Xia ruofei was more at ease.

These few days, the club was busy with Xia ruofei’s registration procedures and other things. Xia ruofei did not need to show up much. He only took some time to go to the club to take a set of makeup photos and a short dynamic video of him wearing the blue and white number 25 Home Jersey.

In the future, if he really entered the game’s squad list, whether he was a starting player or a substitute, he would need to provide the player’s makeup photos to the broadcaster, which had to be displayed during the broadcast process.

Besides, once Xia ruofei entered the arena, his identity would no longer be kept a secret. The club’s official website would also update his information at the same time, and this photo would be useful.

Other than this small matter, Xia ruofei basically did not need to show his face for other matters.

He simply asked Jiang Xiaochen to find him some materials on learning Spanish. There were both written and audio materials, and they all started from the beginner level.

Xia ruofei was thinking that if they were really going to compete, they should be able to understand what their teammates were saying, or at least be able to communicate with simple words. Besides, it was not a bad thing to master another language. It was no burden to have more skills!

Since he had cultivated his spiritual power, Xia ruofei’s brain was more developed. Hence, he could learn and memorize things much faster than before.

Although Spanish was a completely foreign language to Xia ruofei, he had mastered a large number of common vocabulary in just two to three days, especially professional vocabulary in the field of football. He had put more emphasis on memorizing it. Besides, he had learned pronunciation and grammar from videos and audio, and his speed was quite fast.

Jiang Xiaochen, who was in charge of following up on this matter, was shocked by Xia ruofei’s learning speed. He even thought that Xia ruofei had learned Spanish before and was just joking with him, so he pretended to be a beginner who knew nothing.

However, Jiang Xiaochen still vividly remembered how clumsy and strenuous Xia ruofei was when he first got the learning materials and tried to learn the pronunciation of the Western language. If that was an act, then Xia ruofei’s acting was really good.

In the end, Jiang Xiaochen had no choice but to accept the fact that Xia ruofei was a language genius. Anyway, it was already surprising enough that a rich boss like Xia ruofei could Cross Worlds and play the top professional football. It didn’t matter what jaw – dropping skills he had.

Jiang Xiaochen even suggested that Xia ruofei learn Catalan.

Barcelona, where the Spanish club was located, was located in the Catalan region. The local players in this region must all speak Catalan.

However, Xia ruofei gave it a thought and decided to continue to study Spanish.

Catalan and Spanish were like Chinese and dialect. People who could speak Spanish could understand Catalan. People who could speak these two languages could communicate easily. Xia ruofei felt that there was no need for him to learn another language.

Soon, it was Thursday.

The team would fly to Valencia, Spain’s third – largest city, on Friday and challenge the bat Legion, valentian, in an away match at 8 p.m. Local time on Saturday.

Valencia was an old and strong team with a long history. They had won six la Spain titles and eight kings ‘Cup titles. They had also achieved good results in the European tournament, winning the second place in the UEFA Champions League and the UEFA Europa League.

On paper, Espanyol was definitely no match for Valencia, so the possibility of them returning in defeat in the away game was not small. It was also part of their plan to not get many points from the Valencia team.

According to the agreement, Xia ruofei was not required to participate in the competition.

However, Ruby considered the fact that Xia ruofei was in Spain for the next few days. If he needed Xia ruofei for some matches in the future, he would have to fly all the way from China. As for the match against Valencia, he did not need to travel all the way.

Moreover, when they faced Valencia, they would definitely play defensive counterattack. If they counterattacked quickly, the opponent might commit a tactical foul before the counterattack player entered the threat zone to stop the counterattack.

At this time, it was very likely to be Xia ruofei’s chance. He was more than 30 meters away and had a terrifyingly stable and accurate free kick technique. What the opposing players thought was “outside the threat area” might actually be within Xia ruofei’s shooting range.

Therefore, after careful consideration, Ruby decided to ask Xia ruofei’s opinion if he could participate in the competition.

Xia ruofei did not hesitate and agreed to Ruby’s request to include him in the team’s list of away league matches.

Considering that he might be playing in a game on Saturday night, Xia ruofei made a special trip to Dani hark Sports City on Thursday to participate in the team’s training.

Wu Lei and Xia ruofei were in the same car. They had arrived at the training ground from the hotel.

After the two of them got out of the car, they chatted as they walked to the locker room, where they would change into their training suits and then come to the training ground for today’s training.

The two of them arrived a little early. After they changed, most of the players had not arrived yet, so they left the locker room first and headed to the training ground not far away.

As soon as they stepped out, Xia ruofei and Wu Lei saw markelka, who was dressed in casual clothes and had large headphones on, walking over while shaking his head.

Xia ruofei smiled and waved at mark Roca. Mark Roca took a look and realized that the person beside Wu Lei was Xia ruofei. He quickly took off his headphones.

“Hey! Good Morning! Rocca!” Xia ruofei greeted him in fluent Spanish.

Rocca’s eyes immediately widened. With a look of disbelief, he asked,”Mr. Xia, you ... You can speak Spanish?”F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com