Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

2548 First goal in La Liga_1

The higher – ups of the peach blossom company sat in front of the television with a dumbfounded expression. There were also fans among the employees of the peach blossom company who stayed up late to watch the game. When they saw Xia ruofei, they were completely stunned at first. When they came back to their senses, their first reaction was similar to Dong Yun ‘s. They hurriedly picked up their phones and called their friends.

Who cared what time it was at this time?

Soon, the work WeChat groups of peach blossom company became more and more lively. At this time, it was still dark outside the window, the darkest time before dawn.

The Internet in China was also bustling with activity.

The number of posts on Weibo, Tieba, and forums was rising, and the traffic was rising rapidly. The curve was very steep, and it soon even exceeded the traffic during the prime time at night.

Xia ruofei’s Weibo was flooded with a large number of netizens. They all left comments under Xia ruofei’s latest post, which was the one where he took a photo with Wu Lei.

The number of comments went from 10000 to 100000 in just a few minutes.

The topic #Xia ruofei logging in to La Liga #instantly rushed to the top of the hot search without any suspense.

……

At this time, at the mestalia Stadium in valentian city, Spain, the situation on the field was a bit tense.

After Xia ruofei and Wu Lei came on, the situation of Spain did not improve significantly.

The players also knew about Xia ruofei’s amazing free – kick skills. However, with the Spanish team being pressed by the opponent’s high post, it was difficult for the midfield to organize an effective attack. It was difficult to even break into the opponent’s 30 – meter zone, so how could they create a free – kick?

Besides, it was Xia ruofei’s first time playing in La Liga and he had no professional football experience before. So, even if he was the boss, the players did not dare to pass the ball to him easily.

After all, Xia ruofei’s performance in training was only average. However, the pace of the game was much faster than the training. If the opponent intercepted the ball and quickly counterattacked, the defense might be compromised again.

They were already behind 0 – 2. If they conceded another goal, they would really be unable to play the game.

As for Wu Lei, he was cruising in the front field and had almost no chance to touch the ball.

As the game time went by, the score was still 0 – 2, and the manager, Ruby, did not have a good solution. He only had three cards in his hand, and he had already played two just now.

Xia ruofei also realized that the situation was not good for Espanyol. There were less than five minutes left until the end of the regular time of the first half. Including the injury time, there were only five minutes at most. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

If Espanyol could not recover a ball before the end of the half, they would be very passive in the second half.

Xia ruofei felt that it was time to make some changes.

He ran forward slowly and waved at Wu Lei at the same time. Wu Lei quickly ran over and shouted,””Brother Xia!”

“Lei Zi, we can’t continue like this!” Xia ruofei said,”in the next few minutes, you must retreat to receive the ball and then try to play in the front field. If you can’t find a suitable point to pass the ball, pass it to me. I will appear in the most comfortable position for you to pass the ball!”

In the past, Wu Lei’s characteristic was to cruise around the offside line and constantly attack the gaps in the opponent’s defensive line. To put it bluntly, he was a bit of an opportunist.

Before going on the field, Ruby had also arranged it this way. He had asked him to pay attention to flexible running positions in the front field. Even if he could not run out of an opportunity to go solo, he could at least pull the opponent’s defensive line.

Ruby arranged tactics according to Wu Lei’s characteristics. It was not wrong at first, but now the Spanish team’s attack could not develop into the 30 – meter area of the opponent. Wu Lei could only futilely attack the gaps back and forth, but to no avail.

Xia ruofei knew very well that Wu Lei’s physical confrontation was no longer the same as before. Not only was his confrontation much stronger, but his physical coordination had also improved. This could obviously improve his ability to dribble and protect the ball. Therefore, in the absence of an opportunity, it was the best choice to withdraw and receive the ball.

Although Xia ruofei’s suggestion was different from head coach Ruby ‘s, Wu Lei did not hesitate at all. He nodded and said,””I understand!”

“Mm! Take a gamble! Try to score a goal before the end of the half!” Xia ruofei said.

After the two of them finished their discussion, they returned to their respective positions.

Before Xia ruofei’s tactics could work, the Spanish team really got a chance.

After getting the ball in the backfield, mark Rocca kicked the ball and passed it diagonally to the right side.

The full – back, rozales, quickly plugged in from the side and caught Valencia off guard.

It was one of the few opportunities for Spain to attack near the opponent’s penalty area.

Rozales dribbled the ball down to the end line and did not hesitate to raise his leg to pass. A curved ball from the inside of his foot was sent near the near post.

Wu Lei, who had already started, rushed over and pushed the ball without stopping.

However, the opposing defender, Garai, also arrived in time and blocked the ball with his body.

After Wu Lei missed the opportunity, he held his head in his hands in frustration.

However, there was no dead ball at this time. After Garai blocked the ball, the Valensia team was not far away from the siege. Valencia’s Captain, parrejo, judged the landing point in advance and waited for the ball in place.

At this moment, a blue figure suddenly rushed out from behind palrejo and jumped high in the direction of the football. He intercepted the ball with his chest in advance.