Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

2556 Super elevator ball (2)

Neto had this thought in mind to defend against this free kick.

After the referee blew the whistle, Xia ruofei started to run.

His run – up speed was not fast, but it had a unique rhythm, as if every step was stepping on people’s heartbeats.

The distance of three to four steps was covered in the blink of an eye. Xia ruofei started to swing his legs. His thighs moved his calves and he kicked the ball out with a bang.

The players from both teams in the penalty area started to move. Wu Lei, who was not particularly tall, was near the penalty area. After Xia ruofei sent out the free kick, Wu Lei immediately rushed towards the goal at high speed.

As soon as the ball was kicked, Valencia goalkeeper Neto had a preliminary judgment. It was too high!

According to the normal trajectory, the ball was too high and no one in the penalty area could reach it. The ball had a high probability of flying directly into the stands.

Just as Neto heaved a sigh of relief in his heart, he was shocked to find that the football had actually begun to fall rapidly.

If the ball were to follow a normal parabola, it would fly directly out of the end line as it fell.

But now, the trajectory seemed to have changed. The upward curve was relatively flat, but when the football reached the highest point and fell, the curve suddenly became steep. The height of the football dropped rapidly.

This was not a pass! This thought came to Neto’s mind.

His body reacted quickly and he moved to the other side of the goal without hesitation.

In the process of moving, Neto leaped up. His body was extremely stretched, and his arms were stretched to the straightest.

However, Xia ruofei’s kick had hit a theoretical dead corner. Neto’s position had been slightly to the left. It was too late for him to react.

With a whoosh, the ball flew directly into the goal from the corner between the crossbar and the pillar!

“The ball is in!” Shen fangjian roared with passion,”this ball is like a fairy from beyond the heavens! The elevator ball 35 meters away! It was really unimaginable! I don’t know what words to use to describe such a beautiful goal! This night belongs to Huaxia, Xia ruofei, and Wu Lei!”

Even the newly appointed Hall Master Jia Tianning didn’t know how to brag at this moment. For the first time, he suddenly felt his vocabulary was lacking.

On the major TV stations and broadcasting platforms, commentators in various languages also went crazy. They were all searching for words of praise, but they found that no matter what kind of language they used, in the face of such a beautiful goal, they seemed so pale and powerless.

Most of the commentators just kept shouting “goal”, using their hoarse voices to release their passion to their hearts ‘content, and also infected the fans who were watching the game. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Valencia covered her head in disbelief on behalf of the rest of the substitute players.

In sharp contrast, in the substitutes ‘bench of Spain, all the players, coaches, and staff members were huddled together and celebrating the goal.

One of them was Espanyol’s manager, Ruby.

Ruby had seen Xia ruofei’s free – kick skills and had made targeted arrangements in tactics. However, when Xia ruofei really used this weapon to score a goal, he could not suppress the ecstasy in his heart.

This was a goal worth a fortune!

Because of this goal, Espanyol tenaciously equalized the score again.

3 to 3.

It was supposed to be Valencia’s match, but because of the two Chinese players, Xia ruofei and Wu Lei, it had turned into a game of goals.

Also, when Wu Lei made this free kick, he successfully caused the opponent’s main defender to be sent off with a red card. It could be said that the situation on the field had been completely reversed.

When Xia ruofei was standing in front of the ball, Ruby was worried. The ball was further away and the position was slightly off. Although Xia ruofei had a high hit rate at a distance of 30 meters, the difference between 35 meters and 30 meters was not just a small difference in numbers. Ruby was not confident.

However, it was soon proven that Xia ruofei’s shooting range could go even further. His free kicks were like precision – guided missiles!

The moment Xia ruofei scored, Ruby felt a sense of pride. He had never had much hope for Xia ruofei’s goal to enter the European tournament. However, when he realized that he had Xia ruofei as his trump card, this goal did not seem so far away.

However, Ruby quickly returned to reality and forced Xia ruofei to fight with the team for the next season. This was basically unrealistic.

After returning to reality, Ruby quickly became excited again. No matter what the next match was, it was fine as long as he felt good! What’s more, the Spaniards were not weaklings. They had a chance against the league’s visiting teams. Even without Xia ruofei, they had a high chance of staying in the league this season.

Furthermore, Xia ruofei had promised to play for the team in some crucial games, which was enough.

The players were still celebrating wildly on the field. Ruby’s imagination was already running wild. If Xia ruofei could play in the team’s game against Barcelona, would there be a miracle? What could be more exciting than cutting off a piece of meat from a mortal enemy in the same city? Even if this mortal enemy from the same city did not even look him in the eye.