Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

2557 Super elevator ball (3)

The RCD Espanyol players ran towards Xia ruofei, high – fived him, and hugged him. Xia ruofei, who was surrounded by the crowd, had become the spiritual leader of the team.

As for Wu Lei, he did not hesitate to move forward when Xia ruofei took the free kick. He did not slow down after the ball went into the net. He rushed into the goal and before the Valencia players could react, he picked up the ball and ran towards Xia ruofei.

Many people thought that it was a great achievement to be able to force Valencia to a 3 – 3 draw in the away game, but Wu Lei felt that it was not enough.

There are still more than ten minutes left, and the morale of the other side has been greatly reduced. Moreover, they are now one person short, so why can’t we reverse the score? Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Xia ruofei also noticed Wu Lei’s actions. He was also a supporter of Wu Lei’s brothers, and he did not want to play with them just for a draw!

Hence, Xia ruofei quickly asked everyone to speed up and return to their own half of the field.

When they arrived at the center circle, Wu Lei placed the ball in his hand heavily on the starting point. He then looked at the Valencia fans with a burning gaze, showing his endless fighting spirit.

Valencia’s players were a little dumbfounded. They had not recovered from the shock of losing the goal, and Wu Lei’s move had more or less angered them.

They really think we’re their bellies! Since when did Espanyol dare to be so arrogant at our home ground?

The point was that even though the score was 3 – 3, the strength of the Spanish team was still there. Even if Valencia was down one player, it was not difficult for them to maintain the score. If the opponent was Barcelona, Real Madrid, or Atletico Madrid, and the opposing players were eager to kick off, the morale of Valencia’s players might be affected even more. However, the effect was the opposite since the opponent was Espanyol.

After Valencia kicked off, the players gathered their energy and ran and rushed to make up for the disadvantage of having one less player. Even though they were almost exhausted, they gritted their teeth and persevered.

Moreover, because of the grievances in his heart, his defensive actions inevitably became bigger. The referee repeatedly whistled to stop the game and even showed a yellow card, which barely suppressed the smell of gunpowder on the field.

Of course, Xia ruofei’s free – kick had made Valencia’s players very alert, so they controlled their actions and did not easily foul near their own goal area. This so – called “area close to the goal” had been expanded to more than thirty – five meters.

It was already the 85th minute, and the score was still three to three.

The Spanish team tried to attack a few times, but they were all defended by Valencia tenaciously. They were almost counterattacked. If it were not for the fact that Valencia was short of one player and everyone was exhausted, the score might have been rewritten.

As time passed, the morale of the Spanish players, which had been boosted after Xia ruofei’s goal, gradually fell. Especially when they saw that the game was about to end, everyone gradually had the idea of playing it safe.

After all, if the opponent scored a goal at this time, the one point they had won would be gone. In the case of a draw, the closer the end of the game was, the more cautious both sides would be.

However, Wu Lei was still very active in the front field. As long as his side was attacking, he would spare no effort to run for the gaps. Even if eight out of ten times the ball was not passed in his direction, he was not discouraged at all.

There was also Xia ruofei. Although he did not seem to have much presence in the game and did not touch the ball many times, he was like a lurking sniper, patiently waiting for the opportunity to pull the trigger.

Xia ruofei felt that this moment would not be too far away ...