Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

2558 Heavenly fairy! Fatal blow!_1

One spurt of energy, then waning, and finally exhausted.

This principle was not only effective on the offensive side, but also on the defensive side.

With the score equalized and one player down, the Valensia team was so tense that many people forgot about their fatigue and spared no effort in running.

And when the Spanish team’s offensive gradually weakened, the valentian players ‘energy also began to involuntarily leak.

At this time, the regular game time was about to end. Including the injury time, there were only six or seven minutes left in the game.

Valencia’s players thought that they could hold on to the draw. The players of the two teams were exhausted and they were short of one player, so they did not have the confidence to get all three points. They just thought that a draw would be good enough.

However, this was actually the most dangerous time.

The valentian players were not aware that a crisis was quietly approaching.

It was still the Spanish team that organized the offense. It was almost the norm in the last ten minutes of the game, but because of the Valensia team’s strong defense, this kind of attack was basically ended in the midfield.

Spain’s young midfield core, mark Roca, took the ball. Xia ruofei pulled it to the right flank and raised his hand to request.

Xia ruofei’s action was rare in this game. Mark Rocca was already a fan of Xia ruofei. At the moment, Xia ruofei did not have any Valensia players defending him, so he naturally would not turn a blind eye to it and passed the ball directly.

After Xia ruofei took the ball, a Valencia player immediately came forward to defend, and another player not far away also moved closer to form a defensive position.

However, Xia ruofei did not move the ball away in time like before. He controlled the football to move forward at a moderate pace. Although he did not look around, his mental power had long been released, and he knew the situation of the entire game like the back of his hand.

Valencia’s player was already in front of Xia ruofei. He followed Xia ruofei’s rhythm and slowly retreated while staring at the ball, waiting for an opportunity to intercept.

At this moment, Xia ruofei turned his head to the left, as if he was looking for a point to pass the ball. The rhythm of his dribbling seemed to have become a little chaotic.

A chance!

When the Valencia players saw the situation, they did not hesitate to snatch the ball.

At that moment, Xia ruofei’s head was still looking to the left, but he seemed to have predicted the player’s actions in advance. He did not look back at all. Instead, he used his right foot to pull the ball back lightly. While he dodged the fierce interception, he used his left foot to pull the ball forward. His body used the defender as the axis and he turned around nimbly, going past the defender completely.

Marseille turn!

The commentators all exclaimed.

Xia ruofei’s performance was very eye-catching, but it was mainly in terms of passing and free kicks. Of course, there was also that shocking hanging shot, which showed that his footwork was superb.

However, Xia ruofei did not perform well when it came to breaking past players. Basically, he would pass the ball out immediately when the opposing players went up to defend.

Although Xia ruofei’s passing was very reasonable, and a simple pass could make the complicated situation clear, he had almost never broken through anyone, which gave everyone the illusion that he was not good at one-on-one breakthroughs.

They did not expect Xia ruofei to be able to do this so easily even though the competition was coming to an end and everyone was exhausted.

The Marseille turn was very light and agile, without the slightest smoke or fire, and easily passed the defensive player.

Generally speaking, by this time, the players’ physical energy would have been almost exhausted. Many people would even have technical movements deformed because of the overexertion.

However, Xia ruofei did not seem to be affected.

After he used a Marseille turn to bypass a defender, another defensive player was already in place. It was the experienced captain, Parejo.

As soon as Xia ruofei passed a defender, Parejo was already in front of him.

Xia ruofei’s body leaned slightly to the right. The outer instep of his right foot swept along the bottom of the football from inside to outside. Palreho subconsciously shifted his center of gravity to Xia ruofei’s right side, but he did not rush to kick out because of his rich experience.

However, Xia ruofei quickly used the inner instep of his right foot to hook the ball in the opposite direction.

The football obediently took a turn and bounced to the left.

At this moment, palrejo’s center of gravity had shifted to the right. Although he realized that Xia ruofei was going to break through from the left, he realized that his body could not keep up. It was impossible for him to change his center of gravity continuously so quickly, so his body was stiff.

Xia ruofei nimbly brushed past Parejo. Parejo could only watch as Xia ruofei successfully broke through, as if he was frozen. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

“Deep-fried meatballs!” Shen fangjian couldn’t help but exclaim, ” Xia ruofei used a deft Marseille turn and connected it with a deep-fried meatball. He passed two opposing players in a row, including the experienced captain, Parejo! Right now, there’s nothing but flat land in front of him!”

“Seeing our Chinese players make such a gorgeous move in the European top league, I feel like I’m dreaming!” Jia Tianning couldn’t help but sigh.