Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

2564 High evaluation_1

The domestic sports media was also in high spirits. The headlines were exaggerated and full of praise for Xia ruofei. Overnight, Xia ruofei had become the Savior of Chinese football.

Some of the media had also edited out Xia ruofei’s every touch of the ball in the game, especially the three highly exciting goals. They did not miss any slow – Motion replay from any angle.

This highlight reel was also very popular on the internet. Many fans watched it over and over again and felt that they could not get enough.

The weakness of Chinese football made the Chinese fans ‘expectations for good players far exceed those of developed football countries. Previously, Wu Lei, who had come to play in La Liga with great difficulty, was jokingly called “the hope of the whole village” by the fans. Now, Xia ruofei had appeared out of nowhere and his performance was even more eye – catching than Wu Lei. How could the fans suppress their excitement?

There were even fans who formed groups and left messages under the official account of the Chinese Football Association, requesting for Xia ruofei to join the Chinese national team and compete in the world Cup Asian Qualifiers starting next year.

In fact, the Chinese Football Association was also confused. Over the years, many of the actions of the Chinese Football Association had been criticized by people, such as the outsider leading the professionals, bureaucracy, administrative intervention, and so on. A large number of officials and referees had fallen in the Anti – Corruption campaign in the football world, which had directly brought Chinese football into the darkest decade.

But this time, the Chinese Football Association’s reaction was actually quite fast.

However, they were completely unaware of the situation. Xia ruofei was not a registered player of the Chinese Football Association. He was registered directly in Spain. Besides, Xia ruofei was not even a person in the football circle. The Chinese Football Association did not even know how to contact Xia ruofei.

In the end, they found out that Xia ruofei was actually a popular person on the Chinese internet. However, he had nothing to do with football in the past. He even started a company, which could also be called an internet celebrity company.

After seeking the opinion of the technical Committee, the Chinese Football Association really had the idea of recruiting Xia ruofei. However, Xia ruofei had almost no interaction with the professional football circle. Secondly, he had no agent or anything. In addition, the Asian preliminaries would start in the second half of next year. Before that, the national football association did not have any major competition tasks, so they were not in a particularly urgent time.

Hence, the Chinese Football Association tried to fax an official letter to paradise Corporation, hoping to get in touch with Xia ruofei’s work. This was also a relatively cautious approach. After all, Xia ruofei had only played one game, and there were no other game videos for reference. If he was directly recruited, it would be a bit of a show. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

However, the peach blossom company didn’t respond to this, and the Chinese Football Association couldn’t do anything. In the face of the calls from the netizens and fans, they could only use their best tricks and pretend that they could not see it.

No matter how many comments the netizens left, the Chinese Football Association did not reply.

In fact, in addition to the Chinese sports media, the Spain media also made a large report on the originally ordinary La Liga.

The match between Espanyol and Valencia was the first match in La Liga. The matches between Real Madrid, Barcelona, and other strong teams were held the next day, so everyone naturally focused on the exciting match.

A goal – scoring battle, winning against a stronger opponent, a Super World wave, a genius who came out of the football desert ... There were too many things to watch in this game.

“Sports daily” posted “famous in one battle!” As the title, the match was reported on the front page. The report was accompanied by a large picture of Xia ruofei’s back as he stood on the spot and shouted after he had blasted that wonderful half – turn high – Air shot. The number 25 on his Jersey was very clear. Other than him, the rest of the background had been blurred out, making the back look even taller and more majestic.

In the report, The Sports Daily wrote,”We’ve seen too many people in the world of football who became famous with one goal. We’ve seen too many geniuses, but I have to say that number 25 of Spain must be the most brilliant among the stars. This player from China conquered the fans with just one game. Three goals, each one is worth savoring. Each one can still be talked about many years later. Each one is enough to be recorded in the history of football!

The Maca news also used an entire page to report on the match. To be precise, it was a report on Xia ruofei’s amazing performance.

The Maca newspaper even quoted the post – Match interview.

The Spanish manager, Ruby, said, Xia ruofei was the most talented player he had ever seen with the most accurate and stable footwork. His contribution to the team was unquestionable. He would be an important member of the team.

Ruby was not stingy with his praise for the Chinese player, Wu Lei. He said,”Wu Lei’s speed of adapting to La Liga had exceeded his expectations. Compared to the previous game, Wu Lei’s performance in this game was more calm and confident, which was what the entire team liked to see.

Whether it was the process or the result, it was clear that the Spanish team’s commander Ruby was quite satisfied.

In contrast, the Valencia team’s manager, Maselino, seemed a little disappointed that the three points he had gotten had become one point, and then he could not even keep a draw. He had to accept the result of losing to the weak RCD Espanyol at home. Any manager would feel very disappointed.