Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

2567 Xia ruofei’s small fortune (1)

The return trip was almost the same as the return trip. Even though the peach source had no problem flying directly to Sanshan at full fuel, Captain Liu An still arranged Dubai Airport as a transit point for safety considerations. They would land in Dubai to refuel before continuing their flight to Sanshan.

After about 11 hours of long – distance flight, paradise smoothly landed on the runway of San Shan Chang Ping International Airport.

Initially, Xia ruofei had wanted to arrange for the crew to rest at the three mountains for a short while. After refueling, they would continue to send Zhou leiyun to Beijing.

However, Zhou leiyun declined politely. He had already asked glory world corporation’s Southeast Branch to arrange a Business Charter flight for him in advance. He could board the plane as soon as he got off paradise and fly directly to Beijing.

In fact, Zhou leiyun had also traveled to Spain in a private jet. With his status and wealth, he would often travel in a team of more than ten people, so it was more convenient to take a private jet.

However, he wanted to maintain a close relationship with Xia ruofei, so he came here to’ fly ‘.

Furthermore, Xia ruofei’s flight crew had just made a long distance flight of more than ten hours. He would feel bad if he had to use this flight crew to escort him to the capital.

Although he had come to the three mountains alone and his team had taken his private jet back to the capital, glory World group’s Southeast Branch had already made arrangements and rented a pombady public jet from the navigation company in the three mountains to protect him.

The facts proved how important it was to “cater to his interests”!

Zhou leiyun did not have to pay much for Xia ruofei to become a shareholder of RCD Espanyol. In fact, he had made a profit.

He had invested in football clubs for advertising benefits, not to make money. The number of shares did not matter as long as it did not affect his decision – making power in the club.

Although he had thinned his shares by nearly half, his voting rights at the shareholders ‘meeting had not changed. He was also the club chairman.

And what he got in return was an additional advantage. Xia ruofei’s joining of the RCD Espanyol club was beyond his expectations, but the effect was surprisingly good. It was no exaggeration to say that the away game against Valencia on Saturday had raised the Spaniards ‘popularity in China to a peak. Xia ruofei’s hat – trick and the three more brilliant goals that made up the hat – trick had dominated the Weibo hot search list for two days.

Now, the whole country, whether they knew how to play or not, was talking about Xia ruofei. In the past, only a few fans knew about the Spanish clubs. Now, even some old men and women would talk about glory world Corporation investing in a club in the Spanish league One after their spare time. It was awesome!

Although they did not know the status of La Liga in the world of football, it did not stop them from talking about it. When the popularity of an event reached a certain level, it was not limited to the vertical. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

The peach origin arrived at the three mountains at about 6 am on a Monday in China. There were only a few hours left before the opening of the Chinese stock market. Many experts had analyzed yesterday that the share price of the provincial group would take advantage of this extremely positive East wind and usher in a wave of sharp rises.

Glory world Corporation was huge. Every little increase in the share price meant that Zhou leiyun’s net worth would increase by a large margin.

This was much better than how many members, jerseys, and merchandise a Football Club could sell.

In some sense, Xia ruofei’s joining of the Spanish club was like a stroke of genius. It had a much greater impact than the previous introduction of Wu Lei.

All of this was because Zhou leiyun had invited Xia ruofei to invest in the football club.

If Xia ruofei did not happen to like football, if Zhou leiyun did not try and grab this opportunity, how could there be such a good situation today?

This was only in terms of economic benefits. What Zhou leiyun valued more was that this investment had allowed him and Xia ruofei to form an alliance in a sense. From the time when Zhou Yuan had offended Xia ruofei, it had caused a Rift between the two of them. Now, not only had the grudges disappeared, but their relationship had also become so close. Only Zhou leiyun himself knew how hard it was to achieve this.

To be able to form a close alliance with Xia ruofei was Zhou leiyun’s greatest gain.

Zhou leiyun’s smile was still on his face even after he boarded the pombady public jet flying to the capital. He was in a very good mood.

……

Xia ruofei, Xue Jinshan, and the other employees left the airport on the Coster arranged by the company.

The car first arrived at the jiangbin villa district and sent Xia ruofei home. As the company’s chairman, it was only natural for him to enjoy this little “privilege.” In fact, if it were another boss, they would definitely arrange a special car instead of taking the shuttle bus with the employees.

Xia ruofei did not let the car enter the neighborhood. The morning air was fresh. He chose to get off at the entrance of the neighborhood and walked in.

The environment in such a good villa district in the city was naturally very good.

Xia ruofei dragged his small suitcase and walked along the road of the community. He sniffed the fragrance of the grass and trees, feeling relaxed and happy.

At the same time, he also felt a little sad about Xuxu. Not long ago, he had lived in a small rental house in the shanty town with a terminal illness and his entire life was dark. But now, everything had changed. He had achieved financial freedom. Not only did he have a big house to live in, but he even had a private jet when he traveled. It could be said that the difference was like heaven and earth.