Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

2571 Challenging the Jade pillar array again (1)

Xia ruofei had been staying in a hotel in Spain and it was not convenient for him to enter the spirit map space. That was why he had not taken out the spirit map scroll for more than half a month. This was probably the first time he had not entered the space after such a long time since he had obtained the magical scroll.

Of course, even though Xia ruofei did not enter the space in person, he had been using his mind to sense the situation in the space and communicate with Xia Qing. It might have been fine before, but now there were hundreds of people working for free in the space. If there were too many people, it would be easy for problems to arise. So even if Xia ruofei had absolute control over the space, he would not let his guard down.

He had directly appeared in the mountain and sea realm.

The time in the spirit map space was roughly the same as that of the outside world in China. Hence, when Xia ruofei arrived at the mountain sea realm, the free laborers had just finished their short lunch break. Xia ruofei was able to see the bustling scene of work.

Xia Qing came to Xia ruofei at once, bowed slightly, and called out respectfully,””Master, you’re here!”

Xia ruofei nodded and asked,”have these guys stopped?”

“All of them are very obedient.” Xia Qing said,”especially after seeing master’s immortal means, they all became honest. During this period, the point system has been getting better and better. These people are now desperately performing, hoping to exchange for more points. ”

Xia ruofei looked at the back view of the high – spirited people heading to various workplace and smiled.””That’s good! I just took a look, and with this batch of manpower, the development speed of the mountain sea realm has clearly increased by a lot!”

The most obvious change was in the medicine garden.

At first, there was only about 15 mu of land in the medicine garden, and this was the result of Xia Qing’s continuous development. In just over half a month, the area of the medicine garden in the spatial space had already expanded to nearly 100 mu, and it was still expanding at a very fast speed. After the various upgrades, the area of the mountain and sea realm was extremely vast. Even though the development speed had accelerated a lot, in reality, the land that had been developed only took up a small portion.

Of course, the rapid expansion of the herb garden was also due to Xia ruofei’s special instructions. Hence, Xia Qing’s focus was on the herb garden. Xia ruofei also considered that the pharmaceutical factory was expanding too fast, and the demand for raw materials would increase in the future. So, it was considered a rainy day.

Xia ruofei patrolled around the mountain sea realm and saw the ex – mercenaries working in full swing. He couldn’t help but think of Liu chengfeng, who had been locked up in the spatial space a while ago. This guy was the first cultivator he had captured, and he was now under his control with his soul seal.

Ever since Xia ruofei released Liu chengfeng from the three mountains and asked him to return to the sect, there had been no news of him.

However, Xia ruofei could still sense Liu chengfeng’s approximate location through the soul seal.

Liu chengfeng had been controlled by the soul seal, so there was no doubt about his loyalty. Now that the soul seal was fine, it meant that he was very safe, so Xia ruofei was not too worried.

Using the soul seal to control Liu chengfeng was also a precautionary move. If there was any conflict with the cultivation world on earth in the future, Liu chengfeng, as a spy, might be able to play an unexpected role.

After Xia ruofei made a round, his figure flashed and he went to the Archean realm.

Today, he wanted to challenge the Jade pillar array on the first level of the exquisite Pagoda.

According to the rules of the Linglong tower, he would have three chances to challenge the Jade stake array every seven days. He had been Spain for more than half a month, so he had already wasted three chances.

After Xia ruofei arrived at the Archean realm, he did not enter the Linglong Pagoda that was located in the middle of the pond.

This was because he had already experienced the power of the Jade pillar array. He knew that even if he had improved by barging in like this, he would still be far from completely passing the level.

Moreover, Xia Qing had told him that this Jade pillar formation was mainly used to cultivate movement techniques.

Hence, Xia ruofei decided to first practice the “floating steps” movement technique he had obtained from the heaven word jade talisman in the primal realm.

The time flow here was 30 times slower than the outside world. Xia ruofei could practice his martial arts movements very calmly.

He stood quietly in the open space beside the pool, slowly adjusting his condition to the best state, and then began to practice according to the essentials of the [floating steps].

The name of this movement technique sounded a bit similar to the Qinggong in wuxia legends, but in fact, there was a huge difference. This was a movement technique used by cultivators in the true sense. It was much more advanced than the so – called Qinggong.

To use the floating steps, one had to combine both true Qi and mental energy. When using the movement technique, one’s true Qi had to circulate according to the specific route of the movement technique. At the same time, it also required the cooperation of mental energy. It could be said to be quite complicated.

This meant that once a cultivator’s mental power reached a certain level, their brain development would be far greater than that of an ordinary person. If it was an ordinary person, just memorizing the essentials of these movement techniques would be extremely difficult. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Moreover, the practice of body movement was always in a state of motion. While performing body movement, one must precisely control true Qi and mental power, which was impossible for ordinary people.

The current Xia ruofei could only barely perform it. To really perform it at will, one must go through countless practices to form muscle memory. To be precise, it should form a subconscious reaction because this set of movement technique required more than just muscles.