Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

2572 Challenging the Jade pillar formation again (2)

Xia ruofei’s mind moved and his essential Qi immediately circulated slowly according to the path of the “floating steps”. At the same time, he took a step forward to the right ...

Xia ruofei’s figure kept moving around on the empty space beside the pool. His speed was sometimes fast and sometimes slow. It looked like his movements were a little clumsy and there was no sense of beauty to speak of.

Only Xia ruofei himself knew that he could not even perform the entire set of body movement once. Every time, he would be stuck at a certain point. If it were in a real battle, just this one point would basically determine the fate of defeat.

However, Xia ruofei was not discouraged. He knew that this was a necessary process.

Although the techniques he had obtained from the Jade talisman of inheritance were directly imprinted in his mind, and even some of his cultivation experience would be instilled into his brain, this only allowed Xia ruofei to have a deeper understanding of this set of movement techniques than ordinary people who had just come into contact with it. To truly master the floating Lotus steps, he still needed to practice it day after day.

Xia ruofei’s starting point was already higher than most people because he could skip the learning process and directly start practicing based on the rich experience in his mind.

Besides, Xia ruofei could also feel his own improvement.

He had used the floating duckweed steps a total of three times. Although he would get stuck each time due to various reasons and was unable to smoothly complete it, he would gain some comprehension after each time. In fact, his gains were not small.

Unknowingly, Xia ruofei had been cultivating at the Archean realm for three days and three nights.

His figure had started off clumsy, but now it was starting to become erratic, and his movements seemed to be much smoother.

In these three days and three nights, Xia ruofei had spent most of his time practicing this movement technique. The total amount of sleep he had was less than six hours.

To be honest, this training process was quite boring. However, Xia ruofei had always been a person who could endure loneliness. When he was in the Army, he could lie in a smelly puddle for more than ten hours during undercover training. Even if he was bitten by mosquitoes or smelled bad, he could not move. In comparison, how boring could this kind of training be?

Moreover, he could feel his own improvement every time he practiced. Under the motivation of this sense of achievement, he actually didn’t feel that bored.

In these three days and three nights, Xia ruofei had practiced his body movement technique more than six hundred times.

From the beginning, he had made a lot of mistakes. Now, he could perform his martial arts well by relying on his subconscious reactions. Only Xia ruofei knew how difficult it was.

Of course, Xia ruofei also clearly realized that he was still a long way from mastering his body movement technique.

It was just that he was unable to make any progress in his last few practices.

Xia ruofei knew that he had reached a bottleneck.

Xia ruofei was experienced in facing a bottleneck.

He knew that he couldn’t be too stubborn in times like this. Under such circumstances, even if he practiced a hundred times or a thousand times, the bottleneck would still be there and there wouldn’t be any changes. Some people would even be shaken by the intensity of the practice.

“It seems like it’s time ...” Xia ruofei muttered to himself.

Since he had reached a bottleneck, Xia ruofei did not force himself to continue cultivating. He was ready to go to the Jade pillar array in the Linglong Pagoda to see if he could find an opportunity to break through the bottleneck. At the same time, he could also test the results of his three days and three nights of cultivation.

Hence, Xia ruofei walked directly to the Linglong Pagoda through the Jade Bridge.

Although it was not the first time they had crossed the Jade Bridge, Xia ruofei could not help but be amazed when he saw the bridge widening every time he took a step.

Of course, he now knew that it wasn’t the Jade Bridge that had changed, but that he had shrunk accordingly.

Or to be more precise, he himself didn’t experience any changes. He achieved this magical effect mainly by relying on the extremely complicated space formation of the Linglong Pagoda.

The door of the Linglong tower opened and Xia ruofei strode in.

A ray of light shone down and landed on his body.

This was Xia ruofei’s second time entering the Linglong tower. He was already aware of this, so he was not flustered.

He turned around and saw the Golden word ” 3″ on the wall beside the tower’s door.

Now, Xia ruofei knew that this number represented the number of times he could pass the levels.

Xia ruofei finally confirmed that even though he had not been here for more than half a month, the number of times he had passed the levels did not accumulate according to the actual number of days. It was still three times.

He could not help but feel a little disappointed.

Xia ruofei quickly gathered his emotions. After adjusting his state of mind, he stepped across the dividing line and entered the area where the White fog was rising. In front of him, a path made of Jade pillars was faintly visible in the White fog, extending directly to the depths of the first level of the Linglong Pagoda ...

Xia ruofei took a deep breath and stepped on the Jade pillar closest to him.

As expected, an egg – sized glow shot towards Xia ruofei from the depths of the fog at an extremely fast speed.

This was Xia ruofei’s fourth attempt, so he was not nervous at all. He dodged the light with a slight turn of his body and took a step forward at the same time. Both of his legs landed firmly on different Jade pillars.

Another ball of light shot out from the depths of the fog. At the same time, the ball of light that had missed did not disappear. Instead, it made a beautiful arc and changed its direction to continue attacking Xia ruofei. Together with the new ball of light, they formed a pincer attack on Xia ruofei.

Almost subconsciously, Xia ruofei circulated his essential Qi according to the heart technique of the drifting steps. At the same time, he leaped up lightly and landed on a Jade pillar two meters away.

In the process of flying, two halos brushed past Xia ruofei’s body and they missed again. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

However, the two halos did not disappear. They continued to chase after Xia ruofei. At the same time, more halos emerged from the depths of the fog.

These halos did not have a constant speed. Although their overall speed was very fast, there was a certain difference in the speed of each Halo. Some halos were even moving at different speeds, making it difficult for Xia ruofei to predict.

Of course, Xia ruofei had some experience now. The first part was not too difficult, so he could deal with it easily and did not panic.

Besides, Xia ruofei knew that the number of halos did not increase indefinitely. The Halos that appeared before would disappear one by one after he had advanced a certain distance.

Of course, the overall difficulty was getting higher and higher. The speed at which the Halos disappeared was much slower than the speed at which new halos appeared. Hence, the deeper Xia ruofei went, the more halos he had to face.

Under this kind of pressure, Xia ruofei’s previous practice of body movements came into effect very quickly. He realized that using the floating duckweed steps to break through this Jade pillar array was much easier than the last time when he had to force his way through.

Without realizing it, he had already gone twenty meters deep.

The last time he tried the Jade pillar array, his third attempt had the best result, which was a little more than twenty meters.

This was because the difficulty of the Jade pillar array immediately increased once he entered the twenty – meter mark. He could only manage to advance two to three meters before he could not avoid it. In the end, he was hit by the Halo and was eliminated.

Xia ruofei felt that he still had some energy left in him even though he was 20 meters away.

His mind jolted and he felt that he could use the floating duckweed steps more freely. His figure also became more erratic. In the light that shot over from all directions, he was like a floating duckweed, appearing extremely free and unrestrained.

Xia ruofei did not know how long it had been, but he had completely entered a state of oblivion until a ball of light hit him.

He was immediately thrown out of the range of the Jade pillar array by an irresistible force. At this time, the Golden word on the wall had also changed to “two.”

...