Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

2573 Remarkable effect (1)

Xia ruofei stood up from the ground, slightly panting. In fact, the physical consumption was secondary. In the process of breaking through the array, the greater consumption was on the mental aspect. Firstly, the body movement technique of the floating steps required the cooperation of mental power, and it also consumed a lot of mental power. Secondly, he had to maintain a high level of concentration. Even though he had not been in the formation for a long time, he still felt a wave of exhaustion, mainly from the mental level.

However, Xia ruofei was very excited.

Although the process of breaking through the formation was like a moment of enlightenment, with only the scattered and irregularly distributed Jade pillars and the Halos flying over from all directions in his eyes, in fact, after the entire process was over, he remembered every detail of breaking through the formation very clearly.

Of course, he also knew that his score this time was a staggering 35 meters.

Last time, he was defeated very quickly after crossing the 20 – meter checkpoint. At that time, Xia ruofei had a deep sense of powerlessness. He felt that after 20 meters, even if he tried again, his improvement would be limited.

However, after only three days of practicing the floating steps, his results had improved by a large margin.

It could be said that the effect was very remarkable!

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but look forward to the remaining two chances. At the same time, he was also looking forward to the movement technique, the light steps.

However, Xia ruofei did not immediately use up his second chance.

On one hand, his body and spirit were not in their best condition. If he were to attempt it now, his results would not be too good.

On the other hand, Xia ruofei’s understanding of the floating duckweed footwork had deepened during his first attempt at the Jade pillar formation. He needed some time to digest this.

Xia ruofei caught his breath and walked out of the Linglong tower. He returned to the pond through the Jade Bridge.

Then, he sat down and replayed the process of challenging the Jade pillar array in his mind like a movie. He then combined it with his understanding of the floating steps and analyzed where he had done poorly in the process of challenging the array.

Xia ruofei was a very patient person. He also found his analysis very interesting and not boring.

He sat by the pool for a few hours without moving, like an old monk in meditation.

Suddenly, Xia ruofei, who had been sitting there for a long time, stood up and started wandering around the pool.

The transformation from extreme stillness to extreme movement happened in an instant.

He was still using the floating steps, but it was more elegant and graceful than before he entered the Linglong tower. There seemed to be a wonderful rhythm as he dodged and moved.

Of course, this rhythm was still very unrefined, and it was intermittent. It was obvious that there was still a big gap to the great success of the movement technique.

Xia ruofei performed the floating Lotus steps several times in a row, and he gained new insights every time.

The results of his analysis by the pool were starting to show. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

The former was a theoretical analysis, while the latter was a test of practice. Neither of the two was dispensable.

Xia ruofei continued to practice for almost an hour until his mental power was almost exhausted and his genuine Qi was also greatly consumed. He then stopped reluctantly. While panting slightly, he waved his hand and took a stream of spiritual water from the spiritual pool. He gulped it down directly.

Xia ruofei took the Jade futon from the stone room and sat down on it. He continued to analyze his movement technique while recovering his spiritual power.

After about two to three hours, Xia ruofei felt that he was full of energy again. The misty spiritual pool and the Jade futon had the effect of helping him recover his spiritual energy. The spiritual Qi in the space had turned into mist. In such an environment, he naturally recovered quite quickly.

Xia ruofei felt that he was in a good state.

Therefore, he stood up and stepped across the Jade Bridge again, re – entering the Linglong tower. This time, he didn’t plan to keep the number of chances he had to pass the levels. He was going to use up all three chances.

This time, Xia ruofei did not hesitate. He stepped into the range of the Jade pillar array, took a deep breath, and stepped onto the Jade pillar.

The light that was moving at an extremely fast speed once again arrived as promised ...

Half an hour later, Xia ruofei was once again thrown out by the strange power of the Jade pillar formation. He landed outside the range of the formation.

Xia ruofei got up and left the Linglong tower without a word. He returned to the pool.

He still sat on the ground and analyzed the situation. Then, he stood up and practiced his movement technique.

After digesting all the knowledge he had gained from the challenge and turning it into an improvement in his body movement, Xia ruofei waited for his condition to recover before entering the Linglong tower to challenge the array again.

This time, he persisted for almost 40 minutes.

When Xia ruofei was once again thrown out of the Jade pillar array by the mysterious force, he could not help but laugh.

The harvest this time was indeed not small!

In his second attempt, his score was already close to the 50 – meter mark.

As Xia ruofei had predicted, 50 meters was not a small gap. After absorbing the knowledge and experience he had gained from his second attempt, he successfully broke through the 50 – meter barrier on his third attempt. Then, he felt the pressure increase sharply. However, with the help of his more and more skilled body movements and the unstoppable momentum in front of him, he was still able to avoid the attacks of the Halos time and time again. Finally, he reached the 60 – meter barrier. Then, he really could not avoid it and finally ended the challenge.