Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

2578 Ruoxu Heart Sutra (2)

Speaking of this, Xia Qing kept him in suspense and asked with a smile,&quot;&quot;Master, do you know about the life of Reverend RUO Xu?&quot;

Although the Jade talisman of inheritance contained a lot of general knowledge and anecdotes of the cultivation world, Xia ruofei had never specifically tried to understand anything about master RUO Xu.

&quot;I’m not too sure about this,&quot;he said.&quot; Is his experience related to the cultivation method you chose?&quot;

Xia Qing smiled and said,&quot;when Reverend RUO Xu stepped onto the path of cultivation, he was already 63 years old.&quot; In other words, he’s an ordinary person without any cultivation before he’s 63 years old. By right, at this age, even if he’s lucky enough to step onto the path of cultivation, his achievements will be very limited. &quot;

Xia ruofei’s eyes lit up.&quot;&quot;However, master RUO Xu has cultivated to the terrifying extent of shattering the void!&quot;

&quot;Yes! This has something to do with his cultivation technique. &quot; Xia Qing said,&quot;this ‘modest Heart Sutra’ was created by him before he ascended. He combined his own insights with the cultivation techniques he had cultivated. This cultivation technique has a very low age requirement. Basically, as long as one is not old, the possibility of success in cultivating this cultivation technique is higher than other cultivation techniques. It can be said that ... The &quot;if void Heart Sutra&quot; is the most suitable cultivation technique for the person you just mentioned. This is without a doubt!&quot;

Hearing this, Xia ruofei couldn’t help but click his tongue in wonder. He had only stepped onto the path of cultivation at the age of 63, yet he could still level up and even break through the void. This was simply too incredible.

Among all the cultivation techniques, only this &quot;modest Heart Sutra&quot; only had one – third of its contents that were incomplete. It did not have any cultivation experience or insights.

Xia ruofei guessed that this was because Shanhai Zhenren himself had not tried to seriously practice &lt;if modest Sutra&gt;, and the technique was incomplete.

Therefore, he only knew the content of this cultivation method but did not know the story behind it. He did not know that cultivating &quot;if modest Sutra&quot; had such a special effect on cultivators who were over the age limit.

No matter what, Xia Qing’s words had successfully convinced Xia ruofei.

He smiled and said,&quot;I believe in your judgment!&quot; Then this is the cultivation technique! Xia Qing, thank you!&quot;

&quot;You’re too polite, master!&quot; Xia Qing said respectfully,&quot;it’s my honor to be of service to you!&quot;

&quot;Alright, you can go! I’ll look for you if I need you. &quot; Xia ruofei said. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

After cutting off the connection with Xia Qing, Xia ruofei unconsciously took out a cigarette and lit it up. At the same time, he looked a little embarrassed. He had decided on a cultivation technique, but he had no idea how to let song Qiming cultivate it.

To song Qiming, who had graduated from a proper University and was a high – ranking leader, cultivation was simply a fantasy.

If he was told all this, he would definitely not believe it.

Moreover, even song Wei could not help in this matter. A leader of this level was very determined. It was impossible for him to change his decision just because of a few words from his daughter.

As for showing song Qiming his abilities as a cultivator, Xia ruofei did not plan to do so. At least, he did not plan to do so unless he had no other choice.

Some big shots, including elder song, had some guesses about Xia ruofei’s ability. He was just a young man in his twenties, but his incredible medical skills and so many magical deeds were not something that could be achieved with just ability. With elder song’s rich experience and sharp eyes, how could he not see it?

They just didn’t say it out loud.

If Xia ruofei were to reveal his abilities as a cultivator in front of song Qiming, it would be the same as putting the whole matter on the table.

Of course, if there was no other way, Xia ruofei would try this method.

He was only afraid of trouble, not trouble.

He believed that even if the matter of cultivators was spread to the higher – ups, he would have the ability to deal with it. At least, he could do things he didn’t want to do without being disturbed.

To put it bluntly, it was all due to his ability. It was simply an original sin to have such a magical thing without ability.

Xia ruofei thought for a long time and finally came up with a compromise.

...

He took out his phone from his pocket, found song Qiming’s private phone number, and dialed it.

After the phone rang twice, song Qiming picked it up. On the other end of the phone, song Qiming said very enthusiastically,&quot;&quot;RUO Fei! You finally remembered uncle song? Tell me, how long has it been since you last came to see me? He didn’t even make a phone call!&quot;

It was no exaggeration to say that Xia ruofei had snatched song Qiming’s life from the gates of hell. If it were someone else, even if they had a higher cultivation than Xia ruofei, they might not be able to save song Qiming.

Song Qiming was already very close to Xia ruofei because of elder song. After the emergency rescue, he was even closer to Xia ruofei.

Xia ruofei laughed and said,&quot;it’s my fault!&quot; Uncle song, how’s your recovery going?&quot;

&quot;It’s all thanks to your amazing medical skills!&quot; Song Qiming sighed.&quot;I’ve basically recovered. Director Luo from the provincial Hospital said that I’ve completely recovered, except that I won’t be able to do any strenuous exercise for a while!&quot;

&quot;That’s great!&quot; Xia ruofei said happily.

&quot;Where are you now? Is he in Spain or has he already returned?&quot; Song Qiming asked.

&quot;Oh, I just returned to the three mountains this morning!&quot; Xia ruofei said,&quot;didn’t I call you as soon as I came back? Uncle song, do you have time tomorrow? I wanted to visit you and give you a follow – up. &quot;

Song Qiming agreed without hesitation.&quot;&quot;No problem! You’re always welcome to come over. If I knew you were coming, your aunt Fang would be so happy!&quot;

Song Qiming continued,&quot;however, I have an important meeting tomorrow. I might only be free in the afternoon. Can you come over tomorrow afternoon?&quot; You can have dinner at my house! I’ll ask your aunt Fang to cook a few good dishes for you!&quot;

&quot;Alright!&quot; Xia ruofei said,&quot;aunty Fang’s braised carp is the best! I haven’t eaten in such a long time, I’m starting to miss it!&quot;

Song Qiming could not help but laugh out loud.&quot;Then it’s settled! I’ll ask your aunt Fang to cook you a big carp tomorrow! I guarantee you’ll have a good time eating!&quot;

&quot;Alright! Uncle song, I’ll see you tomorrow!&quot; Xia ruofei said.

&quot;See you tomorrow!&quot; Song Qiming chuckled and said,&quot;I have to quickly tell your aunt Fang and make her happy too!&quot;

It could be seen that the couple really loved Xia ruofei from the bottom of their hearts. He wondered what they would think when they found out that Xia ruofei had already taken their precious daughter away.

When Xia ruofei thought of this, he couldn’t help but feel a little guilty ...

The next day, Xia ruofei arrived at the office on time in the morning. He met with the leaders of the Department and listened to their recent work reports.

Working in such a company with great potential and high benefits, everyone was full of energy and the whole company was filled with a positive atmosphere.

After Xia ruofei heard everyone’s report, he gave them a few words of encouragement. At the same time, he said that the year – end bonus would not disappoint everyone. It could be considered an early boost of morale.

After the meeting ended, Xia ruofei returned to his office to deal with some backlog of work. At noon, he had some food in the staff cafeteria that had been built and went back to the office lounge to take an afternoon nap. When he woke up, he continued to work until around fouro’ clock.

Then, he stood up and walked out of the office. At the door, Xia ruofei informed Qin Yanan, who was on duty personally, and then took the private elevator down. He drove the Knight XV SUV and went straight to the Provincial Party Committee’s courtyard.