Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

2581 An excellent start (1)

Although Xia ruofei’s tone was relaxed, song Qiming could not help but feel a little nervous. The main reason was that he trusted Xia ruofei too much. He would not doubt his words at all.

“Alright, I’ll do as you say! RUO Fei, how do you think we should treat him?”

Hence, Secretary song fell into Xia ruofei’s trap without any warning. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Xia ruofei smiled and said,”uncle song, strictly speaking, it’s not really a treatment. There’s no need to continue using the medicine.” Your body’s Foundation is currently damaged, and taking medicine can’t solve the root of the problem. We still have to solve it from the root. ”

Song Qiming nodded and said,”yes!” I’ll fully cooperate with any treatment. Even if you need to leave work for a while, that’s fine. ”

To song Qiming, if he could not work normally for a long time, his important position would definitely be replaced by someone new. Therefore, he said those words because he had already made up his mind.

Xia ruofei smiled and said,”that’s not true.” Uncle song, my suggestion is to use some spare time every day to do targeted Foundation – strengthening exercises. I believe that this situation should be significantly improved. ”

Song Qiming felt even more relaxed when he heard that it would not affect his work. He chuckled and said,””No problem! You’re a doctor, so I’ll listen to you!”

Xia ruofei nodded and said,”uncle song, Chinese medicine has a long history in maintaining one’s health. I happen to know a way to nourish one’s Qi. If you exercise for a long time, it’ll strengthen your body’s Foundation. It’s very effective.” I hope that you can continue to practice this set of Qi – nurturing techniques. I believe that it won’t be long before you’ll be able to feel the changes in your body. ”

Song Qiming was slightly stunned and asked,”Qi – nurturing technique?” Is it Qigong?”

For song Qiming’s generation, the word “Qigong” definitely carried a deep scientific memory. However, most of this memory was related to scammers who pretended to be gods and ghosts. In that era where everyone practiced Qigong, countless “Masters” emerged, but in the end, it was proven that these were all fake. Countless “Masters” fell one after another into the mortal world.

Xia ruofei smiled.”You can think of it that way. However, strictly speaking, it’s not Qigong. It’s purely a Traditional Chinese Medicine health – Maintenance method.”

Song Qiming nodded and said,”let’s try it then!” However, I don’t know if I can learn it. In this aspect, I’m afraid my comprehension is ...”

“Don’t worry about that. Since I’ve brought it up, I’ll definitely teach you!” Xia ruofei joked,”as long as you follow the method I taught you and practice step by step, you’ll definitely have no problem!”

“Alright then!” Song Qiming said,”we’ll do as you say!”

Nowadays, Traditional Chinese Medicine sanatorium was everywhere. There were also many yoga classes that were very popular. The concept of health maintenance was deeply rooted in people’s hearts, so song Qiming did not think much about it.

Just like that, a high – Level leader was fooled by Xia ruofei and began a new path of evolution.

“Ruofei, when do I start learning?” Song Qiming asked.

“After dinner!” Xia ruofei said after a moment of silence.

After settling this matter, Xia ruofei secretly heaved a sigh of relief.

The two of them chatted for a while before Fang Liyun came out to inform them that the meal was ready.

Xia ruofei immediately stood up and ran to the kitchen to help serve the dishes. In a short while, the dishes were all served.

When Fang Liyun knew that Xia ruofei was coming, she went to buy the ingredients herself. The dinner today was very sumptuous, with seven or eight dishes. Among them, she even filled a large plate of her best dish, red braised carp.

Xia ruofei smiled.”Aunt Fang, you’ve made too much. How can the three of us finish it?”

“If you can’t finish it, then eat as much as you can!” Fang Liyun chuckled and said,”young men your age have the biggest appetites. When your uncle song was your age, he could eat three big bowls of white rice for every meal, even if there were no dishes!”

Song Qiming did not know whether to laugh or cry,”why do you say that?” Go and take out the bottle of wine from my cabinet! I’ll drink with ruofei!”

In fact, song Qiming had not touched any alcoholic drinks after he was injured. The doctor had also told him to avoid smoking, drinking, and spiciness. However, when Xia ruofei came to visit today, even Fang Liyun did not say anything. She agreed with a smile and went to get the wine herself.

Song Qiming personally poured Xia ruofei a glass of wine and filled his own. Fang Liyun poured a glass of fruit juice.

Song Qiming picked up his cup and said,”come, come, come!” Let’s have a drink first! If Fei were to come over today, I would be happy from the bottom of my heart! Li Yun, you too!”

Fang Liyun nodded with a smile and picked up her cup.

Xia ruofei held the cup and smiled.””Then I wish uncle and aunty good health!”

“Alright, cheers!”

“Cheers!”

Both of them finished their first glass of wine in one gulp. Fang Liyun took a sip of the fruit juice in her glass, then immediately greeted,””Ruofei, eat! Let’s eat!”

“Yes, yes, yes! Your aunt Fang has been busy since the afternoon!” Song Qiming added,”don’t you like your Auntie Fang’s braised carp the most? Come on! Have a taste!”

Then, song Qiming personally picked up a piece of fish from the belly and gave it to Xia ruofei.

Xia ruofei quickly said,”uncle song, I can do it myself!” Please continue eating!”