Chapter 260: Pure wild iron – Skin dendrobe (1)

Xia ruofei walked through the mountain forest as if it was flat ground. Very quickly, he left the area of the scenic Area and entered an undeveloped forest. Xia ruofei had undergone rigorous field survival training in the lone wolf assault team. Yandang mountain was not like the primitive jungle in the southwest. This kind of forest was not difficult for Xia ruofei. He could easily identify the direction without the help of professional equipment. As for the snakes, insects, rats, and ants in the forest, Xia ruofei was not afraid at all. Moreover, he was already prepared. After going one or two kilometers deep into the forest, the environment had become very quiet. Occasionally, birds and insects could be heard chirping in the forest. They could also vaguely hear the rustling of waterfalls and thin streams in the distance. Xia ruofei’s Eagle – like eyes scanned the surroundings and he perked up his ears to listen for a while to make sure that there was no one nearby. Thus, he found a big tree and sat down, summoning the spirit map scroll from his palm. Then, he contacted the space with his mind and took out a big Mountaineering Bag. This was the set of outdoor equipment that he had received for free when he bought the all – terrain vehicle. It came in handy today. There was a complete set of equipment inside. Xia ruofei picked out everything that could be used and put back the rest of the things like tents, sleeping bags, and picnic mats that were too heavy to be used at the moment. He quickly changed into his windbreaker, pants, and hiking shoes, then threw his clothes into the origin space. Then, Xia ruofei fiddled with the handheld GPS in his bag. After removing the battery and putting it into the GPS, Xia ruofei realized that the GPS was quite professional. It came with contour lines, terrain data, an armometer, a pressure meter, and everything else. Xia ruofei couldn’t help but grin. With it, it would save him a lot of trouble. He didn’t have to observe the terrain and direction of the mountain. This GPS could not be compared to the military – grade Beidou navigation system that Xia ruofei had used before. However, the operation was almost the same and the function was enough for Xia ruofei. He put his backpack on his back and leaned against it comfortably, fiddling with the GPS. The GPS signal was quite strong. It was indeed a special equipment for outdoor use. In this dense forest in the wilderness, they found a satellite signal very quickly. Xia ruofei found his location on the map without much effort. Then, he compared it with the map that was pre – installed with the GPS and quickly designed a route. This was also the route that he thought was most likely to find wild iron – Skin Dendrobium. According to the information he had obtained after asking CEO Lin of Tongren Hall and returning to the hotel, Xia ruofei knew that the iron – Skin dendrobes were mostly grown on the semi – damp rocks of the mountainous region, which was about 1600 meters above sea level. Therefore, the route he set was targeted at such terrain. After setting it up, Xia ruofei stood up and put on his backpack. Then, he held the GPS in his hand and continued to explore. This forest had not been developed and naturally, there were no roads. However, Xia ruofei did not feel uncomfortable walking through the bushes and thorns. He took out a machete from the medium and walked forward as he opened up a path. From time to time, he would stop and match his GPS with the Colonel ‘s. Overall, he was moving quite fast. Of course, Xia ruofei did not forget to observe the surrounding situation along the way. The terrain was similar to what was described in the information, and it was more suitable for the growth of wild iron – Skin Dendrobium. Xia ruofei would stop to take a closer look. Without realizing it, he had walked for more than half an hour according to the route he had set. However, he still found nothing. Xia ruofei was not discouraged and continued to venture deeper. The seven years of training in the Special Forces had allowed him to remain calm at all times. During the sniper training, he would often hide in a hidden spot for an entire day, unable to move at all. Gradually, Xia ruofei heard the sound of water getting louder and louder. The GPS indicated that they were approaching a waterfall. After pushing aside a Bush, Xia ruofei felt as if he was suddenly enlightened. There was a pool in front of him and water was flowing down from the cliff above the pool, splashing white water on the pool. Xia ruofei walked over and took some water to wash his face. Then, he started to look around. Suddenly, he felt that there were a few plants on the opposite cliff that looked similar. He quickly took out the telescope from his backpack and looked at it carefully. It had a cylindrical stem and was segmented like a bamboo joint. Its leaves were long, round, and needle – shaped, with a faint purple edge. It was exactly the same as the picture that Xia ruofei had found on the internet! Xia ruofei immediately revealed a look of joy. The iron – Skin Dendrobium that grew in such a deserted place was definitely pure wild. He counted as he looked through the telescope. There were a total of six iron – Skin dendrobes on the cliff. Xia ruofei put down the telescope and started to plan how to collect it. The cliff was almost 90 degrees vertical, and because of the waterfall next to it, the humidity was quite high. The rocks were covered with moss and could be said to be slippery. Xia ruofei felt that there might have been herb harvesters who came here before, but the steep terrain made it impossible for them to pick the iron – Skin Dendrobium even if they saw it. However, for Xia ruofei, who had a lot of experience in surviving in the wild and was very skilled, although it was a little difficult, it was not to the extent of being helpless. He quickly observed the terrain and compared it to the terrain data in the GPS. He quickly made a decision. Xia ruofei carried his backpack and walked a few hundred meters towards the east, bypassing the pool under the waterfall. There was a relatively gentle slope. Of course, this was only relative. To ordinary people, it was still very dangerous. Xia ruofei reached out and grabbed a protruding rock. Using the strength of his hands and feet, he climbed up the slope nimbly. Soon, he was like an agile monkey. Then, he gradually turned to the West and soon arrived at the top of the cliff. Xia ruofei could see a stream flowing at the side. It was also this mountain stream that formed the waterfall in front. Xia ruofei took out the safety rope from his bag and found a thick tree. He tied the rope firmly to it, put on gloves, and descended with both hands holding the rope. He was also bold because of his skills. Other than this rope, he did not make any other defensive measures. To Xia ruofei, such a surrender was as simple as eating and sleeping. He had done this countless times in the Army and in training. Very quickly, he landed beside a stalk of iron – skinned Dendrobium. Xia ruofei wrapped the end of the rope around his waist and turned his ankle nimbly to form a noose, which he put his foot in. Then, he grabbed the rope firmly with one hand and reached for the iron – Skin Dendrobium with the other. At this moment, Xia ruofei caught sight of something from the corner of his eye. He froze and quickly retracted his hand. He, who had always been at ease, showed a rare trace of nervousness ...Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com