Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

2592 The ridiculous truth (2)

“Big brother, you can’t say such things!” Liu Liru looked worried as she said,”this accusation is too serious! We’re all the old master’s closest people. What reason do we have to harm the old master? What good would it do to him? This didn’t make any sense! If this incident causes suspicion between us, then wouldn’t it be even more ...”

“I wouldn’t have said that if I wasn’t confident!” Liu Qunfeng said, waving his hand. And ... I didn’t say that this person must be a mole! To be honest, I’m also quite curious about her motive. What exactly was the reason for her to kill her biological father?”

As soon as Liu Qunfeng said this, Liu Chongli and his two sons secretly heaved a sigh of relief. They had been cleared of suspicion. The faces of Liu Qunfeng’s siblings changed. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Liu Qunfeng didn’t pay attention to his panicking siblings. Instead, he stared at Liu Lifang and asked,””Little sister, what do you think? Why did this person do this? Or ... What benefits does she have for doing this?”

At this moment, everyone noticed that Liu Lifang’s face was as pale as a sheet. Her hands were trembling uncontrollably, and her forehead was sweating profusely.

Liu Liru’s eyes widened as she stared at Liu Lifang and asked,”Little sister! You did this? Why? Why are you doing this?”

“I didn ‘t!” Liu Lifang instinctively shouted.

“No? If not, why are you so nervous?” Liu Liru stared at Liu Lifang and asked,”are you feeling guilty? I just thought that big brother was suspecting his own people, but I didn’t expect that it was really ...”

Liu Chongli and his two sons exchanged a look, and they both chose to remain silent.

Obviously, this was a matter between Liu Qunfeng and his siblings. Since this matter had nothing to do with Liu Chongli’s group, the best choice was to remain silent. After all, it was not appropriate to say anything.

“Sis!” Liu Qunfeng said coldly. I remember that when you came to visit dad eight days ago, you personally went to get the pills for him to eat to show your filial piety ... Then you came back the next day and opened the refrigerator to get the pills with the same reason. Little sister, do you need us to check the surveillance footage together to see what you’ve been up to in the past two days?”

When Liu Lifang heard that Liu Qunfeng was going to check the surveillance cameras, she immediately shouted,””No... Big brother! Stop looking at the surveillance, I ... I’ll tell you ...”

“We’re all listening. I hope you can give us a reasonable explanation.” Liu Qunfeng said calmly.

Liu Lifang’s lips trembled as she said,”I ... I didn’t switch dad’s medicine ...”

“Still not admitting it!” Liu Qunfeng’s eyes widened.”Do you really think I won’t punish you?” he said sternly.

“I really didn ‘t!” Liu Lifang cried out with tears in her eyes,”big brother, I ... I just touched these pills and then wrapped them up again! I ... I really didn’t think that this would have such a serious impact on dad!”

Liu Qunfeng frowned and said,”just touched?” Little sister, you’re still quibbling at this point? And with such a ridiculous excuse! Don’t you think you’re insulting our intelligence? I advise you to be honest! I also believe that you wouldn’t be so vicious as to harm your own father, so you were most likely bewitched by someone! If you tell me honestly, I can consider giving you a lighter punishment!”

Liu Lifang was at a loss for words. She said with a hint of despair,”Everything I said was the truth, and no one instructed me to do so! Even if you kill me, I’ll still say the same thing ... There’s no such thing, how do you want me to explain it?”

“Hmph! You won’t shed a tear until you see your coffin!” Liu Qunfeng snorted and said,”then tell me, why did you touch every pill for no reason? Don’t tell me you have some special fetishes? I’d like to see how you’re going to cover up this lie!”

Liu Lifang hesitated for a moment. She bit her lower lip lightly and said,””I ... I know that you might not believe me, but this is the truth! I ... I came to visit dad that day ...”

“Which day? Explain clearly!” Liu Qunfeng interrupted Liu Lifang impatiently.

“Eight days ago ...” Liu Lifang stammered.”When I came over that day, I saw the nurse taking the medicine. I was going to dad’s room, so I asked the nurse to pass the medicine to me. On the way to dad’s room, my hand accidentally touched the pill ...”

Then, Liu Lifang looked at Liu Qunfeng and the other family members timidly, then said,””At first, I didn’t pay much attention to it, but soon I remembered that Xia said that the pill shouldn’t come into direct contact with my skin ... I wanted to go back and change the pill, but when I looked at it, although my hand touched the pill, it didn’t change at all! I was also afraid of being scolded by big brother, so I kept this matter a secret and directly gave the pill to father to take. I was a little worried at first, but I saw that dad didn’t have any side effects after taking the medicine, so I was relieved ...”

“Get to the main point!” “Our patience is limited,” Liu Qunfeng said coldly.