Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

2607 Old people become smart (2)

Liu Qunfeng knew that old Liu, who used to be in the military, looked down on men wiping their tears the most, but he was too emotional today, and he couldn’t control himself.

In fact, among the siblings, Liu Qunfeng was the most similar to old master Liu. Not only in appearance, but also in style, they were almost exactly the same as old master Liu when he was young. Old master Liu also valued this eldest son the most and raised him as the successor of the family.

Liu Qunfeng took a deep breath and calmed himself down.””I’m sorry, dad, I lost my composure ...”

Of course, elder Liu knew that Liu Qunfeng was being sincere, so he had a flash of affection in his eyes. However, he quickly changed his expression and asked,””How long have I been unconscious?”

“About five days ...” Liu Qunfeng said.”Thanks to Mr. Xia, the expert medical team sent by 301 is at their wits ‘end.”

Old man Liu showed a trace of interest and said,””Oh? From your tone ... It seems that the change in my condition this time is not Xiao Xia’s fault?”

Liu Qunfeng had a troubled look on his face. He wanted to tell elder Liu the truth, but he was worried that the old man had just woken up and was still weak. He couldn’t take the shock.

However, if he had to feign ignorance and even let old master Liu misunderstand that it was caused by Xia ruofei’s poor treatment, he would not be able to live with it. Moreover, the truth would be revealed to elder Liu sooner or later.

Old man Liu frowned slightly and said,””Could it be that there’s something you’re not willing to tell me? To be able to put you in such a difficult position ... Let me guess ... There’s a mole in our Liu family? Was I poisoned this time?”

“No!” Liu Qunfeng quickly replied. No! Dad, you’re too scary ...”

Although he said that, he still couldn’t help but exclaim in his heart that the older the ginger, the spicier it was! Although the old man had been in a coma for the past few days, after he woke up, he had already made a guess that was very close to the truth based on some very small changes in the details.

“Is that so?” Old Liu stared into Liu Qunfeng’s eyes and said,”I just asked Xia. He’s not very confident in the treatment, and this is not his fault. So ... It’s very likely that the deterioration this time is man – made. Am I right?”

“Dad, I can tell you,” Liu Qunfeng said with a wry smile.”But you have to promise me that you won’t get angry or agitated. You’re still very weak ...”

Old man Liu said impatiently,””Alright! Alright! What kind of storms have I not experienced? Hurry up and tell me!”

“Yes!” Liu Qunfeng didn’t dare to hesitate any longer. He organized his words and told elder Liu everything that had happened.

As he spoke, he was carefully observing elder Liu’s condition. He had already made up his mind. If elder Liu could not take the shock and was in danger, he would rush out and ask Xia ruofei for help.

The expression on old master Liu’s face kept changing, especially when he heard that Liu Lifang was the one who had caused the entire incident. The muscles on his face could not help but Twitch.

However, Liu Qunfeng had clearly underestimated his father’s psychological endurance. Even after he finished explaining the whole thing, elder Liu didn’t seem to be too excited, only his expression became more serious.

“Dad, it’s all my fault ...” Liu Qunfeng said, blaming himself.”It’s because I didn’t discipline my younger brother and sister well enough that this happened. I ... I’ve already punished my younger sister severely. She’s still grounded in the main residence ...”

Although Liu Qunfeng had severely reprimanded Liu Lifang in front of his family and was still restricting her personal freedom, Liu Lifang was still his sister. In front of his father, who was a man of his word, he still hoped to speak up for Liu Lifang. Otherwise, he didn’t know what would happen if his father got angry.

“Don’t embarrass yourself in front of me, Qunfeng!”Old man Liu waved his hand. Don’t worry, even a vicious Tiger will not eat its Cubs ... Even if I want to punish Liu Lifang, I will not harm her life!”

Liu Qunfeng couldn’t help but curse in his heart,”even a vicious Tiger wouldn’t eat its Cubs.” He could not understand old man Liu’s decision to punish Liu haojun. Liu haojun was old man Liu’s biological grandson, and the eldest son at that. However, in the face of the family’s interests, what was the harm in sacrificing a member of the family who had made a mistake?

Even though no one had pointed it out, Liu Qunfeng knew very well what Liu haojun had been “assassinated” by. Old man Liu also knew that Liu Qunfeng was aware of this, but everyone was just pretending to be confused.

Liu Qunfeng would probably never be able to get over this in his life.

Seeing that Liu Qunfeng was silent, elder Liu frowned and asked,””Qunfeng, this means ... Even little Xia can’t do anything about it?”

“No!” Liu Qunfeng quickly said. After Mr. Xia adjusted the prescription, the treatment was quite effective. Aren’t you already awake? Also...We’ve been actively searching for the medicinal herbs listed on the list provided by Mr. Xia. As long as we have the medicinal herbs, Mr. Xia will definitely have a way to cure you!”

Old man Liu revealed an intriguing smile and asked,””I guess ... It’s very difficult to find all those medicinal herbs, right?”

Liu Qunfeng couldn’t help but ask in surprise,””Dad! How did you know?”

“Do I even need to guess?” Elder Liu said indifferently,”if those medicinal herbs weren’t difficult to find, why would Xiao Xia let you find them? These words might be a little profound, you should think about it carefully!”

“Oh ... Let me think about it ...” Liu Qunfeng said.

“Go back and think about it slowly!” Old master Liu said,”don’t be an eyesore here! I’m going to rest!”

Liu Qunfeng quickly stood up and said,”Dad, I’ll go out first. You have a good rest ...”

“En!” Old master Liu nodded and said,”tell Xiao Xia that the Liu family has no tradition of being ungrateful. He saved my life, so he’ll definitely be rewarded accordingly. I won’t let my benefactor be disappointed!”

“Alright!” “Yes,” Liu Qunfeng replied. He bowed slightly to elder Liu and left the room.

After Liu Qunfeng left, elder Liu smiled.

In the beginning, he did have a premonition that he would not be able to get over this, especially when he heard that all the life – saving medicine had been destroyed by Liu Lifang. This feeling was even stronger.

This was accompanied by a sense of powerlessness. He knew that the end of the world was approaching, but he had no way to escape. Even with his strong mental fortitude, old man Liu still felt a deep sense of helplessness.

However, after hearing Liu Qunfeng’s explanation, elder Liu calmed down.

He had a strong feeling that as long as Xia ruofei was willing to give it his all, he could save his life.

Under such circumstances, problems like “insufficient medicinal ingredients” were not worth mentioning at all.

The reason why the treatment had stagnated was because there were not enough benefits.

There was no such thing as a free lunch in this world.

In the first round of healing, Xia ruofei had already done his best. However, Liu Lifang, this pig – like teammate, had ruined everything.

This was equivalent to the second treatment. Xia ruofei would definitely not work for free! Before he saw the actual benefits, he would not show his true ability. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Old man Liu even felt that he had only been able to wake up because he was the only one who could make the final decision and offer him some benefits.

“This kid ...” Old man Liu shook his head with a smile.

He did not get angry at the possibility. Instead, he admired Xia ruofei even more.

Most of the time, the words “do whatever it takes to achieve your goal” were not necessarily derogatory.

At least, old man Liu believed in this Creed.

Old man Liu felt a wave of fatigue wash over him, and then he closed his eyes and fell into a deep sleep.

On the other side, Liu Qunfeng found Xia ruofei immediately.