Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 262: Staying overnight at laoyan mountain (1)

F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

As Xia ruofei was moving forward, he took the time to summon the spirit map scroll from his palm and used his mind to observe the situation of the Hornets. He found that the Hornet bees were flying around in the original space in a panic. When Xia ruofei felt the thousands of Hornets covering the sky, his scalp went numb and he felt a lingering fear. If he hadn’t reacted in time, he wouldn’t have stood a chance against so many Hornets. The Hornets flew around in the space for a while, and it seemed that they were very comfortable with the rich spiritual energy and the unique environment in the space, and gradually calmed down. The giant hornet’s nest was lying quietly on the soil of the dimension. It wasn’t damaged, so the hornet’s nest slowly returned to its own nest. Sensing that the swarm of Hornets had calmed down, Xia ruofei was slightly relieved. Of course, there was nothing in the original space that could be destroyed. It was full of plants, and only the red Arowana in the fish pond were more precious. However, they lived in the water, and under normal circumstances, hornet’s could not attack them. It was because of this that Xia ruofei put the hornet’s nest into the medium without worry. Xia ruofei kept the painting and continued to move forward. Along the way, he walked and stopped, and successfully found five or six wild iron – Skin dendrobes. He put them all in plastic bags and kept them in the spirit map space. In the evening, Xia ruofei found a rock and prepared to set up camp. He took out a tent, a sleeping bag, and other things from the spirit map space. Although these were civilian equipment, it was not a problem for Xia ruofei, who was very skilled. After fiddling with them and reading the instructions, he successfully set up the tent. To Xia ruofei, survival in the wild was as simple as eating and drinking. He was not uncomfortable in the mountains. After setting up the tent, he took the dagger and went into the forest. Half an hour later, Xia ruofei returned to the campsite with a wild rabbit and a pheasant. He went straight to a small stream 50 to 60 meters away and skillfully handled the prey with a military dagger. By the time Xia ruofei returned to the tent, the sky was already dark. Xia ruofei hung a camping light in his tent. He had charged it in advance in the hotel last night and it could last for 60 hours. The orange – Red light illuminated the tent, creating a very warm environment. Then, Xia ruofei lit a bonfire in front of the tent. Xia ruofei took out the camping pot, some vegetables, and a big carp from the medium. He used the water in the spatial pond to cook a large pot of fish soup and stir – fried two vegetables. Finally, he cut the pheasant into pieces and put it into the pot. He poured in the water from the spatial pond, added a little ginger, cooking wine, and salt, and began to boil the chicken soup. While the pheasant soup was boiling, Xia ruofei placed the prepared wild rabbits over the bonfire and began to roast them. Xia ruofei was very familiar with this. It could be said that the current conditions were much better than the wilderness survival training in the Army. When he was training in the wilderness, he had not brought any rations for more than ten days. He only had a military dagger and according to the rules of hiding, he was not allowed to start a fire. Xia ruofei had even eaten snake and rat meat raw. Now, with comfortable tents, warm sleeping bags, and all kinds of equipment to use at will, it was like heaven. Roasting wild rabbits was also Xia ruofei’s specialty. He skillfully sprinkled some seasoning as he flipped the rabbit. Soon, the surface of the rabbit began to turn golden, and the oil dripped into the bonfire, splashing sparks. The alluring smell of roasted meat began to fill the air. After the wild rabbit was roasted, the pheasant soup was almost done. However, Xia ruofei was not in a hurry to turn off the fire. Instead, he tore off a rabbit leg and started to eat. The crackling of the bonfire rang in his ears. He took big bites of the fragrant rabbit meat and the delicious crucian carp soup. Xia ruofei felt that this was the ultimate enjoyment. After eating half of the wild rabbit, Xia ruofei turned off the small camping gas stove and brought over the delicious wild chicken soup. After drinking another big bowl of warm pheasant soup and gnawing on two pheasant legs, Xia ruofei felt that his stomach was about to burst. Of course, he did not waste the rest of the food. The roasted rabbit was directly packed in a sealed preservation bag, and the carp and pheasant soup were also covered and sent into the spirit map space. This spirit map space was even more useful than the world’s best refrigerator. As long as food didn’t come into direct contact with the ground, it wouldn’t go bad no matter how long it was stored. After eating and drinking to her heart’s content, Xia ruofei washed up by the stream and returned to the tent. First, she scattered a special medicinal powder around the area to prevent snakes, insects, rats, and ants from invading. Then, she added quite a lot of dry wood to the bonfire. Then, he went into the tent, opened his sleeping bag, and began to rest. Xia ruofei would not risk entering the spirit map space, so he went to sleep. A Special Forces elite like Xia ruofei would still be alert even if he was asleep in the wild. If any wild beast were to approach the campsite, Xia ruofei would definitely wake up. He slept all the way until dawn, and the night passed peacefully. In the morning mist, Xia ruofei woke up to the chirping of birds. He got out of the tent, stretched, and took a deep breath of the fresh morning air of the forest. He immediately felt relaxed and happy. After washing his face and brushing his teeth by the mountain stream fifty to sixty meters away, Xia ruofei returned to his tent feeling refreshed. He took out the rabbit and chicken soup from the spirit map space that he had not finished last night and quickly heated them up to settle his breakfast. Then, he dug a pit and buried all the ashes of the bonfire that had been extinguished long ago. This was the most basic knowledge of camping, to prevent people from reigniting a Mountain Fire after leaving. Then, Xia ruofei packed up the tent, sleeping bag, and other things and threw them into the medium. At this time, Xia ruofei couldn’t help but feel that it was great to have such a spirit map space. He didn’t need to carry heavy equipment like those backpackers and could go into battle with light equipment. After packing up, Xia ruofei carried his backpack and continued on. In the morning, he had found a total of eight wild iron – Skin dendrobes by two rocks. In this way, Xia ruofei had found a total of 20 wild iron – Skin Dendrobium in the forest of laoyan mountain, which had basically met his expectations. So, he began to return by referring to the route of the handheld GPS. By noon, Xia ruofei had successfully returned to the scenic Area. When they were about to leave the forest, Xia ruofei kept all of his travel equipment back into the medium and changed into ordinary casual clothes. On the way, he stopped an empty green mini bus and rented it for 50 yuan to return to the entrance of the scenic Area. Then, Xia ruofei took a taxi to the train station. There was still more than an hour before the train back to Qiantang city would depart. In the evening, Xia ruofei boarded the flight from Qiantang to Sanshan. The trip this time was relatively smooth. Not only did he exchange two old mountain ginsengs for more than four million Yuan in cash, but he also went to laoyan mountain and found 20 wild iron – Skin dendrobes, which added new species to the space and brought new growth points of profit. But at the same time, there was a problem. There was a group of uninvited guests in the original space. Xia ruofei had been worried about how to deal with them on the plane ...