Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

2612 Elder Liu’s decision (2)

After Xia ruofei returned to the outside world, she took out a packet of Huafu biscuits from the medium and ate it with milk to fill her stomach. Then, she went to the bathroom to take a hot bath and returned to her bedroom to rest.

He slept until the evening and went to the backyard to have dinner. Xia ruofei was going to the recording room to look for a blockbuster movie. There was a great recording room in the basement of Xuanji courtyard house. The effect was not worse than the movie theater.

Suddenly, Liu Qunfeng called.

Xia ruofei picked up the phone as he walked towards the basement.””Chief Liu.”

“Mr. Xia, I’d like to ask ... How’s your work going?” Liu Qunfeng asked.

“I’ve found all the required herbs ...” Xia ruofei said.”Don’t misunderstand! These are the herbs needed for the substitute prescription I developed later. I still need a few more herbs to make the previous pill! You guys have to hurry up too. ”

“Alright! Alright!” “Mr. Xia, are you done with your work?” Liu Qunfeng asked in a low voice.

Xia ruofei replied,”no, I didn ‘t!” Don’t I still have to boil the medicine overnight? The medicine that elder Liu was going to take tomorrow was not ready yet! Your father’s health ... He can’t stop taking the medicine now. Otherwise, he might not even be able to last a week ...”

Liu Qunfeng was scared witless. He had wanted Xia ruofei to go over tonight, but Xia ruofei had already made it clear. How could he dare to mention it?

So, Liu Qunfeng just said,”Oh!” Thank you for your hard work!”

“It’s alright! It’s alright!” Xia ruofei laughed and asked,”chief Liu, what’s the matter?”

“I’m fine! I’m fine!” Liu Qunfeng quickly said,”I just want to know more about the situation. Please ... Please ...”

After that, Liu Qunfeng hung up the phone.

Xia ruofei shrugged and put his phone in his pocket. He hummed a song as he walked down the stairs and soon arrived at the recording room.

The computers here were connected to the internet, so he found a blockbuster with good ratings on a video website. It had just been taken out of the cinema chain and had started to broadcast online. Xia ruofei paid for this movie directly.

The computer was connected to a laser projector, and the contents of the screen were directly projected onto the big screen.

The clarity of the laser projection was very good. Coupled with the surround sound system, there was basically no difference in the experience of watching the movie here and in the cinema. On the other hand, the seating conditions and viewing environment here were much better than in the cinema.

……

While Xia ruofei was watching a movie in the recording room, Liu Qunfeng came to old master Liu’s ward on the second floor.

He came to the bed and said to old man Liu respectfully,””Dad, I’ve already called Mr. Xia.”

“What did he say?” Old man Liu asked weakly.

“He’s still busy brewing the Chinese medicine for you to drink tomorrow,” said Wang Yao. Liu Qunfeng said,”I saw that he was so busy, so I ...”

“Didn’t you ask him to come over tonight?” Old man Liu asked.

“En!” Liu Qunfeng nodded and said,”he’s been brewing the medicine all night, so he should be here tomorrow morning. I think ... One night won’t make a difference!”

“Then you didn’t say that I was looking for him?” asked old man Liu.

“No...” Liu Qunfeng shook his head nervously.

“Of course we don’t need one more night,” old man Liu said with a smile,”but do you believe that if you said that I was looking for him, he would definitely come over overnight?” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“I ... I believe you.” Liu Qunfeng said.

“Qunfeng, do you know why?” Old Liu looked at Liu Qunfeng and asked.

“I can’t guess.” Liu Qunfeng said honestly,”as far as I know, Mr. Xia is a very opinionated person. It’s hard for others to change his mind and decision.”

“That also depends on who and when!” Old man Liu said,”this little devil, as long as he heard that I’m looking for him, he will definitely run over!”

“Dad, you mean ...” Liu Qunfeng also seemed to have realized something.

“That’s right!”Old man Liu laughed. He definitely knows that I’m looking for him ... Which means I’m offering him a condition ... Is he really selfless by sparing no effort in running around? If it’s for that stubborn old man, I’ll believe it! For me? Hehe ... We don’t have any friendship with him!”

“I know that.” Liu Qunfeng said,”Mr. Xia has never hidden this. And I guess ...... His fees this time won’t be too low. ”

“That’s for sure!” Old master Liu said,”he asked for money twice for the same illness ... It’s all that unfilial daughter’s fault!”

“Dad, don’t get so worked up, you can’t ...” Liu Qunfeng quickly said.

“I’m not excited, I’m just sighing. ” Old man Liu said,”Qunfeng, Did you know? I had always felt that I was used to seeing life and death. I was already able to calmly accept the natural laws of life, aging, illness, and death. However, this time ...”

A trace of fear flashed through old man Liu’s eyes, and he continued,””This time, I truly felt the approach of death. When I woke up from my unconscious state, I heard the chirping of birds outside the window and the sunlight shining in. I suddenly felt that it was great to be alive! “When the doctors and nurses are busy removing the catheter for me, I think ... As long as I can continue living, I’m willing to pay any price. Money, reputation, status, power ... They are all mere worldly possessions!”

“Yes!” Liu Qunfeng nodded.”You’re the pillar of our family. For your health, our family will do anything!”

“So ...” Old master Liu said,”I’ve decided to give Xia ruofei a condition that he can’t refuse. I want him to not hold back and treat me!”

In fact, old master Liu knew better than anyone that Xia ruofei had held back when she treated him.

He was still not sure about the treatment this time, but he was sure that Xia ruofei did not plan to cure him in a short time last time. Although this ‘accident’ was a disaster, it was also an opportunity.

Even in his dreams, old man Liu wanted to get rid of the illness. Especially after the near – Death experience, he had become even more protective of his life.

When an ambitious person started to value his life, the bottom line that he had stuck to for the sake of his family in the past would no longer be the bottom line.

Elder Liu looked at Liu Qunfeng and asked,””Qunfeng, do you want to hear what I’m going to offer Xia ruofei?”

“Dad!”Liu Qunfeng said respectfully. No matter what decision you make, I’ll agree with it and obey it unconditionally!”

The entire clan belonged to old man Liu. The others could only follow his decision. Not to mention, Liu Qunfeng was the one who was most determined to carry out elder Liu’s orders.

Old man Liu’s eyes revealed a hint of satisfaction. He said indifferently, ” “But I still want to hear your opinion.”

“Please speak!” Liu Qunfeng said respectfully.

Old man Liu’s eyes lit up. He looked at the ceiling and said slowly, ” “I’ll give him a few conditions to choose from. First, pay him 3 billion USD for his treatment.”

The first condition made Liu Qunfeng take a deep breath. It was not a small amount. Even though the Liu family’s family business was large, wealth was not what they were most desperate for. They had not developed it into a super consortium, so it was impossible for the Liu family to take out three billion dollars in one go. To raise so much money, the Liu family would have to sell some of their assets and pay in installments.

What was certain was that if they really had to spend such a large sum of money, it would definitely be a major blow to the Liu family’s company Group. It would take several years for them to recover.

Elder Liu looked at Liu Qunfeng and continued, ” ” Second, give him 40% of the family group’s shares! ”

This time, Liu Qunfeng couldn’t help but scream, ” “Forty percent! Dad, you’re not wrong, right?

...