Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

2613 The green cloud Island (1)

The three billion US dollars that old man Liu had offered had already given Liu Qunfeng a huge shock. However, according to Xia ruofei’s list of medicinal herbs, just the Amethyst blood radish alone had been auctioned off for a sky – High price of 200 million US dollars three years ago. The pill that was made using more than a dozen medicinal herbs that were at least as precious as the Amethyst blood radish and could even cure old man Liu’s illness was indeed priceless.

In that case, even three billion dollars was not too much.

Even though this amount of money was definitely an astronomical figure for the Liu family, and they might even have to sell a considerable portion of their businesses to be able to gather it, this was at least an acceptable condition.

After all, three billion dollars was nothing compared to the life of elder Liu.

However, the second condition that elder Liu mentioned made even Liu Qunfeng feel that it was ridiculous.

Forty percent of the family group’s shares, what kind of concept was that?

The Liu family was a big family. Some of the core members of the family, including Liu Qunfeng himself, more or less held a part of the family group’s shares. The shares distributed among the family members were about thirty percent.

The remaining 70% was actually held by old man Liu himself.

If he gave Xia ruofei forty percent of the shares, Xia ruofei would become the biggest shareholder of the Liu family’s business.

Moreover, the human heart was the hardest to guess. The family members held 30% of the shares! These shares were scattered among so many people, so it was hard to guarantee that no one would be willing to sell their shares.

Xia ruofei only needed to buy 11% more of the company’s shares to complete his control of the company.

Then wouldn’t the Liu family’s family business be changed to Xia?

If it wasn’t for elder Liu, Liu Qunfeng would have berated him without hesitation, thinking that he was crazy.

However, he did not dare to go against old man Liu’s words.

Elder Liu glanced at Liu Qunfeng and asked,” “You can’t keep your cool anymore?” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Liu Qunfeng smiled bitterly and said,”dad!” Your conditions are a little too scary. I was really startled ... I think other family members, such as uncle Chongli, would have a bigger reaction after hearing it ...”

“Whoever has an opinion has to hold it in!” Old man Liu pursed his lips and said,”it’s the same even if you have an opinion!”

“No!” Liu Qunfeng quickly replied. No! If you’ve decided, I’ll definitely support you! No second opinion!”

So what if they didn’t support him? With his small number of shares, he had no right to speak at all. Furthermore, even if old man Liu didn’t have any shares, no one in the Liu family would dare to disobey his orders.

“I’m not done yet!”Old man Liu said indifferently. My third option is green cloud Island and 500 million US dollars. ”

Liu Qunfeng was already drenched in cold sweat when he heard elder Liu’s second condition, so he didn’t react as strongly to the third condition, even though it was also painful for the Liu family.

This was the result of comparison. If elder Liu had said the third condition first, Liu Qunfeng would have cried out in shock.

But now, in his opinion, no matter what, it was not as scary as losing 40% of the family group’s shares, even though the third condition was also a great sacrifice for the Liu family.

500 million dollars in cash was not a problem. At least it was more acceptable than 3 billion dollars or 40% of the family group’s shares.

The key was still the blue cloud Island that old man Liu had mentioned.

This Island was not in the territory of Hua Xia, but in the vast South Pacific Ocean. It belonged to the agate Island of the South Pacific Ocean. This agate was made up of a series of islands, of which the blue cloud Island was far away from the other islands in the archipelago and was the second largest island in the whole archipelago. The largest island was naturally the island where the capital of the agate was located.

Of course, at that time, the blue cloud Island was not called the blue cloud Island. This was the name that the Liu Clan changed after buying it.

The ponautu used to be a colony of France and only became independent in the 1990s. Due to the intentional manipulation of the relevant countries, the domestic situation had always been chaotic, with riots or coups happening from time to time.

The Liu family had also seized an opportunity to buy the permanent ownership of the blue cloud Island during a change of regime in the agate map.

At that time, ponautu was in power of a military government, controlled by a Colonel. Poverty and chaos were the norm in this country. The Liu family offered a sky – High price of one billion US dollars, and the Colonel President agreed with little hesitation. He passed the Congress vote as quickly as possible. Those who opposed him in the Congress had been thrown into the Pacific Ocean to feed the fish. His will was the highest order in the Congress, and it was impossible to pass.

Just like that, the Liu family obtained the permanent ownership of the green cloud Island.

Although it was not an independent country, the Cornelius acknowledged the high degree of autonomy of the island. Moreover, according to the original purchase agreement, blue cloud Island could have its own defensive power, and the ponaintu could not interfere with the daily affairs of blue cloud Island.

In fact, it was already independent.

In the years that followed, the Liu family had been vigorously building the green cloud Island. The purpose was to leave the last place for the family to rest overseas. In case the family suffered a great disaster, at least the clansmen would have a place to go.