Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

2623 The Taixu xuanqing formation (1)

The helicopter pilot, who had long been instructed by Liu Qingfeng to pay great attention to this flight, respectfully asked after the plane took off,””Mr. Xia, where do you want to start?” Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Xia ruofei said,”there’s no specific purpose. Just fly two circles above the island. Then, we’ll fly around the island a few times. I’m just looking around!”

“Understood!” After the pilot finished speaking, he lifted the helicopter’s main matrix lever and pushed the control lever forward at the same time. The helicopter began to accelerate and fly forward.

Even if they went straight to the target, the pilot would not be able to notice anything. However, Xia ruofei did not do so out of caution.

He wouldn’t show any special interest until he got hold of the island. Otherwise, with Liu Kuan and old master Liu’s experience, the Liu family might change their mind.

The helicopter first flew over the sky of green cloud Island. Because the island was not very large, such a flight route could basically have a panoramic view of the entire Island.

Xia ruofei also pretended to be interested and pointed at the buildings on the ground from time to time to ask the pilot some questions.

Following that, the helicopter pilot followed Xia ruofei’s instructions and flew the Super Jaguar out of the vicinity of Qingyun Island. Then, it started to fly around the periphery of Qingyun Island.

Xia ruofei’s eyes revealed a trace of anticipation, but he did not show any abnormality. Even his sitting posture did not change. He was still leaning on the seat with his right hand on his side of the porthole, his fingers tapping rhythmically.

The helicopter flew slowly around Qingyun Island and gradually approached the angle that Xia ruofei had observed on the peach source in the morning. It was almost at an angle of about 60 degrees from the extension of the airport runway. As the runway was 3000 meters long as a reference, it was easy to judge.

As the helicopter got closer to the best observation point, Xia ruofei started to focus. He scanned the surroundings and quickly formed a three – dimensional image of Qingyun Island and the nearby islands. He then combined the information with the location and did a comprehensive analysis.

Xia ruofei’s attainments in the Dao of formations were no longer ignorant. He had already digested and absorbed the many ancient books on formations in the Jade talisman of inheritance. Although he had not put it into practice and could barely be called a formation master, he had a rich reserve of formation theories.

The shape and position of the island, as well as the surrounding islands and reefs, were undoubtedly in line with the great Dao of heaven and earth. Xia ruofei’s intuition was very accurate on this point. He had already determined it at first glance on the peach origin.

Now that they were flying in a helicopter again at a lower altitude, the details were more complete. Xia ruofei was more confident in his judgment.

Finally, the helicopter slowly flew over the best observation point. At that moment, the three – dimensional image in Xia ruofei’s mind was completely formed and it matched one of the formations that he had mastered.

Even though Xia ruofei was mentally prepared and had a good control of his energy, he still could not help but open his mouth slightly at this moment. His pupils shrank and he revealed a shocked expression.

However, the pilot was focused on operating the helicopter. In addition, Xia ruofei was wearing a big headset and her face was turned to the right, so the helicopter pilot did not notice at all.

Xia ruofei quickly adjusted his emotions. Even when the helicopter flew over the best observation point, his expression did not change much.

But in fact, at this moment, his heart was already in turmoil!

Although Xia ruofei was still looking out of the cabin, if one observed carefully, one would notice that his eyes were rather empty. This was because he was completely immersed in the three – dimensional image in his mind and was constantly comparing it with a large array recorded in the ancient array book.

The Taixu xuanqing formation!

It was a comprehensive array that was listed as an important position in the array DAO Records. With Xia ruofei’s current array Dao cultivation, he was still far from being able to set up such a large array. According to the description in an array Dao ancient book, this array was usually set up in important places by sects with very strong overall strength. In history, it had even become a sect – protecting array.

It would take a lot of effort to set up such a complicated array, but now there was a natural one. Was this just the work of nature? Xia ruofei couldn’t help but feel suspicious.

However, no matter how he looked at it, the blue cloud Island and the surrounding islands were all naturally formed. There were no traces of man – made at all. Moreover, in history, all the people who lived here were local Aboriginals, mainly brown people. Could it be that there were some cultivation experts among these people?

Based on Xia ruofei’s understanding of the cultivation world on earth, the inheritance of array Dao was mainly from the eastern cultivation world. There were relatively few cultivators outside of China, and there seemed to be no records of them cultivating array Dao.

Unless a cultivator from the East found this place and set up the Taixu xuanqing formation.

However, based on Xia ruofei’s current observation, he could not find any traces left behind by the cultivators.

During the tour, Xia ruofei had released his spiritual power from time to time to investigate. There was nothing unusual on the island. Of course, there were many traces of man – made work, but they were all left behind by the Liu family after they had developed the island. There were no traces of cultivators.