Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

2626 The star Seizer sect (2)

The star Seizer sect was located in the South China Sea and had been in seclusion for many years. The most senior disciples were Zheng Yongshou’s master, Luo Qingfeng, and his uncle – Master, Chi Qingcheng. Luo Qingfeng had just broken through to the Golden core stage in recent years, while Chi Qingcheng was still stuck at the ninth level of the Qi refining stage and had not been able to break through.

For the past few decades, due to the continuous deterioration of Earth’s cultivation environment, the cultivation of cultivators had generally stagnated. The older generation of cultivators had also withered under the erosion of time. A sect like the star Seizer sect that had a golden core cultivator in charge was already quite a good sect.

Due to the lack of cultivation resources, Luo Qingfeng was the only one who had broken through to the Golden core stage in recent years.

Many cultivation sects realized that if they were isolated from the world, they might wither even faster. After all, cultivation also required the accumulation of resources. Therefore, more and more sects sent their disciples into the secular world to gather money and resources for their sects.

Wang Boshan was a disciple of the star Seizer sect that had come to the secular world.

In the eyes of many cultivators, this was a drudgery. After all, the cultivation environment in the sect was definitely much better than the outside world, and there were Masters and elders to guide them at any time. Once they left the sect and went to the secular world, the impact on their cultivation was really too great.

However, there were also some people who were willing to go to the secular world.

The reason was very simple. These people felt that they had no future in cultivation, especially today when the cultivation environment continued to deteriorate. There were many such pessimists.

After arriving in the secular world, with the support of the sect, at least he would have no problem eating and drinking well.

Since he couldn’t pursue longevity, why did he have to live a life of simple cultivation? It’s better to be carefree and at ease, so that it’s not a waste to come to this world.

Wang Boshan had the same mentality. He came last in the sect competition, so he simply applied to come to the secular world.

Generally speaking, the sect disciples sent to the secular world had a certain level of cultivation and the sect’s resources support, so it was easy for them to develop.

They also usually relied on the advantages of their sects to run some medicine or even Feng Shui businesses in the secular world. After they developed well, they would even set up a group company and search for senior management talents. They would even get involved in finance, real estate, and other industries.

In any case, their only goal was to earn as much money as possible for the sect. In addition, when they discovered cultivation resources, they would take them at all costs.

The Amethyst blood radish that the Liu family had discovered had been auctioned off for a sky – High price of 200 million US dollars a few years ago. In reality, it had been bought by a sect’s secular person – in – charge without any hesitation after discovering it.

In Xia ruofei’s eyes, this spiritual herb was not very precious. However, it was a rare resource in the cultivation world.

The person in charge had also been rewarded with a lot of resources by the sect for finding the Amethyst blood radish.

The reason why Zheng Yongshou left the sect and came to the South Pacific island ten thousand miles away was also because of the information sent back by Wang Boshan.

A year ago, Wang Boshan discovered that the green cloud Island seemed to be somewhat different because of a chance. Of course, with his cultivation, he could not accurately judge that the green cloud Island was a natural array like Xia ruofei. He could even match the name of the array immediately. However, as a cultivator, Wang Boshan could still sense it.

Therefore, he specially checked it a few more times. With his limited knowledge of arrays, he faintly felt that the green cloud Island was not simple, so he reported it without hesitation.

The star Seizer sect immediately sent out Zheng Yongshou, who was the most talented in array formations. Zheng Yongshou’s cultivation was only at refined Qi Level 7, but he was astonishingly talented in array formations. Furthermore, the star Seizer sect was also known for its array formations. The sect had many array formations manuals, and Zheng Yongshou’s attainments in array formations were no less than that of the sect leader, Luo Qingfeng.

After Zheng Yongshou went to the scene to check it out, he immediately recognized the Taixu xuanqing formation formed by the blue cloud Island and the surrounding islands. This discovery made him pleasantly surprised.

Regardless of whether the star Seizer sect had enough resources to activate the natural formation on green cloud Island, Zheng Yongshou’s first thought was naturally to take it down.

If he could successfully modify the Azure cloud Island and let the Taixu xuanqing formation operate, the environment on the Azure cloud Island would be even better than the star picking Island where the star picking sect’s headquarters was located. This would be a great contribution!

Therefore, Zheng Yongshou immediately instructed Wang Boshan to buy the green cloud Island at all costs.

In the beginning, Wang Boshan was also full of enthusiasm. He also realized that his contribution this time was great. He was the first one who discovered the difference of the green cloud Island. If he was the one who eventually took over the ownership of the green cloud Island, then most of the credit for this matter would fall on him.

Although he no longer had any extravagant hopes for the path of cultivation, if the sect could reward him with some resources, then his cultivation would also have the opportunity to improve further. No matter what, who would refuse to become stronger? Furthermore, with a higher cultivation, one’s lifespan would also be extended!

Therefore, Wang Boshan actively began to inquire in many ways.

He had thought that a small island country like agate could be done with money. How could these Japanese Aboriginals have seen so much money?

Wang Boshan had been running the sect’s company in the secular world well these years. His cash flow was quite sufficient and he could transfer hundreds of millions of us dollars at any time.

However, after asking around, he found out that things were not that simple.

It turned out that as early as more than a decade ago, the state of ponautu had already sold the island. In the beginning, Wang Boshan was still very nervous, worried that some sect would beat him to it. After asking around, he was relieved. It turned out that it was just a big family in China who bought it.

Moreover, Zheng Yongshou had also seen that the natural formation of the blue cloud Island had not been activated at all. The construction of the Liu family over the years had not used any means of cultivators. It was obvious that they had only built this as their last refuge.

Therefore, Wang Boshan immediately tried to get in touch with the Liu family, hoping to buy the blue cloud Island with money.

Naturally, the Liu family refused flatly. They were not short of money, and old man Liu attached great importance to the construction of Qingyun Island at that time. He even bought the island from the agate map after setting up a trap. How could he resell it for money?

Therefore, this matter was in a stalemate. Wang Boshan tried hard in many ways, but it was difficult to find a breakthrough.

Zheng Yongshou couldn’t stay in the secular world for long. He returned not long after he confirmed the nature of the great array on green cloud Island. However, he was very obsessed with array Dao. In addition, after the head of the star Seizer sect, Luo Qingfeng, heard his report, he also attached great importance to this matter. There had been no progress on Wang Boshan’s side, so during this period, Luo Qingfeng had sent Zheng Yongshou over many times to supervise the operation.

This was already the third time Zheng Yongshou had left the mountain to supervise this matter, and his patience was almost worn out. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Therefore, this time, Zheng Yongshou directly asked Wang Boshan to come to evac, the capital of the agate, to see him. It was obvious that he wanted to start from the agate.

After listening to Wang Boshan’s complaints, Zheng Yongshou frowned and said,””Alright, alright, don’t go too far! Boshan, if this matter is completed, it will be a great merit! Originally, shizun was full of praise for you, but your work efficiency is too low. He has been quite critical of you recently!”

Wang Boshan quickly replied,”junior uncle Zheng, I swear to God!” You know that I’ve been running around for this matter and I’ve spent a lot of energy, but ... The other party is not convinced. I don’t have any good ideas at the moment!”

Wang Boshan carefully observed Zheng Yongshou’s expression, and then continued,””The Liu family is quite influential in Huaxia, and didn’t the sect leader say so? In the secular world, it’s best to follow the rules of the secular world. Problems that can be solved with money are best solved with money ... The problem is that money can’t solve them now ...”

“I don’t think so!” Zheng Yongshou said. If money can’t solve the Liu family’s problem, can’t we solve the problem with the agate?”