Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Chapter 264: An earth – shaking evolution (1)

Xia ruofei first found a mechanical factory in the suburbs Changping and entrusted them to process a rectangular iron cage with a length and width of one meter and a height of two meters. He also asked them to install the same kind of metal mesh on the inside and outside of the iron cage. Since Xia ruofei had offered to double the price, the mechanical processing plant naturally did not say anything and immediately started to process the iron cage. It did not require any technical content. Xia ruofei did not even have any requirements for the appearance, nor did he need to paint it. As long as they pushed back the other work, they could earn double the reward, so why not? After Xia ruofei paid the deposit, he drove to San Shan city. At the southeast Branch of Hengfeng jewelry, Xia ruofei got a piece of Jade worth 4 million Yuan from manager Feng. Just like the last time, Xia ruofei took the goods first, then immediately went to the bank to transfer the money and happily completed the transaction. After leaving the bank, Xia ruofei made a call to the machine factory and found out that the cage was ready. So, he took the Jade and drove back to the machinery processing plant in Changping County. The large iron cage was placed in the yard of the machinery processing plant. According to Xia ruofei’s request, the length and width were one meter each and the height was about two meters. The entire rectangular iron cage was covered with metal gauze on all five sides, both inside and outside, and was tightly wrapped. The last side was also emptied according to Xia ruofei’s request. It was equivalent to a two – meter tall rectangular cover. The boss of the machinery processing plant was very friendly. He immediately called for a few workers to carry the iron cage to the back of Xia ruofei’s pickup truck. After Xia ruofei paid the remaining amount, he drove back to Taoyuan farm. On the way, Xia ruofei found an empty spot and stopped the car. He summoned the spirit painting scroll from his palm and went to the back of the pickup truck to cut all the steel wires that fixed the cage. Then, he held the spirit map scroll in one hand and the iron cage in the other. He sent a command to the space with his mind. The next moment, the iron cage disappeared into thin air. In the spirit map space, the iron cage fell from the sky and covered the giant hornet’s nest according to Xia ruofei’s instructions. Xia ruofei’s original intention of making an iron cage was to add a protective shield outside the hornet’s nest. This way, if anything happened, he would be able to control it. After all, there were too many of them. If it was like last night, Xia ruofei had trapped the entire hornet’s nest. Otherwise, once all the hornet’s nest flew out, it would be very difficult for Xia ruofei to control more than 2000 hornet’s at once, even with his strong spatial control. Adding such a cover was equivalent to adding a layer of insurance. Xia ruofei sensed the situation in the space and saw that the iron cage had appeared at the predetermined position. He then returned to the driver’s seat with a peace of mind and drove back to Peach Blossom Farm. When Xia ruofei reached home, she carried the large metal box filled with Jade and went straight upstairs to her room. He quickly locked the door and windows, opened the metal box, and summoned the spirit map scroll from his palm. Xia ruofei deftly fed pieces of valuable Jade to the painting. The Jade that was worth 4 million Yuan could not withstand the absorption of the spirit painting scroll. It did not take long for the metal box to be empty. During the entire process, Xia ruofei did not try to sense the state of the space. After he had absorbed all the Jade, he entered the space with a thought. Xia ruofei reappeared in front of the nameless plant in the original space. The first thing he felt was that the spiritual Qi in the space was much denser, but he didn’t have the time to feel it carefully. Instead, he couldn’t wait to look at the spiritual fruit. With one look, Xia ruofei was overjoyed! The spirit fruit had already turned completely dark red and was emitting an extremely alluring fragrance. As long as one took a deep breath, they would feel as if their bodies were floating! This spirit fruit was completely ripe! Xia ruofei was very clear that this meant that after absorbing more than 14 million Yuan worth of Jade, the spirit map space had finally completed its upgrade. Xia ruofei turned his attention to the other spiritual fruit. It had grown out again after being picked last time. The evolution of the realm this time clearly had a catalytic effect on this spirit fruit. It had also grown a lot in an instant. Previously, it had been growing slowly. Xia ruofei could not even feel its growth. But this time, it had grown to the size of the ripe spiritual fruit. Other than the fact that there was a hint of green in its color, this spirit fruit was basically the same as a ripe spirit fruit. In other words, it wouldn’t be long before this spirit fruit ripened. This was really good news! Xia ruofei carefully plucked the ripe spiritual fruit and stored it in a Tupperware. Then, he began to observe the changes in the space. Just as he had expected, the size of the original space had not changed at all, still about eight acres. Of course, the spirit Qi was much denser than before the upgrade. Xia ruofei felt that this place was similar to the spiritual mountains and treasured places in novels. He felt relaxed and happy just by taking a deep breath. In such an environment, even without the acceleration of time, animals and plants would still grow faster and of higher quality than the outside world. Xia ruofei walked around the original space and did not notice any other changes. He then went to the new space. As soon as he entered the new space, Xia ruofei suddenly felt that the whole world had become much wider. The density of the spiritual energy here was the same as the original space, but the size of the space was completely different. After the upgrade, Xia ruofei felt that the entire space was vast and boundless. Of course, this was only what he saw with his naked eye. In fact, he still had to measure how much it had expanded. However, there was a more obvious change. The entire terrain had changed. The original Hill had at least doubled in height, and it looked a little steep and towering. And the stream that flowed around the small mountain had also widened a lot, becoming a River, and also faintly had the momentum of surging. The small lake at the end of the river had expanded several times. This small lake, which was originally only about one mu in size, was now sparkling and no longer looked like a small pond. Xia ruofei was mentally prepared. He knew that after the upgrade, the new space would expand and change to a certain extent. But he didn’t expect the change to be so great. In the past, the original space would double in size every time it was upgraded, but the new space was obviously larger than that. Whether it was the area, the river, Lake, or even the mountain, they were all several times larger than the original size. The evolution this time could be said to be earth – shaking. He climbed to the top of the mountain and looked around, which further confirmed his judgment. It was no longer easy to see the space membrane in the distance with the naked eye. Xia ruofei jumped into the all – terrain vehicle and drove straight to the space membrane. He walked around the entire space along the space membrane and roughly estimated that the total area of the new space was close to 200 acres. Compared to the last time it was not fully evolved, it was five times larger. In other words, the complete evolution this time had caused the entire space to complete a leap from quantitative change to qualitative change. This explained why the space had only expanded from 20 mu to 40 mu after absorbing 10 million Yuan of Jade last time, but this time, it had expanded to 200 mu after absorbing only 4 million Yuan of Jade. Xia ruofei parked his car and went to the mysterious stone tablet with a trace of anticipation and anxiety. Xia ruofei had examined the stone tablet before it evolved. Although he did not find anything, he could not forget the golden light he had glimpsed. Now that the space’s evolution had been completed, and his spiritual connection with the space had been significantly improved, would he find something new in the stone tablet?