Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 265: Chapter 261 – exploring the stone stele again (1)

F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Xia ruofei walked to the stone tablet and slowly reached out with his right hand. Then, his slightly trembling hand gently pressed on the stone tablet. He closed his eyes and focused his mind to sense it. Blackie, Da Mao, and ER Mao, who had been following Xia ruofei, seemed to have realized that he was doing something very important. The few puppies did not make a sound, but stood around Xia ruofei warily, even if there was no danger in this space. Xia ruofei immediately felt that familiar connection. Although it was still faint, it was obviously much closer than before. Xia ruofei’s mind was still filled with endless fog. With his previous experience, Xia ruofei immediately focused his mind and explored the fog. After a while, Xia ruofei successfully found the Golden spot that he could not forget. The golden light in the mist seemed to contain all the truths of the world. The moment Xia ruofei’s mind sensed it, it was as if his soul let out a comfortable sigh. The last time Xia ruofei sensed this golden light, his spiritual energy had been exhausted and was quickly expelled by the stone tablet. This time, it was obviously much better. Perhaps it was due to the strengthening of Xia ruofei’s spiritual connection with the space, or of course, the improvement of his own abilities. Lao Ai would still absorb the petals of the strange flower regularly to strengthen his abilities. Xia ruofei focused all his attention on sensing the golden light. Xia ruofei could feel the golden light getting clearer and bigger, as if he was zooming in on it. Xia ruofei felt as if his entire soul was bathed in a soft light. The joy that came from the depths of his soul made him tremble. Gradually, Xia ruofei felt that the golden light turned into a small golden person. Furthermore, this tiny golden person wasn’t standing still. He was demonstrating a set of extremely strange movements. Hands, feet, body, head ... Different movements combined into a strange posture. It looked similar to yoga, but only in form. Xia ruofei could feel that it had nothing to do with yoga in essence, although the movements were equally incredible. Although the little golden man’s movements were very strange, it gave Xia ruofei a feeling of unparalleled coordination. His hands and feet were obviously twisted at an incredible angle, but it was very comfortable to look at. It was as if this was the most suitable posture for heaven and earth ... Soon, Xia ruofei felt that his spiritual energy was almost exhausted. He gritted his teeth and focused his mind on sensing the little golden man’s every move. He discovered that the little golden man demonstrated a total of nine postures, and after each demonstration, the little golden man would start from the first posture again, over and over again, repeating it. Xia ruofei concentrated on sensing the surroundings, not wanting to miss any detail. Soon, he felt a sharp pain in his mind. He groaned and his mind was quickly expelled from the stone tablet. Xia ruofei took a deep look at the wordless stone tablet and felt that it was unfathomable. He knew that this was all he could sense from the stone tablet after his evolution. If he wanted to continue exploring, he would have to wait until the next evolution. Xia ruofei thought of the little golden man’s nine postures that he had just sensed. His heart skipped a beat and he sat down. He tried hard to recall the posture he had just sensed. But the result made him pale with fright. Xia ruofei realized that other than the first position, which he could remember clearly as if it was imprinted in his mind, he had completely forgotten the other eight positions. However, he clearly remembered that the little golden man had been repeating the nine postures. However, when it came to the last eight positions, Xia ruofei had no impression at all. He could not remember at all. Xia ruofei could not understand. He had clearly tried his best to remember the nine sets of postures, and the time he took to look at these strange postures was the same. Logically speaking, it was impossible for him to only remember one set and completely forget the other eight sets! Selective memory? What was going on? Although Xia ruofei was puzzled, he had to accept the truth. However, he was even more curious about the only strange posture he could remember. Hence, Xia ruofei decided to give it a try. This weird posture required a lot of flexibility, but Xia ruofei thought he could do it. He quickly put on the difficult pose according to his memory. However, other than the slight pain in a few ligaments that were pulled, Xia ruofei did not think that there was anything special about this set of movements. He furrowed his brows slightly and carefully examined his own movements. He compared them with the little golden man’s movements that were deeply engraved in his mind. Then, he realized that there were slight differences between his movements and the little golden man’s movements. Hence, Xia ruofei made some adjustments. In fact, there were only small differences such as his head not leaning back enough and his feet not being straightened. However, the moment Xia ruofei adjusted his body to the right position, he felt an intense pain. It was as if all the meridians in his body were pulled. Xia ruofei sucked in a breath of cold air and broke out in a cold sweat. However, Xia ruofei gritted his teeth and persevered. He could vaguely feel that the little golden man’s set of movements was extraordinary and wanted to persist as long as possible. Seven years of life in the Special Forces had honed Xia ruofei’s perseverance. He was enduring pain that ordinary people could not imagine every second. Large beads of sweat kept dripping from his forehead, but he persevered. One minute passed. Two minutes passed. …… After about five minutes, Xia ruofei’s lower lip was bleeding from biting it. He finally couldn’t hold on any longer and collapsed on the ground. He could no longer maintain that strange posture. It was strange but as soon as Xia ruofei got out of that position, the bone – piercing pain immediately disappeared. What replaced it was an extreme comfort. Xia ruofei felt as if he was in a hot spring. His entire body was warm. After a short rest, Xia ruofei stood up. To his surprise, he realized that his skin had started to exude a foul – smelling black impurity. This had only happened after Xia ruofei had absorbed the petals of the exotic flower. Could it be that this set of seemingly simple and strange movements was actually more effective than absorbing the petals of the strange flower? Xia ruofei suddenly had this thought. He walked down the mountain. When he took his first step, he immediately felt that his body was much lighter. He quickly came to the flat ground at the foot of the mountain and tried to do the standing long jump. Xia ruofei easily jumped more than three meters without using all his strength. This was the result of a high – Level athlete. I’ve actually become as light as a swallow ... Xia ruofei was a little dumbfounded. Xia ruofei was more aware of the value of this seemingly simple yet strange movement. Xia ruofei didn’t have time to check if there were any other changes. He immediately left the spirit map space. Because his body was sticky and reeking of a foul smell, Xia ruofei couldn’t stand it anymore. He couldn’t wait to take a shower. P.S.: I can only watch two chapters today, so I’ll owe everyone another chapter! The child’s fever did not go down, and his body temperature even got higher at night. He took anti – inflammatory drugs and physical cooling. His body temperature exceeded 38.5 degrees at 11 O’ clock and he even took fever medicine. He couldn’t calm down and write his story. Please understand. Oh, by the way, the book doesn’t have any thoughts of letting the protagonist cultivate for the time being, and the content of this chapter has nothing to do with cultivation~