Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 266: Chapter 262 – as easy as arms and fingers (1)

Xia ruofei returned to the outside world and took a shower three times in the bathroom before she was finally able to wash away the sticky black grease – like impurities on her body. After changing into his sportswear, Xia ruofei returned to the new space. He was full of anticipation for that strange – looking movement. Xia ruofei could not wait to feel the changes in his body when he was in the bathroom. He felt that the changes were enough to be described as being reborn. To be able to achieve such a remarkable effect in just five minutes, this posture that looked like nothing special except for strangeness was definitely not ordinary! Xia ruofei also remembered that the little golden man had demonstrated a total of nine positions. He couldn’t help but look forward to it even more. What kind of changes would the later positions bring to his body? However, no matter how hard Xia ruofei tried to recall, he could not remember anything. It was as if that piece of memory had been blocked. Xia ruofei did not have a better solution. He speculated that there were two possibilities. First, when he practiced the first posture to the extreme, or to be more accurate, when he reached a certain standard, the next posture would be “unlocked.” Second, it could only be “unlocked” after the space was upgraded again. No matter what the situation was, Xia ruofei had no way to deal with it. Besides, the information he had obtained from the stone tablet was pitifully little. Everything was just his own speculation. After Xia ruofei entered the new space, he couldn’t help but try that weird posture again. But he found that no matter how hard he tried, he could not succeed in doing it. Every time he was about to complete the entire movement, the tearing force from the meridians in his body would immediately become extremely huge. All the meridians would feel as if they were being pricked by needles, so he couldn’t maintain it for even a second. This was no longer a problem that could be solved by willpower. It was completely out of his control. Xia ruofei also felt that going too far was as bad as not going too far. If he really forced himself to do this, his body would probably be seriously injured. Without any more information, Xia ruofei could only try to figure it out. He knew that this posture could not be repeated after the first time. The biggest possibility was that he would need a certain amount of time to recover. Perhaps his body had not yet adapted to the changes brought about by the first practice. The meridians in his body might still be relatively fragile and could not bear the second practice. After two unsuccessful attempts, Xia ruofei decided to put it aside for the time being. He would try again after a longer interval. Xia ruofei returned to the original space and took out a bottle of diluted flower petal solution. She consumed it and quickly recovered her mental energy. Then, he went to the stone tablet in the new space and tried a second time. In the end, he was not surprised. He could still sense through the stone tablet that the little golden man was continuously demonstrating the nine sets of movements, but as long as his mind left the stone tablet, he could still only remember the first set of movements, and the other eight sets seemed to once again be shrouded in a vast fog. After trying twice, Xia ruofei finally gave up. The first set of movements had already brought him great benefits, but one should still be content with what they have. Xia ruofei decided to put all these aside. He played with Blackie and the others for a while in the new space and gave them food. The flow of time in the new space was the same as the outside world, so Blackie and the others were still puppies. Of course, the unique environment in the new space allowed them to grow very strong and strong, not inferior to the adult dogs in the outside world. Xia ruofei decided to let Blackie and the rest stay in the medium for a while longer. After all, the spiritual Qi here could transform their bodies and improve their intelligence. When they grew up, Xia ruofei would bring them to the outside world. Xia ruofei returned to the original space. After feeling the changes after the space upgrade, his attention returned to the giant hornet’s nest. Xia ruofei walked to the hornet’s nest that was surrounded by the iron cage. He saw the huge hornet’s nest quietly standing in the cage, and occasionally, a few hornet’s nest would fly in and out. It seemed that the limited range of movement didn’t make the bees feel uncomfortable. Perhaps it was because the spiritual Qi in the space was extremely rich, but the bees didn’t go crazy and fly around in the iron cage. Xia ruofei did not use his mind to contact the space. Instead, he focused his mind and gave an order to one of the Hornets. The Hornet seemed to have stopped for a moment and hesitated. Then, to Xia ruofei’s surprise, the Hornet started to circle around the Beehive, drawing a circular trajectory. This was what Xia ruofei had requested. Xia ruofei’s spirits lifted and he immediately gave another order. The Hornet immediately made a turn in the air, and then flew around the hive in a clockwise direction instead of a clockwise one. This time, it was confirmed! Xia ruofei was very excited. The reason why he had kept the hornet’s nest the day before and did not get rid of it immediately was because he had a glimmer of hope that there would be new changes after the space was upgraded. If he could control so many Hornets, it would definitely be a great killing weapon! Just imagine, if so many hornet’s nest were to come out, under the situation where the other party was caught off guard, it could really be said that they would kill whoever they saw, and it would be successful in every way. Furthermore, bees were different from bees. Bees had barbs on their tails. Under normal circumstances, after a bee stung a person, the barbs on the tail would remain in the person’s body. When the bee flew away, even its internal organs would be pulled out. Therefore, bees would pay for their lives when they stung people. After the sting, the bees would also die. But Hornets didn’t have reverse hooks on their tails. In other words, if these Hornets could be controlled by him, they would not only be a great killing weapon, but also a great killing weapon that could be reused. Xia ruofei tried to control more bees. There were about 30 to 40 bees outside the hive. Xia ruofei tried and realized that he could only control a dozen of them. The bees formed a long line and followed Xia ruofei’s instructions in the cage. Although a dozen was a small number, Xia ruofei was satisfied. This was because he knew that the longer these Hornets stayed in the medium, the deeper his control over them would be. In the future, he would be able to control thousands of Hornets with a thought, and it would be as easy as controlling his own arms and fingers. Just thinking about it felt great! In order to confirm his thoughts, Xia ruofei even ran to the fish pond and gave instructions to the grass carps and crucian carps in the pond. He did not use the invisible force of space to restrain them, but directly gave instructions to the fish. Sure enough, the fish, which were much larger than the Hornets, followed Xia ruofei’s order and lined up in the fish pond like soldiers on inspection. Xia ruofei tried it out and realized that he could control at least 50 to 60 fish at the same time. He was finally able to put his mind at ease. He had been able to control more of these fish in the medium for a long time, and as long as he had enough time, it would not be a dream for him to control an Army of Hornets! Xia ruofei started to plan his next step. The hornet’s nest definitely couldn’t be left in the original space. Time passed too fast here, and the hornet’s life was too short, so it had to be moved to a new space. This was the most urgent matter. Xia ruofei’s mind moved slightly. The invisible force of space wrapped the iron cage and the hornet’s nest in the iron cage and moved them into a new space in an instant. Xia ruofei also flashed into the new space and ordered Blackie and the rest to stay away from the big iron cage. In addition, he was going to mark out an area in the new space and surround it as a special area for the Hornets to live in. The land in the new space was very spacious, and it would not be a problem to allocate one or two mu of land. The next step was to start cutting and planting the wild iron – Skin dendrobes that he had painstakingly collected. Xia ruofei suddenly felt much busier.Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m