Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

2667 Identity confirmed_1

Since Xia ruofei had already made it clear, everyone naturally would not hold back. Liu Ming Tian, Ma Jia, and the others also got into the mood relatively quickly. They had already begun to ask about the specific situation of the Peach Blossom Island. This would be very important for their future tasks such as vigilance and defense.

Xia ruofei was also an outstanding member of the lone wolf assault team. He was very well – trained in military affairs. Although he had only been to Peach Blossom Island twice and had flown two rounds around the island in a helicopter, he was already familiar with the terrain and characteristics of Peach Blossom Island.

So, he simply found a pen and paper and drew a simple topographic map of the island. He also marked some important targets such as the airport, the dock, the residential area, the tidal flat, the reef area, etc. He also emphasized on the secure shelter at Mount Qingyun.

So, everyone gathered in front of the topographic map and began to discuss the island’s defense from their own professional point of view, how to arrange the troops, where to use what equipment, how to respond in case of an enemy attack, and so on.

Even Guo Zhan joined the discussion with great interest.

Therefore, this meal lasted for more than three hours. Of course, most of the time was spent discussing the deployment of the defense of Peach Blossom Island around the dining table.

Everyone in the room, including Xia ruofei, could be considered as experts in Special Operations. The defense deployment of a seven – Square – kilometer Island was actually a very typical real – life case. As everyone discussed, the island defense plan gradually took shape.

This included the setting up of the barracks, the distribution of firing points, and so on.

Especially in terms of equipment, which weapons needed to be purchased, how to deploy heavy weapons, how to equip the standard individual equipment, and so on. Everyone quickly came up with a solution.

Of course, it was inevitable that there would be some “smuggled goods”. Horse lances and the others had always been envious of the equipment from the foreign Army. This time, they had also included everything in the equipment list, hoping that Xia ruofei could purchase them through special channels. That way, they would be able to satisfy their craving.

When it was almost 10 pm, everyone dispersed.

Xia ruofei already had a rough plan and a list of equipment to purchase.

After he returned to the guest house, he found that there was an email notification on his phone.

Xia ruofei’s spirits were lifted. Liu chengfeng must have sent him the information about heart picking sect and stars Corporation.

Xia ruofei felt that the screen of his phone was not big enough to read the information, so he took out a laptop from his space. After connecting it to the power, he turned it on.

There was no internet connection in the guest house room, but fortunately, the cell phone signal here was pretty good. Hence, Xia ruofei set a hotspot on his phone and connected his laptop to the hotspot to connect to the internet.

Soon, Xia ruofei saw a compressed package that Liu chengfeng had sent to him. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

After unzipping the file, he opened the document and read it carefully.

There was indeed some information about the star Seizer sect and the stars Corporation. When Xia ruofei scanned through the first paragraph, his expression turned grave.

As an important stronghold of the heart excising sect in the secular world, the stars corporation’s intelligence report also had a lot of space.

The first paragraph was about the general situation of stars Corporation. Xia ruofei was surprised to find that the CEO of stars Corporation was Wang Boshan, and the words on the business card were exactly the same.

In addition, Wang Boshan was also a cultivator, and his information showed that his cultivation level was temporarily unknown.

Stars corporation’s LOGO was also in the file, which was exactly the same as the name card.

This clearly showed that the two people who came to the courtyard in liuhai Lane to look for Xia ruofei were indeed from the heart excising sect.

According to Wu Qiang’s description, there was another elder in a long robe besides Wang Boshan. It seemed that this elder should be Wang Boshan’s martial uncle or martial uncle. In short, his status in the sect was much higher than Wang Boshan ‘s.

Xia ruofei’s heart was heavy. Although he was mentally prepared, he still felt great pressure when he was sure that a cultivation sect had their eyes on his peach source Island.

Xia ruofei calmed down and continued to read seriously.

The scale of Stars Group was about 10 billion US dollars, and the scope of their business was very wide. They started with the main pharmaceutical business, but later gradually involved themselves in the financial industry, real estate, and so on. In short, they did whatever they made money from.

Xia ruofei only gave a brief glance at the information regarding stars Corporation. Since he could confirm that the star Seizer sect had set their eyes on Peach Blossom Island, then stars Corporation, as an agency of the star Seizer sect in the secular world, was not worth mentioning at all. The battle between the two sides would not stop at the business level, so there was no point in studying stars Corporation.

Xia ruofei skipped over this part and focused on the intelligence of the star Seizer sect.

The star Seizer sect was located in the South China Sea and occupied an uninhabited island. The sect was protected by the sect’s protective array all year round, so even through satellite photos, it was only an uninhabited island with rocks.

There were two cultivators of the “Qing” generation with the highest seniority in the star Seizer sect. They were the sect leader of the Aurous core stage, Luo Qingfeng, and the elder of the ninth level of the aura refining stage, Chi Qingcheng.

In addition, there were 21 second – generation Yong generation disciples. He yonglun, who had the highest cultivation, had also reached the ninth Qi layer. Other than he yonglun, most of the second – generation Yong generation disciples were either at the seventh or eighth Qi layer.

The information also specifically mentioned Zheng Yongshou, who was at the seventh Qi layer. Although this person’s cultivation was below average among the second – generation disciples of the star Seizer sect, his talent in array Dao was extremely high. It was said that even a ninth Qi layer cultivator couldn’t break through the trapping array he set up. He was a person worth paying attention to.

When Xia ruofei saw this, he couldn’t help but look at Zheng Yongshou’s name.

The star Seizer sect actually had an array expert. Could it be that this Zheng Yongshou was the one who discovered the secret of the Paradise Island? He recalled that among the two people who went to look for him, apart from Wang Boshan, there was also a silent old man in a long robe. Could this person be Zheng Yongshou?

Now that he thought about it, the possibility was very high.

Xia ruofei was also on guard.

He continued to read. There were about 60 people in the third generation of the “Bo” generation in the heart picking sect. Most of them were still between the third and fifth Qi layer. Some of them were even at the second Qi layer.

Although these people were not a cause for concern, when there were too many ants, they could bite an elephant to death. No matter how weak they were, they were still proper cultivators!

There was some other information about the star Seizer sect in the document. Xia ruofei read it quietly for a while. His thoughts gradually became clear and a plan began to form in his mind ...