Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

2690 Everything is in place (2)

The temporary lodgings were also within the previously marked boundary, so there was no need to add too many people.

After Xia ruofei met with everyone, he went back to the warehouse to continue processing the materials for the array. Li Yifu wanted to go back with Xia ruofei, but Xia ruofei asked him to stay and have a few drinks with the brothers of the Hong sect. He naturally did not dare to disobey.

Of course, Li Yifu didn’t stay for too long either. It wasn’t easy for him to have the opportunity to serve and respect his grand uncle – Master, so he naturally had to put in more effort. Moreover, when he thought about how his senior granduncle was busy working overtime to deal with the materials, while he was drinking and having fun here, he felt even more apologetic.

Therefore, Li Yifu only accompanied everyone to drink three glasses of wine and immediately left.

Of course, in fact, with a Big Shot like Li Yifu present, everyone was a bit nervous, including the team leader, Tang Hu, who was also respectful and fearful of Li Yifu. Therefore, when Li Yifu left, everyone secretly heaved a sigh of relief. It was too much pressure to be with such a Big Shot.

Li Yifu returned to the warehouse and saw Xia ruofei still busy under the light.

He couldn’t help but walk over.”Senior granduncle, you should have a good rest. You’ve already stayed up for two nights!”

Xia ruofei was processing a piece of special wood. He did not even lift his head as he said,””I know. I’ll take a nap after I’m done with my work.”

“Yes, martial granduncle, then this disciple will not disturb you any further!” Li Yifu quickly said.

After Xia ruofei finished processing the wood, he stood up and stretched. He smiled and said,””I’m indeed a little tired. It seems that I’ll have to sleep for a while before continuing to work!”

Xia ruofei asked Liu Qingfeng to put a few single beds in the warehouse, one of which was reserved for Xia ruofei’s exclusive use. It was placed in a corner of the warehouse. Liu Qingfeng also took two partition screens from the dining hall and surrounded the entire area, forming a relatively private space.

This was the best spot in the warehouse and was naturally reserved for Xia ruofei.

He walked into the “room” from behind the screen and lay on the bed with his clothes on. After a while, he started to snore.

At this time, bainilatti had already fallen asleep. Only Li Yifu was still reading the plan that Xia ruofei had personally drawn up under the light. When he heard Xia ruofei’s snoring, he immediately went over to dim the light.

The huge airport warehouse was also in darkness. Only two dim lights near the entrance were still on. Li Yifu sat under the lights and used the weak light to familiarize himself with and memorize Xia ruofei’s modification plan.

……

The next morning, Xia ruofei, who had slept for six to seven hours, felt full of energy and vitality.

After breakfast, Li Yifu accompanied him to the temporary house where the members of the Hong sect were staying.

These brothers of the Hong sect were also having breakfast. As more and more people gathered in the warehouse area, Liu Qingfeng had specially arranged a car and two people to deliver the food to them.

Xia ruofei actually had some materials to process yesterday, but he had to put down his work and come over to finish the more important work of screening the staff.

It wasn’t that he didn’t trust the Hong sect brothers, but it was just that there was no knowing what a person’s heart was like. If there was someone with ulterior motives and they didn’t identify it in time, they could ruin things related to Paradise Island. Xia ruofei felt that he could never be too careful.

Originally, when they heard that this “Commissioner Xu” sent by the Paradise Corporation would interview everyone, everyone was still somewhat puzzled.

However, Li Yifu told them that this was a rule set by Xia ruofei himself. Everyone who entered Paradise Island must go through a strict review, and the Human Resources Commissioner’s interview was a very important part of the review.

When Tang Hu heard Li Yifu say that this was a rule set by Xia ruofei, he no longer had any psychological rejection. He quickly used his own cohesion to make a call. Everyone listened to Tang Hu and naturally cooperated. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

The “interview” was held in the mobile temporary room. Tang Hu personally led people to quickly tidy up a room, and then, together with Li Yifu, arranged for everyone to come over and accept the inquiry in order.

Tang Hu also took the lead, being the first to enter this temporary interview room.

……

Xia ruofei spent almost the entire morning screening the fifty people.

Fortunately, he was very satisfied with the loyalty of the 50 people. They all came from the Hong sect, which valued righteousness, so none of them were tempted by the external temptation.

According to Xia ruofei’s own judgment, it was not a problem for all 50 Hong sect members to stay in the Peach Blossom Island during the transformation.

After Xia ruofei finished interviewing the last person, he immediately told Li Yifu and Tang Hu about the situation and the results of the interview.

The two of them were naturally very happy after hearing this.

Especially Li Yifu, he knew that this “Commissioner Xu” was Xia ruofei. He had gained a lot of face in front of Xia ruofei for the recruitment.

In fact, Li Yifu was a little nervous the whole morning. He was afraid that a few people who didn’t meet the requirements or even had ulterior motives would appear. If that happened, he didn’t know where to put his old face.

After the screening was completed, Li Yifu immediately assigned the members of the Hong sect to their respective duties.

More than 20 members of the Hong sect quickly replaced the Liu family’s guards near the airport warehouse and began to patrol the perimeter of the cordon.

As for the remaining 20 or 30 people, some of them could operate construction machinery, and there were also professionals in communication, mapping, weather, and so on. With the cooperation of Liu Qingfeng, they were all arranged to corresponding positions and temporarily worked with the employees left by the Liu family.

Xia ruofei re – checked the modification plan to make sure that there were no problems. He then asked Li Yifu to lead the engineers to start the construction and preliminary preparations according to the modification plan.

The construction machinery on Peach Blossom Island began to rumble again. Xia ruofei returned to the warehouse and processed the remaining raw materials into shapes that met the requirements for the transformation. Some of them were even engraved with array patterns.

All the materials had been neatly arranged by Xia ruofei in their respective positions. Li Yifu only needed to follow the map to get the materials and carry out the construction according to the plan.

After Xia ruofei was done with the materials, he drove to the island’s construction site for an inspection.

He saw that Li Yifu was personally watching over the site. The construction process was meticulous and carried out in strict accordance with the construction plan and drawings.

Xia ruofei also checked a few foundation trenches that had just been dug. He found that the direction, size, and depth were exactly the same. The steel bars and cement used were also in line with the construction requirements.

Xia ruofei was very satisfied. He was even more assured that Li Yifu would stay behind to take charge of the island transformation project.

At noon, Xia ruofei informed the Paradise flight crew, who had been on standby on the island, and asked Liu An to apply for a flight route back to China the next morning.

In the afternoon, Xia ruofei relaxed a little and took a two – hour nap. Then, he got up and went to inspect the construction site. Li Yifu’s men from the Hong sect were all of high standards, so their construction efficiency was naturally not low. Of course, what pleased Xia ruofei the most was the precision of their construction. They followed the construction plan and drawings without any signs of cutting corners or sloppiness.

At night, Xia ruofei rested for a few hours. After midnight, Xia ruofei got up and sneaked out of the Sosnovka Military Base’s warehouse. There were still two points of work that he had to complete. One was the point on the cliff and the other was the point next to the mercenary group’s base.

Xia ruofei’s figure was like a ghost. The Australian Hong sect members who were on guard did not notice him at all. He had already disappeared into the night.