Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

2695 Formation of the disk array_1

Time passed by quietly, and the morning went by very quickly.

Xia ruofei had been practicing the inscribing of the core array disc in the small villa. Although he was only using his spiritual power to simulate it, it still consumed a lot of energy.

He sat on the Jade futon. His psychic energy was recovering very quickly, but it was still not enough to support this consumption, so he had to drink a few sips of water from the spirit pool from time to time. He would only stop to rest and recover for a short while when he had used up too much of his mental power, and then continue to practice.

After half a day, he had become much more familiar with the inscribing of the core array disc.

He was already extremely familiar with every line on the array disc. After a lot of practice, he had a clearer understanding of some of the difficulties in the carving process.

Xia ruofei felt that he only needed to practice for half a day and he should be able to start drawing.

After a few hours of practice, Xia ruofei was exhausted.

Plus, he had an appointment with Zhao Yongjun for lunch, so he just stopped and stood up to stretch his arms and legs. Then he pushed the door open and walked towards the main building of the club.

Xia ruofei walked along the lake’s Plank Road. The scenery here was pleasant. Because of the formation, the air was especially fresh. Xia ruofei felt refreshed. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

When they arrived at the main building, Xia ruofei realized that Zhao Yongjun was not the only one in the club. Song Rui, Hou Liang, and the others were there too. It was obvious that Zhao Yongjun had informed them.

The brothers hadn’t gathered together for a long time, so they naturally drank when they met.

Xia ruofei didn’t try to control himself. As long as someone wanted to drink with him, he wouldn’t reject them. He didn’t even use his true energy to cheat.

Therefore, even though he had a good tolerance for alcohol, he still felt a little tipsy.

Of course, song Rui and the others had long been defeated. Even Zhao Yongjun, who had always been calm, had slipped under the table.

Xia ruofei called for a waiter to arrange for them to rest in their respective rooms and told the waiter to look after them. Then, he left alone.

He declined the electric car arranged by the club manager and continued to walk alone along the lake path towards the small villa.

Under the influence of alcohol, Xia ruofei’s steps were still a little weak. It felt like he was walking on cotton.

However, Xia ruofei quite enjoyed this feeling. He walked back to the small villa with uneven steps.

After scanning his fingerprint and entering the house, Xia ruofei circulated his essential Qi in his body. The remaining alcohol in his body was like ice and snow meeting the blazing sun. It melted in an instant, and his blurry eyes regained their clarity.

Xia ruofei took off his clothes that reeked of alcohol and threw them into the washing machine. Then, he went to the bathroom to take a hot bath and changed into a clean bathrobe.

At this moment, Xia ruofei felt that all the fatigue in his body had disappeared. Drinking and chatting with his buddies had allowed him to fully relax his mind. He was in a good condition now.

Hence, he sat down and continued to practice the inscribing of the Taixu xuanqing formation’s core array disc.

When Xia ruofei returned to the villa, it was around 2:30 in the afternoon. He practiced for another three to four hours and only stopped when it was past 6:00. The sky had already turned dark.

Xia ruofei stood up, a satisfied smile on his face.

Apart from drinking with Zhao Yong Jun and the others, he didn’t do anything else the entire day. He just practiced carving the core array disc.

This kind of practice was very boring. The continuous repetition and polishing process was quite boring. However, Xia ruofei always maintained his focus and the effect was very obvious.

Now that he was using his spiritual power to simulate the entire inscribing process of the core array disc, there were basically no obvious mistakes. Some of the difficult parts could also be done smoothly.

Xia ruofei decided to start inscribing the array disc tonight.

He didn’t even go out to eat. Instead, he took out a box of instant noodles from the medium and had a simple meal. Then, he began to set up.

The first thing Xia ruofei did was to check the entire house again to make sure that all the doors and windows were locked and the curtains were drawn.

Then, he set up a simple trapping array. If any uninvited guests were to break in, they would most likely be trapped in circles on the spot, unable to get near his room.

In the end, Xia ruofei set up a security formation at the door as usual. This was the last line of defense. Once someone touched this formation, Xia ruofei would be able to detect it immediately and respond at once.

After setting up the protection, Xia ruofei walked into the room with the densest spiritual Qi.

After he locked the door, he summoned the spirit map scroll from his palm and entered the space.

The actual carving of the core array disc would take much more time than practicing. Furthermore, it could not be disturbed. Hence, Xia ruofei naturally chose to complete it in the spirit map space.

Xia ruofei had set up the formation in the villa himself. He checked the villa several times with his spiritual power and confirmed that there was no monitoring equipment. It was safe here, no worse than the courtyard in liuhai Lane.

In addition, there was a warning array and a trap array at the door, so Xia ruofei could use the spirit map space in this room without worry.

After entering the Archean realm, Xia ruofei crossed the Jade Bridge beside the spirit pond and came to the empty space in front of the Linglong Pagoda. Then, with a slight thought, a Jade futon and a few processed Jade plates flew over and floated in front of him.