Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

2706 Â The great formation is activated (2)

Â  "That's right!"Xia ruofei nodded.

Â  "This place is too close to the sea. Will the safety of the future ..." Li Yifu could not help but ask.

Â  Xia ruofei smiled and said,"foster husband, don't get your thoughts wrong." Once the formation is activated, the entire Taixu xuanqing formation is a single entity, both at the edge and the center ... Furthermore, in theory, the closer you are to the core of the formation, the stronger the defense. There is no need to worry about the safety here. "

Â  "Yes, martial granduncle!" Li Yifu accepted the lesson with an open mind.

Â  "Let's go in!" Xia ruofei said casually.

Â  The two of them walked into the small cement house. They were both cultivators, so they didn't need to light up a lamp to see everything in the house.

Â  Of course, the furnishings in the house were quite simple. To be precise, there was almost nothing. It was a single - story house with only one door and no windows. There was nothing in the house.

Â  The only difference was that the floor of the house was made of a whole piece of green jade. If one were to use their spiritual power to scan it, they would discover that the interior of the green jade was as smooth as a mirror, and there were many mysterious array patterns scattered all over it.

Â  These array patterns converged from the surroundings to the center, and in the center of this green jade, a circular groove had been dug out.

Â  In addition, there were three small round holes around the groove. If the three holes were connected with a line, they would form a standard equilateral triangle.

Â  When this piece of green jade was transported from the United States, it was still a whole piece of flat green jade. The grooves and small holes were personally processed by Xia ruofei on Peach Blossom Island. The array pattern inside the green jade was naturally personally carved by Xia ruofei.

Â  Although these array patterns were profound and complex, the difference in level between them and the core array disc was not just a little. It was like the difference between heaven and earth.

Â  Xia ruofei casually placed his backpack on the ground and took out the core array disc. After a moment of silence, he placed the array disc into the groove.

Â  As a cultivator, Xia ruofei's precision in processing this kind of material was naturally very high. The size of the array disc was just right for the reserved groove. There was no obstruction when he put it in and it was perfectly fitted.

Â  Li Yifu stood at the side and watched Xia ruofei's every move nervously. He didn't even dare to breathe.

Â  However, he noticed that there was no change after he put the array disc in. He couldn't help but feel apprehensive.

Â  Just then, Xia ruofei took out three crystals from his backpack with a pained expression and mumbled to himself,""I'm really going all out this time. I hope that the star Seizer sect's assets are rich enough. Otherwise, I'm going to suffer a huge loss ..."

Â  Li Yifu was speechless. The star Seizer sect was led by an Aurous core stage cultivator, but his grand uncle - Master actually treated them as his own property, as if the star Seizer sect's assets had already been reserved by him.

Â  Of course, Li Yifu had blind trust in Xia ruofei. Although he was shocked, he didn't think that Xia ruofei was being arrogant. On the contrary, he felt a sense of heroism.

Â  Xia ruofei took out three pieces of origin crystals. These were treasures that were much more precious than spiritual crystals. Even golden core cultivators could use them to cultivate. If a Qi refining cultivator used them, one piece of origin crystal was enough to support him until he reached Qi refining level 9. Now that he had to take out three pieces at once, Xia ruofei's heart naturally ached.

Â  In the activation stage, the spiritual energy of the array did not come out of thin air. To activate such a huge array, the consumption of spiritual energy was naturally huge. If an ordinary spirit gathering array was used, it would take a lot of time to gather the spiritual energy needed to activate the array.

Â  If not for the star Seizer sect incident, Xia ruofei could have set up an energy - gathering formation and let it slowly absorb the spiritual Qi of heaven and earth. Then, he could gather it at the core of the formation and continuously compress and purify it. When it reached the standard to activate the formation, he could activate it.

Â  Once the formation was activated, it would naturally absorb the surrounding spiritual energy. Not only would it satisfy the needs of the formation, but it would also increase the density of the spiritual energy on the entire Peach Blossom Island, eventually turning it into a paradise for cultivation.

Â  However, this method of activation was obviously not suitable now, because the efficiency was too low.

Â  If he wanted to scheme against the people of the star Seizer sect, he would have to activate the formation in an instant.

Â  The only thing that could meet this requirement was origin crystals.

Â  Hence, in this sense, these three origin crystals had really been used up because of the star Seizer sect's interference. It was not unreasonable for Xia ruofei to put the blame on the star Seizer sect.

Â  Of course, there was an even more important point. When the formation was first activated, it would not be able to gather too much spiritual Qi. When dealing with the star Seizer sect, one would need to use the formation's ability to trap and even kill the enemy, and these abilities would also consume a large amount of spiritual Qi.

Â  Therefore, origin crystals were necessary as a reserve of energy. Once the spiritual Qi absorbed by the formation was insufficient, it could be immediately absorbed from origin crystals to ensure that the various functions of the formation could continue to function.

Â  Most of the array runes that Xia ruofei had carved on the green jade were designed to transform the spiritual energy.

Â  The principle was a bit similar to a hybrid car. When there was a lack of power or when climbing a hill or accelerating required more power, the car would automatically use fuel to achieve seamless connection and switching.

Â  Xia ruofei inserted the crystals into the three holes and checked them carefully. After making sure that there were no mistakes, he took a deep breath and controlled a stream of spiritual energy to enter the core of the array board. He gently touched one of the nodes of the array pattern ...

Â  It was as if the ignition switch of a rocket had been pressed. Rays of light lit up on the array pattern, and like a fire Dragon, they quickly spread towards the three origin crystals.

Â  In the blink of an eye, the origin crystal was lit up.

center of the array disc was as dazzling as the sun.

17:39

Â  The light emitted by that point was so bright that no one dared to look at it directly. A huge amount Â  Incomparably pure spiritual Qi was continuously absorbed from the origin crystals, and gathered towards the core array disc through the array Dao patterns.

Â  The extremely complicated array patterns on the core array disc also lit up all of a sudden. The center of the array disc was as dazzling as the sun.

Â  The light emitted by that point was so bright that no one dared to look at it directly. A huge amount of energy was still gathering, and the light in the center was getting brighter and brighter. Soon, a ray of light shot into the sky. The roof of the concrete house did not block this invisible light at all, and the light directly rushed out of the house.

Â  Xia ruofei had already brought Li Yifu outside the house. As soon as the two of them walked out, they saw nine spots on the Paradise Island Light up as if they were responding to the light from the core array board.

Â  The nine positions were where Xia ruofei had placed the nine Jade pillars.

Â  The closest one to this side was naturally the Jade pillar on the Western side of the cliff. ğ’©ewW ğ’ovels updğ’‚tes on nov/ğ’†l/b(i)ğ’(.)com

Â  Then, Xia ruofei and Li Yifu felt the power of heaven and earth being activated. The entire Paradise Island seemed to be shaking.

Â  Of course, only cultivators could observe such a phenomenon. Ordinary people might be subconsciously shocked at this moment, but they would not be able to see anything with the naked eye.

Â  The entire process was actually very fast. From the moment Xia ruofei activated the core array disc to the nine Jade pillars responding to each other, it only took a few seconds.

Â  After the heaven and earth powers were drawn in, it was like a huge millstone that slowly turned. Under this mighty force, even the sea stopped roaring. The waves seemed to be suppressed, and the constant sound of the waves crashing against the shore disappeared without a trace.

Â  After about two seconds, Xia ruofei seemed to hear a loud boom. Then, a huge film of light appeared out of thin air and covered the entire peach source Island.

Â  The surrounding spiritual energy gathered at an extremely fast speed. Immediately after, the core array disc stopped absorbing energy from origin crystals and turned to absorb the spiritual energy.

Â  The entire conversion process was extremely smooth. The light membrane did not tremble at all, and could be said to be a seamless connection.

Â  The sound of the waves, the chirping of the insects, and the sea breeze were all blocked out. The Peach Blossom Island had never been so quiet before.

Â  Xia ruofei released his spiritual power to his heart's content. With his spiritual power cultivation of the spirit gathering realm, he could almost cover the entire Island.

Â  He silently felt every detail of the great array. Li Yifu, who was standing beside him, was already shocked by the great power of this natural great array. He looked at everything in front of him with a dumbfounded expression, unable to say a word.

Â  After a long time, Xia ruofei retracted his spiritual power and said with a smile,""Adopted husband, it seems to have succeeded!"