Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

2707 Let’s start then (1)

Li Yifu was also trembling with excitement. In fact, Xia ruofei did not need to confirm it personally. Just the spiritual energy that was gathering quickly was enough to prove that the Taixu xuanqing formation had been activated. After all, this was the core of the formation, and naturally, it was the place with the densest spiritual energy.

In fact, even if ordinary people couldn’t see the existence of the array with their naked eyes, they could still feel comfortable after the spiritual energy gathered here. If it continued to gather spiritual energy for a long time, people who lived here for a long time would be even more healthy, immune to all diseases, and have no problem living for a long time.

Of course, spirit gathering was only a small part of the function of the Taixu xuanqing formation. This was a sect – protecting formation. It was estimated that in the current cultivation world on earth, there were not many sect – protecting formations of the same level as the Taixu xuanqing formation.

Thus, this was a comprehensive formation. It contained spirit gathering, trapping, killing, hallucinating ... There were many effects, and the complexity of it was self – evident.

If it was not a naturally formed formation, it would be impossible for Xia ruofei to set up the Taixu xuanqing formation with his spiritual power cultivation and array Dao. It was already very difficult for him to repair and trigger the natural array.

Furthermore, to set up the void clarity formation out of thin air would require a huge amount of resources. Xia ruofei’s current wealth was not bad. He had enough spiritual crystals and origin crystals for his own cultivation. He could also provide cultivation resources for the people around him. However, if he wanted to set up the void clarity formation, this little amount of resources was not even a drop in the bucket.

Therefore, the preciousness of this Grand array could also be seen at a glance.

This was also the reason why Xia ruofei would rather fight to the death with a cultivation sect with an Aurous core stage cultivator in charge than to give up Paradise Island.

Xia ruofei used his heart to feel it and then said to Li Yifu,””Foster husband, you stay here and don’t run around. I want to check the surroundings! By the way, you can directly cultivate here for a while. The current spiritual Qi concentration is not bad. ”

“Yes, martial granduncle!” Li Yifu replied.

He knew that he didn’t understand this big array at all. If he ran around rashly, he would probably attract the attack of the array. He was a low – Level cultivator of the fourth Qi layer. He probably wouldn’t even have the chance to Dodge and would be directly blown into pieces.

Xia ruofei’s figure flashed and he flew towards the West. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Li Yifu also sat down cross – legged and began to cultivate.

Xia ruofei had personally designed and activated the formation. These days, in order to activate the formation, he knew the internal structure of the Taixu xuanqing formation like the back of his hand. Furthermore, he had personally built the core of the formation. He could directly communicate with the formation plate from any position in the formation. Therefore, he would not be in any danger even if he walked sideways in the formation.

Xia ruofei went to the cliff on the west side of the island and sat down cross – legged, then started to examine the various functions of the Taixu xuanqing formation.

A trapping array could form a maze or a foggy area, causing the cultivators who were trapped in it to be like headless flies, unable to leave. As for using force to break the formation, of course, it was not impossible. The premise was that one’s cultivation must be able to compete with the entire Taixu xuanqing formation. This was because the formation was endless and the energy was constantly flowing. There was not much difference between attacking one point and attacking the entire formation. It was hard to say if there were any cultivators on earth who could break the Taixu xuanqing formation with one blow, but at least Aurous core stage cultivators could not do it.

Killing array, as the name suggests, when a cultivator is trapped in the array, he will trigger all kinds of attacks. These attacks are impossible to guard against, and the power is also controllable. The explosive attack naturally consumes spiritual energy. As long as there is enough spiritual energy, even a golden core cultivator can’t handle it.

Once a cultivator fell into a maze, they would fall into a randomly generated illusion. The most terrifying thing was that the array would unknowingly trigger the cultivator’s inner demons. If the cultivator’s mind was not strong enough, they would even directly fall into a state of madness.

These formations weren’t limited to a certain area, and could completely change positions according to the user’s will.

Even arrays could be randomly combined and superimposed. For example, a maze array and a killing array could be combined into a maze killing array. The degree of danger would suddenly rise. When a cultivator fell into an illusion, it was impossible to judge whether the attack they suffered was illusory or real. Moreover, in the situation where they were distracted, it was difficult to not be hit by an attack when it suddenly descended.

There was also a trap and kill array formed by a trap array and a kill array, which had a similar effect.

Xia ruofei sat on the ground and kept communicating with the core array board. He tried out all kinds of arrays.

Of course, he didn’t have masochistic tendencies, so he naturally wouldn’t direct these formations towards himself. He only observed the effects of the formations up close.

Then, Xia ruofei personally went to all directions of the Paradise Island and checked every key point of the formation.

He was quite satisfied with the results. Basically, he had achieved his expected results, and some of them were even better than he had expected.

After all, formations were naturally formed by the mighty power of heaven and earth. With his array Dao level, it was impossible for him to completely and flawlessly calculate the effects of the real formation after it was activated.

Similarly, no matter how deep Xia ruofei’s theoretical research was, it was impossible to achieve 100% accuracy. Hence, after the formation was activated, he still found a few areas that needed to be fine – tuned.