Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

2717 The Army and the Prince’s son – in – Law (1)

Although Xia ruofei had learned from Wang Boshan and Zheng Yongshou that the star Seizer sect had only sent the two of them to handle this matter, and that no one else was involved, and that Wang Boshan had even hired a staff member to be a spy in the Internal Affairs Department of ponautu, Xia ruofei still had Wang Boshan and Zheng Yongshou leave Peach Blossom Island overnight and return to Evarts, the capital Island of ponautu, out of careful consideration.

Xia ruofei had them stand by on evates Island and wait for orders.

Wang Boshan and Zheng Yongshou, who had already been implanted with their soul seals, naturally obeyed the order. They immediately withdrew from the cliff on the west side of Peach Blossom Island and drove the fishing boat they had rented at a high price back to evates Island.

Wang Boshan had once bought a property on evates Island where the two of them lived. Wang Boshan’s phone was always on 24 hours a day, waiting for Xia ruofei’s notice.

After sending Wang Boshan and Zheng Yongshou away, Xia ruofei did not have time to rest. He had to plan his next move immediately.

The situation was better than he had expected. At least, the news of the natural formation on the Peach Blossom Island had not spread. The problem that he needed to solve now was the star Seizer sect’s sect master, Luo Qingfeng, who had already been confirmed to know the news.

The most ideal result would be to use the soul seal to completely control Luo Qingfeng.

This way, as long as Luo Qingfeng did not tell anyone about the news, it meant that the existence of the natural array on the Peach Blossom Island would not be leaked. Unless another cultivator accidentally discovered the clue, there would be no more trouble.

Peach source Island was located in the depths of the South Pacific Ocean. According to the information obtained by Liu chengfeng and Zheng Yongshou, most of the cultivation sects on earth were in Huaxia and its surrounding countries. Some of them were on islands, but most of them were in the Northern Hemisphere, not far from Huaxia.

The cultivation of the cultivators on earth wasn’t very high. Even if golden core cultivators could ride a flying sword, they generally wouldn’t fly for such a long distance. After all, it would consume true Qi.

In addition, the cultivation environment on earth was relatively harsh, and it was almost the same everywhere. Therefore, the probability of cultivators passing by Paradise Island was not high.

Unless it was someone like Wang Boshan, who had a certain level of cultivation and was also in charge of the sect’s secular Affairs, but came here because of business matters. However, the possibility of satisfying so many conditions was not high.

Although Qingfeng Luo was an Aurous core stage cultivator, he had only broken through not long ago and was only in the early Aurous core stage.

Currently, the Taixu xuanqing formation on the Peach Blossom Island was Xia ruofei’s biggest reliance. With this natural array, Xia ruofei would have the ability to fight against golden core cultivators.

Xia ruofei’s spiritual power had reached the spirit gathering realm and he could control five child seals at most. He had already used four of them on Liu chengfeng, benilatti, Wang Boshan, and Zheng Yongshou. There was one spot left for Luo Qingfeng.

However, to capture an Aurous core stage cultivator alive and plant a soul seal in his sea of consciousness was not an easy task.

Xia ruofei had to come up with a perfect plan in a short time. First, he had to make sure that Luo Qingfeng arrived at the Paradise Island without any suspicion. Then, he would use the Taixu xuanqing formation to deal with him. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Xia ruofei frowned. All sorts of plans appeared in his mind and he was trying to find a loophole.

With Xia ruofei’s current strength, he could only succeed in one try to deal with a golden core cultivator like Luo Qingfeng. Once there was a mistake in the middle, it would be almost impossible to catch him again.

In particular, he had to lure Luo Qingfeng to the Peach Blossom Island. This was a crucial part.

Once Luo Qingfeng noticed it, it would basically mean that the plan had failed completely.

An Aurous core stage cultivator who was in control of a cultivation sect, it was needless to say that he was decisive in killing.

It was conceivable that when Luo Qingfeng realized that it would be difficult to take the Peach Blossom Island by force, he would probably spread the news. By then, Xia ruofei would face endless trouble.

Even if Xia ruofei had the best conditions, he would not be able to fight against the entire cultivation world.

Li Yifu knew that Xia ruofei was thinking about something important, so he did not dare to disturb him.

Xia ruofei sat in silence for one to two hours. A plan gradually took shape. However, he did not immediately start to implement it. After all, there were still many details that needed to be thought over bit by bit. There could not be any mistakes. It was not an exaggeration to say that it was a matter of life and death.

Xia ruofei opened his eyes and looked at his watch. It was already three in the morning.

He saw that Li Yifu was still by his side, so he said,””Adopted husband, go and rest first! There are still many things to do tomorrow. ”

“Grand uncle – Master, then you ...” Li Yifu hesitated.

Xia ruofei laughed and said,”of course I’m going to rest too!” We’re only achieving in – Progress results. In order to win the final victory, we must conserve our energy!”

“Yes!” Li Yifu said.

Xia ruofei didn’t say much. He walked to his bed and lay down.

Although the process of subduing Wang Boshan and Zheng Yongshou was very smooth, in fact, from the beginning of the plan to the end of the net, every link had consumed a lot of Xia ruofei’s energy. Moreover, the key to activating the Taixu xuanqing formation was completed by Xia ruofei personally, so he was mentally exhausted these days.