Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

2735 A duel between Jindan (2)

After some calculations and analysis, Luo Qingfeng took another step forward to the right with great confidence.

“I’ve been waiting for this opportunity!” Xia ruofei laughed coldly as he muttered to himself.

After he finished speaking, his mind moved slightly, and his mental power had already communicated with the array board placed in the cement room.

Before Qingfeng Luo’s foot could land, he immediately felt a sense of warning and a chill down his spine.

Almost subconsciously, he tapped the ground with the tip of his foot and his body turned 90 degrees. At the same time, he quickly leaned back.

A sharp sword ray appeared out of thin air. It was extremely sharp, as if it was going to cut the entire space into pieces.

The sword light slashed directly at Qingfeng Luo. If he had not sensed the approaching extreme danger in advance, he would have been cut in half from the top of his head.

Qingfeng Luo’s body turned 90 degrees and leaned back at the same time, barely avoiding the sword light.

Before Luo Qingfeng could react, a second, a third ... A total of five sword gleams shot toward him from different directions at an extremely fast speed.

Luo Qingfeng barely dodged four of them. At this time, he had exhausted all his energy and his body was in a temporary state of stiffness. There was no way he could avoid the last sword light that was flying toward his face.

However, even Xia ruofei could not help but admire Luo Qingfeng’s calmness in the face of difficulties.

The sword ray flew extremely fast and arrived in front of Luo Qingfeng in the blink of an eye.

Luo Qingfeng subconsciously took out his flying sword. As soon as the flying sword appeared, the sword light was already in front of him. With a “ding”, the flying sword was sent flying by the sword light. Under the shock, the sword light was also out of the attack range, and in the end, it only left a penetrating wound on Qingfeng Luo’s shoulder.

The wound was completely penetrated, and it looked very frightening. However, for cultivators, this kind of injury was nothing at all. With the use of spiritual medicine, it would be able to recover in a short time.

In fact, as long as the head and dantian were not injured, it was nothing to the cultivator.

After being hit by the sword ray, Qingfeng Luo did not dare to stay where he was anymore. He ran back the way he came from and left the attack range of the sword ray.

The sword light seemed to have a mind of its own. When Luo Qingfeng stepped out of the fixed range, it immediately disappeared without a trace.

Luo Qingfeng’s expression turned grave as he muttered to himself,””That’s not right ... The direction of the kun position is a dead end! How is that possible?”

He had basically analyzed the trap array very thoroughly. It could be said that he was very close to success. However, the attack that he had attracted with that step had made him very embarrassed and injured him. If it were a disciple with a lower cultivation, no one would have been able to survive that attack.

“Could it be a chain formation?” “No...” Luo Qingfeng mumbled to himself with a grave expression,”that’s not right ... I didn’t even walk out of the confinement array just now. How did I trigger that terrifying killing array?” Don’t tell me that the formations are all interconnected?”

Luo Qingfeng would never know that with just a thought from Xia ruofei, those illusory, killing, bewildering, and trapping formations could be stacked together, let alone a killing formation.

“I can’t go in the direction of the kun position ...” Luo Qingfeng frowned and muttered to himself,”then I can only break through in another direction. But it’s clearly a dead end in other directions ...”

Qingfeng Luo did not expect things to be so tricky. He had just set foot on the Peach Blossom Island, and he had already received such a big meeting gift.

He braced himself and tried in other directions, but his face turned even uglier. He couldn’t get through at all.

Although the void exploration mirror could see through the fog, the trap array did not just rely on the fog to trap the enemy, otherwise the enemy would only need to keep moving in one direction and they would be able to break out of the trap array.

In reality, trapping arrays also contained the use of space. Those who were trapped in the trapping array, even if they sensed that they were moving in a straight line in a fixed direction, were in fact always going in circles. Unless they found the right path, they would not be able to walk out of the range of the array no matter how they walked.

This kind of illusion was basically impossible to overcome.

It was just like how people on earth could see that the earth was flat and could not feel the curvature of the earth at all. In theory, if a person walked in a certain direction, he would be constantly moving forward. However, in reality, because he was walking on the surface of a sphere, he would eventually return to his original point.

Even though the theory behind the trap array was different from this example, the result was similar.

Even though Luo Qingfeng knew that he was walking in circles, he had no way of getting out of this strange circle.

After more than ten minutes of struggle, Qingfeng Luo looked through the void exploration mirror and knew that he had returned to the starting position. Not far to his right was the range of the terrifying killing array. Once he stepped into that range, he would immediately attract the attack of countless sword lights.

Luo Qingfeng was caught in an awkward situation. He knew the right path, but he just couldn’t get out.

It was like a person who needed to go out of the house, but there was a fierce beast guarding the door at all times. Other than the door, the walls of the house were all indestructible, and there were no windows.

Qingfeng Luo had no choice but to take the risk and break through the killing array again. However, the power of the killing array was much greater than he had imagined. This time, even though he was prepared, he was still surrounded by danger. He only advanced two meters more than the last time, but he could no longer cope with it. In the end, he had to retreat awkwardly with his extraordinary reaction speed.

One of the sword rays almost cut off his head. He dodged with all his might, but in the end, the sword ray flew past his scalp, splitting his hair bun.

Luo Qingfeng was scared out of his wits as he returned to his original position with disheveled hair.

When he forced his way through the killing formation, he could still vaguely see a place six to seven meters away. There, sword Qi crisscrossed and almost sealed off all the space. Just a glance made his scalp numb.

Luo Qingfeng knew that he would not be able to break through the killing array with his cultivation. He even felt that even if a peak jiedan realm cultivator came, once he was trapped in the array, he might not be able to escape unscathed.

Luo Qingfeng gave up completely after trying it out this time.

Although he couldn’t get out of his current position and was surrounded by fog, he was at least safe for the time being.

Qingfeng Luo could not help but worry that Zheng Yongshou would be like Zheng Yongshou. Once he was trapped in the killing array, he might be cut into pieces by the sword rays in a breath’s time. There was no hope of survival.

However, Qingfeng Luo was indeed a golden core stage powerhouse. He knew that it was useless to worry about Zheng Yongshou now. He could only hope that Zheng Yongshou would be on his own. Moreover, he was also very clear that the current predicament was unsolvable for the time being. There was no use in being anxious.

He was very clear about the situation, and even in such an unfavorable situation, he still maintained a very clear mind.

Therefore, Qingfeng Luo sat down and took out a crystal that contained some spiritual energy from his storage ring. He cultivated and absorbed it while keeping an eye on his surroundings.

As for the spiritual crystal that Zheng Yongshou had given him, he was still reluctant to use it.

At the same time, Luo Qingfeng also realized that the concentration of spirit Qi in the surrounding area seemed to be slowly rising. Since he could not get out of this place for the time being, he might as well use this opportunity to cultivate.

In fact, Xia ruofei was observing Luo Qingfeng from a distance. However, he could not use his spiritual energy in the confinement array. In addition, Xia ruofei could change his position at any time. It was like a person with sharp ears and eyes facing a deaf and blind person. As long as the healthy person did not actively touch the deaf and blind person, the other party would not be able to discover him.

Initially, Xia ruofei had wanted to use such a scheme to make Luo Qingfeng impatient. This way, his follow – up methods would be more effective. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Xia ruofei did not expect Luo Qingfeng to be trapped. However, he did not panic at all. Instead, he began to cultivate.

“This spiritual Qi belongs to me! This guy is actually sitting down and absorbing it?” Xia ruofei said in his heart, no! We can’t let him be so comfortable!”

At the thought of this, Xia ruofei immediately used his spiritual energy to communicate with the core array disc not far away. The next moment, the various array techniques in the Taixu xuanqing array were quietly changing. Although Luo Qingfeng, who was cultivating with his eyes closed, was constantly on guard, he was completely unaware of the changes ...