Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

2737 Impermanent changes (2)

Qingfeng Luo saw that one of the three dark patterns on the pendant had lost all its spirituality, and there were some cracks thinner than hair around the dark pattern.

Luo Qingfeng’s expression became even more serious.

This was the sect’s precious treasure. If it wasn’t for the star – shaped pendant that released a cool aura at the critical moment of his Qi deviation, he might have been crippled by now, or even lost his life.

However, the dark patterns on the star – shaped pendant had clearly been damaged after this incident. If nothing unexpected happened, one of them would disappear very soon.

This made Luo Qingfeng’s heart ache. When he had first taken over the position of sect leader of the star Seizer sect, there had been four dark patterns on the pendant. Later, he had been ambushed in a battle and was caught off guard. He had been severely injured. At that time, it was also this star – shaped pendant that had actively released a trace of cool air, allowing him to recover from his injuries in an extremely short time and escape successfully. However, after that, there were three fine lines on the star – shaped pendant. The other line disappeared after releasing the cool aura.

And now, it was clear that another fine line was about to disappear.

In Qingfeng Luo’s eyes, the star – shaped pendant was like three lives. It could really save his life at a critical moment. He did not expect to use one so easily. When he thought of this, his heart ached.

Luo Qingfeng did not expect the array on the Peach Blossom Island to be so dangerous.

His understanding of the Taixu xuanqing formation came from the ancient books on arrays. The introduction of these ancient books was not so detailed. Naturally, he had no way to solve the problem from the root and directly break the entire formation.

However, it was not difficult for Luo Qingfeng to defend one place and wait for the array to lose its effect.

He had never thought that the formation’s changes would be so strange and ever – changing, to the extent that he had unknowingly fallen for it.

Luo Qingfeng suddenly picked up the void exploration mirror and kept shining it around.

In fact, Xia ruofei had not hidden far away. He had thought that even if Luo Qingfeng did not go into Qi deviation, he would soon fall into a state of madness under the influence of his inner demon. So, he was ready to take down Luo Qingfeng in one fell swoop! He did not expect Luo Qingfeng to suddenly wake up.

Furthermore, the process of Luo Qingfeng checking the pendant was actually very short. He immediately picked up the void exploration mirror and looked around.

Coincidentally, the first direction that Luo Qingfeng randomly checked was where Xia ruofei was.

He had been hiding in the array under the cover of the fog, and he was surprised to see Luo Qingfeng wake up, so he relaxed a little at that moment.

When Luo Qingfeng scanned the area with the void exploration mirror, Xia ruofei had already realized it at once. He immediately used the floating steps to change his direction and hid in the depths of the array.

Xia ruofei could not help but feel depressed. Luo Qingfeng’s methods were much richer than he had imagined, and some of them were really impossible to guard against. It seemed that no Aurous core stage cultivator could be underestimated.

Although Luo Qingfeng was still using the void exploration mirror to look in other directions, his heart was already in a state of shock.

Although Xia ruofei’s reaction was extremely fast, the eyesight of an Aurous core stage cultivator was by no means comparable to that of an ordinary person. In just a flash of movement, Luo Qingfeng had actually seen half of the person’s figure flash and disappear.

Although Luo Qingfeng did not make a sound, his brows furrowed.

There was someone inside the formation! This was bad news for Luo Qingfeng.

From the start of the array until now, Qingfeng Luo had always felt that it was the intermittent activation of the array. Judging from the old state of the facilities, the array would not be able to last long even if it wanted to. This was the biggest motivation for him to sit down and cultivate while waiting for the array to collapse on its own.

However, she had clearly seen a person just now, so things were complicated ...

Luo Qingfeng stared in the direction where Xia ruofei had disappeared, his mind spinning rapidly.

The Peach Blossom Island incident had dragged on for so long without any news. Yesterday, Zheng Yongshou had directly reported the best news to him. The formation of the Peach Blossom Island was not activated earlier or later, but it was activated the moment they landed on the island. Zheng Yongshou was a cultivator with a good array Dao level, but when he encountered a trapping array, he was actually incoherent, and his behavior was even more ridiculous. He directly barged into the depths of the array and then disappeared without a trace ...

There were so many suspicious points mentioned above, but Luo Qingfeng either selectively ignored them or did not care at all.

Now, with the appearance of this figure, Luo Qingfeng felt that his thoughts were gradually becoming clearer ...

No wonder the natural array just so happened to appear at this time, no wonder Zheng Yongshou fearlessly rushed into the depths of the array, no wonder when he was about to break the trapping array, a killing array suddenly appeared in front of him ...

Luo Qingfeng knew that generally speaking, arrays could not change on their own. When the killing array had appeared, he had already felt that something was wrong, but he had not thought of the worst case scenario. Then, an illusion array had appeared, and with the figure he had just seen, there was no doubt that someone was controlling the great array.

Of course, after he understood some things, his expression became even uglier.

Zheng Yongshou returned to the sect with a face full of joy to report to him, as well as the scenes along the way. They all appeared in Luo Qingfeng’s mind. Now, no matter how slow Luo Qingfeng was, he knew that his beloved disciple had actually completely betrayed him. His only purpose in returning to the sect was to trick him to come to this Island and fall into the array.

Luo Qingfeng’s face turned livid. He was in danger on one hand, but it was more because of the betrayal of his beloved disciple.

If Wang Boshan had betrayed him, Luo Qingfeng would not have been so angry. After all, Wang Boshan had been active in the secular world all year round and had experienced a lot of complicated things. Moreover, Wang Boshan was not important in the sect. He might have even harbored a grudge.

But Zheng Yongshou was completely different. Qingfeng Luo had always taken care of Zheng Yongshou, because Zheng Yongshou also liked array Dao. Furthermore, Zheng Yongshou had spent most of his time cultivating in seclusion within the star Seizer sect. He had a very strong sense of belonging to the sect. Why would he betray the sect just because he was out on a mission? Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Qingfeng Luo forced himself to calm down. If he did not deal with the current situation carefully, he might even die Here.

As for the traitor Zheng Yongshou and the traitor Wang Boshan, Luo Qingfeng could deal with them after breaking the array.

His mind raced and he suddenly shouted,””Yongshou! You’re the one who activated this formation, right? I’ve really underestimated you. You can actually control the Taixu xuanqing formation in such a short time and use it against your master. You’ve really made it!”

Xia ruofei, who was hiding in the depths of the array, could not help but be stunned when he heard these words. Then, he immediately revealed a bitter smile. He thought about it and realized that he might have been too careless just now and did not completely avoid the detection of the void exploration mirror. Luo Qingfeng might have noticed that something was wrong.

However, Qingfeng Luo thought that it was Zheng Yongshou who had set up this trap.

Of course, Xia ruofei did not panic. After all, the initiative was in his hands. Luo Qingfeng was already deeply trapped in the array. Even if he woke up, it would not affect the situation.

After shouting, Qingfeng Luo waited for a while. Seeing that Zheng Yongshou did not respond to him, he could not help but shout again,””Yongshou! There was no need to hide! After all, we’re master and disciple. Even if we’re going to meet on the battlefield, you should at least come out and meet your master!”

The array was still silent, but the surging fog seemed to be responding to Luo Qingfeng silently.

Luo Qingfeng sneered and said loudly,””Aren’t you afraid that I’ll capture you and torture you to death after I break the formation? Or do you think that you can trap me with a mere formation? Hmph! Since that’s the case, I’ll give you a lesson on breaking arrays!”