Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

2738 A breakthrough at the last minute (1)

There was still no response from the depths of the formation.

Qingfeng Luo sneered. With a flip of his hand, he took out a Pearl that was emitting a terrifying aura. He poured the tremendous vital energy of the Golden core stage into the Pearl without reservation.

Although Xia ruofei was hiding far away, he could not help but feel his heart palpitate when Luo Qingfeng took out the Pearl. He could smell a trace of danger.

Xia ruofei did not hesitate to move through the array. In the blink of an eye, he arrived at the cement room where the core array disc was.

Then, Xia ruofei flicked his fingers and spiritual energy entered the array board.

The Taixu xuanqing formation, which had been slowly operating, suddenly accelerated. At the same time, it jumped out of its self – sufficient circulation and began to absorb the energy of the crystals in the groove.

Almost at the same time that Xia ruofei had completed this series of operations, Luo Qingfeng had also completed the process of accumulating energy. A trace of pain flashed in his eyes, but soon, he revealed a fierce light. He raised his hand and threw the bead that was emitting a terrifying aura.

Like a bolt of lightning, the bead streaked across an arc and landed accurately on a node of the array formation to check out the situation of the nearby array formation. Just now, Luo Qingfeng had almost finished checking through the void exploration mirror, but he could not break the array with his own strength.

Of course, what he had investigated was only the partial situation of the formation. As for the entire Taixu xuanqing formation, his level of formation Dao was not enough to fully grasp it. Otherwise, he would not have fallen into a passive state so quickly.

Xia ruofei had originally wanted to rotate the array, but just as he finished the reinforcement work, Luo Qingfeng had already started.

In the blink of an eye, the bead hit the node of the array and exploded with a huge amount of energy. It was like a nuclear bomb explosion, and a visible shock wave began to spread from the center of the explosion. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Xia ruofei felt as if his eardrums were about to burst. It was as if the entire peach source Island was experiencing an earthquake. The strengthened formation was flashing continuously. The energy accumulated since the activation of the formation was being consumed rapidly. At the center of the explosion, the boundary of the formation was clearly approaching its limit and was about to collapse.

Once the Taixu xuanqing formation was activated, it could be said to be endless. No matter which point it attacked, it was actually going against the entire formation. The energy in the other parts of the formation was constantly flowing and forming a whole.

Therefore, under normal circumstances, even if a cultivator in the early stage of the Golden core realm were to perform beyond his usual level, it was unlikely that he could break the array.

However, there was one exception, and that was when a certain node was struck by energy many times more than what it could withstand. This way, the energy of the other parts of the formation could not be replenished in time. Even if it could be replenished, it could not keep up with the speed of consumption. Then, in theory, this part could also be destroyed. Moreover, a slight change would affect the whole body. Once a point collapsed, it was likely to cause a chain reaction.

This was the so – called using force to break through.

However, with Luo Qingfeng’s cultivation level, even if he used all his strength, it was impossible.

However, Xia ruofei did not expect Luo Qingfeng to have such a trump card.

The bead he had taken out, even from a distance, could still feel the terrifying aura it exuded.

Xia ruofei had no idea what it was but he still subconsciously followed his sense of danger. He rushed to the core array board at once and converted the energy supply of the array into origin crystals. At the same time, he strengthened the array.

However, his movements were still half a beat too slow. Before he could rotate the nodes of the array, he was directly attacked by the bead.

Xia ruofei took a look and saw that energy vacuums had formed at the places where the nodes of the formation had been attacked. There was no time to replenish the energy in other parts of the formation. Furthermore, the shock wave was still spreading outwards. The other parts of the formation were also under tremendous pressure. He knew that it might only take a few breaths ‘time for the formation to show partial collapse.

The situation had suddenly become very grim.

Xia ruofei didn’t have time to hesitate. He took a big step and arrived in front of the core array board. One of his palms pressed on the array board without hesitation and continuously transferred his true Qi into it. At the same time, he used his mind and a piece of origin crystal appeared in his other palm. He was transferring energy into the array at the fastest speed regardless of the consumption. At the same time, he was still operating the “great Dao technique” to absorb the spiritual Qi in the origin crystal. If he was multitasking, even the slightest mistake would cause him to go berserk.

However, Xia ruofei knew the severity of the situation. Hence, he did not hesitate and chose to do so.

True Qi was also a very pure energy, even purer than spiritual energy. In a sense, true Qi was the product of the circulation of spiritual energy through the meridians and purification in the dantian. In terms of energy purity, it was indeed higher than spiritual energy.

However, true energy could not be directly instilled into other cultivators for use. This was because after the spiritual energy was transformed into true energy by the cultivator, it would actually carry the cultivator’s own aura. Under normal circumstances, other cultivators could not absorb it.

However, the formation didn’t have such a restriction. As long as it was energy, it could definitely be absorbed.

Xia ruofei was madly circulating the “great Dao chant” mental cultivation method. The meridians in his body were also stretched to the limit. Spiritual Qi was like a large river flowing through his meridians. On the other side, he was continuously pouring his true Qi into the core array disc and quickly transmitted it to the most dangerous position.