Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

2739 Breakthrough at the last moment (2)

After the tottering array barrier received energy replenishment, it shook a few times and began to close in on stability again.

Seeing this, Luo Qingfeng could not help but sneer. Then, he flashed over and hit the node of the array heavily with his palm. The full – force attack of an early – Stage golden core cultivator might not be able to shake this enchantment under normal circumstances, but now, the enchantment was already an arrow at the end of its flight. It was originally supported by the energy that Xia ruofei had added. Luo Qingfeng’s attack was like the last straw that broke the camel’s back. With one palm, cracks began to appear on the enchantment, and the cracks were spreading at a speed that was visible to the naked eye.

Xia ruofei knew the situation inside the formation like the back of his hand. He sensed this situation immediately.

However, the more dangerous the situation was, the calmer Xia ruofei was. He did not panic because of the barrier’s destruction. Instead, he quickly released his spiritual power to control the array board and adjust the circulation of the array.

Luo Qingfeng was also very experienced. After the wizardry barrier shattered, he did not hesitate to fly along the route that he had previously checked. The direction was exactly the cement house where Xia ruofei was.

Although Luo Qingfeng could not fully understand the mystery of the Taixu xuanqing formation, he had still chosen the most correct path based on his extensive experience and investigation of the local formations.

Xia ruofei’s face turned bitter. He did not expect that the biggest variable would be the bead that Luo Qingfeng had taken out.

It could be seen from Qingfeng Luo’s pained expression that he would not have taken out the Pearl if he had not been forced to or at a life – and – Death juncture. It was clear that this item was very precious and was most likely a one – time use item.

No matter what, this was the current situation. Luo Qingfeng had already cracked part of the Taixu xuanqing formation, and Xia ruofei was not able to mobilize the formation so quickly. In addition, this part of the node had been destroyed, so it was inevitable that the operation of the formation would be delayed to a certain extent. Thus, the efficiency was even lower.

In the surging fog, the various defensive formations of the Taixu xuanqing formation were constantly changing positions.

Xia ruofei continued to channel his true Qi into the formation plate as if he didn’t care about his own life. He didn’t even care that his dantian was starting to hurt.

At the same time, he was also continuously absorbing the extremely dense spiritual energy of the origin crystal in his palm, and continuously operating the <great Dao Scripture>.

Xia ruofei was so focused on controlling the formation that he didn’t even realize it. Because of the high – intensity cultivation and consumption, the originally firm shackles of the realm had begun to loosen.

It was like a heavy door that couldn’t be pushed open before, but now a very small gap had been opened.

Although the gap was small, he could already smell the scent inside the door.

However, Xia ruofei did not feel it at all. He was still operating the great Dao formula at high speed. At the same time, he was continuously injecting his genuine Qi into the core array board to speed up the operation of the array.

At this moment, Luo Qingfeng was like a god who had descended to the mortal world. He would kill anything that stood in his way.

No matter if it was an illusion array, a trap array, or a killing array, they did not have time to completely close up. Luo Qingfeng’s cultivation was relatively high, so he broke through all the arrays with force and quickly rushed to the front of the cement house ...

Qingfeng Luo saw that there was no fog around the cement house. He was slightly stunned at first, and then he revealed a cruel sneer.

“I’ve finally found you, my disciple!” Qingfeng Luo said word by word.

With his array Dao level, he could naturally guess that this place was most likely the array core, and the array controller would naturally be next to the array core.

However, up until now, Luo Qingfeng still thought that it was Zheng Yongshou who had controlled the array to deal with him.

The anger in Luo Qingfeng’s chest was burning. At the same time, he felt a sense of pride. After all, he had broken the Taixu xuanqing formation with his own hands. Even though he had paid a great price, at least the result was quite good.

How could a formation at the level of the Taixu xuanqing formation be so easy to crack? Luo Qingfeng felt that Zheng Yongshou’s array Dao cultivation was limited, and the array had just been activated and was not yet stable.

He believed that after he took control of the peach source Island, he would be able to improve the power of the formation by a large margin.

Qingfeng Luo’s anger dissipated at the thought of his bright future. Losing the Pearl was indeed a heartache, but he felt that it was worth it to exchange it for a cultivation paradise like the peach source Island.

Qingfeng Luo paused for a moment, then waved his hand. The iron door of the cement room was grabbed down by an invisible force and flew to the side.

As soon as the iron door opened, Xia ruofei was naturally exposed to Luo Qingfeng’s sight.

Luo Qingfeng was stunned when he saw Xia ruofei injecting vital energy into the core of the array. He squinted his eyes and sized Xia ruofei up, then said,””Zheng Yongshou isn’t controlling the formation? I knew it ... With his half – baked skills, how could he possibly control the Taixu xuanqing formation?”

Then, Luo Qingfeng asked again,’tell me! Who are you? And how did you find the Peach Blossom Island?” Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Luo Qingfeng was still very vigilant when he saw a strange young man on the Peach Blossom Island with such a high level of array Dao.

It was obvious that Zheng Yongshou and Wang Boshan had betrayed the sect and sought refuge with this young man.

What Luo Qingfeng was most worried about was that this young man had a sect background.

This was because the secret of the Paradise Island had already been exposed.

Especially when he found out that Xia ruofei’s cultivation had already reached refined Qi level 9. He was even more shocked. How could he reach refined Qi level 9 at such a young age?

Qingfeng Luo thought about it. When he was her age, his cultivation level ... Seemed to have just reached refined Qi Level 2!

Could it be that he was someone from a powerful faction? Luo Qingfeng had a bad feeling.

However, Xia ruofei did not say a word. He remained sitting cross – legged with his eyes closed.

He had already stopped injecting vital energy into the core array disc. Luo Qingfeng was already right in front of him, and it was too late to activate the array.

However, Xia ruofei did not stop cultivating the great Dao technique.

It wasn’t that he didn’t want to, but he simply couldn’t stop.

Just now, he had desperately poured in true Qi at all costs, and at the same time, he had also used his fastest speed to circulate his cultivation method to absorb the spiritual energy contained in the origin crystals. Without realizing it, he had already touched the biggest bottleneck of the Qi refining stage.

If Xia ruofei had discovered it in time, he could have suppressed his cultivation and stopped.

However, all of his attention had been focused on the formation at the time, and he had no time to check his own condition.

By the time Xia ruofei realized that something was wrong, he was already on the verge of breaking through and could not stop.

It was like a heavy train. If it started to accelerate, it could still stop. However, as it gradually increased its speed, under the huge inertia, if the train wanted to stop, it had to slow down a long time in advance.

This was Xia ruofei’s current situation. The difference was that he couldn’t slow down at all. The genuine Qi in his body was boiling and constantly attacking the bottleneck of his cultivation.

The pure energy in the origin crystal was still flowing into his meridians.

What Xia ruofei could do was to break through as soon as possible. Otherwise, he would definitely suffer from Qi deviation. If he was lucky, he might lose all his cultivation and become a cripple. If he was unlucky, he might even die on the spot.

Even though he knew that he was facing a powerful enemy, Xia ruofei remained calm and focused on breaking through the bottleneck of his cultivation.

Seeing the young man sitting cross – legged on the ground without even turning his head, Qingfeng Luo was furious.

However, he soon noticed that something was wrong and could not help but release his spiritual power to investigate.

“Hahaha!” Luo Qingfeng could not help but laugh wildly.”You’re actually breaking through? You still have the heart to break through at this time! Truly, the ignorant are fearless!”

Qingfeng Luo knew all too well how tough the bottleneck of the Qi refinement stage was. Under normal circumstances, one would have to make all kinds of preparations and adjust their body to the best condition before attempting to break through. Even so, the success rate was very low.

...

But this young man in front of him actually broke through at the last minute. Wasn’t he looking down on him, an Aurous core stage cultivator?

A cruel smile appeared on Luo Qingfeng’s face. Even if he thought that the chances of Xia ruofei’s breakthrough were very low, he would not let Xia ruofei continue to try. Now that they were enemies, he would not be so pedantic as to wait for Xia ruofei’s breakthrough before fighting to the death.

Luo Qingfeng’s figure flashed and he dashed in Xia ruofei’s direction. At the same time, he waved his palm and struck Xia ruofei’s back ...