Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

2740 Taking advantage of the situation to break through (1)

It was the most critical moment for Xia ruofei’s breakthrough when Luo Qingfeng did not have the time to form the surrounding array in front of the cement house. Although he knew that Luo Qingfeng was unstoppable, he had to cut off the connection with the core array disc for the time being and focus all his attention on the breakthrough.

Xia ruofei used all his strength to operate the “great Dao Arts” technique. He used his genuine Qi to flush the unopened meridians again and again, constantly breaking through the bottleneck of his cultivation.

But the shackles of crossing major realms were even stronger than he imagined.

Although the true Qi cultivated from the great Dao Arts was extremely pure and the foundation he had laid down before was very solid, this breakthrough was still a little rushed.

Xia ruofei could feel that the sturdy door had been pushed open a crack. Under the repeated washing of essential Qi, it was slowly opening. However, the opening speed was too slow. He even felt that it was difficult to continue.

Although he was completely immersed in his breakthrough and isolated himself from the outside world, he knew that the situation was not good. He knew that what he needed the most now was time.

However, the process of breaking through was extremely difficult, and time did not allow it.

What was more serious was that Xia ruofei could not move at all. In fact, he was fully focused on breaking through. Unless he wanted to go into Qi deviation, he could not multitask like he did just now.

Xia ruofei circulated the “great Dao Arts” to the extreme. His genuine Qi was constantly breaking through the bottleneck in the high – speed circulation.

“Break it ...” Xia ruofei shouted in his heart.

The heavy door was still opening slowly. Xia ruofei could feel the alluring view behind the door, but he was still far from a complete breakthrough.

Luo Qingfeng did not give him any time.

Danger was approaching!

Xia ruofei had already closed his Six Senses. It was only when Luo Qingfeng’s attack landed on his back that he suddenly woke up from his state of concentration.

The Golden core Qi entered Xia ruofei’s body from his back. He felt as if he had been hit by a heavy truck. The powerful Qi entered his meridians. He felt something sweet in his throat and could not help but spit out a mouthful of blood.

In fact, Luo Qingfeng’s palm had not even touched Xia ruofei’s back, but his vital energy had already surged in.

Luo Qingfeng had a cruel smile on his face. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

There was no doubt that this young man was a genius. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have been able to reach refined Qi level 9 at such a young age. He might have even begun to break through the bottleneck of the major realm.

Killing such a genius with his own hands gave Luo Qingfeng an indescribable pleasure.

However, Luo Qingfeng’s smile only lasted for a second before it froze on his face. Then, he widened his eyes as if he had seen a ghost.

It turned out that when his genuine Qi entered Xia ruofei’s body, Xia ruofei opened his eyes and spat out a mouthful of blood.

However, Xia ruofei disappeared right after.

Qingfeng Luo couldn’t believe his eyes. Such a living person had just disappeared into thin air right under his eyes. This made Qingfeng Luo feel like he was hallucinating. He subconsciously rubbed his eyes and looked over, but the young man was still nowhere to be seen.

If not for the blood that Xia ruofei had spat out, Luo Qingfeng would have thought that he was in a dream.

He incredulously took two steps forward and carefully examined it, but there was no trace at all. It was as if the young man had teleported.

Could it be that he had a magic treasure that could teleport? Luo Qingfeng’s expression became even more solemn.

He had only heard of such a magic weapon, but had never seen it before. To be able to take out such a precious magic weapon, it could be imagined how powerful the force behind this young man was. Perhaps there was a Yuanying stage old monster beyond the Golden core stage.

Even if he managed to take down the Peach Blossom Island, could he really keep it? Luo Qingfeng could not help but wonder.

Of course, Xia ruofei didn’t disappear because of some heaven – defying treasure given by the elders of his sect.

When Luo Qingfeng’s powerful vital energy attacked him just now, he had finally broken away from the state of no thoughts and no thoughts. It was as if he had been hit by a heavy hammer on his back. If it had been an ordinary person, he would have been flustered. Even if he had not been killed by Luo Qingfeng, he would have been possessed by the devil.

However, Xia ruofei had long trained his mental strength to be strong. At that moment, his thoughts were extremely clear and he made the most correct and crucial choice. He did not hesitate to communicate with the spirit map space with his mind and entered the spirit map space the moment he was attacked.

Xia ruofei had already considered the worst – Case scenario when he was making his preparations. Hence, he had hidden the painting in a crack on the cliff wall in advance. He had also covered it with weeds. It could be said to be seamless.

The cement room was not far from the cliff. It was within the range of Xia ruofei’s spiritual power. As long as he willed it, he could directly communicate with the spirit map scroll in the crack of the cliff and enter the space.

Originally, it was just a preventive measure, but who would have thought that the final arrangement would actually work.

It could be said that Xia ruofei’s own cautiousness had saved his life.

Xia ruofei was at the critical moment of his breakthrough. Although he was forcefully awakened by Luo Qingfeng’s attack, he only had a moment before he had to continue to immerse himself in the breakthrough. Otherwise, he might really lose control of his violent essential Qi.