Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 275: Chapter 271 – like a tiger that has grown wings (1)

Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Xia ruofei recalled that when he sent the three Hornets into the spirit map space, not only was the spirit map scroll still in his body, but his body did not come into contact with the Hornets! In the past, when Xia ruofei wanted to send things into the origin space, he had to be physically in contact with the item. Xia ruofei’s reaction just now was a subconscious one. Although he could control the three Hornets with his mind, he was still a little afraid of the fierce Hornets. So he didn’t touch the Hornets but focused on the Hornets and gave the order to send them into the realm. The three Hornets were directly sent into the space. Could this also be a change after the space was upgraded? Xia ruofei was pleasantly surprised and couldn’t wait to try it out. The first thing he saw was the coat and pistol hanging on the coat hook not far away. Xia ruofei focused his mind and with a thought, the jacket and the pistol in the holster disappeared into thin air. His mind also sensed that they had appeared in the all – terrain vehicle in the new space. Yingying followed Xia ruofei’s instructions and landed on the passenger seat of the all – terrain vehicle almost exactly. Xia ruofei was no longer sleepy and kept trying. In the end, he finally confirmed the change that he had not noticed since the last upgrade of the space. Now, Xia ruofei could store and retrieve items directly from the spirit map space without summoning the spirit map scroll. Moreover, he didn’t need to physically touch the item. He could put it into the space with a thought. After repeated attempts, Xia ruofei also realized that this function had a distance limit. For now, as long as the weight and size of items within a two – meter radius of him were not beyond his control, he could put them into the space with his mind. Once it was beyond two meters, Xia ruofei would not be able to control it. Even so, it was a huge surprise for Xia ruofei. These two changes made Xia ruofei’s spirit map’s concealment get a qualitative improvement. Unless he needed to enter the spirit map space himself, he did not need to summon the spirit map from his palm. The spirit painting was hidden in his palm, and even the most powerful detection instrument in the world could not find it. Furthermore, he could store items in the space without physical contact. This made it much easier for Xia ruofei to do things in special situations. Xia ruofei thought of the Hornet that had suddenly flown out of the cage and decided to enter the new space to check it out. He re – checked the door and windows. At the same time, he checked the room. Although the possibility of listening and monitoring devices being installed in the room in guling courtyard was very low, Xia ruofei would be very careful when it came to the secret of the spirit map and painting. After confirming that there was no danger, Xia ruofei summoned the spirit map scroll from his palm. Then, he pulled the blanket and stuffed the scroll under it. With a thought, he entered the new space. As soon as Xia ruofei appeared in the new space, Blackie and the rest barked and ran over. Blackie bit Xia ruofei’s pants and pulled him in the direction of the giant hornet’s nest. Xia ruofei smiled and said,”Xiao hei, don’t pull!” I already know!” “By the way, Blackie, did any of you get hurt by the Hornet?” he asked after some thought. Blackie immediately barked twice. Then, the pitiful er Mao and Si Mao walked in front of Xia ruofei and barked a few times. Xia ruofei took a look and saw that the two unlucky dogs had two or three swollen spots on their bodies. With a thought, Xia ruofei retrieved a bottle of diluted flower petal solution from the original space. Then, he applied the flower petal solution on er Mao and Si Mao’s wounds. The swelling subsided after a short while. Er Mao and Si Mao wagged their tails at Xia ruofei gratefully. They even stuck out their tongues to lick Xia ruofei’s feet from time to time, making Xia ruofei laugh. These puppies had lived in the spirit map space for a long time. Their spiritual intelligence had long surpassed that of ordinary puppies. They were even stronger than lightning, who had been guarding Xia ruofei’s house in the outside world. After all, even lightning couldn’t last as long as they could in the space. Xia ruofei was also thinking of raising them a little more so that they could live in the outside world. In this way, there were a total of seven dogs on Tao Yuan farm, including lightning. Moreover, each of them was much more ferocious than an ordinary dog, so the safety of the farm was even more assured. After treating er Mao and Si Mao’s wounds, Xia ruofei ordered Blackie and the rest not to get close to the cage and walked straight to it. Xia ruofei looked around the cage and quickly found a small gap at the joint of the two metal curtains. If a small Hornet accidentally flew into this gap, it could pass through. Xia ruofei immediately took out some thin iron wires from the original space. These were the leftovers from when he tied the cucumber racks in the space. He used a thin wire to fill up the gap and checked it again to make sure there were no other holes, in case these dangerous Hornets came out again and hurt Blackie and the others. Since he had entered the medium, Xia ruofei decided to take a look around. The oak tree that had been transplanted into the new space was flourishing. It had already taken root in the new space. Other than the oak tree, Blackie, the dogs, and the hornet’s nest were the only other creatures in the new space. Xia ruofei quickly looked around. He returned to the stone tablet and tried again, and the result was the same as the previous times. He could see the small golden figure demonstrate nine sets of movements, but when his mind left the stone tablet, he could still only remember the first set. Xia ruofei sighed. He knew that it would be useless to try again. To unlock the second set of movements, he might need to practice the first set of movements to a certain level, or he might need space to level up again. Xia ruofei returned to the original space. The young red Dragon had already grown to more than 30 centimeters. It was estimated that it would be able to be sold directly in a while. Because Red Arowana had a hair color process, before this process was completed, it was impossible to accurately judge the quality after the hair color was completely completed. Therefore, they had to wait until they had grown to a certain extent, and it was best to maximize the benefits after the hair color was basically completed. The ginseng and the Phoebe zhennan trees were growing well as usual and Xia ruofei did not have to worry about them. Xia ruofei did not waste the branches left behind from cutting down the big Phoebe zhennan trees. He planted all of them into the soil in the space. Now, they had all survived and grown new branches and leaves. The Phoebe zhennan big material was also lying quietly on the soil in the space, completing the process of weathering and drying. Finally, Xia ruofei came to the place where the iron – Skin Dendrobium was planted. After a week in the outside world and more than seven months in the medium, the iron – Skin Dendrobium had naturally all survived and grown a lot. Iron – Skin dendrobes could only be harvested two to three years in the outside world to be used to make the priceless iron – Skin maple Dipper. However, this process only took about a month in the medium. Xia ruofei didn’t plan to make the iron – Skin maple stem right away. Instead, he planned to start cutting again after a month to expand the scale of the planting. By next month, he would be able to harvest a large number of high – Quality iron – Skin Dendrobium strips. At that time, he would be able to start making the iron Kaede bucket. However, there was a problem with the production of iron maples. It was not easy to find a skilled master. In the future, he would be able to produce a batch of iron maples every month. It was best to have someone who could work on the farm for a long time. Of course, there was still plenty of time. Xia ruofei could think of a solution after he returned from Mount Wu Yi. After a round of inspection, Xia ruofei left the spirit map space with a peace of mind and kept the spirit map scroll in his palm. He was so excited that he tossed and turned in bed for a long time before he fell asleep.