Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

2741 Taking advantage of the situation to break through (2)

Fortunately, Xia ruofei’s mind was very clear and calm. He had also made all the necessary preparations in advance to help his Archean realm in the spirit map space. He had even used the time array flags to set up the formation. After the effects of the time array flags and the Archean realm were superimposed, the time flow in the formation was 2000 times slower than the outside world.

Xia ruofei’s plan was to give himself more time to react when the situation turned bad.

This arrangement was now playing a key role.

The moment Xia ruofei woke up, he entered space without hesitation. He even entered the array formation formed by the time array flags of the Archean realm.

Under the effect of the 2000 – times difference in time flow, when one observed the outside world from the inside of the primordial realm time formation, everything seemed to have stopped.

Of course, after Xia ruofei entered the space, he had no time to observe the situation outside. He entered a state of no thoughts and no thoughts and devoted himself to the breakthrough.

Xia ruofei quickly realized that although Luo Qingfeng’s palm had caused him some damage, most of the vital energy had been quickly assimilated by the vital energy of the great path after entering his meridians. It had joined the ranks of breaking through the bottleneck.

Under normal circumstances, it was very dangerous for the enemy’s genuine Qi to rush into one’s meridians, and it was an enemy who was one realm higher than one’s cultivation. It was very likely to cause serious damage to one’s meridians. Even if one’s meridians were lucky enough not to be injured, it would still disturb the normal operation of genuine Qi. One could even go into Qi deviation if one was not careful.

However, Xia ruofei’s starting point for his cultivation was very high. The foundation of the great Dao Arts was too solid, and his meridians had long been tempered by the great Dao true Qi to become extremely tough. Although Luo Qingfeng’s true Qi was powerful and Xia ruofei felt as if his meridians were about to burst, he still managed to withstand it.

More importantly, the level of the “great Dao Arts” that he had cultivated was extremely high, and it was in line with the Supreme Truth of heaven and earth. The true Qi that he had cultivated was even more inclusive. The true Qi that came from Luo Qingfeng could not disturb the circulation of the true Qi of the great Dao at all. On the contrary, under the constant brushing, Luo Qingfeng’s unique aura was eliminated bit by bit. This vigorous true Qi was directly transformed into the purest energy, and together with the true Qi of the great Dao, it was charging towards the bottleneck of his cultivation. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

With the help of this Qi of a higher level, Xia ruofei’s breakthrough speed was much faster.

Originally, the door was half – covered with a pipa, and it took a long time to widen the gap a little. But now with the help of the true Qi of Jindan stage, it was as if the door’s hinges had been lubricated, and it was much easier to push.

Xia ruofei was overjoyed. He quickly mobilized his genuine Qi and tried to break through the bottleneck.

Even so, this breakthrough was the most difficult one Xia ruofei had ever experienced since he started cultivating.

He spent a full day before he finally felt a cracking sound coming from his body, as if an egg shell had cracked. The originally solid shackles of his cultivation had finally been broken.

Once the shackles were broken, it meant that more of the blocked meridians were opened.

The huge amount of true energy also had a vent all of a sudden. Like a dam bursting its dam, it gushed through these newly opened meridians.

Xia ruofei was also enlightened. He immediately started to circulate his genuine Qi according to the second level of the “great Dao technique”.

Ever since he had unlocked the “heaven” jade talisman, Xia ruofei had already collected all the techniques of the “great Dao technique”. However, the Qi refinement realm only needed to cultivate the first level of the technique.

Hence, this was Xia ruofei’s first time cultivating the second level of the “great Dao Arts”.

Fortunately, the Jade talisman of inheritance “copied” the technique directly into Xia ruofei’s mind and even brought his cultivation experience. Hence, it did not look like Xia ruofei was cultivating the second level of the technique for the first time. He controlled his genuine Qi with great familiarity and circulated it along the more complicated Meridian routes.

After a breakthrough in cultivation, it was natural to consolidate it as soon as possible. Otherwise, if the foundation was not solid, the subsequent cultivation would be affected. If the cultivation was not consolidated in time, it was not impossible to fall back to the Qi refining stage.

Most importantly, after Xia ruofei had successfully broken through, the first thing he did was to check the situation outside.

Due to the difference in time flow of two thousand times, although Xia ruofei had spent an entire day to break through the shackles of the Qi refining stage, only less than a minute had passed in the outside world.

When Xia ruofei checked, he found that Luo Qingfeng had not fully recovered. He was still looking for him, so Xia ruofei was not in a hurry to go out.

The second level of the “great Dao Arts” was even more mysterious. Many of the meridians were only opened up when one broke through. When the true energy circulated through these meridians, they greedily absorbed the nutrients of the true energy like a land that had been dry for a long time receiving sweet rain. They expanded at a speed visible to the naked eye, and at the same time, they became tougher.

With every circulation, Xia ruofei noticed that the genuine Qi in his dantian had a slight change. The new genuine Qi seemed to be fundamentally different from the genuine Qi He had before.

The same wisp of genuine Qi contained at least ten times more energy than before, and the density was obviously higher.

Xia ruofei had a sudden realization. This must be the so – called ‘vital Qi’.

The most essential difference between the Qi refining stage and the Golden core stage was that the true Qi of a golden core stage cultivator had been completely transformed into primordial Qi. So, to be more precise, when Xia ruofei was attacked by Luo Qingfeng just now, the primordial Qi that had rushed into his meridians was extremely pure. It was also because of this that his breakthrough speed had suddenly increased by a lot.