2742 Taking advantage of the situation to break through (3)

Of course, strictly speaking, Xia ruofei’s current cultivation was not at the Golden core stage.

A true golden core stage cultivator would completely transform the true Qi in their body into origin Qi, and form a miniature golden core cyclone in their dantian. The formation of this miniature cyclone marked the cultivator’s official entry into the early golden core stage.

Luo Qingfeng’s cultivation was at this stage.

When a cultivator broke through the shackles of the Qi refining stage, they had not yet reached the Golden core stage. It was generally called the foundation building stage. As the name implied, it was a period of time when the foundation of cultivation was built.

However, the foundation establishment stage was only a transitional stage. The whole process was to transform the true Qi into primordial Qi. When the true Qi was completely transformed into primordial Qi, as long as the embryonic form of the Golden core was successfully formed, it meant that the cultivator had officially reached the cultivation of the early golden core stage.

This process could be completed as long as one cultivated step by step, and there would be no bottlenecks in the middle. Therefore, when the cultivation world divided the levels, many times the foundation establishment stage was not regarded as an independent level.

As long as a cultivator broke through the shackles of the Qi refining stage, they were already “quasi – Golden core” cultivators. Generally speaking, there were very few cultivators who could successfully build their Foundation and not reach the early golden core stage.

Xia ruofei felt the difference between vital Qi and genuine Qi, then continued to use the great Dao Arts. He was now in the spirit map’s space, and the spiritual Qi was very rich. After the space was upgraded, he could replenish energy from the chaotic space outside, so he did not have to worry about the space being affected by the large consumption of spiritual Qi.

Xia ruofei absorbed the pure spiritual Qi into his body. At the same time, the genuine Qi in his body was circulating in his meridians. With every big circulation, it would produce a more condensed vital Qi.

After three hours of cultivation, Xia ruofei finally felt that the speed of the genuine Qi conversion had slowed down.

He knew that his cultivation base had been completely consolidated.

Although only about 10% of the true Qi in the body had been converted into primordial Qi, cultivation was never something that could be achieved overnight. Even if there were no bottlenecks and shackles in the Foundation Stage, it would still take a certain amount of time to successfully form the embryonic cyclone of the Golden core. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Xia ruofei’s cultivation had already been consolidated. If he continued to cultivate, his efficiency would be greatly reduced.

He also sent out a wisp of his spiritual energy to check the outside world and found that Luo Qingfeng had given up on looking for him and had turned to the core array disc that was still operating on its own.

Luo Qingfeng was decisive. He used his spiritual energy to search the entire peach source Island, but he could not find Xia ruofei. Of course, there were blind spots in his search. Although the Taixu xuanqing formation had suffered some damage, the main body of the formation was not affected. Thus, Luo Qingfeng’s spiritual energy could not probe deeply into many areas.

Therefore, Luo Qingfeng quickly made the right decision. He had to destroy the core array disc first before considering the next step.

Although this core array disc could activate the Taixu xuanqing formation, it was set up by the enemy. With his array Dao cultivation, it was not enough to find out if the enemy had any other tricks up his sleeve. Therefore, the safest way was to destroy the array disc completely first and then use his own means to reactivate the array. In this way, he could still control the formation without leaving any hidden dangers.

Seeing this, Xia ruofei’s expression turned cold. Without hesitation, he moved out of the spirit map space and appeared directly outside the cement room. At the same time, his spiritual power entered the core array board without hesitation and began to skillfully manipulate the array ...