2745 No way to escape (1)

Ding! Ding!

In a flash, the two flying swords collided.

Luo Qingfeng’s Meteor sword was sent flying, but the blue travel immortal sword was not affected at all. Its momentum was only slightly reduced, and then it immediately drew a beautiful arc and quickly slashed toward Luo Qingfeng’s neck.

Luo Qingfeng’s mind trembled, and his eyes revealed a look of disbelief.

Didn’t this young man just break through? How did he manage to nurture a flying sword in his dantian?

Most importantly, his meteor sword was completely suppressed by his flying sword and was at a disadvantage.

What did this mean?

It meant that the other party’s flying sword was of a much higher grade than his, and at the same time, the other party’s mental power cultivation was at least not weaker than his, and might even be stronger than his.

These two conditions were indispensable. Otherwise, it would be impossible to achieve the effect of sending meteor sword flying with a single collision.

For the first time, Luo Qingfeng felt a trace of fear.

The person opposite him was definitely a super genius!

Perhaps Luo Qingfeng was confident that he would not be at a disadvantage if he were to face Xia ruofei head on. However, he also knew that it would be extremely difficult to kill Xia ruofei.

Most importantly, he couldn’t afford to offend such a super – genius because only those reclusive superpowers could cultivate such a genius.

Each of these forces could shake the cultivation world with a stomp of their feet.

Moreover, since they dared to allow such a super genius to roam the world on his own, how could they not have given him a trump card?

In just a short while, the other party had mysteriously disappeared on the spot, and now a flying sword of such a high grade had appeared. All of these had already been exposed, so what trump card could it be that had not been revealed?

At this moment, the blue travel immortal sword had already taken the initiative to attack him, so he didn’t have time to think.

Luo Qingfeng dodged subconsciously and tried to regain control of his meteor sword.

Initially, he did not think much of Xia ruofei’s attack. After all, no matter how much of a genius Xia ruofei was, he was only a cultivator who had just broken through to the Foundation Stage. Even if his spiritual power cultivation was relatively strong, he did not think that he was that skilled in controlling the flying sword.

To Luo Qingfeng’s surprise, Xia ruofei’s flying sword attack was very fierce, and its attack trajectory was quite strange. It seemed to have calculated the direction he was going to Dodge in. It actually changed its direction agilely in the air and waited in front of him. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

If it was not for Luo Qingfeng’s quick reaction, he might have crashed into it.

If such a thing really happened, Qingfeng Luo felt that he should just knock himself to death with a piece of tofu. How could a dignified Aurous core stage cultivator knock himself against the flying sword of a young man who had just broken through?

Luo Qingfeng stopped in time and immediately used the star Seizer sect’s movement technique, trying to find a breakthrough point in the sword curtain and attack Xia ruofei directly.

However, Xia ruofei’s flying sword seemed to have a mind of its own and did not reveal any flaws at all. On the other hand, Luo Qingfeng seemed to be in a sorry state under such an attack. He could not even divert his attention to control his own meteor sword.

Luo Qingfeng could not help but feel fear, and for the first time, the thought of running away emerged in his mind.

On the other hand, Xia ruofei was overjoyed. He was performing the ‘gentleman sword’, which did not have a nice name. This sword technique had to be used with a flying sword.

This was Xia ruofei’s first time using the noble Sword in actual combat. He did not expect the effect to be so good. Even Luo Qingfeng was a little flustered when dealing with it.

Xia ruofei’s spirit was lifted, and he continued to control the blue travel immortal sword. He did not care how Luo Qingfeng dodged, and directly executed each move according to the gentleman sword. He did not expect the effect to be so good. Luo Qingfeng was completely at a disadvantage, and there were even a few times when he almost injured him.

Luo Qingfeng’s face grew uglier and uglier. Finally, he could not hold it in any longer. After barely dodging a fierce attack from the blue travel immortal sword, he turned his hand and took out a talisman from his storage ring.

This talisman looked very simple and unadorned. The pale yellow talisman had complex dark red patterns drawn on it, and it actually emitted a faint golden light in the night.

Luo Qingfeng’s heart ached, but he did not hesitate and threw the talisman at the blue travel immortal sword.

This seemingly light talisman seemed to have a huge weight. After being thrown out, it was very fast, and even made a sound of breaking the air.

Xia ruofei controlled the blue travel immortal sword and changed its move, bypassing the talisman just in time. He was about to continue his fierce attack on Luo Qingfeng.

However, something that surprised Xia ruofei happened.

The talisman seemed to have a spirit of its own. It also changed its direction in the air, increasing its speed instead of decreasing, and continued to fly toward the blue travel immortal sword.

Xia ruofei was slightly stunned, but the talisman had already caught up with the blue travel immortal sword.

BOOM!

The talisman exploded with a loud noise.

A shock wave visible to the naked eye shook the blue immortal sword away and temporarily cut off the spiritual connection between Xia ruofei and the blue immortal sword.

The blue travel immortal sword flew askew for a distance before falling down.

Before Xia ruofei could regain control of the flying sword, Luo Qingfeng had decisively used the shock wave from the talisman explosion to leap forward. Then, he exerted force on his feet and quickly fled into the distance.