Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

2746 No way to escape (2)

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but be stunned. He didn’t think that he could actually force an Aurous core stage cultivator to run away. Furthermore, he didn’t even use the power of the array. It was a direct confrontation.

This confrontation had greatly boosted Xia ruofei’s confidence.

Seeing that Luo Qingfeng had escaped dozens of meters away in the blink of an eye, Xia ruofei was not in a hurry to give chase. He calmly looked in the direction that Luo Qingfeng had escaped in, then released his spiritual power to establish a connection with the core array disc not far away.

Several arrays that had been set up in place were activated at the same time, and Luo Qingfeng was enveloped in an instant.

Qingfeng Luo did not even take his flying sword. He immediately fled in the direction of the island. He was really frightened. He had clearly felt the threat just now. He knew that if he continued to stay here, his life would definitely be in danger.

Although he had escaped dozens of meters away in the blink of an eye, Qingfeng Luo did not dare to relax. He increased his speed and maintained a high level of vigilance.

Sure enough, he only felt his eyes blur, and then the scene in front of him suddenly changed.

Originally, he was under the night sky with a bright moon and few stars, and the sea in the distance could be vaguely seen.

However, in the blink of an eye, Luo Qingfeng found himself in a Valley with bright sunlight, chirping birds, and fragrant flowers. There were a few white clouds floating in the sky, and his nose could vaguely smell the fragrance of grass. It was as if he had suddenly been teleported to another time zone, and he was instantly in a picturesque paradise on earth.

Although the environment here was beautiful and made people involuntarily relax, Luo Qingfeng did not feel the slightest bit of satisfaction. On the contrary, his expression became even uglier.

He knew very well that he must have barged into an illusory formation, and everything in front of him was just an illusion to confuse him.

However, the most terrifying thing was that even though he was the number one formation master of the star Seizer sect, he could not see any trace of a formation in his surroundings. Everything was so natural and filled with the aura of nature.

The feeling of the breeze brushing against his skin was no different from reality.

There were also the grass swaying gently in the wind, the butterflies dancing in the wildflowers, and the birds leaving traces of their wings in the sky ...

Qingfeng Luo looked around nervously. He knew that the more peaceful the environment was, the more dangerous it was.

Now, he had basically used up all his trump cards. Whether it was the bead that he had used to break the array or the talisman that he had just used to get rid of the attack of the flying sword, they were all treasures that Luo Qingfeng had kept for many years to save his life. These were all one – time use items and would be gone once they were used.

Moreover, his meteor flying sword had been abandoned at the place where he had fought with Xia ruofei.

It could be said that Luo Qingfeng’s strength had been greatly reduced after using these trump cards.

Luo Qingfeng was like a bird startled by the mere twang of a bow. All the vital Qi in his body circulated, and he was constantly in a state of high alert.

At the same time, he flipped his hand and took out the only magic treasure that might still be of some use, the misty void exploration mirror.

This magic treasure could see through all illusions, so it should be effective in dealing with maze and illusionary formations.

Luo Qingfeng activated the void – Exploration mirror and aimed it in the direction he had come from. He was most worried that Xia ruofei would catch up to him and he would not be aware of it. Therefore, after using the void – Exploration mirror, he first observed the situation behind him.

Unbeknownst to him, he had actually stepped into a bewildering formation just now. He thought that he was running in a straight line, but in reality, he had already circled around the same spot a few times, and his direction had deviated by an unknown distance.

Moreover, the effect of the void exploration mirror on this illusory formation did not seem to be as good as Luo Qingfeng had imagined.

Although the mirror didn’t show the scenery of this paradise, it was dark and shrouded in a layer of mist, so it couldn’t be seen clearly.

Luo Qingfeng’s eyes widened as he stared at the surface of the void exploration mirror and shifted his position bit by bit.

He hoped to use the limited information he had to try his best to confirm the location. It would be best if he could find a loophole in the formation.

Luo Qingfeng knew very well that the longer this dragged on, the more disadvantageous it would be for him.

He hated Zheng Yongshou and Wang Boshan to the core. Of course, he hated Xia ruofei the most, but he didn’t know Xia ruofei’s name yet.

While staring at the void exploration mirror, Luo Qingfeng said in his heart,”As long as I can get out of this, I will definitely spread the news of this Taixu xuanqing formation in the cultivation world so that you will never have a peaceful day!

He knew that with the star Seizer sect’s current strength, it would be very difficult for them to forcefully take the Peach Blossom Island.

This time, not only did he not get anything, he even used his life – saving trump card. Now, he was even trapped in the array. He really tried to steal a chicken but ended up losing the rice.

Since he could not get it, he would not let the other party have an easy time. This was Luo Qingfeng’s current mentality.

Luo Qingfeng was staring at the void – Exploration mirror when suddenly, he saw a dazzling bright spot on the surface of the mirror. Just as he was about to examine it carefully, he suddenly felt a huge warning in his heart. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Luo Qingfeng’s heart tightened, and he subconsciously rolled to the side.

With a flash of cold light, the blue travel immortal sword seemed to appear out of thin air and cut directly at the place where he had just been standing. Then it disappeared immediately, as if it had never appeared.

Luo Qingfeng’s heart was beating wildly. He now realized that the dazzling light on the void exploration mirror was actually the sword ray produced by the blue immortal sword. If the void exploration mirror had not been aimed in that direction, he might have been seriously injured by now.