Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

2748 Success (1)

“It seems that you still have some illusions! Are you trying to trick me?” Xia ruofei sneered,”the natural array on Peach Blossom Island is so important, and you never thought that Zheng Yongshou and Wang Boshan would betray you. Would you leave a backup plan? Do you think I’m a three – year – old kid?”

While Luo Qingfeng was trapped, Xia ruofei had already brought Zheng Yongshou to his side and asked him about the entire process of his return to the star Seizer sect.

Hence, Xia ruofei naturally knew that Luo Qingfeng had not taken any precautions to prevent the news from being leaked. He had quietly left the sect with Zheng Yongshou. Even now, the people of the star Seizer sect still thought that their sect master was in seclusion!

Luo Qingfeng’s face was livid. Without a word, he continued to swing the big hammer around.

He could only try his luck now. If he hit a node of the formation, he might still have a chance of survival!

Besides, there was no need to hold back anymore. If they couldn’t escape from this illusory formation, what was the point of leaving so much vital Qi?

Xia ruofei did not say anything more. He just quietly watched Luo Qingfeng’s meaningless attempt.

What happened next was a nightmare for Luo Qingfeng.

No matter how he tried, he could not break the illusion. Not only that, but what drove him crazy was that the blue travel immortal sword that Xia ruofei was controlling would often appear in his blind spot without a sound and then suddenly accelerate to stab him without any warning.

This method was a bit cheap, but the effect was surprisingly good. Qingfeng Luo did not have such a fast reaction speed. In a short time, he had six or seven wounds on his body. His clothes were also stained red with blood, and he looked like a bloody gourd.

Of course, Xia ruofei did not want to kill Luo Qingfeng so easily. After all, the best outcome would be to use the soul seal to control Luo Qingfeng. Otherwise, if Luo Qingfeng went missing, the star Seizer sect would definitely notice that something was wrong, because Luo Qingfeng had gone out with Zheng Yongshou. Although Luo Qingfeng claimed that he was in seclusion, Zheng Yongshou had also disappeared at the same time. Once the investigation was carried out, it would naturally lead to the stars Corporation controlled by Wang Boshan.

If he could use the soul seal to control Luo Qingfeng, everything would be normal. Furthermore, Xia ruofei would be indirectly controlling a cultivation sect.

Therefore, Xia ruofei’s attacks did not target Luo Qingfeng’s vital parts. Luo Qingfeng’s injuries were mostly superficial. He had lost a lot of blood, and his clothes were covered in blood. It looked scary, but it was not fatal.

Another sword came, leaving a bloody wound on Luo Qingfeng’s right arm. Luo Qingfeng felt like his spirit was about to collapse.

At the same time, he had used up more than half of the yuan Qi in his dantian by smashing his body with all his might. Even the cyclone of his embryonic golden core had become a little thin.

Luo Qingfeng was gasping for air. He ran and dodged in vain in this illusion, and his heart had already sunk to the bottom.

He knew that he was doomed today.

Xia ruofei controlled the array and the blue travel immortal sword to launch countless sneak attacks on Luo Qingfeng like a cat catching a mouse. The whole process lasted for more than an hour and successfully tortured Luo Qingfeng’s body and mind to the limit.

It was impossible for Qingfeng Luo to be on high alert all the time. He was like a rubber band. If he kept it tight, it would eventually lose its elasticity. If he was too tight, it might even break.

Just as his mind was a little careless, the blue travel immortal sword once again appeared silently on his left side. Then, it accelerated to the extreme and slashed toward his neck.

By the time Luo Qingfeng came back to his senses, the blue travel immortal sword was already very close to him, and it was too late for him to Dodge.

Luo Qingfeng could not help but close his eyes in despair, waiting for the final moment to arrive.

He could even feel the cold sensation of the sharp edge of the flying sword touching his neck.

After waiting for a while, Luo Qingfeng did not feel any pain. He could not help but open his eyes.

It was only then that Luo Qingfeng realized that the blue travel immortal sword had stopped when it touched his neck. It was now floating behind him with the blade pressed against his carotid artery.

Luo Qingfeng was so scared that he did not dare to move.

Then, he saw Xia ruofei smiling as he appeared five to six meters away from him.

Xia ruofei’s smile was very gentle, but to Luo Qingfeng, it was like a demon’s smile. It made his hair stand on end.

Today, Luo Qingfeng had been completely defeated. He was an early – Stage golden core cultivator, but he could not even fight back against a young man who had just completed the foundation establishment stage. It was really embarrassing. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Xia ruofei had a faint smile on his face.”Luo Qingfeng, how do you feel now?”

Luo Qingfeng snorted and closed his eyes. Then he said,””Winner takes all, I have nothing to say! I only hope that you can give me a quick death!”

Luo Qingfeng had no intention of running away. No matter how fast he was, he could not be faster than a thought. Now, Xia ruofei only needed a thought, and the blue travel immortal sword could easily cut off his head.

Moreover, he was physically and mentally exhausted and had no more strength to escape.

Out of careful consideration, Xia ruofei still maintained a relatively safe distance from Luo Qingfeng.

He stood in place and said with a smile,””Do you want to die so badly? You’ve cultivated for over a hundred years to get to where you are today. Don’t you have any feelings for this world?”