Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

2758 Comrades gather (1)

Without much effort, Xia ruofei taught Li Yifu how to use the simplified formation disk.

In fact, it only required a few simple mental power techniques to control this disk array. It was not very difficult for cultivators.

However, Li Yifu’s spiritual power cultivation was not very high, so he had some difficulties in mastering it. However, with Xia ruofei’s guidance, he mastered it very quickly.

When Xia ruofei was making this simplified version of the array board, he had added some preventive measures. It required a specific spiritual power Technique to open it, similar to a ‘spiritual power password’.

Even if other cultivators obtained this disk array, they would not be able to use it normally.

Among the spiritual power techniques that Li Yifu had learned, the most important thing, in addition to the normal simple control of the array, was to activate this simplified version of the array board. Only by mastering these two steps could he use it to control the Taixu xuanqing formation.

Of course, this kind of control was only a relatively simple operation.

After all, Li Yifu had just started learning the array Dao, and he knew almost nothing about the principles. He knew how it was, but he didn’t know why it was. No matter how much Xia ruofei taught him, he could only master it.

Moreover, Xia ruofei had left a loophole that only he knew on the simplified array board. This way, even if Li Yifu had any other thoughts, Xia ruofei could take back control of the array immediately. Even if he was outside the range of the array, he would not be affected.

Of course, the probability of such a thing happening was extremely low. Xia ruofei did this because he was used to dealing with it carefully and taking precautions. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

After Li Yifu obtained the simplified version of the array board, he was also overjoyed. He was especially excited after he successfully tried to mobilize the array. He felt that he was finally not completely useless and could more or less share the burden of his grand uncle – Master.

After seeing that he had mastered the use of the simplified formation disk, Xia ruofei let him go back to his work.

At the same time, Xia ruofei also told Li Yifu to only keep the spiritual gathering function of the formation until the Forbidden Zone was built to avoid any accidents. In addition, the array disc had to be carried with him at all times. Once a cultivator invaded, he had to activate the defense at the first moment.

Naturally, Li Yifu nodded his head in agreement. He also kept this matter in mind and did not dare to neglect it for even a moment.

Xia ruofei stayed on peach source Island for another day.

Bainilatti quickly recruited some local people from the surrounding islands to work. Li Yifu meticulously followed the drawings that Xia ruofei gave him and began to organize workers to pull up barbed wires and hang warning signs around the designated restricted area. Zheng Yongshou also actively assisted.

Xia ruofei saw that they had completed their work in an orderly manner and was very relieved. The next morning, he took his Gulfstream G650 commercial plane and left Paradise Island.

Before he left, Xia ruofei went to the shelter in the mountain at night and put back the food and supplies that he had stored in the origin space. He had stored all the supplies in the origin space in preparation for the worst case scenario. This way, even if something happened, he could only hide in the spirit map space and use the supplies to last for a long time.

After the plane took off, it quickly entered cruise mode.

Xia ruofei went into the room at the back of the cabin. After locking the door, he took out the crystals and started to cultivate.

This period of time was the critical stage of transforming genuine Qi into vitality. Whenever Xia ruofei had the time, he would seize the opportunity to cultivate, hoping to complete this accumulation process as soon as possible.

This was also because he could not help but be tempted after seeing the combat power of Luo Qingfeng, an early – Stage golden core cultivator. Not to mention anything else, just being able to ride a flying sword was enough to make Xia ruofei envious.

Although Xia ruofei’s spiritual power had long reached the spirit gathering realm and it was not a big problem for him to control the flying sword, he could barely manage to fly on it. However, the purity of his genuine Qi was far from his Yuan Qi. It was not enough for him to support a long distance flight.

It just so happened that there was no bottleneck in the transformation process. It was completed smoothly from the beginning to the end. It was just the accumulation of time. Naturally, Xia ruofei was very motivated to cultivate.

He did not even come out of the back cabin when the plane stopped in rainboas for refueling.

The back cabin was equipped with a seat with a seatbelt and a seatbelt light as well. Hence, the flight attendant did not dare to disturb Xia ruofei when he did not come out of the room. The Gulfstream G650’s take – off and landing were relatively stable. Even if Xia ruofei really fell asleep in bed, there would not be any major problems under normal circumstances.

Naturally, Xia ruofei would not put on the seat belt when the plane was descending. With his current cultivation, even if the plane encountered strong turbulence in the clear sky, he could still easily stabilize his body.

Hence, Xia ruofei spent the entire journey in cultivation.

After more than ten hours of cultivation, about 20% of the true Qi in his body had been converted into Yuan Qi.

If Luo Qingfeng knew about this, he would definitely be shocked. Back then, he had spent three years to complete the transformation of genuine Qi into vital Qi. Compared to Xia ruofei’s cultivation speed, his speed was like a snail’s crawl.

Xia ruofei only walked out of the room in the back cabin after the plane landed smoothly at the Changping International Airport in San Shan.

The return trip was very smooth, and the airflow on the route was also very stable. There were basically no bumps along the way.

This time, it was a three – man flight crew. Li Yifu had transferred another pilot from his airline company in the United States. This pilot was called Zhou Zheng. He had been waiting for Xia ruofei and the others to meet up on peach source Island before they arrived. Zhou Zheng was originally flying the Gulfstream G650, and he was also a senior captain with very Advanced Piloting skills. Therefore, on the return trip, he directly joined the work of the cockpit.

The three of them took turns to rest. After flying for more than ten hours, it was naturally much easier than Liu An and his crew.

Xia ruofei had asked Liu An to arrange for Zhou Zheng’s accommodation and food. The crew had booked a long – term room in a hotel near the Changping International Airport. This time, they only needed to book an extra room.

Xia ruofei dragged his luggage out of the business terminal of the airport and saw Lei Hu, who had been informed in advance, waiting there.

When he saw Xia ruofei coming out from afar, Lei Hu quickly went up to him and called out,””Brother Xia!”

Lei Hu immediately took Xia ruofei’s small suitcase. As Xia ruofei walked to the parking lot, he asked,””How many of my comrades are here?”

Although Xia ruofei did not return to the three mountains, he had already called Lei Hu to make arrangements for the Veterans of lone wolf. Lei Hu was fully in charge of the reception this time.

Lei Hu did not even think before he replied,”Brother Xia, there are more than 30 people who have settled in the Peach Blossom Farm now, and there seem to be a few cadres among them ...”

Xia ruofei nodded. He knew that the officers must be the old company commander ma su and the others. He didn’t expect them to move so quickly. They had already completed the defense in such a short time and had asked Wolf King Guo Zhan to give them special permission to come over and help.

“Oh right, there seems to be another group of people arriving today,” Lei Hu added.”They came by high – speed rail. I’ve already arranged for other brothers to pick them up at the station.”

“A batch?” Xia ruofei was stunned and asked subconsciously.

“Yes! He said there were more than twenty people. ” Lei Hu said,”I have already cleared out the rooms in advance. They can move in as soon as they arrive! By the way, this group of people shouldn’t be your old Army’s veterans, because the person who contacted me was old Xu!”

Hearing this, Xia ruofei suddenly realized that these should be the comrades that Xu You had just found.

When Xia ruofei first brought Xu Yougang back from Australia, he asked him to help contact some comrades who were willing to work on Peach Blossom Island. Now it seemed that the effect of his work was quite significant. He managed to get more than 20 people to work on Peach Blossom Island.

After hearing Lei Hu’s words, Xia ruofei could not wait any longer. He said,””Go! Let’s go directly to Taoyuan farm!”