Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

2792 A dream start (1)

Chapter 1523: the first Prince!

After Xia ruofei received the ball, Barcelona’s arrow, zuyares, was also running to the Espanyol’s backfield. He did not come over to interfere with Xia ruofei.

Hence, Xia ruofei took two steps forward, and Busquets came in front of him. He did not rush to grab it, but instead blocked his position. On his other side, lakitic was also very skilled in approaching Barcelona to close in on them. They had basically blocked Xia ruofei’s forward pass route.

Xia ruofei’s mind raced, and he took another step forward.

Busquets was slightly delighted. Xia ruofei’s kick was a little too big. Although the ball was closer to Xia ruofei, the football was moving in Busquets ‘direction. In this way, the ball was actually in a 50 – 50 situation.

Busquets made the decision to grab the ball in an instant. He kicked his feet and rushed toward the football.

However, Xia ruofei’s speed seemed to have increased in an instant. The distance between him and the ball was rapidly closing and he managed to control the ball before Busquets could.

At this time, Busquets ‘speed had already increased. Xia ruofei nimbly pushed him forward and easily brushed past him.

Under the effect of inertia, Busquets could only watch as Xia ruofei passed him.

Bar?a’s rear defensive line was slightly out of touch, and now there was a wide expanse of flat land in front of Xia ruofei.

However, he did not continue to dribble the ball to tease Wu Lei as he was cutting forward at high speed. If Xia ruofei continued to dribble, Wu Lei would be in an offside position.

Hence, after Xia ruofei passed Busquets, he decisively swung his leg and sent out a long pass.

Xia ruofei’s leg swing was not big, but it was strong.

The football streaked across a beautiful white trajectory and fell to bar?a’s backfield.

The moment Xia ruofei made his move, Wu Lei had just crossed bar?a’s defensive line and was in a perfect anti – offside position!

Many bar?a fans had not yet switched their thoughts to the game. Some people were still eating the popcorn they had bought in the stadium while talking loudly.

By the time they reacted, they had already seen a blue figure leap out from behind the back like a cheetah and rush at high speed in the direction of the football’s landing point.

The bar?a fans suddenly had goosebumps and immediately booed loudly. The entire Stadium was filled with the boos of the fans.

Xia ruofei’s pass was a little too powerful, so the ball was very fast. However, the drop point was very accurate. It was just five or six meters in front of Wu Lei. This distance allowed Wu Lei to fully utilize his speed advantage.

Although the speed of the ball was fast, the ball did not move forward when it landed. After Wu Lei sped up, he took advantage of the situation and kicked forward, forming an absolute opportunity for a single knife.

However, the position was slightly off. The center forward was Iglesia – Wu Lei’s position was on the side, and Xia ruofei could not pass the ball too close to the middle.

Seeing this, Barcelona’s goalkeeper, terstegan, did not hesitate to abandon the goal and rush out in the direction of the football. At the same time, he opened his hands and tried to expand the defensive area.

The ball was a little off the mark, and the goalkeeper on the other side attacked decisively, so Wu Lei’s shooting space was a little small.

Behind him, pique and longrai, the two Center – backs, were giving chase. At the same time, the Spanish center – forward, iglasias, and Xia ruofei, who had passed the ball, were also cutting into bar?a’s backfield at high speed.

Wu Lei knew that he could not hesitate. Otherwise, he would either completely lose the angle of the shot, or the bar?a full – back would catch up behind him and destroy the ball.

So, he looked up to observe as he chased after the football.

After catching up with the football, Wu Lei did not hesitate to aim at the far corner and give a push shot. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

He used a foot bow in the hope of ensuring the accuracy of his shot as much as possible.

It was a ground ball, and the football rolled straight toward the far corner of the goal.

Bar?a’s tall goalkeeper, telstergen, quickly got off the ground, stretched his body as much as possible, and reached out to intercept the ball.

However, the angle of Wu Lei’s shot was very wide, and the speed at which telstergen got off the ground was slightly slow, so by the time he pounced over, the football had already passed his ten fingers.

As terstegan fell to the ground, he looked up at the goal behind him. At this time, he had no other choice but to pray that the goal would not be scored.

However, Wu Lei’s control of the ball was very precise. After the football hit the far corner of the goal post, it did not bounce back, but was deflected into the goal.

When the football bounced and stopped in the net, the time shown on the scoreboard was only 23 seconds!

There was a strange silence in the stadium. Everyone was stunned by the unexpected scene. The fans even felt like they were having a nightmare.

It was not until Wu Lei roared crazily at the sky and then turned to Xia ruofei, who had given him a nanny – like assist, that the bar?a fans reacted. They hissed desperately to express their dissatisfaction.

In the front field, Messi had his hands on his waist and his eyes were a little confused.

He could not understand what was going on at all. The game had only been going for 23 seconds, and he had just run to the Espanyol’s backfield. As a result, when he turned around, he saw Wu Lei shoot the ball accurately into the net from a wonderful angle.

He was falling behind? Messi frowned and thought.

Bar?a had always looked down on Espanyol. Although the Catalan derby was always explosive, in fact, bar?a still won most of the games. After all, there was still a big gap between the two teams in terms of absolute strength.