Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

2796 Awe – inspiring everywhere (1)

When the football rolled over the goal line, the entire field was dead silent.

All of the bar?a fans could not believe their eyes. Some of them even pinched their thighs hard to see if they were having a nightmare.

This gave the opponent a 2 – 0 lead? Moreover, after the other side intercepted, he dribbled the ball from the backfield all the way to the penalty area and went past all the players who could pass, even the goalkeeper. Then, he easily pushed open the empty goal. When did bar?a’s rear defensive line become like paper?

The bar?a players could not accept the reality at all. Many of them were dumbfounded, while Messi stood near the center circle with his hands on his hips and looked up at the roof of the field with a confused look.

He did not continue to chase after Xia ruofei when he reached the center circle. One reason was that Xia ruofei’s dribbling speed was extremely fast. He was pulled further and further away by Xia ruofei when he had no ball, so there was no point in chasing. The second reason was that he saw that his defensive players had quickly formed an encirclement and thought that the ball would definitely not be a threat. After all, the Spanish team did not have any players who could receive Xia ruofei in time.

However, Messi had witnessed Xia ruofei’s crazy performance. When Xia ruofei passed telstergen, Messi knew that the goal was definitely out of the question. Sure enough, although Xia ruofei did not choose to immediately lift his leg at the zero – degree angle, he still easily passed the last defender, Alba. Then, he pushed the shot into the empty goal and succeeded. There was no change in receiving it.

In stark contrast to the bar?a players, the Spanish players and coaches were ecstatic.

The players on the bench swarmed up and rushed towards Xia ruofei, who had run to the side of the field and was calmly waving in the direction of the VIP box to celebrate after the goal. He was suddenly drowned in the crowd.

Manager Ruby’s eyes were wide open at first, as if he couldn’t believe what he had seen. Then he ran in front of the substitutes ‘bench to celebrate.

The Spanish players on the field also wildly celebrated the beautiful goal that was enough to be selected for the puskash prize.

In comparison, Xia ruofei was the calmest. He grinned and jogged to the corner flag area. He waved in the direction of the private room as a greeting to Song Wei and Ling Qingxue.

Immediately after, he was drowned by his own players.

The commentator who was broadcasting the game was also completely excited.

This battle was the focus of attention, and it was being broadcasted by many television stations around the world.

When Xia ruofei had just intercepted Messi, everyone had only gasped in surprise. However, when he passed the next Dragon, the commentators ’emotions gradually rose. When Xia ruofei passed Barcelona’s goalkeeper, telstergen, most of the commentators’ voices were a little hoarse.

When Xia ruofei finally scored the goal, the commentators finally exploded with their strongest emotions. For a moment, the words “the ball went in” rang out in various languages on television in different parts of the world.

It was followed by a series of compliments.

In the capital of China, in the live streaming room of PP sports, Shen fangjian and Jia Tianning were also shocked by the goal.

“Messi and cutinho’s wall – hitting combination! Messi has broken into the penalty area and the ball is in danger!” Shen fangjian said in a hurry,”defending against Messi is ... Xia ruofei ... A beautiful tackle! Xia ruofei didn’t get swayed at all and snatched the ball away cleanly!”

Shen fangjian stared at the big screen and continued, “Artil’s defense is in place, beautiful! Xia ruofei swung his ox tail past artil. He kicked the ball forward, and the ball seemed to be a little too big ... No! Xia ruofei’s speed was extremely fast! Lakitic and Busquets ‘closed – door defense could not stop Xia ruofei. He had broken through! Right now, there’s nothing but flat land in front of him!”

After Shen fangjian said so much, he couldn’t help but take a deep breath and immediately said,”Xia ruofei has already brought the ball to the front field! Bar?a’s full – back, semeidone, has been brought in to this position! Woah! A beautiful person had passed the ball! Semedo tried to stop Xia ruofei with a tactical foul, but he couldn’t even touch the corner of his shirt!”

“Xia ruofei has entered the Forbidden Zone! The goalkeeper, telstergen, attacked! Xia ruofei had bypassed the goalkeeper! There’s an empty door!” Shen fangjian couldn’t help but shout,”Xia ruofei has taken two steps back. The Barcelona defender, artil, has arrived!” He directly used the shovel! Ha! Xia ruofei used a Marseille turn and directly threw artil into the goal! Open the door! The ball went in! The ball went in! An unbelievable goal!”

“That was a beautiful goal!” Jia Tianning was also extremely excited,”a Super Dragon! Xia ruofei has cleared all the opportunities in Barcelona!”

“Let’s watch the replay!” Shen fangjian said,”Xia ruofei successfully intercepted in their own restricted area. Then, he pushed his way through and finally hit an empty goal. After Xia ruofei’s speed increased, he was really unstoppable! This goal is comparable to a Dragon from Maradona and Ronaldo!”

“It’s definitely a goal to pay tribute to a senior. It will definitely become a classic many years later!” Jia Tianning said excitedly,”I counted again just now. From Messi to artil, lakitic, Busquets, then to Semedo, pique, telstergen, and finally, Alba, Xia ruofei’s goal bypassed a total of eight people from Barcelona! He completely broke through bar?a from the front to the backfield!”

“The fans who stay up late to watch the game tonight are blessed!” Shen fangjian said emotionally,”once upon a time, it was a dream for us Chinese fans to even see our own country’s players in the top games. But tonight, two Chinese players joined forces to give us two wonderful goals. Wu Lei’s flash plays were also very beautiful, and Xia ruofei’s Super Dragon is even more so. It’s simply soul – stirring! I’m still trembling with excitement!”

“I just thought of pique’s pre – Match interview ...” Jia Tianning said with a smile,”I wonder if his face hurts now!”

Jia Tianning’s words resonated strongly with the Chinese fans. Many people climbed over the wall and left comments on piker’s Facebook. All of them had the same content: “See through your skin, does your face hurt?”

The message was also written in Chinese, Spanish, and English, and the content was the same.

Pique was still immersed in the frustration of conceding a goal. No one knew how he would feel when he saw his own social media comments section after the game.

In the away team’s box in nokapu’s grandstand, everyone could not help but stand up when Xia ruofei ran past people. When Xia ruofei finally sent the ball into an empty goal, the room burst into loud cheers.

Ling Qingxue and Song Wei hugged each other, laughing and jumping. Zhou leiyun and the full – time Vice President of the Chinese Football Association, Zhao Zhenghao, also clenched their fists and cheered. Then, the two of them shook hands tightly, their excitement overflowing in their words.

“Xia ruofei’s personal ability is too strong!” Zhao Zhenghao exclaimed.

“Vice President Zhao, President Xia’s ability is beyond doubt!” Zhou leiyun smiled and said,”if he can play for the country, then the national football team’s offensive power and control of the midfield will definitely be raised by several levels!”

“I hope this meeting will go well!” Zhao Zhenghao nodded. General manager Zhou, you didn’t tell Xia ruofei that I’m Spain, did you?”

“I didn’t tell him about this in order not to affect the game.” Zhou leiyun said,”I’ll make the necessary arrangements after the competition. I wish you a smooth meeting!”

“Hahaha! I’ll take your blessings!” Zhao Zhenghao said happily.

On the internet, after Xia ruofei and Wu Lei had each scored a goal in the game against Barcelona, the fans had already begun to celebrate.

Xia ruofei and Wu Lei’s names were quickly pushed to the hot search.

……

On the court, Xia ruofei returned to his own half, surrounded by his teammates.

The bar?a fans in the stands finally came back to their senses. It had only been about ten minutes since the game started, and bar?a was already two goals behind. This ball was not going to be easy to play!

The bar?a fans reacted and began to boo loudly.

At this time, bar?a had already resumed their game. Xia ruofei was still active behind iglasias and often participated in the defense of the team’s midfield.

Now, when facing Xia ruofei, the bar?a players did not dare to be careless at all. They rarely tried to break through Xia ruofei’s defense. Once Xia Rufei’s defense was in place and there was a point to pass the ball, they would pass it out immediately. Even if they could not find a point to pass the ball, they would choose to return it immediately.

As a result, Xia ruofei often could not touch the ball.

Even so, every time Xia ruofei approached the bar?a players, loud boos would ring from the stands. The game had only been going for ten minutes, and bar?a was already two goals behind. If anyone had predicted this before the game, they would have been seen as crazy. The two goals were all related to Xia ruofei, especially the second one. It was a display of Xia ruofei’s ability.

Espanyol’s morale was greatly boosted, but unfortunately, they were much worse than bar?a in terms of strength. Bar?a’s layered offensive routine made the Espanyol’s rear defensive line nervous.

Unconsciously, Barcelona’s offensive means became sharper and sharper, and the Spanish team’s formation was naturally affected. Intuitively, the three lines were about to meet.

This was the most dangerous moment.

Ruby, who was on the sidelines, also woke up from the joy of Xia ruofei’s goal. He saw the precarious situation on the field and could not help but frown.

In the face of Barcelona’s pressing in the front field, they still wanted to turn the ball around. They would rather pass it back to the goalkeeper than make a Big Shot.

A fatal mistake finally appeared. Under the systematic pressure of bar?a, when Spain’s Mark loca passed the horizontal pass to Naldo about fifteen meters in front of the penalty area, he made a mistake and used less strength.

Zuyares, who had been waiting for a long time, was like a cat that had smelled fish. He suddenly jumped out from behind Naldo and intercepted the ball.

He did not hesitate to send a straight pass diagonally forward. Messi’s short and agile figure appeared on the path of the pass.

...

Single blade!

In the face of such an opportunity, how could Messi miss it?

He looked at Diego Lopez, who had attacked decisively, and deftly picked up the ball.

It was a flick shot!

Halfway through his attack, Diego Lopez quickly jumped high in the hope of taking the ball. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

However, Messi’s footwork was very accurate and Diego Lopez was also out of reach.

The football drew a perfect arc from the top of Diego Lopez’s head and steadily fell into the Spanish goal.