Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

2800 An arrow at the end of its flight (1)

Coutinho’s pass was too well – hidden, and he did not look back at his teammates ‘positions at all. He relied on the tacit understanding he had developed during training matches to know that zuárez would appear in that position without even looking.

The position of zuáres ‘shot was almost on the line of the small penalty area. Such a powerful volley at such a close distance and the speed of the football were extremely fast. The Spanish goalkeeper, Diego Lopes, did not have any reaction at all. He did not even have time to symbolically wave his hand. He only had time to turn his head and take a look. The football had already flown into the goal like a flash of lightning.

The bar?a fans, who had already begun to calm down, suddenly burst into loud cheers, and the fighting spirit of the cheering song “Jaso Campion” suddenly resounded throughout Camp Nou.

After zujarís scored, he revealed his signature front teeth and rushed towards cutinho to hug him tightly.

Messi did not participate in the attack the entire time. In addition, even though zuáres scored the goal, bar?a was still two – three behind by one goal. It was far from the time to celebrate.

Therefore, Messi rushed straight into the goal, grabbed the ball tightly in front of Diego Lopes, and then ran toward the center circle.

There were only 15 minutes left in the game, and there were at least 17 or 18 minutes left including the injury stoppage time, while bar?a was only one goal behind.

Bar?a’s fans and players were reinvigorated, while the Spaniards suddenly became a lot more nervous because they only had a one – goal lead.

According to the big data analysis, the 75th to 80th minute of the game was the peak period for scoring goals.

It was mainly because many players were physically weak and were basically exhausted at this point in time. Whether it was defense, passing, receiving, or shooting at the end, it was easy to have simultaneous technical movements.

Ruby shouted on the sidelines to the players on the field to get their spirits up and focus on the defense, but the Spaniards ‘physical fitness had reached its limit. After all, they had been defending most of the game. As the defensive side, they had to pay more physical energy than the offensive side.

Xia ruofei and Wu Lei retreated frequently to join the defense.

It could be said that besides the goalkeeper Diego Lopez, only Xia ruofei and Wu Lei were still in good shape among the Spanish players. The rest of them were already showing signs of fatigue.

As a cultivator who was about to enter the Golden core stage, Xia ruofei would not have any physical problems playing a football game in the secular world. Wu Lei had been practicing the body – tempering movements of the little golden man that Xia ruofei had taught him, and his physical fitness had been greatly strengthened. When he had just joined the team, his physical fitness had been poor and he had not been able to last the whole game. Now, he had become one of the few people with the best physical fitness in the team.

However, even though Xia ruofei and Wu Lei were running with all their might, soccer was a team sport and they could only play a limited role.

In such a situation, Xia ruofei would have to disregard his sportsmanship and use his true energy to secretly attack the bar?a players who had physical contact with him. It could be said that if Xia ruofei did so, there would be no trace of it, and no one would find out. It would be easy to stop the bar?a players from continuing to play.

However, Xia ruofei would definitely not do that. He was not even willing to use his true energy or body movements to improve his strength in the competition. How could he do such a despicable thing?

After all, as a cultivator, Xia ruofei had his own bottom line and dignity. Using his spiritual power to observe the situation was already his bottom line. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Therefore, when the game entered the final stage, the Spanish team’s situation became more and more passive.

On one side, bar?a’s morale was greatly boosted after they caught up to the point that they were only one point away. They launched a fierce attack on the Spanish goal. On the other side, the Spanish players were a little confused. Coupled with their physical bottlenecks, they could only be exhausted by bar?a’s fierce attacks.

For a time, the Espanyol’s three lines were pressed flat, and the goalkeeper, Diego Lopez, became the busiest man on the field. If not for his high block, the score might have been rewritten again.

Many of the fans who came to nocape to cheer for Espanyol did not dare to watch because it looked like Espanyol was going to concede the ball in the next second. Every touch of the ball and every shot by bar?a scared the Espanyol fans.

With the situation being so passive, there was naturally no way to fight back. Basically, the football would return to the feet of the bar?a players before it could even cross half the field.

However, just as Ruby said during the halftime interval, when facing bar?a, it was impossible to blindly defend. It was only a matter of time before they conceded the goal.

PP sports’s commentator, Shen fangjian, also said worriedly,””The Espanyol’s situation is precarious. At this time, someone needs to step up and save the team. If bar?a scores another goal during this time, the good situation for Espanyol will be ruined!”

Shen fangjian’s voice had not yet fallen when the Spanish backfield made another mistake under the high pressure of bar?a.

This time, it was the center back Naldo who made the mistake.

Bar?a developed their offense on the side this time. When the football came near the end line, lakitic, who controlled the ball, acted out of the norm and directly crossed the ball to support bar?a. They were a team that paid attention to pass control. They rarely used this style of play in the bottom end. Even when they reached the end line, most of them would return the ball and reorganize it. Most of the time, they chose to penetrate through the middle.