Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

2803 Holding the whistle (2)

Naldo walked back to the technical area, lowered his head, and said, “I’m sorry, coach ...”

Manager Ruby patted him on the shoulder and said,””No, this isn’t your fault! Go back and have a good rest!”

After that, Ruby turned his gaze to the pitch. Although Naldo blocked suyass ‘sure – goal with a red card, the crisis of Spain was not resolved because bar?a had at least received a free kick in an excellent position.

For free kicks more than 20 meters away from the goal, some experts had a high scoring rate. At least Ruby knew that if Xia ruofei were to make a free kick from that position, he would basically be able to get every one of them right. Meanwhile, Barcelona’s Messi was also very good at free kicks.

The assistant manager came over and put a down jacket on Naldo. He put an arm around his shoulder and walked out of the field. Although the game was about to end, Naldo had been sent off with a red card. According to the rules, he had to leave the field. It was also against the rules to stay on the bench.

The Spaniards clearly did not want to give people false information at the last minute of the game. ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

Naldo did not return to the locker room. He stood at the entrance of the players ‘passageway and looked at the field.

There were more than two minutes left in the game. Naldo’s greatest concern was whether the team could keep one point. How could he go back to the locker room to shower and change his clothes with peace of mind at this time?

On the court.

Messi had carefully placed the football at the free – throw point designated by the referee; On the other hand, the Spaniards were seriously building a human wall under the command of the goalkeeper, Diego Lopez.

Xia ruofei did not participate in the construction of the human wall. He and Wu Lei did not even enter the penalty area. Instead, they stood at the front, waiting for a chance to counterattack.

The tall and big iglysias, on the other hand, was arranged to join the human wall.

The ball was still a little closer to the goal. If the taller players were lined up in the human wall, it would be a lot more difficult for the other team’s free throw players.

After Messi set up the ball, he took a few steps back and stood still, looking at the referee.

The referee looked at the Spanish goalkeeper and the human wall they had set up before blowing the whistle to signal that Messi could kick off.

Messi looked up at the upper left corner of the Spanish goal and took a deep breath.

In fact, he was also under a lot of pressure. After all, the game had entered the final second – counting stage. Whether he could score this goal or not would directly determine the final result of the whole game.

However, Messi had been Barcelona’s number one player for many years and had always been the team’s number one penalty shot and free kick player, so his psychological quality was absolutely strong. After a slight adjustment, he ran forward steadily, and then his thighs drove his calves to exert force and kicked the football heavily.

Messi’s free – kick had a strong spin. After crossing the highest point of the Spanish human wall, it quickly flew to the right corner of the goal.

He deliberately glanced at the upper left corner of the goal during the free throw in the hope of misleading the Spanish goalkeeper, Diego Lopez.

As long as Diego Lopez moved a little earlier, it would be difficult for him to save in the opposite direction after losing his center of gravity.

As long as the penalty was within the goalkeeper’s range, the probability of the ball scoring was very high.

In fact, the moment he made the kick, Messi felt that the ball should have been there.

However, the experienced goalkeeper, Diego Lopez, did not fall for it.

His position was very stable, his feet firmly stuck in the goal line, and he did not move in advance. Instead, he waited for Messi to kick and the football flew over before he decisively flew to the right.

The quality of Messi’s free throw was very high. It went straight to the dead end on the right side of the goal. Although Diego Lopez did not fall for it, it was not easy to pounce on the ball.

Diego Lopez stretched out his body as much as possible and leaped into the air.

In the end, Diego Lopez’s fingertips only touched the football.

Although the football’s trajectory was quite tricky, it was exactly this touch that Diego Lopez used all his strength to make a slight change in the football’s trajectory.

Originally, the ball was supposed to go straight into the dead end of the goal, but after being touched by Diego Lopez, the trajectory of the football deviated a little bit, which eventually led to the ball hitting the position between the crossbar and the pillar.

With a bang, the football quickly rebounded back into the penalty area.

The Spanish players, who had been very focused, immediately surrounded the ball to press for it.

The bar?a players who were lying in ambush in the penalty area also rushed in the direction of the football’s drop point.

In the end, it was still mark Rocca who grabbed the first drop point. He lifted the ball and headed it outside the penalty area.

Messi immediately rushed up after the free kick and the ball happened to fall at his feet.

He did not hesitate and swung his leg for a long shot.

Messi was well aware that there was not much time left in the game. If he wanted to turn the one point he had painstakingly gotten into three points, he had to seize all opportunities to shoot.

However, perhaps it was because of his physical strength, Messi’s shot did not have much force, and the angle was not as good as the set piece just now.

Diego Lopes easily held the football in his arms.

Originally, Diego Lopez had been prepared to pounce on the ball and press it down.

Because there wasn’t much time left in the game, Diego Lopez knew that he had to do everything he could to delay the match for a few seconds.

However, when he saw Xia ruofei and Wu Lei moving forward at high speed, he immediately changed his mind.

He rolled to his feet and with a mid – distance pass, he accurately found Xia ruofei, who was receiving him from a distance.

Xia ruofei stopped the ball with his chest and the ball landed in front of him.

At this time, the bar?a players who were dragging behind also came over to snatch.

Among them, the fastest was lakitic, who ran at high speed toward the football’s drop point.

Xia ruofei’s back was facing Barcelona’s goal. He could feel that there was someone behind him. Of course, the investigation of his spiritual power also confirmed this.

After Xia ruofei stopped the ball, he took a step forward with his right foot. At the same time, he lowered his shoulder to the right, as if he was going to break through the defense of the bar?a players from the right.

Lakitik leaned close to Xia ruofei. He did not rush to intercept the ball. After all, this was not his specialty.

However, the change in Xia ruofei’s center of gravity was beyond his expectations.

He subconsciously took a step to the right, hoping to continue blocking the position.

However, it was a feint. After his right foot kicked the ball, he immediately pulled it back. Then, he used his left foot to lead the ball behind him. At the same time, he completed a half – turn.

It was a Marseilles ‘spin, but Xia ruofei’s movements were very relaxed, as if he was drawing on the grass. Xia ruofei quickly turned around, and lakitik’s body stiffened because of the change in his center of gravity. He could only watch as Xia ruofei passed him.

After Xia ruofei passed lakitik, he did not even look up. He did not hesitate to make a big kick and pass the ball to Xia ruofei, who was cutting in at a high speed.

...

After that, Xia ruofei immediately sped up and rushed forward.

Xia ruofei’s pass drew a huge arc but was extremely accurate. It landed just two to three meters in front of Wu Lei and there was a slight trend of rebound. Wu Lei only needed to move forward and his speed would not be affected.

Bar?a’s rear defensive line was not complete at this time. When the free – kick attack just happened, several tall defensive players were also ready to grab the second point in the penalty area. The counterattack launched by Spain from the goalkeeper position was extremely fast, and they had no time to return to their positions.

Although the other players quickly covered the defense, Barcelona’s formation was inevitably in a certain chaos.

Wu Lei took the ball and strode forward along the sidelines.

He had wanted to try his best to bring the football to the corner flag area. The game should have been over if he had delayed it a little.

This was also a sign of Wu Lei’s maturity. One must know that he had a “glorious history” in the past. In the final stage of the game, his wave shot was directly counterattacked by the other party, causing the victory that was about to be in his hands to become a draw.

However, Wu Lei immediately changed his mind after he looked up and observed ...