Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

2804 Final kill (1)

From the corner of his eye, Wu Lei saw Xia ruofei quickly cutting in from the middle. At this time, two of bar?a’s defenders had been attracted to the side, and the defense in the middle was a little empty.

Wu Lei did not hesitate. He directly took a curve ball with his right foot and passed the football to his left rear middle position.

He wanted to pass the ball to Xia ruofei, but he had been playing for more than ten minutes and had just run with the ball for more than thirty meters. Even if he had been practicing the body – refining movements of the little golden man all this time, his physical strength was already starting to show signs of weakness.

Therefore, Wu Lei’s pass was a little too wide and it was to the left, which was not in line with Xia ruofei’s running direction.

When Wu Lei made his move, Xia ruofei had already predicted the soccer ball’s approximate landing point. Hence, he stomped his feet and immediately increased his speed by a few notches as he sprinted towards the front left.

At this time, there was only pique in the middle of Barcelona’s rear defensive line. Behind Xia ruofei and on the left, there was another player chasing after him.

Chasing closely behind Xia ruofei was bar?a’s midfielder, lakitic, while on the left, Xia ruofei’s opponent was Robberto.

The ball flew towards the left side of the middle. Originally, Roberto and Xia ruofei were driving side by side, but this gave him an advantage. After all, he was closer to the ball’s landing point.

In addition, lakitik was also following Xia ruofei closely. There was also the defensive general, pique, in the middle to protect him. Logically speaking, this ball should not be too dangerous.

As a result, although the other bar?a players were also returning to defend, many of the attacking players who did not desperately run back to support the front field were still preparing for the last attack.

At this time, there was only about a minute left in the game. If everything went as expected, Xia ruofei should not be able to get the ball. Even if Xia ruofei could barely catch up, it was impossible to break out of the encirclement under the three – man encirclement. Therefore, the attacking players, including zuárez, Messi, and cutinho, were more observing the positions of the Spanish players, hoping that they could stop an efficient attack after pique and the others had snatched the ball.

After all, the Spanish team looked like an arrow at the end of its flight. They were only missing the last straw to break the camel’s back.

On the Spanish team’s side, other than Wu Lei and Xia ruofei, the other players did not immediately launch an offensive formation. Only the center forward, iglysias, was running to the front field. The other players were still defending after the offensive and defensive switch.

After all, the Spaniards still had a disadvantage in terms of players. In addition, everyone’s physical strength was almost exhausted. The referee did not blow the whistle to end the game, so no one dared to take it lightly.

As a result, the situation on the field looked a little strange. Most of the players were still in Spain’s half of the field, and only a few people were actively fighting for the ball.

The football flew in an arc and landed on the turf.

After a quick visual inspection, Robert determined that he should be able to control the football earlier than the opposing players.

However, at that moment, Robert felt as if a gust of wind had blown past him, and then a figure in a blue and white jersey appeared in his field of vision.

The number 25 was printed on this person’s back.

Robert could not help but be stunned. He had clearly been running at full speed! Furthermore, he was much closer to the ball than his opponent. How did the number 25 player suddenly overtake him? Could it be that he ran in a straight line while his opponent ran in a curved line, but he still couldn’t beat his opponent?

After all, robito had been replaced at around the 60th minute, and it had been less than half an hour since then. Xia ruofei, on the other hand, had been playing for more than 90 minutes. Was this No. 25 made of steel to be able to run like this in the final stage of the game? How could he be so energetic?

Robeto was dumbfounded, but he could only give it his all. He did not have time to think, so he gritted his teeth and increased his speed again.

However, he was already running at full speed just now. There was not much room for improvement even if he wanted to speed up. Moreover, the high – speed running made his heart beat faster again. When he took deep breaths, he felt like his lungs were about to explode.

Even so, when Robert realized that the distance between him and Xia ruofei was still widening, he couldn’t help but be shocked.

In fact, lakitik, who was in hot pursuit of Xia ruofei, was just as confused as him.

With just one dash, lakitik was completely left behind by Xia ruofei.

He knew that his players could no longer stop Xia ruofei from controlling the ball, so he decisively turned to the middle. No matter what Xia ruofei did after he got the ball, he could not bypass the middle if he wanted to score.

There was a tacit understanding between the bar?a players. As soon as Robberto saw lakitic turn to the middle to form a joint force with pique, he immediately gritted his teeth and chased after Xia ruofei, hoping to interfere when Xia ruofei took the ball.

It happened too late. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

In the blink of an eye, Xia ruofei rushed to the first drop point of the football. At this time, the ball passed by Wu Lei had just landed on the ground.

However, perhaps it was because he did not control his footwork well, Wu Lei’s pass was also very strange. After the football fell to the ground, there was an obvious front Ridge and it flew to the left side.

Xia ruofei did not have time to think. He stuck his left foot into the grass and raised his right leg high. Just as the football was about to leave his control range, he used his right leg to flick the ball again.

As soon as Xia ruofei stopped, Robert immediately caught up to him.