2805 Final kill (2)

However, with Xia ruofei’s pick, not only did he hook the ball back, but he also swayed robito, who pounced in the opposite direction.

Xia ruofei’s jump had left robito behind.

Then he immediately nudged the football to the right and headed in the direction of the goal.

Lakitic was already in his defensive position, and Roberto quickly adjusted and chased after Xia ruofei. Pique was still waiting for an opportunity from the far end. Xia ruofei was still facing a pincer attack.

Lakitik knew that Xia ruofei’s footwork was very good, so he did not rush to snatch it. Instead, he stared at the football under Xia ruofei’s feet and kept retreating until he retreated into the penalty area. Only then did he stand in position and closely defend against Xia ruofei.

After taking a few steps, Xia ruofei did not choose to enter the restricted area.

He used the outer part of his right foot to lightly nudge and change the direction of the football’s movement, changing it to a direction parallel to the penalty area line.

Lakitik always maintained his position between Xia ruofei and the goal. He insisted on preventing Xia ruofei from breaking into the penalty area and controlled the angle of Xia ruofei’s shot.

Xia ruofei looked at lakitic and pique, who was approaching from not far away. He continued to dribble the ball along the edge of the penalty area to cut inside.

When Xia ruofei was dribbling the ball, his rhythm changed very quickly. Sometimes he accelerated and sometimes he stopped. This kind of dribbling made lakitich very uncomfortable. He also accelerated and slowed down with Xia ruofei. He also needed to make corresponding changes.

Xia ruofei’s change in rhythm was very sudden, and lakitik’s response was not so timely. At this time, pique had not fully assisted in the defense.

Xia ruofei seized the moment when lakitic could not keep up with his rhythm and decisively took advantage of the fleeting gap to shoot.

Xia ruofei’s supporting leg was firmly stuck in the grass. His right leg did not swing too much. Naturally, he did this to complete the shot as soon as possible. However, the strength of his shot was very strong.

With a loud bang, Xia ruofei’s right foot hit the middle part of the ball, bringing up a piece of grass.

The football spun at high speed and flew toward the goal.

Almost at the same time, Barcelona’s goalkeeper, terstegan, also leaped up and pounced in the direction of the football.

When telstergen was in the air, he already had a premonition that if the ball could not be pounced on, there was at least a 90% chance that it would go straight into the goal.

He would stretch his body as far as possible and straighten his slender arms as far as possible. Soon, the football grew rapidly in his field of vision and was in front of his eyes in the blink of an eye.

Terstegan gritted his teeth and shouted after exerting force in his waist and abdomen. He blocked the football. He did not even use the method of punching with a clenched fist. Instead, he tried to straighten his fingers as much as possible, hoping to expand the defensive area.

The next moment, telstergen felt his fingers touch the football, followed by a bang. The football hit the crossbar and bounced back high.

At this time, telstergen’s body fell down under the effect of gravity.

He broke out in a cold sweat and felt a wave of fear.

If he had not used his fingers to change the trajectory of the ball, it was highly likely that it would have hit the lower part of the crossbar and then bounced into the goal.

However, telstergen’s relief only lasted for two seconds. Before he could get up from the ground, he saw a black shadow shoot into the net from the corner of his eye. He did not even have time to make a save.

With a look of disbelief on his face, terstegan turned his head with difficulty to look at the goal, just in time to see the football spinning under the net.

Who am I? Where am I? How did he kick the ball in? Telstergen could not help but ask himself the ultimate question in his heart.

Four to three!

In the last few seconds of the game, the score was rewritten again. The leading side was still Spain, which had a huge gap in strength with Barcelona.

The cheers at the scene all stopped at once. The bar?a fans ‘faces were ashen as they stared at the football that had already entered the goal, unable to recover for a long time.

The Spanish fans in the away stands were the first to react. They first widened their eyes, then let out loud cheers. One by one, they jumped and jumped in the away stands, their excitement beyond words.

This was the first time that Camp Nou could hear the voices of the visiting fans tonight. In the 90 minutes of the game, the voices of the Spanish fans, who were greatly outnumbered, were completely suppressed by the Barcelona fans and could not be heard at all.

Now, the bar?a fans were doubting their lives, and the cheers and singing of the Spanish fans finally reached the ears of the players on the field.

This sound was a great irony for Barcelona and its fans, but for the Spanish fans, it was a great honor. It was equivalent to taking down Camp Nou!

When the Espanyol launched a quick counterattack, there was only about a minute left in the game. Xia ruofei passed the ball, passed the ball, and Wu Lei passed the ball. Xia ruofei dribbled the ball inside and then shot at the goal. The whole process only took about ten to twenty seconds.

After the goal was scored, Barcelona fell behind again, and they only had a few dozen seconds left.

In a basketball game, this period of time could have countless possibilities to affect the outcome of the game. However, on a football field, there was not even enough time to organize an effective attack.

Including the players on the field, all the bar?a players and fans knew in their hearts that the game was over. Bar?a was bound to lose!

Telstegen had not gotten up after he fell to the ground. His line of sight was completely blocked by lakiti ?, so he could not see clearly how the ball had gone in. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

However, the fans in the stadium and the audience watching the television broadcast could see it clearly.

This was also the common reason why the bar?a fans in the stadium did not boo for the first time. Yingying’s goal was so beautiful. As the opponent fans, they could not help but feel heartfelt admiration.

The one who scored was the No. 25 of Espanyol, Xia ruofei.

Xia ruofei’s shot had bounced back after it was blocked by terstegan with all his might.

Xia ruofei, who had just made a shot, did not stop after completing the shot. Instead, he rushed straight into bar?a’s penalty area.

At this moment, the football just bounced back from the crossbar. The ball was high and floating, and it was about to fall in front of the penalty area.

Xia ruofei used his body to lean against Barca’s Center back, Bick. No matter how Bick pushed forward, or even made some small interference moves at Xia ruofei from an angle invisible to the referee, Xia ruofei was not affected at all. He was like a towering mountain in front of Bick. Some of Bick’s interference was like an ant trying to shake a tree, completely ineffective.

However, after the ball bounced back, the speed of the ball was a little slow. At the same time, it was very high. Xia ruofei could not wait for the ball to fall and then think of a way to adjust and control the referee. This way, lakitic and robito would definitely be in place to make up for the defense.

Hence, Xia ruofei did not think twice. When the ball was about to land, he leaned his body against pique and quickly leaned back. His right leg turned like a windmill and hit the flying ball.

With a beautiful upside – down Golden Bell, the football went straight into bar?a’s goal. The goalkeeper, telstergen, did not react at all and just watched Xia ruofei score the goal.

The distance of the hook shot was very far. It was basically on the line of the penalty area, but the quality was extremely high. Xia ruofei’s hook shot touched the ball very accurately, and the football flew almost flat into the upper right corner of the goal. Even if telstergen did not fall to the ground, it would be extremely difficult to pounce on the ball. After all, it was already a dead angle in theory.

What was even more amazing was that Xia ruofei’s goal was not only a good use of footwork, but also a pressure on the top center back, pique. Under the pincer of lakitic and Roberto, he kicked the ball in in such a gorgeous way.

For a player, to be able to score such a goal was something to boast about for the rest of his life!