Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

2807 The picture is too beautiful (2)

” With such a performance, ” Jia Tianning said with a smile, ” if anyone still says that the joining of Chinese players is a business operation, then this person must have serious eye problems. We can suggest that he go to the Ophthalmology Department! ”

The game was not over yet, and the Spanish players and substitutes were still celebrating wildly on the field. The two commentators in the pp Sports Live broadcast room had already combined the slow motion replay of the last goal and began to take stock of the entire game.

In fact, the result could not be changed. Even if Barcelona was known as the cosmic team, it was impossible to complete an effective offensive cooperation and score a goal in just a few dozen seconds in front of the morale-boosted Spanish players.

In fact, the stoppage time had already been exceeded, but because of Xia ruofei’s goal, the Spanish players celebrated for a long time. Considering the care that the referee had given to bar?a in the past, there was at least a minute left for the referee to decide.

However, this was still of no help. The confidence of the Barcelona players had been crushed by Xia ruofei’s shocking Barb. On the other hand, the Spanish team had suddenly become a lot more excited. In addition, the score was in the lead again, and the psychological burden of the players had been thrown away.

Under such circumstances, Barca could not achieve anything in just a minute. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

After the kick-off, there was a mistake in bar?a’s ground coordination, and the football rolled directly out of the sidelines.

On the Spanish side, David Lopez slowly ran to the side of the field. After the referee’s verbal reminder, he quickened his pace a little.

He picked up the football from the ground and aimed at it for a long time. The bar?a fans in the stadium booed loudly before he threw the ball out before the referee’s patience ran out.

The ball was for Xia ruofei.

Xia ruofei tapped the ball lightly and it landed on the ground.

He did not hesitate to take the ball and move quickly along the side. A few of the Barcelona players came over to snatch the ball, but Xia ruofei still firmly controlled the ball under his feet. When these big stars were in front of Xia ruofei, it was as if they had become children who did not know how to play football. They could not snatch the ball no matter how hard they tried.

In the end, lakitik could not help but pull Xia ruofei. Xia ruofei immediately screamed and fell to the ground.

In fact, Xia ruofei was not injured, but lakitik was given a verbal warning by the main judge.

It was another free kick from Espanyol. Although the ball had just crossed the halfway line and should have been sent out quickly under normal circumstances, Xia ruofei did it twice seriously before he took a few steps back and kicked the ball out.

He postured for a long time, but in the end, he did not pass the ball forward. Instead, he passed it to the players in the backfield.

Bar?a had long expected the leading Espanyol to use such a tactic, so they quickly moved forward to press for a high position.

After three passes and two passes, the football returned to the goalkeeper, Diego Lopes.

In the face of bar?a’s Coutinho and zuáres’ joint press, Diego Lopez sent the ball forward with another big kick.

What made the bar?a players’ teeth itch was that this time it was Xia ruofei who controlled the ball again. After protecting the ball, he returned it again.

At this time, the time-up had already exceeded one and a half minutes, and the game time was about to reach 98 minutes.

The referee had wanted to give Barcelona a chance to attack, but the football was almost controlled at the feet of the Spanish team at the last moment. It was difficult for Barcelona to even touch the ball, so how could they equalize the score?

The referee could not make it too obvious, so he could only blow the whistle to end the game with a blank expression.

4-3. This was a game of goals with a small difference in the score. Both sides contributed seven goals together, which made the neutral fans watching the game satisfied.

In the end, it was the Spanish team who had the last laugh.

When the referee blew the whistle to end the game, the bar?a players could not help but show pained expressions. Some even sat on the grass, burying their heads in their jerseys and sobbing softly.

On the other hand, on the Spanish side, when the whistle sounded, the entire substitutes’ bench, including the players and coaches, as well as the manager, Ruby, rushed into the field. They shared the joy of winning with the players on the field as if they were welcoming the triumphant return of heroes.

The RCD Espanyol players high-fived each other, and the camera was always on Xia ruofei. Occasionally, it would switch to Wu Lei and iglasias. All three of them had scored, and Xia ruofei was naturally the protagonist.

After the game, the best player was selected and Xia ruofei won the honor without a doubt.

Originally, at this time, the domestic broadcasting platforms would cut off the live broadcast signal and return to the live broadcast room. The commentators would comment on the game and the guest commentators would analyze the process of the game.

But today, the director was different. He was still broadcasting the live signal from nokapu Stadium.

Shen fangjian and Jia Tianning were naturally more willing to watch the post-match scene.

Shen fangjian said,” we saw Xia ruofei and Wu Lei hugging each other tightly. Their teammates and coaches also came up to high five and hug them!” All of Espanyol are celebrating this hard-won, soul-stirring victory in nokapu!”

“I’ve looked at the technical statistics,”Jia Tianning said,”the performance of our two Chinese players today can be said to be phenomenal! Wu Lei’s pass and shot, whether it was a goal or an assist, were both beautiful! Xia ruofei’s performance was even more eye-catching. One of his two goals came from the backfield after he had passed more than half of the Barcelona team and pushed the empty goal! The other had even managed to put on a great show of a hook kill in the last minute of the game! Other than the two art-like goals, Xia ruofei also assisted Wu Lei once. The other goal by iglesias was actually Xia ruofei’s credit. If it wasn’t for his long pass that accurately found Wu Lei like a crescent moon, there wouldn’t be such a beautiful cooperation later on!”

“Two Chinese players, one scored a goal and an assist; The other one scored two goals and one assist. The players who contributed the most to Spain’s four goals were all players from China!” Shen fangjian exclaimed, ” this scene is simply too beautiful! ”

At that moment, the camera captured an interesting scene. After Messi comforted his two teammates, he went straight to Xia ruofei, covered his mouth, and said a few words to Xia ruofei. Xia ruofei also covered his mouth and chatted with Messi for a while, then they shook hands.

Immediately after, the two men took off their jerseys at the same time and handed them to each other.

After exchanging jerseys, Messi patted Xia ruofei’s shoulder and put on Xia ruofei’s blue and white Spanish team uniform. He then walked over to his disappointed teammates.

Messi, as the captain, naturally had to fulfill his duties at this time.

In fact, bar?a and RCD Espanyol were arch-rivals in the same city and definitely did not see eye to eye with each other. If two ordinary players, one from bar?a and the other from RCD Espanyol, exchanged jerseys after the Derby, they would certainly be sprayed to death by the supporting media of their respective teams.

However, Xia ruofei and Messi did not have such concerns.

Needless to say, Xia ruofei was the biggest contributor to today’s match. He was also the owner of Espanyol. Who dared to say that he was ” aiding the enemy “?

As for Messi, he was the absolute core of bar?a. He was like a god among the bar?a fans. No matter what a God did, he could not be wrong.

And Messi simply admired Xia ruofei’s performance in the game, so he had the idea of exchanging jerseys and put it into action. That was all.

With Messi’s identity, he did not need to worry so much.

Xia ruofei also put on Messi’s number 10 jersey and high-fived his teammates in celebration. He celebrated the great victory without any scruples in nokapu, the Holy Land in the hearts of countless players!