Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

2825 Continuous fermentation_

Even someone as strong as Xia ruofei would not have been able to withstand Luo Qingfeng’s attacks head – on if not for the help of the formation.

Xia ruofei calmly circulated the great Dao technique and felt his own progress.

After cultivating for more than three hours, he finally put away the technique, let out a long breath of turbid air, and then put the origin crystal into the space.

This time, he had converted about half of his true Qi. Now, the true Qi in his body only accounted for about five to six percent. More than ninety percent of his true Qi had been converted into Yuan Qi.

If he cultivated day and night, he might be able to complete the transformation in one or two days.

However, Xia ruofei was not in a rush. He maintained a suitable cultivation intensity so that his body could get used to the difference between genuine Qi and Yuan Qi.

The level of the “great Dao Arts” was too high, so the speed of true energy transformation was far faster than that of ordinary cultivation techniques. This was also the reason why Luo Qingfeng had to spend several years to complete the transformation, while Xia ruofei only needed ten to twenty days.

However, it was not easy for the body to adapt to the changes in the body with such a fast transformation speed. That was why Xia ruofei did not convert all his genuine Qi in one go. Instead, he maintained a relatively stable cultivation frequency.

Even so, he could already feel the subtle changes in his dantian.

When the true Qi was about to be completely transformed, in fact, the Golden core cyclone had already begun to slowly form in the dantian.

At this stage, Xia ruofei was even more cautious. He had to build a solid foundation to prevent any problems from arising.

After finishing his cultivation, Xia ruofei saw that it was almost midnight. He got up and went to the bathroom to take a shower. Then, he went to his desk and turned on his computer. He wanted to see if the Spain media had any reports on Pablo’s Facebook before going to bed.

Xia ruofei opened the official website of the local major sports media and saw that The Sports Daily reported on this matter in a more prominent position. At the same time, several sports media in catarodia followed up with the report. Their Reporting Standards were similar. They basically reported from the perspective of Spain reporters suffering from cyberbullying by Chinese netizens. As Pablo’s owner, The Sports Daily reported, The post that had been posted after the original photo had been transferred to Pablo was clearly trying to portray Pablo as a fearless warrior.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but sneer. As expected, with the passage of time, all the evil spirits had started to jump out. Now, it was like a group of demons dancing wildly.

However, he didn’t care about that. His confidence came from the video that Song Wei had shot.

Perhaps it was destined. The video shot by Song Wei not only clearly recorded the whole event, but also the background of the Barcelona fans who were leaving, as well as the final scores of the two teams, the current time, and so on on on the working scoreboard. These key pieces of information were enough to prove who was lying.

And from another perspective, it also reflected the absurdity of the matter. The scoreboard had not been closed yet, and the fans were still leaving, which meant that it was not too long before the end of the game. Camp Nou had actually turned on the spray system while the away players were still on the field. It was really petty.

Xia ruofei opened Pablo’s Facebook page and took a look. As expected, Pablo’s new post was also taken over by angry Chinese netizens. The post was filled with attacks from Chinese netizens.

Pablo was still unafraid of the Chinese netizens ‘comments. He was probably laughing in secret!

Xia ruofei smiled, turned off the computer, and went back to his bedroom to sleep.

The next day, Xia ruofei brought Song Wei and Ling Qingxue to continue their tour of Barcelona with Zhou leiyun.

At this time, the team had already ended their day’s holiday. Everyone resumed their daily training and advanced into the final stage of the league tournament. Every game was crucial, especially for teams like Espanyol and Espanyol, who had no worries about staying in the league but had a chance to fight for the European competition. They had to do their best to grab points in every round of the game. Therefore, although the victory over Espanyol bar?a made the whole Espanyol club, including the fans, ecstatic, they still had to calm down quickly. He devoted himself to the preparation training and played well in every game that followed.

Naturally, Xia ruofei would not participate in the team’s training. He did not need to participate in training at all.

Xia ruofei, Song Wei, and Ling Qingxue were strolling in guere Park. The environment here was very beautiful, and there was a good viewing angle. They could see the sunset in the Mediterranean Sea. Of course, it was still too early for the sun to set.

Song Wei and Ling Qingxue went to buy drinks. They insisted that Xia ruofei should not go abroad with Wanwan. Even if they did not understand the language, a Xunfei translator was enough to meet their daily communication needs. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Xia ruofei also knew their strength and didn’t need to worry about them being in any danger, so he agreed with a smile.

He and Zhou leiyun sat on the stone bench to rest. He took out his phone to browse the news.

The first thing that Xia ruofei noticed was a statement on the Espanyol club’s official website. The content of the statement was directed at Pablo’s comments about Espanyol these few days.

The club severely condemned Pablo’s false remarks in a statement, saying that Xia ruofei and Wu Lei were players brought in by the team out of tactical considerations and had nothing to do with commercial operations. The performance of the two had proven this point and had won over all the Spanish fans. The statement once again expressed their support for Ruby. In response to Ruby’s remarks at the press conference, the Spanish club officially stated that the players had been treated very badly in nocape. Ruby did not exaggerate in any way. Pablo clearly knew the truth, but he distorted the truth, which violated the most basic professional ethics of the news.

At the end of the statement, the Spanish club expressed that they reserved the right to pursue legal responsibility and urged Pablo to immediately apologize sincerely for his false remarks.

Xia ruofei showed Zhou leiyun his phone screen and smiled.””Director Zhou, the club has already responded. Take a look!”

Zhou leiyun shot a glance at him, then laughed bitterly.””I don’t understand Spanish! President Xia, please tell me!”

Zhou leiyun had been accompanying Xia ruofei for the past two days. He did not even bring along an assistant or a translator. Naturally, he did not know Spanish.

Actually, Zhou leiyun was quite envious of Xia ruofei. His ability to learn languages was too strong.

Xia ruofei laughed as he translated the Espanyol club’s statement for Zhou leiyun to hear. He then said,””I think they did a good job! He has a good grasp of the timing. ”

Zhou leiyun slowly nodded and said,””It’s a bit of a fuss to hold a press conference for such a small character. If we don’t respond, it will show that the club doesn’t have the confidence. It might even be interpreted by the outside world as a conflict between the club and Ruby, you, and Wu Lei. So, releasing such a statement on the official website is a more appropriate way to deal with it.”

Following that, Zhou leiyun furrowed his brows and said,”But this doesn’t really hurt Pablo!”

Xia ruofei laughed and said,”don’t worry!” The good show is yet to come!”

After that, Xia ruofei switched to the Facebook APP and opened Pablo’s Facebook page. He found that Pablo had indeed updated.

Pablo’s popularity on his face was still rising. Not only were there a large number of Chinese netizens coming to criticize him, but there were also many Spain netizens who came to watch because of the daily report. This made Pablo feel like he was floating in the clouds for the past two days. It could be said that he was very proud.

This time, Pablo had updated a video.

Xia ruofei and Zhou leiyun looked at each other and pressed the play button. They wanted to see what Pablo had updated.