Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

2852 Self – redemption (2)

When Mayers woke up in the morning, he still had a little impression of this dream, but he did not take it to heart. He felt that it was just a dream that he thought about during the day.

He had been thinking about this for the past two days.

And when he saw the statement issued by The Sports Daily pushing all the blame on himself, he was indeed very angry.

At the same time, just as he had said at the end of the video, Pablo had come to him twice. The first time, the two had basically reached an agreement, and the second time, Pablo had come to him to discuss the specific conditions and explain the script. This time, he had been careful and secretly recorded all the conversations during the meeting.

But in fact, Mayers was very conflicted. On one hand, he was extremely angry at the daily sports news’s behavior of passing the blame on others. After all, no one wanted to be the scapegoat. On the other hand, he could not convince himself to stand up. If he did, it would indeed make the daily sports news and pablo more passive, but it would not help him at all. Once he said it, his mistake would be even more serious. Not only would he lie, but he would also be paid.

Therefore, even though Mayes would sometimes talk to himself about telling the truth, it was only limited to when he was competing with himself. In fact, after weighing the pros and cons, he naturally felt that it was better not to say it.

Because of this, when Mayes woke up in the morning, he could vaguely remember the contents of the dream. He felt that he had had that dream because he had been struggling with this matter the previous day.

In fact, Xia ruofei was the mastermind behind all this.

With his current mental power, it was a piece of cake to hypnotize an ordinary person like Mayes. Moreover, what Mayers said came from the bottom of his heart, which was easier to achieve during the hypnosis process. He only needed a little guidance.

It would be much more difficult to make the hypnotized person say something against their will, especially for those with stronger willpower. They might even develop a rebellious mentality and wake up from the state of hypnosis.

After Xia ruofei had recorded the video he needed, he did not completely erase Mayers ‘memory. That was why Mayers could only vaguely remember it after he got up. However, his memory was blurry, so he naturally thought that it was just a dream.

The words of the reporters outside had struck Mayes like lightning. He was stunned for a long time before he rushed to the study. He pulled the bowl of instant noodles on the computer table to the ground, found the mouse on the messy desktop, and quickly opened some local mainstream news websites.

By this time, most of the reporters had finished their articles and had also received the video sent to their e – mail by the Spanish club’s press officer.

Therefore, Mayes quickly saw the video on the official website of World Sports.

He watched the whole video in a daze. It took him a while to accept the reality that he didn’t seem to be dreaming last night. He just didn’t know why he would say those words, and why they were recorded and quickly made the front page of the media.

Could it be that the man who was emitting holy light last night was really sent by God to save me? Such a thought came to Mayes’s mind.

Although he was a rare atheist, his faith seemed to have begun to waver ...

After Mayers came back to his senses, he sat in front of his computer desk and pondered for a long time.

In the end, he made up his mind and found an old USB flash drive in the drawer. He inserted it into the computer in a hurry and copied the audio file he had saved in the E drive.

Mayers pulled out the USB and strode to the door ...

His thoughts were very simple. Since the matter had already been exposed, what was the point of hiding it? Continue to take the blame for The Sports Daily? To hell with The Sports Daily! To hell with Pablo!

However, Meyers was in an even worse mood at the moment, and he was not in the mood to deal with the reporters. He opened the door and strode out. Before the reporters could react, he threw the USB out and said loudly,””The recording you want is in the USB. This exclusive news belongs to whoever gets it!”

After that, Mayers walked back into the house without looking back.

When the reporters saw that Mayes had thrown something out, they did not react immediately. When Mayes finished speaking, a reporter who had subconsciously caught the USB flash drive was ecstatic. He held the USB flash drive tightly as he quickly walked to the parking space in the distance. This was truly exclusive news!

The other reporters came back to their senses and chased after him, shouting loudly.

“The person in front, please wait a moment!”

“Let’s share our resources!”

“You can’t eat it all for yourself! This piece of news belongs to all of us!”

……

After Mayers returned to his room, he thought about it and opened the door. He had wanted to warn the reporters and tell them that he would not accept any interviews. If they gathered in front of his house again, he would really call the police. However, when he opened the door, he saw that almost all the reporters had left. All the reporters were chasing after the lucky person who had obtained the USB drive.

Mayers was stunned for a moment, then he shrugged and went back into the house. Since the reporters had left, he was happy to relax.

Mayers walked over to open the refrigerator and took out the only can of beer left. He opened the can and gulped down the entire can of beer.

He hiccuped and sat down at the computer desk in the study. He ate potato chips and read the news.

He wanted to see how badly The Sports Daily would be criticized by public opinion after the follow – up reports came out. Anyway, he was already miserable enough. Now that the worst situation had appeared, he had nothing to lose. In this case, he naturally hoped that the worse The Sports Daily was, the better.

As for Pablo, after Mayers saw the video of his statement, he knew that Pablo’s career was over. There was no way the media would hire him again. Thus, Mayes no longer cared about Pablo’s problem.

……

In the end, the reporters didn’t get the USB. After all, this was a society ruled by law. They couldn’t snatch something that was already in his hands, right? Even if they chased after him, it would be of no use. They could only watch the reporter and his companion drive away in a hurry.

The reporters also knew that Mayers would not accept the interview. Even if he had a copy of the audio, they did not try to go back and make any more attempts because a reporter had already gotten the audio. They might not be able to get another copy of the audio even if they went back and tried their best. The reporter who got the audio would only need 15 minutes at most to publish the exclusive news.

So, the reporters were all asking each other, wanting to know which media company that lucky guy was from. Wanwan and the others were already prepared. Although they wouldn’t be able to get exclusive news, they could at least repost the article as soon as the lucky guy posted it!

…… Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

With the continuous appearance of articles regarding the press conference of the Spanish clubs, it could be said that sports daily was in a terrible fix, especially when the media quickly released the audio of Pablo and Meyers discussing the price and the script. It was the most solid hammer, and there was no room for sports daily to refute at all.

The editor – in – chief of The Sports Daily, Wells, was also facing great internal pressure. He was severely reprimanded by his boss, and some directors of the same level also hit him when he was down. After all, there were many people who had their eyes on the position of editor – in – chief. For a time, Wells ‘position was on the verge of collapse.

The internal Department of Sports daily was still holding an emergency meeting to discuss how to deal with the sudden public opinion crisis.

In addition to The Sports Daily, Pablo, and Meyers being jittery in the storm of public opinion, there was another group of people who felt extremely depressed ...