Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

2862 Complete collapse (1)

The fans watching the game in the stadium might not have noticed these details, but the staff in charge of the television broadcast keenly captured them and clearly told the audience through the camera language.

In addition, the commentators who saw the replay also realized that they had missed this detail when they explained, so they began to make up for it during the replay.

In this way, the fans watching the game in front of the TV would soon know.

At that moment, whether they were Spanish fans or not, they were all in awe of Xia ruofei’s operation. The Spanish fans were touched, while the neutral fans saw Xia ruofei’s absolute confidence before the free kick.

Before the free throw had even started, he had already calculated to let the ball enter the goal at the 21st minute. No one could compare to this!

This also reflected the stability of Xia ruofei’s footwork.

Through these three matches, the public had a rough picture of Xia ruofei: Exquisite footwork, wide field of vision, strong overall vision, excellent long shot ability ...

With all these advantages gathered in one person, he was simply born to play football! Using the slang of the crosstalk world, this was a gift from the Grandmaster!

If the football industry also had ancestors.

Xia ruofei’s goal successfully set off a frenzy in El plart Stadium. The fans were unwilling to sit down for a long time. They kept shouting Xia ruofei’s name, and many fans even made worshiping actions.

It seemed to have announced the birth of a new king at the elprat Stadium.

Ruby was also very excited on the sidelines. When Xia ruofei was ready to take the free kick, he had already stood up and walked to the side of the field.

When Xia ruofei’s shot accurately hit the goal, Ruby couldn’t help but raise his arms and cheer. He knew that Xia ruofei’s free kick technique was very accurate, but he was still excited when it turned into a goal in an official game.

It was just like a foreign commentator who had analyzed Xia ruofei’s goal and ridiculed that any free kick within the 30 – meter zone would be a penalty kick for Xia ruofei!

There was a big difference between a free kick and a penalty kick.

When Ruby Heard the fans in the stadium chanting Xia ruofei’s name and even worshiping Him, he was happy but also secretly sighed. He was such a good player and definitely had the potential to become a star player at the level of Ronaldo and Messi. He would definitely be a Big Shot in Espanyol, but why did he have to be a successful businessman? Xia ruofei’s career was so successful that he could not make football his main business.

This was simply a waste of God’s gift! Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

In the VIP box in the stands, Ling Qingxue and Song Wei cheered at the same time when Xia ruofei’s shot entered the net. They hugged each other tightly.

Zhou leiyun also stood up and applauded with a smile on his face, especially when he saw Xia ruofei use such a special way to pay respect to Dani hark and receive the worship of all the fans in the stadium. Zhou leiyun could not suppress his excitement.

After he took over the Espanyol club, there were always some voices of opposition, whether it was within the club or among the fans.

The arrogant Europeans seemed to be unable to completely accept the fact that China had risen. When the club’s master became a Chinese, these people’s hearts still couldn’t take that turn.

Although there was no large – scale resistance, Zhou leiyun could still feel the rejection.

One could imagine that after today, because of Xia ruofei’s actions, at least at the fan level, their impression of the Chinese people would suddenly change a lot. Their rejection of the Chinese boss of the club would also be much less.

After all, Xia ruofei was one of the bosses of the club!

Zhou leiyun could not help but secretly sigh. He had spent a lot of effort but it was still difficult to change the prejudices. Perhaps Xia ruofei’s one goal could change everything.

Now that he thought about it, it was the best decision he had ever made to bring Xia ruofei’s capital into the Spanish club.

After the Spanish team reversed the situation and defeated bar?a, the stock price of Zhou leiyun’s glory world Corporation reached its limit. His net worth had also increased by at least one or two billion because of Xia ruofei’s hook shot.

The news of Xia ruofei and Wu Lei’s outstanding performance in this game would obviously become a huge piece of good news for shengshi group when it was spread back to China. If the Spanish team finally made it to the European region because of these two victories, that would be even better.

Zhou leiyun could not help but laugh when he thought about the stock price that was likely to soar all the way up.

On the court, the Spanish players also reacted after seeing Xia ruofei’s celebration.

They all ran towards Xia ruofei and surrounded him in the middle. They saluted Dani hark’s huge tifo in the stands.

Several of the players were old players of the Espanyol club. They used to be teammates with Dani Halk. Some of these players were still fighting for the club on the field, while others spent most of their time sitting in the substitutes ‘bench, reaching the end of their careers. At this moment, their hearts were filled with gratitude. Some of them even had tears in their eyes.

This time, the celebration of Xia ruofei’s goal took a little longer. It was not that he wanted to delay the time, but the fans in the stands and his teammates on and off the field were too enthusiastic.