Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

2863 Complete collapse (2)

The main judge clearly knew Dani Halk’s importance to the Spanish team, so he did not interrupt Xia ruofei’s team.

Even the players of Spain’s opponent, Herona, did not protest, and no one was in a hurry to restart the game.

Although the game had only been going on for more than 20 minutes, Herona was already behind by three goals. He had just managed to recover a little on the field when he was immediately hit by Xia ruofei’s super – long free – kick.

Now, the faces of the players in Herona were filled with confusion, and their manager was even more dazed.

In such a situation, even the best manager could not do anything. Even if he used the substitution quota in the twenty – minute mark to make adjustments to the team, the effect would not be good.

That was because the problem with Herona was that he was completely suppressed. It was not the weakness of any player or link at all. How could the manager adjust?

The morale of Herona’s players was already very low. They did not even have any hopes of catching up with the score. As long as they did not concede any more goals in the back, they would be grateful.

The problem now was that there were still more than 70 minutes of the game. With the state and strength gap between the two sides, it was too difficult to not concede the goal ...

In fact, Herona’s next goal concede came very quickly.

After the restart, Herona could not attack and could not defend. The players played very hard and everyone’s thinking was not unified enough. The middle and backfield were also disconnected.

It was Xia ruofei who seized the opportunity. In the 35th minute of the game, he passed the ball like a scalpel and directly passed through the defensive line of Herona.

Wu Lei, who had an excellent sense of smell in front of the goal, once again rushed forward from between the Herona defenders. With a wonderful straight pass and anti – offside cooperation, he once again got a chance to be alone.

This time, Wu Lei did not let Xia ruofei down. Facing the goalkeeper who was attacking, Wu Lei calmly used his bow to kick a low flat ball. It passed directly through the goalkeeper’s crotch and went in together with the small gate.

4:

The first half of the game was not over yet, and the score had already reached 4 – 0.

Out of the four goals, Xia ruofei took two of them. The other two were scored by iglassias and Wu Lei respectively. In fact, both goals were directly related to Xia ruofei. They were both from his sharp straight ball.

If Wu Lei had not stepped too far for the first goal, he would have already scored. In the end, it became an assist for iglysias, and Xia ruofei, who should have received an assist, became the instigator for the attack.

Naturally, Xia ruofei assisted with the second goal.

In other words, at the 35th minute of the game, Xia ruofei had already scored two goals and two assists. Wu Lei had also scored a goal and had two assists in hand.

Such a performance was something that even C.R.O. Or Messi could not perform in every game.

Even if this was the data for the entire game, it was still a rather eye – catching result.

In the face of such a result, who dared to say that the Chinese players were not good?

After Wu Lei scored, he ran towards Xia ruofei excitedly. He even shook off a few teammates who came to celebrate with him and hugged Xia ruofei tightly.

“Thank you! Brother Xia, thank you!” Wu Lei said excitedly.

Xia ruofei laughed and patted Wu Lei’s shoulder,””Did you see? A single blade was actually that simple! Don’t feel any psychological pressure in the future and play normally. The probability of scoring a goal is very high. And even if he didn’t score, don’t take it to heart. No player has a 100% scoring rate when he’s single – handed! You’ve already shown your abilities as an Archer by getting the chance to fight solo!”

Xia ruofei took advantage of the celebration to give Wu Lei some psychological counseling.

After all, Wu Lei’s “impenetrable” image had been deeply rooted in the hearts of the people. Every time he missed a shot, he would attract a huge wave of ridicule, and the psychological pressure on him would also increase, forming a vicious circle.

Xia ruofei did not want the best striker in the country to be traumatized. Besides, Wu Lei was humble, hardworking, and had almost no negative news outside the field. Xia ruofei felt that he was very much like him. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

“I know! Thank you, brother Xia!” Wu Lei grinned.

His teammates also came up to celebrate, and everyone walked towards their own half with their arms around each other.

After conceding four goals in a row in about half an hour, the players of Herona were on the verge of collapse.

After the restart, they did not even have the desire to organize an attack and kept on returning the ball in the backfield.

However, the Spanish team took advantage of their high morale and immediately tacitly began to press forward in the front field, which made it difficult for Herona to pass the ball around. As long as the ball stayed at his feet for a little longer, the Spanish players would quickly approach, making the players of Herona very embarrassed. They could not pass the ball out and could only kick the other side halfway.

The result of doing so was to return the ball to the other party for nothing.

On the Spanish side, their attack was impressive.

With four goals at the end, all the players no longer had any psychological burden. This was a game that they were sure to win.

In a game, the more relaxed one was, the better one could play.

Many players performed very well during training, but once they entered actual combat, they would expose various problems, which were mostly caused by mentality.

In fact, no player could bring their form from training 100% into the game. This was why even the footwork that many Chinese football players showed off the field looked good, but when they played in the game, people could not help but curse and make mistakes immediately when they were pressed.

Spain’s two wings also began to frequently plug in to assist. Jerrona was in danger in front of the goal and relied on the goalkeeper’s superb play to barely hold on to the current score.

However, they were still unable to defend to the end of the half. In the 43rd minute, the tragic Herona goal was lost again.

In fact, the goal was a bit accidental. It was already close to the end of the half. The Spanish players were not made of iron. They had been carrying out the pressing tactic with the boost of morale from consecutive goals. At this point, everyone was more or less tired, so the pressure on Herona was not as strong as it was ten minutes ago.

There were only two exceptions, Xia ruofei and Wu Lei, who were full of energy.

Ever since Wu Lei started practicing the first set of the Golden Man body refining movements that Xia ruofei had taught her, his physical fitness level had been on a straight line. At the beginning, it was difficult for him to support himself in the high – intensity matches of La Liga. Now, he was almost one of the most physically fit people on the team.

Therefore, even if the other players were a little relaxed, Wu Lei continued to carry out the harassment tactics in the front field without tiring.

As for Xia ruofei, he always kept an appropriate distance from Wu Lei, ready to support him at any time.

Wu Lei’s efforts seemed to be in vain most of the time, but in the end, he still received rewards.

This time, it was Herona’s Center back who gave him a big gift.

Under the Spaniards ‘overall pressure, Jerona had almost no way to send the ball forward, and they were forced to constantly pass the ball back.

In the end, the football reached the center back’s feet, and Wu Lei, after following the football in a big circle, still rushed at the Herona defender at high speed.

The Herona Center – back, who took the ball, misjudged Wu Lei’s speed at the beginning, so when Wu Lei came a few meters in front of him, he seemed a little flustered and hurriedly sent a long kick to the front field to clear the siege.

However, the tragedy was that he made a mistake. The ball did not rise at all, but rolled softly toward Wu Lei.

In the face of this sudden gift pack, Wu Lei was stunned for a moment, then subconsciously stopped the ball. Then, with a kick, he bypassed the already dumbfounded Center – back and got the chance to face the goalkeeper directly.

The Herona goalkeeper did not even have time to curse as he rushed to the football.

...

In fact, at this time, Herona’s goalkeeper hurriedly attacked and could not block all angles. Wu Lei had a lot of space to shoot.

However, he caught a glimpse of Xia ruofei from the corner of his eye. In an instant, his Restless Heart as a striker calmed down. He even calmly took a step in the direction of the Herona goalkeeper.

Just as the Herona goalkeeper, who had already landed, was about to touch the football, Wu Lei nimbly did a pick pass. The football passed over the Herona goalkeeper’s body and bounced and rolled toward the middle of the penalty area.

At this time, Xia ruofei was cutting in at high speed. In front of him was the empty Herona goal ...