Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

2872 Return journey (2)

Almost all of the Spanish first team was present today, including the players, coaches, and staff. Everyone had brought their families to the high – end restaurant booked by the club to chat happily.

When Xia ruofei and his group arrived, everyone stood up and applauded.

Xia ruofei and Zhou leiyun also shook hands with everyone. When they were shaking hands with Wu Lei and his family, Xia ruofei even stopped to chat with them in Chinese.

At this point, Xia ruofei was no longer a player, but a shareholder of the team.

Of course, because they had fought side by side before, the players ‘affection for Xia ruofei was far greater than for Zhou leiyun.

Soon, the dinner started. Xia ruofei did not purposely invite Wu Lei to sit at the same table. Instead, he asked him to sit with his other teammates.

This was because calling his family over could backfire and make the players feel that Wu Lei was giving special treatment because he and the boss were from the same hometown. Moreover, Wu Lei also needed to integrate into the team. Such a family gathering dinner was the easiest way to get closer to each other.

Before the banquet started, Xia ruofei and Zhou leiyun both gave a short speech. Then, everyone started to enjoy the food that the restaurant had specially prepared.

Since most of them were professional players, and it wasn’t the off – season yet, the restaurant didn’t provide any alcoholic drinks today. Everyone only had juice.

Even so, the atmosphere of the banquet did not turn cold because there was no wine. Everyone was chatting enthusiastically. Xia ruofei saw that Wu Lei, Diego Lopez, Naldo, and the others were all chatting happily.

Of course, with Wu Lei’s current level of Spanish, it was unknown how much he could understand, but it was still an improvement. Even if he communicated with simple words and gestures, he could still close the distance between him and his teammates.

Soon, everyone started to serve fruit juices to the table. Many people came to toast Xia ruofei and Zhou leiyun. Wu Lei also came with his wife and children. They used fruit juice to toast the two bosses.

Everyone left happily at the dinner. It was a way to relax after the game. Tomorrow, they would be back in training to prepare for the league tournament this weekend.

The remaining three rounds were very important for Spain.

The best outcome would naturally be for all of them to win. In that case, no one would be able to shake their current ranking, and they might even advance one or two places.

Considering the matches of the few teams that theoretically had a chance of competing for the top seven, if Spain could get six to seven points in the last three rounds, that meant that they would win at least two games and a draw or loss. If they could do that, there was a high probability that they would maintain their current ranking.

Winning at least two out of three games was still a challenge for the Spanish clubs, which did not have an advantage in La Liga on paper. Fortunately, their opponents in the last three rounds were not too strong. In addition, the morale of the Spanish team was high, so it was still possible to win in one go.

The premise was that the entire team had to be United and everyone had to devote themselves to the preparation.

With Xia ruofei’s two promises in the locker room, everyone used the dinner time on the day after the game to gather again. The players were very enthusiastic now and were clamoring to defeat all three opponents.

Xia ruofei could tell that both the players and the manager, Ruby, wanted him to stay and continue to play for the team. Even if he played one more game, his chances of entering the European competition would be greatly improved. However, due to Xia ruofei’s status, they did not dare to mention it.

Even though Xia ruofei was also very concerned about whether the team could enter the UEFA Europa League, he really had no intention of staying in Spain.

On the one hand, it was because he had been away for more than ten days, and there were a lot of things waiting for him to deal with in Paradise Island and the company. On the other hand, the more important reason was that he could feel that he was about to make a breakthrough. Therefore, he had to return to the peach source Island as soon as possible.

Only in an environment with rich spiritual Qi like the Paradise Island would the breakthrough be smoother.

Furthermore, no one could disturb him during the process of his breakthrough. The array on the Peach Blossom Island was undoubtedly Xia ruofei’s safest guarantee.

Hence, when the banquet ended, Xia ruofei greeted Zhou leiyun and told him that he would be leaving Spain the next morning.

This time, Xia ruofei had done enough for the club. Naturally, Zhou leiyun did not dare to expect Xia ruofei to continue to stay on the team and contribute. When he heard that Xia ruofei was leaving the next day, he quickly said that he would definitely send him off at the airport.

After they returned to the hotel, Xia ruofei sent Song Wei and Ling Qingxue back to their room. Then, he went to his room to take a shower and went to bed.

He didn’t cultivate that night because almost all the true Qi in his body had been converted into vital Qi. If he continued to cultivate, he might have a breakthrough here tonight.

At this point, Xia ruofei had to strengthen his Foundation and the external environment for his breakthrough had to be in the best condition. Hence, he could only suppress his cultivation for now and wait until he arrived at the peach source Island the next day before breaking through.

The next morning, Zhou leiyun came to the hotel and personally sent Xia ruofei and the other two to the airport in Barcelona. He also helped to make the necessary arrangements.

After going through the security check on the private jet, Xia ruofei and the other two took the business car that the airport had prepared for high – end customers and arrived at the landing strip where paradise was parked.

Captain Liu An, who had been informed a day in advance, had already made preparations with the crew. After Xia ruofei and the other two boarded the plane, paradise was soon allowed to slip out and join the take – off sequence at the busy Barcelona Airport.

At 8:30 A. M., Paradise received permission to take off. Soon, it glided on the runway and took off ...

After docking in Australia and refueling, paradise flew all the way to the southeast and finally landed on the runway of Paradise Island in the deep night.

Li Yifu and Zheng Yongshou were waiting on the tarmac. As soon as the cabin door opened, the two of them quickly greeted them. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Xia ruofei walked out of the cabin first.

“Mr. Xia!” The two of them greeted him in unison.

The crew members of the peach source were also present, so the two of them followed Xia ruofei’s instructions and addressed him as ‘Mr. Xia’.

Xia ruofei nodded.”Yongshou, you stay here. After the crew is done with their work, you can personally bring them to their resting place.”

There was a formation on the peach source Island. Although the formation did not change its position and its range was surrounded by barbed wire, Xia ruofei was still worried that the ordinary crew members might accidentally enter it, which would be life – threatening. Moreover, there were many secrets on the Paradise Island, so he arranged for Zheng Yongshou to follow him the entire time.

“Yes, Mr. Xia!” Zheng Yongshou quickly said.

“Foster husband, let’s talk while we walk!” Xia ruofei said.

He brought Ling Qingxue, Song Wei, and Li Yifu to the business car that was parked on the tarmac.

However, Xia ruofei did not get into the car. He only said to Ling Qingxue and Song Wei,””Qingxue, Weiwei, you two take my car. He will arrange a place for you to rest.”

From what he had said, it was obvious that he was not prepared to go back with them.

Li Yifu didn’t dare to have the slightest bit of hesitation about his senior granduncle’s decision. He didn’t even dare to ask about it. Ling Qingxue, on the other hand, naturally didn’t have such concerns. She immediately asked,”Ruofei, where are you going?”

Li Yifu and Song Wei also looked at Xia ruofei.

Xia ruofei smiled and said,”I’ve suddenly gained some enlightenment in cultivation, so I want to go into seclusion.”

Then, Xia ruofei said to Li Yifu,””Foster husband, I will go to the core of the array to seclude myself. At the same time, I will also mobilize some arrays around the surroundings for protection, so the position of the array may change slightly tonight. You also have to tell Zheng Yongshou in a while that you all stay in the building tonight and don’t run around!”