Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

2873 Early gold core (1)

Ling Qingxue and Song Wei knew what was important and what was not. Li Yifu followed Xia ruofei’s orders obediently, so after they heard Xia ruofei’s words, they all nodded with a serious expression. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

“Ruofei, you must be careful when you’re cultivating alone!” Song Wei said.

They had been with Xia ruofei for a long time, but they had rarely seen him in closed – door cultivation. This time, everyone knew that Xia ruofei was about to break through to the Golden core stage, so they had already guessed the purpose of Xia ruofei’s closed – door cultivation. They just didn’t say it.

Xia ruofei nodded at everyone, then disappeared into the night.

Li Yifu went over to Zheng Yongshou, who was waiting by the plane, and gave him some instructions. Then, he respectfully took Song Wei and Ling Qingxue and left the tarmac.

Xia ruofei flew all the way and soon arrived at the cement house near the cliff on the west side of the island.

This was the core of the entire formation and also the place with the tightest defense on the island. However, Xia ruofei had long been familiar with the Taixu xuanqing formation and naturally came here with ease.

He first went to the core array board and used his mind power to activate the array, forming layers of protection around it. Then, he sat down cross – legged next to the core array board.

With a thought, Xia ruofei summoned the spirit painting from his palm.

Under the heavy protection of the Taixu xuanqing formation, this place was naturally very safe. Even if a nascent Soul Stage cultivator could break into the island, it would take a lot of effort to break through the heavy encirclement and reach the core formation disk. As for ordinary people, they couldn’t even use advanced equipment to spy on it, let alone get close. All they could see was a cloud of fog.

Hence, Xia ruofei was not worried when he took out the spirit map scroll here.

Then, Xia ruofei quickly took out the talismans from the spirit map and placed it in a hidden corner of the room. Then, he began to skillfully set up a protective array around the place where the spirit map was hidden.

These talismans were all made by Xia ruofei when he was free. They were almost all of his assets.

In this way, with the layers of protection of the Taixu xuanqing formation on the outside and the protection of many formations around the spirit map scroll, it could be said to be impregnable.

After setting everything up, Xia ruofei entered the space with a thought.

He had chosen to break through in the spirit map space after careful consideration.

The concentration of spiritual energy in the spirit map space was much denser than the outside world. At a critical moment like breaking through to the Golden core stage, the denser the spiritual energy, the better. After all, he had no experience and only read about the experiences of his predecessors from various cultivation books. He was not sure how much spiritual energy was needed in the process of breaking through, so it was more secure to break through in the space.

Besides, Xia ruofei could clearly feel that when he cultivated in the spirit map space, not only was the spiritual Qi more concentrated, but his cultivation state, including his comprehension, was obviously better than the outside world. Perhaps this was one of the magical effects of the spirit map space, a little benefit that the spiritual master of the spirit map space had left for the younger generation.

During normal cultivation, this kind of difference was not a big deal. At the critical point of breaking through to the next realm, Xia ruofei would not let go of any advantage.

In addition, there was another crucial point in making use of the spirit map’s environment to make a breakthrough. The spiritual Qi in the outside world had already accumulated over this period of time and was already quite dense. Therefore, there was no need to worry about excessive consumption during the breakthrough process. Other than absorbing energy from the chaotic space, the spirit map could also absorb spiritual Qi from the outside world to replenish and purify it. There was basically no need to worry about the foundation of the space being damaged by the excessive consumption of Reiki.

Xia ruofei directly entered the spirit map space’s Archean realm and sent a telepathic message to Xia Qing, telling him not to come over to pay his respects. He told Xia Qing not to enter the Archean realm without his summons. He needed an environment where he would not be disturbed.

When Xia Qing sensed Xia ruofei entering the spatial zone, she was prepared to come and pay her respects to her master. After receiving Xia ruofei’s voice transmission, she hurriedly and respectfully replied,””Yes! Master!”

Xia ruofei then crossed the Jade Bridge beside the spiritual pond and arrived at the small island in the middle of the pond.

He sat down cross – legged on the small square in front of the Linglong tower. He first meditated to adjust his state of mind and calm his mood.

Xia ruofei didn’t set up time array flags because he was close to breaking through. He might be able to complete it in a moment and didn’t need much time. Furthermore, at the Archean realm, time flowed 30 times faster than normal. This was already enough to save time.

Very quickly, Xia ruofei got rid of all distracting thoughts and entered a state of clarity.

There was no sorrow or joy in his eyes. He naturally began to operate the mental cultivation method of the “great Dao chant”. Rich spiritual Qi poured into his body and washed his meridians and dantian. After a while, the last trace of true Qi in his dantian was transformed into primordial Qi.

At that moment, Xia ruofei felt as if all the meridians in his body had trembled slightly. The circulation speed of the “great Dao technique” had obviously increased a little. There was an indescribable feeling of comfort all over his body. From this moment on, the spiritual Qi that was absorbed into his body would directly produce primordial Qi after passing through his dantian, and no longer produce genuine Qi.