Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

2874 Early Aurous core stage (2)

In fact, ever since he broke through the bottleneck of the Qi refinement stage, Xia ruofei had been practicing the second level of the great way of the Dao. However, because the genuine Qi in his body had not been completely transformed into vital Qi, the spiritual Qi that he absorbed during cultivation was basically a mixture of vital Qi and genuine Qi. As the proportion of the transformation of genuine Qi increased, the proportion of vital Qi in the mixture that he cultivated would also increase.

Today, he finally cultivated his first wisp of pure vital Qi using the second level of the ‘great Dao scroll’.

Of course, cultivating vital Qi was not Xia ruofei’s main task today.

His main focus was on his dantian. At this moment, there was a large amount of elemental energy in his dantian. It was all converted from Xia ruofei’s cultivation.

Of course, since vital Qi was many times purer than true Qi, the same dantian could naturally hold more vital Qi. In comparison, Xia ruofei’s current dantian felt much more spacious than when he was at lianqi ninth level.

The second level of the “great Dao Arts” was still running, continuously replenishing his dantian with Yuan Qi.

The most obvious sign of the early – Stage golden core was the formation of a Yuan Qi vortex in the dantian, which was the embryonic form of the Golden core. As long as this Yuan Qi vortex was formed, it meant that the cultivator had reached the cultivation of the early – Stage golden core.

The great Dao Arts was a Supreme cultivation technique that pointed directly to the great Dao of heaven and earth. The second level corresponded to the Golden core stage, so naturally, there was a detailed description of how to form a Yuan Qi vortex.

Xia ruofei had already memorized it. His main task this time was to form this Yuan Qi Whirlpool.

As for the second level of the “great Dao Arts,” he only needed to split a bit of energy and he would be able to circulate it naturally.

Xia ruofei followed the instructions of the technique and used his mind to control the vital Qi in his dantian to slowly rotate in a clockwise direction.

In the beginning, Xia ruofei felt a strong resistance. With such a huge amount of vital Qi, he felt that his spiritual power could not bear the burden of moving the whole body even a little.

He had almost completely studied the second level of the great Dao Arts. He was very clear that this was a normal phenomenon.

For example, in foreign Hercules competitions, it was common to see the scene of Hercules pushing a heavy truck. At the beginning, it was also the most laborious. They often used all their strength, but the truck only moved a little. However, it became easier towards the end because the truck itself had inertia.

The situation in Xia ruofei’s dantian was similar.

And this was when Xia ruofei’s spiritual power cultivation far exceeded his vital Qi cultivation. When he was in the mid – Stage of Qi refinement, his spiritual power had already broken through to the spirit gathering realm, which was equivalent to the Golden core stage. If it were an ordinary cultivator, their spiritual power would barely break through to the spirit gathering realm at this stage, and some people would even lag behind. Under such circumstances, it was easy to imagine how difficult it was to drive such a huge amount of primordial Qi.

Therefore, it often took many years for ordinary cultivators to break through the bottleneck of the Qi refinement stage and officially enter the Golden core stage. Luo Qingfeng was one such example. The main thing was that although there was no bottleneck from the foundation establishment stage to the early jiedan stage, there were still many difficulties to overcome. Many people were stuck in the area of mental power and needed to spend a lot of time to improve their mental power cultivation.

Of course, when ordinary cultivators reached this stage, the amount of vital Qi in their dantian was not as high as Xia ruofei’s in terms of quantity or quality. Thus, it was relatively easier for them.

Xia ruofei only felt slightly strained. Under his full control, the primordial Qi in his dantian began to move with heavy steps and slowly moved in a clockwise direction.

In order to form a Yuan Qi vortex, it was naturally not enough to simply let the yuan Qi spin. In the process of spinning, one also needed to consciously use the yuan Qi to construct a structure similar to an array at some key positions. Only in this way could the yuan Qi vortex that was finally formed be stable and continuously absorb Yuan Qi, gradually evolving into a true golden core.

Different cultivation techniques would naturally have different methods of constructing the yuan Qi vortex. Hence, the yuan Qi vortex that was formed in the end would also be different. In addition, the mass of the yuan Qi vortex was also closely related to the mass of the yuan Qi itself.

Therefore, the Golden core was divided into nine grades, whether it was the upper three grades, the middle three grades, or the lower three grades. In fact, when the yuan Qi vortex was formed, the grade of the Golden core had already been determined.

The reason why Xia ruofei placed so much importance on this breakthrough and took every step steadily and made full use of the external conditions was so that the final formed vital Qi vortex would be of a higher grade. This was a key step in his future cultivation path.

The vital Qi in his dantian was slowly rotating. Xia ruofei was paying full attention to the situation of his vital Qi, not daring to be distracted at all.

As he controlled the yuan Qi with all his might to speed up the rotation, he also continuously used his mental power to weave mysterious patterns, integrating them into the yuan Qi. This was the framework of the yuan Qi vortex.

Only when the skeleton was stable would the yuan Qi vortex that was formed be stable.

Of course, Xia ruofei had absolute confidence in the “great Dao Arts”. He knew that as long as he followed the requirements of the cultivation technique and completed the construction of the essence Qi Whirlpool meticulously, the grade of the essence Qi Whirlpool that was formed would not be low.

The rotation of the vital Qi was getting faster and faster. With this inertia, Xia ruofei no longer needed to use all his strength to drive it. On the contrary, he even started to control the rotation speed a little. This was because he had entered a critical stage in building the ‘skeleton’.

At this moment, Xia ruofei’s mind had no distracting thoughts. All he could think of was the part in the second level of the “great Dao chant” that described the construction of the vital Qi vortex. He used his spiritual power to construct the runes without any mistakes and wrapped his vital Qi around them, forming a mysterious web – like structure.

The rune network also became more and more complete as the vital Qi circulated. It almost covered the entire inner wall of the dantian.

When the last rune was integrated into the network and was closely integrated with the vital Qi, Xia ruofei finally heaved a sigh of relief. He had completed the most problematic part of the whole process.

The following work would be much easier.

He began to push his vital Qi with all his heart and soul to speed up the rotation. As the vital Qi’s rotation became faster and faster, the vital Qi in his dantian seemed to have a trace of violent Qi. However, with the restraint of this rune network, all the violent Qi was firmly suppressed. No matter how strong the centrifugal force was, not a trace of it leaked out.

When the yuan Qi began to rotate, it was like the flywheel of a huge electric motor. It was extremely heavy at first, but once the inertia took effect, the speed was so fast that it made one’s heart palpitate.

As the vital Qi rotated to its extreme, Xia ruofei suddenly felt that the vital Qi under the centrifugal force was about to dissipate at any time. But now, it suddenly changed. It suddenly collapsed inward and a huge suction followed.

This was like riding a pirate ship, and after reaching the highest point, it suddenly began to fall again. The instantaneous transformation from overweight to weightless made one’s heart feel like it was about to fly out of their chest.

This feeling was very similar, and it made Xia ruofei feel uncomfortable.

Of course, he didn’t have the time to think too much. When the yuan Qi vortex produced a suction force, he instantly felt a void in his dantian ...

The technique described this feeling, so Xia ruofei did not panic. Instead, he felt a burst of joy.

He knew that when the yuan Qi vortex in his dantian began to have the devouring attribute, it meant that the yuan Qi vortex had been successfully built.

Of course, Xia ruofei did not dare to relax. The yuan Qi Whirlpool was like a black hole, constantly swallowing the free Yuan Qi to strengthen himself. At this time, his dantian was extremely empty. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Xia ruofei quickly circulated the second level of the “great Dao technique” and absorbed the rich spiritual Qi in the outside world. He quickly converted it into elemental energy in his dantian.