Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

2875 Achieving success in one stroke (1)

The spiritual Qi in the spirit map space was extremely dense. It had even formed a misty spiritual liquid in the air. Hence, Xia ruofei started absorbing at full speed and the efficiency was shockingly high.

The moment Xia ruofei fully activated the second level of the “great Dao technique”, a spiritual energy hole appeared in the small square where he was meditating. A large amount of spiritual energy that was almost liquefied rolled towards Xia ruofei who was sitting upright.

After Xia ruofei had broken through to the beginning stage of the Golden elixir realm, the meridians in his body had also been strengthened greatly. Therefore, although the amount of spiritual Qi was large, he could still bear it. He only felt that the meridians in his body were full.

The spiritual energy in his meridians quickly circulated along the path of the second level of the “great Dao Arts.” After one circulation, it entered his dantian, and a wisp of extremely pure vital Qi naturally appeared in his dantian.

Every time Yuan Qi was produced, the vortex that was spinning rapidly in his dantian would automatically produce a huge suction force and absorb the yuan Qi into the vortex.

The vital Qi Whirlpool grew bigger and bigger. Basically, no matter how much vital Qi was produced, the whirlpool could absorb it all. Hence, even though Xia ruofei was trying his best to absorb spiritual Qi to cultivate, he could still feel the emptiness in his dantian. It was as if he had been hungry for days and had a strong desire for vital Qi.

Countless spiritual Qi gushed in from the outside and surged in Xia ruofei’s meridians. He could feel the yuan Qi vortex in his dantian growing bit by bit. At the same time, he also felt his strength rising steadily.

For the first time, Xia ruofei had a direct understanding of the strength of an early – Stage golden elixir realm expert. He felt that he had been able to defeat Luo Qingfeng with the help of the array more or less due to luck. Even though he had broken through the bottleneck of the Qi refining stage at that time, his strength was obviously much weaker than it was now before he had formed the vital Qi vortex.

However, Xia ruofei also felt that Luo Qingfeng’s strength seemed to be weaker than what he had expected. He had not completely stabilized the vital Qi vortex and could not be considered to have entered the early stage of the Golden elixir realm. However, according to his judgment, his strength was already stronger than what Luo Qingfeng had shown that day.

Not only was Luo Qingfeng a true early – Stage golden elixir realm expert, but he had also broken through many years ago. Xia ruofei’s breakthrough had not even been completed.

The only explanation was that the essence Qi vortex formed by Luo Qingfeng was much worse in quality than the one Xia ruofei was trying to stabilize.

Of course, this thought flashed across Xia ruofei’s mind and he quickly focused on his cultivation.

Xia ruofei let go of all his worries and absorbed the spiritual Qi with all his might. The effect was that the spiritual Qi around his body temporarily had a hole. Of course, the spirit Qi from other places in the space was also being replenished quickly. The current concentration of spirit Qi was still enough to support his cultivation.

However, Xia ruofei’s cultivation speed of absorbing spiritual Qi was too fast. The spiritual Qi in the spirit map was consumed at a very fast rate, which naturally triggered the lowest level of array. Hence, the space began to absorb energy from the chaotic space outside the membrane wall and quickly transformed it into spiritual Qi.

The speed of absorbing energy from the chaotic space could not keep up with Xia ruofei’s cultivation speed. After all, the energy absorbed from the chaotic space needed to be transformed by the array in the space. It would take time.

In this way, the total amount of spiritual energy in the space was always in a slow process. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

For example, in the classic math problem, if there was a pool with water on the tap and water leaking out from the drainage valve, if the speed of adding water was slower than the speed of releasing water, the water level of the pool would naturally decrease slowly.

If the speed of descent was fast enough and the time was long enough, the water in the pool would definitely be drained dry.

Fortunately, the “pool” in the spirit map space had another tap besides absorbing energy from the chaotic space, which was the Paradise Island in the outside world.

Therefore, when the total amount of spirit Qi in the space continued to decrease, the low – Level array of the spirit map space also triggered the protective mechanism and began to absorb spirit Qi from the outside world.

What the spirit map space absorbed from the Peach Blossom Island was the rich spiritual energy, and the process of transformation was omitted. Naturally, the speed of energy absorption was much faster than that of the chaotic space.

Soon, with the two “faucets” supplying water continuously, the spirit Qi in the spirit map space stopped declining and began to slowly rise again.

Xia ruofei was so immersed in his cultivation that he didn’t notice anything. He was still fully operating the second level of the “great Dao Arts”. The spiritual energy in the space was also continuously pouring into his body, and it was constantly producing wisps of pure Yuan Qi in his dantian.

It was already late at night on the Peach Blossom Island.

However, other than the flight crew led by Liu An, who had already washed up and gone to bed early, no one else was sleepy.

Song Wei and Ling Qingxue were staying in different rooms tonight. It was a tacit understanding. After all, they had to practice the “absolute beginning Scripture” with Xia ruofei on the Peach Blossom Island. It would be inconvenient if they stayed together.

As for what would happen after the other party and Xia ruofei trained together, they both knew it. From their own point of view, they were all adults. Not only men, but women also had such needs. During their time in Spain, the two simply lived together because they were shy. After returning to the peach source Island, they had at least a reason that could convince themselves. Naturally, the two of them chose to live in their own rooms.