Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

2876 Achieving success in one stroke (2) Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Anyway, the reception rooms in this building were basically empty. Let alone one room per person, even if one person stayed in ten rooms, it would not be a problem to change rooms every hour.

At that moment, Song Wei and Ling Qingxue were both standing on the balcony of their room, looking towards the West of the island. Their faces were filled with worry.

Li Yifu and Zheng Yongshou had also been looking in the direction of Xia ruofei’s cultivation place. They were waiting in their rooms with anxiety.

After a while, Song Wei, Ling Qingxue, and the others raised their eyebrows in unison and looked to the West of the island.

At this moment, the spiritual Qi on the west side of the island had a huge fluctuation. Although Song Wei and the rest were not as powerful as Xia ruofei and they were so far away, they could still feel it.

Soon, all the spiritual Qi in the entire Paradise Island seemed to be circulating rapidly, rushing toward the core of the formation on the west side of the island.

When Xia ruofei was setting up the protective array for the spirit map, he also added a spirit gathering array around it.

After gathering for so many days, the spiritual energy on the Paradise Island was already very rich. Xia ruofei added another spiritual energy gathering array, which was equivalent to gathering the spiritual energy from other places, increasing the density of the spiritual energy.

When the spirit map space first started to absorb the spirit Qi from the outside world, it was like a whale swallowing.

This was because the spirit map space was not like cultivators who needed to circulate their cultivation techniques to absorb spirit Qi. The spirit map space was truly swallowing! No matter how much spiritual energy was absorbed, the spiritual energy stored would be the same. At most, it would be compressed a little.

Therefore, the absorption speed was quite terrifying.

Song Wei and the rest felt as if a black hole had formed in the direction where Xia ruofei was cultivating. The surrounding spiritual Qi was pouring in as if it was free.

Soon, they felt that the concentration of spiritual energy around them had a slight trend of decline. This speed was really terrifying. It should be known that the array of the Paradise Island was so large that the total amount of spiritual energy was quite considerable. Moreover, once the concentration of spiritual energy dropped, the spirit gathering array of the Taixu xuanqing array would immediately speed up its absorption. Under normal circumstances, when the concentration of spiritual energy reached an extreme, a dynamic balance would be formed.

Only when the speed of consumption was far greater than the speed at which the formation absorbed spirit Qi would the spirit Qi concentration of the entire Island begin to decline.

Everyone couldn’t help but wonder what Xia ruofei was doing. Could it be that breaking through to the Golden core stage would really cause such a big commotion?

Xia ruofei’s cultivation level was beyond the reach of Song Wei, Ling Qingxue, Li Yifu, and the others. They did not have a clear idea of what it was like to be in the early stage of the Golden core realm. Hence, they could only watch Xia ruofei’s situation with a trace of worry. At the same time, they were praying for Xia ruofei in their hearts.

Xia ruofei, who was in the spirit map space, was not in as much danger as everyone had thought.

However, the constant hunger in his dantian made him feel a little uncomfortable. No matter how many wisps of Yuan Qi He cultivated, the yuan Qi vortex in his dantian would absorb them all as if it would never be full.

Xia ruofei had no choice but to continue to operate the second level of the “great Dao Sutra” while absorbing the spiritual Qi in the space.

It could be said that Xia ruofei was absorbing countless spiritual Qi every second.

This was also due to Xia ruofei’s unique conditions. Otherwise, even a sect leader like Luo Qingfeng would not have so many resources for him to squander.

In fact, for Luo Qingfeng and most of the cultivators, even if the framework of the yuan Qi vortex was completed, the formation of the entire Yuan Qi vortex was not done overnight because the consumption of spirit Qi was too great.

Therefore, normal early jiedan stage cultivators would also spend a lot of time in the yuan Qi vortex stage, constantly producing Yuan Qi through cultivation, and at the same time, the yuan Qi would be absorbed by the vortex, making the vortex slowly grow stronger.

This process could last for months or even a year or two.

Before a cultivator successfully constructed a Yuan Qi vortex, the entire vortex would only enter and not leave. It would not form a normal energy circulation with the dantian and the body. Moreover, Yuan Qi was the purest energy in the cultivator’s body, so it led to a side effect. That was, during the period from the initial formation of the yuan Qi vortex to the complete stabilization, most cultivators would be as thin as a stick, like a skeleton.

This included Luo Qingfeng.

Xia ruofei didn’t know how ordinary cultivators formed their vital Qi Whirlpool. However, the second level of the great Dao technique didn’t mention it! Furthermore, the cultivation technique did not mention that this Yuan Qi vortex could be stabilized bit by bit and did not need to be completed overnight.

Even if Xia ruofei knew that he could take it slow, he would not choose this relatively safe path of cultivation if the conditions allowed it. The reason was simple. The constant hunger was too unbearable. Furthermore, if he stopped cultivating, the remaining Yuan Qi in his meridians, bones, and muscles would be sucked away and then swallowed into the yuan Qi vortex. This was also the reason why many cultivators at this stage were like skeletons. If Xia ruofei had known that he would end up like that, he would not have made the right choice.

In short, before the vital Qi vortex had completely stabilized, Xia ruofei had been constantly absorbing spiritual Qi for cultivation.

Of course, he could also feel that the yuan Qi vortex in his dantian was starting to stabilize bit by bit. He had not absorbed so much Yuan Qi for nothing.

Xia ruofei actually spent quite a long time cultivating this time. Fortunately, time was 30 times faster in the outside world than in the Archean realm. Hence, Song Wei and the others did not have to wait long in the outside world.

The concentration of spiritual Qi in the outside world had dropped to about half of its usual stable state, and the spiritual Qi in the spirit map space had also dropped due to the thinning of the spiritual Qi in the outside world. Xia ruofei finally felt that the vital Qi vortex had completely stabilized.

He had just produced a wisp of vital Qi from his cultivation. Although the vortex had also absorbed it, it had actually spat out half of it.

This wisp ... To be precise, it was half a wisp of Yuan Qi. It was floating outside the range of the yuan Qi vortex in his dantian space.

Xia ruofei was pleasantly surprised. This long cultivation process was finally coming to an end. He roughly estimated that if the vital Qi produced during this cultivation was not absorbed and compressed by the vortex but directly stored in his dantian, even ten dantians would not be able to contain it.

In other words, the yuan Qi vortex had successfully compressed the energy at least ten times, and the energy per unit volume was more than ten times higher than ordinary Yuan Qi. Compared to the true Qi before, the difference was even greater.

Xia ruofei could finally relax a little. He could also feel that the concentration of spiritual Qi in the spirit map space seemed to have decreased to a certain extent. However, the decrease was not very large and it was far from hurting the foundation of the space. Hence, he did not stop his cultivation immediately. Instead, he continued to operate the second level of the “great Dao technique” and continued to absorb spiritual Qi.

The reason was very simple. Although Lao AI’s yuan Qi vortex was finally full, his dantian was still empty! No matter what, he had to first fill up the yuan Qi in his dantian!

However, the hunger had started to ease, so Xia ruofei deliberately slowed down his cultivation speed. He steadily absorbed spiritual Qi and then produced vital Qi to fill the space in his dantian.

Xia ruofei slowed down the speed of absorption, which was a relief for the spirit map space. Under such circumstances, the spirit map space continued to absorb energy from the chaotic space and spiritual Qi from the outside world. Hence, the concentration of spiritual Qi in the space slowly stabilized.