Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

2877 The magical bead (1)

Xia ruofei cultivated for another two hours, and his dantian was finally filled.

Right now, in addition to the yuan Qi vortex that was emitting a terrifying aura, his dantian was also filled with wisps of extremely pure Yuan Qi.

Xia ruofei only stopped cultivating when he felt that his dantian had reached its limit.

In fact, he had already felt it. Although he had “fully charged” his dantian through more than two hours of cultivation, the essence Qi vortex was still devouring the essence Qi all the time. However, after the vortex had consolidated, the speed of devouring the essence Qi was no longer as fast as before. Instead, it had become a kind of nourishing and silent absorption. Although the speed was not fast, it was carried out at all times.

As a result, the yuan Qi in his dantian was still in a state of slow reduction. He needed to cultivate frequently to replenish it.

This was also a situation that all cultivators in the early stage of the Golden core realm would encounter. Xia ruofei had already understood it from the cultivation manuals. Moreover, the speed of the consumption of vital Qi was not very fast, so he was not worried at all.

In fact, he had hoped that his vital Qi would be consumed faster! Because after the yuan Qi vortex absorbed Yuan Qi, it did not absorb it for nothing. With every wisp of Yuan Qi absorbed, the vortex would grow a little stronger, and the final evolution form would naturally be a complete golden core. The faster one’s vital Qi was consumed, the faster one’s cultivation speed would naturally be.

Unfortunately, even a top cultivation method like the “great Dao Arts” could only rely on grinding at this stage. Unless there was a special encounter, it was difficult to take a shortcut.

After Xia ruofei stopped cultivating, he did not leave the spirit map space immediately.

He first inspected his body and checked the condition of his body. After the major realm breakthrough, especially during the process of constructing the yuan Qi vortex, his body had also been tempered to a large extent. The width and toughness of his meridians were now incomparable to when he had just broken through the bottleneck of the Qi refining stage.

In addition, the most obvious change was the increase in his strength. He could use the energy of the yuan Qi vortex at any time. Even if he didn’t use his Yuan Qi, the strength of his body alone was much higher than that of a cultivator at the Qi refining stage. He even felt a little unaccustomed to it. It seemed that he still couldn’t control the sudden increase in his strength freely and completely.

Finally, Xia ruofei carefully observed the vital Qi Whirlpool in his dantian.

In the early stage of the Golden core, the most important thing was this Yuan Qi vortex. The grade of the yuan Qi vortex would determine the quality of the Golden core formed in the future. Naturally, it would also determine how far the cultivator could go on this thorny road.

Basically, after the formation of the yuan Qi vortex, the upper limit of the cultivator’s golden core stage was already determined. Very few cultivators could form a high – Quality golden core after building a relatively garbage Yuan Qi vortex, unless they had a fortuitous encounter that completely changed their physique.

The so – called ninth – grade golden core actually referred to the grade of the yuan Qi vortex.

Xia ruofei followed the method described in the cultivation manual and observed the yuan Qi Whirlpool in his dantian with a trace of anticipation.

The structure of the yuan Qi vortex was compact and stable, and the power of Yuan Qi was very pure. From the outermost layer of the yuan Qi vortex, one could see wisps of Yuan Qi dissipating, each wisp containing a terrifying energy. When the yuan Qi vortex spun, it seemed to be able to devour a person’s soul, which made people’s hearts palpitate.

Xia ruofei was overjoyed. This was at least a third – grade Yuan Qi vortex!

He looked at the center of the whirlpool and realized that the black hole in the center was giving off a faint golden light.

For the center of the vortex to emit a golden light, this essence Qi vortex had to be at least at the eighth grade. In fact, most of the things that happened were at the ninth grade.

Thinking of this, Xia ruofei was even more delighted.

He thought to himself,”the great Dao Arts are indeed extraordinary. A top cultivation technique is indeed a top cultivation technique!” If he could form a ninth – grade golden core in the future, his future cultivation path would be much smoother!

Furthermore, a cultivator with a grade nine Yuan Qi vortex could even challenge a mid – Stage golden core cultivator at the early golden core stage. Their combat power was very shocking. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Xia ruofei continued to look at the vital Qi vortex and suddenly revealed a look of surprise. He found that in the center of the vital Qi vortex, where there was a faint golden light, there was a small bead floating steadily in the center. It was even spinning in the direction of the vortex.

This Pearl was purple – gold in color, and there was a faint purple – Gold light flowing on the surface.

Xia ruofei could feel the terrifying energy contained in the bead just by using his inner sight.

“What the hell is this?” Xia ruofei couldn’t help but Mutter to himself.

According to the basic knowledge of the Golden core stage that he had learned from the cultivation manual, this was not in line with the norm. Although the vital Qi vortex was very stable in structure, it was still made up of vital Qi. Xia ruofei had never heard of a vital Qi vortex that could condense into a solid.

Xia ruofei did not know if this was a good thing or a bad thing. However, he could feel that the structure of the vital Qi vortex was very stable. Although the purple – Gold pearl contained a terrifying amount of energy, it was completely controllable. There was no risk of accidentally blowing up his dantian. Thinking of this, he felt a little more at ease.

Xia ruofei searched through all the cultivation manuals related to the Golden core stage in his mind, but he could not find any description of the purple – Gold pearl. He could not think of anything either.