Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

2881 Overjoyed (1)

The building that was originally used as the project department’s building had now been designated as a comprehensive building by Xia ruofei. Other than a part of the floors being renovated into rooms of different grades, the rest of the floors would become the operation Center of the entire Peach Garden Island. All related staff would work there.

However, due to the location of the Paradise Island, the ordinary staff of the secular world were as simple as possible. This building was more than enough, and even the staff’s dormitories could be arranged in the guest rooms upstairs.

As for the name of the building, Xia ruofei did not name it because the company’s headquarters in China was called the Paradise building. He thought about it in his spare time and decided to use a simple yet Grand name to look down on the Yan Huang building.

All Chinese people were descendants of Yan Huang. On this Island that was thousands of miles away from home, naming it the Yan Huang building was a small way of remembering their family.

At this moment, in the Yanhuang building, Li Yifu, Song Wei, Ling Qingxue, and Zheng Yongshou, who had been taken in by Xia ruofei as his soul slave, were not sleepy at all. Everyone was paying attention to the situation on the west side of the island.

While Xia ruofei was absorbing a large amount of spiritual energy to form the yuan Qi Whirlpool, the spiritual energy on the Paradise Island was also consumed at an extremely fast rate. Especially since the time in the spirit map space was 30 times faster than the outside world, the spiritual energy consumed in the outside world for one minute was equivalent to the spiritual energy replenished in the spirit map space for half an hour.

In this way, the concentration of spiritual Qi within the range of the array on the Paradise Island dropped at an extremely exaggerated speed. In just one or two minutes, it had not even reached half of its original concentration.

It should be known that the area covered by the Taixu xuanqing formation was very large. Not only did it include the entire Paradise Island, but even a part of the sea outside the island was also within the scope of the formation. Although the spiritual energy in such a large area was different from the core of the formation, and the density of the spiritual energy was also somewhat different, on the whole, it was several times richer than the spiritual energy outside the formation. It could be called a paradise on earth. And in such a large area, the total amount of spiritual energy that had been condensed after such a long time was also an astonishing number.

In just one or two minutes, more than half of such a huge amount of spirit Qi had been consumed. This was completely beyond the knowledge of Li Yifu and the others. If they were to cultivate, they would probably not be able to absorb all of it in a year and a half.

Within the range of the array, it could absorb the free spirit Qi from the outside world at any time to purify and condense it, and constantly replenish it. Therefore, in theory, even if there were hundreds of cultivators at the same level as Li Yifu and Song Wei cultivating on the island at the same time, the array could basically maintain the dynamic balance of the total amount of spirit Qi.

To be able to cause an imbalance in the spiritual energy in just one or two minutes, and even lose more than half of it, what kind of terrifying absorption speed was that! Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Fortunately, due to the difference in the flow of time, this whale-like absorption did not last long. After a few minutes, when the concentration of spiritual energy in the outside world had actually dropped to a level not much higher than that of the spiritual energy outside the array, this terrifying absorption came to an abrupt end.

Of course, Xia ruofei had not stopped cultivating. However, he had already completed the formation of the vital Qi vortex and was only circulating his cultivation technique to fill his dantian, so he had slowed down his cultivation speed. The spirit map space could also absorb energy from the chaotic space outside the membrane wall to maintain a stable increase in the total amount of spiritual Qi. Naturally, he stopped the lower priority option of absorbing spiritual Qi from the outside world.

Li Yifu and the rest heaved a sigh of relief. At the same time, they were filled with anticipation. They thought that Xia ruofei’s closed-door cultivation should have ended. Although this ” closed-door cultivation ” was probably only about ten to twenty minutes, this included the time Xia ruofei went to the core of the array and stayed outside to set up the array. In reality, if the time he spent in the Archean realm was calculated at 30 times the normal speed of time, it would definitely be less than ten to twenty minutes in the outside world.

Li Yifu and the rest did not know about the existence of the spirit map space. Unlike Li Yifu, Song Wei and Ling Qingxue knew that Xia ruofei had array flags that could change the flow of time. Hence, they were not as surprised as Li Yifu when he swallowed the spiritual Qi so quickly. They also thought that Xia ruofei had finished his closed-door cultivation, but they thought that he had used the time array flags.

However, Li Yifu and the others waited for a few more minutes before they finally sensed a familiar aura flying over from the west side of the island.

Everyone revealed a trace of joy, and then came out of their rooms in unison. They took the elevator and quickly went downstairs, gathering at the door to wait.

As expected, Xia ruofei’s figure appeared in front of everyone very quickly.

Everyone felt their vision blur. Xia ruofei, who was a few hundred meters away, was now standing in front of them with a smile.

This speed had already exceeded everyone’s imagination.

Besides, Xia ruofei didn’t deliberately restrain his cultivation. Li Yifu and the others were all cultivators. Zheng Yongshou, who had the highest cultivation, had even reached refined Qi Level 7. Therefore, they immediately felt a strong pressure and felt a little breathless at that moment.

Li Yifu and the others immediately came back to their senses, and everyone revealed a look of surprise.