Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

2890 You don’t understand the world of geniuses_ Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

You don’t understand the world of geniuses

The blue travel immortal sword trembled slightly and obediently floated half a foot above the ground.

Xia ruofei did not hesitate. He leaped up and landed on the blue immortal sword deftly. At the same time, he poured his vital Qi into the flying sword and combined it with the blue immortal sword through a special technique. Instantly, a net – like vital Qi structure was formed on the body of the blue immortal sword.

With the help of this special net of vital Qi, the blue travel immortal sword only sank slightly and immediately stabilized.

Xia ruofei was like a child who had come into contact with a remote – controlled toy for the first time. With a trace of curiosity and exploration, he stepped on the blue travel immortal sword and felt it. He found that it was quite stable standing on it. It was actually in a state of floating half a foot above the ground, but he did not feel shaky. Although it was slightly different from stepping on the ground, it was not as unstable as he had imagined.

Besides, Xia ruofei also realized that as long as he used the sword control technique, the vital Qi web could change its range at will and even extend upwards to include himself.

Xia ruofei knew that it would be useful when flying at high speed. Otherwise, it would be very difficult to ride a flying sword in such a strong high – altitude wind. There was no comfort to speak of.

Luo Qingfeng had been watching from the side for a long time. When he saw that Xia ruofei had not moved after stepping on the flying sword, he thought that he was afraid!

This was also very normal. When cultivators in the early jiedan stage tried to ride a flying sword for the first time, many people were trembling with fear. This was because the vast majority of jiedan stage cultivators had not experienced the highly developed era of Science and Technology and had no experience of flying in the sky at all. Even if they had a Qingfu technique, it was a completely different thing from flying.

However, Xia ruofei was different. It was very common for modern people to travel by plane. Moreover, Xia ruofei had undergone strict training in the Army. There were even plane landing and parachute landing courses in the Special Forces. They were all high altitude courses, so Xia ruofei did not have a fear of heights.

He decided to try it out for the first time after feeling the feeling of flying in the air.

Xia ruofei silently circulated the sword – controlling technique and poured vital Qi into the blue immortal sword. The vital Qi He poured in traveled through the previously formed vital Qi net and was constantly accelerated. Finally, it spurted out at the end of the flying sword. Under the effect of this force, the blue immortal sword immediately moved forward smoothly.

Xia ruofei realized that the principle of sword Kinesis flight was similar to that of a rocket. They both used a backward force to push the flying sword forward.

The only difference was that sword Kinesis flight actually didn’t consume much energy. A wisp of his vital Qi, after being accelerated by a special technique, could give the flying sword a very strong kinetic energy. Besides, Xia ruofei could clearly feel that the sword Kinesis flight was very agile. Just by slightly changing the direction of the vital Qi jet, he could easily control the flying sword under his feet to rise, fall, turn, and so on.

In the beginning, Xia ruofei was only controlling the blue travel immortal sword to move it parallel to the ground at a height of half a foot. Although he had already familiarly memorized the sword control technique, this was his first time actually controlling it. However, after a short period of familiarization, Xia ruofei felt that he could control the flying sword more proficiently, so he began to try some more complicated movements.

Under the effect of the vital Qi net, his feet seemed to be stuck to the flying sword. Under his control, the blue travel immortal sword began to rise in the air, then turned and descended ...

Luo Qingfeng’s eyes widened when he saw that Xia ruofei was getting more and more skilled in the control.

Was this really his first time controlling a flying sword? Why wasn’t there any delay? Other than the time when Xia ruofei was standing on the flying sword in a daze, no one could tell that he was a newbie who was controlling a flying sword for the first time in his life.

In a short while, Xia ruofei had already controlled the flying sword to fly around the area several times, and its speed was getting faster and faster.

Xia ruofei was no longer satisfied with the simple controls. He smiled and released the vital Qi under his feet. The blue immortal sword suddenly made a sharp turn at a height of more than ten meters from the ground. Then, it shot straight into the sky. As it ascended rapidly, it flew above the sea outside the cliff.

The speed of Xia ruofei’s flying sword suddenly increased, and he suddenly made a difficult move, which shocked Luo Qingfeng. He subconsciously thought that Xia ruofei was unfamiliar with the control and had caused the flying sword to lose control.

“Ah!” Luo Qingfeng could not help but scream and quickly chased after him.

The next moment, Qingfeng Luo, who was standing at the edge of the cliff, opened his mouth wide. He did not even notice the fishy smell of the sea wind that was pouring into his mouth.

In front of him, the sword light danced. Xia ruofei controlled the blue travel immortal sword to ascend at high speed for a while and then dive down at high speed. He would also change directions suddenly at an extremely fast speed from time to time.

Xia ruofei was trying to control the flying sword to perform some of the stunts that he knew. What was the Cobra maneuver? what was the falling leaves? he treated himself and the flying sword as a stunt plane and flew out easily. He was having a lot of fun.

It took Luo Qingfeng a while to come back to his senses. He could not help but smile bitterly. Indeed, geniuses could not be measured by common sense. His master was clearly a rare genius. Even Luo Qingfeng himself might not be able to perform these frightening flight controls proficiently. However, Xia ruofei had easily achieved it on his first day of sword Kinesis flight. Wasn’t this infuriating?