Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

2908 Huafeng shipping’s trouble (1)

There was no need to open the box and check it personally, but Xia ruofei had said that it was just for show. Luo Qingfeng quickly said,””Yes! Master!”

He then ran over and opened the container door. Boxes of guns, bullets, grenades, bulletproof vests, and other auxiliary equipment appeared in front of them. These equipment were arranged in a very orderly manner and were all secured with straps to prevent them from slipping during the transportation process.

It was also Qingfeng Luo’s first time seeing a container. He finally had an intuitive impression of the volume of this batch of goods. He was also secretly speechless. Fortunately, the owner had a storage magical treasure with sufficient space. Otherwise, this ‘big iron box’ would not be able to fit in with his shabby storage ring.

Xia ruofei led Luo Qingfeng into the container. He opened a few boxes and played with the weapons and equipment inside.

This time, according to the request of the old company commander MA Deputy, Xia ruofei had equipped the guards with American – style equipment. When he was serving in lone wolf, he had the opportunity to come into contact with such equipment. After all, lone wolf was a special force. The tip of the knife. Although such American – style equipment would not be included in lone Wolf’s standard equipment, the members of lone wolf had to undergo training in using, dismantling, and assembling so that they would be able to use it in the future if their equipment was damaged or they ran out of ammunition and food. And when there was an opportunity to seize the equipment used by the enemy, the members of lone wolf could also use it skillfully.

Xia ruofei was holding an M4 submachine gun, the most commonly used weapon in the US military, and skillfully disassembled it into a pile of parts.

With Xia ruofei’s professional eyes, he could tell that this batch of equipment was brand new and of good quality. It seemed that the Smuggler’s price was high, but the goods were reliable. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Xia ruofei put the gun back into the box and opened the box to check the equipment.

This batch of equipment could be said to be a dazzling lineup with a wide range of categories. In addition to the M4, there were professional digital helmets, shoulder – mounted individual computers, U.S. Military – Standard night vision, SR 47 assault rifles, M82A1 anti – Armor rifles, some advanced anti – Armor weapons, wall detection devices, miniature drones, and so on. Of course, it also included the latest bulletproof vests, combat suits, and combat boots.

It could be said that this batch of equipment and weapons was enough to arm a 100 – man guard to the teeth. It would not be a problem to complete a normal island defense mission.

When Xia ruofei was serving in the Army, he liked to study the equipment of foreign armies. In the batch of equipment today, there were some of the latest standard equipment that had been updated in the past one or two years. Even Xia ruofei had not tried it himself, so he was interested in fiddling with it.

Luo Qingfeng was puzzled. He did not know why his master, a cultivator in the Golden core stage, would be so interested in weapons from the secular world.

Although the weapons developed by the secular world were indeed very powerful, for cultivators, their own strength was more important. Cultivators had a common understanding that relying on external forces was always a small way, and only when one’s own strength was strong could one be truly powerful.

As a cultivator who had been cultivating in the sect all year round and living a life of isolation, Luo Qingfeng found it hard to understand the true thoughts of Xia ruofei, who had been living in the secular world all this time.

Of course, Xia ruofei was not completely immersed in the fun of the new toy. In fact, he had been keeping his mental power in a state of radiation. On one hand, it was to prevent people from accidentally entering. After all, this batch of firearms was enough to equip a company. If news of such a large number of firearms piled up in the warehouse spread, it would definitely bring trouble to the Mexico Freemasons. On the other hand, Xia ruofei was mainly monitoring Zhang Chao’s situation with his spiritual power.

The warehouse was huge, but Xia ruofei’s spiritual power could cover an area of 10 kilometers. At his limit, he could barely cover an area of 15 kilometers. Hence, the building of the shipping company in front of him was naturally within Xia ruofei’s monitoring range.

……

Zhang Chao did have a headache.

To be more precise, this problem had been bothering him for a long time and had not been solved.

Today, the “special envoy” sent by Li Yifu was handing over the firearms, and things happened to come to his door again, making him very angry.

Zhang Chao’s troubles were actually very simple. Someone was interested in the Huafeng shipping company he was in charge of. To be precise, someone was interested in the land and warehouse of Huafeng shipping.

Huafeng shipping was a business owned by the Mexico gangsters. In a sense, Zhang Chao was just a professional manager.

However, the Hong sect was different from other companies. Zhang Chao, who was a disciple of the Hong sect in the middle level of the Mexico branch, had a high degree of loyalty. He would not sit by and watch the Hong sect’s business be taken over.

But the problem was that the person who had his eyes on this piece of land was a bit influential.

The other party was the famous Mexico drug lord gang, the Bay group.

Mexico was a strange country. In terms of combat power, the strongest wasn’t the Army or the police, but the big and small drug lord groups.

The level of military and police equipment in Mexico was considered relatively advanced among third world countries, but it was still a little inferior compared to drug lord groups. These drug lord groups were basically all equipped with American equipment. This was also the reason why Li Yifu had chosen to buy arms from smugglers in Mexico before. It could be said that American equipment was really rampant on this land.