Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

2909 Huafeng shipping’s trouble Part

The Gulf Group was one of the most powerful drug lord gangs in Mexico.

In order to fight against the military and police, the Gulf Group even set up a branch called loszetas. Loszetas could be called the Gulf group’s quasi – Military force. They were well – equipped and had very Advanced Tactical concepts. Even the Mexico Special Forces were not their match.

In fact, all the drug gangs in Mexico could easily destroy the Mexican army and police, especially when driven by profit. The government was also very corrupt, and many officials took the initiative to protect the drug gangs.

To exaggerate a little, the Mexico gangs had the ability to replace the government and become the president.

The reason why they didn’t dare to do so was nothing more than worrying about the intervention of international organizations, especially with the powerful neighbor, the United States, watching covetously. Once an external force intervened Mexico’s drug trafficking industry would suffer a heavy blow.

It was for this reason that the Mexico government could still survive until now. The big drug dealers would rather spend a lot of money bribing senior officials to maintain their drug chain than to replace them.

The most pitiful ones were undoubtedly the military and police who were fighting drug lords on the front lines. These people’s salaries were very low, but their work was extremely dangerous. According to statistics, since the rise of the Mexico gangs, tens of thousands of military and police had died at the hands of the gangs over the years. The number of murders in Mexico started in the tens of thousands a year, which showed the rampant power of the gangs.

It was the Qingqing Bay group, one of the top forces in the Mexico drug gang, that had their eyes on Huafeng shipping.

Although Mexico close to the United States states, and the Hong sect, whose headquarters was in the United States, had some power here, they still had a lot of legitimate businesses, such as Huafeng shipping. Compared with the drug lord groups that were unscrupulously engaged in the drug industry, the Hong sect’s military strength was definitely much weaker.

What’s more, the Gulf group’s power was spread all over Mexico, and many senior officials were their targets of bribery. As for the larger number of middle – and low – Level public officials, there were even more who acted as their umbrella.

Of course, the Bay group, which was as rich as a country, naturally wouldn’t think much of a small shipping company. The one who really wanted to take over the land and warehouse was the branch of the Bay group in quachakuros.

Even so, Zhang Chao was still under a lot of pressure.

In fact, the kuachakuros branch of the Gulf Group was interested in Huafeng shipping mainly because the location of the land was very good. It was just right from the port and the surrounding terrain was also very suitable. They wanted to take it down and use it as a drug transfer warehouse.

If it was a normal market acquisition, perhaps Zhang Chao would have agreed considering the huge power of the Bay group. After all, it was just a change of location to start a company. Although it was a little troublesome, there was no need to fight with the other party over this matter. It was not worth it. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

However, the other party’s appetite was huge. He wanted this piece of land, but he didn’t want to pay an equal price.

To put it bluntly, it was seizing by trickery.

The other party’s offer to Huafeng shipping was so low that it was outrageous. That little money could not even buy one – tenth of the land, not to mention that there was a huge warehouse and other ancillary buildings on the land.

Zhang Chao would definitely not agree to such a forceful purchase.

After he rejected the unreasonable request of the other party, he immediately used the Mexico and United States Hong sect to mediate, hoping to resolve the matter peacefully.

However, the Gulf Group didn’t give them any face at all. The entire Mexico was their home base, and they had the final say in this country. Not to mention, the management of Huafeng shipping was all Chinese. Although the entire company had an United States capital background, the shareholders were also some Chinese – Americans, so they were even more unscrupulous.

Zhang Chao’s coordination had no effect, and since he rejected the other party’s offer, Huafeng shipping continued to encounter various troubles and difficulties.

The Gulf Group had already bought over the entire Mexico government. It would be easy for them to get rid of a small shipping company with a Chinese background.

All kinds of inspections came unexpectedly, and in just a week, Huafeng shipping received several tickets.

Moreover, the company’s ships had also encountered various difficulties when they docked and resupplied.

Zhang Chao was in a terrible fix.

Today, when he was talking to Xia ruofei, his subordinate told him that the person in charge of the Bay group in the state of vilacru, irade, had personally come to negotiate with them and would be arriving at the shipping company soon.

The pressure on Zhang Chao doubled. Kuachakuros was a city under the state of veracru. In the beginning, the various means of the kuachakuros branch had already made Zhang Chao tired of dealing with them. Now, even the head of the state branch had come in person, which showed that the other party was determined to win, and it was obvious that they were using their power to oppress him.

Zhang Chao had no choice but to hand Xia ruofei over to Lu Chunfeng to receive him. He walked out of the reception room quickly and was ready to go out and welcome him.

As soon as Zhang Chao went out, the young man in the black leather jacket immediately greeted him.

“Qiang, Where are they now?” Zhang Weiwei asked with a frown.

The young man in a leather jacket, Qiang, quickly said,””Brother Chao, we’ve already passed the Port Road when we received the call. We should be here soon.”

Zhang Chao nodded and quickly walked out of the building.

Just then, a flashy fleet of cars drove into the shipping company’s courtyard.

In addition to the bulletproof version of the black extended Rolls – Royce, there were at least seven or eight black Hummer off – road vehicles, as well as some black cars of ordinary brands with government license plates.

Zhang Chao saw medel, the head of the bay group’s kuachakus branch, get out of the extended Rolls – Royce, walk quickly to the back door, and open the door politely.

A middle – aged white man in a black trench coat got out of the car. He had a high nose bridge and a gloomy face. He looked around the courtyard of Huafeng shipping.

At this time, the bodyguards in the hummers also got out of the car and quickly formed a protective circle around the two.

Looking at the situation, Zhang Chao knew that this white man in a black trench coat was most likely the head of the bay group’s vilacru state branch, ERAD.

At this time, the people in the accompanying official cars also got out of their cars. Zhang Chao glanced at them and couldn’t help but feel his head throb. These people all had extraordinary bearings. Zhang Chao knew some of them and had never seen some before. Among the people he knew were Sanchez, the female Deputy Mayor of kuachakuros, and Fernando, who he often saw on the TV news, the state Senator of veraculus.

So many officials and councilmen were obviously on the Bay group’s side.

Zhang Chao couldn’t help but worry, but since they had already come to his door, he could only brace himself and greet them first.

Mader, the head of the bay group’s quachakauxus branch, stood beside ERAD like a pug, while officials like Sanchez and Fernando also stood behind ERAD with great respect.

The Bay group’s main business was in the drug business, which was almost an open secret. Sanchez, Fernando, and the others represented the government, and now they were standing behind ERAD with their hands down like ERAD’s subordinates. This scene looked somewhat ironic.

However, Zhang Chao didn’t have the mood to laugh at the integrity of these officials. He was no longer a hot – blooded young man. In his eyes, there was nothing funny about this scene. Instead, it made him feel like a mountain of pressure was coming at him.