Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

2917 Sending Buddha to the West (2)

In just a few minutes, Zhang Chao had organized the staff. As for the things here, they didn’t have time to move them, so naturally, they didn’t want them.

“Mr. Xia, this old man, please get in the car!” Zhang Chao came over and said respectfully.

There was still a trace of apprehension in his heart. He was afraid that Xia ruofei would not leave due to his young age and would stay to fight to the death with the other party. If that was the case, the brothers of Huafeng shipping would not have abandoned Xia ruofei and escaped on their own. This was not in line with the rules of the martial arts world.

Besides, Xia ruofei had saved the lives of Zhang Chao and the others. If Xia ruofei insisted on staying, they might have to risk their lives to accompany him.

This was really “risking his life” to accompany a gentleman. In Zhang Chao’s opinion, staying meant losing his life. There would be no second result.

Fortunately, Xia ruofei was easy to talk to. He nodded and said,””Alright!”

Then, he brought Qingfeng Luo to the business car that Zhang Chao had specially prepared for them. The car was bulletproof and was relatively safer. In Mexico many rich people rode in bulletproof cars. After all, it was too dangerous outside. They might even encounter gangsters on the road, and one stray bullet could kill them.

After Xia ruofei and Luo Qingfeng got into the car, Zhang Chao waved his hand, and a fleet of more than a dozen cars, including the big truck carrying the firearms container, drove out of the shipping company’s yard.

Zhang Chao sat in the front passenger seat of Xia ruofei and Luo Qingfeng’s car. This business car was sandwiched in the middle of the convoy and quickly drove out of the courtyard.

Xia ruofei realized that after the fleet of cars left the gate, they quickly drove on different roads and left. He nodded in his heart. It seemed that Zhang Chao and the others were well – trained. No one could guarantee that the people from the Bay group were not monitoring them nearby, so it was naturally the best choice to disperse and evacuate.

Zhang Chao didn’t dare to stay in kuachakuros and had his brothers leave the port city in different directions.

Fortunately, the Hong sect had some influence in Mexico. Zhang Chao decided to let everyone go to the nearby isvatlan first. The two cities were very close to each other, almost connected. It was about a 40 – minute drive.

Zhang Chao’s plan was to take his brothers and hide in a safe house of the Hong sect in ishvartan. Then, he would find an opportunity to let everyone leave the country in batches. As for whether they would return to China or go to the United States, he would decide later. After all, they definitely could not stay in Mexico.

While Xia ruofei was in the car, he was thinking about how to help Zhang Chao solve this problem.

He ruled out the idea of asking Li Yifu to do it. If the Hong sect had a way, Zhang Chao could also ask the higher – ups of the Hong sect to do it. But now it seemed that Zhang Chao had given up on that idea.

In other words, if Xia ruofei were to look for Li Yifu, Li Yifu would definitely not refuse, but it would definitely put him in a difficult position. He might even have to personally deal with the people from the Bay group.

Rather than this, Xia ruofei might as well do it himself! After all, his cultivation level was much higher than Li Yifu ‘s!

Xia ruofei’s second plan was actually simple and brutal. He would simply wipe out all the executives of the Bay group, including ERAD, who had to endure humiliation to escape today.

At that time, the Gulf Group would be in a mess, and ERAD was already dead. Other forces would definitely take advantage of the chaos to gain benefits and even re – divide the power Map. How would they have the time to deal with Huafeng shipping? Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

This plan was the simplest and most effective one. For Xia ruofei, it was not too difficult to do.

No matter how arrogant these drug dealers were or how powerful they were, they were just a group of ordinary people. With Xia ruofei’s current cultivation and power, he could kill them without them noticing.

However, this method was a little cumbersome and time – consuming.

To be honest, it was not impossible, but Xia ruofei found it troublesome.

Of course, there was a simpler way, which was to find the highest leader of the Bay group, control him, and make him a soul slave.

Since boss had become Xia ruofei’s servant, Zhang Chao and the others would not have any trouble.

However, Xia ruofei’s soul seal had a limited quota. To put it bluntly, not everyone could become a soul slave. Xia ruofei felt that it was not worth it to waste a slot for such a small matter.

Along the way, Xia ruofei had been thinking about what solution he should use to solve the problem. It would not be too troublesome and would solve the problem once and for all.

All of a sudden, Xia ruofei had an idea.

He thought of the American called Charlie cohe, whom he had casually saved from the sea last night.

Xia ruofei had no interest in investigating who Charlie was. However, he had overheard most of the conversation between Charlie and his brother when he was hiding beside the yacht yesterday. So, he had some understanding of this guy.

At least one thing was for sure, and that was that Charlie was extremely rich. A yacht that cost more than a billion dollars was nothing, but according to the conversation between the two brothers, Charlie’s assets were in the hundreds of billions of dollars level, which meant that he was one of the top super – rich people in the world.

Of course, having money didn’t mean that one had enough influence to solve problems, especially when the opponent was a Mexico drug lord. But one thing was for sure, the person who could solve this problem couldn’t be poor.

Hence, Xia ruofei decided to give it a try and find Charlie.

It would be best if it worked, but if it didn ‘t, Xia ruofei wouldn’t lose anything. At most, he would be in a bit of trouble, but it would solve the problem.

In short, Xia ruofei felt that he could not just leave them be. This was against his principles.

Therefore, Xia ruofei immediately took out the pure gold Business Card that Charlie had given him from the space. His movements were very small, and he took it out with a flip of his hand. Zhang Chao, who was sitting in the front row, did not notice it at all. Luo Qingfeng, who was beside him, already knew that he had a large “storage magical treasure”, so there was no need to hide from Luo Qingfeng when he took things from the spirit map space.

Xia ruofei took out his phone and dialed the only number on the card.

After the call was dialed, there was no response for a long time. He did not hear the other party’s ringing sound, and no one answered. Just as Xia ruofei thought that there was something wrong with the number and was about to hang up, the phone finally rang.

Xia ruofei thought to himself,”why is this American’s phone so slow?”

What Xia ruofei did not know was that Charlie was still in the middle of the ocean and his phone had no signal. It was just that Charlie’s phone number had been specially processed. If it was turned off or there was no signal, it would be automatically transferred to a satellite phone dedicated to him, similar to a call transfer function.

No matter where Charlie went, there would be a staff member in charge of carrying this satellite phone. This also ensured that no matter where he was in the world, as long as the satellite signal was not blocked, he would not miss any important calls. The number printed on the business card he gave Xia ruofei was only known to very important or close people. There were less than 15 people in the world who had this business card and knew this number. Once someone found him through this number ... It must be an important call.

Since the other party’s phone was already ringing, Xia ruofei naturally would not hang up. He put the phone to his ear and waited patiently.

The phone rang five or six times. Just as Xia ruofei was starting to get impatient, the other party finally picked up ...