Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

2918 Race against time (1)

The call went through, but Xia ruofei could hear loud noises coming from the phone.

Xia ruofei could not help but frown. He thought to himself,”this American is a billionaire. Why is his phone so lousy?”

However, he didn’t have the time to care about that. He asked in English,””Is it Charlie Koch?”

“Huhu ... I ... It’s not convenient right now ... Huhu ... Answer! Wait ... Later ... Huhu ... For you ... To come back ... Huhu!”

Intermittent sounds came from the phone, mixed with the loud noise of the wind.

Xia ruofei could barely hear what the other party was saying, but the other party hung up the phone after he finished speaking.

Xia ruofei could not help but feel a little embarrassed. He wanted to try and see if he could take a shortcut, but he did not expect this American to be so bad. After all, he was his Savior! You’re not going to admit it?

It was a good thing that Xia ruofei did not tell Luo Qingfeng and Zhang Chao about this before he called. Otherwise, it would have been even more awkward.

Since this Charlie was not reliable, Xia ruofei gave up on the idea of taking a shortcut. He secretly decided to find a quiet place to store the firearms in the realm after reaching isvatlan. Then, he would bring Qingfeng Luo along to investigate the Bay group’s situation and wipe out their higher – ups once and for all, solving the problem once and for all.

Hence, Xia ruofei kept his phone, leaned back, and closed his eyes.

……

At this moment, near the sea where the yacht had sunk last night, Charlie Koch had just been hoisted onto the first rescue helicopter that had arrived at the scene with the help of rescue personnel.

After the rescue team confirmed his identity, they were all very excited. He was a billionaire! After receiving his message for help last night, a large number of rescue forces began to rush to the sea area. On the one hand, this person’s identity was too prominent, and all parties attached great importance to him, afraid that he would die at sea. On the other hand, everyone also knew that whoever saved him first would mean a super generous reward, and who knew, they might even become successful in the future.

And now, they could already confirm that their rescue team had taken the lead.

Several professional rescue ships set off at the same time last night, but the sea was too far away from the United States, so even after a night’s journey, not a single rescue ship arrived at the coordinates where the distress signal was sent.

However, the rescue ships were equipped with advanced rescue helicopters, which could greatly expand the search radius.

Although there was a signal transmitter that continuously sent out coordinates, the coordinates could only confirm a rough range. In the vast sea, to find a small lifeboat like the target actually required some luck. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

The luck of this rescue helicopter was clearly not bad. In their first flight, they actually managed to find Charlie Koch. Even they themselves could not believe it.

It was only when the rescue team descended and brought Charlie cohew onto the helicopter that everyone could confirm that they had indeed saved him.

The captain of the helicopter immediately sent a message to the rescue ship through radio. After all, there were several rescue forces at sea at the same time, and at least six or seven helicopters were searching the nearby waters. Now that the person had been rescued, the other rescue forces could naturally return. The rescue ship that the helicopter belonged to had to make full preparations, including the medical staff and psychologists on board. There were also some living security facilities that had to be prepared in advance.

Charlie’s mind was actually quite calm. To be honest, he didn’t have the ecstasy of surviving a disaster, because this ecstasy had already appeared last night, and he had long since recovered his calm.

As for floating on the sea to wait for rescue, Charlie was actually very clear that it was a high probability that the rescue team would find him. The only difference was just a matter of time. The resources on his lifeboat were enough to support him for many days, so it was not a big problem for him whether he was able to find him earlier or later.

What Charlie was thinking about now was how to deal with the curiosity of the public and the media after returning to the United States after all, everyone except himself had lost their lives on this trip to the sea. It could be said to be an out – and – out tragedy.

After sitting in the rescue helicopter and fastening his seat belt, Charlie thought of the satellite phone call he had received when he was being lifted up from the lifeboat to the helicopter with the help of the rescue team.

At that time, he was hanging in the air with a helicopter hovering above him. His ears were filled with the sound of the wind and he couldn’t hear the voice on the phone at all. However, he knew that the person who could make this call was probably someone close to him, so he told the other party that he would call back when it was convenient for him. After that, he hung up Yingying. After all, he couldn’t hear what the other party said at all in that situation.

Now that he had settled down in the helicopter, the pilot had already flown the helicopter back. Soon, he would be able to board the rescue boat and return to the United States it could be said that he was basically safe now.

Charlie relaxed a little, so he picked up the satellite phone and was ready to check who had called just now.

The satellite phone showed that the call was transferred through his personal phone, which meant that the other party was calling his personal phone and was automatically transferred to the satellite phone because there was no signal.