Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 294: Chapter 290 – 1

Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

When they returned to the hotel, the security level had been raised a lot. The floor where elder song was staying was also cordoned off. Elder song’s schedule was no longer confidential, so director Lu didn’t hide the hotel where elder song was staying from the southeast province. Before everyone returned to the hotel, the local police and armed police had already implemented the highest level of security measures. It was back to the familiar rhythm, no longer as leisurely as when he first arrived. Elder song felt a little helpless. They had not rested for the whole day. They took the train, went to xiakeng village to pay their respects, looked for li Zhifu ... And finally, they had experienced a farce played by ignorant and fearless local ruffians. Everyone felt a little tired. Eccentric song was an old man in his eighties, so he was naturally a little dispirited. Therefore, after returning to the hotel, everyone went back to their rooms to rest. Song Rui was staying in elder song’s suite. The suite had a master bedroom and three secondary bedrooms. This arrangement made it easier for song Rui to take care of his grandfather. Xia ruofei and Xu Wu’s rooms were on the left and right side of the suite. They returned to their own rooms. Now that the security level of the hotel had been raised to the level where national leaders stayed, Xia ruofei and the others could rest in peace. Only manager Lu was busy with the southeast province and Songping city’s relevant leaders, who were still on their way to Wuyi Mountain. Elder song could take a rest and wait until tomorrow to meet the relevant leaders. After all, his rank was there, and he had encountered such a big incident today. In addition, he was already old, so no one would think that he was putting on airs. However, as elder song’s Secretary, manager Lu had to meet with the relevant leaders today and report the situation to the southeast province authorities. Both sides had to exchange some opinions. After Xia ruofei returned to his room, he first used his mind to check to make sure that there were no problems with the animals and plants in the space. Then, he began to practice the first set of movements demonstrated by the little golden man in the stone tablet. This time, he had learned his lesson and did not practice on the bed. Xia ruofei was wearing long johns as he sat on the floor of the room. Opposite him, there was a clock on the wall where he could conveniently count the time. He was very familiar with that strange – looking pose. The familiar pain hit him again. He felt as if all the meridians in his body were burning. However, it was this pain that stimulated the activity of every cell in his body. Every part of his body was experiencing a Nirvana rebirth. Three minutes. Five minutes passed. Six minutes ... This time, Xia ruofei persisted for a full seven and a half minutes. It was two minutes longer than the time when he was practicing in Ling Qingxue’s room. Of course, for the past week, Xia ruofei had been practicing diligently every day. The amount of time he could persist was gradually increasing and it was not achieved overnight. In the beginning, Xia ruofei could extend the time for each practice. However, as the number of practices increased, the improvement decreased. For example, today’s practice was only ten seconds longer than yesterday ‘s. However, Xia ruofei was clear that ten seconds on the basis of seven minutes and half a minute on the basis of five minutes were completely different. This action was undoubtedly more difficult the longer he persisted, and the more his body was trained. He had a faint feeling that if he continued to practice, he would soon reach a bottleneck. Perhaps when that time came, the time he could hold on would reach a limit, and he might not even be able to hold on for a second more. However, once he broke through this bottleneck, it might mean that he had completed the first set of movements. At that time, it was very likely that he would be able to come into contact with information about the second set of movements. Xia ruofei had always felt that the nine sets of movements were in his mind, but for some reason, the later ones were “blocked”. Xia ruofei stood up and realized that the amount of impurities discharged from his body had decreased. Of course, he knew that this didn’t mean that the effect of the practice had decreased, because he knew his body best. Every time he finished practicing, he felt as light as a swallow, and the feeling of his body being filled with explosive power made him feel that he had improved. The fact that there were fewer impurities meant that his body had already been purified to a certain extent, close to the limit of what the first set of movements could purify. As soon as he got out of that weird position, the pain in his body would disappear without a trace. It would be replaced by a lazy and comfortable feeling, which made Xia ruofei feel addicted. He went to the bathroom to take a thorough shower. Then, he washed his long johns that were stained with black impurities and changed into clean pajamas. After Xia ruofei hung the clothes on the balcony, he gave Ling Qingxue a call. The two of them talked a lot of sweet nothings. Xia ruofei naughtily said that after returning from Wuyi Mountain, the two of them would have a good chat. Ling Qingxue could naturally understand what Xia ruofei meant and was extremely shy for a moment. After Xia ruofei returned to his room, he immediately went to bed and quickly fell into a deep sleep. …… That night, the leaders of the southeast province and Songping city rushed to Mount Wuyi. However, Xia ruofei had already gone to bed. Manager Lu was the one who received them. The next morning, after breakfast, elder song met with the southeast Provincial Party Committee’s political and legal secretary, Lei Yong, and the others. This time, Xia ruofei was also present. When Lei Yong and the rest arrived, Xia ruofei was taking elder song’s pulse. As soon as Lei Yong entered the room, he immediately reflected on his actions. Du Xiaohai, the Secretary of Songping city and the Secretary of Wuyi Mountain, came in with him. The others didn’t even have the right to be met by elder song. Elder song had been very magnanimous about the fact that they had been attacked. He didn’t say anything harsh, but he had made a clear request to punish those lawless ruffians. When it came to li Zhifu, elder song wasn’t as calm. Elder song explained in detail what li Zhifu had encountered during this period of time, then said,””A 90 – year – old man who is also a master in tea making was threatened by a group of hooligans. I feel that the local government is not doing their job well! This isn’t just a problem of Social Security, it also involves the inheritance of tea culture. ” Elder song took a sip of tea and continued,””It can be said that li Zhifu is definitely a representative of the rock tea of Wuyi Mountain. His unique tea – making skills are an extremely valuable intangible heritage. Such a person took the initiative to withdraw from the tea industry for as long as ten years because of the environment. Is there a phenomenon of inaction in our party Committee and government? Is there any chaos in our tea industry that needs to be dealt with? this is worth thinking about, comrades!” By the time elder song finished speaking, du Xiaohai’s back was already drenched in cold sweat ...