Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

2935 Returning to the house (2)

Although Qingfeng Luo was already in the early stage of the Golden core realm, he had not broken through to the fourth level of the Qi refinement realm from scratch in a year when he was still in the Qi refinement realm. He had never even heard of it, let alone experienced it.

Xia ruofei laughed and said,”look at your adopted husband and Qingfeng’s expressions ... You and Weiwei’s cultivation speed is already fast enough.” Believe me, if we continue to work hard at this speed, the Golden core stage won’t be too far away!”

Xia ruofei was not simply encouraging Ling Qingxue. In fact, as his cultivation level improved, he would be able to obtain more resources in the future. It could be said that other than Ling Qingxue and Song Wei’s cultivation techniques being inferior to his, their cultivation conditions were better than when he had first started cultivating.

For example, the Taixu xuanqing formation on the Peach Blossom Island. Xia ruofei could not enjoy such an environment back then.

Besides, Xia ruofei’s cultivation had already broken through a major realm. In the future, when he practiced the “absolute beginning Scripture” with Song Wei and Ling Qingxue, he would be of great help to them. Naturally, their cultivation speed would be faster.

Everyone stood in front of the building and chatted for a while. Xia ruofei said,””Foster husband, I’m going to put the equipment we brought back from Mexico in place. By the way, has the Guard’s military camp been built?”

“It’s been built according to your instructions,”said Li Yifu quickly. The guards are stationed at the former mercenary camp. Many of the buildings and facilities are already there. They only need to make some modifications to the original foundation, and they have all been completed now!”

“Very good!” Xia ruofei nodded and said,”let’s go! Let’s go and take a look!”

Ling Qingxue and Song Wei had a lot of free time on the island, so they naturally followed along.

The Paradise Island was not big, and Xia ruofei wanted to patrol the area to see if there was anything that needed to be improved, so he decided to walk.

The group walked for more than ten minutes and arrived at the guard station set up in the forest.

As the previous group of mercenaries had been stationed here, the watchtowers, barracks, and fortifications were all ready. In order to make it more suitable for the guards to be stationed here, some modifications had been made later on. Now, in the eyes of a professional like Xia ruofei, the military camp was basically complete.

Xia ruofei had specially designed two sturdy cement rooms as weapon and equipment warehouses. The two warehouses had thick reinforced concrete walls and sturdy iron doors. They were also equipped with advanced password locks and many surveillance cameras. The walls were also connected with barbed wire. The electricity on Xuanji Island mainly relied on solar and wind power, so it was basically self – sufficient. If the weather was bad and there was a power shortage, the cave shelter had a diesel generator set. It could provide power to the entire Island in an emergency.

In fact, when Peach Blossom Island was still called green cloud Island, the Liu family had already spent a lot of time and money to transform it. Now, there was no problem with water and electricity on the island. In addition, there was also a small water treatment plant that could process the sewage produced every day. It could be said that there were no other problems in life except for the domestic garbage that needed to be transported out of the island to be dealt with.

For the rich who could afford to enjoy private islands, the garbage disposal fee, which was very expensive in the eyes of ordinary people, was naturally nothing.

Of course, in order to maintain the normal operation of the island, a lot of staff was needed. This included the water treatment plant, the airport, and other places that needed professionals to take up positions. In addition, there was also cleaning of the environment, maintenance of water and electricity facilities, road maintenance, and so on. These positions were indispensable.

Li Yifu walked over and opened the password lock. There was a small courtyard inside, and the entire Equipment Warehouse was a small two – story building. A squad would be assigned to guard the first floor in the future, while the two rooms on the second floor were naturally for storing weapons and equipment.

Xia ruofei and the rest entered the room in a single file. They went straight through the courtyard and took the stairs to the second floor. Li Yifu opened the lock on the warehouse door.

Xia ruofei took a look and realized that the warehouse had been installed with rows of steel frames and gun cabinets. The doors and windows of the warehouse were also very sturdy. There were also sensors installed on the doors and windows. Once someone broke in, the alarm would make a piercing sound.

Iron doors, iron windows, iron cabinets, and alarms. This was completely built according to the standard of “three iron and one weapon” in the Army’s weapons and equipment Warehouse.

Xia ruofei nodded in satisfaction.

He did not enter the warehouse directly. Instead, he stood in the corridor outside the door. With a thought, he took out the large container from the spirit map space and placed it in the small courtyard on the first floor.

Ling Qingxue, Song Wei, and Li Yifu were all amazed when they saw Xia ruofei take out such a huge container from his storage space. Even Luo Qingfeng, who had seen it before, could not help but look envious.

Xia ruofei didn’t go downstairs. Instead, he controlled his spiritual power and went over. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

In an instant, the lock of the container in the first – Floor yard was unlocked, and the door of the container opened by itself.

Then, Xia ruofei waved his hand and all the weapons and equipment in the container flew out of it as if they were caught by an invisible hand. They flew up to the second floor and entered the weapons warehouse like a long Dragon.

Then, there was no need for anyone to organize them. Under Xia ruofei’s control, the weapons and equipment flew directly to the iron shelves and cabinets. All the equipment was arranged in their respective positions according to their different models.

Song Wei, Ling Qingxue, and the rest were all stunned. Even Luo Qingfeng looked at Xia ruofei with a shocked expression. Xia ruofei’s little trick actually required a very strong spiritual power and a very detailed control.

Looking at Xia ruofei’s relaxed expression, Luo Qingfeng knew that he had not used his full strength. From this move alone, it could be seen that Xia ruofei’s spiritual power cultivation and control of spiritual power were stronger than his, a golden core cultivator who had broken through many years before Xia ruofei.

From the time Xia ruofei took out the container to the time he arranged all the weapons and equipment neatly, the entire process only took two minutes.

With another thought, Xia ruofei kept the empty container into the spirit map space. The Qingqing Guard’s military camp was not big to begin with, and this weapons and equipment Warehouse was even smaller. The container alone took up more than half of the courtyard’s space, so naturally, Xia ruofei would not leave it outside to get in the way. Instead, he kept it directly into the spirit map space.

Anyway, there was a lot of space. If the container was useless, he could just sink it to the bottom of the sea the next time he flew out on his sword.

Ling Qingxue and the others couldn’t help but take a look around the weapons and equipment Warehouse. They saw that the shelves and cabinets were filled with equipment, and they were all neatly arranged. Even the grenades were placed in fixed positions. The empty boxes were piled up in a corner of the warehouse. There were also shiny firearms placed neatly on the gun rack. Even the crosshairs were aligned in the same direction.

Everyone was amazed. At the same time, as cultivators, they had been taught a lesson by Xia ruofei. They now had a direct understanding of how high one’s spiritual power could be and the importance of it.

While everyone was looking around, Xia ruofei was not idle. He stood at the entrance of the equipment Warehouse, took out his phone, and dialed the number of the old company commander, ma su.

“President Xia, you’ve finally remembered us!” Ma Jia answered the phone and said half – jokingly.

Xia ruofei laughed and said,”old company commander!” From your tone, why do I feel that my comrades are not having a good time in the three mountains? Was the guarantee at Taoyuan farm not in place? I’ll call them immediately to criticize them!”