Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

2944 Returning to China (1)

Two days later, the small – scale auction that Luo Qingfeng had mentioned would be held in Shuangqing city in Huaxia. Xia ruofei had finally managed to sort out the work on Paradise Island before he returned to Huaxia.

On the night the guards arrived, Xia ruofei went to Ling Qingxue’s room to practice the “absolute beginning Heart Sutra” with her. After that, there was naturally no lack of a storm. In the second half of the night, he sneaked into Song Wei’s room again. He cultivated and rolled around in the sheets. After all this, the sky was already starting to brighten.

Even though Xia ruofei was as strong as an ox, he could not help but feel weak when he left Song Wei’s room and returned to his own room.

The reason why he worked so hard was because he was going to be separated from Song Wei and Ling Qingxue for a short time.

Today, the two of them would be returning to Huaxia with Xia ruofei, but they would not be going to Shuangqing city with him.

Luo Qingfeng’s invitation only allowed three people to attend. Xia ruofei and Luo Qingfeng would definitely attend. If the remaining spot was reserved for two close female friends, then it would not be appropriate for either of them to go. In addition, the two of them had left Huaxia for quite some time. During this period, they had even accompanied Xia ruofei to Spain. After all, Ling Qingxue still had to help Ling Xiaotian run the company. As for Song Wei, she had yet to complete her studies, so it was time for them to return.

Xia ruofei thought about it and finally decided to bring Li Yifu along.

As for the peach source Island, Zheng Yongshou and bainilatti would be temporarily in charge.

Zheng Yongshou’s array talent was very high, and his cultivation had also reached refined Qi Level 7, much higher than Li Yifu ‘s. Therefore, in theory, Zheng Yongshou was more suitable to control the Taixu xuanqing formation when Xia ruofei was not on the Peach Blossom Island. It was also much easier for him to learn how to control the formation disk than Li Yifu.

However, Xia ruofei had chosen Li Yifu after considering his family.

In fact, because of the soul seal’s control, it was impossible for Zheng Yongshou to betray Xia ruofei. In a sense, he was even more reliable than Li Yifu.

This time, when Xia ruofei went to the auction, the extra spot was finally decided to be given to Li Yifu with the intention of letting Li Yifu gain some knowledge.

After all, even though Li Yifu was also a cultivator, he had been cultivating by himself for decades. In fact, he had no contact with the cultivation world in Huaxia. His understanding of the cultivation world was not even as good as Xia ruofei ‘s. After all, Xia ruofei could understand the cultivation world through the records in the ancient books in the Jade talisman of inheritance.

As for the tasks that Xia ruofei had assigned to Li Yifu, including the recruitment of more staff, they did not need to be done on Peach Blossom Island. Li Yifu’s main task was to contact people. It was the same no matter where he was. He would leave the Peach Blossom Island to accompany Xia ruofei and Luo Qingfeng to Shuangqing city. It would not affect anything.

Before Xia ruofei left, he specially called Zheng Yongshou over and personally taught him how to control the formation disk.

Zheng Yongshou’s talent was indeed outstanding, and although he could not fully exert the full function of the great formation by using the formation disk to control the Taixu xuanqing formation, it was relatively easy to control, so he did not spend much time and easily mastered it.

When Zheng Yongshou learned that Xia ruofei wanted him to stay and guard the Paradise Island, he was suddenly overwhelmed with emotions. He quickly promised Xia ruofei that he would be on guard at all times to ensure the safety of the Paradise Island.

Xia ruofei did not doubt Zheng Yongshou’s loyalty. He only emphasized that the island’s staff, including the guards, were all ordinary people. He asked Zheng Yongshou not to beat, scold, or insult these staff at will, and even more so not to kill indiscriminately. These cultivators had a low legal awareness. Xia ruofei was worried that when he was not around, if anyone annoyed Zheng Yongshou and caused him to have murderous thoughts, things would be troublesome.

Xia ruofei specifically emphasized that Zheng Yongshou must not be beaten or scolded, let alone killed at will. He was not even allowed to reveal his identity as a cultivator in front of ordinary people. He could not let these ordinary people feel the existence of the group of cultivators. He also told Zheng Yongshou that the guards were his old comrades and had a good relationship with him. This way, Zheng Yongshou would not dare to be rash.

Zheng Yongshou naturally didn’t dare to have any doubts about Xia ruofei’s instructions. He immediately patted his chest and promised that he would carry out Xia ruofei’s request. In the absence of a strong enemy invasion, he would obediently stay on the island and cultivate. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Xia ruofei called Ma Jia over and told him that he would be leaving the peach source Island for a while. Zheng Yongshou would be in charge of this period of time and he introduced the two of them to each other.

Xia ruofei specifically said that if the special situation that he had mentioned yesterday happened, Zheng Yongshou would send out the alarm signal, and ma su would lead the security team to organize everyone to evacuate to the shelter as fast as possible.

It would be best to have a drill with the existing personnel in the next two days.

Of course, Xia ruofei had also specifically told ma su that everyone on the island had to evacuate except for Zheng Yongshou.

Although Xia ruofei’s instruction seemed very strange to Ma Jia, he did not hesitate and nodded to show that he understood.

In the end, Xia ruofei handed over all the external communication and purchasing matters to the local snake, beniladi.

In other words, during the days when he was away from Paradise Island, Zheng Yongshou would be in charge of the entire Paradise Island, while ma su and benilatti would be equivalent to auxiliary Deputy roles.

After settling all these matters, Xia ruofei brought Song Wei, Ling Qingxue, Li Yifu, and Luo Qingfeng to the airport of Peach Blossom Island.

Paradise had been parked in the hangar of Paradise island’s airport during this period of time. Liu An and the crew stayed on a nearby resort island.

The flight crew had been notified yesterday and had applied for a flight route overnight. They returned to Paradise Island early in the morning.

When Xia ruofei and the rest arrived at the landing area, the flight crew had already checked the plane and made preparations for take – off.

As soon as the five of them got on the plane, paradise immediately closed its hatch and slowly slid out of the plane. Paradise airport was probably the most leisurely airport in the world. There might not be a single plane taking off or landing for several days in a row, so there was no flow control, take – off interval, and so on. As long as the weather and flow of traffic at the destination airport were not controlled, they could take off at any time.

Xia ruofei waved at ma su, Zheng Yongshou, and benilati, who were standing on the tarmac to send him off, through the porthole.

Ma su and the others didn’t go back immediately. Instead, they watched the plane slowly taxied all the way to the end of the runway, then accelerated, took off, and finally flew into the sky in the morning sun, disappearing from their sight. Only then did they return to their respective posts and take charge of the daily operation of the Peach Blossom Island.

The only bedroom at the back of the cabin was naturally left for the two ladies. Xia ruofei, Luo Qingfeng, and Li Yifu sat in the middle of the cabin.

However, the comfort level of private planes was very high. The real leather airline seats could be completely reclined to become a single bed, so it didn’t matter where one sat. Moreover, the three of them were cultivators. It was nothing for them to not sleep for a few days.

Xia ruofei and the other four took the public jet, paradise, and as usual, they landed in Australia to refuel before flying all the way to Sanshan International Airport in China.

Xia ruofei had taken this route many times. In the past, Xia ruofei did not feel much about it. He even thought it was quite convenient. After all, if he didn’t have a private jet, he would have to transfer planes many times from China to Peach Blossom Island, and he would have to transfer to a passenger ship. That would be a real hassle!

However, this time, Xia ruofei was on the same plane and on the same route, but he clearly felt that the plane was not that convenient!

The most intense feeling he had was that it was too slow.

If he were to ride a flying sword, he would probably be able to arrive in seven or eight hours.

In fact, the Gulfstream G650’s cruising speed was faster than an ordinary commercial plane. However, Xia ruofei secretly compared it to sword Kinesis flight and immediately felt that this plane was really too slow.

However, on this trip back to Huaxia, apart from him and Qingfeng Luo, there were also three low – Level cultivators, Li Yifu, Song Wei, and Ling Qingxue. They had no other choice but to take a plane.

Even Xia ruofei and Luo Qingfeng could fly with people, but it was still a little tiring to carry three people. Not to mention, it would consume more energy than flying alone. They would probably have to rest two or three times on the way back to Huaxia. They were exhausted.

Since he had no other choice, Xia ruofei could only endure the “turtle speed” of the plane.

Fortunately, the time was not very long, and everyone was a cultivator. If they sat in their seats with their eyes closed to regulate their breathing, time would still pass relatively quickly.

At about eighto’ clock in the evening in China, paradise smoothly landed on the runway of Sanshan International Airport.

After taxiing to the parking lot, Xia ruofei asked Luo Qingfeng and Li Yifu to wait on the plane while he followed Song Wei and Ling Qingxue to get off the plane and send them off.

Initially, Xia ruofei wanted to send Song Wei back to the capital. However, the understanding Song Wei did not want Xia ruofei and the other two to fly in circles in China. Hence, she suggested that she would get off the plane at Sanshan and visit her parents. She would rest for two days before returning to the capital.

Song Wei’s parents were both at San Shan. Since the plane had landed at San Shan, it was only natural for her to go home and rest for a few days. Hence, even though Xia ruofei knew that Song Wei did not want to trouble him, he could not insist on sending her back to the capital. He could only agree to let her get off the plane here.

They had contacted their chauffeur before they set off, so they saw the car picking them up as soon as they left the airport.

Xia ruofei personally sent the two of them to the car and watched them leave the airport. Then, he passed through the security check and returned to paradise.