Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

2946 Capital problem (1)

The strength of a sect was a relatively comprehensive evaluation.

Although high – end cultivators made up a large proportion of the sects, there was a qualitative difference between sects with and without Aurous core stage cultivators. However, the ranking was not entirely based on high – end cultivators.

In fact, the fallen leaf sect, which had two Aurous core stage cultivators, and the star Seizer sect, which only had Luo Qingfeng, who was an Aurous core stage cultivator, were about the same.

The reason was simple. Luo Qingfeng was ‘young’.

Although Luo Qingfeng was an old man compared to Xia ruofei, he was considered relatively young among the Golden core cultivators.

Being young meant that he had great potential for development.

In addition, Luo Qingfeng managed to break through to the Golden core stage even after the cultivation environment on earth had begun to deteriorate.

Most of the Golden core cultivators had actually broken through when the cultivation environment on earth was still pretty good, so it was relatively easy for them to break through. The reason why they could become golden core cultivators was nothing more than that they were born a few years earlier.

However, Luo Qingfeng was different. Even when the cultivation environment was getting worse and worse, he was still able to go against the flow and successfully break through to the Golden core stage. This also showed that Luo Qingfeng’s cultivation talent was stronger than many existing golden core cultivators.

Therefore, if they were to calculate based on overall strength, Luo Qingfeng alone was equivalent to two golden core stage cultivators of the fallen leaves sect.

Of course, this was not entirely based on combat power.

If the two sides were to fight, the two golden core cultivators of the fallen leaves sect would be able to defeat Luo Qingfeng.

Logically speaking, since Luo Qingfeng had come to Shuangqing, as the host of the fallen leaves sect, the sect leader Shao Qingyang should have personally come out to receive him.

However, the other golden core cultivator had arrived at Shuangqing almost at the same time as Luo Qingfeng. In comparison, Shao Qingyang was definitely more important to him, which was why he had sent Hao Qingsong to welcome Luo Qingfeng on his behalf.

The cultivator that Shao Qingyang had decided to personally welcome was the valley Head of the flying flower Valley, Liu Mansha.

Just from her name, one could tell that she was a female cultivator. Furthermore, Liu Mansha was a very famous beauty in the cultivation world of Huaxia. For decades, countless cultivators had hoped to become Dao partners with her, but unfortunately, she was still single.

Of course, even if female cultivators had a little bit of innate advantage, it was not that big. What cultivators valued more was their cultivation and strength. Although they were pretty and appetizing, they were just for appearance. They were not as important as people thought.

The reason why Liu Mansha had been personally welcomed by Shao Qingyang was probably only 20% due to her identity as the beautiful valley master. The remaining 80% was because she was a cultivator in the intermediate stage of the Golden core realm.

In addition, the flying flower Valley’s overall strength was also much higher than that of the fallen leaves sect and the star Seizer sect.

Other than Liu Mansha, the valley master of the soaring Flower Valley, who was in the intermediate stage of the Golden core realm, there were three other elders in the early stage of the Golden core realm.

More importantly, there had always been rumors in the cultivation world that there were a few nascent soul old monsters still alive. One of them was the Grand Elder of the flying flower Valley, Xu Chuchu.

Although Xu Chuchu hadn’t shown her face for decades and no one knew if she was Dead or Alive, the rumors in the cultivation world had always been true. A sect that might have a nascent soul old monster was still not something that no one dared to underestimate.

Not to mention that the flying flower Valley’s strength was originally very powerful, and had always been firmly in the ranks of the top sects.

In comparison, Shao Qingyang would naturally not neglect Liu Mansha just to welcome Luo Qingfeng. This was an easy choice to make.

As Hao Qingsong led Luo Qingfeng’s group of three into the hotel lobby, he kept apologizing and explaining to Luo Qingfeng the reason why Shao Qingyang didn’t personally welcome them.

Luo Qingfeng was actually a little unhappy.

Of course, it was not because he had been neglected. It was because he felt that his master, Xia ruofei, had been neglected.

In Luo Qingfeng’s heart, Xia ruofei was undoubtedly a God – like existence.

Xia ruofei has come to the fallen leaves sect’s territory, but your sect leader is actually avoiding him. It’s really impolite!

In Luo Qingfeng’s eyes, even if the valley master of the soaring Flower Valley, Liu Mansha, was a mid – Stage golden core cultivator, she was not worthy of being compared to Xia ruofei.

Even if the soul seal was excluded, Luo Qingfeng would still give a very high evaluation of Xia ruofei if he were to objectively evaluate him. Wan Wan was in her twenties, but she had already broken through to the early – Stage golden core. Her spiritual power cultivation was also far beyond that of him, a cultivator who had broken through many years ago. How could Liu Mansha, an old woman who had been stuck in the mid – Stage golden core for 20 to 30 years, compare with Xia ruofei?

Of course, Luo Qingfeng was not a hothead. Since Xia ruofei did not say anything, he would not show it on his face. He just smiled and said that there was no need to be so formal. After all, everyone would be able to see him at the auction tomorrow.

The entire hotel was the property of the fallen leaves sect, and had already been cleared out in order to receive cultivators from all over the world, so naturally there was no need to go through any check – in procedures. Everyone’s rooms had already been arranged. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Hong Chunlei had already taken the room card in advance. He followed behind Hao Qingsong and took the elevator together to send Xia ruofei and the others to the floor where the room was.

In fact, the entire hotel was empty to make way for the auction, but there were not many rooms that were actually used. They were all high – Class suites.