Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

2949 Xia ruofei’s assets (2)

“Yes!” Luo Qingfeng quickly said,”don’t worry, master! Even if I have to lose my life, I will definitely ensure senior Li’s safety!”

Although Li Yifu’s cultivation was very low, he was still a junior under Xia ruofei, while Luo Qingfeng was only Xia ruofei’s servant. Thus, Luo Qingfeng was very clear about his position. Anyway, Li Yifu was already very old, so it was more appropriate to call him “senior”.

“Thank you for your concern, senior granduncle!” Li Yifu said, feeling touched.

Xia ruofei smiled and waved his hand,”I’m just preparing for a rainy day!” Everyone was here to participate in the auction, so they should be happy about peace. It’s not good for anyone to mess up the auction. ”

“You’re right, master,” Luo Qingfeng also lowered his head and said,”in the past years, although there were occasionally small disputes, there were basically no cases of people dying. You can rest assured.” Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

What Qingfeng Luo said was that no one would die during the auction, but it was hard to say after the auction.

It was also common for people to block the road, Rob, and murder when the treasures they desperately needed were won by others.

Xia ruofei nodded and greeted the two of them. Then, he walked out of the room and headed to his own room at the other end of the corridor.

The junjue hotel was huge. The corridor was more than a hundred meters long. Xia ruofei scanned the floor with his spiritual power as he walked.

He found that other than the two suites at the end, the other rooms were empty. There was not a single person in them.

Xia ruofei used his room card to open the door to his room, took the electricity, locked the door, and turned on the “Do Not Disturb” light before he stepped into his room.

The layout of this room was actually the same as Luo Qingfeng’s room. The outer room was a living room and study, while the inner room was a bedroom. The room was quite spacious and decorated in a very high – Class way.

After Xia ruofei entered the room, he first used his mental strength to check both rooms thoroughly. After confirming that there were no problems, he then walked to the sofa in the living room and sat down. He picked up the auction manual on the coffee table and started to read.

He had only skimmed through the previous items. Anyway, he had already confirmed that there was a storage ring participating in the auction. As for the other treasures, it was much more direct to observe them on the spot with his spiritual power than to look at the photos in the manual.

This wasn’t an antique painting that needed to be properly appraised to determine its authenticity.

Xia ruofei’s attention was mainly focused on a small part of the auction rules at the back.

The general principle was actually very simple. The one with the highest price would get it. This was the same for all auctions.

Some of the rules were similar to what Luo Qingfeng had said. However, as the organizer, the fallen leaves sect had refined many of the rules to make it easier to implement.

For example, if there were insufficient spirit stones and the bidder did not want to give up, they could also take out a treasure to replace the spirit stones as long as they could obtain the consent of the owner of the auction item. Both parties could also negotiate how much spirit stones the treasure could be deducted.

All in all, the rules of this auction were definitely not as detailed as those of the auctions in the secular world.

Speaking of which, for the fallen leaves sect to be able to prepare an auction manual in advance, it was already keeping up with the times.

This auction had been going on for many years. Xia ruofei could imagine that the auction many years ago would not have such an exquisite auction manual printed on bronze.

Moreover, he was also very curious. There were so many steps from the production to the printing of such a manual. Wouldn’t the person who handled it think that this customer had a problem with his brain?

In the eyes of ordinary people, storage rings, spirit stones, spirit herbs, and the like were simply a fantasy!

However, on second thought, it did not seem like a big deal for a cultivation sect to purchase a small print factory just to hold an auction.

These cultivators really didn’t care much about worldly money.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but laugh. Then, he cleared all the messy thoughts in his mind and started to think about what he should bring out to participate in the auction. This was the most important thing for him.

He had already ruled out spirit crystals and origin crystals before, so he naturally didn’t consider them now.

However, if he did not have enough spiritual stones, he could just use spiritual crystals or even origin crystals to continue bidding. That was still acceptable.

In short, he was determined to get the two storage rings.

Xia ruofei organized the things that he could present.

The most precious treasure on him was naturally the spirit map scroll. However, unless his brain was clamped by a door, how could he directly take out the spirit map scroll?

To put it bluntly, even if he wanted to sell it, there was absolutely no one in China’s current cultivation world who could afford it.

An ordinary man is innocent, but he is guilty of harboring Jade.

The secret of the spirit map space could not be revealed even if he was beaten to death.

Other than the spirit paintings, Xia ruofei had many other good things.

There was no need to talk about spirit crystals and elemental crystals. He still had a large amount of spiritual herbs and spiritual medicines on the heart Island of the mountain sea realm. Among them, there was no lack of heaven – defying spiritual herbs like the heart concentrating grass that could directly increase one’s cultivation aptitude. It could be said that any spiritual herb taken out from the medicine garden of the realm Heart Island would cause the people of the cultivation world in Huaxia to fight over it.

Besides these, Xia ruofei had also obtained many cultivation techniques, secret techniques, and ancient books from the Jade talisman of inheritance.

Nowadays, the heritage of the entire world of cultivation had withered. These techniques might not have been particularly precious during the era of Shanhai Zhenren, but in the present day, they were undoubtedly quite valuable.

Xia ruofei could easily pick out a few less important books and copy them. He would be able to sell them for a good price.

Moreover, this was a completely capital – Free business!

However, on second thought, Xia ruofei decided to rule out the idea of auctioning off cultivation techniques and ancient books.

The reason was simple. Cultivation techniques were naturally extremely precious to those who needed them. Most of the people attending the auction were from cultivation sects, and sects basically had relatively complete cultivation techniques. Although the stones from other mountains could be used to Polish the Jade, they were not that precious in comparison.

Moreover, if he accidentally copied some sect’s Secret technique, it would be a big deal.

The other party would definitely investigate the matter of the cultivation technique being leaked, and they would definitely investigate it to the end. If he got into trouble, he wouldn’t be able to get rid of it even if he wanted to.

If the matter had been more serious, and he had “crashed” into some sects that had participated in the auction after copying a few cultivation techniques, it would have caused an even greater uproar.

Perhaps the other sects would also be in danger, worried that their own cultivation techniques had been leaked.

At that time, it was entirely possible that he would become the target of public criticism in the cultivation world of Huaxia.

It was better not to do such a dangerous thing.

After eliminating the option of copying a cultivation technique manual and auctioning it off, Xia ruofei did not have many other choices other than the spiritual herbs and medicine from the realm Heart Island.

There were only two kinds.

The first was talismans.

His array Dao had already reached a very high level. Moreover, there were many array Dao ancient books that had been lost in the cultivation world in the Jade talisman of inheritance. Most of the array techniques recorded in these ancient books must have been lost as well. He could completely inscribe array discs and array talismans directly. It would definitely be a very popular auction item.

The second type was medicinal pills.

...

He still couldn’t make pills in the true sense of the word, but making some pills and ointments that had auxiliary effects for cultivation wasn’t a problem.

Some of the supplementary herbs recorded in the ancient books were not particularly precious. Most of them were common herbs that could be found in the secular world. They could be supplemented with one or two more precious herbs, which could be found in the spirit map space.

In the current cultivation world, such a medicine was basically very difficult to find, and the reason was nothing more than the fact that the prescription had been lost.

Xia ruofei didn’t have many things, but he had a lot of prescriptions.

He could pick out a few herbs and use the time array flag to refine a batch of herbs to help with cultivation tonight. He would definitely make it in time to attend the auction tomorrow.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but chuckle and mumble to himself,””In this way, my family’s wealth is actually quite rich!”