Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

2950 Qi gathering pill (1)

Xia ruofei leaned back on the sofa and closed his eyes. After thinking for a while, he finally chose the misty Qi gathering pill, which was a pill for cultivators.

Although the Qi gathering pill was called a “pill,” it had not reached the level of a medicinal pill. It was not a medicinal pill in the true sense.

However, Xia ruofei compared the formulas he had obtained from the Jade talisman of inheritance and felt that the Qi gathering pill was more suitable for this auction.

The effect of the Qi gathering pill was very simple. It could provide a certain amount of spiritual energy for the cultivator to absorb.

In fact, the key to making the Qi – gathering pill was not these herbs. All the herbs were auxiliary, and their function was to lock the spiritual Qi inside the Qi – gathering pill. Therefore, the key to making the Qi – gathering pill was the environment.

The herbs required were very common and could be easily gathered in the spirit map space.

There was no better elixir refinement environment than the spirit map space. Even after the Taixu xuanqing formation had stabilized, the concentration of spiritual Qi was not as good as in the spirit map space!

The little bit of spiritual energy lost in refining medicine would almost not cause any fluctuations in the spiritual energy in the space. It could be replenished in the blink of an eye.

There was another difficulty, and that was the alchemy technique. It required a certain level of array Dao. After setting up the array, it could be used to lock the spirit Qi in the medicine. To Xia ruofei, it was not difficult.

In other words, it should be relatively easy for Xia ruofei to refine the gathering Qi elixir.

The main reason why he had never refined Chi – amassing pills for the people around him was that he looked down on this kind of primary supplementary medicine, the Chi – amassing pill. How much spiritual energy could it preserve? Even if he ate the Qi – gathering pill as if it were candy, the effect would not be as fast as if he used spiritual crystals to cultivate.

There were not many people around Xia ruofei who needed cultivation resources. To low – Level cultivators like Ling Qingxue and Li Yifu, one spiritual crystal was enough to last them a long time. Hence, Xia ruofei did not want to waste his time on some Qi gathering pill.

However, it was still very suitable to bring this thing to the auction to earn some capital.

To Xia ruofei and the cultivators around him, the Qi gathering pill was of little value. However, to the current cultivation world of Huaxia, the Qi gathering pill was a very useful supplementary medicine. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Of course, the most important thing was that this Qi gathering elixir was basically useless to golden core cultivators. This way, it would not be easy to attract the covetous eyes of those powerhouses.

Moreover, the people attending the auction this time were all from the major sects. Since it was a sect, there would naturally be disciples of all levels of cultivation. In addition to developing high – end combat power, the work of laying the foundation was also very important. The overall strength of a sect was not only dependent on a few golden core cultivators. Therefore, the Qi gathering pill was a very effective supplementary medicine for low – Level cultivators to improve their cultivation efficiency. He believed that many sect leaders and elders would be very interested in it.

The cost was almost zero, the supplementary effect was good, and the “market demand” was strong. With these three factors, Xia ruofei did not have to hesitate. He quickly chose this supplementary medicine as his first auction item.

After making up his mind, Xia ruofei did not waste any more time and immediately started to set up.

Refining Chi – amassing pills was different from other herbs. It had to be done in the spirit map space.

If it was in the past, Xia ruofei would never take out the spirit map scroll or enter the spirit map space in an unfamiliar place with other cultivators living upstairs and downstairs.

However, Xia ruofei was no longer the ignorant fool from back then. Now, he had more tricks up his sleeve and his strength had improved by leaps and bounds. He didn’t enter the spirit map space easily when he was outside because he was being cautious. If he really needed to go in, he was confident that he could guarantee his safety.

Although Xia ruofei was cautious, he was not conservative.

He just didn’t fight a battle he wasn’t confident in.

Xia ruofei first took out a piece of talisman from the space and walked into his bedroom to set it up.

Xia ruofei had sculpted these talismans in his spare time. They were basically made of Jade and could be used multiple times.

There were all kinds of formations here with different functions. Some were specially used for warning, some were used to isolate sound and even vision, and there were also several protective barriers.

There were three layers on the inside and three layers on the outside. The densely packed array formations were all nested together. Even if an Aurous core stage cultivator came over, it would be impossible to break all of them in a short time.

With this little bit of buffer time, Xia ruofei could react in the spirit map space and return to the outside world in time.

Although there were many sect elders and Aurous core stage cultivators attending this auction, everyone was the head of their respective sects. It was very impolite to use one’s mental strength to check someone else’s room. No one would be so reckless. At the very least, Xia ruofei had not sensed any external mental strength even after flying back to her room for such a long time. If someone had really used mental strength to investigate, it would be impossible for even an average intermediate golden core cultivator to do so without Xia ruofei noticing, unless it was an expert in the advanced stage of the Golden core stage with very strong mental strength.

As for directly barging into someone else’s room, that was an even lower probability.

Even Li Yifu and Qingfeng Luo would not dare to step into the room without his permission.

Hence, after Xia ruofei locked the doors and windows and drew the curtains, he stepped into the protective alarm array he had set up and took out the spirit map scroll.

He carefully tucked the painting under his blanket before entering the spirit map space.

Xia ruofei didn’t waste any time and entered the Archean realm immediately. At the same time, he used his mental strength to scan the huge Medicine Shelf in the Archean realm. The medicinal herbs needed to refine the Chi – amassing pill floated up one by one and quickly gathered towards him.

Together, there were his usual medicine pot, stove, charcoal, and other tools.

In order to save time, Xia ruofei first used time array flags to set up a speed – increasing array at the Archean realm. Then, he brought the medicinal herbs and tools into the array.

This way, the time flow in the outside world was about 2000 times slower, and he would not be delayed in doing anything.

Xia ruofei then started to refine the medicine.

Although it was his first time making a spirit gathering pill, he had experience in making all kinds of medicine before, so he was quite familiar with the process.

The key to making potions was the control of the fire. This was evident from Xia ruofei’s strong spiritual power. He used his spiritual power to monitor the temperature at all times. The control of the fire could be said to be extremely fine and there was basically no possibility of any mistakes.

The first part of the refining process was smooth, but in the final stage, the spiritual Qi had to be compressed and locked in the pill, which required the cooperation of a formation.

As it was Xia ruofei’s first time controlling this formation, it was inevitable that he would make mistakes. Hence, the first batch of medicine failed at the last stage.

Xia ruofei did not mind at all. According to the records in the ancient books, the gathering Qi pill was not easy to refine even when there were many masters in the cultivation world and the environment was excellent. It was not normal to succeed on the first try.

In any case, he wouldn’t lose any spiritual energy even if he failed, and all the medicinal herbs used were very ordinary, so the cost was basically negligible.

Xia ruofei had prepared many sets of medicinal herbs.

Furthermore, the little mental energy that was used up for refining elixirs was nothing to him. Compared to sword Kinesis flight, it was like a drop in the ocean.

Hence, Xia ruofei did not rest. He immediately washed the medicine pot and started his second attempt.

He tried four times in a row and failed without exception.

However, Xia ruofei’s mastery of the small but exquisite formation was getting better and better.

From the fifth try onwards, Xia ruofei had never failed again.

He made almost non – stop and made five batches in a row, obtaining a total of 100 Chi – amassing pills.

In addition to his previous failed attempts, Xia ruofei had spent about 20 hours refining the medicine.

However, with time flowing two thousand times faster, only a short while had passed in the outside world.

Xia ruofei found five porcelain bottles and placed the one hundred Qi – gathering pills that were still warm into them. Each bottle contained twenty pills.

...

After that, Xia ruofei did not put away the array flag. He left the bottle of Qi gathering pills in the time array and left the spirit map space with a thought, returning to the outside world.

After reappearing in the hotel room, Xia ruofei immediately checked the protective array he had set up. He was relieved that the array had not been touched.

Xia ruofei’s array talismans were also very exquisite. There was a small array that was very sensitive. Even if one’s spiritual power swept over it, it would be touched and leave traces.

The fact that even this array didn’t have any reaction meant that when he was in the space, no one had checked it.

In fact, due to the time formation, the time Xia ruofei spent in the medium was very short. If there was someone in the room, from that person’s perspective, Xia ruofei would basically flash into the medium and come out in a few breaths.

In such a short period of time, there just so happened to be an expert who came to investigate this room and discovered that something was amiss. The probability of this happening was too low.

Xia ruofei quickly kept the spirit map in his palm. Then, he removed all the protective and alert arrays and stored all the talismans in the spirit map space.

Then, Xia ruofei pondered for a while and set up a sound – proof barrier in his room. He then took out his phone and called Li Yifu.

“Junior Brother Xia!” Li Yifu picked up the phone immediately.

After all, everyone here was a cultivator. In order to prevent ears on the walls, Li Yifu followed what they had agreed on earlier and addressed Xia ruofei as ‘Junior Brother’. His tone sounded a little awkward, but it shouldn’t be enough to give himself away.

“Adopted husband,” Xia ruofei said,”come to my room with Qingfeng. I still have something to discuss with you.”

...

Xia ruofei had set up a sound – proof barrier, so he didn’t have to be too careful with his words.

“Alright!” Li Yifu replied.

A few minutes later, Xia ruofei heard a knock on the door. He walked over to open the door and saw Luo Qingfeng and Li Yifu standing at the door.

Without waiting for them to speak, Xia ruofei said,””Let’s talk inside!”

He invited the two of them into the house, locked the door, and walked into the living room.

Xia ruofei smiled.”Alright. There’s a soundproof barrier here. You don’t have to be so careful when you speak.”

Luo Qingfeng quickly bowed to Xia ruofei and asked respectfully,””Master, what instructions do you have for this old servant?”

“Sit down first!” Xia ruofei pointed at the sofa and said.

Li Yifu and Luo Qingfeng respectfully waited for Xia ruofei to sit down before sitting down on the sofa at the side.

Xia ruofei smiled and said,”Qingfeng, after I went back to my room, I thought about it. There’s something that seems pretty good to auction off. However, I’m not sure if it can be sold for a good price. You have more experience, so I would like to ask you to take a look!”