Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

2962 A bountiful harvest (1)

On the main auction stage, Hao Qingsong’s voice had barely faded when he announced the start of the auction for the third bottle of gathering Qi pills. The price on the large screen was immediately updated.

2500 spirit stones. The bidder was from room number 6.

Many cultivators were ready to bid, and their hands had already reached for the bid button on the bidding device. When they saw the price, they immediately retracted their hands.

Originally, everyone had planned to raise the price to 440 spiritual stones. They did not expect Liu Mansha in Room 6 to raise the price to 2500 spiritual stones.

Fortunately, all the people present were cultivators, and their reaction speed was much faster than that of ordinary people. It was a good thing that they did not slip up and directly raise the price on the basis of Liu Mansha’s bid.

After Liu Mansha placed this bid, she did not forget to say indifferently,””Sect Master Zhou, if you want to raise the price, you’ll have to think it over carefully. I might actually be thinking of selling this bottle of Qi gathering pills for 2500 spirit stones! Be careful not to fall into your own hands. ”

Zhou bingxuan had suffered a loss in the last round, so he was really ready to raise the price with the idea of harming others without benefiting himself.

He had bought the Qi gathering pills at such an expensive price because of Liu Mansha, so he did not want Liu Mansha to buy them so easily.

However, after hearing Liu Mansha’s words, Zhou bingxuan couldn’t help but hesitate.

As his arch – enemy, Zhou bingxuan knew Liu Mansha very well. He knew that this woman was clever and unpredictable. She never played her cards according to common sense, and no one could guess what she was thinking.

Zhou bingxuan felt that if he increased the price, Liu Mansha might really give up again.

Just as Zhou bingxuan was hesitating, the price still rose. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Xia ruofei’s previous prediction was very accurate. Now that there were only three bottles of Qi gathering pills left, the cultivators who wanted to buy them felt more and more anxious. In addition, the second round of bidding had sold for 3200 spiritual stones. Although everyone knew that the price was a little high, it still inevitably formed an impression in their hearts, which made them evaluate the Qi gathering pills much more highly.

In addition, the price of 2500 spirit stones was still acceptable, and cultivators with financial resources still had the power to compete. Everyone was also worried that if they failed again in this round, the competition for the remaining two bottles would become even more intense. At that time, they didn’t know how much the price would rise!

Therefore, for cultivators who were more willing to buy, they only had to weigh the pros and cons before someone increased the price.

The increase was not big, only 40 spirit stones. However, the price had been updated. The highest bid was now from room 32.

Liu Mansha was obviously not like what she had said. She had only set the price at 2500 spiritual stones.

After the cultivator in room 32 made the bid, she only thought for a moment and immediately added another 60 spirit stones, rounding the price to 2600 spirit stones.

The cultivator in room 32 thought for a while and raised the price by another 40 spirit stones.

This time, before Liu Mansha could raise the price, the cultivator from Room 19 raised the price again. The latest bid became 2680 spirit stones.

At this moment, Liu Mansha unhurriedly raised the bid again, and the new price was 2720 spirit stones.

The cultivator in room 32 decided to give up after some consideration and did not raise the price.

However, the newly joined cultivator in Room 19 still chose to follow after some consideration. Thus, the price of this bottle of Qi gathering pills rose to 2760 spirit stones.

In the next few rounds, Liu Mansha didn’t give up either. She also used the same method of increasing the bid, increasing the minimum bid by 40 pills each time to compete with the cultivator in Room 19.

The price on the big screen continued to rise. After a few rounds of bidding, it finally reached 2960 spirit stones.

This bid came from Liu Mansha.

The cultivator in Room 19 had probably set his base price at 2900 spirit stones. In the previous round, he had thought about it for a long time before finally raising the price to 2920 spirit stones.

Liu Mansha, on the other hand, did not hesitate to raise the price again. The price on the big screen stayed for a very short time before it was updated to 2960. This also showed Liu Mansha’s determination to win.

Finally, the cultivator in Room 19 chose to give up.

Of course, he didn’t say anything from beginning to end, so no one knew which sect the cultivator in the box came from. However, after Liu Mansha’s bid of 2960 spirit stones, the cultivators in Room 19 did not follow up with another bid. On the main auction stage, Hao Qingsong had already begun to repeatedly ask if there were any more people who wanted to raise the bid. It was clear that the deal for this bottle of Qi – gathering pills was about to be sealed.

However, just as Hao Qingsong was about to announce the final price, Zhou bingxuan, who had been silent all this time, made a new bid. Although it was only an increase of 40 spirit stones, it made the price break through 3000 spirit stones.

All the cultivators in the private rooms were in an uproar. No one thought that the first item would be sold like crazy. The price was really too high.

In fact, Zhou bingxuan didn’t think too much about it. He saw that Liu Mansha was very determined in the last few rounds of bidding, and obviously had a strong desire to buy it. Therefore, he finally made up his mind to come out and mess things up. Otherwise, he would really be unwilling!

Of course, he was also prepared that the other party would not follow up with this price. To the Black Dragon cult, spending an extra 3000 spiritual stones to buy a bottle of such high – Quality Chi – amassing pills was not a big deal. There were only 20 pills in a bottle. He was willing to spend the spiritual stones to buy two bottles for his precious disciple.

However, Zhou bingxuan naturally hoped that Liu Mansha would increase the price. Even if he could trick Liu Mansha once, he would feel better.

Therefore, after bidding, Zhou bingxuan deliberately laughed and said, “I’m sorry, Valley master Liu, but I suddenly feel that one bottle of Qi gathering pills might not be enough for my disciple, so I’m going to buy another bottle! Valley master Liu also has a disciple, so I hope you can understand my thoughts and help me fulfill my wish once again. ”

Zhou bingxuan had deliberately provoked Liu Mansha with his words, hoping that she would fly into a rage out of humiliation and increase the price at all costs.

However, what made him dumbfounded was that Liu Mansha actually said without hesitation, “What’s so difficult about that? This price has already exceeded my expectations. Since sect Master Zhou is so anxious for his beloved disciple, how can this Valley master bear to make things difficult for him? This bottle of Qi gathering pills, our flying flower Valley ... Will give it up!”

In Room 5, Zhou bingxuan heard Liu Mansha’s words and was so angry that he almost smashed the bidding device in his hand.

He also secretly regretted his cheap hands. The price was obviously so high, why did he have to get involved in this muddy water?

Moreover, he could also see that Liu Mansha’s so – called bottom price was not fixed. If he, Zhou bingxuan, had not suddenly jumped out, but the other cultivators in the private room had increased the price, Liu Mansha might have continued to compete.

However, as soon as Zhou bingxuan made a bid, Liu Mansha immediately chose to stop without hesitation, which caught Zhou bingxuan off guard.

At the same time, Zhou bingxuan was really a little afraid. In the next two rounds of bidding, if he wanted to bid maliciously again, he would have to think about the risk.

This was also the effect Liu Mansha wanted to achieve.

Therefore, she had no intention of really bidding for this bottle of Qi gathering pills from the beginning.

Of course, if Zhou bingxuan didn’t jump out, she would naturally take it for real and directly buy the Qi gathering pill, which would be even better.

She had already thought it through. As long as Zhou bingxuan jumped out to cause trouble, she would immediately stop.

Now, after several rounds of bidding with the cultivators in room 32 and Room 19, the price itself was relatively high. Zhou bingxuan stupidly came out at this time to meddle in the bidding. To Liu Mansha, it was like meeting a pillow when she was drowsy. She didn’t even need to think about it and gave up.

In room 20, Xia ruofei was stunned at first, then he laughed.””The valley master Liu of the flying flower Valley is also an amazing person! In these two rounds, she’s definitely worthy of the best assist award!”

Li Yifu also laughed and said,”Valley master Liu has helped us a lot in these two rounds!” To be able to bid at such a price, she must have contributed greatly!”

“We have to thank her properly!” Luo Qingfeng said with a smile.

At this time, on the main auction stage, Hao Qingsong had finished his routine inquiry. Seeing that Liu Mansha and the other cultivators had no intention of raising the price, he awkwardly announced,”Congratulations to the Black Dragon cult’s Cult Master Zhou for purchasing another bottle of gathering Qi pills!”

When the fallen leaf sect disciple took a bottle of Qi gathering pills and went to the number 5 box to settle the bill with Zhou bingxuan, Hao Qingsong looked at the remaining two bottles of Qi gathering pills on the table and said with a smile,”Sect Master Zhou has bought two bottles of Chi – amassing pills for your disciple’s cultivation. Now that there are only two bottles of Qi gathering pills left in this auction, fellow Daoists who want to prepare supplementary medicine for their disciples must not hesitate! If we miss this opportunity, it won’t be easy to come across such a high – Quality Qi gathering pill again!”

After he finished speaking, Hao Qingsong loudly announced,”Next, the bidding for the fourth bottle of Chi – amassing pills will begin. The rules are the same as the previous rounds. Fellow Daoists, you may start bidding now!”

...

As soon as Hao Qingsong’s voice fell, the price on the big screen flickered and changed to 2500 spirit stones. The bidder was still Liu Mansha from Room 6.

The hand speed of a middle jiedan stage master was indeed much faster than the average cultivator. Every time, she would be able to grab the first one, and the other cultivators had no time to bid.

This opening was almost exactly the same as the previous round.

But this time, Liu Mansha didn’t even bother to say anything. She just sat there quietly after bidding, waiting to see if Zhou bingxuan would jump out and make trouble again.

Obviously, Zhou bingxuan had learned his lesson from the previous two rounds, and decided not to fight over it anymore. The two bottles of Qi gathering pills were already enough. If he threw another bottle in his hand, he would be able to get nearly 10000 spirit stones out of the three rounds of auction, which would really affect his subsequent bidding plans.

Zhou bingxuan retreated, but the other cultivators wouldn’t give up easily.

After all, there were only two bottles of Chi – amassing pills left, and the sense of urgency in everyone’s hearts was getting stronger and stronger.

This time, there were obviously more cultivators bidding than in the previous round. The price in everyone’s heart had been raised by the high price of the previous two rounds. The price of 2500 spirit stones was obviously not enough.

Liu Mansha was still the same as the previous round. She seemed to be very interested in buying, and every time she raised the price, it was very timely.

As the price rose, more and more cultivators withdrew from the competition. The remaining cultivators spent more time thinking before raising the price.

In the end, Liu Mansha bought the bottle of Chi – amassing pills for 2980 gold coins as she wished.

...

When Hao Qingsong announced the deal, Liu Mansha also let out a soft sigh of relief. She turned her head and exchanged a smile with Yang Liu.

Yang Liu gave Liu Mansha a thumbs up and said,””Senior Sister is amazing! He had thoroughly understood Zhou bingxuan’s psychology! Not only did he buy the Qi gathering pill, but he also made him suffer two losses in a row! It’s simply very satisfying!”

In fact, the spirit stones Liu Mansha spent in this round were not much less than Zhou bingxuan ‘s. In fact, the transaction price was almost the same in both rounds, but the feeling was completely different.

What’s more, according to the rules of the auction, as the remaining Qi – gathering pills became less and less, the final price of this round would generally be higher than the previous round. Zhou bingxuan’s final price of 3000 spirit stones in the last round was obviously a lot higher.

Most importantly, all of this was part of Liu Mansha’s plan. She had successfully tricked Zhou bingxuan and intimidated him so that he didn’t dare to cause any more trouble. This kind of satisfaction was even stronger than buying the gathering Qi pill through direct competition.