Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

2963 All sold_

Luo Qingfeng could not help but smile when he saw this.

Xia ruofei and Li Yifu, who had already expected this situation, also smiled happily.

Since it was the last bottle of gathering Qi pills, the competition was intense.

Other than a few powerful sects, the other cultivators also made their bids.

In the end, this bottle of Qi gathering pills was sold for a super high price of 3360 spirit stones, which was even higher than Zhou bingxuan’s 3200 spirit stones in the second round.

This also made Zhou bingxuan feel a little better. Thinking back, it seemed that it was not a loss to buy two bottles of Qi gathering pills at the price of 3200 and 3000 spirit stones.

However, when he thought about how Liu Mansha had not only tricked him twice, but also how she had spent less than 3000 spirit stones to get that bottle of Chi – amassing pills, he immediately began to feel unhappy.

The cultivators who didn’t get the Qi gathering pills in the end couldn’t help sighing, and the cultivators who got the last bottle of Qi gathering pills didn’t seem to be in a good mood. After all, the price was really too high. When they were bidding, they just bought it in a moment of impulse. When the fallen leaves sect disciples really came to settle the bill with the Qi gathering pills, they couldn’t help but feel very distressed.

In any case, this was only the appetizer of the entire auction.

The result had already been decided. Although some were happy and some were sad, everyone’s attention quickly shifted to the next treasure that was about to be revealed.

Qingfeng Luo and Yifu li were busy calculating how much they could earn from the five bottles of Energy Pills.

No one competed for the Qi gathering pill in the first round, and sun Tianfeng won it with 2000 spirit stones.

In the second and third rounds, it was Zhou bingxuan who won the Qi gathering pill at 3200 and 3000 spirit stones respectively.

In the fourth round, Liu Mansha won a bottle for 2980 spirit stones.

The last round had reached a high price of 3360 spirit stones.

After five rounds, the total price was 14540 spiritual stones. After deducting the fallen leaves sect’s 50% commission of 727 spiritual stones, Xia ruofei could earn 13813 spiritual stones in the end, which was 30% higher than what they had expected yesterday. It was a very ideal result.

However, when the disciples of the fallen leaves sect brought their spiritual stones into the private room, Xia ruofei scanned them with his spiritual power and found that they had brought 14540 spiritual stones. There was no deduction of their Commission.

Xia ruofei was confused and asked,””Are you all mistaken? According to the rules, shouldn’t your sect be taking a 5% commission?”

The falling leaves sect disciple seemed to have expected Xia ruofei’s question. He replied respectfully,””Senior, it’s like this, Medicine King’s Valley’s old senior Sun felt that the price of two thousand spirit stones for that bottle of Chi gathering pills in the first round was a bit low. He didn’t expect the final price of the Qi gathering pills to be so high, and the fellow Daoists all gave him face and didn’t participate in the competition, so the first round was sold at a low price. Old senior Sun felt very apologetic, so he specifically looked for our sect master and said that he would bear the Commission for this batch of Qi gathering pills. It was a total of 727 spirit stones, which old senior Sun has already paid. ”

Xia ruofei and the other two couldn’t help but feel surprised. At the same time, Xia ruofei’s impression of elder sun Tianfeng, who spoke with a northeast accent, improved a lot.

It was a kind gesture and the spiritual stones had already been paid for. Xia ruofei would not reject it. He really needed spiritual stones now, so he accepted the spiritual stones after a moment’s thought.

With a sweep of his psyche, he easily took out 40 spirit stones from the pile and pushed them in front of the disciple. Then, he smiled and said,””Thank you for your hard work! This is a small token of our appreciation. ”

The disciple was surprised and overjoyed. He quickly bowed to Xia ruofei and thanked him.

The disciples who were selected to help in the auction were generally smart and valued. After all, many seniors would reward them with some spirit stones, just like tips in the secular world. However, it was rare to see someone as generous as Xia ruofei, who gave 40 spiritual stones directly. The disciple was naturally surprised.

Xia ruofei smiled and said,”please help me pass a message to old senior Sun. Tell him that I thank him for his good intentions. I’ll accept the spiritual stones.” If old senior Sun is willing, we can also use the appropriate opportunity to exchange knowledge with him about the refinement of the Qi gathering pill. ”

With that, Xia ruofei took out a name card from the spirit map space and handed it to the fallen leaves sect disciple. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

There was only a cell phone number on the business card, not even a name. This phone number was the one Xia ruofei used when he was active as Xia Tian.

“Yes!” The disciple took the name card with both hands and said respectfully,”I will definitely convey the message to you in time.”

Xia ruofei nodded in satisfaction and said,””Please don’t reveal our identities for the time being.”

“I understand! I know the rules!” The falling leaves sect disciple hurriedly said,”if senior doesn’t have any other instructions, this disciple will take his leave.”

Xia ruofei smiled and nodded.

The falling leaves sect disciple bowed slightly to Xia ruofei and the other two, then left the private room and closed the door from the outside.

The fallen leaves sect was not the kind of organization that specialized in auctions. All these years, the auction exchanges between the sects in the cultivation world had taken turns to be the host. Hence, Xia ruofei did not expect them to do a good job of keeping it a secret. However, even if their identities were leaked, he would not be particularly concerned.

After all, the star Seizer sect was a first – Class sect. A mere batch of Qi gathering pills was not enough to attract the coveting eyes of many top sects.

Furthermore, the news had only spread to the star Seizer sect. Xia ruofei had always been using Xia Tian’s identity and appearance. His family and friends in the secular world would not be affected.

As for Li Yifu, although he had a huge business in the secular world, he was only an old Qi refining cultivator. Under normal circumstances, he wouldn’t attract anyone’s attention. Moreover, Li Yifu would spend most of his time on the Peach Blossom Island in the future, so there was no need to worry about his personal safety.

Xia ruofei had already considered this situation before he came. That was why he had decided to bring Li Yifu along to the auction.

After the fallen leaf sect disciple left, Xia ruofei waved his hand and kept the 14500 spiritual stones into the spirit map space.

At this moment, the second item of the day was being auctioned on the main auction platform. Although the Qi gathering pill before the Suan nI had been divided into five rounds of auction, it was strictly only the first item.

The second item was a flying sword. Xia ruofei scanned it with his spiritual power and lost interest. The quality of this flying sword was much worse than his blue travel immortal sword. At most, it was on par with Luo Qingfeng’s flying sword.

However, flying swords were also relatively rare in the cultivation world. Although most of the Jindan stage experts had their own flying swords, they were still willing to carry one or two flying swords with them. If they needed to fight while riding on flying swords, those who had two flying swords would naturally have a great advantage.

Moreover, even though Xia ruofei looked down on this flying sword, in the eyes of the cultivators, it was of good quality.

According to Hao Qingsong’s introduction, this was something a golden core cultivator had found in an ancient cultivation ruin. Because this golden core cultivator already had a handy flying sword, and at the same time needed spirit stones to buy a relatively precious spirit herb, he had reluctantly given up on it.

Xia ruofei was not interested in competing for the flying sword, so he just sat on the mountain and watched the Tigers fight.

Unlike the Qi gathering pill, this flying sword was for the use of golden core cultivators. The people who came to the auction from the major sects were either sect leaders or elders, and most of them were golden core cultivators.

Therefore, the competition for the flying sword was more intense than the gathering Qi pill.

In the end, the flying sword was sold for 7800 spiritual stones.

Xia ruofei was speechless when he saw the result. He couldn’t help but say,””I didn’t expect a flying sword to be so valuable! Compared to that, our Qi gathering pill business is really a small one!”

“Master,” Luo Qingfeng explained with a smile,”in the current cultivation world, there are even fewer weapon masters than medicine Masters. Flying swords are basically excavated from ancient cultivation ruins. They are very rare, so it’s normal for their prices to be higher.”

Xia ruofei thought of the large number of ancient books he had obtained from the Jade talisman of inheritance. There were many books that introduced refining knowledge, but he had never taken the time to study them.

If flying swords were so valuable, could he learn how to forge? Xia ruofei muttered in his heart.

He suddenly realized that in terms of preciousness, none of the vast number of ancient books in the Jade talisman of inheritance could compare to the great Dao Sutra, let alone the precious spirit maps and paintings themselves. However, these ancient books were also an invisible wealth, especially when there were so many of them. When all of them were gathered together, they were even more precious.

Xia ruofei felt that he had not excavated enough of this treasure house.

He also told himself that he should sort out the ancient books in the Jade talisman of inheritance when he had time in the future ...

...

The auction continued, and all kinds of items appeared on stage. Some of the new and interesting things opened Xia ruofei’s eyes.

For example, there was a set of very ingenious array flags. Xia ruofei could not help but be tempted and wanted to buy it to study. But considering the storage ring, Xia ruofei gave up.

Of course, that set of array flags was just a clever use of a few basic array techniques. Xia ruofei was just a little curious.

Other than that, there were also some treasures excavated from the ancient ruins, which made Xia ruofei feel very novel.

Although the cultivation environment had deteriorated, there were still many things worth learning and studying in the cultivation world. After all, this was a group that had been passed down for countless years. Xia ruofei, who was strictly considered a rookie cultivator, could not compare to them in many aspects.

As the auction went on, the other two items provided by Xia ruofei were also revealed.

The final price of the two items did not disappoint Xia ruofei and the other two.