Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

2964 The mysterious ore (1)

The reason why Xia ruofei was suddenly so interested in this item that had yet to be revealed was very simple. The moment this item appeared, the spirit painting in Xia ruofei’s palm trembled. This was a reaction that he had not seen in a long time.

In the past, it would only have such a reaction when a world stone appeared in the vicinity.

However, world stones were simply too rare. It could be said that they could only be encountered by luck and not sought out. One had to have sufficiently good luck to obtain one. It was impossible to take the initiative to look for one on normal days.

As a result, it had been a long time since the spirit painting had taken the initiative to react.

Moreover, the reaction from the spirit map scroll was especially strong this time. Unlike the previous times, the sensing Jade Leaf that Xia ruofei carried with him did not change at all. The temperature was still the same as before. If a realm stone appeared nearby, the sensing Jade Leaf would also heat up. The closer it was, the higher the heat. This was the most direct reaction. Xia ruofei was also considering the possibility of a world stone appearing with so many cultivators gathered here. Hence, he had always carried the sensing Jade Leaf with him.

However, the Jade Leaf didn’t have any reaction. Instead, the spirit painting scroll itself began to tremble.

Moreover, this kind of trembling had occurred after Hao Qingsong had indicated for the fallen leaf sect disciples to bring up the auction items. Presumably, for the safety of the auction items, the fallen leaf sect had stored them in a container with shielding and protective functions. It was possible that they had directly stored them in a storage ring and would only be taken out when the auction was about to begin. As such, when this auction item appeared, the spirit map scroll immediately reacted.

After a brief moment of shock, Xia ruofei’s expression returned to normal. However, he immediately released his spiritual power to scan the items on the tray.

Under the investigation of his spiritual power, an ordinary piece of red silk cloth could not hide it. Xia ruofei immediately discovered that there was a black ore the size of an adult’s fist on the tray.

Xia ruofei had already come into contact with many realm stones and was extremely familiar with the aura of realm stones. After using his spiritual power to investigate, he could confirm that this ore was not a realm stone. However, the fact that the spirit map scroll had such a strong reaction to this ore made Xia ruofei feel very strange.

However, regardless of whether this ore was a world stone or not, since it could make the spirit map scroll tremble on its own, Xia ruofei would definitely not let it go. In an instant, he made a decision. Even if he had to lose the pair of storage rings later on due to a lack of spirit stones, he could not let go of this special ore. He had to obtain it at all costs!

At this time, Hao Qingsong had already had the fallen leaf sect disciples remove the red silk cloth. The item on the tray was presented to everyone. Just as Xia ruofei had examined earlier, it was a piece of black ore.

In fact, it was not just Xia ruofei. When the item appeared, many cultivators in other boxes also scanned it with their spiritual power out of habit. However, none of them, including Liu Mansha, Zhou bingxuan, and the other knowledgeable high – Level cultivators of the top sects, could recognize the ore.

Everyone was naturally curious.

Of course, things that they didn’t recognize might not be good things, especially when everyone couldn’t recognize what kind of ore it was. However, they could still sense that this ore didn’t give off the slightest fluctuation of spiritual energy. It looked like an ordinary stone.

Therefore, many people were just curious and wanted to hear Hao Qingsong’s introduction. At least they knew what this thing was. The only one who was really determined to buy it at all costs was Xia ruofei.

At this time, Hao Qingsong smiled and said,”The next item up for auction is this unknown ore that fellow Daoists have seen.”

When the cultivators in the private rooms heard this, they were surprised that the organizer didn’t know what this black ore was and brought it to the auction. What was he doing?

Hao Qingsong wasn’t a professional auctioneer, and cultivators all had their own independent judgment. Therefore, he didn’t beat around the bush and directly explained,”Of course, we won’t let an ore of unknown origin be auctioned on the stage. In fact, it was entrusted by fellow Daoist Chen Xuan of the first heaven society to auction it. As for the situation of this ore, we’d better ask fellow Daoist Chen Xuan to explain it to everyone personally!”

Hao Qingsong had directly revealed the name of his client. Naturally, he had also obtained the other party’s permission in advance.

In fact, when Hao Qingsong said this name, the attitude of all the cultivators present immediately changed. No one thought that the falling leaves sect’s decision to put this ore up for auction was child’s play. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

The reason was simple. Chen Xuan and his sect, the first heaven society, were famous in the cultivation world of China.

The sect leader of the first heaven sect, Chen Nanfeng, had reached the late – Stage of the Golden core realm. It was rumored that Chen Nanfeng was the cultivator closest to the nascent soul realm in the cultivation world. Other than some reclusive individual cultivators, Chen Nanfeng was also faintly at the top of the cultivation world.

Tianyi school was one of the top sects in Huaxia, and its strength was among the best.

In addition to Chen Nanfeng, who was a late – Stage golden core expert, there were two mid – Stage golden core elders, four early – Stage golden core elders, and fifteen Qi refinement realm disciples who had reached the ninth Qi refinement realm. These people all had the chance to break through to the Golden core realm. Just from these numbers, one could tell how terrifying the first heaven society was.