Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 300: Cutting of the mother tree (1)

Xia ruofei returned to his room and locked the door and windows impatiently. Then, he summoned the spirit map scroll from his palm and disappeared from the room with a thought. In the next moment, he was already next to the iron cage in the new space. There was a faint sweet smell in the air because Xia ruofei had placed some ripe fruits in the cage as temporary food for the Hornets. Blackie and the rest were overjoyed at Xia ruofei’s appearance. Although the space was very spacious, it was still too quiet at the moment. For the lively dogs, it was a little boring. Hence, every time Xia ruofei appeared in the medium, Blackie and the rest would rush over to play with him. However, this time, Xia ruofei appeared next to the hornet’s nest, which they were terrified of. They hesitated and stopped halfway, as if they were having a mental struggle. Xia ruofei laughed and waved his hand to let them play by themselves. Then, he focused his attention on the dozen or so tea tree branches at the top of the iron cage, and his eyes became a little heated. With a thought from Xia ruofei, 12 tea tree branches were lifted by an invisible force and floated into Xia ruofei’s hands. Now that Xia ruofei’s control of space had improved, he could do things like this with ease. Xia ruofei looked at the branches of the tea tree carefully and realized that the leaves were still green as if they had just been cut from the tree. In fact, when Xia ruofei obtained these branches, they had just been cut from the big red Robe mother tree by the technicians. After Xia ruofei put them into the space, they were kept in their original state without any direct contact with the soil. There were no changes. Xia ruofei took these branches and moved them to the original space with a thought. If he wanted to quickly form a certain scale of planting, he had to make use of the time flow in the original space. Therefore, he had to plant the tea trees in the original space in the early stages. Now, the original space had already formed a plantation area. In the distance was a forest formed by Phoebe zhennan trees, and ginseng was planted all over the side of the forest. The part near the spatial spirit pool, where the vegetable field used to be, was now planted with thousands of iron – Skin dendrobes. Xia ruofei brought the tea tree branches to the other side of the ginseng field. He was going to cultivate a tea tree forest here. Xia ruofei put down the branch and had a thought. The shovel, hoe, watering can, tidying box, and other tools that were neatly placed next to the spatial spirit pond were all carried by the invisible force of the space and directly flew over. Then, the water in the spatial spirit pond was also sucked up by an invisible force. It drew a beautiful arc in the air and accurately fell into the plastic tidying box, filling it just enough. Xia ruofei’s control of space was getting better and better. He felt like he was in control of the creator and he enjoyed this feeling. Of course, Xia ruofei had also deliberately used every opportunity to practice, so that he could be more familiar with the use of space power. He believed that as long as the space continued to upgrade and he continued to become stronger, one day, he could even move mountains and fill seas in the space. The cutting process was very simple. Xia ruofei dug a hole in the ground and inserted the branches of the tea tree into it. Then, he filled the space with soil and watered it with the space spirit pond water. In the end, Xia ruofei directly sucked out a tidying box that contained the diluted petal solution and watered the leaves and roots of the tea tree with some petal solution. This was a great success. Then, Xia ruofei went to the iron – Skin Dendrobium. After a few days, the iron – Skin Dendrobium had grown a lot. Xia ruofei cut down the half – mature branches again and used the free vegetable field for cutting to further expand the planting scale. Previously, Xia ruofei had cut the 20 – odd iron – Skin dendrobes into about 1000 pieces. This time, he continued to cut and increased the planting scale to about 5000 pieces before stopping. This was because he had been working for nearly 20 hours. During this time, he would drink some spirit pool water when he was thirsty and the petal solution when he was tired. Moreover, he had used his Space Force as an aid, so he had been working at a very high efficiency. This was also the longest time Xia ruofei had stayed in the medium ever since he obtained the spirit map. Even after taking the petal solution and the spatial spirit pool water, Xia ruofei still felt very tired. Hence, he decided to stop working for the time being. His goal was to plant 10000 stalks of iron – Skin dendrobes in the medium. At the moment, it was definitely enough to plant ears, but he couldn’t keep up with the tedious and repetitive work alone. Therefore, he decided to cut about 1000 plants in batches. In the outside world, it would take two to three years for the iron – Skin Dendrobium to mature and be harvested, but in the original space, it would basically take about a month. Xia ruofei dragged his exhausted body out of the spirit map space. As for the old Silkwood, Xia ruofei kept it in the medium for the time being. Firstly, it was safer. Secondly, every day that passed in the outside world was equivalent to a month in the medium. In this way, he could leave it for two more days to let it weather more thoroughly, and the quality of the material would naturally be higher. After returning to the bedroom, Xia ruofei looked at the time. It had only been less than an hour in the outside world. Xia ruofei took a hot shower in the bathroom and drank some flower petal solution. She felt a little better and went downstairs for dinner. Pang Hao didn’t return to the city either. Starting from tomorrow, the greenhouse would be providing vegetables. It was the first time Cao tieshu and the others were in charge of this work, so pang Hao was a little worried. Thus, he decided to stay behind and keep an eye on them the next morning. Xia ruofei’s Villa had a few guest rooms anyway. It would not be a problem for pang Hao to stay the night. After the three of them had dinner, Xia ruofei returned to his room, saying that he was tired from the journey. He gave Ling Qingxue a call. After the two of them chatted for a while, Xia ruofei went to bed. After working for more than 20 hours, Xia ruofei soon fell asleep. When Xia ruofei woke up the next day, the greenhouse had already completed the first supply of vegetables. It could be said that the vegetable planting was on the right track. Pang Hao and Cao tieshu were calculating the current daily output of the vegetable greenhouse and how much surplus there was after supplying it to the two catering companies. Xia ruofei gave the number of Hengfeng group’s office manager in Rong city to pang Hao. He asked pang Hao to contact the other party for the specific supply plan. Now that there were more and more things to do on the farm, Xia ruofei was starting to let go. This was also a form of training for pang Hao. Xia ruofei’s position in him was not only to manage the finances. After breakfast, Xia ruofei left the farm in his pickup truck. There were still a lot of things waiting for him to do today.Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com