Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

2994 Â Spatial nested_1

Â  Â  "You can see what's special about it?" Xia ruofei asked curiously using telepathy.

Â  Bai Qingqing was shocked and jumped up from where she was standing.""Hey! Can you not be so scary? When did you secretly hide at the side to peep?"

Â  Xia ruofei smiled and asked,"you're not human either ... How can you say it's scary?" Besides, this entire space is mine. I'm just patrolling the area, what's wrong with that?"

Â  "You're cursing a human ... A Fox?" Bai Qingqing rolled her eyes like a human and said,"I strongly protest!"

Â  "Cut the crap ..." Xia ruofei laughed and scolded,"what were you mumbling to yourself just now?" You can also tell that this storage ring is special?"

Â  "It's just a simple spatial nesting," Bai Qingqing pouted."Anyone can see it, right?"

Â  Xia ruofei was very embarrassed. Fortunately, he was in the outside world and could only use his mind to explore the space, so Bai Qingqing could not see his expression.

Â  Xia ruofei said,"spatial nested?" Can you explain it to me?"

Â  "I almost forgot," Bai Qingqing said."You humans have terrible spatial abilities ..."

Â  "Speak properly!" Xia ruofei said unhappily.

Â  Bai Qingqing grinned and said,'but ... From your tone, you must have noticed something strange, right? It's already not easy ..."

Â  Before Bai Qingqing could finish her sentence, she felt a force wrap around her and lift her small body up. This force was also squeezing her. Äiscover nğ’†w chaptğ’†rs ğ’n n0ğ’—e(l)biğ’(.)com

Â  Bai Qingqing shouted,"stop! Stop! Stop! Stop!" I'm just joking, how can you be so angry?"

Â  Xia ruofei snorted and said,""Can we talk properly now?"

Â  "I'll tell you if you put me down!" Bai Qingqing said.

Â  As soon as it finished speaking, it felt the force restraining its body disappear into thin air. Then, it fell to the ground with a bang, raising a cloud of dust.

Â  Bai Qingqing didn't seem to care. She rolled on the ground and stood up, shaking off the dust on her body, and then said,""Out of these two storage rings, only one of them has a nested space ..."

Â  Xia ruofei impatiently took out the storage ring that he felt was a little special and placed it in front of Bai Qingqing. Then, he said,""Don't test me, I know this is the so - called space nested. You just need to tell me what a spatial nested array is. "

Â  Bai Qingqing giggled as she touched the storage ring with her claws,""It's very simple. As the name implies, space nesting is an even smaller space inside the ring. For you humans, this can only be done by cultivators who have a better understanding of the rules of space. I guess the person who made this storage ring should be a master of space. "

Â  The Grand cloud scholar was an ancient cultivator. The people in the modern cultivation world only knew about him from the notes he left behind. Hence, Xia ruofei didn't know much about him and didn't even know if he was proficient in the rules of space.

Â  "You can continue." Xia ruofei said indifferently.

Â  Bai Qingqing said,"generally speaking, this kind of nested space is more secretive. It's like adding a secret room in the storage ring. That's why you can notice that this storage ring is different from the rest. It means that you have a good understanding of the rules of space!"

Â  Xia ruofei was unmoved by Bai Qingqing's praise. He even felt that she was not praising him, but showing off.

Â  To show off its noble status as the beloved child of the space God ...

Â  Xia ruofei asked patiently,"that is to say, this hidden space is in the storage ring. However, most people can't find it. Even if they did, it would be hard to find it, right?"

Â  Bai Qingqing nodded and said,'that's right! It was possible for cultivators who were sensitive to space to find abnormalities, but it was several times more difficult to find the nested hidden spaces. Generally speaking, this kind of nested space is used by cultivators to store some important treasures, so you may have hit the jackpot with this ring!"

Â  "In other words, you have a way to open the nested space?" Xia ruofei asked.

Â  Bai Qingqing twisted her body proudly and said,""Since I can see it at a glance, I must have a way to open it! Xia ruofei, why don't we cooperate? I'll help you open the nested space, and we'll split the treasures 50 - 50!"

Â  Xia ruofei didn't say a word. He used the invisible power of space to wrap up the storage ring. Then, he took another ordinary storage ring and took them into the stone room in the cave.

Â  There was a restriction at the entrance of the cave. Even the realm Fox, Bai Qingqing, could not enter without alerting Xia ruofei.

Â  Seeing this, Bai Qingqing quickly shouted,"no, no, no!" Can we discuss the share ratio? Why did you suddenly stop talking?"

Â  Xia ruofei laughed."The storage ring is mine. You want a 50 - 50 split? you're not sincere at all. How am I supposed to negotiate?"

Â  "But you wouldn't have been able to open it without my help!" Bai Qingqing said,"my role is still very important!"

Â  Xia ruofei replied indifferently,"I'm not in a hurry!" I don't lack resources now, and I don't even know what's inside. Why should I be in a hurry to open it? In the future, when my cultivation improves, I'll only be in the early jiedan stage! When I reach the late - Stage of the Aurous core stage or even the nascent Soul Stage, will I still be unable to open the nested space of this storage ring? I feel that controlling the entire spirit map world seems to be of great help to my spatial talent! I estimate that after my cultivation improves one or two more times, my understanding of space should also improve by a large level. At that time, it won't be too late for me to try to open this nested space! So ... I won't trouble you ..."

Â  "Don't mind me!" Bai Qingqing hurriedly called out,"since you can open it now, why wait for the future? At worst ... I'll just get a little less. "

Â  Xia ruofei did not say anything else, but he did not continue to bring the storage ring into the stone chamber. He was obviously waiting for Bai Qingqing to speak.

Â  " 30:70," Bai Qingqing said helplessly."You get 70, and I get 30. That's my bottom line ..."

Â  " 20 - 80!" Xia ruofei said without hesitation,"if you agree, do it immediately! If you don't agree, then I'll slowly crack it myself ..."

Â  Bai Qingqing hesitated for a while before stomping her feet and saying,""Alright! I'll do as you say! Little ancestor, can you put down the storage ring now?"

Â  Xia ruofei laughed in his heart. He controlled the invisible spatial force and returned the storage ring to Bai Qingqing. Then, he said,""You can start cracking it! Be careful not to damage the storage ring! I still have great use for it!"

Â  If one of the Rings was broken, should Xia ruofei give the other ring to Song Wei or Ling Qingxue? This was a big problem! Hence, Xia ruofei would rather not crack the so - called nested space than allow the storage ring to be damaged.

Â  "By the way, do you need my help?" Xia ruofei asked.

Â  Bai Qingqing said,"you'll have to do it yourself. I'm only providing technical support. My aura is different from you humans. I can't open the nested space directly!"

Â  Xia ruofei replied without hesitation,""Then the share should be changed to 10 - 9!"