Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

3010 The wonderful mineral space.

In fact, Xia ruofei’s most urgent task was not to crack the nested space in the storage ring, but to study the mysterious ore.

After all, the ore could cause the spirit map space to shake. To Xia ruofei, anything related to the spirit map space was definitely his top priority.

From this point of view, Xia ruofei was actually very happy that Mu Sheng and the others had left in time.

After all, they were outsiders and Mu Sheng and mu Hua were both golden core stage experts. With them staying in the star Seizer sect, Xia ruofei would definitely not be able to use the spirit map space easily.

Now that Mu Sheng and the others had left, Luo Qingfeng, as the sect leader, had absolute control over the star Seizer sect. Naturally, Xia ruofei did not need to worry too much.

Furthermore, zhaixing tower was a forbidden area of the zhaixing sect. Luo Qingfeng was the number one expert of the zhaixing sect, so there was no problem with the internal security. As for the outside world, although the star Seizer sect’s defensive formation was ordinary, it was enough to buy them some time.

Upon hearing this, Luo Qingfeng quickly said,””Yes! Master!”

The two of them went straight to the tenth floor. Luo Qingfeng brought Xia ruofei into the quiet cultivation room that he usually used. Then, he sent out some of the disciples who worked in zhaixing tower. No one else was left in the entire building except for him and Xia ruofei.

Luo Qingfeng had also strictly ordered his disciples not to come within 50 meters of zhaixing tower. Anyone who violated this order would be killed without mercy.

In the past, Luo Qingfeng had often gone into seclusion and was usually strictly forbidden from getting close to him. Therefore, the disciples of the star Seizer sect did not find it strange and just followed his orders.

After everything was arranged, Luo Qingfeng came to the quiet room and said respectfully to Xia ruofei,””Master, everything has been arranged. This old servant is personally guarding the door, and all unrelated people have been driven out. Unless they have eaten a bear’s heart and a leopard’s courage, no one will dare to approach!”

Xia ruofei nodded in satisfaction and said,””You can leave first! Remember, no matter what happens later, don’t come in unless I call you!”

Luo Qingfeng was slightly stunned and thought to himself,”Could it be that master was about to break through again? It can’t be that fast, right? To break through a level in ten days to half a month, that was simply against the rules of cultivation. No matter how talented he was, it was impossible to do it!

Luo Qingfeng quickly determined that Xia ruofei had other matters to attend to. When he thought of this, he could not help but look worried. He asked,””Master, there won’t be any danger, right?”

“There shouldn’t be any danger. Don’t worry!” Xia ruofei laughed.

In the past, the spirit map space’s upgrades had all been done within the space. Xia ruofei was also preparing for the worst. After all, this mysterious ore was not a world stone. It was unknown what it would bring to the spirit map space.

Hearing this, Luo Qingfeng was slightly relieved and said,””Yes! Master, this old servant will go out first ... If there’s anything, master must call me in time!”

“Don’t worry!” Xia ruofei gave Luo Qingfeng an encouraging smile.

Luo Qingfeng bowed slightly and then left the quiet room.

After Xia ruofei locked the door, he kept throwing out all kinds of talismans and set up layers of protection and isolation barriers in the room.

Then, he walked into the barrier and sat down on the futon.

Xia ruofei flipped his hand and took out the mysterious ore from the spirit map space.

He had kept the ore in the spirit map space but had wrapped it up tightly with spatial energy. Even the spirit map itself had been isolated. Otherwise, Xia ruofei would not have been able to withstand the constant shaking of the spirit map.

When the ore was taken out and the layer of isolation disappeared, the spirit map space immediately trembled. Xia ruofei seemed to be able to feel its joy. It was similar to when the world stone or even earlier ordinary Jade appeared.

But it seemed to be more intense.

Xia ruofei was not in a hurry to try anything. After all, the spirit map space was undoubtedly the most important Foundation for him. Of course, he could not allow any accidents to happen to the spirit map space.

Xia ruofei allowed the spirit map scroll that he had kept in his palm to shake continuously. He held the mysterious ore in his hand and carefully observed it.

This ore looked really unremarkable, with its bumpy and black surface. Xia ruofei weighed the ore in his hand and felt that the weight was not too ridiculous. It seemed to be heavier than normal stones, but it was still within the normal range.

Xia ruofei tried to use his spiritual power to explore the inside of the ore.

Very quickly, he discovered something unusual. Naturally, he couldn’t find anything with his psyche either. Otherwise, there was no way that Chen Xuan and the experts from the first heaven society wouldn’t have noticed something. However, Xia ruofei’s acute spatial sensing ability still helped him find something unusual.

He had encountered many objects that his spiritual power couldn’t penetrate, but the feeling this time was completely different.

Generally speaking, some treasures in the cultivation world that could not be penetrated by mental power would usually have a layer of shield on the outside. When mental power encountered an obstacle, it could not penetrate the inside.

However, when Xia ruofei examined the mysterious ore, the situation was slightly different.

Other objects that his power of the will couldn’t penetrate were protected by a hard outer shell, but this ore was covered in thick cotton. Or more precisely, it was wrapped in an atmosphere.

Xia ruofei’s spiritual power felt like it was sinking into the sea and he would soon lose contact with it.

In other words, this ore could actually absorb spiritual energy!

Of course, the reason why Xia ruofei was able to notice the abnormality that even the experts of the first heaven society could not notice was also because of the spiritual power he had obtained from cultivating the great Dao technique.

Xia ruofei had long realized that his mental strength was much stronger than cultivators of the same level. Even cultivators of the same level could not compare to him in terms of the purity of mental strength.

Although the trace of spiritual energy that was released was quickly absorbed, Xia ruofei still received an unusual message in a flash.

He felt as if his spiritual power had entered a wondrous space, or rather, it was a special space formed by overlapping spaces.

Xia ruofei was sure that Chen Xuan and the other experts of the first heaven society did not have similar discoveries. Or perhaps they did not have enough talent in space. Even if they did find something, they would not be able to detect it. Instead, they did not dare to try again because their spiritual energy had been devoured.

Xia ruofei was able to discover this interesting situation with his sharp senses. Other than his sensitivity to the rules of space, he also benefited from the concept of space nested that Bai Qingqing had told him about. The interior of the ore was actually similar to the structure of space nested, but it was much more complicated than what Bai Qingqing had described.

Xia ruofei continuously released his spiritual power to probe the “atmosphere” inside the ore and got more detailed information.

The internal space was truly incomparably complicated. Basically, thousands of spaces interweaved, nested, and stacked with each other, forming an extremely complicated relative relationship.

There were so many spaces and Xia ruofei could not study them one by one. Moreover, every time he used his spiritual power to explore, it would only last for one – tenth of a second before it was devoured. In such a short period of time, the information he could obtain was very limited.

Xia ruofei’s spiritual power was very strong. He didn’t mind losing a little bit of spiritual power as he could recover it quickly.

Therefore, he was also happy to continuously release wisps of mental power, which he explored into the ore.

Of course, he didn’t expect to be able to study all of those spaces. With his understanding of space, it was impossible. If it was the realm Fox Bai Qingqing, there might be hope. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

However, after a period of investigation, Xia ruofei had made a discovery.

First of all, the many spaces inside seemed to have their own independent rules.

Secondly, these spaces that operated according to different rules were nested together, and the rules also affected each other, forming more complex secondary and tertiary rules.

In addition, he also discovered that the relationships between these spaces were not static. In other words, these spaces seemed to be in a state of motion.

This meant that after the inter – spatial relationships changed, new rules would be produced.

In terms of the number of internal spaces, the changes were simply endless.

...

Xia ruofei studied it for a while and was even a little reluctant to use it. He had a feeling that if he gave it to the spirit map scroll, it would most likely be absorbed.

However, this ore actually had such a wonderful spatial structure inside. If it was directly absorbed, wouldn’t it be a waste of God’s gift?

Xia ruofei studied it for a while. It was as if he had just gotten a fun toy and he couldn’t bear to let go.

Furthermore, Xia ruofei realized that his understanding of the laws of space had improved in a short period of time.

Xia ruofei did not expect to gain something from studying the complicated and exquisite interior of the ore.

In this way, he was even more reluctant to give the ore directly to the spirit map to devour the Tao Wu. Of course, he didn’t know whether the spirit map would devour the ore, but the possibility was higher.

Xia ruofei felt that he was not in a hurry anyway. He might as well study the internal spatial structure of the ore for a while. At least, he had to extract all its value before handing it over to the spirit map space to work with!

As for his mental energy, if he used it up, he could cultivate the great Dao Arts. It would recover quite quickly.

After making up his mind, Xia ruofei decided to go inside the spirit map space to visit Tao Wu. He could set up a time flow that was at most 2000 times faster than normal. Besides, the spiritual Qi was extremely rich, and it would be more convenient for him to cultivate and recover his spiritual power.

With this in mind, Xia ruofei directly summoned the spirit map scroll from his palm and carefully hid it in a corner within the boundary of the quiet room. Then, with a thought, he disappeared from the quiet room along with the ore. The next moment, he appeared in the spirit map space of the primal realm.

...