Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

3011 Spirit body out of body (1)

To prevent any accidents, Xia ruofei used his spatial energy to wrap the ore in layers the moment he entered the spirit map space. Then, he came to the square in front of the Linglong Pagoda. After setting up the time formation flag, he sat in the time formation and began to study the mysterious ore.

Xia ruofei was using a stupid method. He kept using his spiritual power to search, hoping to get more information.

Each wisp of spiritual power could only support one – tenth of a second at most, and the information transmitted back was very limited.

However, the space inside the ore was very exquisite and Xia ruofei happened to have a deep understanding of space. He could always gain something from the limited information, so he never got tired of it.

Every time his mental power was gone, it would never return, so the consumption was naturally very large.

Even if Xia ruofei’s spiritual power was strong, he could not hold on for long under such a rapid consumption.

Moreover, he was so engrossed in the wonderful spatial structure inside the ore that he was completely unaware of the loss of his spiritual power.

Unconsciously, Xia ruofei felt that his spiritual energy was about to be exhausted. His head was throbbing, so he quickly stopped.

After checking himself, Xia ruofei realized that his spiritual energy had been exhausted. He looked at the time and realized that only a few hours had passed.

And this was after each wisp of mental energy was devoured. Xia ruofei had to spend a little time to understand the information that the wisp of mental energy had obtained. Otherwise, with the consumption rate like a clay ox entering the sea and taking in all the information, Xia ruofei’s mental energy would not last for an hour no matter what.

A clever housewife can not cook without rice. Xia ruofei could not continue with his spiritual power, so he could only stop temporarily.

He took some water from the spiritual pond and drank it. Then, he sat cross – legged on the Jade futon and started to practice the great Dao formula. This way, he could increase his cultivation and speed up the recovery of his spiritual power. This was something that Xia ruofei had discovered before.

Xia ruofei was not in a hurry. He cultivated slowly while waiting for his spiritual power to recover.

When his mental power was almost fully recovered, he picked up the mysterious ore and began to study it again.

Time passed by slowly.

After a few rounds of recovery, Xia ruofei felt that his mental strength had been tempered. Of course, the effect was not particularly obvious but it was an unexpected gain.

His greatest gain was naturally his understanding of the laws of space.

There were tens of thousands of spaces within the ore, completely overlapping with each other.

Each of these small spaces had incomplete rules and were completely incomparable to the space outside. In fact, they were much worse than the rules of the spirit map.

The rules of the spirit map space were constantly being perfected. Every time the space was upgraded, the rules of the space would become more complete and closer to the outside world.

However, there were so many small spaces in the ore, each with its own characteristics and emphasis. The incomplete laws allowed Xia ruofei to comprehend them more clearly.

This was because they would not be affected by other laws.

Xia ruofei’s understanding of the laws of space was gradually accumulating and becoming deeper.

However, the information that he could obtain through his spiritual power was very limited. Xia ruofei was gradually not satisfied with this speed.

So he tried to release two spiritual powers at the same time, so he could get more information.

Then, three, four ...

Xia ruofei continued to increase the amount of information he received. Of course, the speed at which his spiritual power was being consumed was also getting faster. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

The information on the rules of space was very intricate. Xia ruofei would unknowingly be immersed in it. When he released nine rays of spiritual power in a single shot, he did not realize that the spiritual power in his body had been exhausted again. It was almost dried up.

At this moment, a change suddenly occurred.

Xia ruofei felt a huge pulling force coming from the direction of his spiritual power. He wanted to resist it subconsciously but realized that his spiritual power had been exhausted.

Xia ruofei felt like the world was spinning. It was similar to the first time he entered the spirit map space, but there was a clear difference. At least, it was much more intense.

Then, Xia ruofei felt that he had arrived in a chaotic space.

Xia ruofei was very familiar with this state of his. He immediately realized that he was in a spiritual state. When he was cultivating the “Scripture of the primogenitor” with Song Wei or Ling Qingxue, he was in this state.

In other words, the huge pulling force had forcefully pulled Xia ruofei’s spiritual body out of his sea of consciousness and into this chaotic space.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but feel shocked and worried at the same time. He felt that this was the biggest crisis he had ever encountered since he started cultivating, and it was unknown whether it would be good or bad ...

He was already completely unable to contact the outside world, but after a brief moment of panic, he still steadied his mind.

Xia ruofei had experienced life and death situations many times since he joined the Army. He had long understood the principle that the more difficult the situation was, the more he had to maintain his composure. Even if he was in a desperate situation, he had to remain absolutely calm. Otherwise, the situation would only get worse.