Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

3012 Spirit body out of body (2)

After Xia ruofei cleared his mind of all his worries and distracting thoughts, he began to feel a sense of familiarity with the space he was in.

Soon, Xia ruofei realized that he was in one of the many small spaces in the mysterious ore. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

This discovery made the usually tough Xia ruofei feel a sense of powerlessness. There were countless small spaces inside the ore, and many of them were overlapping with each other. The rules were quite complicated. How could he break through the space and escape?

Besides, Xia ruofei had been observing the inner space of the ore for a long time today. He knew that the space was intertwined and extremely complicated. Even if he could break open this space, there was a high chance that he would enter another small space and not leave this place.

Moreover, once he fell into the more complicated space stacking area, he could not be sure if his spirit body would be injured.

Speaking of which, Xia ruofei was not unfamiliar with the experience of a spirit leaving one’s body.

However, in the past, he had only entered Song Wei’s or Ling Qingxue’s sea of consciousness. This was the first time he had left his body and entered such a complicated space.

Xia ruofei could not help but fall into a dilemma.

If he stayed here and didn’t move, he would most likely be trapped to death.

And if he acted rashly, it was likely to bring unpredictable danger, or he might be completely lost in this extremely complicated space community.

Xia ruofei thought hard, but he could not find a good solution.

He couldn’t help but regret his extreme actions. Xia ruofei had felt that it was his nine streams of mental energy that had entered the ore space at the same time that had caused this change. Furthermore, his mental energy was almost exhausted. He didn’t even have the time to resist before his spirit body was extracted from his body.

If he had been as steady as he had been at the beginning and had only used one wisp of spiritual power, this situation would most likely not have occurred.

However, it was too late to regret now. Danger always coexisted with opportunity. Xia ruofei’s many years of experience had made him extremely determined. Naturally, he would not give up easily just because of the current situation.

After a long time of thinking, Xia ruofei finally made a decision.

In fact, he had no other choice. There was only one path he could take.

As for what would happen after he broke it, he could only take one step at a time. In any case, staying here was equivalent to waiting for death. Only by finding a way to leave this small space could he seize any possible opportunity.

Hence, Xia ruofei no longer had any distracting thoughts. He started to focus on understanding the rules of the small space where his spirit body was.

Previously, Xia ruofei could only rely on his spiritual power to enter and obtain limited information for a short period of time before he was devoured. Now, it was completely different. His spirit body was in the small space and he could feel the rules of this small space as much as he wanted. Naturally, he could obtain more and more information without any time limit.

In a sense, this way of comprehending the rules of the small space was many times more efficient than using his spiritual power to investigate.

If not for the fact that his spirit body was trapped and his safety was unknown, Xia ruofei would have cheered for him.

However, he could not be happy at all because he knew very well that even if he broke through this small space, it was extremely likely that he would be welcomed by another small space or an even more dangerous region of stacked spaces.

The small space where Xia ruofei’s spiritual body was located was an area that he had not detected with his spiritual power.

This was very normal. After all, there were countless small spaces inside the ore. In such a short time, from a probability point of view, the possibility that Xia ruofei had explored it before was extremely low.

Fortunately, this small space was similar to the small space that Xia ruofei had previously explored. The rules were relatively simple.

Of course, the simplicity was relative. Compared to the spirit map space and even the space outside, the rules here were definitely relatively simple.

In fact, the laws of space were a high – Level law second only to the laws of time. As long as the laws of space were involved, there was basically nothing simple.

Otherwise, there wouldn’t be a situation where no one in the cultivation world could forge storage rings.

Xia ruofei had benefited from controlling the spirit map space for a long time and had a deeper understanding of the rules of space. Compared to cultivators of the same level, his understanding of the rules of space was far ahead of others.

Hence, although Xia ruofei was a little confused about the rules of this small space, he was not at a loss.

He could directly sense the rules of this small space from the inside, so it was naturally more convenient for him to comprehend.

Xia ruofei was immersed in the comprehension of the laws of space. In this small space, Xia ruofei could analyze, interpret, and comprehend the laws of space that were extremely complicated to ordinary cultivators.

Unconsciously, Xia ruofei felt a little happy. He controlled the spirit body and flew towards a certain place in the small space.

By now, Xia ruofei had already understood the rules of this small space and easily found the weakest point.

As expected, under the attack of the spirit body, the small space was broken open without any resistance.

The moment Xia ruofei rushed out, he felt a completely different space rule. It was also a relatively simple incomplete rule.

He laughed bitterly in his heart. This was clearly another small space.

Although he already knew that after breaking through that small space, there was a high probability that he would enter another small space. The probability of directly breaking through the ore space and returning to the spirit map space at the beginning realm was extremely low. However, when he actually entered the other small space, Xia ruofei could not help but sigh.

When he was comprehending the laws of space, his concept of time was a little vague. However, after breaking through the small space, Xia ruofei sensed that he had spent ten whole days in that small space.

There were tens of thousands of spaces inside the ore, and the small space just now was a relatively simple space, but it took so long.

Xia ruofei suddenly felt that the road ahead was long.

However, since he was already in such a situation, he had to continue on no matter how long the road was.

Fortunately, a spirit body was not like a physical body, so it was fine even if he did not eat or drink.

However, Xia ruofei was a little worried. His physical body was still at the initial stage in the spirit map space. Could he have died after sitting there for ten days without eating or drinking? He didn’t know how long it would take for him to get out. By the time he got out, his body would have already been reduced to mud.

If that was the case, then the joke had gone too far.

Thinking of this, Xia ruofei felt even more anxious.

After a short rest, Xia ruofei started to understand the rules of this space.

Basically, the rules of these small spaces were different, so Xia ruofei had to start from the beginning. Some of the rules even conflicted with each other, making it even more difficult to understand.

This small space was similar to the previous one. There was only one rule. Xia ruofei spent more than eight days and finally understood the rules of this space. He also successfully found the weakest node and broke through.

Next, Xia ruofei was like a wandering spirit, shuttling through countless small spaces.

In the beginning, he would try his best to record every space he passed, especially the node where he broke through the space, and he would put more emphasis on remembering it. This was equivalent to remembering the path one had taken while playing the maze.

However, after traveling through so many spaces, Xia ruofei could not remember all of them.

Moreover, he had observed from the outside that the space inside the ore was constantly moving, and the relationship between the small spaces was also constantly changing. Therefore, he knew that it would be useless to record it, so he simply gave up.

As time passed, Xia ruofei could not remember how many laws of space he had comprehended. He could only feel that his understanding of the laws of space had improved by leaps and bounds. There was an obvious improvement every day. He was like a dry sponge, absorbing nutrients tirelessly.

...

Regardless of whether he was active or passive, Xia ruofei had gained a lot from the space rules.