Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

3013 The long years (1)

Xia ruofei was even numb to time.

In the beginning, he was worried that the spirit body would leave the body for a long time, which would cause various unpredictable bad results, but later, he had no choice but to recognize the reality: All his worries were in vain. He could only do what he could do as well as possible and as soon as possible.

Xia ruofei couldn’t remember how many small spaces he had been to. Usually, if the rules were relatively simple and the structure was simple, he would have spent ten days to a month. If the rules were more complicated, it was normal to be trapped for a few months.

Xia ruofei even encountered a few dangerous situations. After breaking through a small space, he would fall into an area where two or more spaces overlapped. The space rules in this area were very chaotic. If he could not find a safe area to avoid in time, the spirit body would be hurt or even killed.

If the spirit body was destroyed, then the soul would really be scattered.

Hence, it was the first time Xia ruofei had encountered a folded space. The situation was extremely dangerous. Fortunately, his calm mind played a role at the critical moment. He found a relatively stable area in the shortest time possible so that the spirit body had a safe place to live.

Even so, his spirit body had suffered considerable damage.

Fortunately, the space inside the ore seemed to be connected to the outside world. In other words, the rich spiritual energy of the primal level in the spirit map space of the mysterious ore could also seep in. Hence, Xia ruofei spent almost a month studying the laws of the layered space while absorbing spiritual energy to recover his spiritual body. Finally, he was able to gradually recover his spiritual body.

It was precisely because he could always absorb the spirit Qi from the spirit map space that he had the confidence that he would be able to break through one day.

It was considered fast to recover his spiritual body in a month. Xia ruofei could feel that his spiritual body had recovered after being damaged by the shattered space. It was more solid than before. It seemed like there were benefits to building up again after being destroyed.

However, it was easy for a spirit body to recover, but it was not so easy to break through this kind of complicated layered spatial region.

It was the first time Xia ruofei had encountered such a layered space. He had been trapped for five years. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

He studied the laws of this layered space without rest. After the two spaces overlapped, the complexity of the laws increased exponentially. The effects and interactions between the different laws were endless. Xia ruofei patiently deduced and comprehended. Finally, on the fifth year, he successfully broke through this region.

As Xia ruofei’s understanding of the rules of space deepened, the speed at which he was breaking the small space also increased.

This was especially true for independent spaces with relatively simple rules. He would need a few days at the start, but as he progressed, he would be able to complete it in one or two days.

Moreover, these independent spaces were the most common. After Xia ruofei encountered them many times, he had gained a lot of experience.

When Xia ruofei encountered two overlapping small spaces again, he was not as flustered as the first time. He could protect the spirit steadily and then slowly break it.

And as the number of times he did it increased, the speed at which he cracked this kind of spatial region also slowly increased.

Xia ruofei’s worst experience was when he was trapped in an area where three small spaces intersected at the same time. The spatial rules in this area were extremely chaotic! In the past ten years, Xia ruofei had not been able to make any sense of it. All the rules seemed to have become a pot of mush or a huge mess. He could not find any way to break through.

Even with Xia ruofei’s strong will, he could not help but feel a sense of despair when faced with such a situation.

He gritted his teeth and persevered. Finally, on the eleventh year, he caught a flash of inspiration in his mind.

As the saying goes, everything is difficult at the beginning. The fear was that they could not even find a breakthrough. Once they found the correct and effective breakthrough, even if the later process was still complicated and arduous, they could always see hope in front.

This was the case this time. After Xia ruofei had grasped that fleeting inspiration, the chaotic spatial laws gradually became orderly in his eyes. He had used a full 30 years, spinning silk from a cocoon and moving forward with great difficulty. Finally, he had gnawed on this hard bone.

These small spaces and overlapping areas seemed to be endless. After breaking one, Xia ruofei would have to face another more difficult space.

As the years went by, Xia ruofei began to encounter the space that he had cracked before.

In other words, to a certain extent, he was already walking back, but he still didn’t see any hope of breaking through this mysterious ore space.

Of course, Xia ruofei had already confirmed that these small spaces were actually moving. Hence, he did not really go back.

Whenever he came across a space that he had cracked before, Xia ruofei would stop for a short while to re – understand the rules of the space.

After so many years of accumulation, Xia ruofei’s comprehension of space was ten times or a hundred times better than before. Looking back, when he first entered this world, his understanding of the laws of space was very shallow.