Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

3014 The passing of time (2)

Therefore, if one tried to comprehend it again, they would often gain new gains.

As the saying goes, review the old to know the new.

Besides, whenever Xia ruofei encountered a small space that he had been to before, he would not break through from the same spatial node. Instead, after reviewing the old and re – comprehending the new, he would choose a relatively weaker spatial node and break it easily.

Naturally, he did this to avoid falling into an endless loop.

Just like that, Xia ruofei’s spirit body traveled through the seemingly endless space, year after year.

Sometimes, he would stop.

Every time this happened, he would feel an inexplicable sadness in his heart.

After so much time had passed, his body, which was at the primordial realm while sitting cross – legged in the spirit map space, had probably been reduced to mud ...

Even if he could break open the internal space of the mysterious ore and return to the spirit map space, what would he do without a physical body?

Speaking of which, this ore space was quite magical. His spirit body had been here for so many years. According to the cultivation ancient books he had read, his spirit body should have been gradually worn away. A spirit body that had left the physical body could not survive for a long time. Even if it could absorb spiritual energy to supplement it, it could not suppress the loss. This was the law of nature.

Only after reaching the leaving aperture realm would one’s spirit body be able to leave one’s physical body freely and drift outside for a long period of time.

However, after so many years in the inner space of the ore, Xia ruofei’s spirit body had not been damaged at all, except for the occasional injury caused by the complicated and dangerous overlapping space. Moreover, after the spirit body had absorbed the spiritual Qi, it could recover smoothly. Usually, after each injury, the spirit body would become more solid.

If it wasn’t for the fact that the pain of a spiritual body being injured was ten times or even a hundred times more painful than the physical body, Xia ruofei would have massacred himself.

However, as long as one had experienced the pain of a spirit body being injured, the pain would definitely be engraved in one’s heart. It was absolutely impossible for one to take the initiative to try again. Even if one thought about it, one could not help but tremble.

Thinking that his physical body might have already died, Xia ruofei couldn’t help but feel a little discouraged.

If he were to break open the internal space of the ore, his spirit body would return to the spirit map space. Without the protection of his physical body, his spirit body would probably only be able to survive for a few years at most before it would be completely exhausted.

In comparison, it seemed that staying inside the space of the ore was a better choice!

It’s better to live than to die!

However, every time he had such a thought, Xia ruofei would quickly cut it off.

He told himself directly,”this must be an inner demon!” The heart’s devil that was born over the long years! You want me to sink into this place forever!

In fact, the small spaces inside the ore did not even have complete laws. In Xia ruofei’s eyes, these primitive small spaces were always lifeless without a trace of vitality. If he were to be locked in here forever, he would be better off dead.

People often pursued eternal life. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

The ultimate goal of a cultivator’s cultivation was often eternal life.

But was eternal life really that attractive?

After spending a long time in the ore space, Xia ruofei had understood one thing: Immortality without any hope or goal was even more terrifying than death.

Death often meant that everything was over, and eternal life meant that even if it was extremely painful, one could only continue to live in such pain.

When Xia ruofei was in elementary school, he had read a short science fiction novel. The background of the story was that an alien civilization had achieved eternal life through scientific means. A huge server had stored everyone’s memory in real time, including everyone’s DNA. At that time, the alien civilization had already eliminated diseases. If a person died in an accident, the eternal life machine would use his DNA to make an identical person and implant his own memory. This was also the way to achieve immortality.

Just thinking about it was a scene that everyone yearned for!

But what was the actual situation? It was the exact opposite.

After this alien civilization achieved eternal life, they had banned reproduction. In other words, the population of this civilization would never change.

In the first ten thousand years, everyone was reveling to their heart’s content. They had played all that could be played, because they already had an endless life.

As time passed, the humans of this civilization began to become more and more empty. They were tired of all forms of entertainment and even treated life – and – Death battles as a game. The two armies fought on the battlefield for excitement.

Later on, some of them had a mental breakdown, and the endless life force made them feel despair.

Many people began to attempt suicide, but whether it was suicide or an accident, the eternal life machine would resurrect the person very accurately, and those who committed suicide all failed without exception.

Thus, everyone began to try to destroy the eternal machine, but the highest level of protection and extremely powerful recovery ability made all their efforts in vain.

Everyone could only live in emptiness and despair, with no end in sight.

The ending of the story was also somewhat unexpected. In the end, time defeated the eternal machine. After countless years, the eternal machine itself could not resist the erosion of time and finally stopped working.

When everyone heard the news, the entire civilization cheered.”We can finally choose death!”

When the young Xia ruofei first read the story, he could not understand it at all. At the age where he had just learned about life and death,”immortality” was something that people yearned for. How could he really be ‘tired of living’?

After spending a long time in the ore space, Xia ruofei finally understood the story.

Without the simultaneous development of spiritual civilization, eternal life was really a terrifying thing.

It was because of this that Xia ruofei’s faith was firm from the beginning to the end. He had to break open this ore space, even if he could not survive long after returning to the spirit map space.

Of course, Xia ruofei couldn’t have been comprehending the spatial rules all the time. After all, he was a human, not a machine.

However, because he did not have a physical body and was only in the state of a spirit body, he could not cultivate. Therefore, during this period of time, he took out a large number of ancient books and records from his mind and slowly studied them, as a way to regulate his body.

Of course, most of the time, he was still comprehending the spatial rules.

It was just that this period of time was really too long. Even if it was only a small part of the time that he ‘did not do his proper work, the accumulation was still quite considerable.

Xia ruofei had basically studied all the books in the Jade talisman of inheritance.

In the past, it was only “stored” in his mind. Now, this valuable wealth of knowledge had truly become Xia ruofei ‘s.

Just like that, Xia ruofei spent year after year of loneliness in the ore space.

On this day, he faced the three layered small space in front of him and let out a long breath.

He had been trapped here for three years, and today, he had finally understood the laws of this area. His understanding of the laws of space was now very profound. He still remembered the first time he had fallen into the triple – layered small space folding area and had almost lost his life. It had taken him several decades to break out of that area.

But this time, he had completely comprehended it in a short three years. It could be seen how much he had improved in the laws of space over this long period of time!

Xia ruofei’s spirit body followed a strange route and floated towards a seemingly dangerous spatial node without hesitation. He did not receive any attacks and directly passed through the spatial node. When he was cracking the spatial laws, he had already mastered the technique of lifting heavy objects as if they were light.

This time, when Xia ruofei’s spirit body broke through the spatial zone, he did not feel the familiar spatial aura. Instead, he felt a burning sensation as if he had been thrown into a pot of boiling oil.

...