Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

3015 A thousand years in an instant (1)

Xia ruofei was caught off guard by this sudden situation. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Over the years, Xia ruofei had gotten used to all kinds of unexpected situations. However, most of them were the instantaneous damage caused by the chaotic laws of space when he entered an area with overlapping layers of space.

This was the first time he had encountered such a situation.

Xia ruofei felt as if his spirit body was melting like snow under strong sunlight.

Could it be that the spirit body couldn’t stand the erosion of time and was about to collapse?

When this thought came to Xia ruofei’s mind, he felt a little sad, but at the same time, he felt relieved.

After all, for so many years, they had been shuttling back and forth in these small, lifeless spaces. There was no hope of escape at all. Those with a slightly weaker will would have gone crazy long ago.

From the moment Xia ruofei broke through the three layers of space to the moment he felt that his spirit body was about to melt, everything had happened in a flash.

Xia ruofei only had time to think of this before he felt a strong suction force that caused his spirit body to fly in one direction.

At this moment, Xia ruofei realized that his environment had completely changed.

This place was full of vitality, rich in spiritual energy, and all he could see was an exuberant green.

The scene in front of him was both familiar and strange.

It was familiar because this was the spirit map space’s primal realm. Xia ruofei had been here countless times.

The unfamiliarity was because Xia ruofei had been trapped in the ore space for too many years.

Before he was trapped, Xia ruofei had only lived for about 20 years. However, in the space inside the ore, just the complex three – layer space could trap him for decades.

After such a long time, Xia ruofei had a strange feeling about everything that happened before he was trapped.

He was out of trouble just like that?

It was as if a lifetime had passed.

He was really caught off guard! This sudden happiness stunned Xia ruofei. He did not even resist when his spirit body was being pulled in one direction by the strong suction force.

He was completely oblivious to the pain that felt like the scorching sun.

Xia ruofei only came back to his senses when the fluttering feeling disappeared and he could feel his feet on the ground again.

He was surprised to find that his spirit body had returned to his physical body.

It seemed that the suction force just now came from his physical body.

Xia ruofei revealed a look of disbelief. He even suspected that he had been trapped in the space of the ore for too long, causing him to have such a realistic illusion.

It had been so many years, how could his body still be there? Even if his spirit body had not left his body, his physical body should have died long ago!

Xia ruofei tried to move his fingers and then his neck ...

There was no problem!

If it wasn’t for the fact that cultivators were very familiar with their own bodies, Xia ruofei would have thought that he had ‘possessed’ someone else’s body.

However, it was impossible for anyone else to appear in the spirit map space.

Originally, there was no need to confirm it. However, this matter was really beyond his understanding, so Xia ruofei felt that it was best to confirm it to avoid any mistakes.

As a result, he subconsciously waved his hand, and the invisible force of the spirit map space immediately gathered, instantly forming a smooth mirror. Before he was trapped, this would have been very difficult to do, but now he could easily do it with a thought. It could be seen how much he had improved.

Xia ruofei raised his head with some difficulty and looked at the mirror.

What was presented in front of him was his own appearance!

He was still in his twenties and looked the same as before he was trapped. There was no change at all.

Xia ruofei was stunned. He looked at his reflection in the mirror and did not move for a long time.

These emotions were very complicated. There was surprise, excitement, and an inexplicable feeling ...

Xia ruofei looked at himself in the mirror. His eyes were filled with vicissitudes that could not be erased.

That’s right! He had been trapped inside the ore space for a thousand years. After such a long time, a person’s heart would change, especially when he had spent the past thousand years in such a lifeless and hopeless environment.

Xia ruofei had never thought that he would one day become a thousand – year – old demon ...

After a long time, he waved his hand to disperse the mirror formed by the invisible force of the spirit map space. He turned his head slightly and his eyes fell on the mysterious ore beside him.

Xia ruofei’s eyes were filled with fear.

After being trapped for a thousand years, he was truly afraid of this ore.

Xia ruofei wanted to use his spiritual power to check it out a few times, but he could not overcome the fear in his heart. In the end, he gave up and used the invisible spatial force to wrap the ore up and throw it aside.

After his spiritual body returned to his physical body, Xia ruofei quickly circulated the “great Dao technique” and used his spiritual power to check his body.

He didn’t find any problems, and his cultivation method was running smoothly. His body was still that of a young man in his twenties, and all his functions were no different from before he was trapped.

How could that be possible? Xia ruofei was also in disbelief.

After a thousand years, even if the spirit body was still in the body, the body should have been reduced to mud by now, right? Furthermore, it was a physical body without a spirit body?