Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

3016 A thousand years in an instant (2)

Could it be that the spirit map space had such a function? It could prevent the body from rotting? This was the first thought that came to Xia ruofei’s mind.

However, he quickly denied it.

The reason was simple.

The so – called unity of spirit and body of cultivators was actually a state where the spirit and the body were in harmony. If the spirit left the body for a thousand years, the compatibility between the two would definitely drop to an extremely low point. Even if the body did not decay after a thousand years, it would be very difficult for the spirit to return after leaving the body for such a long time.

Even if he managed to return to his physical body, the compatibility between the two would be very poor. If he wanted to return to the perfect state of spirit and body as one, he would need a long time to slowly adapt.

According to the ancient records, even leaving aperture stage cultivators did not dare to let their spiritual bodies leave their physical bodies for too long. Otherwise, the problem of merging their spiritual bodies with their physical bodies would be difficult to solve.

Of course, the spiritual body of a leaving aperture stage cultivator was many times stronger than that of a golden core stage cultivator. Their physical body had also become very strong during the long process of cultivation. Coupled with the cultivation technique of the leaving aperture stage, it was enough to ensure that the spiritual body of a leaving aperture stage cultivator would not have the problem of being unable to merge with the physical body for one or two months.

However, Xia ruofei had never heard of a spirit body that had been separated from the physical body for a thousand years and could still be perfectly compatible with the physical body.

Xia ruofei had tried it many times. After his spirit body returned to his body, it really fit perfectly. It was as if it had never left, but it also seemed like it had only left for a very short time ...

Time!

Xia ruofei suddenly thought of a concept.

Could it be that a thousand years was just his subjective feeling?

When he thought of the long years of unbearable experience he had experienced in the ore space, he felt that it was unlikely. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

One had to know that his comprehension of the rules of space was real. Moreover, he had taken the time to study so many classics and secret techniques from the Jade talismans of inheritance.

Could it be a problem with the flow of time? Or was it that the time law within the ore’s internal space was simply in disorder?

Xia ruofei felt that it was more likely.

It was actually very simple to prove it.

With a thought, Xia ruofei left the spirit map space and returned to the outside world, which was the quiet room in star – picking tower.

Under normal circumstances, Xia ruofei would leave his phone outside before entering the spirit map space.

This was because the flow of time in the spirit map space was different for those at the primal level. If he brought his phone in, the time on his phone would be messed up.

Of course, the internet was the only thing keeping time. As long as he came to the outside world and connected to the internet, the time would naturally be adjusted.

However, Xia ruofei had already formed a habit. Hence, every time he entered the spirit map space, he would leave his phone, watch, and other things outside.

In the spirit map space, he had also placed a clock to keep time.

Once Xia ruofei returned to the quiet room, he reached out and picked up the phone beside the futon.

After looking at the time on his phone, Xia ruofei was stunned ...

His phone showed that it was still the day he entered the spirit map space!

The year had not changed!

The date had not changed!

In fact, only a minute had passed.

This was also thanks to Xia ruofei’s habit of checking the time on his phone every time he entered the medium and left his phone outside.

There was definitely no problem with his memory. As long as a cultivator remembered something, they would basically not forget it, even if his subjective consciousness had already experienced a long thousand years.

In that case, did that mean that he had actually spent a thousand years in the ore space, while time in the outside world had not passed at all?

Otherwise, there was no way to explain the problem of time.

Even for those at the original beginning realm in the spirit map space where the mysterious ore was located, after the time formation was set up, the time flow was 2000 times slower than the outside world. If time passed at the same time, at least half a year would have passed in the outside world after 1000 years.

However, that was not the case in reality!

It had only been less than a minute since he had entered the medium.

He estimated that this little bit of time was spent after he entered the space and before he started to study the ore.

After all, he was studying the ore in an environment where time was flowing 2000 times faster.

A dream of a thousand years?

This word appeared in Xia ruofei’s mind.

No matter what, after confirming this, Xia ruofei felt more at ease.

Even though half a year was not considered a long time, if he were to really seclude himself in this cultivation room for half a year, the outside world would probably be in chaos.

There was no need to mention the Paradise company in the secular world. Even if he was used to being a boss who did nothing, as the boss, not appearing for half a year was a bit too much!

Song Wei, Ling Qingxue, and Xia ruofei’s friends and family in the secular world would be very worried, thinking that he had gone missing.

Li Yifu, who was on Peach Blossom Island, knew that Xia ruofei and Luo Qingfeng had attended the auction together, so he was even more worried. After all, Xia ruofei had asked Li Yifu to leave first to avoid any accidents on the way back because he had offended someone.

Li Yifu could not find the exact location of the star Seizer sect, nor did he know what had happened after he left the auction. He would probably think that Xia ruofei had been ambushed on his way out.

This was because Qingfeng Luo would most likely loyally wait outside the quiet room and would not leave. It was impossible for him to inform Li Yifu.

If Luo Qingfeng was worried that Xia ruofei had been in seclusion for too long and went to the quiet room to check, he would only see the spirit map and not Xia ruofei’s figure. He would probably be even more panicked.

Fortunately, time didn’t seem to be flowing at the same time, so these problems didn’t exist.

In fact, when Xia ruofei was trapped in the inner space of the ore, these were no longer a problem for him. He did not have time to think about it at all. At that time, he was most worried about the damage to his physical body.

However, as time passed, Xia ruofei felt that what should have happened had already happened, so he simply did not bother to think about it.

At that time, he didn’t expect that the thousand years he had spent in the space of the ore would only be an instant in the outside world.

A thousand years passed in an instant, but it felt like a lifetime had passed ...

There was nothing wrong with his body. Xia ruofei let out a long sigh of relief.

...

Moreover, the strange space inside the ore had actually allowed his spirit body to survive for a thousand years. Not only was it not damaged at all, but it had also become stronger because of the repeated injuries and recovery.

Xia ruofei had earned a lot.

A thousand years immersed in the comprehension of spatial laws, his achievements were unimaginable.

He felt that his attainments in the laws of space were even higher than that of the realm Fox Bai Qingqing.

In addition, Xia ruofei also used his “business time” to study many secret techniques and theories on alchemy, medicine, and equipment. Other than not being able to verify them with actual practice, his level in these other aspects had also improved greatly. This would be quite beneficial for his future development in the world of cultivation.

Xia ruofei sat in the quiet room in a daze. It took him a while to calm down his turbulent emotions.

He had stayed in the inner space of the ore for too long. According to the lifespan of an ordinary person, he had stayed in there for more than ten lifetimes!

Hence, after successfully breaking open the space in the ore, Xia ruofei felt as if he was in a dream. And it was a very, very long dream.

He sat in a daze for a while and couldn’t help but shout,””Qingfeng!”

Luo Qingfeng, who was waiting outside the door, quickly replied,””Master, this old servant is here! Master, do you have any orders?”

All the miscellaneous people in the entire Zhai Xing Lou had been cleared out. Even the area around Zhai Xing Lou had been listed as a restricted area. Thus, Luo Qingfeng did not have to worry about being overheard by others.

...

“How long have I been in seclusion?” Xia ruofei asked.

Luo Qingfeng was confused by Xia ruofei’s random question. He thought to himself,”What’s wrong with master? And why did Master’s Voice sound so old? It was as if he had cultivated for thousands of years ...

Although his heart was full of questions, Luo Qingfeng still answered meticulously,””Master, you entered the chamber ... Less than 15 minutes ago ...”