Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

3020 Massive amount of resources (Part 1)

After hearing Xia ruofei’s words, Bai Qingqing was so angry that she laughed. She took two steps back and said,””You can try if you want! But don’t say I didn’t warn you, the nested space is extremely exquisite. If you try it rashly without knowing the way to break it, there’s a high chance that you’ll directly destroy the small space in the nested space, and then it’ll be irreparable ...”

After saying that, Bai Qingqing showed a hint of sarcasm and said,””But I guess with your current understanding of the laws of space, it won’t be easy to destroy the nested space ... Try it if you want to! By the way, if your attempt doesn’t succeed and you want me to help you, we’ll have to renegotiate the share ...”

Xia ruofei smiled and nodded. Then, without further ado, he released an extremely pure spiritual power and probed into the storage ring.

After thousands of years of tempering in the space inside the ore, Xia ruofei’s spiritual body had been cut and restored countless times. It was several times more solid than before.

The spirit body could be said to be the center of the soul sea and also the source of spiritual power.

Hence, after Xia ruofei’s spiritual body returned to his physical body, he immediately realized that his spiritual power had improved by another level.

Although he was still quite far from the spirit transformation realm, which was the equivalent of the nascent soul realm, he had already reached the late stage of the spirit gathering realm.

Under normal circumstances, cultivators in the early stage of the Golden core realm usually had a cultivation of the early stage of the spirit gathering realm. Cultivators who were particularly talented in terms of their spiritual power, or whose cultivation methods focused on the spiritual power, or who had specially cultivated cultivation methods to assist in increasing their spiritual power, might be able to reach the middle stage of the spirit gathering realm.

For someone like Xia ruofei, who was only in the early stage of the Golden elixir realm and had reached the late stage of the spirit gathering realm, it could be said that he was one in a million.

It was impossible to determine if such a genius existed in the so – called ancient cultivation world.

However, at least in the modern cultivation world, such a level of spiritual power was absolutely shocking.

Even Chen Nanfeng, who was widely acknowledged as the number one in the cultivation world, only had a spiritual power cultivation of late – Stage spirit gathering realm.

This was the first time Xia ruofei used his spiritual power after he had escaped. He could feel the changes after his improvement. He had never felt like he could control his spiritual power so easily before.

The realm Fox, Bai Qingqing, had a hint of mockery in her eyes as she sat at the side, waiting to see Xia ruofei make a fool of himself.

On the other hand, Xia ruofei had long since understood the small space in the storage ring and the space with the simpler rules.

His spiritual power split into two and went straight to the two weakest nodes that connected the two.

To be honest, Xia ruofei did not know what kind of solution Bai Qingqing would come up with. He was just trying to break the connection between the two based on his understanding of the structure of the nested space.

Then, Xia ruofei’s spiritual energy went straight to the separated nested space and broke through it from the outside to the inside with great force.

It wasn’t difficult.

In just a few breaths ‘time, the small space embedded in it was directly broken open.

This was not a violent crack, so the items inside were naturally preserved. When the small nested space was destroyed, the items hidden in the small space were naturally returned to the storage ring.

Actually, it was not that Xia ruofei could not take out the things inside while protecting the small nested space. It would just take a little more time.

But he didn’t think too much about it, because his vision was much higher now. In his opinion, this nested small space was indeed a bit simple and had no value at all! It would be more convenient to break it directly.

Although Bai Qingqing looked like she didn’t care, as if she was waiting to see Xia ruofei make a fool of himself, she was actually very concerned about the situation here. She was mainly worried that Xia ruofei would use brute force to destroy the nested small space.

Therefore, Bai Qingqing had been keeping an eye on the situation inside the storage dimension.

To Bai Qingqing, who was extremely talented in spatial manipulation, this was not a difficult task.

When it saw Xia ruofei’s fierce movements, it fell into a state of confusion.

It could even cut off the connection between the nested space and the main space like this?

Was it really possible to crack the outer wall of the space directly like this? Wouldn’t it cause the space to collapse?

Two roads ... No! It was actually a three – pronged approach? How could there be such an operation?

Bai Qingqing was dumbfounded.

Especially when she saw how Xia ruofei only took a few breaths to separate the small nested space and then broke it down like a butcher dismembering an ox, Bai Qingqing started to doubt her life.

Am I really a space pet?

Is my spatial talent really unparalleled?

Am I dreaming?

Who am I?

Where am I?

What am I doing?

……

Xia ruofei had no time to care about the dumbstruck Bai Qingqing. He was looking at the pile of items in his storage ring and was happily calculating his gains!

There were three big boxes of spiritual crystals, and there were thousands of them.

There were at least a thousand crystals in the large box. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

The spiritual stones were not packed at all. They were piled up like a small mountain of garbage, and there were at least hundreds of thousands of them.

There were also many porcelain bottles containing all kinds of medicinal pills. However, it was unknown if the medicinal properties of these medicinal pills could still be preserved after the passage of time.

Each of the five flying swords didn’t look like ordinary objects. Light flowed around the swords like clear autumn water. They were definitely top – notch flying swords.

……

There were still many other things.

Xia ruofei arrived at the foot of the mountain in a flash. He found a flat patch of grass and took out all the items from his storage ring.