Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Chapter 303: Hornet’s new home (1)

When Xia ruofei got close to the nameless plant, he couldn’t help but narrow his eyes. Then, he revealed a look of joy. He saw that the spiritual fruit seemed to have fully matured. Xia ruofei took quick steps and jogged to the nameless plant to take a closer look. Finally, he confirmed that the spiritual fruit had really ripened! With the previous two experiences, Xia ruofei was very clear that once a spiritual fruit ripened, it would emit a fragrance that was far more fragrant than before. There was also a detail – there would be a light green Mark around the fruit stem. These characteristics were all in line, which meant that the spiritual fruit was indeed ripe! Xia ruofei happily took the container that contained the spiritual fruit and carefully picked the spiritual fruit as well. He placed it in the container. Xia ruofei couldn’t help but sigh. The maturity cycle of spiritual fruits was too long. He roughly calculated that it had been almost three months since the last time he picked them. One had to know that three months in the outside world was equivalent to seven to eight years in the space. Even if the time flow in the original space was not so fast, at least five to six years had passed. A fruit that only ripened once every five to six years should be very precious! Xia ruofei thought to himself. In the entire spirit map space, the thing that amazed Xia ruofei the most was the wordless stone tablet in the new space, followed by the nameless plant. The petals of the strange flowers from the nameless plant had helped Xia ruofei in his cultivation, cultivation, and even as a doctor. As for the spiritual fruit, which was obviously more precious than the petals, Xia ruofei was full of anticipation. What made Xia ruofei feel even more amazed was that time passed so quickly in the original space. It could be said that no matter what was planted, it would grow rapidly! Staying in the outside world for a day before coming in would be completely different. However, this nameless plant did not seem to have changed much. It might have grown a little, but it was so small that Xia ruofei could not feel it. Xia ruofei resisted the urge to try a spiritual fruit and put the container back. Then, he took another container with the petals of the wondrous flower and skillfully plucked the five newly grown petals. Although he had been using the petals of the strange flower in many places recently, Xia ruofei had stopped absorbing the petals after he started practicing the strange posture demonstrated by the little golden man. This was because he felt that his body was becoming saturated as he continued to absorb the petals of the strange flower. The effect of absorbing the petals was becoming less and less obvious. In addition, after he practiced the posture demonstrated by the little golden man in the stone tablet, the strengthening and transformation effect on his body was even better. Under such circumstances, there was no need to waste any more petals. Hence, in the past few days, Xia ruofei had accumulated 28 petals. These strange flower petals were the foundation of Xia ruofei’s life. Looking at the petals in the safe box, Xia ruofei felt much more at ease. After picking the petals, he went to the new space. Xia ruofei first gave Blackie and the rest some food. Then, he drove the all – terrain vehicle to an open area with the two lychee saplings. He planted the saplings and watered them with some diluted flower petal solution. Naturally, Xia ruofei had used his mind to connect with the space and obtained the petal solution from the original space. Now, it could be said that his control of space was becoming more and more comfortable. The next step was the most tedious work. Xia ruofei had to rely on his own strength to build a home for the Hornets that was isolated from the other creatures in the space so that they could rest and recuperate. The barbed wire fences ordered from the processing plant were neatly stacked near the hornet’s nest. Xia ruofei rolled up his sleeves and started to work after he set the table. He decided to directly surround the hornet’s nest and the small iron cage. The first thing he had to do was to install the bottommost layer, which was a full circle of wire fence. These bottom fences were different in design from other fences. Each fence had a long steel stake sticking out from the bottom, which could be deeply inserted into the soil of the space. In addition, the bottom of the fence was welded with a triangular base, which ensured that the fence was firmly established on the ground. Fortunately, they were inside the space. Xia ruofei could use the invisible force of the space to assist his work. With a thought, an entire piece of barbed wire fence flew over. Xia ruofei reached out and grabbed the fence. Then, he aimed at the boundary that he had just drawn on the ground and slammed it down with force. Then, he used the iron hammer to hit it. The soil in the space was soft to begin with, and Xia ruofei could control it with his mind. Soon, the barbed wire fence was fixed on the ground. Xia ruofei shook it slightly and felt that it was still very firm. He bent down to check carefully. The place where the fence was in contact with the ground was also tightly sealed. Xia ruofei was very satisfied. He waved his hand and used the invisible power of space to “move” the second barbed wire fence. The joint between two barbed wire fences was specially designed. A part of the barbed wire on one side would grow out to form a structure similar to a latch. Therefore, the barbed wire fence was first wrapped around the first barbed wire from the top, and then slowly lowered. After placing it in place, he slightly adjusted its position and smashed several steel rods into the soil with an iron hammer. Then, the part of the wire mesh that grew out was tightly locked with the first fence through buckles. The two fences were completely connected together. Xia ruofei’s movements were getting more and more skilled. Soon, he had formed a wire fence around the hornet’s nest. The range was about 30 meters by 30 meters, which was relatively wide. The next thing Xia ruofei had to do was to increase the size of the fence and lay some steel bars on the top. Finally, he had to install metal gauze on the top to create a fully enclosed space. Xia ruofei had designed it to be ten meters tall. It would be dangerous to operate it in the outside world, but it was completely non – existent in space. In theory, Xia ruofei could even float in the air, provided that he was willing to consume his mental strength to use the invisible spatial force to lift himself up. Hence, even if there was a small accident during the installation process, Xia ruofei would not be injured. The installation work lasted for more than four hours, and this was with the help of the invisible spatial force. Otherwise, just the wire mesh hanging from the ground to a height of ten meters was enough to give Xia ruofei a headache. After everything was installed, Xia ruofei checked it again carefully. He even reinforced the gaps with metal curtains to ensure that the hornet’s nest would not escape. Xia ruofei had left two doors on the enclosed fence. One was a cover at the top. He could move the cover with a thought. This was to ensure that if he needed to use the Hornet in the outside world, he could easily operate it and let the Hornet in and out through the hole. The other door was on the lowest fence, which was convenient for him to enter and exit. After completing this complicated project, Xia ruofei did not rush to let the Hornets out. Instead, he opened the door on the fence and went in. Then, he opened a bag. Inside were the grasshoppers and other small insects that he had bought in advance, all alive. This area was originally covered with grass, and after these insects came out, they quickly hid in the grass. Xia ruofei had basically built a small ecosystem here to ensure that the insects would be able to reproduce quickly in this unique environment. Of course, their fate was to become food for the hornet’s bees. After releasing the big bag of insects, Xia ruofei then connected to the space and used an invisible force to bind the hornet’s nest and restrict the hornet’s movements. Then, he used a part of his mind to control the small iron cage that covered the hornet’s nest. He opened it and moved it outside the enclosed fence. In the end, Xia ruofei left the fence and carefully locked the door. Then, he removed the restraint on hornet’s nest. Through the wire mesh screen, Xia ruofei saw many Hornets immediately fly out of the hive. They had been flying around in the enclosed space and had been comfortably trapped in the small iron cage for a while. Now that they had regained their freedom, they were naturally very happy. Xia ruofei also realized that these Hornets were much bigger than when they were first captured. Each of them was at least six to seven centimeters long and looked very scary. However, the more powerful the Hornet was, the happier Xia ruofei would be. These Hornet might become a surprise force in his hands in the future! Xia ruofei observed the barbed wire fence for a while. After making sure that there were no holes in the fence, he told Blackie and the rest to stay away from the fence. Then, he returned to the original space. According to the difference in the flow of time, a few days should have passed in the original space. The seeds soaked in the petal solution could be picked up by now.