Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

3027 Spirit body sanctuary (1)

At this time, the spiritual body of scholar Yuntai was on the verge of collapse.

His spirit body had already turned illusionary to the point where it was almost transparent, and it looked like it was on the verge of collapse.

And the consciousness of layman Yuntai was also gradually becoming fuzzy. He felt that he was about to disappear from this world.

Although he was only a part of the spirit body of layman Yuntai, he still had the main consciousness. What’s more, he was previously sealed in the space Stone, so he couldn’t feel the passage of time at all, and he didn’t know what era it was now. In other words, it was very likely that layman Yuntai’s original body was long gone. If his soul was scattered, he would disappear forever in the true sense.

At this time, a trace of sorrow naturally appeared in the heart of layman Yuntai.

In a daze, he heard Xia ruofei’s words and subconsciously floated towards the node that Xia ruofei had marked with his spiritual power.

Xia ruofei saw that the spiritual body of master Yuntai was about to dissipate and he was very nervous.

He watched as the almost transparent spirit body followed the guidance of his mental power and entered the internal space of the mysterious ore. Then, there was no sound. At this time, he was very nervous.

To be honest, Xia ruofei couldn’t guarantee that what he did would be a good thing or a bad thing for master Yuntai.

After all, he had experienced the torment of being in the ore’s internal space.

Of course, Xia ruofei had already found the most stable and safe small space in the shortest time possible based on his understanding of the ore’s internal space. He then guided the spiritual body of the master of the cloud platform into it.

However, there was also the strange difference in the flow of time, which Xia ruofei could not control at all. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

To be more precise, it was not even a difference in the flow of time, but it was infinitely close to time stopping.

Xia ruofei waited for a few seconds, but there was no news from master Yuntai. He couldn’t help but frown.

According to his previous experience, the time inside the ore space was almost still compared to the outside world. Even if it was not completely still, if he spent 1000 years inside the ore space, only a moment would have passed in the outside world. After entering the ore space, it was possible that he had been inside for many years.

The spirit Qi in the spirit map space was extremely dense and could be said to be endless.

If the spiritual body of layman Yuntai was still alive, he should have been able to use the spiritual Qi here to recover his spiritual body.

Could it be that he had fallen into another spatial zone, or a spatial layer zone, or that he was in danger?

Xia ruofei wasn’t confident. In fact, the situation of master Yuntai was already very bad. Xia ruofei was also trying to make a last resort and try his best to leave things to fate.

He didn’t hesitate for too long. He immediately released his mental power and explored the small spaces inside the mysterious ore through the node. The small spaces inside the mysterious ore would change randomly without a fixed frequency and period. If he delayed any longer, the relative position of the space would change, and it would take him a lot of effort to find this small space again.

After Xia ruofei left the space inside the ore, his spiritual power would be devoured if he used it to check.

However, he did not know if it was because his ore had existed for a thousand years, or because his mental power had been greatly enhanced, but his mental power could now support a lot longer than before. Although it was only a fifth of a second, the information he could find had multiplied.

Xia ruofei didn’t have much hope. After all, he didn’t know how many years layman Yuntai had been in there. He didn’t know if he was still alive or in that small space.

However, what made him feel a little comforted was that in just a few seconds, the internal space of the ore did not seem to have changed in relative position. He still smoothly followed the node that he had just marked and explored into the small space.

What Xia ruofei didn’t expect was that before the first trace of spiritual power was devoured, he had already found the spiritual body of the master of the cloud platform.

The spiritual body of master Yuntai was still in this small space. However, what surprised Xia ruofei was that he was still very weak. His condition was almost the same as before, but it did not worsen. It was basically stable.

Moreover, he could also feel that scholar Yuntai’s spirit body was trying its best to absorb the spiritual Qi that seeped into the spirit map space, and was slowly repairing itself.

After receiving the information, Xia ruofei’s spiritual energy was devoured.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but Mutter to himself,””What’s going on? Why was he recovering so slowly? Could it be that ... The space where senior Yuntai is in has no difference in the flow of time compared to the spirit map space?”

If that was the case, then it all made sense.

After all, it had only been a few seconds since scholar Yuntai’s spiritual body had entered the small space inside the ore. In such a short time, even if he absorbed all the spiritual energy, he naturally wouldn’t be able to recover much.

Moreover, when scholar Yuntai first entered this small space, under normal circumstances, he would first observe the environment and would not immediately absorb spiritual energy to recover.

Xia ruofei thought of this and immediately released a second wave of spiritual power to explore the small space with ease.

The situation he detected seemed to further confirm his guess about the flow of time. The spiritual body of scholar Xuanji Yuntai was still trying to absorb the spiritual Qi. The state of the spiritual body was similar to what the previous spiritual power had detected. It seemed to be recovering a little, but the recovery was very small and almost imperceptible.

After the spiritual energy was devoured, Xia ruofei immediately released the third spiritual energy.

This time, Xia ruofei didn’t try to find out what was going on. When his spiritual power entered the small space, he immediately used his spiritual power to communicate with the spiritual body of scholar Yuntai. Now that scholar Yuntai was in his spiritual body state, his spiritual power could directly communicate with his spiritual body.

“Senior Yuntai,” Xia ruofei said hurriedly,”your spirit body shouldn’t be consumed in this small space. You can absorb the spiritual Qi without any worry and recover your spirit body as soon as possible ...”

Even though spiritual energy Voice transmission was much faster than talking and only required a thought, Xia ruofei only had the time to send the most important information to master Yuntai in a fifth of a second before his spiritual energy was devoured.

Xia ruofei immediately released the fourth beam of spiritual power.

This time, he sensed that scholar Yuntai had come out of his state of absorbing spiritual Qi. Obviously, he had received his mental message.

Xia ruofei took advantage of the fact that the spiritual power had not been devoured and quickly transmitted his voice,””Senior Yuntai, the spiritual power from the outside world will be quickly devoured by this small space, so we can’t communicate smoothly for the time being ...”

His spiritual power was devoured again.

Xia ruofei continued to release his spiritual power into the small space and continued,””Senior, please rest assured and recover your spirit body. Do not try to leave this small space! The space within the ore was extremely complex and filled with danger! If you get lost in there, it will be very difficult for me to find you again!”

Xia ruofei used three streams of spiritual energy to complete this sentence.

Then, he released his mental energy to investigate and found that the spiritual body of scholar Yuntai must have heard his words and started to absorb spiritual Qi to recover.

Xia ruofei also felt that the spiritual body of master Yuntai had become more solid.

Even though he was recovering slowly, at least he was doing well. Xia ruofei felt a little more at ease.

If he wanted to know more about the mysterious ore, he could only rely on scholar Yuntai.

And this was an ancient cultivator!

According to the current cultivators “deductions based on some ancient cultivation ruins, the ancient cultivation world had suddenly disappeared thousands of years ago for unknown reasons. The current cultivation world was slowly developing. However, about 300 years ago, Masters above the Yuanying stage seemed to have disappeared at the same time. Moreover, the cultivation environment had also deteriorated. Today, it had shrunk to the extreme, and even the Aurous core stage cultivators were considered top masters.

The current cultivation world had also formed a systematic inheritance. However, three hundred years ago, almost all the experts disappeared at the same time. Many inheritances could not be protected in time and disappeared with the senior experts.

As for the ancient cultivation world, some cultivation methods and secret skills had been passed down. For example, the “truth of the glittering jewel” that made Xia ruofei famous in the auction was a spiritual power cultivation method from the ancient cultivation world. However, these were all excavated by cultivators from the relics of ancient cultivators. They were often just bits and pieces and were not systematic at all.

Xia ruofei wasn’t interested in the inheritance of the ancient cultivation world. He was very confident in the great Dao scroll. He believed that even in the ancient cultivation world, this technique was the only top – notch technique. Hence, in a sense, Xia ruofei didn’t need any other techniques.

However, if he could survive this time, he would be the only ancient cultivator in the modern cultivation world.

...

Yuntai cultivators would definitely play a very important role in understanding the secrets of the ancient cultivation world and solving some of the mysteries of the ancient cultivation ruins.

Of course, there was another very important point, which was that scholar Yuntai was now in a half – crippled state of spiritual body, and he was still in his spirit map space. So no matter how powerful he was, he could not pose any threat to Xia ruofei. That was why Xia ruofei tried his best to protect scholar Yuntai’s spiritual body.

Xia ruofei was prepared to release a strand of spiritual power every now and then to observe the situation of the spiritual body of master Yuntai.

In this situation, layman Yuntai must be absorbing spiritual Qi to recover his spiritual body. It was meaningless for Xia ruofei to keep releasing his spiritual power to investigate.

If the location of this small space had changed, with Xia ruofei’s experience in the ore’s inner space for more than 1000 years and his understanding of these small spaces, he believed that he could find it with a little more effort.

Hence, Xia ruofei was not too worried about this.

As long as scholar Yuntai’s spirit body didn’t wander around and the flow of time was consistent, Xia ruofei could control the situation.

And it was much better than he had expected.

Just as Xia ruofei was ready for a long battle, he suddenly heard the voice of the Grand cloud scholar,””Little brother! This ore of yours is simply too miraculous! It’s the perfect sanctuary for spirit bodies!”

Xia ruofei’s eyes widened as he stared at the mysterious ore in disbelief ...

...