Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

3036 The young great elder (2)

Luo Qingfeng’s words were naturally meant to raise Xia ruofei’s seniority.

To the disciples, they did not really care about these things. After all, Xia ruofei’s status was extremely noble and the seniority of the generation was the same to them.

However, everyone was still very excited because Luo Qingfeng’s words were very certain. It was obvious that the story of the nascent soul senior was very real!

Luo Qingfeng continued,”the patriarch has ordered that Junior Brother Xia needs to enter the world to cultivate. He can not officially join the star Seizer sect.” However, even though the founding master had wandered for many years, he was still concerned about the sect. He ordered Junior Brother Xia to return to the star Seizer sect to help improve the star evolutionary formation protecting the sect, and to use the founding master’s Secret technique to check the root bone of each disciple once more so that he could better teach them according to their material and further increase the overall strength of the star Seizer sect!”

The second thing that Luo Qingfeng said was actually to find a good reason for Xia ruofei’s next step in screening every disciple.

When the star Seizer sect disciples heard this, they were all extremely excited.

They had finally shifted their focus to the overly young Xia Tian.

The Yuanying stage Grandmaster was too far away from them, but the Yuanying stage personal disciple was right in front of them! Moreover, the sect leader had just said that this Yuanying stage personal disciple would personally check everyone’s root bone. Perhaps someone with a unique aptitude would be able to enter this person’s eyes, change their fate, and soar to the sky in one go!

Whether it was the cultivation world or the secular world, the vast majority of people had mediocre aptitudes.

In a cultivation sect, the vast majority of disciples would not achieve much in their entire lives.

However, no one was willing to be a member of this Army of mediocrity. Even if reality had told them countless times that they were mediocrity, they would not accept their fate.

Xia ruofei’s appearance had undoubtedly revived the fantasy in everyone’s hearts. Although the effect of my current cultivation technique is average, perhaps I haven’t found a suitable cultivation technique before? This person is a Yuanying stage cultivator’s direct disciple, maybe he will test my root bone and find out that I’m actually a genius!

Luo Qingfeng naturally did not care about the rich fantasies in the hearts of the disciples. It would be fine as long as they remained silent and did not whisper to each other.

“Yes,” Luo Qingfeng continued.”Although the patriarch has already forbidden Junior Brother Xia from officially joining the star Seizer sect, I have decided to grant him the position of great elder due to his deep relationship with our sect and his contributions to the sect!”

The disciples of the star Seizer sect all knew that the position of Grand Elder wasn’t an official position. It was more like an honorary title. Giving the position of Grand Elder naturally wouldn’t be considered disobeying their master’s orders, but at the same time, it would ensure that elder Xia’s esteemed status within the star Seizer sect. This truly was an extremely appropriate choice.

In fact, this highlighted the convenience of a small sect like the star Seizer sect. Luo Qingfeng was the only golden core cultivator in Xuanji, and his fellow disciples were only in the Qi refining stage, even though they were elders of the sect. Thus, Luo Qingfeng could naturally keep his word.

Absolute control meant that the star Seizer sect had fewer schemes and plots between the upper echelons.

Of course, conflict was an eternal theme.

However, Luo Qingfeng could go beyond the struggle.

For example, this time, no one doubted Luo Qingfeng’s words at all. Everyone believed him without a doubt.

The elders had no objection to Qingfeng Luo’s decision to grant such a young cultivator the position of ‘great elder’.

Luo Qingfeng then gave Xia ruofei a token that represented the identity of the great elder.

After a simple ceremony, Qingfeng Luo said seriously,””The position of the great elder is extremely honorable. Although the great elder doesn’t take part in the daily management of the sect, the entire sect must respect the great elder as they respect me. From now on, the great elder’s orders are equivalent to my orders. Any disciple of the star Seizer sect who dares to disobey or disobey will be severely punished!”

In fact, Luo Qingfeng’s original intention was to set up a position higher than the sect leader. How could he be on the same level as the master? However, he also knew that this was not very realistic, and those disciples would also become suspicious. The current solution was obviously the best choice.

Qingfeng Luo’s words were filled with killing intent. The disciples below the high platform, including some elders who were of the same generation as Qingfeng Luo, could not help but feel their hearts tremble.

Xia ruofei’s identity as the “nascent soul’s direct disciple” was already very intimidating. Now that he had the support of the sect leader who had reached the Golden core stage, who would dare to look down on this great elder?

Xia ruofei stood on the high platform with a calm expression. He seemed to be unaffected by flattery or humiliation. This made the disciples of the star Seizer sect respect a cultivator at Qianqian’s age even more. How many of them could be so calm when they suddenly became the Grand Elder of a first – Class sect?

Everyone had more faith in Grand Elder Xia’s identity as a “Yuanying stage personal disciple.”

Presumably, only a disciple of a Yuanying stage master could be so calm!

In fact, Xia ruofei’s calmness was not an act, but it had nothing to do with a nascent Soul Master. His confidence was naturally because of his own strength.

No one in the star Seizer sect, including Luo Qingfeng, was a match for him. Even if they attacked him together, he still had many trump cards and could easily retreat.

Moreover, for such a medium – sized sect, he wouldn’t even care if he was the sect leader. What was there to be excited about to get the honorary position of great elder?

Luo Qingfeng then announced that they would be improving the sect – protecting star evolution formation under Xia ruofei’s leadership. By then, the sect headquarters would be impregnable.

At the same time, he also announced that there would be a test of everyone’s innate ability soon, which would be hosted by Xia ruofei. In the future, resources would be redistributed based on the results of everyone’s innate ability Test, and more suitable cultivation techniques would be arranged.

This included those who were on duty or on missions. They would be recalled in batches. In short, no one would be left behind for the root bone test.

Many of the star Seizer sect’s disciples still felt like they were in a dream when Luo Qingfeng announced the disbandment.

His own sect suddenly had a Yuanying stage master as a backer, and there was also a twenty – year – old great elder.

In addition, the sect – protecting Grand array was already very powerful, and it actually needed to be further enhanced!

There was also the test of innate ability, which was closely related to everyone.

In the heaven seeking Palace, no one dared to act rashly.

After coming out, they naturally could no longer hold back the excitement in their hearts and began to discuss it in groups of two or three. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Luo Qingfeng and Xia ruofei did not stop him.

There was no such thing as an impervious wall in the world. For such a large sect, the news that was announced in public would definitely be leaked.

In fact, Xia ruofei did it on purpose.

At the auction, many big shots of various sects had noticed Xia ruofei, including the head of the falling leaves sect, Shao Qingyang and the others. They were all wondering if there was a nascent Soul Stage old monster behind Xia ruofei.

Otherwise, it would be hard to explain why a young man in his twenties could come up with all kinds of cultivation techniques and rare prescriptions.

In fact, Xia ruofei did not hide his cultivation deliberately. However, he had reached the Golden core stage himself. With the special nature of the great way technique, even a late – Stage golden core cultivator would find it difficult to see through his cultivation.

However, the leaders of the sects would never have thought of that. They would never think that Xia ruofei had already broken through to the Golden core stage. After all, he was too young. Therefore, these people would naturally think that Xia ruofei had used some powerful means to hide his actual cultivation.

Since everyone had such a guess, Xia ruofei might as well make use of this public appearance to spread the news.

In this way, the powers that had already begun to covet the star Seizer sect would definitely be extremely wary, which would give the star Seizer sect more time to develop.

Luo Qingfeng accompanied Xia ruofei back to zhaixing tower and respectfully asked him to rest first. He then went to prepare the materials needed to modify the array.