Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

3037 Prestige rises (1)

Although the star Seizer sect wasn’t particularly powerful, it was still a large sect that had been passed down for several hundred years.

The materials that Xia ruofei had listed out were all gathered in the star Seizer sect’s warehouse, which saved them a lot of trouble.

Otherwise, even if the materials were not particularly rare, it would be a waste of time to go out and search for them or buy them.

Since the materials had been gathered, Xia ruofei used the time Luo Qingfeng had left to prepare the materials to re – deduce his plan for the modification of the array. After confirming that it was safe, Xia ruofei began to bring Luo Qingfeng to begin the modification of the entire sect – protecting great array from zhaixing tower.

The modification process took about two days.

Xia ruofei had made use of the original stellar evolution formation to the greatest extent. He had ingeniously blended some of his formation theories into it. Hence, the extent of the changes was not very big, and the time and materials used were not much.

During the modification process, Xia ruofei would also explain the idea of the modification to Luo Qingfeng.

He did not expect Luo Qingfeng to fully understand the entire array, but it would at least increase his understanding of the array’s principles. It would be of great help to him in controlling the array in the future.

After the modification was completed, Xia ruofei tried out the formation himself.

The entire formation was operating smoothly, and the effect was also very obvious.

In terms of defense, Xia ruofei estimated that it was at least 30% stronger than the original stellar evolution formation.

In addition, the offensive power of the formation had also become stronger.

In terms of gathering spirit Qi, the original stellar evolution formation was not obvious. It was probably because the genius elder of the star picking sect did not have a deep understanding of spirit gathering formations. In addition, this kind of comprehensive formation needed all its functions to be combined. Therefore, this was the weakness of the original stellar evolution formation.

Xia ruofei made some adjustments.

As soon as the formation was activated, the effect was immediately apparent.

It turned out that the training environment of the star Seizer sect was only slightly better than that of the outside world.

In fact, this was also one of the reasons why the star Seizer sect had been declining over the years. Although the defensive power of the formation was very strong, its ability to gather spiritual Qi was its shortcoming. As a result, the cultivation environment in the sect was worse than that of many first – Class sects. It might not be obvious in the short term, but as time passed, its overall strength would be seriously affected. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

After Xia ruofei’s major modification, Luo Qingfeng immediately felt traces of spirit Qi gathering from outside the array as soon as it was activated. The spirit gathering effect was several times better than before!

Even the ordinary disciples of the star Seizer sect could sense this change.

Cultivators were very sensitive to spirit Qi.

Although the formation had just been activated, and there was no obvious change in the concentration of spirit Qi in the entire sect, everyone could still feel that the concentration of spirit Qi was slowly increasing.

Everyone knew that the sect master and the newly – appointed Grand Elder had been busy modifying the sect’s protective formation for the past two days. At first, some disciples were more or less worried. After all, the star evolution formation was the foundation of the star Seizer sect, and it was this famous sect – protecting formation that had allowed the star Seizer sect to survive many crises.

The Grand Elder was so young, could he really modify the sect – protecting formation that had been in operation for hundreds of years?

What if the modification didn’t have any effect and instead broke the sect protecting great array, what should he do?

Unexpectedly, in just two days, the sect protecting great array’s transformation was completed. And as soon as it started operating, everyone immediately had a completely different feeling.

The concentration of spiritual Qi was still slowly increasing, and he didn’t know where the limit was yet.

If they could double or triple the number, then the star Seizer sect’s cultivation environment wouldn’t be any weaker than any of the other first – rate sects!

In fact, these disciples were a little too conservative.

When Xia ruofei was designing the transformation plan of the formation, he had planned to increase the gathering of spiritual Qi by at least three times.

Moreover, he had also successfully come up with a plan through his extensive and profound understanding of formation path theory.

After completing the modification and operating the formation, Xia ruofei could finally rest assured.

The theoretical design had been tested in practice.

Xia ruofei roughly estimated that the modified formation was at least three times stronger than the original sect – protecting formation in terms of gathering spiritual Qi. This was already the most conservative estimate.

Basically, after the formation had been in operation for a while, the concentration of spiritual Qi in the sect had reached a new Balance. There might still be a big gap between the concentration of spiritual Qi in the sect and that in the Peach Blossom Island. However, among the first – rate sects, there should be no one who could surpass the star Seizer sect. Even some of the top sects might not have a cultivation environment that could reach this level.

The success of the transformation of the array greatly invigorated Luo Qingfeng.

He expressed his gratitude to Xia ruofei with tears in his eyes and quickly got his trusted disciples to announce the news to the whole sect.

The star Seizer sect’s disciples had already sensed the spirit Qi’s concentration slowly increasing, so they had already guessed it in their hearts.

After the announcement, it only confirmed everyone’s guess.

The star Seizer sect’s disciples learned that the young Grand Elder had spent only two days modifying the formation. Not only had its defensive and offensive capabilities increased by several times, but what was even more exciting was that its spirit gathering ability had actually increased by several times.

One could imagine that it wouldn’t be long before the star Seizer sect would become a cultivation paradise that would make others envious.