Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

3038 Prestige rises (2)

As the disciples who lived and cultivated in the sect, they were naturally the ones who benefited the most.

Moreover, the great elder would be conducting a “root bone test” for everyone, which meant that everyone would have the opportunity to obtain a cultivation technique that was more suitable for themselves. If they discovered a talent that they had not discovered before, there would be a bias in the resources.

Many of the star Seizer sect’s disciples had already lost faith in their cultivation path due to the continuous deterioration of the cultivation environment. However, this young great elder who had appeared out of nowhere had brought them great hope.

Xia ruofei’s reputation in the star Seizer sect had reached its peak.

When he first took office, everyone was in awe of him, but that was mostly because of the non – existent “nascent soul Grandmaster” behind him and the power of the sect leader, Luo Qingfeng. But now, he had established a solid prestige.

It could be said that Xia ruofei’s reputation in the star Seizer sect was only second to Luo Qingfeng ‘s. It could even be said that he was already on par with Luo Qingfeng.

This was under the circumstance that everyone was not aware of his cultivation level. If the disciples knew that he was already a golden core cultivator at such a young age and that he was even stronger than Qingfeng Luo, they would probably be even more impressed with him.

While he was modifying the array, Xia ruofei didn’t forget to pay attention to master Yuntai, who was still in the stone room in the mountain sea realm in the spirit map space.

However, it seemed that the spiritual body of scholar Yuntai was seriously damaged. After the last time he took the initiative to communicate with him, there was no longer any sound.

Xia ruofei was still worried that he would lose contact with scholar Yuntai after the small space inside the ore moved. Hence, he took the time to enter the spirit map space and personally used his spiritual power to investigate.

He realized that master Yuntai seemed to have built a stable passage. Even though the position of the space was changing from time to time, Xia ruofei could still find that small space easily by following the Beacon left by master Yuntai.

The result of the investigation was that scholar Yuntai had entered a state similar to deep dormancy. Perhaps this state was more beneficial for the recovery of his spirit body.

Xia ruofei knew that under such circumstances, unless it was a life and death situation, master Yuntai would not react to external stimuli.

Originally, Xia ruofei had a lot of questions to ask master Yuntai. But in this situation, he could only ask after he woke up.

Of course, it was good news for Xia ruofei to confirm that layman Yuntai was not in danger and that the connection with that small space would not be cut off. He could finally put his heart at ease.

The transformation of the stellar evolution formation was completed, and Xia ruofei was ready to leave.

Many things had happened during this auction, and he had gained a lot. He needed to spend some time to digest it.

On top of that, he also wanted to give the two storage rings to Song Wei and Ling Qingxue. There was also the wild tea he got from Chen Xuan, which could help a Qi condensation cultivator break through a small realm. Naturally, he wanted to share such a good thing with his female friends.

In addition, during the time he was trapped in the ore space, he had used his spare time to study all the ancient books on array Dao in the Jade talisman of inheritance. His array Dao level could be said to have advanced by leaps and bounds. This time, the modification of the stellar evolution formation at the star picking sect was also a chance for him to practice. He had combined many theoretical knowledge with practice. In fact, it was very helpful for him to comprehend array Dao.

Xia ruofei felt that he had gained a lot.

Previously, when he activated the Taixu xuanqing formation, it was based on his level of array Dao and understanding of the Taixu xuanqing formation. Looking back now, it seemed that there was still a lot of room for improvement.

In reality, array Masters of different standards could set up the same array, but the effect would be very different.

It was the same Taixu xuanqing formation, but if it was set up by an array master, it would definitely be much more effective than Xia ruofei’s previous method of barely activating the formation.

Although the Taixu xuanqing formation on the Peach Blossom Island was a natural formation and Xia ruofei had only activated it, his understanding of it was different now. From his current point of view, there was still a lot of room for improvement.

Xia ruofei felt that if he went back and made some changes to the previous arrangement, he could at least increase the power of the Taixu xuanqing formation by another ten or twenty percent.

And this was not the limit. If Xia ruofei’s array skills could improve further in the future, there was still room for improvement.

Hence, Xia ruofei decided to make a trip back to Paradise Island after leaving the star Seizer sect.

But before he left, he had one more thing to do, and that was to conduct a full screening of the star Seizer sect’s disciples.

Now that the star Seizer sect could be considered his property, he naturally wouldn’t allow any hidden dangers to exist.

Luo Qingfeng had already made arrangements in advance. After the transformation of the array was completed, the screening work immediately began at Xia ruofei’s command.

Initially, Luo Qingfeng had wanted to let Xia ruofei rest, but Xia ruofei was eager to return home and wanted to finish everything as soon as possible. Naturally, Luo Qingfeng did not dare to go against his wishes.

Hence, all the star Seizer sect’s disciples were gathered and entered the star Seizer tower one by one to undergo Xia ruofei ‘s’ innate ability Test ‘.

Starting from Luo Qingfeng’s senior and junior brothers, who were also the elders of the star Seizer sect, everyone was tested.

In the star Seizer sect, Luo Qingfeng was the only golden core cultivator. The highest level of cultivation among the elders was only at the ninth level of the Qi refinement realm. On the other hand, Xia ruofei’s spiritual power had entered the late – Stage of the spirit gathering realm after thousands of years of grinding in the ore space. He was basically unparalleled in the entire cultivation world. Therefore, these elders and ordinary disciples were no different from Xia ruofei. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Especially since no one was on guard against Xia ruofei. Xia ruofei told them to relax before they could take the ‘innate ability Test’ and everyone did as he said. That was why Xia ruofei could hypnotize them in an instant.

The test was carried out very quickly. In less than a day, everyone, except for those who were working outside, had gone through the test.

When Xia ruofei was examining the star Seizer sect’s disciples, Luo Qingfeng was personally standing guard outside and was responsible for ‘calling’ the numbers. Hence, he did not know everyone’s examination results. Xia ruofei did not say anything either. It was like an assembly line process. After everyone was examined, he called Luo Qingfeng in.

Luo Qingfeng had already ordered all the disciples to leave Zhai Xing Lou. As soon as he entered the house, he bowed to Xia ruofei and asked respectfully,””Master, what’s the situation?”

Qingfeng Luo was a little nervous. Although he had absolute control over the entire sect, he could not guarantee that all his subordinates were reliable.

He was even certain that there would definitely be spies in such a large sect, just like how the star Seizer sect had sent spies to other sects.

What Qingfeng Luo was worried about was that if there were too many problematic people, his master would inevitably have the impression that he was incompetent.

Xia ruofei said indifferently,”they’re all tested. The overall situation is not bad. The loyalty of the basic disciples is quite high.” Among the elders, there’s one who’s quite ambitious and wants to replace you. Although his strength is average, if you don’t pay attention, you might be ambushed ...”

Luo Qingfeng’s forehead was covered in sweat. He was not confident in the lower – Level disciples. As for the elders, he was actually very confident. He had always treated them well, but he did not expect that there would be someone among his senior and junior brothers who had second thoughts.

Xia ruofei glanced at Luo Qingfeng and continued,””In addition, five spies have been found among the disciples. With such a large number of people, five spies aren’t too many, but three of them come from the same sect. They colluded with each other and sent out a lot of information, but you didn’t notice it at all! “In addition, among these five spies, there is actually one who works in a core position like Zhai Xing Lou. Fortunately, I have already asked and he has only just been transferred in. He has not dared to make a move for the time being, so there is not much loss. However, there’s actually a spy in the core area. This will cause you to be on high alert!”

When Xia ruofei said this, his tone was already very stern. Luo Qingfeng felt a chill down his spine and broke out in a cold sweat ...