Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

3041 Eager to return (1)

Translator: 5496903Qingfeng Luo had come back on the first heaven society’s Chen Xuan’s Clearwater flying boat, so he was no stranger to flying boats.

When he saw Xia ruofei suddenly take out an airboat, he was dumbfounded.

Furthermore, this flying ship was clearly of a much higher grade than Chen Xuan ‘s. Not only was it much larger, but the materials used to construct it were also of a higher grade.

To be honest, Luo Qingfeng would not be surprised no matter what good things Xia ruofei brought out now. In his eyes, ever since he knew Xia ruofei, this young master was almost omnipotent.

But this time, Luo Qingfeng still felt that his mind was in a daze. The last time he had boarded Chen Xuan’s Clearwater flying boat, it was obviously the first time Xia ruofei had seen such a flying boat. In fact, even Luo Qingfeng had only heard of it. It was also the first time that he had actually boarded a flying boat.

Then, they returned to the star Seizer sect. Until today, Xia ruofei had not left the star Seizer sect.

The question was, where did this airboat come from?

Luo Qingfeng would not believe that Xia ruofei had an airboat.

Xia ruofei’s shocked expression when he saw Chen Xuan’s Clearwater flying boat did not seem to be fake.

Besides, Xia ruofei didn’t need to pretend!

Seeing this huge, black airboat, Xia ruofei became even more mysterious in Luo Qingfeng’s mind.

While Luo Qingfeng was still in a daze, Xia ruofei had already leaped up and landed on the deck of the black flying boat.

Xia ruofei waved at Luo Qingfeng and said,””Qingfeng, I’m leaving! Contact me by phone if you need anything!”

Luo Qingfeng came back to his senses and quickly bowed to the ground. He said respectfully,””This old servant will see you off, master!” 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Qingfeng Luo remained in a bowing position. Soon, he heard a slight sound of the air breaking. He looked up and saw that the black flying boat had already flown into the sky at an extremely fast speed. In the blink of an eye, the 20 – meter – long flying boat had become a small black dot in his vision.

Luo Qingfeng stood on the roof of zhaixing tower in a daze, looking in the direction where the black flying boat had disappeared. After a long time, he leaped up and returned to zhaixing tower through the window.

After sending Xia ruofei off, Luo Qingfeng regained the dignity of a sect master. There was even a hint of cold killing intent on his face.

Xia ruofei had already done the screening work in detail. Next, he would naturally go on a killing spree.

The five spies and the ambitious elder naturally could not be spared. Furthermore, Luo Qingfeng had to carry out a major reorganization from top to bottom. For example, which sect had sent the five spies, how they had joined the star Seizer sect, and those who were related to them would be investigated.

Of course, Xia ruofei had already confirmed that other than the five of them, the others were not spies sent by the outside world. At most, these people had failed in their duties.

However, there were so many disciples in the sect. Some of them were extremely loyal and had a strong sense of belonging to the sect, while some of them were less loyal. Although they were not spies, once the sect was in a life and death crisis, these people could very likely betray it.

Therefore, Qingfeng Luo wanted to use this opportunity to get rid of those who held key positions but were not very loyal. He wanted to promote those who were truly loyal.

It didn’t matter if his cultivation wasn’t very high.

In the future, the star Seizer sect’s cultivation environment would be much better than before. Furthermore, Xia ruofei had left him with so many cultivation resources and techniques. As long as he focused on nurturing them, these loyal disciples would be able to improve their strength very quickly.

Therefore, after Xia ruofei left, Luo Qingfeng still had many things to do.

Fortunately, he had been the sect leader for so many years and was very familiar with these things. In addition, he was an invincible existence in the star Seizer sect. As long as he knew the priority and carried out the tasks one by one, there would not be any problems.

It was also because of this that Xia ruofei was at ease to leave all the cleaning up to Luo Qingfeng.

……

After Xia ruofei steered the black flying boat away from the star Seizer sect, he quickly activated the shielding function of the flying boat to prevent it from being detected by satellites and radars of the secular world.

Xia ruofei had wanted to ask scholar Yuntai what the name of this flying ship was, but his spiritual body was in a state of deep cultivation. It was no different from a deep sleep, and there was no way to communicate. He couldn’t give the flying boat another name. After all, master Yuntai must have already given it a name.

Xia ruofei quickly confirmed the direction to Paradise Island with the GPS. Then, he steered the black flying boat and headed towards Paradise Island at full speed.

He was really eager to return home, so he directly used the spirit crystal as the power to power the flying boat. In fact, it was very energy – saving, and one Spirit crystal could be used for a long time. He had obtained thousands of spirit crystals from the nested space of master Yuntai, so he didn’t feel any heartache at all when using one.

In addition, if it was an aircraft flight, it had to follow a fixed route and follow the instructions of the ground air traffic control personnel along the way. Therefore, the actual flight distance of the aircraft was definitely much greater than the straight – line distance between the two places. However, there was naturally no need to care about the route by flying boat. A straight line was the shortest distance between two points, so all they had to do was find the right direction and fly straight.