Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

3042 Eager to return (2)

Translator: 5496903Of course, they had to be careful to avoid the aircraft of the secular world.

Xia ruofei had noticed it when he was trying out the flying boat. In fact, there was a radar – like detection array around the flying boat. If there were other aircraft flying at the same altitude, the control array of the flying boat could actively control the Ascension or descent to avoid it. It was similar to the anti – collision system of aircraft.

In addition, when controlling the flying boat, pay attention to using mental power to detect it. The probability of a “crash incident” could be said to be extremely low.

Flying in an airboat was much shorter than flying in a private jet. In terms of speed, the airboat’s flying speed was at least two or three times that of an ordinary civil aircraft, so it could save a lot of time on the way.

After Xia ruofei confirmed the direction of the flight, there was basically no need for him to sit by the control panel.

No matter how much time was saved on the flight, it would still take two to three hours to fly from China to Peach Blossom Island.

Hence, Xia ruofei decided to just stroll around the swift Boat. After he got the swift Boat, he only tried to fly a few rounds in the spirit map space and did not really take a good look at the cabin inside.

This black vessel was much longer than Chen Xuan ‘s, so it was only natural that it had much more space in it.

The control panel was located in an isolated position, similar to a cockpit, except that there was no transparent glass in front. After all, cultivators mainly relied on mental power to detect the surrounding situation. When flying at such a fast speed, if they really found anything abnormal with the naked eye, ordinary people would not have time to react.

There were three cabins behind the control panel. Two of them were bedrooms, and the other one should be a reception area with tables, chairs, benches, and beds. However, these were all integrated with the flying boat and could not be moved at will.

Although these cabins didn’t have any porthole, they didn’t feel suffocated at all.

Xia ruofei strolled around and returned to the cockpit. He took out the spirit map scroll and entered the spirit map space.

Flying at full speed in the sky was much faster than most golden core cultivators. Even Chen Xuan’s Green water flying boat was not as fast. Hence, Xia ruofei could take out the spirit map scroll without worrying about his safety.

Of course, he still left a wisp of his divine sense. If anything unexpected happened in the outside world, he would be able to react immediately.

Xia ruofei went straight to the stone chamber in the mountain sea realm. The first thing he did was to check on the mysterious ore. He found that the spiritual body of scholar Yuntai was still slowly absorbing spiritual Qi, and his condition was also slowly recovering.

Xia ruofei roughly sensed it and felt that scholar Yuntai’s spiritual body should be more solid than when he had just broken the spatial stone.

Xia ruofei guessed that even though the spiritual body of master Yuntai had fallen into a deep sleep and was protected by layers of seals, it was inevitable that some of it had been worn out over the long years.

This time, with the protection of the ore space and sufficient spiritual Qi, layman Yuntai could naturally recover to his best state in one breath.

It seemed that layman Yuntai was about to wake up.

However, Xia ruofei did not know how long it had been. After a brief check, he sat cross – legged on the futon in the stone room and began to cultivate the great Dao Sutra.

The spiritual Qi in the spirit map space was enough to support Xia ruofei’s cultivation.

As long as he didn’t cultivate here day and night, or break through a major realm, he could replenish the spirit Qi in time without damaging the foundation of the spirit map space.

Hence, as long as the conditions allowed, Xia ruofei was more willing to cultivate in the spirit map space. After all, the spiritual Qi here was richer than the inside of the void xuanqing formation, and it did not require spiritual crystals, origin crystals, and other cultivation resources.

The vital Qi vortex in his dantian kept spinning. Xia ruofei absorbed spiritual Qi into his body, following the circulation route of the second level of the great Dao formula. Finally, it returned to his dantian and produced a new wisp of vital Qi. Xia ruofei’s cultivation was also slowly increasing.

However, such an increase was insignificant compared to a breakthrough in cultivation.

However, the progress of a cultivator mainly relied on this slow and stable cultivation. It was basically impossible to achieve it overnight unless there was a great opportunity.

Moreover, by cultivating step by step with a down – to – Earth approach, one’s Foundation would naturally be the most solid.

Xia ruofei’s cultivation in the Aurous core beginner stage was already very stable. He could feel his real progress. Although the rate of progress was slower than when he was in the Qi refining stage, he was still walking firmly on the path of cultivation.

More than two hours passed by in a flash.

After calculating the time, the black flying boat should be approaching the Peach Blossom Island. Xia ruofei stopped his cultivation and absorbed the last wisp of spiritual Qi into his dantian. Then, he let out a long breath of turbid air, opened his eyes, and stood up.

He checked the mysterious ore again and found that there was still no sign of scholar Yuntai waking up.

Hence, Xia ruofei returned to the cockpit of the flying boat.

Having just finished his cultivation, he was in high spirits. He immediately took out his handheld GPS and confirmed his current location.

Even though they had left for more than two hours, the flying boat was still flying steadily. It had been following the direction that Xia ruofei had set without any deviation.

The Paradise Island was about a hundred nautical miles ahead.

Such a short distance, compared to the speed of the black flying boat, would only take a short while.

Xia ruofei stood up and walked to the control panel. At the same time, he released his spiritual power to investigate.

After a short while, the black flying boat had already entered the range of the Taixu xuanqing formation.

Xia ruofei was already familiar with the structure and operating principle of the Taixu xuanqing formation. He had already reduced the speed and altitude of the flying boat. He controlled the black flying boat in front of the console and agilely followed a special flight path into the Taixu xuanqing formation without any obstruction.

The black airboat had turned on its shielding function. Ordinary people could not see it with their naked eyes. Hence, Xia ruofei did not avoid the staff on the island. He even flew past the guard Camp a few dozen meters above.

Of course, the main reason was that when the black flying boat passed through the outer protective layer of the array, it was on the side of the guards. He wanted to go to the Yanhuang building, so flying above the guards was the shortest route. Anyway, ordinary people could not see the flying boat, so Xia ruofei naturally would not deliberately take a detour.

At the Yanhuang building.

Li Yifu, who had been carrying the simple control array board with him all this time, keenly sensed that the array seemed to have been slightly touched.

However, the formation plate soon stopped reacting.

Li Yifu couldn’t help but feel a little nervous. At the same time, he was also a little confused. According to Xia ruofei, it was not easy for even a nascent Soul Stage cultivator to break through.

Although the formation had been activated, it shouldn’t have been an invasion. Especially when there was no response at the back, it was even less likely that someone had invaded.

This was because if someone tried to force their way through the formation and activated it, the attacks from the formation would be endless. If an average Aurous core stage cultivator were to charge in, they would be beaten up without even needing the controller to control the formation.

However, there was no movement from the array at all, so Li Yifu was not particularly worried.

Of course, he was still a little uncertain. After all, the array board’s reaction was very sensitive, and it basically wouldn’t make any mistakes.

Therefore, he immediately went to the roof of the Yanhuang building. His mental power cultivation was very ordinary, and he couldn’t detect that far. Therefore, it was more reliable to go to the roof of the tallest building on the island and use his naked eye to check.

Just as Li Yifu walked up to the roof, a Jet – Black, angular aircraft made a beautiful flight path from the direction of the guards and arrived on the roof in the blink of an eye without any sound.

The flying device was extremely fast, but it stopped when it reached the rooftop.

It only took the blink of an eye for him to go from flying at high speed to coming to a complete standstill. He seemed to be completely unaffected by inertia.

Li Yifu rubbed his eyes and saw the aircraft quietly floating two meters above the roof, exuding a cold aura.

His whole body shivered and he quickly recovered from the shock. Then, he subconsciously grabbed the simple control array board that Xia ruofei had left for him. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

...

At that moment, a voice that Li Yifu was very familiar with rang out,””Foster husband, don’t be nervous. It’s me ...”