Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

3064 Retrieving the treasure in the stone room (1)

Li Yifu didn’t dare to refuse and listened to Xia ruofei’s explanation seriously.

Although Li Yifu’s talent wasn’t very good, it was very easy to brand a flying sword with spiritual power. He learned it very quickly.

Xia ruofei personally guided Li Yifu to keep the flying sword in his dantian for nourishment. Then, he taught him how to control the flying sword with his spiritual power and let him practice it by himself.

After Li Yifu left, Xia ruofei rested for a while before locking the doors and windows. He then took out the spirit map space and entered the mountain and sea realm.

When they arrived at the stone chamber in the mountain sea realm, Xia ruofei tried to sense the ore as usual and found that scholar Yuntai was still in seclusion.

Xia ruofei said to himself,”this senior is really good at closed – door cultivation ... The legend of him being in closed – door cultivation for hundreds of years can’t be true, right?” Did all the ancient cultivators cultivate like this?”

If scholar Yuntai went into seclusion for several years, it would be a bit of a scam.

Xia ruofei still wanted to ask him about the ancient cultivation world!

However, he was in deep seclusion and Xia ruofei could not force him to wake up. He could only let him do as he pleased.

At this moment, Xia ruofei’s eyes fell on the stone platform.

There used to be five light balls here, and now he had opened the first four. The first light ball contained a small booklet, while the other three contained the three inheritance Jade talismans of heaven, earth, and human.

Thus, there was still a solitary light ball on the stone platform.

Through the light screen, one could vaguely see a small case inside the light ball.

After Xia ruofei broke through to the Golden core stage, he had not tried to collect it.

He muttered to himself for a moment and felt that his cultivation had broken through a major realm. In addition, his mental energy had also improved by leaps and bounds. It seemed that he could give it a try. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

When he had first obtained the spirit map space, he had been filled with curiosity about these light balls.

The facts also proved that anything that could be carefully collected by immortal mountain river was good stuff.

All the things recorded in the three Jade talismans of inheritance were of high quality. Whether it was cultivation methods, secret skills, or even the ancient books that recorded the anecdotes of the cultivation world, they were all quite precious.

Moreover, these light balls that immortal mountain river had set up were obviously to set a threshold. Only when one’s cultivation had reached the standard could he take the things inside.

Therefore, according to this rule, the later the items were, the more precious they were.

The small box in the last ball of light must contain a treasure more precious than the heaven jade talisman.

Thinking of this, Xia ruofei couldn’t hold back.

He decided to give it a try now.

Xia ruofei took a deep breath and placed his hands on the ball of light.

He pressed it gently, and the ball of light retracted slightly, but it was still very resilient.

Xia ruofei was already experienced. The only way to open the ball of light was to use force. When the external force was strong enough, the ball of light would not be able to withstand it and would eventually break.

However, this light ball had another characteristic, and that was that it had a very strong reaction force.

Basically, the greater the external force, the greater the counterforce. Moreover, it was all directed at the hands that were in direct contact with the light ball. Hence, it was a test for Xia ruofei’s body.

Xia ruofei tried the toughness of the light ball and suddenly had an idea.”Would it be better if he used a flying sword to break the ball of light?

After this thought appeared, he could no longer suppress it.

Xia ruofei decisively summoned the blue immortal sword that he had been nurturing in his dantian. He made a hand seal and the blue immortal sword immediately flew towards the light ball on the stone platform.

The blue travel immortal sword’s speed increased to its maximum in the blink of an eye. Under Xia ruofei’s control, it slashed down at the ball of light from above.

The ball of light suddenly caved in, and then a strong force directly flicked the blue immortal sword away.

If Xia ruofei’s spiritual power was not so strong, the blue travel immortal sword might have gone out of control.

Xia ruofei had clearly seen that the blue travel immortal sword could not even break through the surface of the ball of light. Such a sharp flying sword could not even leave a trace on the surface of the ball of light. It was clear that it was not easy to take advantage of the situation.

Xia ruofei smiled bitterly and put away the blue travel immortal sword. Then, he reached out and pressed on the light ball.

From the force of the rebound, Xia ruofei could tell that the sword did not cause any damage to the light ball.

Since there was no other way, Xia ruofei did not think too much.

He took a deep breath, then used the yuan Qi in his dantian to push it down bit by bit.

He also used the convenience of controlling the spirit map’s space to exert pressure on the ball of light.

Xia ruofei could feel that the reaction force of this ball of light was much stronger than the previous ones.

Fortunately, he was pouring vital Qi into his hands and using all his strength at the same time. His lower body was very stable, so the reaction force could not hurt his hands, and it was even less likely to bounce him away.

Xia ruofei didn’t hold back his Yuan Qi and continued to increase the pressure.

He saw his hands sink into the ball of light bit by bit.

Under the powerful external force, the ball of light began to gradually change shape, from a standard sphere to a football placed horizontally.

The more he pressed down, the stronger the reaction force of the ball of light.

Xia ruofei felt that he was about to reach his limit.

It wasn’t that his body couldn’t take it, but that this was the most he could do with his current cultivation base.