Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3078 Â Test?_2

Â  Both Chen Nanfeng and Chen Xuan looked righteous, and even Chen Nanfeng, the number one in the world of cultivation, was very kind to Xia ruofei, giving Xia ruofei a feeling of being bathed in the spring wind. However, one could only know a person's face, not his heart. Xia ruofei could not guarantee that the father and son would not have any thoughts about the treasure.

Â  Furthermore, Xia ruofei was now in the core of the first heaven society. In front of him was a late gold core realm cultivator whose spiritual power was much stronger than his.

Â  Xia ruofei was not sure if he could escape if Chen Nanfeng suddenly attacked.

Â  Hence, the seemingly peaceful meeting hall was actually a place that made Xia ruofei feel as if he was walking on thin ice. He had to be extremely careful and could not take a single wrong step.

Â  Even though Xia ruofei was very curious about the disciple of the mysterious senior that Chen Nanfeng had mentioned, he did not mention it. He only smiled and said,""I can't disobey my master's orders. Thank you for your understanding, sect leader Chen!"

Â  Chen Nanfeng had a friendly smile on his face as he nodded and said,""I understand! I understand!"

Â  "My young friend Xia, I heard from Xuan 'er that he has invited you to participate in the research and exploration of the five sages token?" he asked.

Â  "Brother Chen is too polite. It's only because I borrowed some spirit stones, but he insisted on giving me a spot to research and explore the five sages token." Xia ruofei said,"now that I think about it, I'm the one who has the advantage!"

Â  "Hahaha! We're helping each other, so there's no such thing as who's at an advantage or who's at a disadvantage!" Chen Nanfeng waved his hand and asked,"I wonder what little friend Xia thinks about this five Saint token?"

Â  Xia ruofei immediately became alert. He said calmly,""Sect leader Chen, I only took a few glances at the five Saints token from afar. To be honest, my understanding of the five Saints token is limited to the rumors in the cultivation world. I really don't have any unique views."

Â  "If little friend Xia is willing, why don't you study the five sacred badges now?" Chen Nanfeng smiled and said,"thanks to little friend Xia, the first heaven sect now has two five Saints tokens. However, after Xuan 'er brought back that token, I've also gathered a few elders and disciples who have been studying the five Saints token for a long time to study the new token together. In the end, we still have no leads. Little friend Xia is a disciple of a famous sect, so perhaps you'll be able to see some secrets that we can 't?" "This ... Isn't very appropriate, is it?" Xia ruofei deliberately showed a hint of interest and said hesitantly,"your sect paid a huge price to get this. I ..."

Â  "There's no loss in taking a look!" Chen Nanfeng chuckled and said,"however, this five that's the case, I'll have to ask little friend Xia to study it!"

Â  With that, Chen Nanfeng flipped his hand, and two tokens appeared in his palm.

Â  It was the five sacred wrongs that Xia ruofei was familiar with. They were named after the ancient cultivation world. In fact, they should be called the rising Dragon Order. Explore new ğ’ovels on nğ’velbiğ’(.)com

Â  There were no complicated patterns on the two tokens, including the number one Â  With that, he waved his hand and the two tokens floated in front of Xia ruofei. They hovered in mid - Air without moving. "If little friend Xia is willing, why don't you study the five sacred badges now?" Chen Nanfeng said with a smile,"thanks to little friend Xia, the first heaven sect now has two five Saints tokens. However, after Xuan 'er brought back that token, I've also gathered a few elders and disciples who have been studying the five Saints token for a long time to study the new token together. In the end, we still have no leads. Little friend Xia is a disciple of a famous sect, so perhaps you'll be able to see some secrets that we can 't?" "This ... Isn't very appropriate, is it?" Xia ruofei deliberately showed a hint of interest and said hesitantly,"your sect paid a huge price to get this. I ..."

Â  "There's no loss in taking a look!" Chen Nanfeng chuckled and said,"however, this five - Saint token is indeed an important asset of the first heaven society. Although I'm the sect leader, I can't act as I please. Therefore, little friend Xia can only observe and study it in this meeting hall and can't take it out of the hall ..."

Â  In fact, Xia ruofei was not interested in the two five - Saint badges at all.

Â  It was because scholar Yuntai had told him clearly that only when the five tokens were gathered together would they automatically combine.

Â  Otherwise, whether it was two, three, or four, it would actually be meaningless.

Â  However, Xia ruofei could not be sure if Chen Nanfeng was testing him, so he was still on guard.

Â  After all, it was impossible for him not to be interested in the five sages token.

Â  Thinking of this, Xia ruofei deliberately pondered for a moment and then said,""Thank you for your kindness, sect leader Chen. I really want to see this legendary five sacred badges. Although I am not very knowledgeable and most likely can not figure out its ugly appearance, it is good to broaden my horizons."

Â  "Hahaha! Little friend Xia is too modest!" Chen Nanfeng laughed and said,"since that's the case, I'll have to ask little friend Xia to study it!"

Â  With that, Chen Nanfeng flipped his hand, and two tokens appeared in his palm. It was the five sacred wrongs that Xia ruofei was familiar with. They were named after the ancient cultivation world. In fact, they should be called the rising Dragon Order.

Â  There were no complicated patterns on the two tokens, including the number one token that Xia ruofei had kept in the stone room in the cave in the spirit map space. Other than the different numbers, the tokens looked almost the same.

Â  To Xia ruofei, there was nothing new about this.

Â  However, he still pretended that his eyes lit up, and then stared at the two tokens in Chen Nanfeng's hands.

Â  "My young friend Xia, please!" Chen Nanfeng said with a smile.

Â  With that, he waved his hand and the two tokens floated in front of Xia ruofei. They hovered in mid - Air without moving. It was the five sacred wrongs that Xia ruofei was familiar with. They were named after the ancient cultivation world. In fact, they should be called the rising Dragon Order.

Â  There were no complicated patterns on the two tokens, including the number one token that Xia ruofei had kept in the stone room in the cave in the spirit map space. Other than the different numbers, the tokens looked almost the same.

Â  To Xia ruofei, there was nothing new about this.

Â  However, he still pretended that his eyes lit up, and then stared at the two tokens in Chen Nanfeng's hands.

Â  "My young friend Xia, please!" Chen Nanfeng said with a smile.

Â  With that, he waved his hand and the two tokens floated in front of Xia ruofei. They hovered in mid - Air without moving.