Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

3082 Â In a hurry (2)

Â  No matter how one looked at it, Xia ruofei and Chen Xuan were not the same kind of people. However, this did not stop the two from becoming good friends.

Â  The two of them walked along the mountain path and headed straight for the mountain Gate.

Â  Xia ruofei said,"brother Chen, your father is in charge of the first heaven society. He must be very busy. I won't be going to say goodbye." Brother Chen, please convey this little brother's gratitude!"

Â  "Alright!" Chen Xuan replied readily.

Â  Chen Nanfeng was indeed busy on normal days. In order to break through to the nascent Soul Stage, he spent most of his time cultivating after settling the sect's Affairs. Even Chen Xuan did not see him often.

Â  Therefore, it was not rude for a junior like Xia ruofei not to go and say goodbye.

Â  The two of them chatted as they walked out of the mountain Gate.

Â  Chen Xuan personally sent Xia ruofei out of the range of the array, which was the mountain wall that the Clearwater flying boat had crashed into when they arrived.

Â  "After a thousand miles, we must part! Brother Xia, I'll stop here!" Chen Xuan continued,"brother Xia, please come visit us when you're free. I'm looking forward to having a late - night chat with you!"

Â  "Definitely!" Xia ruofei nodded and said,"brother Chen, please contact me if you are traveling in the secular world!"

Â  Xia ruofei had given his contact information to Chen Xuan earlier.

Â  Of course, the number he left behind was registered under Xia Tian's identity. His current number was also kept on throughout the year because he was always in the public eye as Xia Tian in the cultivation world.

Â  Xia ruofei did not know that Chen Nanfeng had seen through his disguise. Chen Nanfeng had even arranged for someone to investigate him based on his real appearance.

Â  Xia ruofei's sockpuppet in the world of cultivation was no longer a secret to Chen Nanfeng.

Â  "I'll definitely contact Brother Xia if I get the chance to go out,"Chen Xuan said with a smile.

Â  Then, he smiled and said,"since brother Xia has already broken through to the Golden core stage, then I won't send you off!" Brother Xia, let's part ways here!"

Â  He had originally planned to send Xia ruofei to Tai city on the blue water flying boat. However, since Xia ruofei was a golden core cultivator, and although he had not spent a long time on the lone Peak, he could see that Xia ruofei was very familiar with the flying sword. Naturally, he did not need to make extra moves and send the guest off on the blue water flying boat.

Â  Xia ruofei smiled and nodded."Of course! I can't trouble brother Chen anymore."

Â  With that, Xia ruofei took out the blazing flying sword and jumped onto it. He cupped his fists and said,""Brother Chen! This little brother will take his leave!"

Â  "Have a safe journey, brother Xia!" Chen Xuan had a warm smile on his face as he stood in front of the mountain wall and cupped his hands at Xia ruofei.

Â  Xia ruofei then urged his flying sword to speed up. He flew through the sword radiance and soon, he was a small black dot in Chen Xuan's vision.

Â  Chen Xuan waited until Xia ruofei's figure had completely disappeared before he stepped onto his flying sword. He passed through the mountain wall that was used as a camouflage and flew towards the mountain Gate.

Â  Xia ruofei rode on his flying sword and flew across the mountain range. This trip had been rushed, but Xia ruofei was still very satisfied with the results.

Â  Although Xia ruofei had decided to hide the matter of the five Saints token for the time being, he Â  Xia ruofei knew that Chen Xuan might not have known about this, but at least the leader of the first heaven society, Chen Nanfeng, knew. Perhaps the people behind him were following him under Chen Nanfeng's orders.

Â  Xia ruofei's mind was spinning. No matter if they were from the first heaven society or if they had any ill intentions, he didn't like the feeling of being watched.

Â  Hence, after flying for another two minutes, Xia ruofei made a decision.

Â  He simply stopped and hovered in the air on his flying sword.

Â  Of course, he didn't turn his head, nor did he release his spiritual power to check behind him. This feeling was rather weak, so the other party must be quite far away from him.

Â  Xia ruofei took out the black flying boat from the spirit map space. This trip had been rushed, but Xia ruofei was still very satisfied with the results.

Â  Although Xia ruofei had decided to hide the matter of the five Saints token for the time being, he had still managed to obtain the wild tea tree branch.

Â  Once the wild tea leaves were successfully transplanted and he could mass - produce them, it might not be of much help to his own strength, but it would be able to increase the overall strength of his star Seizer sect.

Â  To Xia ruofei, the stronger the star Seizer sect was, the more help it would be to him.

Â  After flying for a while, Xia ruofei couldn't help but frown. He felt that something was wrong, as if he was being spied on.

Â  It was a very weak feeling. If Xia ruofei's spiritual power was not so strong, he might not have noticed it at all.

Â  Of course, at the same time, Xia ruofei also felt that the other party was simply spying on him. At least, he did not have any intention to kill him. Otherwise, he would not even need to use his spiritual energy to warn him. His sharp sense of danger would have detected him in advance.

Â  Xia ruofei continued to fly on his sword while analyzing the situation in his mind.

Â  Who could be following him?

Â  It was most likely the people from the first heaven society.

Â  Xia ruofei could feel that even if the person was not the sect leader of the first heaven sect, Chen Nanfeng, he was at least a very powerful elder.

Â  Otherwise, Xia ruofei wouldn't have been able to detect him after following him for so long.

Â  If he wasn't from the first heaven society, were there other cultivators nearby?

Â  Or was he just passing by and happened to see Xia ruofei on his sword, so he followed him?

Â  Xia ruofei felt that all these possibilities existed, but the most likely possibility was that the first heaven society was following him.

Â  Xia ruofei knew that Chen Xuan might not have known about this, but at least the leader of the first heaven society, Chen Nanfeng, knew. Perhaps the people behind him were following him under Chen Nanfeng's orders.

Â  Xia ruofei's mind was spinning. No matter if they were from the first heaven society or if they had any ill intentions, he didn't like the feeling of being watched.

Â  Hence, after flying for another two minutes, Xia ruofei made a decision.

Â  He simply stopped and hovered in the air on his flying sword. Visitt novğ’†lbin(.)cğ’/m for the lğ’‚test updates

Â  Of course, he didn't turn his head, nor did he release his spiritual power to check behind him. This feeling was rather weak, so the other party must be quite far away from him.

Â  Xia ruofei took out the black flying boat from the spirit map space.

feeling was rather weak, so the other party must be quite far away from him.