Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

3083 Successful cutting_

The rest of the journey was very smooth. With the black flying boat’s speed, even if they met cultivators with ulterior motives, they could not catch up at all and could shake them off in a short time.

Of course, encountering other cultivators while flying was also a small probability.

After two to three hours of flight, Xia ruofei had returned to Paradise Island.

He simply asked Li Yifu and learned that everything was normal here, so he let Li Yifu go and cultivate on his own.

Xia ruofei, on the other hand, returned to his private suite.

After locking the door and windows and setting up the defense and warning measures, Xia ruofei returned to his bedroom and summoned the spirit painting scroll from his palm. Then, he entered the medium with a thought.

He did not alarm Xia Qing. Instead, he directly came to the Archean realm.

As soon as he entered the medium, Xia ruofei took out the jade box that he had kept in the stone room in the cave.

Inside the box was the wild tea tree branch he had obtained from the first heaven society.

Xia ruofei opened the jade box and took out the two branches.

The wild tea leaves were well – preserved in the jade box. There were some basic formations on the box to keep them fresh. Xia ruofei had also placed the jade box into the spirit map space in the shortest time possible. Hence, the two branches were still in the state they had just been cut off.

Xia ruofei found an empty space at the Archean realm.

This place had been cultivated when he first planted some vegetables and fruits. Later on, he no longer used the space of the Archean realm to plant vegetables. Basically, only those crops that had a longer maturity period and were relatively precious would be planted in the Archean realm.

For example, wild ginseng, Phoebe zhennan, and so on.

Hence, the space in the Archean realm was quite abundant.

Xia ruofei quickly planted the two wild tea leaves and watered them with the spirit pool water.

In fact, the soil in the spirit map space was still relatively moist, and there was still a large amount of spirit Qi in the air that had already turned into mist, so even if they didn’t water it, it wouldn’t have much of an effect.

There was quite a distance between the two wild tea leaves.

Xia ruofei took the time formation flag and placed it around a cut wild tea tree.

In this way, the time flow of this wild tea tree branch was about 2000 times slower than the outside world.

Xia ruofei wanted to see the results as soon as possible.

The reason why he didn’t include both branches in the time formation was mainly for safety. If the wild tea tree branches in the time formation failed, Xia ruofei would at least have the chance to think of another way to save the remaining branch because the time was not synchronized.

Of course, Xia ruofei was not an expert in Botany or agriculture. Besides, even an expert might not be able to understand the wild tea tree. So, if there was a problem, Xia ruofei would not have any good solutions.

After setting up the time array flags, Xia ruofei checked again. After confirming that there were no problems, he left the Archean realm with a peace of mind.

However, Xia ruofei did not return to the outside world.

He immediately arrived at the mountain and sea realm, where time flowed at the same rate as the outside world. In the stone chamber in the cave, he sat down cross – legged on a Jade futon and began to cultivate.

Of course, Xia ruofei didn’t enter a state of deep seclusion. He just cultivated the “great Dao scroll” normally and only cultivated for about an hour before he stopped and stood up.

When the effects of the time array flag and the primordial realm were combined, there was a difference of about 2000 times in time flow.

Thus, an hour here was equivalent to three months in the formation.

Whether the cutting of the wild tea tree was a success or a failure, there should be a result.

Hence, with a thought, Xia ruofei disappeared from the stone room in the cave. The next moment, he appeared at the Archean realm and stood outside the time formation.

With just a glance, Xia ruofei couldn’t help but reveal a trace of joy. He couldn’t say for sure if the cutting was a success, but at least it didn’t fail.

Because the wild tea tree branch was clearly still alive. It looked full of vitality, and some new shoots had protruded out, growing a small branch.

This growth rate was much, much slower than that of ordinary tea trees.

Regardless, the fact that the wild tea tree could survive and grow in the spirit map space was enough to make Xia ruofei very happy.

As for the problem of slow growth, it was not a big problem in the spirit map space.

In fact, only a few hours had passed in the outside world, but the wild tea tree had already sprouted and grown new branches.

If it was measured by the time in the outside world, this speed was naturally very fast.

Xia ruofei thought for a while and removed the time formation flag. He placed it around another wild tea tree branch. This branch was only in an environment where time flowed 30 times faster. The one hour earlier was almost a day here, so there were basically no changes.

After Xia ruofei set up the time array flags, he went to the stone room in the mountain sea realm to cultivate for about an hour.

Then, he returned to the Archean realm and discovered that the growth of the two wild tea leaves was basically the same.

Xia ruofei was finally at ease.

He removed the time array flag and then carefully dug out a wild tea tree that had been successfully cut. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

In the process of digging, Xia ruofei was even more certain that the cutting was a success. He saw that some roots had grown out of the wild tea tree.

Xia ruofei transplanted this wild tea tree to another one.

Then, he set up the time formation flags again and put the two wild tea plants into the range of the time formation flags.

This way, the range of the time formation flag was slightly larger than before, so the effect was more or less reduced.

But even so, the time array flags and the effect of the Archean realm could still accelerate time by 1800 times. It was enough to support the rapid growth of the two wild tea trees.

Xia ruofei took some more water from the spiritual pond and watered the two wild tea plants. Then, he returned to the stone chamber in the mountain sea realm to cultivate.

This time, Xia ruofei did not need to make a trip every hour. He could cultivate in peace.

Of course, he didn’t know much about wild tea trees, and he didn’t know if wild tea required a lot of Reiki during its growth. Therefore, he would stop after an hour or so of cultivation to check on the consumption and replenishment of Reiki in the spirit map space.

After all, the growth process was compressed by the time array to 1800 times. If the wild tea really needed to consume a large amount of spirit Qi during its growth, the spirit map space would consume a large amount of spirit Qi per unit time due to the compression of time.

Xia ruofei didn’t dare to let his guard down, so he would monitor the spirit map from time to time to prevent the foundation of the spirit map space from being damaged.

Fortunately, the thing he was most worried about did not happen. The spirit Qi concentration in the spirit map space basically did not fluctuate much, which meant that the lost spirit Qi could be replenished in a relatively short time, and a dynamic balance could be maintained.

...

After a few rounds of checks, Xia ruofei was finally at ease. He also gradually reduced the frequency of his checks.

Xia ruofei cultivated in the spirit map space for about a day. Other than stopping to check the concentration of spiritual Qi in the spirit map space, he was basically cultivating.

To Xia ruofei, not eating or sleeping for a day and a night would not affect him at all.

Moreover, he was cultivating, so circulating the ‘great Dao Arts’ was more direct to replenish his energy. It was more effective than eating any nutrition.

Naturally, his cultivation was steadily improving as well, constantly improving with each cultivation.

After Xia ruofei finished his cultivation, he stood up and stretched. He could feel his bones cracking.

He stretched his neck and then left the cave in a flash, heading towards the Archean realm.

One day and one night. According to the effect of the time array flag fusing with the Archean realm, the time flow was about 1800 times faster. Therefore, the two wild tea trees within the range of the time array flag should have experienced about five years.

When Xia ruofei arrived at the Archean realm and looked up, he couldn’t help but reveal a satisfied smile.

The two wild tea trees were 100% alive, and they had grown a lot during the five years in the array.

Of course, compared to the wild tea tree on the cliff of the heavenly sect, it was still far inferior.

...

No one knew how many years the wild tea tree of the first heaven society had existed. It had grown to more than 20 meters tall and was as thick as three people.

As for the two wild tea trees in the spirit map space, after five years, their trunks had only grown to a diameter of about ten centimeters and a height of only a meter.

If it was an ordinary tea tree, growing in an environment like the spirit map space for five years would probably yield better results than growing in the outside world for ten or twenty years.

But this wild tea seemed to grow slower.

Of course, if Chen Nanfeng and Chen Xuan knew that Xia ruofei had successfully transplanted the plants, they would be shocked. Yingluo and the others had tried all sorts of methods for many years. Many of Chen Nanfeng’s friends had also asked for the branches to try cutting, but all of them had failed.

If they knew that Xia ruofei had succeeded in planting the tea leaves and even complained that wild tea leaves grew slowly, they would probably doubt their lives even more.

Of course, Xia ruofei was generally satisfied.

Although these two wild tea trees were still very short and thin, they exuded vitality. Their leaves were green, and they were growing well.

Although the crops in the spirit map space did not need him to water them, Xia ruofei still fetched two buckets of spirit pool water and walked into the range of the array to water the two wild tea trees again.

As for the time array flag, Xia ruofei had no other use for it at the moment, so he kept it where it was. He also wanted the wild tea tree to grow as soon as possible.

After staying in the spirit map space for more than a day, Xia ruofei finally left the space, satisfied.

The success of the wild tea tree’s cutting also gave him a lot of confidence.

He was very confident that he would be able to raise the power of the star Seizer sect in a short time.

The effect might not be particularly obvious in the short term, but in the long run, the value of wild tea trees was undoubtedly huge.