Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

3089 Successfully employed (1)

Chen Xuan landed the Clearwater flying boat in a secluded area in the outskirts of the triplet mountain. When he reappeared by the side of the road, he was already dressed in a modern attire. He wore a pair of faded jeans, a plaid shirt, and a pair of sports shoes. He even carried a backpack on his back. He was dressed like a typical programmer.

Chen Xuan was able to get into character rather quickly. In fact, he was even starting to control his own expenses. From the suburbs to the city, he did not even bother to take a taxi. Instead, he walked a few hundred meters to the bus stop and took the bus to the city.

Of course, Chen Xuan didn’t apply for the job directly at the Paradise Corporation.

He found a youth hostel near the company, asked for a single room that cost 80 yuan a day, and stayed there.

Chen Xuan was in his room at the hotel. He turned on his laptop and went online to check on the situation at paradise Corporation. Although he spent most of his time cultivating in the sect, he still had some understanding of the situation in the secular world. As for the basic operating skills of computers and the internet, he naturally had them.

Chen Xuan did a quick search on paradise Corporation and was surprised to find that this company seemed to be quite interesting.

Although the Paradise company had only been established for slightly more than three years, it had achieved a series of jaw – dropping achievements. Almost every one of its products was a hit, and it could be said that its reputation on the internet had exploded.

The company’s development had been moving forward at a high speed. In just three years, it had expanded from a small company to an enterprise with billions of assets.

After checking on the situation, Chen Xuan’s heart started to calm down. He had been worried that his father would send him to an unknown small company for training. If that were the case, he would be wasting his time.

Even though he was training in the secular world, Chen Xuan still hoped to achieve something.

Chen Xuan then visited the peach blossom company’s official website and Weibo. To his surprise, he discovered that the company had just released a Recruitment Notice. The scope of the recruitment was quite wide, including sales, operations, art design, and of course, the requirements for programmers. One of the positions was for programmers who were proficient in PhD.

This was really like a pillow when you were sleepy!

Chen Xuan couldn’t help but chuckle.

He compiled his resume on his laptop and first submitted it to paradise Corporation online. Then, he went to a nearby printing shop to print a few copies.

Chen Xuan’s resume was actually very simple. His shortcomings were his lack of work experience and academic qualifications. This time, he had left in a hurry. Otherwise, he could have used the power of the sect’s secular world to get him a degree. That night, Chen Nanfeng came to find him and asked him to leave the next morning. Of course, he didn’t have enough time. Chen Nanfeng didn’t even mention this at all, which meant that he was testing Chen Xuan.

Entering the company with a bright resume wasn’t considered a skill. Entering the company with one’s own strength was what was called skill.

In Chen Xuan’s resume, he had written that he had graduated from high school, and after working for a few years, he had signed up for a PhD training course. He did not have any work experience in a related company, but he had more practical experience. He had taken on many jobs online and had completed them beautifully.

In the email, Chen Xuan had even included a few scripts that he had used to practice his PhD.

The next step was naturally to wait for news.

If Chen Xuan’s resume were to be submitted to other companies, it would most likely be swept into the trash bin during the first round of screening.

However, the Paradise Corporation was a little different.

Tao Yuan company had never been a company that only looked at academic qualifications. The chairman of Qin Zhuan company, Xia ruofei, was only a high school graduate! Therefore, even though the recruitment process would give priority to those with high academic qualifications, they would not completely give those with low academic qualifications a chance.

On top of that, the few scripts that Chen Xuan had attached to the contract had also played a significant role.

The HR department naturally did not know how to differentiate the standard of the script. Normally, such a resume would be easily eliminated at the first moment. However, the few small scripts made the HR manager in charge of screening the resume a little uncertain. Wanwan mainly knew that the company was recruiting a lot of programmers recently. Because paradise Corporation was not an internet company, it had never been the first choice of programmers. It was not easy to recruit skilled programmers, so the HR department did not want to eliminate this resume so hastily. If they missed out on an amazing person, wouldn’t they be in serious trouble?

As such, the HR department followed the usual practice and transferred the resume and the attachment to the technical department.

It was a matter of skill, and it was naturally up to the technical staff to judge.

In the end, Chen Xuan’s small script caused a huge stir in the technical department.

Although the amount of code in the scripts was not large, anyone who knew the game would know that the logic was clear and the thinking was meticulous. Every function, every call, and every variable were just right. There was almost no extra word.

In the eyes of a real programmer, such code was full of a different kind of beauty.

The technical Supervisor in charge of setting up the development Department made a decision on the spot and informed the authors who wrote these scripts to come for an interview. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

The reason why they didn’t hire him directly but only came for an interview was naturally because they only saw the code, but they couldn’t be sure that the author of the code was really the one who submitted the resume. Therefore, an on – the – spot examination was also an essential part.

When Chen Xuan received the notice for the interview, he had just taken a shower in the cramped bathroom of the youth Hotel. This was already the best room in the hotel. He didn’t need to share a room with anyone. Furthermore, there was a separate bathroom. Even though it was small, it was for one person to enjoy.