Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

3100 Effect (2)

Xia ruofei took out the spirit gathering talisman from the spirit map space and threw it out skillfully. In an instant, a small spirit gathering array was set up around the two.

After the formation was activated, the surrounding spiritual Qi gathered at an accelerated speed. The two of them had already shown signs of spiritual Qi not being able to continue, but once the formation was set up, the spiritual Qi instantly became much more abundant.

The process of the two’s breakthrough lasted for about ten minutes before it slowly stabilized.

However, the two of them did not stop cultivating. It was clear that the effects of the wild tea had not been exhausted.

After about 20 minutes, Liu Hong and Wang Shan let out a breath of turbid air one after another. They slowly opened their eyes and left their state of cultivation.

After consuming the wild tea, they all entered a state of cultivation uncontrollably. When they first consumed the wild tea, even Xia ruofei could not get rid of this influence. He started cultivating in front of Chen Xuan and the others. With Liu Hong and Wang Shan’s cultivation, they naturally could not resist.

When their cultivation base broke through, the two of them actually felt it, but when they were in a state of cultivation, they were not distracted, especially under the effect of the wild tea, so they were almost in a state of selflessness, so the two of them did not have much emotional fluctuations.

Now that they had stopped cultivating, the two of them naturally discovered that they had already broken through to the ninth Qi layer. Moreover, the half an hour of cultivation after the breakthrough had allowed them to completely stabilize their cultivation. They even felt that their current strength was a bit stronger than a Junior Brother who had just broken through to the ninth Qi layer in the sect.

This made the two of them feel like they were in a dream, and they couldn’t help but be stunned.

When they found out that they were going to participate in the test to verify the effects of the spirit tea, they had thought that even if the spirit tea was effective, it would at most improve their cultivation. They had never thought that it would improve so much. Not only did they break through a level of cultivation, but they could also continue to advance a stage. This was simply too heaven – defying!

Luo Qingfeng and Xia ruofei were overjoyed.

They did not even need to ask Liu Hong and Wang Shan. They only needed to scan with their spiritual power to sense their current cultivation.

Naturally, Xia ruofei and Luo Qingfeng were well aware of their cultivation levels before they consumed the spiritual tea.

After comparing the two, Xia ruofei quickly came to a conclusion. Even though the effect of the wild tea he had planted in the spirit map space was not as good as the wild tea in the first heaven society, it was not too far off.

Considering that Liu Hong and Wang Shan’s aptitudes were relatively average, the effect of taking wild tea would also be reduced.

If a more talented cultivator drank the wild tea, there would probably be a greater improvement.

In this way, this batch of wild tea seemed to be about the same as the wild tea of the first heaven society.

Seeing Liu Hong and Wang Shan in a daze, Luo Qingfeng could not help but frown and clear his throat.

Only then did Liu Hong and Wang Shan come back to their senses. They looked at Xia ruofei and Luo Qingfeng, got up at the same time, and walked to Xia ruofei and Luo Qingfeng. They knelt on the ground with a thud and kowtowed several times.

&quot;Thank you, sect leader, master, and elder Xia, for your kindness in giving us a new life!&quot; Wang Shan said with a trembling voice.

&quot;Thank you, master!&quot; Liu Hong sobbed. Thank you, elder Xia!&quot;

&quot;Get up,&quot; Luo Qingfeng said indifferently.&quot;You two can get up!&quot; Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

&quot;Yes! Master!&quot;

The two of them stood up and stood in front of Xia ruofei and Luo Qingfeng with their hands down, ready to listen to their teachings.

Luo Qingfeng first looked at Xia ruofei. Seeing that Xia ruofei had no intention of speaking, he said,&quot;&quot;Liu Hong, Wang Shan, the effect of this spiritual tea has been verified and is almost the same as what we expected. The two of you are willing to test the tea with your own bodies under these circumstances, which is a huge contribution to the sect. In view of the fact that you’ve already gained a lot of benefits from the tea testing process, master will not reward you any further. However, your contribution, master has seen it with my eyes and will remember it in my heart. Moreover, now that you’ve broken through to the ninth Qi layer, you’re also a very important backbone of the sect. In the future, you’ll naturally be given more important tasks!&quot;

&quot;Thank you, master! Shizun allowing this disciple to participate in the tea testing is already the greatest reward for this disciple. &quot; Wang Shan was the first to speak.&quot;I dare not ask for any other rewards. I am only willing to risk my life for master and the sect and not let down master’s cultivation!&quot;

&quot;Master, I don’t need a reward!&quot; Liu Hong also said loudly. In the future, Hong ‘er’s life will be shizun’ s. If shizun has any orders, this disciple will risk his life, climb a mountain of daggers, or plunge into a sea of fire without hesitation!&quot; Xia ruofei saw that Luo Qingfeng was so nervous, and his eyes did not leave Liu Hong and Wang Shan, so he simply did not chat with him. He just sipped his tea and waited. As for Luo Qingfeng, he would let him drink by himself. In any case, he had just made two pots of tea, just enough for each person to have one.