Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

3113 Â Heart - to - Heart talk (1)

Â  Â  The scene was not as tense as Chen Xuan had imagined. Xia ruofei even let Chen Xuan go to the guest area and made tea for him personally.

Â  Of course, Xia ruofei did not take out the wild tea that had been successfully transplanted. Instead, he used the Taoyuan Da Hong Pao.

Â  Chen Xuan felt a little awkward, especially when he thought about how he had entered Xia ruofei's company as an ordinary programmer. Before Xia ruofei had revealed his identity, he had still addressed Xia ruofei as "Chairman". This made him feel even more uncomfortable.

Â  Xia ruofei gestured for Chen Xuan to try the tea he had brewed. Then, he asked,""Brother Chen, your father didn't send you to our paradise Corporation just to let you gain experience in the secular world, right? I know you might not know the inside story, but I hope you can tell me everything you know ... Of course, I won't force brother Chen. Even if you turn around and go back to the first heaven society now, I won't stop you. " Fá»‹ğ’dd ğ’ew updğ’‚tğ’†s on n(o)v/e/lğ’ƒin(.)com

Â  Chen Xuan nodded slightly. Xia ruofei's way of doing things was very kind. However, he also knew that if he really left, his friendship with Xia ruofei would end here. Even if they were not enemies, they would be strangers.

Â  Chen Xuan did not wish for that to happen. He had felt that the two of them hit it off the first time he had met Xia ruofei at the auction. After a few interactions, this feeling became even more obvious. Especially when he found out that Xia ruofei was already an early - Stage golden core cultivator and had long stolen his title as the youngest golden core cultivator. He admired Xia ruofei even more and hoped to become better friends with him.

Â  Chen Xuan thought for a moment before replying,"brother Xia, a son shouldn't speak of his father's faults. Besides, I really don't know my father's intentions. The old man had always done things without leaving any traces. However, since brother Xia has asked, I can only try my best to tell you my feelings ..."

Â  Xia ruofei nodded slightly and did not say anything. Instead, he looked at Chen Xuan and made a listening gesture.

Â  Chen Xuan pondered for a moment before saying,""I'm guessing ... It might be related to the five Holy badges. "

Â  Hearing this, Xia ruofei couldn't help but raise his eyebrows. His face revealed a strange expression, but he quickly returned to normal and didn't show any signs of being moved.

Â  "The night before I left, my father had specifically asked me to bring the two five Holy badges with me, but he didn't explain why. However, the five saint medallions are extremely precious, and there are still some risks when I take them with me to travel the secular world. However, he insisted that I take them with me, which is somewhat abnormal. That's why I guessed that the five saint medallions had something to do with my father sending me out to gain experience. "

Â  Chen Xuan was very calm when he said these words. He did not even care about his own safety. After all, the five - Saints badge was so precious and his cultivation was not as high as Xia ruofei 's. If Xia ruofei really coveted the five - Saints badge, it could really be snatched away under the current circumstances.

Â  However, he still didn't hesitate much and told them his judgment in full detail.

Â  Xia ruofei's mind raced. After hearing Chen Xuan's words, he had the same judgment as Chen Xuan.

Â  However, it would make sense to say that he could not hide his cultivation and appearance in front of Chen Nanfeng. After all, Chen Nanfeng was a late - Stage golden core cultivator and his spiritual power cultivation was far superior to Xia ruofei 's.

Â  However, the five Saints token ... Xia ruofei was sure that there would be no flaws.

Â  Could it be that Chen Nanfeng had really noticed something and even guessed that he had a five Saints badge on him? Xia ruofei couldn't help but Mutter in his heart.

Â  Chen Xuan saw that Xia ruofei was in a daze and could not help but call out,""Brother Xia!"

Â  "Oh!" Xia ruofei returned to her senses and said,"brother Chen, I'm sorry. I was a little distracted ... Please continue."

Â  Chen Xuan looked at Xia ruofei thoughtfully. He had some guesses in his mind.

Â  However, he didn't say it out loud. Instead, he smiled bitterly and said,""I don't have any other information."

Â  Then, he told Xia ruofei about how Chen Nanfeng had summoned him that night and asked him to come to the secular world for training. In the end, he said,""That's how it is. Actually, I'm also confused ..."

Â  Xia ruofei nodded and said,""Okay, I understand. Thank you for telling me this, brother Chen ..." He said.

Â  A bitter smile appeared on Chen Xuan's face as he replied,"Brother Xia, if I had known that this company was your property, I would never have come even if I had to risk disobeying my father's orders! I'm truly sorry for what happened this time. "

Â  Xia ruofei waved his hand and said,"let's not talk about this." Brother Chen, I really don't know what the first heaven society's attitude towards me is, and I don't know what purpose your father has for arranging this. However, please go back and tell your father that I have no intention of becoming enemies with the first heaven society, nor have I ever wanted to dominate the cultivation world. I hope that nothing like this will ever happen again. "

Â  At this point, Xia ruofei's expression turned serious. He looked at Chen Xuan and continued,""Yes! This is my bottom line! Although the industries of the secular world are insignificant in the eyes of many cultivators, I'm different. I don't want to see the Paradise Corporation being affected and coveted by others, and I don't want my family and friends in the secular world to be threatened or even hurt by the cultivation world. If such a thing really happens, no matter how strong the other party is, I will definitely take revenge madly and not rest until I die!"