Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3132 Â Release the signal_1

Â  Â  Even though Xia ruofei spoke in a casual tone, Chen Xuan's eyes narrowed and his face revealed a strange expression.

Â  Originally, he had a lot of questions about his father, Chen Nanfeng, asking him to bring two five Saint badges to the secular world for training. These days, he had also made various speculations, but he could not figure it out.

Â  It was only when Xia ruofei suddenly appeared at the peach blossom company that Chen Xuan finally understood.

Â  Since the Paradise Corporation was Xia ruofei's business in the secular world, Chen Nanfeng must have had a deeper meaning for him to come to the Paradise Corporation for training. Under such circumstances, Chen Nanfeng had specifically asked him to bring two five - Saints badges. Could it be that Xia ruofei had a close relationship with the five - Saints badges?

Â  Back at the auction, Chen Xuan had borrowed spirit stones from Xia ruofei to bid for the five Saints token. Lğ’‚aTest novğ’†ls on (n)ğ’velbi/ğ’(.)coğ’

Â  At that time, Chen Xuan was worried that Xia ruofei would also want to compete for the five Saints token. He did not expect Xia ruofei to lend him the spiritual stones so readily after a short pause.

Â  If Xia ruofei had studied the five - Saint token deeply or knew its secret, how could he give it up so easily?

Â  Chen Xuan thought about it and realized that there was another possibility. Xia ruofei already had the last yet to be born five Saints token.

Â  This was almost a guess.

Â  Of course, this was all under the premise that Chen Nanfeng still knew everything.

Â  In fact, Chen Xuan's guess was basically the truth. It was even closer to the truth than Chen Nanfeng's guess. Chen Nanfeng only thought that Xia ruofei had come into contact with the five Saints badge recently. He did not expect that Xia ruofei would have the last five Saints badge with him.

Â  Chen Nanfeng was overconfident because he could sense the weak aura of anyone who had come into contact with the five Saints badge. If the five Saints badge was still with Xia ruofei, even if it was in the storage ring, its aura would definitely not be able to escape his eyes.

Â  What he did not expect was that Xia ruofei did not use a storage treasure, but a much higher - grade Grotto - heaven treasure. If Xia ruofei had not come into contact with the five Saints token for a short time in the spirit map space and had not gone to the first heaven sect, he would not have sensed that faint aura.

Â  Chen Xuan had no idea what Chen Nanfeng's intentions were. He only had a vague guess that it had something to do with the five Saints badge. Hence, he could not provide Xia ruofei with more information when he appeared. However, he did not hide anything about the five Saints badge.

Â  Of course, that was all.

Â  He did not continue to beat around the bush with Xia ruofei about the five Saints token.

Â  Chen Xuan did not expect Xia ruofei to lead the conversation to the five sacred medallions.

Â  For a moment, many thoughts flashed through Chen Xuan's mind.

Â  After a moment of silence, Chen Xuan said,""Our three clans had once studied the five Holy badges together. However, we had yet to obtain the fourth badge at that time. The results of the research back then ... Could actually be said to have made no progress at all. Brother Xia, do you ... Have any good suggestions?"

Â  Chen Xuan was a little more cautious with his words, but his tone was filled with a sense of probing.

Â  Xia ruofei smiled and said,"brother Chen, I'm just saying. After all, no one knows if there will be any new discoveries with the four tokens." Since there's no progress in your research, why don't you give it a try?"

Â  Chen Xuan was slightly disappointed, but he had a feeling that Xia ruofei was not just saying it casually. He thought for a while and said,""I'll go back and contact my father to ask for his opinion. After all, he would have to step in if he wanted to gather the other two sects to bring out the five Saints badges. However ... The five Holy badges are with me now, so it might not be too convenient!"

Â  Xia ruofei laughed and said,"brother Chen, you really can't forget about this experiential learning job!" Do you really not want to leave our company that much? Actually, you could have arranged for the meeting to be at San Shan! This won't delay anything, right?"

Â  A light bulb went off in Chen Xuan's head. He was even more certain that Xia ruofei's suggestion was not just for show.

Â  However, he didn't show it. He just smiled and said,"Brother Xia's suggestion is not bad! I'll seriously consider it. "

Â  Following that, everyone tacitly did not mention the matter of the five sacred badges again. They drank and chatted, and the atmosphere was very good.

Â  At around nine in the evening, Chen Xuan stood up and bade farewell.

Â  The reason was that she had to go to work tomorrow and had to go back early to rest.

Â  Xia ruofei and the other two couldn't help but laugh. Chen Xuan was too immersed in his character!

Â  However, Xia ruofei was rather impressed by Chen Xuan. He did everything seriously and did it to the extreme. It was unreasonable for such a person to not succeed.

Â  Considering that Chen Xuan didn't have a car, Xia ruofei was supposed to drive him back.

Â  However, Chen Xuan had rejected the offer and booked a Didi cab instead.

Â  Hence, Xia ruofei and the other two walked him to the entrance of the villa district as a way to take a walk to digest his food.

Â  Xia ruofei even saw Chen Xuan retrieving his identity card at the entrance of the community. He must have been detained here when he entered the community. The management of the personnel in this villa community had always been very strict.

Â  In fact, Xia ruofei was also very curious about Chen Xuan's identity card, but he was too embarrassed to ask him for it.

Â  At the entrance of the villa district, Xia ruofei and the other two accompanied Chen Xuan for a while. The Didi that he had arranged to meet with arrived. Xia ruofei took a look and saw that it was an ordinary Ford Focus. Chen Xuan must have chosen an ordinary model to save money.