Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

3137 Â Token number one appears (1)

The four tokens looked almost exactly the same, the only difference was the number engraved on them.

Â  These four tokens were numbered two, three, four, and five. Among them, token two and token four both belonged to the first heaven sect, token three came from the flying flower Valley, and the remaining token five belonged to the vast waves sect.

Â  In the small meeting room, Chen Xuan, Liu Mansha, and Mu Sheng stared at the four tokens with wide eyes, not knowing how to study them.

Â  As for Yu Xin 'Er and Mu Jianfei, they had lost all sense of existence. There wasn't even a place for them to look at each other. They could only look at everyone from a distance.

Â  In fact, the three sects had also joined forces to study the five sacred badges in the past few years. However, just like before, the appearance of the badges was almost the same. There were no changes even when they were placed together. They could not find any breakthrough in the study at all.

Â  The elders of the three sects had studied the five Holy badges all year round. They had also tried to study the serial number of the badges. After all, this was the only difference between the badges.

Â  There were indeed people who tried to do it from the engraving technique of the number, the fine lines, and other aspects. However, they chose the wrong direction from the beginning. Naturally, there would only be one result, and that was to walk into a dead end.

Â  Today, the fourth command token had also joined in, but it seemed to have no effect. It was no different from the previous three command tokens.

Â  Liu Mansha and Mu Sheng both turned to look at Chen Xuan. He had asked the first heaven sect to gather the two sects to study the five sacred writs together. They naturally thought that the first heaven sect had made some discoveries. They just needed to put the four writs together to verify it. After all, the first heaven sect had two writs. This was something that no sect had been able to do in the past.

Â  How could Chen Xuan have any clues?

Â  He looked at Xia ruofei again.

Â  &quot;Brother Xia, did you find any clues?&quot; Chen Xuan asked.

Â  Mu Sheng and Liu Mansha couldn't help but reveal a strange expression. They were very puzzled by Chen Xuan's behavior of asking Xia ruofei without saying anything.

Â  Xia ruofei suddenly became the focus of attention in the small meeting room. Even mu Jianfei and Yu xiner looked at him.

Â  Xia ruofei cleared his throat and said,&quot;Two seniors, brother Chen, there won't be any results if you study these four tokens together. This is because we're still missing the last token. I feel that after we've gathered the last token, there will definitely be a surprise. &quot;

Â  In fact, the modern cultivation world had a very limited understanding of the rising Dragon Order, which was also the five sacred tokens.

Â  They couldn't even be sure if there were only five tokens. However, among the tokens that had been born so far, the largest number was the blue waves sect's token number five. Therefore, everyone tentatively named it the 'five sages token'. At the same time, the mainstream thought that there were a total of five tokens in a set.

Â  However, no one dared to Pat their chests and say that there was definitely no sixth ... Which was the Lu token.

Â  Of course, Xia ruofei's point of view was not new.

Â  The mainstream opinion in the cultivation world was that, under the premise that there were only five tokens in a set, clues would appear after all five tokens were gathered. The research on the five Holy badges would also make a breakthrough.

Â  Hence, Xia ruofei's words did not have much meaning. To put it bluntly, it was just correct nonsense.

Â  However, Liu Mansha and Mu Sheng were sect leaders after all, and they both had a good impression of Xia ruofei. So, they naturally would not scold Xia ruofei on the spot. They just felt a little disappointed.

Â  However, Chen Xuan was secretly anxious as he replied,&quot;&quot;Brother Xia, I also believe that. But ... The last number one token hasn't appeared yet, right? We can only study these four tokens for now. I wonder if brother Xia ... Will be able to find any valuable clues from these four tokens?&quot;

Â  Xia ruofei didn't plan to hide it anymore. He smiled and said,&quot;&quot;I really can't find any clues from the combination of four tokens. But ... We can try to put all five tokens together ...&quot;

Â  As long as he still wanted to study the secret of the five sages token, it was impossible for him to hide the fact that he had the five sages token.

Â  After all, he only had one token, so he couldn't study it well no matter what. Only by gathering all five tokens together would there be a magical change. The other four tokens were in the hands of others, so it was impossible for him to study them quietly.

Â  Therefore, Xia ruofei had used his connection with Chen Nanfeng and the first heaven society's influence to gather everyone together. The purpose was to combine the tokens.

Â  After all, money moved people's hearts, so there was naturally a risk in doing so.

Â  However, Xia ruofei had already minimized the risk.

Â  The soaring Flower Valley and the surging waves sect did not mobilize their forces, and the meeting place was set at the three mountains, which he had full authority to arrange.

Â  Moreover, he himself was an early stage golden core cultivator, which even Liu Mansha and Mu Sheng did not know.

Â  In addition, he had made some arrangements in the meeting room in advance to prevent Liu Mansha from sensing the fluctuations of the true hair. It was not only soundproof and shielded. If a conflict really broke out, the array that Xia ruofei had set up with the Jade talismans was enough to trap them for a few minutes.

Â  With such a time difference, Xia ruofei could easily pick up Song Wei and Ling Qingxue and escape Xuanji by airboat. He had already let Song Wei and Ling Qingxue to the Shangri - La hotel, but they were just staying in Xia ruofei's room. If there was a conflict, Xia ruofei could drive the airboat and pick them up from the window on the side of the outer wall. There was more than enough time.

Â  With so many arrangements, Xia ruofei had some confidence.

Â  Since he was destined to be unable to hide it, he might as well get straight to the point.

Â  Chen Xuan and the rest did not immediately understand what Xia ruofei meant. Alll ğ’ğ’‚test novğ’†lğ’” on novelbğ’Šn/(.)cğ’m

Â  Xia ruofei, on the other hand, took out token number one from the stone chamber in the mountain sea realm with a thought. At the same time, he wrapped the token with a layer of mind power, completely isolating the token from the outside world.

Â  &quot;Seniors, brother Chen ...&quot; Xia ruofei said,&quot;actually, there's a token in the storage spiritual treasure that my master gave me. The number is one. It's just that my cultivation level was too low before, so I couldn't open this storage magic treasure at all. I only managed to open the storage magic treasure that my master gave me because I had a breakthrough in my cultivation level recently. In the end, there's only this number one token inside. &quot;