Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

3150 Professor Shen (1)

Today’s exchange meeting was completely an Academic Exchange and had nothing to do with cultivation, so there was no need to avoid it. The staff were all from the club.

When they arrived at the meeting room, everything was ready.

Everyone sat on both sides of the conference table. At this time, Shen Heping, an Associate Professor of the Computer Science Department of Beijing University, noticed Song Wei sitting beside Xia ruofei. His eyes lit up and he shouted,””Song Wei? You’re here too?”

Just now, Song Wei and Ling Qingxue were drinking tea with Mu Sheng and the others in the living room on the first floor. When Wang Chi, Shen Heping, and the others arrived, Zhao Yongjun and Xia ruofei led them directly to the conference room on the second floor because everyone was already there. Song Wei and the others followed behind, so Shen Heping did not see Song Wei at first. It was only when everyone was seated in the conference room that he was surprised and happy as if he had discovered a new continent.

After all, Song Wei’s major was archeology and had nothing to do with Computer Science. Shen Heping did not expect Song Wei to appear at such a small exchange meeting.

Xia ruofei looked at Song Wei in surprise and asked with a smile,””Weiwei, do you know professor Shen?”

Song Wei’s expression was a little unnatural. She nodded reluctantly and said,””They’re from the same school, and I’ve met professor Shen a few times before. ”

Shen Heping said with a smile,”call me senior brother!” What professor Shen? Don’t forget that I also went to Beijing University for my bachelor’s degree. It’s my first degree!”

Xia ruofei looked at the excited Shen Heping with interest, then turned to Song Wei and said with a smile,””I almost forgot that Wei Wei is also a top student at Beijing University! Then professor Wang and professor Shen can be considered your teachers!”

Song Wei smiled and nodded. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

When Shen Heping heard Xia ruofei calling Song Wei “Weiwei” so intimately for the second time, he was displeased. Especially when he saw Song Wei’s respectful and distant attitude towards him, the dissatisfaction in his heart was even stronger.

Shen Heping could tell that Song Wei and Xia ruofei had a close relationship. He noticed that when he greeted Song Wei with enthusiasm, Song Wei’s eyes showed an undisguised rejection. At the same time, she subconsciously leaned closer to Xia ruofei. This kind of unconscious body language was the best explanation.

In fact, the relationship between Song Wei and Shen Heping was not as simple as just meeting a few times.

When Shen Heping finished his studies and returned to China a few years ago, Song Wei was just in her second year. Once, by chance, Shen Heping met Song Wei at a club event. At first sight, he was shocked by her beauty, and then he began to pursue her fiercely.

At that time, Heping Shen was just in his early 30s. He was a PhD student from a famous university who had just returned from overseas. He was also highly valued by the leaders of the computer research Institute. When he returned, he was immediately awarded the title of Associate Professor. In accordance with the talent introduction policy, he was given a residence permit and a house in Beijing. At that time, he also received a considerable amount of settling – in money.

In addition, Shen Heping was also considered handsome. During his undergraduate years, he was very famous at Beijing University for being handsome and good at studying. Even in a top university like Beijing University, he was still the most popular type of person.

After returning to Beijing University after getting his PhD from the United States, Shen Heping was very proud.

He thought that a PhD student with good looks, a bright future, and a lot of money would be able to pursue an undergraduate student easily.

He did not expect it to be so difficult to pursue Song Wei.

No matter how hard he tried, Song Wei did not show any signs of being tempted.

After all, Shen Heping was an Associate Professor with a certain amount of resources. Therefore, he had heard some information about Song Wei’s family background. Although he was not particularly clear, he at least knew that Song Wei’s father’s rank was not low. He was a high – ranking official in power.

From then on, Shen Heping’s pursuit of Song Wei became even more passionate.

However, from the time Song Wei was in her second year of University until she finished her bachelor’s degree, and then continued to study for her master’s degree, all the efforts Shen Heping had made on Song Wei over the years were in vain. There was no progress in their relationship at all, and Song Wei clearly showed that she was tired of him. This made Shen Heping feel a strong sense of defeat in his heart.

Of course, he was more unwilling to accept it.

Attending the so – called Academic Exchange was secondary to Shen Heping’s visit to the legendary Paradise Club. His main purpose was to experience it. To put it bluntly, he wanted to experience something new. After all, the reputation of the Paradise Club had been like the sun in the sky in the capital in the past few months. Even the common people in the streets often talked about this club. They felt that being able to visit the Paradise Club once was a different status.

In fact, most of them had never been to the Paradise Club before. After all, only a few of them had membership cards.

Therefore, two days ago, when Shen Heping heard that there was an Academic Exchange meeting held at the Paradise clubhouse, he immediately fought for a spot.

Originally, professor Wang Chi was going to bring a PhD student with him. After all, the person who invited him to the meeting was also a very important person. The person was here for the Computer Science Department of Beijing University and his name, so it would be bad if he didn’t attend.

Wang Chi saw that Shen Heping wanted to participate so much, so he reluctantly brought him along. After all, they did not limit the number of people who could attend. They even said that the more people the better, so there was no need to worry about a lack of reception