Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

3152 Â Blasted off the stage (1)

Â  Â  Shen Heping didn't even want to talk about supercomputers today.

Â  Because that wasn't his main research area, he wouldn't be able to talk much. As for the basic stuff like Guo Qian and Li Yufu, he disdained them.

Â  Although the scope of today's exchange was very small, the people attending were of very high levels.

Â  Needless to say, academician Wang Chi was Lu Zhou's direct boss and a big name in the domestic Computer Science field. Guo Qian and Li Yufu were also well - known figures in the domain.

Â  Shen Heping naturally wanted to show his face at this exchange, not just to freeload off the free entertainment of the Paradise Club.

Â  Therefore, he had prepared what he felt was the proudest content.

Â  Especially when he saw that Song Wei was present today, it was a pleasant surprise for Shen Heping. This also strengthened his idea of explaining the original content today. It was perfect to talk about this part in front of Song Wei.

Â  Shen Heping even thought that this was the arrangement of the heavens.

Â  He confidently walked to the podium and turned on his laptop. Vissit novelbin(.)c.ğ’m for updates

Â  The staff came over and connected the MDT cable reserved on the podium to Shen Heping's laptop. Then, he wanted to help Shen Heping set up the computer and output the computer content to the projector.

Â  However, Shen Heping waved his hand and said indifferently,""I won't project the screen for now. I'll do it myself when I need it."

Â  Switching the shortcut keys wasn't a high - Level operation. Most people who used the computer screen often knew it. The staff member saw that the expert had such a request and naturally would satisfy it. He nodded, then bowed slightly and retreated to the side.

Â  Shen Heping opened the PowerPoint on his computer, but because the projector screen was not turned on, no one could see the contents of the PowerPoint.

Â  Shen Heping operated his computer for a while before straightening up. With a confident smile on his face, he said,""Today, I want to talk to you about the cutting edge of Computer Science, which is my main research field ..."

Â  When Shen Heping said this, Wang Chi, who was sitting in the audience, couldn't help but frown slightly. He was the leader of Beijing University's Institute of Computer Science, so he naturally knew the research direction of the researchers, professors, and associate professors. Although Shen Heping had only made a simple opening remark, Wang Chi had already guessed what Shen Heping was going to say.

Â  Wang Chi naturally knew that the content of Shen Ping's speech had nothing to do with the main topic of today's exchange. He faintly felt that it was somewhat inappropriate.

Â  This was especially so for a young and arrogant Associate Professor who had returned from abroad like Shen Heping. His self - esteem was even stronger, so Wang Chi didn't intend to remind Shen Heping.

Â  Not to mention, for various academic conferences and academic forums at home and abroad, everyone's speeches might not really fit the theme. Under normal circumstances, the organizers would not be dissatisfied.

Â  After all, there were still similarities in academia, especially in the branches of the same major field. Even if there were two completely unrelated branches, there might still be inspiration and references.

Â  Wang Chi did not interrupt Shen Heping's speech.

Â  As for Xia ruofei and Chen Xuan, they did not know what Shen Heping wanted to say. They were interested and wanted to hear Shen Heping's opinion.

Â  Although Xia ruofei could feel Shen Pingping's hostility before the exchange, he did not underestimate Shen Pingping's academic ability.

Â  In the field of Computer Science, many young and middle - aged experts had achieved great achievements. This was a young industry in itself. Shen Heping had the Golden signboard of a PhD student who had returned from a famous overseas University, so he should have some real skills.

Â  Besides, Xia ruofei believed in Zhao Yongjun's sense of propriety. If Shen Heping was really an ignorant and incompetent person, Zhao Yongjun would definitely not let him participate in the exchange meeting, even if it was Wang Chi's face.

Â  Hence, Xia ruofei was still listening to Shen Heping's speech very seriously.

Â  Shen Heping glanced at Xia ruofei and Chen Xuan, who were as serious as primary school students. He felt a strong sense of achievement in his heart. He could not help but look at Song Wei who was beside Xia ruofei.

Â  To his disappointment, Song Wei did not look at the podium. Instead, she sat upright and stared at a potted plant on the conference table. She was obviously not listening to him at all.

Â  Originally, Song Wei did not know much about this professional stuff. She was just accompanying Xia ruofei today. Moreover, the person who spoke was Shen Heping, who she hated. Naturally, she did not even want to maintain her superficial courtesy and directly went into a daze.

Â  Shen Heping was not discouraged. He firmly believed that the content of his speech would definitely attract Song Wei's attention, and he might even win her heart!

Â  In any case, for the past few years, Shen Heping had always maintained this kind of mysterious self - confidence.

Â  Shen Heping continued,"today, I would like to talk to everyone about some of our achievements in the field of artificial intelligence, or rather, some breakthroughs!" The topic of my speech today is 'Beijing University Computer Science Department's Shen Heping's research group on artificial intelligence Xiaowei's research progress and several innovative thoughts in the field of artificial intelligence'."

Â  As soon as Shen Heping said this, Li Yufu and Guo Qian turned their heads and looked at each other. However, since it was none of their business, they did not say anything and chose to watch the show in silence.

Â  Wang Chi's eyelids drooped as he scribbled on his notebook, not having any intention of saying anything.

Â 