Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

3176 An inspirational idol (1)

After Wei Xue cheered, she hugged Deputy Director Wei and kissed him on the cheek. She then said happily,”Dad! You’re really amazing. Not only did you get a gift from President Xia, but you also made him take the initiative to write me a blessing! I love you to death!”

Deputy Director Wei was stunned for a moment. He touched his cheek. He was not thinking about Xia ruofei’s gift but how long had it been since his daughter kissed him? It seemed that after her daughter entered junior high school, she had already learned to avoid it?

It was indeed very considerate to raise a daughter. However, sometimes, Deputy Director Wei envied the way foreigners got along with each other. Foreign parents could still enjoy the treatment of having their children touch or kiss their faces even if their children had already grown up. This was obviously contrary to Chinese tradition.

Come to think of it, it was all thanks to Xia ruofei? Deputy Chief Wei couldn’t help but say in his heart.

“Dad! Thank you for everything you’ve done for me!” Wei Xue said, her eyes wide.

Deputy Director Wei recovered from his momentary daze and said,””Actually, I didn’t do anything. President Xia heard that my daughter was his fan, so he took the initiative to give this gift. Even the words on the card were written by him. I really didn’t say anything!”

Wei Xue nodded her head in agreement and said,”President Xia is such a person, he treats his fans very well! Otherwise, we wouldn’t have supported and liked him so unconditionally!”

Deputy Director Wei thought about the short one to two hours he had spent with Xia ruofei. He made a comparison in his heart and felt that this young rich man was quite likable. At least he did not have the domineering attitude of a rich and powerful person. He was very easy – going.

There was no doubt that Xia ruofei was rich. Everyone in the country knew that.

As for the time when the power and power built the light of Taihu territory – it wasn’t something that could be used just because you had money. There were so many universities and research institutes in the country – and many projects were waiting to use supercomputers! As the leader of the new Wu State Supercomputing Center, Deputy Director Wei knew how popular this supercomputer was.

Deputy Director Wei’s thoughts wandered for a moment before he came back to his senses. He said,”President Xia is indeed a good person. He’s an inspirational role model for young people. I don’t object to liking a celebrity like him, but I’ll still say the same thing. You can’t affect your studies. You can’t be like those brainless fans on the internet and do irrational things. Do you understand?”

Wei Xue looked at Xia ruofei’s personally signed card with joy and said without even lifting her head,”I know! Dad! I’ve told you many times that President Xia’s fans are rational fans of their idol. We’ve never done anything stupid. Look at the fans in new Wu city today, they’re just quietly standing far away from the park. Everyone simply wants to be closer to their idol and doesn’t want to disturb him. ”

Deputy Director Wei nodded and said,””That’s right! But you’ve already received a gift from President Xia, so don’t go to the park anymore, understand? And I just said that President Xia won’t leave the Supercomputing Center until tomorrow. You’ll be waiting in vain if you go!”

Wei Xue actually wanted to go over. Even if she couldn’t see Xia ruofei, she could at least be closer to him.

However, since Deputy Director Wei had given her such a big surprise today, she couldn’t disobey him anymore. She could only pout and say,””Okay ... I know ...”

“You’re an adult now, you have to keep your word!” Deputy Chief Wei said sternly,”dad still has to go back to work and can’t watch over you all the time. But you have to be responsible for your promise, understand?”

“Dad!” Wei Xue looked up and said. Aren’t you underestimating me too much? Since I’ve promised you, I’ll definitely fulfill my promise! Don’t worry! I won’t go out today, I’ll just stay at home ...”

At this point, Wei Xue looked at the card in her hand and said happily, “There’s a personal message from President Xia. I can read it for a day!”

Deputy Director Wei did not know whether to laugh or cry. However, as long as his daughter promised not to go out, he would be able to worry less. Moreover, if Wei Xue stayed at home, even if she stared at the message card all day, at least she would not affect others! As long as it didn’t last long, it would affect his studies.

“I’ll remember your words!” Deputy Director Wei said,”be good and stay at home. I’m going back to the unit!”

Wei Xue raised her head and asked,”I’m so envious of you, dad!” You’ll be able to see President Xia again soon ...”

Deputy Director Wei did not know whether to laugh or cry. “I’m going to work! It’s not like I’m going to chase a star! Alright, I should go ...”

“Alright!” Wei Xue nodded.

Just as Deputy Director Wei was walking towards the door of his house, Wei Xue suddenly called out,”Dad, wait!”

Deputy Chief Wei stopped in his tracks and turned around to ask,””Little great aunt, what’s the matter now? I’m very busy with work, okay? I don’t have time to waste here ...” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Academician Wang was at the Supercomputing Center today. As a member of the Supercomputing Center, it wasn’t good for Deputy Director Wei to leave his post for a long time.

Wei Xue said in a sweet tone,”my dear father!” Can you do me another favor ...”

Deputy Director Wei suddenly felt goosebumps all over his body. He said,””What’s the matter? Speak properly! Let’s make it clear! I won’t agree to any unreasonable requests!”