Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

3177 An inspirational idol (2)

“Absolutely reasonable!” Wei Xue quickly said,”it’s just a small matter for you! I’ll definitely be of help!”

“Then hurry up and tell me!” Deputy Director Wei said impatiently.

Wei Xue quickly said,”that’s right ... We fans have prepared a love lunch box for President Xia, but we can’t enter the park, right?” So ... Can I ask my dearest dad to help me bring the lunchbox to President Xia? Please, please ...”

Wei Xue pulled on Deputy Director Wei’s sleeve as she spoke, looking pitiful.

Deputy Director Wei did not know whether to laugh or cry.”What the hell is this ... You’re treating your dad like a delivery man!”

“Dad! You’re the best to me ...”Wei Xue continued to act coquettishly,” just help me!” Everyone used the healthiest ingredients and carefully cooked it. It’s a lunchbox that has gathered the love of new Wu fans. Please help us bring it to President Xia ...”

Deputy Director Wei had no choice but to say,”Alright, alright! But I’ll make it clear first, I can help you bring it to director Xia. As for whether director Xia accepts it or eats it, I’m not responsible!”

Wei Xue was instantly overjoyed,”no problem!” No problem! You just need to help bring it in and hand it to President Xia personally! But ... You must say that this is a token of appreciation from the fans in new Wu city!”

“I know!” Deputy Chief Wei said,”you’ve been talking for so long. Where do you think you are?”

“He’s at the entrance of the park where his companions are!” Wei Xue quickly said,”why don’t ... You drive me there again?”

“You still want to go out?” Deputy Director Wei asked directly. What did you promise me just now? Wasn’t it just taking a lunchbox? Just contact them. When I ride past the entrance of the park, I’ll get it from them. You don’t have to go!”

Wei Xue was only giving it a try. She did not have much hope that her father would allow her to go to the entrance of the park again, so she was not too disappointed.

She smiled and said,”that’s fine!” I’ll contact them now! You can just go and get it directly!”

“En!” Deputy Director Wei said,”you’re fine now, right? Can I go now?”

“Farewell, father!” Wei Xue exclaimed exaggeratedly.

“You little girl ...” Deputy Chief Wei stretched out his finger and dotingly tapped Wei Xue’s forehead.

Deputy Director Wei hurried out, got on his electric bike, and rushed to the park where the Supercomputing Center was located.

From afar, he could see the group of Xia ruofei’s fans standing in the shade opposite the entrance of the park. There was no noise, no shouting, just standing there quietly.

When Deputy Director Wei rode his electric bike to the group of children, a girl in a white T – Shirt and jeans, who looked very clean and refreshing, immediately stood up and said,””Uncle Wei! Xiaoxue told us! Thank you very much for being willing to help!”

The others also expressed their gratitude to Deputy Director Wei.

Deputy Director Wei looked at this group of children who were about the same age as his daughter. They didn’t give off the craziness of fangirls. Instead, they gave him a sense of neatness, freshness, and upbringing.

“You’re welcome, it’s just a matter of convenience!”Deputy Director Wei said with a smile.

The girl in the White T – Shirt said,”it’s nothing to you, uncle, but it’s a big deal to us fans!” Uncle Wei, please convey our greetings to President Xia! Thank you!”

After she finished speaking, the girl took an exquisite light blue lunchbox from her companion and handed it to Deputy Director Wei.

Deputy Director Wei took the lunchbox and realized that it was still warm. Obviously, the vermicelli had been kept warm.

“Don’t worry,”he said. I’ll definitely bring it!”

After he finished speaking, Deputy Director Wei put the lunchbox into the basket in front of the electric bike.

He thought for a moment and said,”kids, I’d like to give you a piece of advice. Don’t stay here. As far as I know, President Xia will be in the supercomputer Center all night. He won’t come out.”

“Uncle Wei, Xiaoxue has already told us,” the girl in the White T – Shirt said with a smile. Don’t worry! We’ll be leaving soon, so you should get back to work! Don’t mind us. ”

Deputy Director Wei was helpless. He had already persuaded them, so there was nothing he could do if these children wanted to stay by his side.

So, he waved at Xia ruofei’s fans and rode his electric bike into the park, heading for the Supercomputing Center.

When he returned to the unit, Deputy Director Wei held the lunchbox in his hand and walked into the lobby to ask the security guard,””Where are director Zhong and the visiting guests?”

“Director Wei, they just returned to the reception room!” The security guard quickly said.

Deputy Department Director Wei nodded and walked toward the stairs.

There was a well – decorated reception room on the second floor of the supercomputer Center. This unit received many visitors every year, including some leaders of a certain level, so it was necessary to have a reception room.

After Xia ruofei looked around, he was led to the reception room by director Zhong for tea and rest.

Deputy Director Wei walked into the reception room and saw director Zhong in the general office chatting with Xia ruofei and the other two.

Director Zhong quickly stood up when he saw the leader.

“You’ve worked hard, director Zhong,”said Deputy Director Wei. I’ll receive President Xia and the others! You can go back to your work. ”

“Okay, okay, director Wei!” Director Zhong said quickly, and then said to Xia ruofei,”Mr. Xia, I’ll take my leave first!”

“Sorry to trouble you, director Zhong!” Xia ruofei smiled and nodded.

“You’re too polite! You’re too polite!” Director Zhong said.

After director Zhong left, Deputy Director Wei said with a smile,”President Xia, look what I brought you.”

Xia ruofei and the other two had already noticed the lunchbox in Deputy Director Wei’s hands. Ling Qingxue could not help but ask,””Director Wei, could this be the food your daughter made for RUO Fei?”

“To be exact, it was done by President Xia’s fans in new Wu city,” Deputy Director Wei said with a smile.”Of course, my daughter also contributed.”

Then, Deputy Chief Wei explained,””After CEO Xia posted that Weibo, some of his fans in new Wu city prepared this love bento. They’re even waiting at the entrance of our park now! Snowy knows that President Xia is visiting our unit, so she begged me to bring her fans ‘wishes to you ... Haha! I’m taking advantage of my position to settle some personal matters!”

Xia ruofei was also surprised. He said,””The fans have all gathered at the entrance of the park? I only posted that on Weibo two hours ago! They moved so quickly? And ... He even prepared a lunchbox!”

“New Wu city is relatively small ...” Deputy Director Wei laughed and said,”but this group of children is not bad. They just stood quietly under the shade of the tree across the road. They did not make any noise or try to sneak in. Speaking of which ... The overall quality of President Xia’s fans is quite high!”

Xia ruofei smiled and scratched his head.””Actually, I’m not a celebrity at all ...”

“Why aren’t you a celebrity? I think you’re much better than those young hunks!” Ling Qingxue was the first to retort. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Miss Ling is right!” Deputy Director Wei immediately expressed his support.”Nowadays, some young male idols have no works and no acting skills. They rely on creating scandals, buying fans, buying Hot Searches, and then mingling in some variety shows. In comparison, an inspirational idol like President Xia should be more sought after!”

Xia ruofei was a little embarrassed by Deputy Director Wei’s praise. He even suspected that Deputy Director Wei had been brainwashed by his daughter ...

Deputy Director Wei said,”director Xia, how do you think we should deal with this kindness?” I’ve told them that I’m only responsible for passing it to them. As for whether you accept it or eat it, I’m not responsible for it, haha ...”

“Of course I can’t reject the kind intentions of the fans!” Ling Qingxue immediately decided on Xia ruofei’s behalf.”Director Wei, I’ll accept it on behalf of Xia ruofei!” We’ll make sure he eats all the lunchboxes made by the fans, not leaving a single one behind!”

...