Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

3178 The arrangement (1)

Xia ruofei didn’t know whether to laugh or cry as he watched Ling Qingxue receive the lunchbox in her hands. He said,””It’s been arranged just like that?”

“It’s a request from a fan, so I have to make arrangements!” Ling Qingxue said with a smile.

Song Wei also chimed in,”not only do we have to make arrangements, we have to make sure everything is properly arranged!” When you’re eating your lunchbox later, make sure you get into a good position! I’ll take a few photos of you as a response to the fans!”

Deputy Director Wei could naturally tell that these two girls had a special relationship with Xia ruofei, so he laughed and entered his drama – watching mode. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Xia ruofei accepted her advice. He did not mind not eating for a few days, and it was easy for him to eat more. Besides, the bento box was not a lot, and he could not let down the fans ‘kind intentions.

“Then I’ll eat it?” he said with a smile.

“Eat! You’re not allowed to leave anything behind!” Ling Qingxue pretended to be serious as she shoved the lunchbox into Xia ruofei’s hands.

There was a coffee table next to each sofa in the reception room, and the armrests of the sofas were very wide wooden armrests. There was no problem with a lunchbox.

After Xia ruofei sat down, he placed the lunchbox on the coffee table and opened it.

It had to be said that the fans had put in a lot of thought.

The lunchbox was divided into three layers. The first layer was the fragrant chicken soup. Judging from the fans ‘quick reaction time, the chicken soup was probably bought from outside and prepared at home before being brought over. It couldn’t have been so fast.

The second floor was divided into three compartments, and they were all filled with “hard dishes”. Braised prawns, ribs in sauce, and braised beef shank filled the entire floor.

The third layer was filled with steaming hot rice, and the fans even carefully arranged peas and carrots in a heart shape in the middle.

In addition, there was also a set of exquisite stainless steel tableware, chopsticks, and spoons. In addition, the fans had also put a few disposable gloves. It could be said that they were well prepared and the details were very thoughtful.

Xia ruofei picked up his chopsticks and was about to start eating when Song Wei called out,””Wait, it’s such a beautiful lunchbox. Let me take a picture first!”

Ling Qingxue also said,”give that heart a big close – up!” How loving ...”

Xia ruofei didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. He moved aside and allowed Song Wei to take a few photos of the opened lunchbox. Then, he asked,”Can I start now?”

Song Wei held her phone in her hand and laughed,”Of course, please start your performance!”

It was the first time Xia ruofei ate in front of so many people, especially Song Wei and Ling Qingxue, who were ready to take photos with their phones. He felt weird.

Deputy Director Wei also found it funny. He noticed Xia ruofei’s unnaturalness and quickly said,””President Xia, I suddenly remembered that I have something to do. I’ll be back soon!”

Originally, Xia ruofei felt that it would be more awkward with Deputy Director Wei around, so he immediately said,””Director Wei, if you have something to do, then go ahead! We’ll rest here for a while and not run around!”

“Hehe! “You’re being too serious, too serious ...” Deputy Director Wei said.”President Xia, you can visit anywhere you want.”

Even though the Supercomputing Center was a secret unit, the number of visitors it received every year was still quite considerable. Plus, Xia ruofei was brought in by academician Wang, so what was wrong with looking around?

If it was really a particularly core place, such as the supercomputer room they had just seen, it would have strict security. Ordinary people could not even enter the door without the company of internal staff.

Therefore, Deputy Director Wei was not worried that Xia ruofei and the others would run around. He just wanted to resolve Xia ruofei’s awkwardness, so he had to leave at the last minute. He just wanted to find an office to smoke a cigarette and have some tea.

After Deputy Director Wei left, Xia ruofei really let go of his worries. He grabbed his chopsticks and started to Eat the Love – filled lunchbox, allowing Song Wei and Ling Qingxue to take all sorts of pictures.

In a short while, Xia ruofei had finished the entire bento like a tornado sweeping away the clouds. He even finished the chicken soup.

Song Wei even took a few more photos of the empty lunchbox. Xia ruofei could not help but say,””Wei Wei, your skills are more than enough to be a celebrity’s personal assistant!”

In recent years, after the rise of personal social media, many celebrities would often post some more down – to – Earth photos on their social accounts. The most common ones were various airport photos.

However, the so – called snapshot was probably still carefully planned, and it was all to serve the celebrity’s character.

Otherwise, how could they have taken photos of her with exquisite makeup and even professional light?

“Celebrities can’t afford to hire a personal assistant like me. So, you should be happy that I can serve you!” Song Wei laughed.

“That’s right, that’s right!” Xia ruofei smiled apologetically.”This is a blessing that I have accumulated in my previous life!”

“At least you know how to talk!” Song Wei said with a smile.

Then, Song Wei and Ling Qingxue got together to look at the photos they had just taken. They deleted some of the photos that were not taken well, picked some out, and began to edit the photos on their phones.

“What are you guys doing?” Xia ruofei asked, not knowing whether to laugh or cry.

Song Wei replied without even raising her head,”we have to provide a full set of services!” The so – called photos of celebrities are all carefully selected from hundreds of photos. I’m just using my phone to edit them a little so that you can post them on Weibo directly!”