Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

3182  The program runs (1)

    "Wei Xue! Quickly come over here!"

  "Wei Xue! I reserved a seat for you!"

  ……

  The fans all greeted Wei Xue one after another. It was obvious that this girl was quite popular.

  However, there was only Xia ruofei in Wei Xue's eyes now. She looked at Xia ruofei with shining eyes and a sweet smile on her face.

  Xia ruofei looked at Deputy Director Wei, who looked like he had nothing to live for, and said to Wei Xue,""You're called Wei Xue? Weren't you locked up at home by your dad?"

  "Eh? How did you know, President Xia?" Wei Xue was shocked.

  "Of course it was your dad who told me!" Xia ruofei laughed and said,"you suddenly came here. Someone must have informed you, right? Aren't you afraid that your dad will blame you?"

  "It was my dad who called me ..." Wei Xue said, then patted her head."Oh right, where's my dad ..." She said.

  Xia ruofei pouted angrily in Deputy Director Wei's direction. Wei Xue slowly turned her head and immediately saw her father's bitter face.

  Wei Xue revealed a fawning smile and said,""Hehe ... Dad!"

  "I'm standing right here, and you didn't notice me?"Deputy Director Wei said unhappily.

  "I ... I was just too excited!" Wei Xue said with her head lowered.

  "Let's take a photo together!"Xia ruofei laughed.

  Wu Peng, who was relatively calm, also quickly said,""Yes, yes, yes, let's take a group photo first! President Xia is here to do something, we can't take up too much of his time!"

  Hence, the fans regrouped and smiled at the camera.

  Wei Xue was the last to arrive, but she was able to sit beside Xia ruofei. She was so happy that she could not close her mouth.

  After the group photo was taken, Xia ruofei gave Wei Xue an autograph.

  Then, if someone wanted to take a picture with him alone, he would grant them all their requests. He felt like he was a prop, the people around him changed like a trotting horse lamp, and he only needed to smile.

  Of course, the fans still loved him, not just as a background for the group photo.

  After being busy for half an hour, the sensible fans took the initiative to let Xia ruofei go back to work.

  Before Xia ruofei got on the car, he also reminded everyone to put more effort into their studies and not be distracted by chasing after celebrities. In addition, he also asked everyone to disperse and not gather at the entrance of the park. It was a waste of time.

  Although Xia ruofei had never thought of himself as an idol, he felt that it was his responsibility to guide them in the right direction since these children liked him. No matter if it was useful or not, or how useful it was, at least he had to fulfill his responsibility.

  Xia ruofei didn't expect that his fans would take his words seriously.

  After Xin Wu's fans went back, they organized and posted the meeting with Xia ruofei, as well as a large number of photos, group photos, and short videos, to the fan group, forum, and Tieba, especially Xia ruofei's instructions. Some people also took videos and posted them.

  Xia ruofei's fans had even set up a study group on Tieba. They checked their progress every day and monitored each other.

  The fans in new Wu city often had offline exchange and study sessions to improve their results.

  Of course, this was all a story for later.

  When Xia ruofei and Deputy Director Wei returned to the Supercomputing Center, Song Wei and Ling Qingxue had already fixed the pictures. They carefully selected nine and sent them to Xia ruofei.

  The nine photos were of Xia ruofei opening the lunchbox, looking clean after eating, and most of them were photos of Xia ruofei eating heartily from various angles.

  Song Wei and Ling Qingxue's photography skills were not bad. The composition and lighting were good. One look and you would have an appetite. The picture told you that the food was delicious. Otherwise, how could you eat like this?

  Of course, it could also be that he had fixed the map well.

  After Xia ruofei got the nine pictures, he immediately posted them on Weibo. The caption was simple: The love lunch boxes sent by the fans were so delicious that they couldn't stop eating!

  After posting on Weibo, Xia ruofei took a look at the Weibo posts of the people who had tagged him recently. As expected, they were all posts by the fans he had just met. There was even a person with the ID "little Xue 'er be good" and her profile picture was Wei Xue herself. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

  Xia ruofei did not know if this was the real Wei Xue's account, but it did not matter. He picked a few Weibo accounts that looked better in his photos, including Wei Xue's account, and reposted them. Then, he closed the Weibo app.

  This was because academician Wang Chi was also in the lounge.

  Xia ruofei stood up and greeted him. He smiled and asked,""Academician Wang, are you done with your business?"

  Wang Chi chuckled and said,"it should be almost done!" I mainly wanted to discuss a few academic problems with everyone. I can't explain it by email, so I decided to come here myself!"

  Xia ruofei knew that communication was so advanced now. Even if he couldn't explain it through email, he could make a video call in minutes. The reason why Wang Chi went in person was probably to help him adjust the time.

  Xia ruofei was very grateful to Wang Chi. No matter if the process of unlocking the token went smoothly, he would definitely want to repay Wang Chi at the right time.

  Cai linsong, the director of the Supercomputing Center, who was beside Wang Chi, quickly said,""Academician Wang, we have some academic problems that we need your guidance on. We can't say that we're discussing ..."