Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

3200 A wonderful journey (1)

Xia ruofei felt as if his soul had left his body. He could not control his consciousness at all.

A moment ago, he was still in the Music Hall, but when the music started, the scene in front of him changed like the stars.

Xia ruofei felt like he was flying at high speed.

Of course, his consciousness wasn’t completely sealed. He felt like he was a weightless consciousness form. Under the effect of a suction force, he couldn’t help but fly upwards.

He could even feel that the earth was moving away quickly, and the White clouds that drifted past him at a high speed were actually him moving towards the White clouds.

In the blink of an eye, Xia ruofei felt as if he had passed through the atmosphere and entered the dark space.

He instinctively felt a little scared, but he did not feel any suffocation or discomfort. Only then did he realize that he had not left earth with his physical body at all. How could he feel anything?

Xia ruofei looked down and could already see the huge curved outline of earth.

This was his first time looking back at the home of mankind from a first – person perspective. The spectacular view was indeed very shocking.

However, Xia ruofei quickly recovered from the shock because he realized that his consciousness was still moving forward at a rapid pace with no intention of stopping.

As the distance between them increased, Xia ruofei could see the entire earth behind him. The Blue Planet was like a sapphire embedded in the dark Universe, so dazzling.

Xia ruofei could feel that he was traveling at an extremely fast speed in space. He was surrounded by absolute darkness and hundreds of millions of years of loneliness. The only light of hope came from earth behind him, but it was getting further and further away.

Even though Xia ruofei’s mental strength had long surpassed that of ordinary people and he was already a cultivator in the Golden core stage, he still felt a trace of fear from the bottom of his heart in such an environment.

He didn’t know where he would go, and in front of him was absolute darkness, with no end ...

Xia ruofei did not know how long he had been flying for when he saw a familiar celestial body in front of him.

He was slightly stunned. Wasn’t this the moon?

In such a short time, they had already arrived near the moon? Xia ruofei was dumbfounded.

His flying speed did not slow down as he quickly approached the small planet.

Looking at the familiar craters and the mottled craters on the planet’s surface, and looking back to confirm Earth’s position, Xia ruofei could basically confirm that this was indeed the moon that hung in the sky every night ...

As they neared the moon, Xia ruofei realized that he was slowing down. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Could the destination be the moon? Xia ruofei suddenly had a thought.

His consciousness swept past the surface of the moon and went to the back.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but feel excited. This was the legendary Dark Side of the Moon!

It was well known that due to the tidal lock, only one side of the moon was always facing the earth, while the other side was invisible from the earth. This was what people called the “back of the moon.”

There were many legends about the dark side of the moon. Some said that there was an alien base there used to monitor the people on earth; There were also rumors that there were people from the moon living on the dark side of the moon ... In short, there were all kinds of evil legends.

In fact, humans had also launched probes to check out the situation on the dark side of the moon. China’s Jade Rabbit had even landed on the dark side of the moon. From what they had detected, the dark side of the moon and the front side of the moon were similar. They were both extremely lonely. Not to mention the people on the moon, even unicellular organisms could not be found ...

But no matter what, Xia ruofei was still looking forward to seeing the dark side of the moon.

After arriving at the dark side of the moon, Xia ruofei’s altitude was getting lower and lower. However, his speed did not decrease by much.

As they got closer to the moon, Xia ruofei realized that the craters that looked like pockmarks on the pictures were actually huge.

His consciousness passed through the huge craters and finally landed on the back of a crater.

Then, Xia ruofei saw that in this barren Valley, there were eight bright spots that lit up in eight different directions. Each of them lit up three times in a different order and the speed was extremely fast. In a short time, the bright spots seemed to have connected into one.

Xia ruofei still subconsciously memorized the positions and order of these bright spots.

After the eight bright spots lit up three times, under the thick dust that seemed to have been silent for thousands of years, a gourd – like pottery slowly rose up.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but be dumbfounded. This gourd – shaped pottery was obviously an artificial item! Why did it appear on the dark side of the moon? And what were those eight bright spots?

The scene in front of him seemed to have subverted Xia ruofei’s understanding.

Before he could recover from his shock, the gourd – shaped pottery made a melodious sound.

Xia ruofei felt that the music was familiar, but he could not react in time.

As the music played, a screen slowly appeared in the area surrounded by the eight bright spots.

It was like a gate of time and space. Xia ruofei could even see a world full of green mountains and rivers behind the light screen. A similar tune was coming from the world behind the light screen, echoing the music played by the gourd – shaped pottery.