Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

3203 Expanding the range (2)

Actually, Xia ruofei could more or less guess Chen Xuan’s intention. However, he would not say such things out loud. If he let Chen Xuan say it, at least he would be able to gain a favor.

“My suggestion is to expand the scope of the selection and let more cultivators listen to this song. We’ll see who can react to the song and who can’t enter the scene like senior mu and senior Liu.” We can only carry out further analysis after we obtain more data. ”

Mu Sheng said,”I think it’s possible!” However, the members must be chosen from our few powers, and they must be absolutely reliable. ”

Liu Mansha also nodded and said,”this point is very important. In addition, I would like to add that we should try to distinguish the levels. Among the participants, there should be Qi condensation and golden core cultivators. It would be best if there were intermediate golden core cultivators and above. This way, the test results will be more accurate.”

Liu Mansha turned to look at Chen Xuan after she finished speaking.

The reason was very simple. Both the surging waves sect and the soaring Flower Valley only had one intermediate stage golden core cultivator, and that was Liu Mansha and Mu Sheng. Therefore, it was impossible for them to send another intermediate stage golden core cultivator.

As for Xia ruofei, strictly speaking, he did not have his own power. Even the star Seizer sect only had one golden core cultivator, Luo Qingfeng, and he was only in the early stage of the Golden core.

Therefore, Liu Mansha could only rely on Chen Xuan and the first heaven society to add on to her opinion.

Chen Xuan’s father, the sect leader of the first heaven sect, Chen Nanfeng, was a late – Stage golden core cultivator. The first heaven sect also had two mid – Stage golden core elders. Now, only the first heaven sect could send out a high – end combat force above the middle stage of the gold core realm.

Naturally, Chen Xuan was more than happy to have all the experts of the sect listen to this song. Thus, he naturally had no objections.

Moreover, he couldn’t show it, so he said with a little reservation,””I agree. If necessary, the first heaven society is willing to send two elders of the middle gold core realm. Even my father can come to test.”

Chen Xuan turned to look at Xia ruofei.

In fact, it was a little unfair to Xia ruofei to expand the scope of his knowledge. The first heaven society, the Cang lang society, and the soaring Flower Valley could all pick enough candidates, but it was not very possible for Xia ruofei.

However, the token was given by everyone. According to the current statement, Xia ruofei had 20% of the shares.

The more people there were, the more disadvantageous it would be for Xia ruofei.

Hence, not only Chen Xuan, even Mu Sheng and Liu Mansha looked at Xia ruofei.

Xia ruofei knew what everyone was worried about. He smiled and said,””I have no opinion. As for how many people each force will send, we can discuss it together. I don’t think there are many people on my side. At most, sect leader Luo will bring one more disciple, two people!”

Chen Xuan, Mu Sheng, and Liu Mansha heaved a sigh of relief.

In the end, after a discussion, each family sent out five people. Of course, Xia ruofei’s side only sent two people.

Everyone had their own considerations as to why they decided on five people.

The first heaven society was going to send two mid – Stage golden core cultivators, and Chen Nanfeng would also come personally. This would use up three spots, and the remaining two spots were already the minimum allocation, because the first heaven society would definitely send an early golden core cultivator and a Qi refining cultivator.

As for the surging waves sect and soaring Flower Valley, they didn’t have any more mid – Stage golden core cultivators, so they would at least send one early – Stage golden core cultivator, maybe two or three at most, and the remaining spots were naturally for Qi condensation cultivators.

In any case, since the first heaven sect had sent out five, then the surging waves sect and soaring Flower Valley naturally couldn’t suffer a loss.

Xia ruofei did not have any objections. Hence, Chen Xuan and the other two immediately contacted the sect and asked them to come to the capital as soon as possible.

They had chosen Xia ruofei’s courtyard house for the next stage of the test out of consideration for balance and to put Xia ruofei at ease.

Mu Sheng and Liu Mansha were the leaders of their respective sects, so they could make their own decisions. After weighing the pros and cons, they would decide on the candidates and directly inform their sects, so that the selected people could rush over as soon as possible.

Chen Xuan couldn’t make the final decision. He still had to report to his father, Chen Nanfeng.

After hearing Chen Xuan’s report, Chen Nanfeng did not raise any objections. Even when he personally made a trip to the capital, he agreed without any hesitation.

After deciding on the candidates, the next step was to wait for everyone to arrive.

Including the people from the star Seizer sect, there were a total of 17 people coming. Xia ruofei had also asked Wu Qiang to organize people to clean up the guest rooms in the front and middle courtyards in advance to prepare for the reception.

Fortunately, the liuhai Lane courtyard house was large enough for 17 people to live in.

Everyone’s distance varied, but cultivators traveled very quickly at full speed, so everyone basically had to wait for two days at the latest.

Besides, they wouldn’t just sit around and do nothing for the next two days. Xia ruofei, Chen Xuan, Ling Qingxue, Yu xiner, and mu Jianfei had already experienced the wonderful scene. Therefore, everyone mainly sat down and discussed these two days, hoping to find the key information.

Mu Sheng and Liu Mansha also joined in the discussion.

Although they had not experienced the scene before, they could obtain a lot of information from everyone’s description. Moreover, they had rich cultivation experience, which would be of great help in solving the secret of the token.

Two days passed by in a flash.

Two days later, the people sent by the three sects had all arrived.

On the star Seizer sect’s side, after Luo Qingfeng received Xia ruofei’s notice, he immediately brought his Qi refining disciple, Wang Shan, and flew over on his flying sword.

As he had been flying with Royal Mountain, Luo Qingfeng was also exhausted.

However, he had also successfully arrived at the liuhai Lane courtyard house a day earlier.

After they arrived, Qingfeng Luo basically took on the role of half a host and took charge of the reception with King Mount.

This saved Xia ruofei a lot of trouble.

After all, these were the elites of the cultivation world. It would be inconvenient for Wu Qiang to receive them. With Luo Qingfeng’s identity and status, it was quite appropriate for him to personally receive them. Even Chen Nanfeng would not feel that he was being neglected.

In fact, Chen Nanfeng had also arrived in Beijing on the first day.

However, he was the first to arrive on his flying sword. The other two mid – Aurous core stage elders and one early – Aurous core stage elder, along with a Qi condensation cultivator, fell behind.

After Chen Nanfeng arrived at the courtyard house in the capital, he had a long conversation with Xia ruofei.

This time, Xia ruofei did not feel the invisible pressure. On the contrary, he could feel the kindness from Chen Nanfeng.

Of course, Xia ruofei did not let his guard down. After all, Chen Nanfeng was one of the few people in the cultivation world who could pose a huge threat to Xia ruofei. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Just like before, Xia ruofei tried his best to let Song Wei and Ling Qingxue stay with him. This way, if anything were to happen, he would be able to bring the two of them into the spirit map space for protection.

Chen Nanfeng, Mu Sheng, and Liu Mansha were all old acquaintances, so he was not bored. He made tea and chatted with his old friends in Xia ruofei’s courtyard house.

Before everyone arrived, Chen Nanfeng did not mention that he wanted to listen to the song in advance. He showed a lot of patience.

The next day, after everyone had arrived, Xia ruofei brought everyone to the underground studio.

Other than the sect leader, Chen Nanfeng, who was a late – Stage golden core cultivator, there were two mid – Stage golden core elders named Shen tianfang and han guangdi. The other early – Stage golden core elder was named Wang Fan, and the last female disciple was Xu yurou, who was in the Qi refining stage.

On the surging waves sect’s side, there were two early – Stage golden core elders, mu Hua and mu Shan. Elder mu Hua had also participated in the auction previously and had met Xia ruofei once. The other three were Qi condensation disciples, two men and one woman. Their names were mu jianran, mu Jianbin, and mu Jianping. They should be the outstanding talents of the younger generation in the Canglang sect.

...

On the side of the soaring Flower Valley, there was only one early golden core elder. She was Yang Liu, who had also participated in the last auction and had a chance encounter with Xia ruofei. The remaining four were Qi refining disciples. They were Li Wan, Guo Ke, Liu Minmin, and Gao Xiaolan. They were all female disciples.

In fact, the entire flying flower Valley was made up of females, so it could be said to be a forbidden area for male cultivators.

Xia ruofei smiled and looked around. Then, he said,””Seniors, fellow Daoists, thank you for coming to the capital at the first opportunity. I will play a song next. Please listen to it carefully. Please tell me your feelings after listening to it. Thank you!”