Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

3206 Time is tight (1) Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Xia ruofei had already learned from master Yuntai that one of the mysterious characteristics of the rising Dragon Token was that it would disappear mysteriously every three hundred years or so, and then reappear in every corner of the cultivation world after fifty years or so.

These three hundred years or so were not a clear time. Sometimes, the token would disappear after three hundred years, and sometimes it would be slightly longer.

Xia ruofei could judge that the token had been in the spirit map space for at least three hundred years based on the age of the previous owner, immortal mountain river. In other words, according to the rules of the past, the token could disappear at any time. Hence, when he knew about this characteristic, he had always felt a sense of urgency.

This was the main reason why Xia ruofei was willing to take the risk and reveal that he had the last token. He was also actively pushing for the secret research of the token.

Xia ruofei knew that the token would disappear mysteriously sooner or later. This day could come at any time.

However, they didn’t expect that just as they had a little progress in their research on the token, it really disappeared.

Thinking of this, Xia ruofei could not help but feel a little scared.

If he didn’t work hard to push the research of the token, the next time the token would appear would be 50 years later. For a young man in his 20s, 50 years was a long time.

Xia ruofei knew about this special characteristic of the rising Dragon Token, but the other cultivators, including the late – Stage golden core Chen Nanfeng, had no idea.

Therefore, everyone seemed to be in a panic.

Chen Nanfeng frowned and said,”how could this happen?” Everyone’s tokens are stored in their storage space, so who would have such a heaven – defying method to steal the token without anyone knowing?”

Xia ruofei thought to himself,”luckily, after scanning the high – definition image of the floating point pattern, everyone separated the token and kept it separately. If it was still in one state and kept by one person, it would be impossible to wash away the secret of Qianqian’s research on the token. Everyone secretly regarded Xia ruofei as the main person. So if it was kept by one person, it would probably be Xia ruofei.”

Mu Sheng and Liu Mansha didn’t have any clue either. They were the ones who had personally taken care of the token, so they lost it for no reason. If it had been stolen or snatched away, at least there would be a target. But now, there was no clue at all.

Xia ruofei thought for a while and said,”seniors, my master once told me that this token would disappear mysteriously every 300 years or so. No matter if it was placed in a storage treasure, a heavily guarded treasure vault, or even a forbidden area, the result would be the same. It would disappear into thin air as if it had never appeared here. So ... I think this might be the situation this time ...”

Chen Nanfeng’s expression couldn’t help but change as he quickly asked,””Fellow Daoist Xia, did your master also give you that token?”

Xia ruofei nodded and said,”that’s right. Master told me this when he passed me the token.” Therefore, I think that the disappearance of the token this time is not due to the theft of an expert, but rather the time for the token to automatically disappear. ”

Xia ruofei didn’t have a master. He didn’t mention much about this master on purpose to create a sense of mystery.

Chen Nanfeng had already guessed that Xia ruofei’s master was the primordial soul Stage elder of the star Seizer sect. Hence, he did not have any suspicions at all. Instead, he paid great attention to this new piece of information.

In Chen Nanfeng’s opinion, it was a little unreasonable for Xia ruofei to take out the token and actively study it. But now, it seemed to make sense.

“If that’s the case, it’s all thanks to little brother Xia this time!” Mu Sheng said.

Liu Mansha also regained her senses. She looked deeply at Xia ruofei and said,””Yup! Now that we’ve grasped the most crucial information about the token, even if it disappears, we can still continue to explore. Fellow Daoist Xia’s contribution can’t be overlooked for being able to make such important progress in such a short time!”

Chen Nanfeng also let out a sigh of relief. He smiled and said,””Indeed! Although the medallion is gone, we can still continue our research on it. If it wasn’t for fellow Daoist Xia, we might not have made any progress until the medallion disappeared, and all our efforts over the past few decades would have been in vain!”

Xia ruofei replied humbly,”seniors, I dare not claim credit for it!” This was the result of everyone’s hard work. By the way, my master also told me that after the token disappeared, it will appear in every corner of the cultivation world about fifty years later. In the end, everyone will still be able to collect it. ”

“Oh? There’s such a thing?” This was the first time Chen Nanfeng had heard of such a thing, and his interest was piqued.

“Yes.” Xia ruofei nodded and said,”master also said that the new token will look the same after combining, but the floating point patterns are different each time ...”

Chen Nanfeng and the others looked at each other in shock.

First of all, for Xia ruofei’s master to know such important information, there was a high probability that he had experienced the appearance and disappearance of the token several times. This mysterious master must have lived for at least six to seven hundred years, or even longer. This way, the identity of Xia ruofei’s “master” seemed to be closer to that of the primordial soul Stage master that Chen Nanfeng had guessed.