Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

3259 Space experience (2)

Xia ruofei and Chen Xuan were both Aurous core stage cultivators. If there was a problem with the oxygen content in the spaceship or if there were any other dangers, their survival rate would be much higher than that of Qi refinement stage cultivators.

Xia ruofei and the other two followed the procedure and took off their spacesuits.

They tried to take a few breaths. The feeling was not much different from that on the ground. It was just that they felt a little uncomfortable in the weightless state. However, the internal environment of the spaceship was definitely not a problem. Even if an ordinary person from the secular world appeared on the spaceship at this moment, they would still be able to survive well.

Hence, Xia ruofei gestured to Ling Qingxue and Yu xiner.

The two of them couldn’t wait to take off their Eva suits.

There was already air in the cabin, so everyone could communicate directly.

Xia ruofei said,”initially, in order to ensure that in the event of danger, everyone could change into their spacesuits and escape the spacecraft quickly. All of their spacesuits were designed to be left in this cabin. However, everyone has their own storage artifacts. So, it’s better for everyone to keep their spacesuits. This way, there will be more space in this cabin!”

Everyone nodded and put their spacesuits into their storage artifacts.

After that, Xia ruofei brought everyone around the spaceship.

These cultivators were still somewhat unaccustomed to the zero – Gravity environment. They always felt that the ground beneath their feet was light, and they no longer had the concept of up and down. Therefore, they stumbled as they moved forward. Fortunately, when the spaceship was designed, soft bags had been used in some of the easily – bumped areas, so the protection was still quite good.

Xia ruofei and the rest strolled around and realized that the expanded cabins were not very big, but their design was very reasonable. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

For example, there were two resting quarters, so that men and women could be separated. Of course, the so – called resting quarters were actually sleeping bags fixed on the wall. Because they were in a weightless state in space, there was no distinction between up and down, so everyone felt the same standing or lying down.

The Flying Ship also had a special area for bathing and using the toilet.

In addition, as they did not need to carry a large amount of living supplies or undertake in – Orbit scientific experiments, they naturally did not need to carry experimental equipment, which saved a lot of space in the cabin. Xia ruofei did a simple estimate. Even if there were a few more people, it would still be more spacious.

Of course, this was all relative. If compared to the ground, the interior of the spaceship would definitely be cramped.

Everyone followed the operation manual of the spaceship and practiced some basic operation procedures a few times. This was also the most basic requirement. In a one – or two – month long voyage, any situation could happen. Naturally, everyone needed to be able to perform the basic operation of the spaceship independently.

Fortunately, they were all cultivators, and this operation was not particularly difficult. The main test was still memory, so everyone mastered it very quickly.

Xia ruofei and the rest stayed in the spaceship for about half an hour before they put on their spacesuits and returned to the orbit chamber.

Xia ruofei locked the door to the return cabin and used his spiritual power to operate the buttons on the spaceship to depressurize the cabin.

Following that, the cabin door was opened, and everyone left the spaceship in a single file, returning to the black Phoenix flying ship.

Xia ruofei didn’t keep the Flying Ship immediately. Instead, he started to set up an array on the surface of the Flying Ship.

The main thing was the simple shielding formation. To Xia ruofei, the formation itself was not difficult. The real difficulty was that he had to prepare the materials for the formation in advance and fix them on the surface of the spaceship. These materials had to be able to adapt to relatively harsh environments.

When Xia ruofei was in the United States, he had already asked Li Yifu to make preparations in advance.

The material he used was a type of nephrite. Although it was not very hard, it had the best ductility among all Jade materials. Even if the temperature changed greatly, it would not crack easily.

Xia ruofei placed the Jade talismans that he had drawn earlier on the surface of the spaceship. For the sake of the voyage operation, there were many grooves and handrails on the exterior of the Dragon Ship. Xia ruofei placed the talismans one by one according to the circumstances. After checking once, he returned to the interior of the ship.

The hatch of the spaceship was not closed yet. Xia ruofei entered the cabin skillfully, closed the hatch, and applied pressure.

Finally, he came to the cockpit. This was the control center of the spaceship. Xia ruofei had also arranged the core of the array here.

Although he was wearing a heavy EVA suit, Xia ruofei used his spiritual power to set up the array. Hence, it did not affect his speed. He set up the control core of the array with great familiarity, then embedded an origin crystal in it and left the spaceship.

The main function of this array was to shield the spaceship. This way, the monitoring equipment on earth, the satellites in orbit, space stations, and so on would not be able to detect the spaceship. Even with the naked eye, ordinary people would not be able to see it.

This way, the black Phoenix flying ship did not need to keep the barrier at its maximum setting. When the barrier was at its maximum setting, it would consume a lot of crystals. It would be fine if it was just a little bit of waste, but the round trip would take a month or two, and it would not be just a little crystal waste. Hence, Xia ruofei naturally had to make some improvements.

After directly setting up the shielding array on the Flying Ship, one origin crystal could be used for one or two months. This kind of consumption could basically be ignored.

In fact, spiritual crystals could be used in the shielding formation. However, Xia ruofei did not want to change spiritual crystals frequently, so he used origin crystals.

In this way, he only needed to control the opening and closing of the array. He basically didn’t need to worry about the energy depletion of the array during the entire voyage, which was almost free of maintenance.

After Xia ruofei left the Dragon God ship, he did not keep it immediately.

He also closed the cabin door and used his mental power to remotely control the cabin. He pressurized the cabin again and turned off the power of the spaceship. However, he didn’t retract the solar panels. The mountain and sea realm in the Xuanji spirit map was spacious enough, so there was no need to retract the solar panels to save space. They could be stored directly in the cabin. Moreover, collecting the solar panels frequently would increase the risk of failure, so keeping them open directly should be the most stable.

After doing all this, he kept the Dragon flying boat into the spirit map space and turned off the shielding array of the flying boat temporarily.

Xia ruofei returned to the black Phoenix flying ship and immediately reduced the range of the barrier. She then smiled and said to everyone,””Alright, everyone’s first space experience ends here! We should return! The second batch of passengers is waiting to board the ship!”

Everyone’s relaxed laughter could be heard in the channel.

To be honest, when they first boarded the black Phoenix flying ship, Ling Qingxue and Yu Xin ‘er, the two Qi condensation cultivators, were quite nervous. After all, space was filled with the unknown, and to them, fear was inevitable.

However, after about an hour of experience, the fear had weakened a lot, and they were more confident.

Xia ruofei steered the black Phoenix flying ship and began to descend. After finding a suitable trajectory, he steered the Flying Ship in the direction of Huaxia’s capital city as he descended.

The speed of descent of the airboat was very stable. This was also thanks to Xia ruofei’s precise control. As the altitude dropped, Earth’s gravity began to take effect. If there was no control, the speed would definitely be faster and faster. However, under Xia ruofei’s control, the airboat could basically maintain a constant speed of descent. This made the ‘passengers’ more comfortable.

At an altitude of about 3000 meters, the airboat had arrived above the capital city of Huaxia through a precise descent trajectory.

Xia ruofei controlled the black Phoenix flying ship to hover in the air. Then, everyone changed out of their spacesuits. At this altitude, the oxygen content was sufficient. The temperature was also within an acceptable range for ordinary people. Naturally, they no longer needed the protection of spacesuits.

The spacesuits that everyone had changed out of were not kept. Instead, they were left on the deck of the black Phoenix flying ship. This was because the next batch of expedition members would be boarding the Flying Ship soon, and they would still need to use these spacesuits.

After changing, Xia ruofei controlled the flying boat to continue descending. It stopped a few meters above the courtyard in liuhai Lane.