Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

3261 Everything is in place (2)

This time, they stayed in orbit for about the same amount of time. Xia ruofei let everyone practice the basic control of the spaceship a few times and familiarized them with the various cabins of the spaceship. After rehearsing the process of entering and exiting the cabin, he brought everyone back to the surface.

Chen Nanfeng and the others even steered their flying swords to the side of the black Phoenix flying ship and inspected it carefully.

The final result made Chen Nanfeng and the others feel at ease. The black Phoenix flying ship had gone through two flight tests and had not suffered any damage at all. This fully demonstrated that the black Phoenix flying ship’s material was strong enough to withstand the harsh conditions in space.

As for the Dragon Ship, after Xia ruofei’s explanation, everyone was no longer worried about whether it could last long in space.

……

The next few days, everyone waited patiently.

Everyone used this time to familiarize themselves with the control Manual of the spaceship and the spacesuits. During this time, Xia ruofei even organized everyone to take the black Phoenix flying ship to the 400 – kilometer orbit and did two practical operations according to the grouping previously.

The learning ability of cultivators was very strong. With these few practical Operations practice and the constant use of time to study the operation manual, basically everyone had mastered the basic operation of the spacecraft and the use of the EVA spacesuits. They had also memorized some of the things to take note of in space.

This knowledge was likely to be useful in the process of going to the moon, and it might even save their lives. Therefore, everyone was very serious about learning.

Other than his daily studies, Xia ruofei also took time to go out.

The purpose of this trip was very simple. He wanted to send Song Wei away first. Moreover, he did not want Song Wei to return to school or her home at the three mountains. Instead, he wanted her to stay on Peach Blossom Island temporarily.

The mission to the moon would take at least one to two months. Xia ruofei and Ling Qingxue were on the expedition team list. Only Song Wei had to stay on earth because she did not pass the music selection.

Xia ruofei was still worried about Song Wei’s safety.

After all, Jindan stage seniors like Chen Nanfeng, Mu Sheng, and Liu Mansha had all stayed on earth.

As for what kind of opportunities there would be during the exploration, it was still unknown. Xia ruofei had to consider whether the forces that were still in their honeymoon period would turn hostile if the benefits were great enough. These possibilities existed. By then, Song Wei would become Xia ruofei’s weakest link. Hence, he had to make arrangements for Song Wei in advance.

The Paradise Island was undoubtedly the most secretive and safest place.

Initially, Xia ruofei wanted to build a communication system so that Song Wei could keep in touch with them even on the ground.

However, when he was in the United States, he had asked Elon Musk about heaven and earth communications, and he knew that it was very difficult to realize it. It required a huge measurement and control network and the support of countless communication equipment. Of course, Xia ruofei and the rest were still in low – Earth orbit. In theory, they could even hear the content they wanted to broadcast through a normal radio. However, as the spacecraft entered the earth – Moon orbit or even the moon, the signal would be very weak. They could only listen and not communicate, so it was not very meaningful.

Not to mention, this kind of one – way broadcast could theoretically be heard by everyone within the effective area, provided that they knew the frequency band of the communication. Therefore, there was no confidentiality to speak of. It could even cause a huge uproar if it was overheard by some fanatical fans. At the current stage, China did not have any manned space missions, so it would be quite scary if the voices of the Chinese suddenly came from space.

Hence, after Xia ruofei understood the difficulty of communicating with the heavens and earth, he gave up.

In this case, there was no need for Song Wei to stay in Beijing. Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

After knowing that Xia ruofei and the rest would lose contact with the ground during their journey to the moon, Song Wei was still worried because Xia ruofei had told her that he would keep in touch with her. However, after hearing Xia ruofei’s explanation, Song Wei expressed her understanding. After all, Xia ruofei would not increase his workload just for this matter.

Moreover, even if Xia ruofei wanted to work hard to complete it, it was basically impossible.

The Chinese astronauts were communicating with the ground from the Tiangong experiment module. It was the result of the joint efforts of countless control stations, including the control ships that had been sailing in the ocean. No matter how capable Xia ruofei was, it was impossible for him to build such a control network in such a short time.

Of course, the astronauts ‘sky – to – Earth communication was of very high quality. Not only was there sound, but there were also images. The synchronization of sound and image was also very good. Not only that, but the astronauts in the Tiangong experiment module could also see the images and hear the sounds on the ground. This was a real video call.

After this period of interaction, Chen Nanfeng and the others had a better understanding of Xia ruofei. The initial mutual wariness had also reduced a lot.

Therefore, when Xia ruofei and Song Wei went out alone, Chen Nanfeng and the others did not interfere and did not ask for anyone to follow them.

Of course, Chen Nanfeng and the rest were not worried that Xia ruofei would take this opportunity to fly the black Phoenix flying ship to the moon alone. On one hand, Xia ruofei had a large number of businesses in the secular world and the star Seizer sect, which was closely related to him in the cultivation world. If Xia ruofei really dared to go back on his word, Chen Nanfeng and the rest would definitely deal with the star Seizer sect with lightning – fast methods. On the other hand, to avoid suspicion, Xia ruofei had given all the spacesuits and oxygen supply modules to Chen Xuan, mu Jianfei, and the others for safekeeping. He only left the Dragon Ship behind. Without the spacesuits and the oxygen supply module, he naturally could not head to the moon.

Just like that, Xia ruofei and Song Wei took the black Phoenix flying boat and circled the Pacific Ocean a few times. After making sure that no one was following them, they turned around and headed straight for Peach Garden Island.

In reality, with the black Phoenix flying ship’s speed, even if there were people following it, they would definitely lose their way after making a few turns. This was because the current cultivators ‘ability to ride flying swords was simply unable to keep up with the black Phoenix flying ship’s speed. Even Chen Nanfeng could not do it.

Unless there was a hidden Yuanying stage master, the probability of this was very low.

After bringing Song Wei to the Peach Blossom Island, Xia ruofei instructed Luo Qingfeng and Zheng Yongshou, who were guarding the island, to take good care of Song Wei. At the same time, they had to be alert at all times and ensure the safety of the island. Then, he left some cultivation resources for Song Wei and hurriedly left the island on the black Phoenix flying boat. He did not even have time to meet up with the guards.

After returning to the capital, Xia ruofei continued to familiarize himself with the spaceship’s operation manual and other materials with the cultivators from the three sects in the siheyuan. That was until he received a call from Li Yifu.

Li Yifu told him over the phone that Elon Musk had produced the remaining EVA suit and oxygen supply module and delivered them.

Hence, Xia ruofei immediately told Chen Nanfeng and the others about this news. Everyone was very excited.

After preparing for such a long time, the materials and equipment needed for this expedition were finally ready.

Everyone decided to leave for the United States overnight to retrieve their spacesuits and oxygen supply modules.

This time, even Chen Nanfeng and the others were there. Everyone left the liuhai Lane courtyard house.

Xia ruofei gave Wu Qiang some instructions. After all, if everything went well, he would soon follow the exploration team to the moon and might not return to the courtyard house for a long time.

Besides, Xia ruofei had also considered the fact that there were so many people. They could not just disappear into thin air. After all, the front and back doors of the courtyard were guarded.

Hence, after instructing Wu Qiang, Xia ruofei brought the cultivators and left through the front door of the courtyard house.

However, they did not go far. The alley was very quiet at night. After they turned a corner, Xia ruofei took out the black Phoenix flying boat. Everyone quickly jumped onto the flying boat. Soon, the black Phoenix flying boat rose in altitude and flew across the capital city’s night sky like a shooting star, heading towards the other side of the ocean.