Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

3265 Target: the moon (2)

“It’s alright, the view from the ship is pretty good too!”Chen Xuan laughed. Besides, no one is in the mood to appreciate the beautiful scenery now. We’d better save it for the return trip!”

“Hahaha! What brother Chen said makes sense!” Xia ruofei smiled and said,”everyone, get ready. We’ll transfer into the spaceship immediately!”

With that, Xia ruofei gently stomped on the ground and flew up. He grabbed the top of the black Phoenix flying ship and clumsily arrived at the small deck area at the end of the Flying Ship.

Chen Xuan and the rest followed Xia ruofei to the stern of the ship.

The stern deck was much smaller than the prow, so it was a little crowded with nine people in spacesuits.

With a thought, Xia ruofei took out the Dragon God ship from the spirit map space.

The gigantic Dragon Ship appeared in the pitch – Black space in an instant. It was suspended not far from the black Phoenix flying ship’s stern, maintaining a relatively static state with the black Phoenix flying ship.

The moment the Dragon Ship appeared, Xia ruofei had already activated the ship’s shielding formation with his spiritual power.

At the front of the Dragon ship’s mass, five traction ropes had been placed in advance. Xia ruofei had asked Li Yifu to custom – make them while waiting for the last batch of Eva suits.

The five traction ropes were all made of high – strength alloy and each end had two hooks made of the same material. Xia ruofei had already hung the five traction ropes in advance during the previous flight test.

The two hooks at the front of each traction rope were hung on different outsides of the Dragon spacecraft assembly. Due to the lack of gravity in space, the five traction ropes were suspended in a twisted shape.

Xia ruofei used his spiritual power to grab the five leashers and pulled them over. Then, he hung the hooks at different positions on the side of the black Phoenix flying ship.

This kind of alloy hook had a strong spring, and it required a lot of force to unbuckle. Therefore, unless the spring failed, it was basically impossible to unbuckle by itself.

Five traction ropes were used at one time, and each traction rope had two hooks at each end, which was quite reliable. With so many safety measures, the probability of a problem occurring at the same time was almost zero.

Moreover, Xia ruofei had asked Li Yifu to order ten more of the same traction rope. They were now stored in the space as backup. If there was a problem with the traction rope during the voyage, they could be replaced at any time.

It could be said that Xia ruofei had already done his best to ensure safety.

After he connected the Dragon Ship to the black Phoenix flying ship with a leash, Xia ruofei then used his spiritual power to probe into the interior of the ship’s cockpit. He turned on the main power switch and methodically made the preparations for the transfer.

Finally, after the pressure release procedure, some of the doors of the Dragon spaceship Assembly’s orbital module were remotely opened by Xia ruofei’s spiritual power.

Xia ruofei turned around and looked at the crowd.””The orbital module is relatively small, so we’ll enter in two batches according to our original plan. The first group will follow me into the cabin!”

Everyone had already simulated this process on the ground a few times in advance, including the grouping. So, when it came to actual operation, everyone was in an orderly manner.

Ling Qingxue, Chen Xuan, Yang Liu, and Yu xiner followed behind Xia ruofei as they floated towards the Dragon God ship.

After a while, the five of them entered the orbital module.

Then, Xia ruofei closed the hatch from the inside. The computer started to check the seal of the cabin and released the air from the high – pressure bottle to pressure the orbital module.

In fact, as the main passage to enter and exit the module, the Dragon ship’s orbital module carried eight high – pressure air tanks. Every increase and decrease in pressure were done through the air tanks. Applying pressure was the process of releasing the air in the air bottle. Only when the air pressure in the cabin was balanced with that of the other cabins could the doors leading to other cabins be opened. On the other hand, reducing the pressure was the exact opposite. By using the device inside the gas bottle to suck in air, the cabin would form a vacuum. This way, the air pressure in the cabin would be the same as the air pressure in outer space, and the hatch door to the exit cabin could be opened. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

In theory, the air in the high – pressure air tanks could be reused. However, there would be a certain amount of loss during each process of increasing or decreasing the pressure. There was also a chance of failure. Hence, Xia ruofei had specially requested to bring a few more high – pressure air tanks to prevent any problems from occurring after multiple trips in and out of the cabin.

Of course, even if all the high – pressure air tanks failed, Xia ruofei and the rest would not be trapped in the spaceship.

The spacecraft had also designed a manual decompression device that could directly compress the air and discharge it into space, thus forming a vacuum in the cabin.

The process of applying pressure was even simpler. Xia ruofei and the others had brought enough oxygen supply modules. If all the high – pressure tanks failed, they could just release the oxygen stored in the oxygen supply module after closing the door and apply pressure to the cabin.

In a short while, the orbital module was pressurized. Xia ruofei’s spiritual power detected that the control panel in the cockpit showed that the air pressure in the orbital module was exactly the same as the other modules. The air quality met the requirements.

Hence, Xia ruofei asked everyone to take off their spacesuits and put them into their storage artifacts.

Then, he opened the door to the other cabins.

Following the original plan, Xia ruofei and Ling Qingxue went to the cockpit at the front of the spaceship.

Chen Xuan, Willow, and Yu Xin ‘er went to the other resting cabin that was about the same size as the orbital module.

Chen Xuan was the last to leave the module. He locked the airtight doors that connected the module to the other modules tightly. This way, the module was completely separated from the other modules.

Xia ruofei and Ling Qingxue sat in the cockpit.

According to the design, this cockpit could accommodate up to four astronauts, and they would be four astronauts wearing Eva suits. Hence, it was still very spacious even though it could only accommodate Xia ruofei and Ling Qingxue, who were wearing their work clothes.

Xia ruofei found the button in the cockpit to depressurize the module and pressed it. The control panel showed that the module had returned to a vacuum state. Xia ruofei then used his spiritual power to remotely open the module door.

Then, he said in the communication channel,””Elder Shen, the ship is ready. Please bring your team into the cabin!”

According to the drill, Shen tianfang of the first heavenly school was the person in charge of the second group. He led Xu yurou, a Qi refinement disciple of his school, and Mu Sheng and mu Jianfei of the Canglang school. A total of four people also successfully floated towards the Dragon spaceship mass and entered the orbital module in order.

Shen tianfang personally closed the airtight door leading to outer space.

Xia ruofei operated the cockpit and pressurized the module again.

When the air pressure in the orbital module returned to the same level as the other modules, Xia ruofei told Shen tianfang and the others in the communication channel that they could take off their spacesuits.

Shen tianfang and the others took off their heavy spacesuits and put them into their storage artifacts. Then, they opened the airtight door to the other cabins.

This way, all the cabins in the Dragon Ship were connected, and everyone’s activity space was relatively spacious.

In terms of the size of the living space, the combined body was even larger than the Tiangong series space laboratories in China. After all, it was made up of several cabins.

If this mass was built using conventional means, it would take at least several rocket launches, and then fine orbital changes, docking, and other operations in orbit, which would cost a lot.

On the other hand, Xia ruofei had placed the spaceship in the spirit map space and traveled to the 400 – kilometer orbit in the spaceship. It was simply too easy!

After everyone had entered the cabin, Xia ruofei, who was sitting in the cockpit, laughed and said,””Is everyone ready? We’re going to the moon!”