Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

3268 A long voyage (1)

Over the next ten days or so, the black Phoenix flying ship maintained a constant speed as it flew toward the higher Earth – Moon orbit.

Maintaining such high – speed flight for over ten days in a row was also quite a large consumption of origin crystals.

However, before they set off, Chen Nanfeng and the rest had gathered fifty origin crystals and handed them to Xia ruofei. With the increasing shortage of cultivation resources, it was not easy for even a top sect to take out fifty origin crystals.

Xia ruofei had stored these crystals in the black Phoenix flying ship in advance. During the flight for more than ten days, whenever a crystal was exhausted, he would use his spiritual power to remotely control the object and replace it with a new crystal to ensure that the Flying Ship would have a continuous supply of power.

Within the Dragon Ship, the nine members of the exploration team lived a very regular life.

They took turns keeping watch in the cockpit, while the others cultivated and rested in different cabins.

As the flight distance increased, the number of times they went to the porthole to watch the scenery also gradually increased.

Two to three days after leaving the 400 – kilometer orbit, everyone could see the entire earth through the porthole.

The Blue Planet hanging in the pure black sky gave a very strong visual impact.

Moreover, as the earth became smaller and smaller in their field of vision, everyone also had a deep feeling of being far away from home. Even though they were all cultivators, and they were going to the moon as a group of nine, in the lonely space, seeing the blue Earth hanging there all by itself, everyone couldn’t help but feel a sense of loneliness in their hearts. This wasn’t the loneliness of their physical bodies, but the loneliness of humans in the vast universe when they looked back at Earth from space.

After more than ten days of flight, everyone was already very used to life in the spaceship. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Cultivators had much better physical fitness than ordinary people, and with the help of mental power, the discomfort in the weightless state only lasted for a short time. Now, each of them could walk through the cabins with ease. They were also very flexible in the process of floating around, unlike when they had first entered the spaceship, where they bumped into things from time to time.

At this moment, the black Phoenix flying ship had already flown about 250000 kilometers with the Dragon Ship.

In fact, their position had already passed the earth – Moon transfer orbit point and was closer to the moon.

Today, everyone will follow the plan and move to the black Phoenix flying ship to complete the final part of the journey.

This was because after reaching the moon, there would definitely be some deceleration, orbital change, and other operations. The Dragon Ship itself did not have any power. Over the past ten days, the black Phoenix flying ship had been dragging the Dragon ship’s mass forward at a constant speed.

If the black Phoenix flying ship were to slow down during this process, there would be no such thing as air friction in an environment that was infinitely close to a vacuum. Hence, the Dragon ship’s mass would still maintain its original speed, and there would only be one result – a ‘rear – end’.

As such, when the black Phoenix flying ship neared the moon and needed to carry out some relatively complicated operations, it would be time to store the Dragon God ship’s body away.

If not, it would not matter if the black Phoenix flying ship was hit or knocked. However, the Dragon ship’s bulk would not be able to withstand such a collision. As long as the outer shell cracked, the airtight seal of the cabin would not be guaranteed. Then, during the return journey, everyone would have to wear an EVA suit for the entire journey.

How torturous would it be to be cooped up in a cumbersome spacesuit for ten to twenty days!

Besides, Xia ruofei and the rest had also considered that once they got close to the moon, the unknown dangers might increase. If they encountered any danger during the subsequent voyage, they would not be able to react in time since they were in the Dragon spaceship Mass. Not only was it cumbersome to put on a spacesuit, but they also had to wait for the pressure to be released when they left the cabin. After a series of standard procedures, it would be too late.

Hence, everyone felt that they should gather on the black Phoenix flying ship at the end of the voyage. This way, they would be able to deal with any possible danger as quickly as possible.

As for the Dragon ship’s mass, it was a warm nest for everyone on their return journey, so it naturally had to be properly preserved.

After passing the earth – Moon transfer orbit point, the black Phoenix flying ship continued to fly at a constant speed towards the moon. Meanwhile, Xia ruofei and the rest had already begun their preparations to return to the black Phoenix flying ship.

Everyone cleaned up the interior of the spaceship, then began to follow the procedure and prepare to leave.

The first four to return were mu Hua, mu Jianfei, Shen tianfang, and Xu yurou.

They put on their spacesuits and checked the oxygen levels before closing the hatch. Xia ruofei, who was in the cockpit, pressed the button to release the pressure.

Soon, the orbit module was in a vacuum.

Mu Hua and the other three opened the cabin door and once again entered the vast universe. They followed the rope and floated back to the black Phoenix flying ship.

Then, Xia ruofei used his mind power to close the exit of the module and check the seal. At the same time, he released a high – pressure bottle to increase the cabin’s pressure.

After the cabin pressure was at the same level, Xia ruofei brought Ling Qingxue, Chen Xuan, Willow, and Yu Xin ‘er to the orbit module.

He still had to put on the spacesuit, check the spacesuit’s performance and oxygen content, lock the hatch, and relieve the pressure.

Finally, Xia ruofei and the rest left the Dragon Ship.