Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

3269 A long voyage (2)

Xia ruofei was the last one to leave.

He held onto the railing and used his power of the will to close the hatch.

Immediately after, he extended his power of the will to the cockpit and pressed a button to perform an airtight seal on the orbital module. He then began to apply pressure.

After that, Xia ruofei cut off the main power supply of the spaceship. The control computer was shut down and all the lights were turned off.

Xia ruofei still did not put away the solar panel.

He followed the leashed rope and pulled slightly, floating towards the black Phoenix flying ship.

In fact, throughout the entire process, the black Phoenix flying ship and the Dragon Ship were still heading towards the moon at an extremely high speed.

However, the speed of the two was exactly the same, so they were relatively still.

As such, when Xia ruofei returned to the deck of the black Phoenix flying ship and released the hooks of the five leashes, there was no change in the distance between the two.

After Xia ruofei released the traction rope, he directly moved the Dragon Ship into the spirit map space.

Now, only the black Phoenix flying ship was left alone in space.

They didn’t return to their cabins; instead, they came to the front deck of the airboat.

Xia ruofei kept the Dragon Ship and returned to the front deck.

Xia ruofei said in the communication channel,””Fellow Daoists, everyone has to be alert! If nothing unexpected happens, we should be able to reach our destination soon!”

Chen Xuan grabbed onto the side of the black Phoenix flying ship to control his own body. Raising his head to look at the moon, he sighed.””This is the first time in my life that I’ve seen the moon from such a close distance!”

Everyone couldn’t help but laugh when they heard that.

Indeed, everyone had the experience of looking up at the stars when they were young, and they would certainly have all kinds of fantasies. However, none of them would have thought that they would one day come to observe the moon at such a close distance.

Other than the Apollo program’s astronauts, they were the only ones who had personally observed the moon from this position.

Of course, this conclusion might not be accurate. Because, according to the magical illusion that the music had brought everyone into, if there was such a paradise – like place on the moon, then at least someone from the cultivation world must have been here before. Otherwise, who would have left behind that Mystic realm?

Xia ruofei looked back at the lonely blue Earth and added,””This is also the furthest we’ve been from home ...”

Everyone felt the same way, and they all nodded somewhat awkwardly.

The scene in space was indeed spectacular. No one was willing to return to the cabin, including Xia ruofei, who stayed on the front deck. This place was definitely an Invincible Universe observation deck.

He used his mind power to control the black Phoenix flying ship while he remained on the deck.

In fact, this method didn’t consume a lot of spiritual power, and the benefits were obvious. The view was secondary, but the view was excellent. If they stayed on the deck, they would be able to find out immediately if there was any danger. It was also more convenient for them to find the place they had seen when they were listening to music.

There was still about 50000 kilometers to go. The black Phoenix flying ship slowed down slightly and drew a large arc in the air. As it flew toward the moon, it began to enter the moon’s orbit.

The next flight took about two days.

For the past two days, everyone had been cooped up in their spacesuits, so naturally, it was not as comfortable as staying in the Dragon Ship.

The oxygen supply module would run out of oxygen every six hours or so, and everyone would have to replace it.

In addition, eating, drinking, and pooping were also problems. Fortunately, cultivators were not like ordinary people, who had to eat every few hours. During this time, everyone tried to eat as little as possible.

The process of eating was also very strange. Everyone took out the food from their respective storage artifacts, and then the food would appear directly under the spacesuits ‘masks. Naturally, they didn’t use their hands, so the whole eating process was controlled by their mental power. If an ordinary person saw this scene, they would be shocked. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

As for the “three emergencies” problem, eating less would naturally mean excreting less, but it was inevitable. After all, cultivators were not mayflies that could only take in but not out. At this time, the adult diapers that he had prepared on earth came in handy.

After two days of flight, the black Phoenix flying ship was already very close to the moon’s surface.

Although the moon was much smaller than the earth, that was relative. When they reached the moon, Xia ruofei and the others still saw a huge celestial body. The craters on the moon’s surface were much larger than they had imagined.

When everyone looked back at the earth, they realized that the earth they were looking at now was almost ten times bigger than the moon they saw from earth. Moreover, the earth from this angle was also much brighter than the moon they saw from earth.

In reality, the nine members of the exploration team had all experienced the wondrous illusion produced by the music. The scene of the illusion started from the earth flying to the moon, but the speed was much faster than when they were on the black Phoenix flying ship. Therefore, the nine of them had a rough idea of the location of the place in the illusion.

Xia ruofei controlled the black Phoenix flying ship and descended along the moon’s orbit. When the Flying Ship reached the dark side of the moon, it began to accelerate and descend until it was about 300 kilometers away from the moon’s surface. Then, everyone began to search for the landing spot in the illusion.

A cultivator’s memory was quite amazing, not to mention that the experience of the musical illusion was imprinted in everyone’s mind. So, when they approached the moon, they quickly found a familiar ground landmark, a huge crater.

Like everyone else, Xia ruofei was overjoyed when he saw the crater. At the same time, he did not hesitate to control the flying boat to descend quickly towards the crater.

At this moment, everyone was completely sure that the scene in the illusion was real.

Everyone was even more confident that they would be able to find the secret realm that was shown in the song.

The black Phoenix flying ship’s altitude continued to drop. In the end, it was only about a thousand meters away from the moon’s surface. This was considered a low – altitude flight on earth.

As Xia ruofei maneuvered the black Phoenix flying ship across the moon’s surface at high speed, Chen Xuan and the rest were also observing the situation below.

In the illusion of the music, they had cut into the moon from this huge crater, then flew at a low altitude and high speed for a long distance, almost crossing half of the moon, before coming to a Valley behind the crater, and then the portal appeared.

The black Phoenix flying ship was fast, but Xia ruofei’s control was extremely precise. He was practically reenacting the musical illusion that everyone had experienced.

The environment below was almost exactly the same as in the illusion.

As Xia ruofei controlled the flying boat, he sighed with emotion. The rising Dragon Order could be traced back to at least 3000 years ago. Although it would be reassembled every few decades, he didn’t know if the illusion would be the same as this one. However, nothing had changed in the illusion even after thousands of years. This could only be possible on the moon because the environment here was dead silent and there would be no human overdevelopment. Unless a meteorite hit the moon’s surface again, it would not change.

Xia ruofei controlled the black Phoenix flying ship and flew along the route in his memory for about five hours. However, it was only a short time in the illusion. The black Phoenix flying ship was still too slow. Finally, the nine of them cheered in the communication channel.

They saw a familiar ring – shaped mountain, which meant that if there were no accidents, they would reach the end of their journey by turning to the valley at the back.