Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

3274 The secret realm finally appears (1)

In fact, Willow’s current appearance was a little funny. She was just holding Tao Feng in her mouth and blowing hard with her mouth. However, Xia ruofei and the others were all focused on the Willow and listening to their earphones. They did not think about anything else.

Yang Liu tried to blow a few notes, then temporarily spat Tao Feng out and used her spiritual power to hold him up. She then said,”It should be no problem! This is a six – hole Tao Feng. I’ve played an eight – hole Tao Feng before, and the principle is similar. ”

Xia ruofei and the rest were overjoyed. They were worried that Tao Feng could not blow the flute! Moreover, whether this thing was a musical instrument like the Xun was only Willow’s analysis. No one was sure.

Now, all his worries were gone.

“Elder yang, then I’ll have to trouble you to try to play that piece of music!” Xia ruofei said.

The Willow nodded slightly and took Tao Feng’s vocal cords in its mouth again. After a moment of silence, it began to try to play the instrument.

Xia ruofei and the others were selected through that song. They had a deep impression of this song, so everyone could tell that Willow was a little choppy at the beginning. Some of the notes were not standard, and sometimes, because she was not familiar with it, she would stammer.

But no matter what, he could still hear the familiar melody.

After Willow tried it once, her proficiency improved significantly when she played it a second time.

Cultivators had strong mental power, so it was very easy for them to get familiar with such technical items.

Xia ruofei and the others held their breaths as they watched the Willow play the song.

In fact, everyone was not confident. It was not that they did not have confidence in Willow. With Willow’s ability, she would definitely be able to perform the song almost perfectly soon. What everyone was worried about was whether this song was the song that Tao Feng had played in the illusion.

Besides, Xia ruofei and the others had another concern. The moon was a vacuum, and sound could not travel. The Willow was playing inside the spacesuit’s helmet, and everyone could only hear it through the radio. Since sound couldn’t travel, even if the song was chosen correctly, and Willow’s performance was fine, it might not be effective at all!

Therefore, everyone was actually a little worried about the gains and losses as they watched Willow try again and again.

Before he knew it, Willow had already played the instrument seven or eight times. It could be said that she was more skilled with each play, but there were still some flaws in each performance.

By the ninth time, everyone was still listening attentively. Willow soon finished the last note, and even she didn’t realize that her performance was quite perfect ...

At this moment, the eight dots of light suddenly changed.

Originally, the light produced by these eight points was straight to the sky, but after the Willow played the song perfectly, the eight rays of light suddenly began to slowly shift, from perpendicular to the ground to slowly form an inward angle.

This way, the eight rays of light naturally began to converge above.

As the angle increased, the intersection point also began to slowly move downward. It only stopped moving when it was about three meters above the moon.

Xia ruofei and the rest stared at the scene in front of them with wide eyes. Willow was even more stunned. She did not even realize that Tao Feng was still in her mouth. Even when Tao Feng fell out of her mouth and into her mask, she did not realize it.

When the eight rays of light stopped moving, the circle of light at the intersection point began to gradually expand downward and to both sides. In a short while, it formed a light curtain that was three meters tall and two meters wide.

When Xia ruofei saw this, the only guess in his heart was denied. Before this, he had been wondering if there was another possibility, that the rising Dragon Token was actually left behind by an alien civilization.

This was because the encryption method of the floating point patterns on the rising Dragon Order and the music score that they had finally cracked with the help of a supercomputer did not look like the work of a cultivator. Instead, it looked like it had been created by an advanced technological civilization.

In addition, the location was on the moon, so people couldn’t help but speculate in this direction.

However, when the screen finally appeared, Xia ruofei felt that the possibility of it being a technological civilization was extremely small. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

That was because when the light screen appeared, Xia ruofei could feel the obvious energy fluctuation. This energy fluctuation was not ordinary energy. It had the obvious characteristics of the cultivation world and was dense with spiritual Qi.

In the process of the light screen appearing, everyone could feel traces of spiritual energy dissipating.

Obviously, this was not something that could be done by any technology.

If this was really left behind by an alien civilization, it should be a masterpiece of an alien cultivation civilization.

Very soon, that light screen gradually stabilized.

Just like what they had experienced in the illusionary realm, the light screen was like a door, and everyone could feel the abundant spiritual energy inside this door. And after the light screen stabilized, everyone could even faintly see the Fairyland – like scene inside the door.

Everyone’s breathing became heavy, and their eyes shone.

Wasn’t all the preparation work done in the early stages and the arduous journey in space for more than ten days all for this moment?