Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

3279 The journey (2)

Moreover, the transmission and reception of this kind of signal did not need satellite relay. The wristwatch could directly receive the signal.

Xia ruofei gave it a try. He could clearly locate the signal transmitter on his watch from tens of meters away. This meant that at least radio waves could be transmitted here, which made him feel more at ease.

The signal transmitter had a very low power consumption, and the battery it came with could last for about a month. It could also work continuously even in high temperatures, underwater, or other harsh environments.

Of course, the radio could be transmitted here, but the other members of the exploration team couldn’t be called through the communication channel. This also meant that the other members were very far away from him, out of the effective range of the communication equipment. They might not even be in the same space as him. Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Xia ruofei had the spirit map space and his understanding of the rules of space was deeper than most of the cultivators on earth. He knew that there might be more than one space in this secret realm and they might have been transported to different spaces.

If that was the case, radio communication equipment would naturally not work.

Now, Xia ruofei could not think too much. There was no way back, and Ling Qingxue was also lost. He could not just sit and wait for death! Therefore, he had to move first.

As for which direction to go, there was no condition for reference at all, so he could only rely on his feelings.

Xia ruofei decided to use his “ultimate killing move”. He took out a boot from the spirit map space and threw it up. When the boot landed on the ground, he put it back into the spirit map space with a thought and flew in the direction the tip of the boot had pointed to.

Xia ruofei walked a few hundred meters before stopping. In fact, all he saw was the same grassland. If he did not look back and see the flag that he had just raised, he would have thought that he had stayed in the same place.

Xia ruofei felt that this was too slow. He had no idea how big the grassland was! If he had to run on his own feet, how long would it take?

Thus, he summoned his flying sword from his dantian and wanted to explore the grassland by riding on it.

However, as soon as the flying sword left his body, it fell to the ground with a clatter. No matter how he tried, he couldn’t control the flying sword to float, let alone ride it.

He could use his mental strength to lift the flying sword, but that was not riding a sword, and it was impossible to rely on his mental strength to fly at high speed.

Xia ruofei had no choice but to keep the flying sword in his body.

He then tried the black Phoenix flying ship.

Actually, Xia ruofei had already given up hope. After all, sword Kinesis flight and the black Phoenix flying ship’s flight were based on the same principle.

Since sword Kinesis flight was not possible in this secret realm, the black Phoenix flying ship was most likely not usable either.

As expected, after Xia ruofei took the black – armored flying ship out of the spirit map space, it fell on the grass. The control formation of the Flying Ship seemed to have lost its effect.

Fortunately, Xia ruofei was prepared. He did not follow his previous habit of throwing the black Phoenix flying boat into the air, so the flying boat was not damaged.

Xia ruofei smiled bitterly as he kept the black Phoenix flying ship.

He could now confirm that the secret realm he was in was a small space, and the rules of this space were not something he could understand with his strength. But at least he could be sure that the rules were very different from the outside world.

Regardless of whether it was controlling the black Phoenix flying ship or flying on a sword, they all relied on the assistance of formations to offset the effects of gravity. At the same time, they gave the Flying Ship or sword the speed to rise, fall, advance, and retreat. This naturally involved spatial laws the most.

Of course, Xia ruofei did not know much about the black Phoenix flying ship and the flying sword’s array formation. It was enough that he knew how to use it.

Whether it was on earth or on the black Phoenix flying ship to the moon, or even further in the universe, they all belonged to the same space. The rules of space were universal, so the black Phoenix flying ship could still be used normally in space.

However, in this secret realm, both the black flames flying ship and flying swords had lost their effectiveness. This meant that the laws of space had changed greatly, causing the arrays on the Flying Ship and flying swords to be completely ineffective.

But the amazing thing was that in this space, radio waves could still transmit normally. This made Xia ruofei not know whether to laugh or cry.

He’d rather not use the radio here than not be able to use the flying sword or the flying boat!

This was equivalent to binding his hands and feet!

Without the help of the black Phoenix flying ship and flying swords, he could only measure this grassland with his feet.

Xia ruofei smiled bitterly and shook his head. He stopped thinking about taking the shortcut and started to explore again.

Xia ruofei did not know how long he had been walking. He could not see the sun, the moon, or any other celestial bodies in the sky, but there was a natural and gentle light. However, the light would never change. In other words, there was no change in day and night here.

The scenery around them remained the same, and even the ambient light did not change at all. It was like driving on an overly monotonous highway, and it was inevitable that one would feel drowsy after a long time. This was also why the highway was designed to add some turns to prevent the driver from dozing off!

Walking in this secret realm was much more monotonous than driving on a high – speed road.

Ling Qingxue was still on his mind. As he walked, he tried to call Ling Qingxue and the other teammates through the radio, but there was no response.

Xia ruofei, who was physically and mentally exhausted, was about to stop and take a break when he suddenly looked in front of him and his eyes widened ...

Less than a hundred meters ahead, there was a towering tower!

The tower was over a thousand meters tall, more than a hundred meters higher than the tallest building on earth, the Burj Khalifa.

The strangest thing was that Xia ruofei had been heading in this direction. Logically speaking, he should have been able to see such a tall building from a distance. How could he have only noticed it when he was less than a hundred meters away?

Besides, Xia ruofei was sure that the thousand – meter tall tower was empty just a few seconds ago. Just now, he had only lowered his head to catch his breath. When he raised his head again, the tower appeared in front of him out of thin air, as if it had teleported over.

All of this was filled with a strange atmosphere.

However, it was better to change than not.

If they continued walking, the surrounding scenery would be the same forever. Xia ruofei felt that he would really go crazy.

Now that a tower had appeared, no matter if it would be dangerous or not, it was at least a possibility.

The appearance of a variable often meant new possibilities. The so – called crisis had always been an opportunity hidden in danger.

Hence, Xia ruofei only hesitated for a moment before he quickly ran towards the tower.

Even though he was slightly tired, he did not use up much energy, so he did not need to adjust his state of mind. Even if he was a little tired, he did not want to waste any more time to recover. He had to find Ling Qingxue as soon as possible.

The distance of a hundred meters was covered in the blink of an eye. Xia ruofei had already filled his body with Yuan Qi and was in a state of high alert.

He even summoned his flying sword. Although he couldn’t use sword secrets, he still used his mental power to wrap around the flying sword. Once there was danger, although he couldn’t control the flying sword as easily as he controlled it with sword secrets, he could at least use it as a sharp weapon. Moreover, the flying sword was so sharp that even if it was just a simple slash, the power would not be small.