Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

3280 The Grand Tower (1)

In the blink of an eye, Xia ruofei had arrived at the base of the tower – shaped building that was a thousand meters tall.

It was even more shocking when he got closer. The octagonal base of the tower covered dozens of acres, and each side was one to two hundred meters long. Xia ruofei walked closer and felt that the tower was really majestic. Just by standing there, there was an inexplicable sense of oppression.

In addition, the biggest feature of this tower was its height and size. It seemed to be an enlarged version of the towers commonly seen in China. The base of the tens of acres was hundreds of meters high from the ground. There were eighteen steps in eight directions leading to the vast base, and each step was five or six meters high. Each floor of the nine – story tower was close to a hundred meters tall, and the bells hanging on the eaves of each floor were actually huge copper bells.

Xia ruofei stood in front of the two – stair – High steps and looked up at the thousand – meter tall tower. It was as if he had suddenly arrived in the Kingdom of Giants.

Since he was already here, he naturally had to enter the tower to take a look.

The two – stair – High flight of stairs was not a problem for Xia ruofei. Although it was impossible to fly on a sword in this secret realm, a cultivator’s physical fitness would not be weakened. Moreover, the sculpted marks on the huge stone steps were very obvious. The rough marks left by knives and axes were scaled to an equal scale. Hence, there were many leverage points on the vertical surface of the steps. Even if Xia ruofei was not a cultivator, he could easily climb up with the skills he had trained in the special Combat Assault team.

Now that he was a golden core cultivator, a height of five to six meters was naturally not a problem.

He stood on the same spot and jumped four or five meters high. Then he reached out and used a carved mark on the vertical side of the stairs to pull himself up again. He easily climbed up the stairs.

It was more like a huge platform than a flight of steps. The width of this flight of steps was 70 – 80 m and the depth was 20 – 30 m. The sculpted marks on the surface of the steps formed deep ravines.

Xia ruofei jumped through the ravines and soon reached the second step.

Just like that, Xia ruofei continued to climb up the stairs. He climbed up eighteen steps in a row.

During this process, Xia ruofei was on full alert and did not dare to relax.

However, he had not encountered any danger so far. Although the tower looked majestic and majestic, it was just like the grassland he had just explored. Everything was relatively calm.

On both sides of the 18 steps, there were stone railings that were 20 to 30 meters high. Only the steps had a passage that was 80 meters wide.

Xia ruofei passed through the passageway and finally arrived at the base of the tower.

In fact, this was the true base of the tower, and the base was already 100 meters above the ground. It was clear how spectacular the tower was.

The tower was built on this Foundation, and its bottom was also octagonal. It should be in the same Center as the foundation, but it was smaller. However, the length of each side of the tower’s bottom was about 100 meters.

Xia ruofei stood on what could be described as a vast platform, like a tiny ant.

He ran towards the bottom of the tower. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

The base of the tower was also made of huge bluestone. Xia ruofei did not know where the builder of the tower had found such a huge bluestone.

He finally arrived at the bottom of the tower. In front of him was another five steps, two stories high. After climbing up, he came to a corridor that was tens of meters wide.

This corridor surrounded the entire bottom of the tower.

Xia ruofei did not enter the door of the tower, but he could still see the huge stone embossed on the first level of the hundred – meter tall tower. These relief sculptures looked very ancient and primitive. The contents of the embossed were not the Bodhisattva, Arhat, or Vajra that were commonly seen in Buddhism. Instead, they were scenes of cultivation.

Xia ruofei walked along the huge corridor and admired the embossed on the outside of the tower.

He finally saw the entrance of the tower after going around half a circle.

It was a huge stone door that was 80 meters tall and 20 to 30 meters wide. The tightly shut stone door looked very heavy. Even if Xia ruofei, a golden core stage cultivator, were to come and hit it, he would not be able to open it with all his strength.

There were also very complicated patterns on the stone door, but the patterns on it were very different from the calm cultivation scenes outside the tower just now.

The stone gate was carved with scenes of a tragic battle.

The Army – sized cultivators were releasing all sorts of magical treasures, fighting to the death with a horned race. Every battlefield was filled with corpses, both of the horned race and the cultivators.

That kind of somber atmosphere hit him in the face, and the thick killing intent seemed to be like a embossed.

Xia ruofei had no choice but to use his spiritual power to resist it. Otherwise, he would uncontrollably have the urge to kill.

Xia ruofei also noticed that in the background of each battle scene, there was a space tunnel that looked like a black hole. From it, monsters with horns on their heads were constantly rushing out and killing their way into the battlefield.