Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

3281 The Grand Tower (2)

After seeing the embossed on the stone door, Xia ruofei couldn’t help but click his tongue.

Although the embossed were rough, they were able to vividly show the battle scenes. In a daze, Xia ruofei even felt as if he was on a battlefield. Vital Qi, true Qi, and magical weapons were flying all over the place. The bloodthirsty thought made his blood boil ...

After watching the last battle scene, Xia ruofei looked away with lingering fear.

He felt that if it wasn’t for the fact that his spiritual power cultivation was relatively profound, he would be affected by the stone door and might even be possessed by the devil.

The brutal battlefield made Xia ruofei feel a sense of danger from the bottom of his heart. If this scene was real, it would be a catastrophe for the cultivation world. All the cultivators on earth were not enough to fill the gaps of their teeth.

Even though he had retracted his gaze, Xia ruofei could still feel the murderous intent that was about to burst out of his chest. He could only suppress it.

Xia ruofei was very clear that his current state had been greatly affected. It was definitely not a wise choice to try to open the tower door. If there were more powerful embossed in the tower, he would probably lose himself in an instant.

After all, Xia ruofei had not fully recovered and was starting to get anxious.

Xia ruofei thought of the embossed and frescoes that he had seen when he was walking around the huge corridor. The scenes of cultivation looked ordinary, but they faintly revealed a kind of peaceful and tranquil aura. This was also an important reason why he did not lose his mind when he saw the battle scene on the stone door.

Earlier, Xia ruofei had made a big detour before arriving at the entrance of the pagoda. Hence, there was still a small part of the embossed that he had not finished viewing.

Now that his condition had been greatly affected, the embossed on the tower were just nice to calm him down. Hence, Xia ruofei decided to look at the carvings again.

Therefore, he decided to ignore the door for the time being and continued to walk in the direction he had just come from. As he walked, he looked up and admired the embossed sculptures on the wall.

He soon arrived at the starting point, but he did not turn back. Instead, he continued to move forward along the huge corridor that surrounded the bottom of the tower until he was back in front of the tower door.

This round took about half an hour, and Xia ruofei had purposely increased his speed.

Back at the tower’s entrance, Xia ruofei’s mood had become very calm. The violent and bloodthirsty negative energy had disappeared without a trace.

Therefore, he decided to try to open the huge stone door and explore the tower.

Such a large stone door could not be pushed open with physical strength unless the person who built and used this tower was a giant who was tens of times taller than Xia ruofei.

Hence, Xia ruofei felt that there must be a mechanism that could open the door.

Thus, he released his spiritual power to investigate the nearby area, hoping to find the mechanism to open the door.

He carefully released his mental power to search inch by inch. At the same time, he paid special attention not to use his mental power to sense the murderous aura on the embossed the stone door, for fear of being affected again.

Actually, Xia ruofei was really anxious.

He was mainly worried about Ling Qingxue.

If anyone else, including Ling Qingxue, had experienced the same environment as him and also encountered this tower, they would probably have quickly lost themselves in front of the embossed of the stone door. They would have fallen into the violent and bloodthirsty aura and would not be able to extricate themselves. Ling Qingxue was no exception.

It was because of his experience that Xia ruofei knew how powerful the embossed on the stone door were. That was why he was even more worried.

However, he was also very clear that the more urgent the situation was, the more he couldn’t lose his mind. He had to calm down, calm down, and calm down. Otherwise, not only would he not be able to help Ling Qingxue, but he might also suffer a crushing defeat here and be trapped in this Mystic realm forever.

It was not an easy task to carefully inspect such a huge stone door and find the mechanism.

Xia ruofei was busy for half an hour, but there was no progress.

Of course, before that, he also held a trace of hope and tried to push the stone door. The result was as he had expected. He had used all his strength without holding back, but the stone door did not move at all.

That was why Xia ruofei gave up and tried to find the mechanism to open the stone door.

After all, he had followed the guidance of the rising Dragon Order to come to this secret realm. It could be said that this secret realm was definitely suitable for Huaxia cultivators to explore. In that case, there should not be a situation where he could not even enter the door.

Just as Xia ruofei’s patience was wearing thin, he suddenly heard a bone – chilling creaking sound. Then, he saw the stone door slowly open ...

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but be stunned. He couldn’t help but think of a funny joke. He couldn’t push the door open with all his might, so he hired a maintenance worker, but the door opened with a light pull.

The door was clearly pulled open, but you just had to push it open. Wasn’t that just asking for trouble?

Xia ruofei did push the door hard, but he did not try to pull the door open after he gave up! Moreover, he had been seriously looking for information about the mechanism in the past half an hour. He did not try anything rashly. His mental power was also used to investigate. He would not touch any place without confidence. However, he clearly did not do anything, so how did the door open by itself?

Xia ruofei was also puzzled.

However, when the door was pushed open, he still subconsciously jumped back a dozen meters.

On one hand, he was worried that there would be danger and that he would be able to deal with it more easily if he stayed further away. On the other hand, it was also because the door was open outward. If he didn’t move away quickly, he would be hit by the door.

Of course, he was standing in the middle, so he didn’t need to retreat too far.

Xia ruofei was on high alert as he looked at the giant stone door that was slowly opening.

Only when the door was opened could they see that the stone door was seven or eight meters thick. In other words, the door frame was also seven or eight meters thick. How was this a door frame?! It was simply a city gate ...

Seeing such a thick stone door, Xia ruofei was even more certain that he could not open it himself. Even if he were to increase his strength by ten or even a hundred times, he would not be able to push such a heavy stone door.

The 80 – meter – tall stone door slowly opened with a rumbling sound. The first thing that appeared in front of Xia ruofei was a black crack. Then, the crack continued to widen. When it was two or three meters wide, Xia ruofei’s eyes suddenly narrowed and he was on high alert. He wrapped his spiritual power around the flying sword and was ready to fight at any time.

He saw a figure walking out of the tower.

While he was getting ready for battle, Xia ruofei was secretly glad. Although it looked scary, at least the person who walked out was about the same height and size as him. He was a normal human and not a 60 – 70 meter tall giant. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

This person didn’t wait for the stone door to fully open before he stepped out of the tower.

When he came out, Xia ruofei finally saw him clearly. The man in front of him was wearing a green Taoist robe and had the face of an Eastern Huaxia. However, he looked very young and was only fifteen or sixteen years old.

Judging from the way he was dressed, he should be a Daoist child!

In fact, the cultivation world and Daoism had a deep relationship. Many cultivators dressed up as Daoist. Even if they were not monks, many cultivators liked to wear Daoist robes. In comparison, Buddhism had much fewer monks. Of course, there were also monks who cultivated, but they were in the minority.

Hence, Xia ruofei was not too surprised to see this little Daoist.

The Daoist child quickly came to Xia ruofei and said,””The Buddha of immeasurable longevity! Since this scholar had come here, why was he loitering outside the door? Please come in for a chat!”