3295 News about Ling Qingxue (2)

Xia ruofei took a deep breath and quietly crouched down in the grass. Even if he wanted to finish the task as soon as possible, he could not act rashly. He had to try his best not to alert the other puppets. Otherwise, if they attacked him together, Xia ruofei would not be able to stand it.

Therefore, assassination was naturally the first choice.

Although the itinerant peddler was at the Golden core stage, he didn’t seem to have the strong perception of human cultivators. So, he still didn’t notice Xia ruofei’s existence even when he was about ten meters away.

Xia ruofei had already held his breath. His spiritual energy was locked on the itinerant peddler. Beside him, the bent Frost Sword was quietly floating just an inch above the ground, ready to deliver a fatal blow at any time.

Just now, Xia ruofei had hidden all the way from the center of the mini town to the entrance of the second floor. Although it seemed like it was a waste of effort, in reality, it was not completely fruitless. First of all, he was far away from the area where the puppets were concentrated. He could assassinate the puppets that were alone on the periphery. The difficulty would definitely be much lower than killing a Path of Blood in the center. During this process, he had also become much more familiar with the sword control technique of the warped Frost Sword. He could now control the flying sword with much more ease than before.

The itinerant peddler approached the weed area where Xia ruofei was hiding. The grass was very tall, so he took down the carrying pole from his shoulder and used it to sweep the weeds away. It seemed like he was going to search deep into the forest near the big tree at the entrance of the second floor.

However, this suited Xia ruofei’s wishes because the itinerant peddler’s route was also heading toward him.

Eight meters, seven meters, six meters, five meters, four meters ...

The itinerant peddler approached Xia ruofei step by step. When the distance between them was only about three meters, Xia ruofei suddenly stood up and stabbed the itinerant peddler’s chest.

The itinerant peddler reacted quickly. The moment Xia ruofei appeared, he was already tensed up. Just as he was about to swing his iron shoulder pole at Xia ruofei, the sword light appeared.

The itinerant peddler immediately dodged to his left, and then he knocked the iron pole forward, accurately hitting the sword light.

His pole looked like it was made of pig iron, but it was definitely made of extraordinary materials. After coming into contact with the sword light, a string of sparks flashed on the pole, but it was completely unscathed. On the other hand, the sword light had completely deviated from its course due to a heavy blow.

However, the real killing intent only appeared at this moment.

Just as the grocer took a step to the left, a flying sword flew out of the grass silently.

The itinerant peddler had just used the shoulder pole to block the sword light that he had gotten earlier, but the soundless flying sword had already accelerated and circled around the itinerant peddler’s neck.

The itinerant peddler’s movements suddenly froze, and the iron pole in his hand fell to the ground with a clang. Then, a Thin Red Line appeared on his neck ...

Slowly, blood began to spray out of the red line. The itinerant peddler’s expression was dull, and his hands covered his neck in vain. It was fine if he didn’t move, but once he moved, his head fell off directly, and a lot of blood spurted out.

The itinerant peddler was naturally dead.

“It’s quite realistic ...”Xia ruofei muttered.

However, he didn’t dare to delay. With a thought, he put away the two flying swords and quickly moved.

Although the itinerant peddler’s death was silent, Xia ruofei could not guarantee that the puppets would not find out.

In the military, the most important rule for a sniper was to ensure the safety of his sniping position. Once there was a possibility of exposing his position, he had to change it decisively.

Xia ruofei naturally knew this.

Therefore, after he killed the itinerant peddler, he left without a word.

From the abilities that this itinerant peddler had displayed, he was actually about the same as Xia ruofei, but he was slightly stronger.

The reason why Xia ruofei could kill him so easily was because he had used a flexible tactic.

He jumped out from a position three meters away from the itinerant peddler and shot out a flying sword at the same time. All these were to attract the peddler’s attention. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

This flying sword was the blue immortal sword that Xia ruofei had used before. Due to the change in the rules, his original sword control technique could not control the flying sword in the secret realm. He had not mastered the sword control law of the flying sword of the bent frost. It was not a big problem to control the bent Frost Flying sword, but it was not very good to control the blue immortal sword. Therefore, Xia ruofei did not use the sword technique. Instead, he used his spiritual energy to directly grab the blue immortal sword. Without any order, he directly stabbed it at the itinerant peddler.

As expected, the itinerant peddler was also fooled, and his attention was completely attracted.

The real killing move was the flying sword of the bent frost hidden in the grass.

As the itinerant peddler dodged and used his iron shoulder pole to block the blue immortal sword, the qushuang flying sword flew out from the grass to the side without anyone noticing.

At this time, the salesman had just exhausted his old strength and had not yet recovered. Even if he had discovered the sword, it would have been very difficult for him to Dodge it since his body was in a temporary state of paralysis, not to mention that he hadn’t even noticed the flying sword coming from the side. Naturally, his death wasn’t unjust at all.

Xia ruofei quickly hid in a Bush about 20 meters away from the place where the itinerant peddler was killed. He spread out his spiritual power and searched for the puppets that were alone.

At that moment, Xia ruofei saw the word ” 1/100″ in his perceptual vision. Beside the line of words, there was a timer that showed that he had 17 minutes.

Obviously, the former was to record the number of puppets he had killed, while the counter at the side was to calculate the time he had spent since he had started the mission.

The more Xia ruofei looked at it, the more he felt that this sensory mirror was not a magical treasure of the cultivation world. Instead, it was more like a technological product.

Indeed, whether it was the map interface, the mission Status display, or other information, the interface was full of a sense of technology. It gave Xia ruofei the feeling that it was a big production game.

Xia ruofei did not have the time to study the interface of the perceptual mirror. His top priority was to kill as many puppets as possible.

If possible, he would prefer to have a one – on – one assassination instead of entering the town’s central area.

However, he was also very clear that it might be possible at the beginning, but the puppets would definitely not keep coming to kill him. In the end, he would either go to the center of the town to find new prey by himself, or the puppets would form a team to search for him instead of acting alone.

Considering that there were two original leveled cultivators among the puppets, Xia ruofei had to be very careful. He had to fight for time, but he had to ensure his own safety.

For example, Xia ruofei had just hidden himself when he noticed two puppets coming together on the mountain path. The information from the perceptual mirror showed that one of the two puppets had the strength of an early – Stage golden core cultivator and the other was a mid – Stage golden core cultivator.

With Xia ruofei’s combat ability, he could take care of the two puppets at the same time.

However, it would certainly cause a great commotion. It was impossible to kill him silently like how he had dealt with the itinerant peddler just now.

This would definitely attract a large number of puppets.

Hence, Xia ruofei decisively chose to give up and let the two puppets pass. He continued to lie in the bushes, not moving.

In fact, Xia ruofei had also realized that even though the weakest of these puppets was at the beginning stage of the Golden core realm, they did not have the keen perception of human cultivators of the same level. Perhaps they did not have any mental power at all, so even if Xia ruofei was hiding very close to them, as long as Xia ruofei hid well, the puppets would not notice him at all.

Xia ruofei didn’t know if the original infant stage puppet didn’t have strong perception. If it did, then the difficulty of this mission would be much lower.

After all, the space of the first floor was so small. If each puppet had the strong perception of a human cultivator, he would have no way to hide. Then the difficulty of this task would be too great, and there was no possibility of completing it.

Xia ruofei thought to himself as he continued to search with his spiritual power.

Soon, his eyes lit up.

Thirty meters ahead, a puppet in the shape of an old man was slowly approaching. The perception mirror showed that this was a puppet with the strength of the late stage of the Golden elixir realm, and there were no other puppets in his vicinity.

Xia ruofei was excited. He hid in the bushes and held his breath.

Xia ruofei stared unblinkingly at the old puppet that was getting closer and closer. The qushuang flying sword and the blue immortal sword both appeared silently and floated beside him ...

...