Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

3296 Crazy assassination_

Xia ruofei used the same tactic as when he killed the itinerant peddler. Without much effort, he killed the old puppet, who was obviously at the advanced stage of the Golden elixir realm.

The count in the perceptual mirror’s field of view had become 2/100.

After two successful attacks, Xia ruofei realized that although these puppets looked powerful, they were still far from comparable to human cultivators.

This gap was not only reflected in the ability of perception.

The puppets ‘reaction speed was also slower than human cultivators. In addition, they were often easily tricked by some cunning tactics.

Just like Xia ruofei’s diversion tactic, it had succeeded twice in a row. This old puppet was the same as the previous itinerant peddler. There was no reaction at all. No matter how strong his cultivation was, he would not survive if his neck was cut by the flying sword.

Next, Xia ruofei hid near the small hill and changed his position after each shot. He kept ambushing the puppets that were left alone.

Time continued to pass. When the timer showed half an hour had passed, Xia ruofei had already killed 15 puppets.

At this rate, he could at most kill 60 puppets in two hours. It was clearly far from enough.

Furthermore, it would be even more difficult to kill the puppets later on.

Hence, if Xia ruofei wanted to break the record, he had to speed up.

He used his mental power to search again and felt that he could not stay in this relatively safe comfort zone. Otherwise, he might not be able to complete the task of killing 100 puppets even if he was given another four hours, let alone two hours.

Hence, Xia ruofei decided to move closer to the center of the town. After all, most of the puppets were still active in that area. Only a small number of puppets had come to the outer area. Now that Xia ruofei had cleared most of them, if he continued to wait here, it might take a long time before the puppets would occasionally come over.

Xia ruofei carefully stood up from the grass and ran down the hill.

When they passed by the true yang temple, Xia ruofei looked at the tightly shut gate and scanned the temple with his spiritual power. However, he only found the Taoist child Qing Feng. As for the quiet room in the back hall, his spiritual power could not penetrate it at all. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Xia ruofei’s heart trembled and he quickly retracted his spiritual power.

That old Taoist Zhen Yang was becoming more and more mysterious in Xia ruofei’s eyes. He didn’t want to provoke such an old monster.

Xia ruofei continued to walk in the direction of the small town. Suddenly, he realized that two puppets were walking side by side out of the small town and towards the true yang temple.

He had noticed the two puppets the moment he raised his head. He did not need to search with his mind power at all.

Of course, this also meant that Xia ruofei was also exposed to the two puppets ‘vision. So, almost like a conditioned reflex, he dodged and hid in the grass at the side.

The two puppets had just turned around. They must have seen a suspicious figure, but they could not confirm that it was Xia ruofei. Hence, the two puppets quickened their steps, wanting to investigate.

Xia ruofei lay motionless in the grass. He even stopped breathing. He knew that the two puppets had their attention on them. If there was any movement, they would notice.

At that time, he might even shout loudly and summon more puppets.

Previously, when he encountered two puppets moving together, Xia ruofei would usually avoid them. If he really couldn’t avoid them, he would simply hide back in the spirit map space and wait for the puppets to leave before coming out.

However, Xia ruofei felt that it was not a good idea to keep hiding. Besides, the two puppets were both in the beginning stage of the Golden elixir realm. They should be a couple in the town, so they were holding hands as they walked. The young girl even had a happy smile on her face.

He had already taken out the qushuang flying sword and the blue immortal sword. They were quietly floating beside Xia ruofei, almost touching the grass.

Now that his opponents were two puppets, the tried – and – tested diversion tactic was clearly no longer suitable.

The two puppets were getting closer and closer. Xia ruofei’s brain was spinning rapidly, hoping to find a solution in the shortest time possible.

The more urgent the situation was, the calmer Xia ruofei’s mind would be.

He saw the two puppets holding hands intimately and quickly formulated an attack plan.

At that moment, the two puppets were already close to Xia ruofei.

Xia ruofei was still holding his breath and lying in the grass, motionless. However, the two flying swords had already moved silently and arrived behind the two puppets.

Xia ruofei used his spiritual power to lift the flying sword, carefully avoiding the dense grass. At the same time, he tried to slow down and not make any sound.

The two puppets were completely unaware of the danger behind them. Their attention was focused on what was in front of them, and the two of them were searching carefully while holding hands.

At this moment, the blue traveling immortal sword suddenly flew out of the grass and stabbed at the female puppet with a sharp whistling sound.

The two puppets sensed the danger at the first moment and turned around at the same time. At this time, the blue immortal sword was almost about to Pierce the female puppet’s chest.

The male puppet’s expression changed drastically, and he quickly extended the blade in his hand, blocking the blue immortal sword in a flash.

However, the two puppets didn’t notice that the flying sword of qushuang, which was really hidden beside them, was attacking the male puppet like a ghost. The speed of the flying sword of qushuang wasn’t as fast as the blue immortal sword and its momentum wasn’t very strong, but it won in concealment and almost didn’t make any sound.