Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

3297 Crazy assassination_

The male puppet’s attention was all on the blue travel immortal sword. He was bent on saving the female puppet. He did not expect that Xia ruofei’s real target was not the female puppet but him.

The qushuang flying sword and the blue travel immortal sword flew out of the grass one after the other. There was a time difference.

The blue travel immortal sword was completely used to attract attention. Different from the previous tactics, the target of the blue travel immortal sword this time was the female puppet. Its purpose was to attract the attention of the male puppet and attack her to save her.

As expected, the male puppet was fooled, and it did not realize that danger was approaching.

The flying sword of qushuang silently flew over from the side, and only when it neared the male puppet did it suddenly accelerate, stabbing straight into the male puppet’s neck and instantly piercing through it.

Blood gushed out from the wound, and the male puppet’s eyes widened. He wanted to open his mouth and scream, but because his windpipe had been completely punctured, he could only make a hissing sound in vain.

At the same time qu Shuang’s flying sword stabbed the male puppet, Xia ruofei had already stood up from the grass.

At this moment, he was only three to four meters away from the two puppets. Moreover, the two puppets had turned around because of the sneak attack from the blue immortal sword. Hence, Xia ruofei was right behind them.

Xia ruofei didn’t care about the male puppet’s condition at all because he was very confident in his control of the flying sword. Although the qushuang flying sword didn’t cut off the male puppet’s head, it had pierced through the side and stirred inside. It was definitely dead.

Hence, when Xia ruofei emerged from the bushes, his only target was the female puppet.

The female puppet had just been attacked and was in a state of panic. Although the male puppet blocked the blue immortal sword with his machete before he died, he also died instantly. The female puppet saw this scene with her own eyes and was completely stunned. Her body suddenly became stiff.

Xia ruofei had been waiting for this moment. He pounced on the female puppet from behind. By the time the female puppet heard the commotion behind her, it was already too late. She only had time to turn her head around before Xia ruofei’s palm had already landed on her.

The moment the female puppet turned around, Xia ruofei’s palm landed on her forehead.

Xia ruofei had used all his strength in this attack. A violent vital Qi was spat out from his palm, and the inside of the female puppet’s head was instantly stirred up.

At this moment, the male puppet’s body had just fallen to the ground.

From the blue immortal sword’s feint to the bent Frost Sword killing the male puppet to Xia ruofei personally killing the female puppet, although there was a time difference, it all happened in a flash. The total time was only two to three seconds.

The two puppets fell to the ground one after another. They did not even have the time to scream or cry out in shock before they were killed by Xia ruofei silently.

It had to be said that the factor of tactical design played a big role in this.

Of course, it was also because these two puppets were only at the early Aurous core stage.

Although Xia ruofei was also at the beginning stage of the Golden core realm, ordinary cultivators at the beginning stage of the Golden core realm were no match for him, let alone the puppets that were weaker than human cultivators.

Due to the combination of many factors, Xia ruofei’s mission progress was now 17/100.

Xia ruofei had two puppets drag him into the grass. He then kept his two flying swords and continued to move carefully towards the center of the town.

On the way, he was lucky enough to meet two puppets that were alone. Xia ruofei was now able to deal with one puppet at a time. He used the sensory mirror to check the strength of the puppets and after confirming that he was not unlucky enough to meet a puppet of the original infant stage, he easily killed the two puppets.

Xia ruofei had already realized that even if it was a late – Stage golden core puppet, it would still be relatively easy for him to assassinate it in the dark if it was a one – on – one battle.

Of course, this was also because of Xia ruofei’s outstanding strength. Even when facing human cultivators, he could still challenge them. The strength of puppets was generally lower than human cultivators of the same level. For Xia ruofei, it was not difficult at all.

In other words, as long as Xia ruofei did not encounter a group attack or two original infant stage puppets, he could easily kill them.

Gradually, Xia ruofei stepped onto the bluestone Street of the mini town.

However, he quickly hid in a small alley.

There were still many puppets on the street, and if he were to slow down even a little, he would be discovered immediately.

In comparison, those small alleys were actually a little safer.

Of course, there was also a hidden danger in the alley. It was very likely that they would run into the original infant stage puppet that had not shown its face yet. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Choosing the lesser of two evils, it was obviously not the time to fight for his life yet. Hence, Xia ruofei chose the alley. This way, he could make full use of his advantage in searching with his spiritual power while avoiding encountering too many puppets at the same time.

His mental energy was constantly operating at high speed, and he knew the situation of the puppets in the alley like the back of his hand.

Although this mini – town was not big, there were still many small boxes on both sides of the main street. These alleys extended in all directions, and some of them were about two feet wide. When two people crossed each other, they had to turn sideways to pass through.

Xia ruofei quickly found his target in the alley.

The two puppets searched the alley, but there were no other puppets in the nearby alleys.

Of course, Xia ruofei would not let go of such an opportunity. He immediately dashed forward.

He unhesitatingly launched an attack from behind the two puppets.

The qushuang flying sword and the roaming Jade immortal sword simultaneously attacked the two puppets from the left and right while he himself also rushed forward at high speed.

One of the puppets dodged the blue travel immortal sword’s attack, but the other puppet was a step slower and didn’t manage to completely Dodge, so one of its arms was cut off by the qushuang flying sword.

To the puppets, this kind of damage was nothing. Their vital point was their head.

However, this was not the only wave of Xia ruofei’s attack.

The qushuang flying sword’s momentum didn’t decrease and it directly attacked another puppet. Xia ruofei’s own target was also the unscathed puppet.

He took a mysterious step forward and attacked the puppet from the left and right along with the qushuang flying sword.

The trajectory of the qushuang flying sword was very strange. In fact, this was the sword technique of the noble Sword. The puppet was struggling left and right and looked very embarrassed. Xia ruofei quickly found its weakness and made use of the full – Power attack of the qushuang flying sword. He stepped sideways and arrived in front of the puppet. Then, he punched the puppet’s head.

The puppet with the strength of the intermediate stage of the Golden elixir realm did not Dodge at all. Its head instantly exploded and it was dead.

The other puppet didn’t care about its bleeding wound. It immediately shouted and attacked Xia ruofei at the same time.

After Xia ruofei had killed the puppet with intermediate golden core strength, he didn’t stop at all. He stomped on the ground and flew out. At the same time, he kept the blue immortal sword and the qushuang flying sword into his body.

Xia ruofei did not linger in the battle. He did not care about the puppet that was chasing after him. In a flash, he disappeared into another alley.

At this moment, the puppets in the center of the town had been alerted, and they rushed to this position from all directions.

Xia ruofei’s brain was working at high speed. After analyzing the situation detected by his spiritual power, he went into a side alley without hesitation.

The one – armed puppet had already issued a warning, so Xia ruofei gave up decisively. His figure was like a ghost, moving through the big and small alleys. Soon, he broke out of the encirclement before it formed.

Xia ruofei hid in the shadows of the alley and used his spiritual power again to check on the situation of the crickets. After they were alerted, their distribution of forces had changed greatly.

Xia ruofei suddenly realized that this might be the most suitable way for him to be an assassin hiding in the shadows, quietly dealing a fatal blow to the enemy ...

...