Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

3298 A hair on the neck (1)

From a military point of view, street battles were often extremely tragic. Both sides would fight to the death in a small area, and the forces of both sides would clash. Heavy weapons would be completely useless, and the side with the advantage in strength could also face heavy casualties.

This was the tactic that Xia ruofei was using.

The only difference was that there was a huge difference in strength between the two sides. Xia ruofei was alone against hundreds of golden core stage puppets and two nascent Soul Stage puppets.

This increased Xia ruofei’s danger, but at the same time, it was easier for him to hide because he was a small target.

Xia ruofei liked the feeling of delivering a fatal blow while hiding in the dark. It was as if he had returned to the time when he was in the military. There was a time when he was a full – time sniper in the team. Whether it was in a drill or in actual combat that could not be reported, he had the experience of reaping heads.

Xia ruofei seemed to be doing the same thing.

His figure shuttled through the alley. Every time a puppet was left alone, he would appear behind it like the god of death and use the qushuang flying sword to cleanly harvest its head.

Xia ruofei was efficient every time he attacked. He would kill in one strike almost every time. Then, regardless of whether he was exposed or not, he would quickly hide and patiently look for the next opportunity in the dark.

20/1

30/1

40/1

……

Xia ruofei’s killing speed was increasing rapidly, and the mission progress on the perceptual mirror was constantly refreshed.

During this process, Xia ruofei’s control of the qushuang flying sword became more and more proficient.

Even now, when he encountered three puppets forming a team to search for him, he would still act decisively.

Of course, he didn’t aim to wipe out the three puppets in one go. He would usually appear when they were caught off guard, cut off one or two puppets ‘heads, and then quickly escape.

This way, his efficiency naturally increased a lot. Only an hour had passed, and his mission progress bar had become ” 50/100.”

He had completed more than half of the mission in about an hour. Compared to the cultivator who had completed the mission in two hours, which was two hours, Xia ruofei was not slow at all.

What’s more, he had wasted a lot of time at the beginning of the mission. If this part of the time was taken out, his efficiency was much faster than the record keeper.

Xia ruofei had completely found his rhythm. He was like a fish in water in the dark and narrow alley.

His expression was very calm, but his eyes were sharper than an Eagle ‘s. Most of the time, when a puppet appeared alone, he would have already sneaked behind it.

The mission progress bar continued to move forward. Xia ruofei had used one and a half hours to kill 88 puppets.

There were 12 puppets left, and there was still half an hour left. At this rate, Xia ruofei would definitely break the record.

In fact, Xia ruofei thought so too. After killing so many times, his confidence had exploded.

Even though he was very close to the record, Xia ruofei did not relax. On the contrary, he became calmer.

There were only about 200 puppets in the mini town. Now that Xia ruofei had killed 88 of them, the mini town seemed even more empty. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

This was good news for Xia ruofei. As the number of puppets decreased, they naturally could not maintain their current search.

Of course, it was not all good news.

Most of the puppets that were left behind were difficult to deal with. They were either strong or used to moving in groups. In short, they were the kind that Xia ruofei found difficult to deal with.

He had to pick the soft persimmons first. Now that he had basically crushed all the soft persimmons, Xia ruofei had to crush the hard persimmons. If he wanted to complete the mission and break the record, he had to face the reality that it was getting harder and harder to kill.

Xia ruofei hid in the shadows and scanned the area with his spiritual power.

Now, the remaining hundred or so puppets, including the animal puppets, were basically moving in groups. It was almost impossible to find a single one.

What was even worse was that these teams of five or six people were often all late – Stage golden core cultivators.

Xia ruofei clearly knew that if he rushed out rashly, he might not even be able to kill a single puppet. Instead, he would be surrounded and would not be able to escape.

Therefore, he constantly changed his position to avoid the puppets ‘search. Other than that, he did not rush out on a whim.

Ten minutes passed quickly.

If Xia ruofei wanted to break the record, he only had 20 minutes left.

Finally, he had found a rare opportunity.

The five puppets actually split up at the entrance of an alley. Three of the puppets went left, while the other two went right.

Xia ruofei immediately used the perceptual mirror to check on the five puppets.

He realized that the two puppets that were with him were at the late – Stage of the Golden core realm. The other three puppets were at the mid – Stage of the Golden core realm and the two at the early – Stage of the Golden core realm.

Xia ruofei did not hesitate to give up on the combination of two puppets. He turned and chased after the three puppets.

On the way, he hid in another alley twice to avoid being discovered by other puppets.

Fortunately, his mental power had already locked on to these three puppets. At the same time, he was also sensing the situation in the other alleys, so he was always able to find the safest route to approach the three puppets.

Finally, the three puppets found a dead end. Xia ruofei had also reached the entrance of the alley. Without hesitation, he sped up and rushed into the alley.