Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

3299 A critical moment (2)

The blue travel immortal sword and the qushuang flying sword whistled as they attacked the three puppets.

At the same time, Xia ruofei didn’t hold back. His body flashed wildly and he pounced on the three puppets.

The three puppets couldn’t react in time. The weakest puppet was killed by qu Shuang’s flying sword. Although the other two puppets dodged the attack in time, Xia ruofei had already arrived in front of them. With the help of the two flying swords, Xia ruofei’s attacks were extremely fierce.

Soon, the other early gold core puppet was unable to Dodge in time and a deep gash was cut on its body. The sight of blood spurting out from the wound was terrifying.

However, Xia ruofei knew that this level of external injury would not affect these puppets at all. They probably would not feel any pain either, so he was not too optimistic.

This was because after the two puppets had reacted, they were still in a passive defensive state. Although they were unable to turn the situation around after being attacked, they were still calling for their companions as they dodged. Xia ruofei’s spiritual power had been spreading out the whole time. He had already sensed that a large number of puppets were starting to gather in this direction.

Xia ruofei didn’t retreat immediately after missing his attack like he did before. This was because it was a dead end. If he retreated, the two puppets would definitely pursue him. If a large number of puppets surrounded him, the situation would be even worse.

Xia ruofei had already considered such a situation when he decided to kill the three puppets in this terrain. He had also made an emergency plan in the shortest time possible.

Now, Xia ruofei was still gritting his teeth. His attacks did not decrease but increased instead. The qushuang flying sword and the blue immortal sword both made whistling sounds. The sharp sword light circled around the two puppets at a rapid speed, leaving them with no power to fight back.

Xia ruofei’s mind power was constantly monitoring the situation around him. The puppets were getting closer and closer. At this time, the early golden core puppet could not hold on any longer. When Xia ruofei kicked him, he barely dodged. However, his feet slipped and he lost his balance.

It was too late to adjust. The flying sword of qushuang had pierced through his head from a strange angle.

Xia ruofei didn’t even have the time to catch his breath. He didn’t even check on the puppet’s condition. He directly controlled the qushuang flying sword and made a beautiful arc. Together with the blue immortal sword, he attacked the last intermediate gold core puppet.

In at most five seconds, the other puppets would appear at the entrance of the alley.

Xia ruofei used all his strength and even tried to use his mental energy to control the qushuang flying sword and the blue immortal sword to attack the puppet from two different angles according to the noble sword’s moves.

In this one hour of killing, Xia ruofei had pushed himself to the limit. Now, Xia ruofei’s understanding of the special Sword Art in this secret realm was getting deeper and deeper. He could use this Sword Art to control the blue immortal sword and gradually achieve a smooth and seamless control. Although it was not as smooth as controlling the flying sword of the qushuang, he could still use the sword technique of the noble Sword.

The noble sword’s sword techniques were very exquisite, and its attack angles were often inconceivable. In addition, the two flying swords were attacking at the same time, so the puppet immediately found it hard to hold on.

Xia ruofei did not stay idle either. He also launched a fierce attack on the puppet. His attacks were often focused on the weak points of the puppet’s defense, making it look even more pathetic.

Four seconds, three seconds, two seconds ...

When there was only one second left, Xia ruofei finally found a fatal flaw. The qushuang flying sword and the blue immortal sword slashed the puppet’s neck from two different angles. The puppet’s head flew off instantly.

At this moment, Xia ruofei’s spiritual power had already detected that the two fastest late – Stage golden core puppets were about to appear at the entrance of the alley.

After killing the puppet, he did not hesitate at all. With a wave of his hand, a black shadow flew over the wall next to the dead end.

At the same time, his figure disappeared into thin air. After the two flying swords slashed the two puppets ‘necks, Xia ruofei immediately kept them and disappeared without a trace.

Naturally, Xia ruofei had tossed out a spirit map scroll. He had already scouted this dead end before he entered it. The innermost part of this dead end was the backyard of a dilapidated house. It was overgrown with weeds. His spiritual power had also detected that there were no puppets in the house. He did not know if the house was abandoned or if the puppets had left the house to search for Xia ruofei.

When he attacked the three puppets, he had already thought it through. Even if they issued a warning, he had to continue attacking. He had to kill them before the other puppets arrived to rescue him. Otherwise, his act of taking out the spirit map and hiding in the courtyard next door would not be able to escape the puppets.

Although the three puppets were much more difficult to deal with than he had expected, it was a good thing that he was not in any danger. In the end, he managed to kill them at the last moment.

The puppet was about to reach the entrance of the alley, so Xia ruofei did not have much time to think. He threw the painting out. Fortunately, he had precise control and the painting fell into a dense bush.

As soon as Xia ruofei disappeared, the two late – Stage golden elixir realm puppets arrived at the entrance of the alley.

When they saw the corpse that Xia ruofei had left behind after killing the puppet, their expressions changed and they hurried over.

It was not that Xia ruofei did not want to destroy the corpses. He had tried to put the puppets he had killed into the spirit map space before. On one hand, it was to avoid leaving any traces and alerting the other puppets. On the other hand, he also had a glimmer of hope that he would have the opportunity to study this puppet in the future. Perhaps he could repair it and put it into use in the spirit map space. These puppets were indeed a little stupid, but no matter how stupid they were, they were still golden core puppets! It was much better to be a Coolie in the medium than those ordinary people.

However, it was impossible for such an obvious bug to exist. The corpses of these puppets simply couldn’t be stored in storage magic treasures. It was obvious that the Almighty who set up this trial Pagoda had long considered this.

Hence, when Xia ruofei was assassinating the puppets, he had hidden their bodies in the grass or bushes to cover up his tracks.

It had happened in a flash just now, so he obviously didn’t have time to do these things. He could only hide in the spirit map space to avoid detection, and the three puppets ‘bodies were left in place.

The two late Jindan puppets rushed to the scene of the assassination and investigated with shock and anger on their faces. At the same time, more puppets rushed over from different places and soon surrounded the alley. Many puppets even jumped onto the courtyard wall and searched around.

If Xia ruofei did not have the spirit map, he would not have been able to escape in such a short period of time. Furthermore, he would have become a bigger target if he had jumped onto the wall and would have been discovered by the puppets even faster.

Now, the puppets were using this dead end as the center to look for Xia ruofei. Where could they find him?

The puppets didn’t notice the spirit painting scroll hidden in the grass at all.

As soon as Xia ruofei entered the spirit map space, he released his spiritual power and kept an eye on the situation outside.

He saw the puppets running around like headless flies, but they couldn’t find him at all. He couldn’t help but show a smug smile.

The battle just now had been extremely dangerous. If he had been just a little bit slower, he would have been exposed to the sight of the two puppets who had arrived the earliest. If that had happened, he would not have had the chance to hide in the spirit map space.

Xia ruofei stood on the top of the mountain in the mountain sea realm of the spirit map space, patiently waiting for the puppets to leave. If these puppets could not find their target, it was impossible for them to continue gathering here.

At this moment, Xia ruofei’s spiritual power sensed a powerful aura approaching rapidly from a distance. His expression froze and he quickly retracted his spiritual power ...𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com