Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

3300 The wonderful journey of the spirit painting scroll (1)

Xia ruofei was almost certain that it was a nascent Soul Stage puppet. He retracted his spiritual power without hesitation. However, as he was the owner of the spirit map space, he could still see what was going on outside. It was just that the coverage was not as wide as his spiritual power. It was basically within the range of a normal person’s vision.

Therefore, Xia ruofei was still spying on the outside world. However, he could not spread out his spiritual power as freely as before. Now, he was just looking outside. His field of vision was very narrow and he could not sense anything further.

Xia ruofei saw a white – haired old man dressed in coarse clothes jump into the overgrown courtyard. His eyes were as sharp as an Eagle’s as he scanned the area from left to right.

His gaze quickly fell on the spirit map scroll hidden in the grass.

The little old man’s brows furrowed slightly as he walked over.

Xia ruofei’s heart clenched, but there was nothing he could do. He could only watch as the old man approached the painting step by step.

Although the old man did not show any cultivation, the strong aura on his body made Xia ruofei not dare to try his luck. He knew very well that this old man must be one of the two original infant stage puppets.

Now, it was obvious that the other party had their eyes on the spirit map. Even if Xia ruofei suddenly appeared from the spirit map, he would not have the confidence to escape from the hands of a nascent Soul Stage puppet. Moreover, he would have completely exposed the spirit map and would not have any more trump cards.

Xia ruofei looked at the old man nervously.

The little old man dressed in coarse cloth split the grass apart and ran straight for the spirit map scroll.

Very quickly, the spirit painting was revealed to the little old man.

The little old man’s face carried a trace of doubt as he reached out and grabbed the spirit painting scroll.

Xia ruofei’s heart was about to jump out of his chest. It was the first time he had encountered such a dangerous situation since he obtained the spirit map.

The spirit painting scroll was his most important trump card. Now that it was in the hands of the other party, he was in a rather passive position.

The little old man took the painting and studied it for a long time. A curious look gradually appeared on his face. Then, he slowly unfurled the painting ...

Xia ruofei’s heart sank. He subconsciously thought of something and disappeared from the peak of the mountain. He entered the stone chamber in the cave.

This was because he knew very well that the contents of the spirit map scroll would reveal the situation of the mountain and sea realm in the spirit map space. At the same time, there was also a corner in the scroll that displayed the situation of the Archean realm.

If he continued to stay on the mountain peak, he would be displayed in the spirit painting scroll. He couldn’t guarantee that the little old man wouldn’t notice the details in the painting scroll. If he was recognized by the little old man, he would definitely attract a lot of attention, and he might never be able to get back the spirit painting scroll again.

Although Xia ruofei had entered the stone chamber, he could still sense the situation outside. He did not dare to relax for even a moment as he kept an eye on the little old man’s every move. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Xia ruofei believed that as long as he didn’t appear in the painting, the old man wouldn’t feel anything wrong with the mountain sea realm herb gardens, rice fields, or even the ginseng of the Archean realm.

The little old man held the spirit painting scroll and was really interested in the contents presented on it, carefully looking from left to right.

Fortunately, the picture presented by the spirit painting scroll would be fixed at the moment it was unfolded. It should be known that the free labor captured from the assassin organization was still working in the paddy fields. If the picture was dynamic, what the little old man saw would not be a picture, but a dynamic movie.

Xia ruofei was also glad that he had made the decision to hide in the stone room in the cave. The screen only showed the entrance of the stone room, and the situation inside was not shown.

If he had been a little later just now, he would definitely have been left in the image.

At that time, if the little old man recognized him, it would be hard to predict what the outcome would be.

However, the current situation made Xia ruofei very nervous. The old man was looking too closely like a child who had seen an extremely fun toy and was reluctant to put it down.

Xia ruofei cursed in his heart.

Perhaps the old man did not realize that the painting had anything to do with Xia ruofei. However, even if he was just interested in the painting, it was still a pain in the ass.

Xia ruofei had a bad feeling.

Sure enough, after the little old man finally finished looking at it, he slowly rolled up the painting scroll and then actually put it on his belt, obviously wanting to keep it for himself.

Xia ruofei could not help but feel anxious.

However, he had no other choice. The difference between the nascent Soul Stage and the Golden core stage was huge. If Xia ruofei broke through to the late golden core stage, he might be able to fight against the nascent Soul Stage cultivators. Even if he was in the late golden core stage, it would be extremely difficult for him to defeat ordinary cultivators in the early nascent Soul Stage. As for him, who was only in the early Aurous core stage, he had no hope of posing a threat to a nascent soul cultivator, let alone taking the spirit map scroll from a nascent soul cultivator and retreating in one piece.

Hence, Xia ruofei could only watch helplessly as the old man in coarse clothes inserted the spirit map scroll into his belt.