Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

34  Too Delicious

The sweet juice flowed into Ling Qingxue's cherry mouth. She felt her entire body tremble. All her taste buds seemed to be cheering at this moment. She couldn't help but swallow it in big mouthfuls. Then, she took a deep breath and said in disbelief.

"This… is too delicious!"

With that, she completely disregarded her ladylike image and ate an entire tomato in big mouthfuls. Then, she asked impatiently. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

"Ruofei, where did you buy these tomatoes? Do you have more?"

Xia Ruofei saw that there was still some red tomato juice around Ling Qingxue's mouth. He couldn't help but smile and hand over a tissue.

"You still want to eat it? Don't you want to have lunch?"

Ling Qingxue smiled in embarrassment. After wiping her face clean, she said.

"Who says I'm going to eat it? I'm trying to understand where it came from, okay? Don't forget what my family does…"

Xia Ruofei smiled mysteriously and said.

"I'll tell you at lunch! Miss Ling, take a break first! You can play with the computer. I'll prepare lunch for you!"

"Oh…" Ling Qingxue pouted and said, "You're still keeping me in suspense… But seeing that you're so solicitous in preparing lunch for me, I'll tolerate it! Go, go…"

Xia Ruofei laughed and left the room.

He first went to the public bathroom and carefully locked the door. After carefully checking that it was safe, he took out the spiritual map and entered the space with a thought.

Xia Ruofei quickly went to the area where the "super vegetables" were stored. He chose a few vegetables and packed them in a basket, then left the space with the basket. It only took two to three minutes.

After carefully hiding the spiritual map, Xia Ruofei carried the basket of vegetables to the communal kitchen and started working.

Xia Ruofei only had a small induction cooker and a few noodles and eggs left. However, with the "super vegetables" produced in the space, it was enough for lunch.

The only flaw was that there were no meat dishes. However, a beautiful girl like Ling Qingxue must be very concerned about her figure. She probably wouldn't mind not eating meat.

After preparing for more than half an hour, Xia Ruofei had made a total of four dishes: cucumber salad, braised eggplant, stir-fried romaine lettuce, and scrambled eggs with tomatoes. As for the main dishes, he had made two large bowls of noodles. Of course, he did not forget to add the vegetables produced in the space.

Xia Ruofei placed the four dishes on the table one by one, then pushed one of the bowls of noodles to Ling Qingxue and said with a smile.

"The place is simple, so I just made a few dishes. Don't mind them!"

Ling Qingxue lowered her head slightly and said.

"Everything tastes good when I eat with you!"

Xia Ruofei immediately felt awkward and did not dare to continue the conversation. He quickly changed the topic and said.

"Come, come! Let's eat! Taste my cooking!"

Ling Qingxue gave Xia Ruofei a resentful look, but when her gaze fell on the four dishes, she could not help but look surprised. These four dishes were all very good-looking. The emerald green vegetables and tender cucumbers made one's index finger itch.

Ling Qingxue forgot about her disappointment and picked up her chopsticks to place a piece of cucumber into her mouth. She chewed slowly with her eyes closed and a look of enjoyment appeared on her face. Then, she picked up a piece of every dish and savored it carefully.

After a while, Ling Qingxue praised.

"Ruofei, this… I've never eaten such delicious vegetables! Your cooking is amazing!"

Xia Ruofei smiled smugly and chuckled.

"That's of course!"

Ling Qingxue took another bite of tomato with scrambled eggs and frowned.

"No… this egg is a little old…"

She immediately ate a few more mouthfuls of eggplant and vegetables. Suddenly she came to a realization and said.

"Ruofei, I was almost deceived by you. It must be because of the ingredients! The ingredients you used must be extraordinary! And that tomato you gave me just now… Tell me honestly, where did you get such good ingredients?"

Xia Ruofei laughed.

"As expected of the little princess of Ling Ji's restaurant chain! I really can't hide it from you! Eat first! I'll tell you after eating!"

Seeing that Xia Ruofei was keeping her in suspense, Ling Qingxue glared at him unhappily. However, she still could not resist the temptation of delicious food. The two of them cleared the noodles and vegetables like a whirlwind.

Ling Qingxue touched her stomach without caring about her image and said coquettishly.

"I ate too much… It's all your fault! I finally lost one kilogram! Now I'm going to gain back…"

Xia Ruofei chuckled and said.

"You're in great shape. Why would you need to lose weight?"

Ling Qingxue looked delighted.

"Really? You really think I'm in good shape?"

Xia Ruofei touched his nose awkwardly and changed the topic.

"Er… didn't you just want to know the origin of my ingredients?"

This topic was obviously interesting to Ling Qingxue, and her thoughts immediately shifted to this side. She quickly asked.

"Yes, yes, yes… Tell me quickly, where did you buy all these vegetables and fruits? I'll get the company's procurement department to buy some too! We need premium ingredients too much now!"

Xia Ruofei had already found an excuse and said with a smile.

"Then I'm afraid you'll be disappointed… These vegetables can't be bought on the market at all. A friend of mine who does research on new varieties of vegetables gave them to me. They're their latest products and haven't been released to the market yet!"

"Is that so?" Ling Qingxue was slightly disappointed.

Recently, the sales of Ling Ji's Restaurant chainhad fallen a little. As for their main competitor, Ming Hao Restaurant, they had poached a famous chef to serve as the executive head chef. It was said that his ancestors were once imperial chefs in the palace. The restaurant had launched several signature dishes at once, and their sales had soared.

The young master of the restaurant chain was Lu Wen, the little fatty who had teamed up with Liu Ling Qingxue was sincerely happy for Xia Ruofei and she said.

15:46

"Ruofei, this project is definitely worth investing in! You have good taste!"

Minghao at the Immortal Succulent Store that day.

Ling Qingxue had been worrying about the decline of the company's business recently. That day, she suddenly discovered such good ingredients and saw a glimmer of hope to break out of her predicament. She did not expect Xia Ruofei to tell her that it was still in the research stage and had not been mass-produced. She was naturally quite disappointed.

At this moment, Xia Ruo changed the topic and said.

"But my friend can still do it in small batches. Miss Ling, are you interested in a collaboration?"

When Ling Qingxue heard this, she immediately felt a glimmer of hope. She shouted in surprise.

"Of course I am! Ruofei, where is that friend of yours? Take me to him now!"

Even if it was just a small-scale supply, it was no different from providing timely help to Ling Ji's Restaurant. Moreover, this new vegetable was meant to be used for high-end users. It was not a big deal if there was a small quantity. The rarer something was, the more precious it was! Its main function was still to be used as the Ling Ji's Restaurant's signature product. To put it bluntly, it was used for their reputation.

Xia Ruofei smiled and said.

"Speaking of which, I'm still working with him. I can be his representative."

Ling Qingxue was even happier when she heard that. Then, she revealed a look of realization and asked.

"So you sold your house some time ago to raise money to invest in this new vegetable variety project?"

Xia Ruofei was stunned for a moment, but since Ling Qingxue had misunderstood, he went with the flow and said vaguely.

"Something like that…"

After saying that, Xia Ruofei thought to himself, 'I'll definitely invest a lot of money in super vegetables in the future. This shouldn't be considered a lie…'

Ling Qingxue was sincerely happy for Xia Ruofei and she said.

"Ruofei, this project is definitely worth investing in! You have good taste!"

Xia Ruofei chuckled and said.

"Of course!"

Ling Qingxue then asked.

"Ruofei, how many of these new vegetables can your friend provide us at most?"

After saying that, Ling Qingxue looked at Xia Ruofei expectantly…