Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

3304 Tower of Trials “second floor_

Although the two puppets were more powerful than Xia ruofei, Xia ruofei was riding a flying sword while they were chasing him on the ground. Naturally, they could not catch up with him.

The two golems bellowed in rage, and soon, the other golems were alerted as well. Besides, Xia ruofei did not hide his tracks on purpose this time, so the puppets soon discovered him.

In a short while, a long tail was following behind Xia ruofei.

Xia ruofei could see through the vision of the perceptual mirror that there were many intermediate and advanced Aurous core puppets behind him. The weaker puppets had all been slaughtered by him. He could not help but feel a little scared.

Fortunately, through the perceptual mirror, he also knew that he had completed the mission of the first level of the Tower of Trials. The passage to the second level had been opened. As long as he rushed over, he could enter the second level, and these puppets would naturally be unable to do anything to him.

Xia ruofei’s sword Kinesis flight was extremely fast. Even though there were puppets blocking his way, he had been releasing his spiritual power all the time, so he could always avoid them in advance.

Even though he had to take a detour, he could avoid direct contact with the other puppets.

In a short while, Xia ruofei had already gone around true yang temple.

He even took the time to look inside and found that there was no one inside. Not only was old Daoist Zhen Yang nowhere to be seen, even the Daoist child Qing Feng was nowhere to be found.

Xia ruofei rode on the qushuang flying sword and quickly saw the big tree.

At that moment, a door of light appeared on the tree. It was similar to the door of light that Xia ruofei and the others had used to enter the Mystic realm on the moon.

Xia ruofei knew that this must be the entrance to the second floor. He couldn’t help but feel happy.

At this time, a furious roar suddenly came from the direction of the mini town. Immediately after, a terrifying aura approached the entrance of the second floor at an extremely fast speed.

Xia ruofei’s expression turned serious. He quickly activated his sword technique and increased his speed. He pounced towards the door of the light curtain on the big tree.

Xia ruofei was like a swallow passing through the forest. He stepped on his flying sword and entered the door of the light curtain. The moment he entered the second floor, Xia ruofei kept his qushuang flying sword.

From the corner of his eye, he saw that the moment he entered the second level, the nascent Soul Stage puppet wearing a coarse shirt was charging towards him with a furious expression.

Obviously, this old original infant stage puppet had already discovered that the spirit map had been stolen. Once he came out, he realized that Xia ruofei was the person they were after, so he was even more shocked and angry.

Xia ruofei even saw the old man swing the iron rod in his hand and hit the big tree.

However, this clearly wasn’t a real tree. As the entrance to the second level of the Tower of Trials, the tree was obviously not something that could be easily destroyed. Thus, before the old man puppet’s iron pestle could even touch the tree, a layer of light film appeared around the tree, bouncing the iron pestle back.

Immediately after, Xia ruofei felt the world before his eyes spin and he arrived at another place.

He felt lucky in his heart. If he had been half a second later, he would definitely not have been able to escape.

The old puppet’s angry attack was unimaginably powerful. If Xia ruofei had not entered the second level of the Tower of Trials, he would not have been able to Dodge it. If the iron pestle had even touched him, he would have broken his bones.

At the same time, Xia ruofei felt a sense of fear. He was in the final stage of the mission and did not have much time to hide his whereabouts. If this old original infant stage puppet had discovered him a little earlier, he would have been dead.

Thinking of this, Xia ruofei could not help but worry about the safety of the other members of the exploration team, especially Ling Qingxue.

Although old Daoist Zhen Yang had said that Ling Qingxue was safe, that was only when Xia ruofei asked her. She was temporarily safe. If Ling Qingxue was faced with the same mission at the first level of the trial Pagoda, it would not be easy for her to complete it. Furthermore, if there was a slip – up, her life might be in danger.

Xia ruofei could only suppress the worry in his heart and deal with the current situation first. He would head up as much as possible and might meet Ling Qingxue and the others. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

His most urgent thought was naturally to meet up with Ling Qingxue.

In that case, with the spirit painting, he could at least guarantee Ling Qingxue’s safety.

Now that Xia ruofei was on the second level of the Tower of Trials, he did not dare to let his guard down since the first level was already so difficult. He did not dare to be distracted at this time, so he quickly got rid of all distracting thoughts and carefully observed his surroundings.

Xia ruofei soon realized that he was in a dense forest. He released his spiritual power to investigate out of habit but found that his spiritual power was suppressed here.

On the first floor of the Tower of Trials, his spiritual power Search range was basically no different from the outside world. It could almost cover the entire first floor of the Tower of Trials.

However, after coming to the second floor, he found that even if he used all his strength, his mental power could only extend to about two kilometers. This was much less than the range of his mental power detection under normal circumstances.

Besides, Xia ruofei was surprised to find that the second floor of the trial Pagoda was much larger than he had imagined.

It was at least more than two kilometers, because his spiritual power had been expanded to the extreme, but he still hadn’t touched the boundary of the trial Pagoda.

From the outside, the trial Pagoda’s first level should be the largest, and the higher one went, the smaller the area.

In theory, the second floor should be smaller than the first floor.