Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

3305 Tower of Trials “second floor (2)

However, the area that Xia ruofei’s spiritual power could detect was already much larger than the first level of the trial Pagoda.

Xia ruofei took out his flying sword and stepped on it. He wanted to go to a higher place to see how big the second floor was.

As soon as he activated his sword technique, Xia ruofei realized that it was harder to fly on a sword than on the first floor.

Although it wasn’t to the extent of being confined to the ground, the consumption of his mental power and vital Qi was several times higher than when he was on the first floor.

And after flying, it became much more difficult to control the flying sword.

It was as if the sword had suddenly become several times heavier. Xia ruofei was not used to it and even his posture became clumsy.

The forest was almost completely covered by tall trees, and the visibility was very low. Xia ruofei rode his sword to the top of the tree and looked around. He realized that the dense forest seemed to be endless.

Xia ruofei knew that there was a boundary to the trial Pagoda. However, the boundary was too big for him to see. Naturally, he did not know which direction to go.

But at least he was sure that the second floor of the trial Pagoda was much larger than he had expected.

Obviously, although the trial Pagoda was divided into many levels, they might not actually be in the same space. The size of each level that was seen from the outside was actually an error in estimation.

Xia ruofei lowered his flying sword and returned to the ground.

He didn’t know why, but he felt uneasy in the air, as if something dangerous was spying on him.

Xia ruofei had felt this kind of danger a few times in his career in the Army. It turned out that his senses were quite sharp. Xia ruofei had faced a life – and – Death crisis a few times, and one of them was the time when Hu Zi had been sacrificed.

Hence, when the alarm went off, Xia ruofei immediately returned to the ground, fully alert.

At this moment, a voice was heard in Xia ruofei’s mind.””Tower of Trials 2nd level mission, kill 100 middle level star beasts. [Mission description: there are 510 star beasts on the second floor. Among them, 300 are elementary, 200 are intermediate, and 10 are advanced.] Elementary star beasts were equivalent to the strength of a Qi layer cultivator, and so on. Intermediate star beasts were equivalent to golden core stage cultivators, and advanced star beasts were equivalent to nascent Soul Stage cultivators. The current record for an Aurous core stage cultivator to pass the second level of the Tower of Trials is 2 hours. ”

Hearing this, Xia ruofei raised his eyebrows. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

This time, the Tower of Trials was more straightforward in issuing the mission. It directly transmitted the mission requirements to his mind without arranging any other story or plot.

At the same time, Xia ruofei was full of admiration for the powerful cultivator who set up this trial Pagoda. Obviously, this powerful cultivator’s cultivation had reached a level that Xia ruofei could not imagine.

Of course, Xia ruofei was also curious and suspicious. He did not know what a star Beast was. He had a lot of cultivation books in his mind that came directly from the Jade talisman of inheritance, but none of them had any records of a Star Beast.

What the hell was this? Xia ruofei muttered to himself.

After the mysterious voice passed the message to Xia ruofei, a floating box of the mission progress appeared in Xia ruofei’s perceptual view. It showed 0/100 and a countdown timer appeared, starting from four hours.

Xia ruofei was also very curious about the Star Beast.

Of course, he soon got the answer. Yingying had just received the mission, and his mental power had sensed something approaching him from about two kilometers away.

Xia ruofei used his spiritual power to investigate and saw that the monster looked like a Badger on earth, but it was covered in hard scales and had a single horn on its head. The monster’s eyes were slightly squinted. When it opened its eyes, one could see Starlight flowing in its eyes, as if there was a bright Galaxy in its eyes.

Just as Xia ruofei’s spiritual power discovered this monster, a line of words appeared in his perception mirror: “, equivalent to the strength of a Qi cultivation Level 3.”

Seeing this, Xia ruofei’s spirit was lifted. He knew that this was a Star Beast.

In Xia ruofei’s eyes, a third Qi layer cultivator was too weak to withstand a single blow. However, Xia ruofei did not dare to let his guard down.

He sensed that this primary star Beast was running straight towards him. His expression suddenly became serious and he became fully alert.

Normally, a monster in the Qi refining stage wouldn’t attract Xia ruofei’s attention. However, he knew nothing about the second floor of the trial Pagoda. He also didn’t know if his strength would be greatly suppressed. Besides, there were also 10 star beasts that were equivalent to nascent soul cultivators. He didn’t know if they would appear at any time.

Moreover, when Xia ruofei was flying on his sword to the top of the tree, he felt a dangerous aura. It was very likely from a Star Beast. As for what level the Star Beast was, Xia ruofei had no idea.

He used the advantage of his spiritual power to carefully move his body, hoping not to encounter the astral beast.

However, Xia ruofei realized that as soon as he changed his position, the astral beast would change its direction accordingly and always approach Xia ruofei. This made Xia ruofei even more alert.

Could it be that this Star beast’s perception was extremely sharp? To be able to lock onto a target from such a long distance wasn’t something a Qi condensation cultivator could do, but a Star Beast could.

After a few attempts, Xia ruofei simply gave up on avoiding the Suan ni. It was just a Qi refining Star Beast anyway, so he might as well face it head – on.

After making up his mind, Xia ruofei advanced towards the Star Beast.

In a short while, the Star Beast with scales all over its body appeared in front of Xia ruofei.

After seeing Xia ruofei, the Star Beast didn’t rush up to attack him. Instead, it stood in place and stared at Xia ruofei with its Starry Eyes.

Xia ruofei didn’t rush forward either. He just stood there quietly. However, he had already taken out the qushuang flying sword. It was now floating beside him. The tip of the sword trembled slightly as it was pointed at the Star Beast. It was ready to launch a fierce attack at any time.

After a few seconds, the astral beast took a few more steps forward.

Xia ruofei immediately became alert. He controlled the qushuang flying sword and was about to stab forward.

At this moment, the astral beast, which was about five meters away from Xia ruofei, stopped again. It opened its mouth and spat out a Pearl. Then, it used its long mouth to push the Pearl in Xia ruofei’s direction.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but be stunned. What was this?

Before he could react, the Star Beast had already turned around and ran towards the dense forest.

Xia ruofei hesitated for a moment. He didn’t control the flying sword to chase after Tao Wu. After all, his mission was to kill an intermediate Star Beast. This was only a primary star Beast. Killing it wouldn’t help him in his mission.

Moreover, the Star Beast’s appearance was strange. Since it had left on its own, Xia ruofei would not act rashly.

The Star Beast quickly disappeared from Xia ruofei’s spiritual perception range.

This made Xia ruofei even more fearful. If a beginner – Level Star Beast could be so fast, then wouldn’t a golden core – Stage intermediate – Level Star Beast be even faster?

In this case, it would be somewhat difficult to rely on the crooked Frost Flying sword and the blue immortal sword to sneak attack and kill the middle – rank Star Beast.

Xia ruofei looked at the bead that the Star Beast had left behind and walked forward carefully.

The Star Beast’s body language was very obvious. It wanted Xia ruofei to take the Pearl. It didn’t seem like it was here to attack Xia ruofei, but to deliver something.

However, the Star Beast was Xia ruofei’s main opponent on the second level of the trial Pagoda. Would the item it sent be dangerous?

If this was a scheme and Xia ruofei went up rashly and was ambushed by the Pearl, it would be a joke.

Xia ruofei tried to use the perceptual mirror to check the situation of the Pearl. He was just giving it a try. Unexpectedly, when he scanned it with the perceptual mirror, a line of information immediately appeared in Xia ruofei’s vision ...

...