3307 Elemental storage Pearl (2)

The elemental storage Pearl greedily absorbed the elemental energy that Xia ruofei was releasing. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Xia ruofei kept transferring his energy into the energy storage Pearl.

When his vital Qi was about to be exhausted, he would sit down cross – legged and start cultivating to recover.

The spiritual Qi in this space was very dense. Xia ruofei did not even need to waste spiritual crystals or origin crystals.

Because the time flow in the time formation was very different from the outside world, Xia ruofei was not in a hurry. Naturally, he could not bear to use spiritual crystals and origin crystals, which were rare cultivation resources.

The spirit Qi in the Archean realm rapidly surged towards the time array flag. Due to the difference in the flow of time, a huge amount of spirit Qi was consumed per unit of time.

Fortunately, Xia ruofei did not usually cultivate in the interspace. Besides, the interspace had been upgraded so many times that the concentration of spiritual Qi was much higher than before. Hence, it did not affect the interspace much even if he cultivated once or twice.

Xia ruofei had used up all his elemental energy four times. Finally, on the fifth time, the elemental storage Pearl was filled to the brim before he could cultivate again to recover.

Xia ruofei held the energy storage Pearl in his hand. Although the energy storage Pearl did not become heavier after absorbing the energy, Xia ruofei still felt that this treasure was very heavy.

He gently tossed the energy storage Pearl and thought to himself that he would have enough energy to use this time!

After filling the energy storage Pearl, Xia ruofei was not in a hurry to leave.

He sat in the time formation and analyzed the situation on the second floor step by step.

First of all, Xia ruofei was almost certain that the ultimate Star Beast he was going to deal with was most likely a puppet.

He had already made this judgment when he saw the Star Beast uncharacteristically coming over to deliver something.

Xia ruofei didn’t know if there was really a monster like the astral beast, but it was very obvious that the astral beast had obediently come over to give him the prize and didn’t attack Xia ruofei at all.

If this was a real astral beast, it wouldn’t listen to a human’s command at all, let alone give away a prize.

Secondly, Xia ruofei felt that even though the star beasts were extremely fast, he should still try to use a sneak attack. He should try to kill a group of star beasts first to avoid being attacked by a group.

Xia ruofei used his spiritual power to check and found that there were no astral beasts in a two – kilometer radius.

Xia ruofei knew that it would not be easy to expect the Star Beast to come to him. He had to take the initiative to find it.

Otherwise, as time passed, it would be very difficult to break the record.

With this in mind, Xia ruofei decisively left the spirit map space and kept the spirit map scroll in his body.

After that, he randomly chose a direction and started to explore. Xi Jue had flown up to the treetops to investigate just now, but he didn’t find anything. Thus, he could only try his luck.

In addition, he had felt his heart palpitate when he was at the top of the tree, so even though he was still searching forward on his flying sword, he had been flying close to the ground the whole time, and did not dare to rashly go higher.

He had a faint feeling that if he stayed in the air for a long time, he would be in great danger.

Xia ruofei controlled the qushuang flying sword and nimbly avoided the trees and other obstacles in the dense forest. He continued to explore forward.

The maximum range of his mental power was only about two kilometers.

After flying close to the ground for about three minutes, a Star Beast suddenly appeared in Xia ruofei’s spiritual power domain.

His spirit was immediately roused, and he began to control the flying sword even more carefully. Without even making a sound, he quietly approached the Star Beast.

At the same time, Xia ruofei also used the perceptual mirror to check the Star Beast’s condition.

As long as it was within the range of his spiritual power or vision, the perceptual mirror could detect specific information.

Xia ruofei used the perceptual mirror to scan and was immediately disappointed. Yingying was only a primary star Beast and would not be of any help in completing the mission.

However, Xia ruofei still decided to attack the Star Beast.

This was because no matter if it was an elementary Star Beast, an intermediate Star Beast, or even an even more powerful advanced star Beast, they were all the same species. Xia ruofei knew nothing about astral beasts. Although this beginner – Level astral beast could not improve his progress, it could give him some information.

Hence, Xia ruofei jumped off the qushuang flying sword and took out the blue immortal sword at the same time. He sneaked towards the primary star Beast in the forest.

That primary star Beast was completely unaware of the impending danger and was still wandering aimlessly in the jungle.

Xia ruofei only stopped when he was about ten meters behind the Star Beast. He held his breath and controlled the qushuang flying sword and the blue immortal sword to approach the Star Beast from both sides.

Immediately after, Xia ruofei used his spiritual energy to grab the blue travel immortal sword. The two flying swords shot out at the same time.

The Star Beast’s reaction speed was very fast, and the soft sound of the flying sword breaking through the air immediately made it vigilant.

The Star Beast shook its head and saw a sharp sword light coming at it.

It immediately stomped on its hind legs, bringing with it a large mass of grass and mud. Its body suddenly rose into the air, and it leaped towards the depths of the forest.

However, it was already too late to escape.

Although the blue travel immortal sword controlled by his mental power missed, the flying sword controlled by his Sword Art nimbly drew an arc in the air, took a shortcut, and firmly stabbed the Star Beast’s neck from the side.

Xia ruofei clearly felt the qushuang flying sword pause for a moment. With some difficulty, it pierced through the Star Beast’s scales and then into its neck.

Blood spurted out, and the Star Beast let out a sorrowful cry. It suddenly fell to the ground, its two hooves desperately stomping on the ground, even digging out a few small pits.

After two minutes, the Star Beast finally stopped breathing.

Xia ruofei had successfully killed a primary star Beast, but there was no joy on his face. On the contrary, his expression was rather solemn.

First of all, a primary star Beast would not help him complete the mission, and there was nothing to be happy about.

Secondly, through this attack, Xia ruofei clearly felt that even if it was just a Star Beast at the beginning of the Qi refining stage, it was not easy to deal with. The Star Beast’s speed and reaction were excellent. If Xia ruofei had not been so skilled in controlling the qushuang flying sword, the Star Beast would have escaped successfully.

It was only a beginner – Level astral beast, and Xia ruofei almost failed. What if it was the target of this mission, an intermediate – Level astral beast? They were definitely stronger than beginner – Level astral beasts in all aspects. Xia ruofei felt that he might not be able to kill intermediate – Level astral beasts with this kind of sneak attack.

Xia ruofei felt that he had to think of other ways. Otherwise, it would be difficult to complete the task, let alone break the record.

One must know that there were many high – Level star beasts of the original infant stage on the second level of the trial Pagoda. If it was not easy to kill mid – level star beasts and even attract high – Level star beasts, then Xia ruofei would be in deep trouble.

He frowned slightly and decided to continue searching.

He couldn’t make a correct judgment just by looking at a primary star Beast, so he decided to try looking for a medium star Beast first. Only after dealing with a medium star Beast would he have a more intuitive judgment.

Before leaving the scene, Xia ruofei tried again, hoping to keep the Star Beast’s body into the spirit map space.

...

However, his attempt still failed. The corpse of the Suan ni Star Beast couldn’t be stored in a storage treasure.

This further confirmed Xia ruofei’s judgment.

He had always thought that the astral beast was a puppet created by the Almighty being who set up the trial Pagoda, and now it seemed that it was true.

Since he couldn’t collect it, Xia ruofei found a quiet place to hide the body.

After that, he continued his search.

After walking for another five minutes, Xia ruofei suddenly saw an intermediate Star Beast ...