Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

3311 A team wipe (2)

Xia ruofei had placed a huge pile of spiritual stones at the core of the formation. If there was a shortage of energy, the spiritual energy in the spiritual stones would be absorbed by the formation.

Therefore, the spiritual stones were piled up into a small mountain at the core of the formation.

It was only a hundred spiritual stones, but the pile of spiritual stones in the shape of a small hill did not change at all. If Xia ruofei had not used his spiritual power to accurately sense the consumption of spiritual stones, there would not have been any change from the outside.

Hence, in order to save time, Xia ruofei increased the power of the formation when he was dealing with the six fish that had escaped the net.

These six star beasts were out of luck.

Previously, the black rays of light had only attacked one star Beast. After Xia ruofei made a hand seal, the black rays of light suddenly appeared in a dense formation and attacked the six intermediate star beasts.

When the six star beasts saw the black rays that were like fine raindrops, their eyes were filled with despair. They had even forgotten that there was no point in dodging under such an all – encompassing attack.

With a series of plopping sounds, the bodies of these star beasts were directly pierced through by many sharp rays of light, leaving several finger – sized wounds on their bodies, causing blood to spray out.

Then, their bodies started to burn.

After a short while, the six star beasts stopped moving. In fact, three of the star beasts were already dead after being pierced by the black light. Because there were too many black lights this time, these three star beasts were unlucky enough to be hit in their vital parts.

Of course, looking at it from another perspective, they should be even luckier, because they did not suffer before they died, and they died almost instantly.

As for the remaining three star beasts, they were still being roasted for a long time before they died in pain.

Xia ruofei saw through the perceptual mirror that the mission progress had increased to 16/100.

He couldn’t help but reveal a satisfied smile, and even snapped his fingers.

He was very satisfied with the power of the formation. Even though the consumption was slightly higher and the power of the formation was increased by several times, Xia ruofei had used up 500 spiritual stones in just a few minutes.

In order to get rid of the remaining star beasts as soon as possible, the spirit stones consumed in less than a minute were almost four times that of the previous ten star beasts.

However, Xia ruofei did not have much other than spiritual stones. The spiritual stones that he had obtained from scholar Yuntai’s storage ring were enough to form a mountain. He did not even bat an eye at the mere consumption of 500 spiritual stones. He did not feel anything at all. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

After dealing with these 16 star beasts, Xia ruofei did not delay any further. If he wanted to break the record, he had to kill at least 84 intermediate star beasts in the remaining hour or so. Time was of the essence.

Therefore, when the last star Beast became a number in his mission progress, he immediately waved his hand and put away the formation materials and spirit stones. Then, his figure flashed, and he stepped on the flying sword and flew close to the ground, quickly escaping into the dense forest.

It should be said that this trap & kill array was very effective against star beasts.

Xia ruofei also discovered that fire attacks seemed to be particularly effective against star beasts. He didn’t know if it was because of the materials used, but the black light produced by the formation would quickly ignite the entire body of the Star Beast once it came into contact with it. It was almost an accurate hit.

However, the formation’s weakness was also very obvious.

They had to make arrangements in advance.

This trap & kill array was a little complicated. Even though Xia ruofei was very familiar with it, he still needed a few minutes to set it up.

It was decided that he couldn’t set up the formation at the last minute after encountering the Star Beast. He could only set it up in advance and wait for the Star Beast to fall into his trap.

In this vast forest, Xia ruofei was not sure where the star beasts were. Even if there were stupid star beasts that ran into the formation, it was a small probability. It was impossible for 84 of them to appear in a row, right?

Hence, Xia ruofei had to take the initiative to attack. It would be best if he could chase away one astral beast and attract a whole bunch of them. Then, he would only need to wait to harvest the mission progress.

Xia ruofei’s figure flickered in and out of view in the dense forest. He was moving forward at a very fast speed.

Of course, he was still on high alert. The forest was full of danger. If Xia ruofei was not careful, he would be at a disadvantage even if it was an intermediate Star Beast, let alone a high – Level one.

After about three minutes, Xia ruofei suddenly stopped.

He was now more and more familiar with the control of the qushuang flying sword. It only took him two seconds to go from extremely fast to extremely still. It was completely seamless.

Within the range of Xia ruofei’s spiritual power, a silly Star Beast appeared.

The astral beast sniffed the surrounding grass while looking left and right as it moved forward.

Xia ruofei wasn’t sure what level this astral beast was, but he could tell that it wasn’t likely to be a high – Level one.

As expected, when Xia ruofei was close enough, the Star Beast’s introduction appeared in his perceptual mirror.

It was indeed a middle – rank astral beast.

Xia ruofei’s heart was slightly happy, and he immediately increased his speed. In fact, even if it was just a primary level Star Beast, Xia ruofei would not hesitate to get close to it. His goal was not to kill this Star Beast, but to use force to make this Star Beast flee. If it was only a primary level Star Beast, he would definitely go easy on it, giving it a chance to escape.

If it was a high – Level astral beast, what was Xia ruofei’s point of consideration? He should quickly wipe his head and escape.

Xia ruofei’s luck was not bad. It was a middle – rank astral beast.

As the distance between the two got closer, Xia ruofei also summoned the blue travel immortal sword. He directly used his spiritual power to grab it and continued to move in the direction of the middle – Level Star Beast.

Very quickly, the intermediate Star Beast also noticed Xia ruofei.

It let out a deep roar and then ran towards Xia ruofei.

Xia ruofei jumped off the flying sword and pointed his finger. The qushuang flying sword and the blue immortal sword let out a Dragon’s Roar at the same time and whizzed towards the Star Beast.

At the same time, a wavering flame appeared in Xia ruofei’s palm. Controlling fire was not a high – end function. Xia ruofei had long been able to do this.

Xia ruofei waved his hand and the flame flew towards the Star Beast.

Compared to the speed of the flying sword, the flame was like a turtle.

Of course, Xia ruofei didn’t want to take the Star Beast’s life at once, so he wasn’t in a hurry.

The flying sword of qushuang was the fastest. It directly attacked the Star Beast from the front, followed by the blue immortal sword. However, it made a beautiful arc and attacked the Star Beast from the right side.

The Star Beast showed no fear at all. Xia ruofei even felt that the Star Beast’s eyes were filled with mockery.

Seeing this, Xia ruofei was even more furious. He was actually despised by a puppet astral beast.

The Star Beast nimbly dodged the qushuang flying sword and the blue immortal sword. Just as it was about to attack Xia ruofei, the flame arrived.

There was a trace of fear in the Star Beast’s eyes, but it didn’t escape immediately. After hesitating for a moment, it dodged to the side.

Xia ruofei saw all of this. He was even more certain of his judgment. This astral beast seemed to be naturally afraid of fire.

Xia ruofei didn’t look into the reason. Instead, he focused on controlling the two flying swords and the flame with his spiritual power, attacking the Star Beast with three different thoughts.

...

In fact, this flame was much weaker than the black light of the array. However, the astral beast seemed to be very afraid of the flame. There were a few times when it had the chance to break through the attack line and directly attack Xia ruofei. However, it seemed to be frightened by this small flame and was a little timid.

Naturally, Xia ruofei would not let go of this opportunity. His attacks became fiercer ...