Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

3314 High – Level astral beast (1)

Xia ruofei gritted his teeth and pushed the speed of the qushuang flying sword to the maximum. However, after ten minutes, the high – Level Star Beast was still getting closer and closer. Now, it was only two to three meters away from Xia ruofei.

Xia ruofei’s energy consumption was huge as well. Fortunately, he had the energy storage Pearl and had stored enough energy. Otherwise, he would have been out of energy.

Even so, Xia ruofei felt a great sense of danger.

That high – Level astral beast must have used its maximum speed. Otherwise, at such a close distance, if it charged again and increased its speed, it would be able to attack Xia ruofei directly.

Fortunately, astral beasts didn’t have any long – range attacks. Otherwise, Xia ruofei wouldn’t be able to survive even if he had nine lives.

Of course, if the high – Level Star Beast could really launch a long – range attack, he would definitely not care about anything else and hide in the spirit map space first. He was still quite confident in the spirit map scroll. He felt that even if the high – Level Star Beast saw him hiding in the spirit map scroll, it would most likely not be able to destroy the scroll.

After a series of difficult escape and detours, Xia ruofei finally set up the trap & kill array.

Under such circumstances, he was naturally unable to adjust the array.

Fortunately, he had already set up the same array several times while hunting the intermediate Star Beast today. In addition, he had designed the array himself, so it could be said that he was very familiar with it. Even in such a high – speed state, the probability of making a mistake was very small.

After setting up the formation, Xia ruofei did not have time to think about anything else. He roughly determined the direction and plunged into the pre – Set range of the formation.

The high – Level astral beast did not hesitate and followed Xia ruofei closely.

In fact, the high – Level Star Beast was already infuriated. A golden core stage human cultivator could actually run so fast. In front of the Star Beast, which was known for its speed, it had been running for ten minutes and still hadn’t been caught. This was simply a disgrace to the Star Beast race.

Especially when it was a noble high – Level astral beast.

Besides, this high – Level astral beast did not know what the things that Xia ruofei threw out occasionally were for. It thought that he had lost his way and thrown things randomly.

Xia ruofei and the high – Level astral beast, one chasing and the other escaping, entered the range of the array in the blink of an eye.

Xia ruofei had already prepared the seal. As soon as he entered the range of the array, he immediately activated the trap and kill array.

At this moment, the high – Level Star Beast had also caught up. The timing was just right.

After Xia ruofei activated the formation, he immediately turned in the direction that he had calculated earlier.

After the high – Level astral beast was trapped in the formation, it suddenly felt that everything was white and it had lost track of Xia ruofei.

This sudden change made the high – Level Star Beast even more furious.

Originally, it thought that dealing with a human golden core stage cultivator would be easy. It didn’t expect that this human cultivator could actually ride a flying sword in the trial Pagoda. As a result, its speed advantage, which it was most proud of, was not fully displayed. Then, it inexplicably fell into an array and completely lost him.

The high – Level astral beast roared madly, and its huge claws slammed forward heavily. Suddenly, a cloud of dust flew up, and a large pit was smashed into the ground.

After Xia ruofei activated the formation, he immediately distanced himself from the high – Level astral beast and paid close attention to its every move.

Now that this high – Level Star Beast was in the array, he could easily grasp its whereabouts.

Xia ruofei could not help but frown when he saw the high – Level astral beast’s angry attack, which had created a huge pit in the ground.

The destructive power of a high – Level astral beast was indeed extraordinary. The attack power of a medium – Level astral beast was simply not on the same level.

Although the Star Beast attacked randomly in the formation, once it hit the key nodes of the formation by chance, it would still cause damage to the formation.

The first few times the formation trapped the star beasts, their attacks were relatively weak, and the formation had a major characteristic, that was, it could divide the attack power evenly between the various parts of the formation, so their attacks seemed to be insignificant.

However, it was different for high – Level star beasts. Each of their attacks was very destructive. The reason why the array could disperse the attack was also based on the characteristics of the array pattern. The array pattern of this array could not disperse such a high – intensity attack in a short time, and a part of the energy must have been directly used on the attack point.

This way, it would be easy to damage the formation.

Xia ruofei arrived at the center of the formation as fast as he could. It was easier for him to control the formation there.

In just a few dozen seconds, the high – Level Star beast’s attack had already landed on the key nodes of the array three times, and each time it caused some damage to the array. Although it could still hold on for a short time, if it took a little longer, the high – Level Star Beast was likely to escape.

When the formation was damaged, Xia ruofei would have no other trump cards and could only hide in the spirit map space.

This was something Xia ruofei did not want to see. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

He caught his breath and immediately formed a hand seal, activating the formation to attack the high level Star Beast.

In the face of such a terrifying opponent, Xia ruofei did not dare to hold back at all. He did not care about the consumption of the formation at all. He directly attacked with the greatest extent of his power. If he did not do something ruthless, the formation would be destroyed immediately. By then, there would be no point in keeping so many spiritual stones.