Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

3317 A Pyrrhic victory and an unexpected joy (2)

Even if there were twenty star beasts, they were trapped in the formation, and it would be difficult for him to get rid of them all in such a short time.

Not to mention, he still had to prepare the array, find the Star Beast, defeat it, set up the array, wait for the Star Beast to come for revenge, and then finally use the array to kill them one by one. Let alone three minutes, even 30 minutes was not enough. After all, it would take too much time to prepare the materials for the array again.

As a result, even though he had killed a high level Star Beast, he had lost the chance to break the record and pass the second test.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but want to sigh.

Although he had encountered some setbacks in the beginning of the Tower of Trials “second level mission, after he adjusted his strategy, it had been very smooth. Originally, he still had about half an hour left, which was enough for him to kill the last batch of star beasts, but the heavens didn’t go as he wished, and he actually encountered a high level Star Beast at the last moment.

What was worse was that Xia ruofei didn’t even know that his spiritual power couldn’t detect high – Level star beasts of the original infant stage. That was why he almost ran into the lair of high – Level star beasts.

In the end, although he managed to kill a high level astral beast, it didn’t help him in his record – breaking mission at all.

Xia ruofei had no other choice.

Even if he didn’t want to give up, he had to accept the reality that he had no hope of breaking the record.

Perseverance was a very valuable quality, but if one did it despite knowing that it was impossible, it was not perseverance, but stubbornness.

Hence, when Xia ruofei saw that there were only three minutes left, he was not in a hurry.

Since he couldn’t break the record, the remaining task of killing twenty star beasts wasn’t that urgent.

He would spend some time to prepare the materials for the formation and then slowly look for an intermediate Star Beast. According to the previous method, completing the task would be very easy.

Therefore, it would not be difficult for him to pass the test on the second level and enter the third level. However, the extra reward for breaking the record would not be his.

Xia ruofei saw that the high – Level Star Beast was curled up on the ground, not moving, so he stopped attacking.

The high – Level astral beast’s body seemed to have shrunk under the blazing fire.

There was also a slight crackling sound in the flames. It was the sound of the oil on the body of a high – Level Star Beast burning.

At this moment, Xia ruofei saw that the high – Level astral beast’s claw moved slightly, but it quickly went silent.

At this moment, a notification appeared in the field of vision of the perceptual mirror:

Congratulations! You have successfully completed the second level of the Tower of Trials. Killing an advanced star Beast is the same as killing 100 intermediate star beasts, the mission will be considered complete)

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but be stunned.

The mission was completed just like that?

It seemed that even though the high – Level astral beast was motionless before, it was not completely dead. It had only died just now, which was why the mission notification had appeared.

Xia ruofei subconsciously looked at the mission time on the top of his perceptual mirror and realized that he had completed the mission two minutes faster than the best record.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but widen his eyes. It turned out that his life – and – Death battle was not in vain. In the end, he still broke the record and passed the test of the second level of the Tower of Trials!

Xia ruofei heaved a long sigh of relief.

The designer of this mission was really a bit of a scammer. Since killing a high – Level astral beast would allow one to pass the test directly, why didn’t the mission description mention a single word about it?

If he had known ... Xia ruofei would not have chosen to face the terrifying high – Level astral beast.

If he could choose again, Xia ruofei would rather spend more time looking for intermediate astral beasts. At least it would be safer that way.

However, when he was facing a high – grade astral beast, he was really fighting with his life. Even if he managed to kill the high – grade astral beast with the help of the trap and kill array, it was mostly due to luck. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Even though the process was somewhat tortuous, the result was good.

Xia ruofei also relaxed.

At this time, a new notification appeared in the field of vision of the perceptual mirror:

The trial Pagoda’s third floor is now open. You can follow the directions given and find the passage to the third floor.

Xia ruofei took a look and saw an arrow on the map in his perception mirror. It was heading towards the right.

Xia ruofei tried to turn his body to the right and the arrow in the perceptual map started to move to the center.

When Xia ruofei’s body turned to a certain angle, the arrow was pointing straight ahead and turned green.

Xia ruofei understood that the arrow was pointing in the direction of the third level of the Tower of Trials.

At the same time, he also saw a circle of light on the map. This circle of light was surrounded by a Halo, and the range of the Halo would slightly change from large to small, and then from small to large again, as if it was breathing.

This indication was already very clear. The position of that circle of light should be where the entrance to the passage was.

Now that he had completed the mission on the second level of the trial Pagoda, Xia ruofei naturally had to rush to the third level.

However, he was very curious. He had received the reward of the perceptual mirror. If the other cultivators who had entered the trial tower without the perceptual mirror had also completed the mission, how would they get the hint to find the passage to the next level?

Xia ruofei was just a little curious. He knew that the designer and the builder of the trial Pagoda must have had other ways.

When he saw Ling Qingxue and Chen Xuan, he would just have to ask them.

The most important thing now was to go up as much as possible. Only then would he have a chance to meet Ling Qingxue as soon as possible.

Xia ruofei would not have to worry about Ling Qingxue’s safety all the time if he met up with her.

Therefore, he put away the array materials as fast as he could and threw away some of the damaged materials.

Then, he found a hidden place and hid the spirit map scroll.

Xia ruofei was preparing to enter the spirit map space and make use of the difference in the flow of time between the Archean realm and the time array flags to complete the materials needed for the trap and kill array.

In addition, he had consumed a lot of Yuan Qi during the escape and the battle just now, so he needed to replenish it. Furthermore, when he was running at full speed, he had even used a portion of the elemental storage Pearl’s elemental energy, which had to be refilled.

Xia ruofei was still clueless about the third level, so he had to make all the necessary preparations. After all, the second level of the Tower of Trials was relatively safe. He did not know if he would have the time and opportunity to complete the preparations once he entered the third level.

Therefore, he might as well do everything that could be done on the second floor, which could be considered as sharpening the knife without delaying the work of cutting wood.

Just as Xia ruofei hid the spirit map scroll and was about to enter the spirit map space, a third notification appeared in the field of vision of the perceptual mirror.

Congratulations, you’ve broken the time record for the Tower of Trials “second level mission. At the same time, you’re also the first golden core stage cultivator to kill a high level Star Beast and complete the mission. You’ll receive an additional reward. Since you have created two records at the same time, two rewards are available for you to choose from. You can only choose one.

...

Seeing this, Xia ruofei couldn’t help but mock,”So there was only one reward for breaking two records! It was just an extra choice ... This was too stingy!

Although he was complaining, Xia ruofei was still very concerned about the rewards he would receive. He quickly continued to read, wanting to know what the two rewards were.

The push notification in the perceptual mirror flipped to another page, and two reward options appeared. Xia ruofei’s eyes lit up after a quick glance. Then, he furrowed his brows slightly, looking conflicted.

Xia ruofei mumbled to himself,’this reward setting ... Is a bit too ridiculous! Isn’t this making things difficult for us?”