Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

3318 The inevitable choice (1)

The words that appeared in the perceptual mirror provided Xia ruofei with two rewards to choose from.

First, he obtained the upgraded elemental storage Pearl, which could store the elemental energy of an early nascent soul realm cultivator.

Second, when you enter the third level of the Tower of Trials, you can be transported to the same small space as your companions who entered the secret realm at the same time.

If Xia ruofei had to choose between these two options, he would definitely choose the second one without hesitation. That way, he would be able to meet up with Ling Qingxue.

The upgraded elemental storage Pearl was naturally excellent. The amount of elemental energy an early – Stage nascent soul cultivator could store was on a whole different level compared to that of a late – Stage golden core cultivator. If Xia ruofei could carry all the elemental energy of an early – Stage nascent soul cultivator, it would be equivalent to having an endless amount of elemental energy.

Even though this vital Qi pool required him to slowly fill it up with his own vital Qi, it was still extremely precious.

If it was a battle between golden core cultivators, with the help of this elemental storage Pearl, Xia ruofei would be like a tiger with wings. Even if he were to face a late – Stage golden core cultivator, he would be confident to fight.

However, no matter how good the energy storage Pearl was, if he could choose to meet up with Ling Qingxue earlier, Xia ruofei would give up without hesitation. He would not be worried about the gains and losses at all.

The problem was that the second reward option had additional conditions and explanations. There were mainly a few points:

First, the so – called “the same time period” meant that as long as the cultivators who entered the secret realm within an hour before and after him were the same time period, they would be teleported to the same space. As for who would be teleported to the same space, that was random. In other words, every member of the team had fulfilled the conditions for the same time period. The probability of Xia ruofei and Ling Qingxue being teleported to the same trial space was only one in eight.

Second, if the randomly selected partner had not passed the second level of the Tower of Trials, or even the first level, he would be directly sent to the same space on the third level of the Tower of Trials as Xia ruofei.

Third, each level of the trial space had a corresponding trial mission, and the difficulty of the mission was related to the cultivation level of the cultivator who entered the small space. After the two of them entered the same trial space, the trial’s difficulty would be based on the cultivation level of the person with the higher cultivation level, and would be doubled.

These three conditions were the reason why Xia ruofei was so hesitant.

If he chose this reward, he would only have one in eight chance of being transported to the same small space as Ling Qingxue. At the same time, the difficulty of the mission would also be doubled based on his cultivation level because they would be in the same small space.

He still wasn’t sure if he would be lucky enough to be in the same trial space as Ling Qingxue, or if they would be teleported together. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

The trial space was huge. If the two of them were not teleported to the same place, it would take a lot of effort to find Ling Qingxue. Ling Qingxue would also be in great danger because the difficulty of the mission was based on Xia ruofei’s cultivation level.

Of course, there was also a high possibility that Xia ruofei would not be paired with Ling Qingxue at all. Instead, he would be sent to the same training space with another person in the team.

There was an even worse possibility, which was that Xia ruofei was unfortunately transported to the same training space as the intermediate golden core cultivator in the team, such as the first heaven society’s elder Shen tianfang.

That meant that not only would he not be able to meet up with Ling Qingxue, but it would also increase the difficulty of his mission. By then, the difficulty of the mission would be set according to Shen tianfang’s cultivation level.

Xia ruofei was in a dilemma. Logically speaking, he should have chosen the first prize, the upgraded elemental storage Pearl. After all, it was better to be safe than sorry! However, he did not want to let go of this opportunity to meet up with Ling Qingxue. Xia ruofei had been worried about her safety every second they were apart. Now that such an opportunity was in front of him, how could he give it up so easily?

As for doubling the difficulty of the mission, as long as he could find Ling Qingxue and meet up with her as soon as possible, Xia ruofei would not have to worry about the difficulty of the mission. He was confident that he could complete it.

Xia ruofei was undoubtedly a calm and rational person. However, when faced with such a choice, he could not maintain his absolute rationality.

Although he wasn’t about to make his choice, the reward prompt had explained that there would be two passages at the entrance to the third floor. If he entered from the left passage, it meant that he had chosen the first reward, which was the upgraded elemental storage Pearl. Entering from the right passageway, he naturally chose the second reward. However, after hesitating for a while, Xia ruofei had already made his decision.

He no longer had any distracting thoughts and directly entered the spirit map space.

Xia ruofei quickly set up a time formation at the Archean realm. Then, he entered the time formation to cultivate and recover his elemental energy. At the same time, he continued to replenish his elemental storage Pearl.

With the difference of a thousand times in time flow, Xia ruofei did not have to worry about the preparation work wasting too much time.

After recovering and filling the energy storage Pearl, Xia ruofei took out all the materials for the formation and re – carved the materials that had been damaged by the high – Level astral beast in the battle. Then, he carefully checked the entire set of components.

After doing all this, Xia ruofei drank some water from the spirit pool and meditated on the Jade futon for a while. He replenished his consumed spiritual power and then left the spirit map space with a thought.

He carefully put the spirit map scroll in his palm and then followed the arrow in his perceptual mirror’s field of vision. He rode the qushuang flying sword and flew at full speed in the direction of the third floor’s passageway.