Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

3319 The inevitable choice (2)

He still didn’t dare to fly too high, and was practically flying close to the ground.

Even though he had already killed a high level Star Beast, he still remembered the fear he felt when he flew up to the top of the tree. He didn’t know how many high level star beasts there were on the second floor of the Tower of Trials, and he didn’t know if the sense of danger came from a high level Star Beast or an even more powerful monster.

Since he had already completed his mission on the second floor, Xia ruofei naturally did not want to cause any more trouble.

His luck wasn’t bad. From the place where he killed the high – Level Star Beast to the entrance of the third level, he didn’t encounter a single star Beast along the way. He didn’t even encounter a low – Level Star Beast. Just like that, he arrived at the position of the light circle indicated by the perceptual mirror map without any danger.

What Xia ruofei saw was a huge green rock.

Perhaps it was because Xia ruofei had completed his mission, but there were two teleportation portals on the rock that were glowing with green light.

Xia ruofei was no longer unfamiliar with this kind of passageway. Whether it was the passageway they had entered this secret realm or the passageway from the first level to the second level, they all looked similar.

Xia ruofei glanced at the two dimensional gateways. Different choices might lead to two different results in the subsequent exploration. However, he only took a deep breath and walked towards the right passageway without hesitation. When faced with the opportunity to meet up with Ling Qingxue, Xia ruofei would rather be impulsive than lose this opportunity.

Therefore, he had already made his choice before he left.

At this moment, he would naturally not hesitate.

When Xia ruofei stepped into the passage, his mind was calm. He did not pray for the blessings of the gods and was randomly teleported to the same place as Ling Qingxue. She thought that he was a cultivator himself. As his cultivation level increased, he felt that the gods and demons in the legends might just be cultivators with high cultivation levels.

After a moment of dizziness, the scenery in front of Xia ruofei had completely changed.

On the second floor of the Tower of Trials, it was an environment similar to a tropical jungle. All he could see were towering trees and lush vines. The range of his field of vision was not large, but in fact, the jungle was boundless.

After stepping into the passage, what appeared in front of Xia ruofei was a house with a small bridge and flowing water. The winding path led to a secluded courtyard.

If he did not know that he was in the Tower of Trials, Xia ruofei would have had the illusion that he had traveled back in time to the ancient times. This was obviously the house of a rich family in ancient times.

Xia ruofei was probably in the back garden of the house. He could see an antique Pavilion, a flower bed full of flowers, a pond where koi fish swam, and even a small stage.

Xia ruofei was dumbfounded. This was the third level of the trial Pagoda?

He had once imagined that after he entered the third floor of the Tower of Trials, he would face a very harsh environment, such as a hot desert, deep mountains and old forests where poisonous insects were wreaking havoc, but he had never thought that he would face such a peaceful and quiet house.

Of course, the more peaceful he was, the more uneasy he felt. This was because although the moving garden looked very comfortable, there was also a hint of strangeness.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but be on guard. He also released his spiritual power to check his surroundings.

The stone Road was just an ordinary stone Road, and the plants in the garden were all common flowers and plants on earth. Although the material of the pavilions was very good, and some of them were even made of precious Phoebe zhennan, they were still in the category of ordinary materials.

Everything here seemed to have nothing to do with the cultivation world.

Xia ruofei had thought that he had entered a courtyard left behind by some powerful person. However, it seemed that the possibility was very low.

This was because there was no trace of the cultivation world.

Of course, he did not find any traces of the formation.

All the signs pointed to the fact that this was an exquisite house.

At this moment, footsteps were heard.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but look up. His heart started to beat faster as well. Could it be that he had been teleported to the same place as his companions? Would it be Ling Qingxue?

In the blink of an eye, Xia ruofei saw the person who had arrived. His expression changed slightly, revealing a look of disbelief. He didn’t even notice that his mouth was wide open.

A soldier in a camouflage uniform walked out from behind the moon gate. There were still some grass crumbs on his face, and there were a few shocking bullet holes on his body. The blood stained the camouflage uniform red.

Xia ruofei stared at the familiar face and mumbled,””Hu ... Why are you here?” DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Xia ruofei never thought that he would see Lin Hu, who had already sacrificed himself.

In his memory, Lin Hu was undoubtedly a person who was deeply engraved in his heart, because Lin Hu had sacrificed his life to protect him.

Xia ruofei would dream of this scene many times in the middle of the night. Xuanji and Lin Hu were lying on the ground, glaring at him and shouting,””Don’t come here to die! The sniper is watching me!”

Xia ruofei watched as the sniper shot Lin Hu’s arm and thigh. He had been a sniper before and knew that this was the most common tactic of snipers. They deliberately left the target alive so that once the other party’s comrades came to rescue them, he could use the sniper rifle to take down them one by one. This was a good way to increase the success of the battle.