Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

3323 Passing off the fake as the real (1)

Chapter 1809: the great Tang!

The mechanical female voice continued,””The Tower of Trials” third level mission is as follows: According to the rules, the mission will be based on the person with the highest cultivation level, and it will be doubled. Therefore, you need to kill two high level star beasts. There is no time limit, but if you can complete the mission within four hours, you will receive a record – breaking reward!”

Ling Qingxue had obviously heard the voice as well. She looked surprised and asked,””RUO Fei, this is the third level of the trial Pagoda?”

Xia ruofei looked at Ling Qingxue and said,””Yup! What’s wrong?”

“I’ve just entered the 2nd level of the trial Pagoda!” Ling Qingxue blinked and said,”I didn’t even have time to look for a primary star Beast before I suddenly couldn’t help but come to this place. I thought something had happened!”

Xia ruofei smiled and said,”I’ve triggered a mission. I can teleport my companions to the same training space as me.” However, it’s all random. It could be Chen Xuan’s group, or it could be you. It seems like my luck is pretty good! The probability is one in eight!”

“That’s great!” Ling Qingxue patted her chest and said,”now that I’ve met up with you, I don’t have to be afraid anymore! Those puppets on the first level of the Tower of Trials were too scary. I was almost trapped in a dead end by them ...”

Xia ruofei laughed and said,”you passed the first level of the Tower of Trials, which means you’re quite strong!” Even if I didn’t teleport you together, you could’ve gone far with your own strength. By the way, Qingxue, did you get any rewards for passing the first level of the Tower of Trials?”

Ling Qingxue replied with a blank expression,”I didn ‘t!” I was running away in a sorry state and spent a lot of time killing those puppets. Most of the time, I hid in a corner and only dared to launch sneak attacks ...”

“Oh! That might be because it took too long, so there’s no reward!” Xia ruofei said casually,”let’s go! Let’s go look for the Star Beast!”

“En!” Ling Qingxue nodded her head.

The two of them stepped on the yellow sand and walked forward. The yellow sand was very fine and soft, so their feet would sink very deep into it. Every step they took was very strenuous.

However, Xia ruofei did not fly on his sword. Instead, he supported Ling Qingxue and walked in a certain direction step by step. Two sets of footprints were left in the desert, but they soon disappeared as the wind and sand swept past.

Xia ruofei asked casually,”Oh right, Qingxue, what did you and Weiwei talk about?” Why did their attitudes change all of a sudden? I still feel like I’m in a dream!”

Ling Qingxue was stunned for a moment before she asked,””Why are you suddenly asking this?”

“I’m just bored. As far as the eye could see, there was only endless yellow sand. Who knew when they would be able to find the Star Beast! I’m free anyway. ” Xia ruofei chuckled.”It’s been so long. Are you still going to keep it a secret?”

“Of course I have to keep it a secret!” Ling Qingxue pursed her lips and smiled.”Don’t ask about secrets that shouldn’t be asked!” You’ve been in the military, have you forgotten the confidentiality regulations?”

“You don’t know the answer either, do you?” Xia ruofei suddenly asked.

At the same time, he stopped in his tracks and stared into Ling Qingxue’s eyes. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Ling Qingxue looked confused and asked,””What’s wrong with you? Why did he speak so strangely? I don’t know the answer. ”

Xia ruofei smiled and said,””Because I don’t know the answer to this question, and you ... Are just an inner demon born from my memories. Of course, you can’t know the answer!”

As Xia ruofei spoke, he had already taken a few steps back. At the same time, he had already released the qushuang flying sword. The flying sword floated in the air, its tip trembling slightly. It was still aimed at Ling Qingxue’s vital points.

Ling Qingxue’s expression changed slightly and she said,””RUO Fei, what nonsense are you talking about? Don’t tell me you’ve been bewitched in the trial Pagoda? I’m Qingxue! Don’t you recognize me?”

The smile on Xia ruofei’s face did not change at all. In fact, it became even more radiant.

He said,”you are indeed very similar. Moreover, you appeared after the scene changed. You are indeed very deceptive. When I was in the house, the inner demon had transformed into Vivian’s image. However, I was sure that I was in an illusion, and Vivian could not travel hundreds of thousands of miles to suddenly appear in front of me, so it did not affect me much. And you ... You came to the moon with me, and there’s a high chance that you’re in the Tower of Trials. The environment suddenly changed, and you were in a critical situation, being chased by a giant lizard. In a moment of desperation, I really couldn’t think too much. Everything was perfect, and I was almost fooled. It’s a pity ... The real can’t be faked, and the fake can’t be real either ...”

Xia ruofei’s eyes were fixed on Ling Qingxue as he spoke. He paused for a moment before he continued,”Do you know why I was suspicious?”

Ling Qingxue looked at Xia ruofei and shook her head.””RUO Fei, it seems like you’ve been through too much. I don’t know what you’ve been through, but I’m really heartbroken that you’ve become like this ... But it’s okay. No matter what you’ve become, my love for you will never change. Let’s not go into the mystic realm anymore and leave! When we return to Earth, I’ll accompany you to see a doctor ...”