Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

3326 The mission begins (2)

After going through so much hardship, it was hard for Ling Qingxue to calmly analyze the situation when she suddenly saw Xia ruofei and the change in the environment. Even if she had her suspicions, she would not be as decisive as Xia ruofei.

Hence, Xia ruofei hoped that Ling Qingxue would be randomly sent to the same place as him. At the same time, he was worried that Ling Qingxue would not be able to pass the so – called initial test. He was in a dilemma.

Besides, Xia ruofei noticed that the notification from the perceptual mirror only told him that he had passed the preliminary test and was qualified to accept the mission. However, the mission content had not been released yet.

What did this mean?

Xia ruofei had a guess in his heart, and the answer was obvious. The most likely one was the companion who had been randomly teleported here. He was still trapped in the illusion.

Since the two of them had come to the trial space at the same time, the mission could only be issued after both of them had passed the first test!

Xia ruofei felt that his guess was more in line with the truth.

However, there was nothing he could do now. He could not help even if he wanted to.

This was because he had no idea where his companion was. He also didn’t know how big the small space on the third level of the trial Pagoda was.

Even if he found his companion, Xia ruofei felt that he would not be of much help. Once one fell into an illusory formation, even their Six Senses would be sealed, and they would have no sense of the outside world at all. They could only rely on their own strength to walk out.

So, after passing the test of the illusory formation, Xia ruofei suddenly felt a little uncomfortable.

He did not know what else he could do now.

After a moment of silence, Xia ruofei decided to explore the third level of the Tower of Trials. It would not hurt to familiarize himself with the environment.

As a result, he stepped on the qushuang flying sword and flew in a certain direction at a moderate speed. At the same time, he constantly used his eyes and mental power to observe the surrounding environment.

With the experience in the second level of the Tower of Trials as a lesson, Xia ruofei did not dare to rely on his spiritual power to probe. Sometimes, seeing is believing. These four words were very reasonable. For example, a high – Level Star Beast could completely block Xia ruofei’s spiritual power detection.

That was only the second floor of the Tower of Trials. After reaching the third floor, there might be even more powerful man – made creatures! It was obviously not enough to just rely on spiritual power to investigate.

At the same time, Xia ruofei tried to fly close to the ground. This was a habit he had developed on the second level of the Tower of Trials.

Although flying close to the ground often required him to avoid obstacles and to be more focused, Xia ruofei felt more at ease and did not have the fear of danger.

The environment of the third level of the trial Pagoda seemed to be a mountainous area. Although the terrain was uneven, the peaks were not very high.

The vegetation here was very lush. Perhaps it was because of the rich spiritual energy, even the grass by the stream was full of vitality. In the flowing stream, Xia ruofei even saw fish swimming freely.

Even in such a peaceful environment, Xia ruofei still maintained a high level of vigilance. However, after flying for more than ten minutes, he did not encounter any aggressive creatures. Basically, the only living creatures he saw were the fish in the stream.

The forest, the grass, and the hills were all full of life, but there were no other animals or people. There was a strange silence.

Xia ruofei frowned. He used his perceptual mirror to observe the fish in the stream and realized that they were just ordinary fish. There was nothing special about them.

In addition, the trees, grass, and shrubs were only growing better, and there was nothing unusual about them. They were just ordinary species, which were very common on earth.

On the third level of the trial Pagoda, there must be existences similar to the puppets on the first level and the star beasts on the second level. Otherwise, there would be no meaning in making a single level for cultivators to train.

But where was the opponent?

Xia ruofei had a feeling that he had no place to use his strength. It was as if he had punched cotton.

At this moment, a notification appeared in the field of vision of the perceptual mirror.

The trial tower’s third floor trial mission: Kill 30 intermediate – Level Mirage beasts. 1. The difficulty of the mission is set according to the standard of two cultivators with high cultivation base in the small trial space, and it is doubled on this basis; 2. The trial Pagoda’s third level’s record time is two hours. If you break this record, you will receive additional rewards.)

Seeing this, Xia ruofei’s spirit was lifted!

The mission had finally been issued. In other words, the companion who had been sent to this trial space had also passed the test of the illusory formation!

Could this person be Ling Qingxue? Xia ruofei could not help but look forward to it.

He couldn’t make too many judgments based on the mission content because he didn’t know what the so – called Mirage beasts were. He didn’t have an intuitive concept of how difficult it was to deal with them. He couldn’t make a judgment based on the fact that there were thirty of them after the number had been doubled. Only when he really came into contact with the so – called Mirage beast could he have a comparison. Otherwise, the numbers themselves would be meaningless. This was because the mission on the second floor of the Tower of Trials already required him to kill 100 intermediate astral beasts. This third floor mission only required him to kill 30 astral beasts after the number was doubled. This did not mean that the difficulty of the mission was lower than the second floor.

In fact, according to normal logic, the missions would definitely be more difficult as one progressed.

Hence, Xia ruofei had no way of predicting the cultivation level of his partner who had been sent to this trial space. He did not even know if the criteria for this mission were set according to his or his partner’s cultivation level.

After all, there was a mid – Stage golden core cultivator in the team who was stronger than him.

The only thing he could do now was to find the Mirage beast as soon as possible and try to deal with it.

Of course, Xia ruofei also had to find his partner as soon as possible. Whether that person was Ling Qingxue or not, the two of them could at least work together after they met up. This would be very helpful in completing the mission. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Of course, Xia ruofei naturally hoped that the person was Ling Qingxue.

After accepting the task, Xia ruofei perked up and increased the speed of the qushuang flying sword, hoping to find the Mirage beast as soon as possible.

However, he could only try his luck and fly in one direction. After all, he had no other information about the Mirage beast except for the name mentioned in the mission prompt.

To be honest, even if he met the Mirage beast face to face, he would not be able to recognize it.

Fortunately, he still had the perceptual mirror, which could help him identify the items. This Mirage beast was related to the mission, so the perceptual mirror should be able to identify it.

Xia ruofei stepped on the qushuang flying sword and crossed the mountains, rivers, and grasslands. He headed in the same direction and advanced quickly near the ground.

Along the way, he constantly used his spiritual power and his physical eyes to observe. At the same time, he also paid attention to the notifications from the perceptual mirror.

However, the Mirage beast did not seem to be easier to find than the Star Beast on the second level of the trial Pagoda. Xia ruofei did not find anything along the way and there was no hint from the perceptual mirror.

Xia ruofei was a little confused. Xuanji had broken the record in four hours.

It seemed like a long time, but if he had to spend a lot of time looking for the Mirage beast, the four hours would be used up very soon.

As expected, the record was not so easy to break.

Even if Xia ruofei was full of fighting spirit now, he could not find an opponent and could only sigh helplessly.

Then, something happened that surprised Xia ruofei. As he passed by a Bush, he habitually glanced at the field of vision of the perceptual mirror.

Still, there was no information about the Mirage beast. However, Xia ruofei saw from the corner of his eye that there was a change in the mission notification bar on the top right corner of his vision!

The original mission progress was 0/30. The last time Xia ruofei looked at the perceptual mirror, there were no changes.

But now, he was surprised to find that the mission progress had become 1/30!

...

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but widen his eyes.

Obviously, while he had not made any progress, his companion, who was randomly sent to this trial space, had already killed a middle – Level Mirage beast!