Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

3327 The appearance of the Mirage beast (1)

Although the difficulty of the trial mission was doubled, the two of them had completed it together. Therefore, if either of them killed the Mirage beast, it would be counted as the mission number.

Xia ruofei’s heart sank when he saw the change in the mission record.

If Ling Qingxue was the one who was teleported here, even if she could pass the test of the illusory formation, it was unlikely that she could kill the Shen beast faster than Xia ruofei.

Therefore, the companion who was randomly teleported with Xia ruofei was likely to be an Aurous core cultivator as well. It could even be an intermediate Aurous core cultivator like Shen tianfang.

After all, Xia ruofei could not determine the difficulty of the mission based on the number of kills required. Hence, he was not sure if the standard of the number of kills was set according to his cultivation level or the cultivation level of his other companion.

Of course, this was not absolute.

After all, ever since he received the mission, Xia ruofei had been searching for a long time in the trial space. However, he did not find the Mirage beast.

As for his other companion, if his luck was better than his, he might encounter the Mirage beast first.

Furthermore, he still did unknown know what the Mirage beast was and what characteristics it had. Xia ruofei could not be completely sure that Ling Qingxue was unable to kill the Mirage beast. Perhaps one of Ling Qingxue’s abilities could counter the Mirage beast?

However, the possibility of this happening was very small. Xia ruofei was more or less disappointed. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

However, he quickly regained his composure. After all, when he made this decision, he had already made a thorough analysis. The probability of Ling Qingxue being teleported together with him was only one in eight, which was actually very small.

Furthermore, since they had already reached the third level of the trial Pagoda and accepted the mission, the most important thing right now was not to think about whether or not their companion was Ling Qingxue. Instead, they should try their best to complete the mission as soon as possible and meet up with their companion. Whether or not this person was Ling Qingxue, if they completed the mission together, they would be able to look out for each other.

Hence, Xia ruofei quickly cleared his mind of all distracting thoughts. He accelerated the flying sword of the qushuang and continued to search for the Mirage beast.

His companion had already broken through zero, so he couldn’t fall behind!

Even though they had completed their mission, if most of the Mirage beasts were killed by their companions, Xia ruofei would be embarrassed!

A few minutes later, when qu Shuang’s flying sword flew past a small hill, Xia ruofei suddenly saw a line of words in his perceptual vision. Middle – grade Mirage beast found.

His spirit was instantly lifted.

He quickly used his spiritual power to investigate and at the same time, his eyes scanned the front.

Then his expression froze slightly, because whether he used his spiritual power to investigate or observed with his eyes, he did not find anything that might be a Mirage beast. In front of him was an ordinary hillside with ordinary vegetation, and the green grass swayed gently in the breeze. It was a quiet and peaceful scene.

Xia ruofei could not help but hesitate. The perceptual mirror would not lie. It meant that there was a Mirage beast within its detection range, and it just happened to be the intermediate Mirage beast required for the mission. However, why could he not detect it at all?

Xia ruofei’s mind was racing as he scanned his surroundings again with his sharp eyes.

Still, nothing.

He had already stopped the qushuang flying sword and was on full alert.

After a moment’s thought, Xia ruofei took out a large amount of formation materials from the spirit map space. These were the materials for the set of trap and kill array that he had repaired. Then, he began to throw the formation materials at their specific positions.

After setting up the array many times, Xia ruofei had become more skilled. After a few minutes, the trap & kill array was set up.

Xia ruofei did not know anything about the invisible Shen beast. All he could do now was to strengthen his defense as much as possible and use all the means he could.

Then, Xia ruofei carefully explored the general direction pointed out by the perceptual mirror.

The trap and kill array did not cover a large area. Very soon, Xia ruofei had walked out of the array’s range.

However, the detection range of the perceptual mirror was not large. Hence, even if Xia ruofei walked to the edge of the detection range of the perceptual mirror and wanted to return to the inside of the formation, it would be very fast. Especially if he was riding a flying sword, it would only take a few seconds.

This gave him a lot of confidence.

However, just as Xia ruofei took another seven or eight steps forward, he suddenly felt his vision blur.

Then, he was dumbfounded to find that the environment he was in had completely changed.

It seemed that he was on an island. He could hear the faint sound of waves, and even the wind carried the unique salty smell of the sea. A few seabirds whizzed across the sea in the distance, and then spread their wings and flew high.

Xia ruofei’s expression changed, but it was too late for him to retreat.

He knew that he had probably been tricked. This very realistic illusion was most likely set up by the Mirage beast that the perceptual mirror had detected.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but smile bitterly. He had set up the trap and kill array in advance to lure the Shen beast into the array and destroy it. He didn’t expect that he would step into the trap first.

The most infuriating thing was that he had not even met the Mirage beast before he fell into the illusion.

Thinking about how his companion had just killed a Mirage beast, Xia ruofei frowned even more. This meant that his companion was very strong.