Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

3329 A narrow victory in the first battle (1)

The two flying swords whistled as they attacked the Mirage beast not far away.

From the time Xia ruofei trapped the Shen beast with the illusion array to when he decisively summoned the flying sword to attack the Shen beast, only two to three seconds had passed.

However, the Mirage beast’s eyes had regained their clarity.

This was indeed a monster that specialized in illusions. Although it was caught off guard and quickly fell into Xia ruofei’s illusion array, it was only a few seconds before it immediately broke through the illusion and broke free from the influence of the illusion array.

The illusory formation was used to interfere with the trapped person’s mind. Once the trapped person could see through all this, the illusory formation would naturally lose its power.

Just like when Xia ruofei had just entered the third level of the Tower of Trials, he could easily kill the inner demons that were created by the illusory formation. When he killed the last inner demon that was created in the image of Ling Qingxue, the illusory formation lost its power.

The Mirage beast was undoubtedly an expert in illusions, so it directly saw through the illusion array in just a few seconds.

When its eyes regained their clarity, the qushuang flying sword and the blue immortal sword had already arrived in front of it.

The Shen beast’s eyes were filled with fear and at the same time, it looked at Xia ruofei.

Xia ruofei suddenly felt that the Shen beast’s deep eyes were like a bottomless pool. He felt as if his soul was about to be sucked in.

At the same time, the Mirage beast, which was standing not far away from Xia ruofei, suddenly disappeared. His surrounding environment began to change again. The mountaintop with its clear waters was gone, and there was a sea of fire around him. The scorching flames seemed to want to swallow Xia ruofei.

Xia ruofei knew that it was fake, but the burning feeling was so real that it could burn his soul.

Fortunately, this terrifying illusion only lasted for a moment before it immediately fell apart.

It came quickly and left quickly.

Xia ruofei immediately returned to his previous environment.

At this time, he saw that the very cute Mirage beast had already died on the spot. Two flying swords were stuck in its body and were still shaking.

It turned out that the Mirage beast didn’t have time to Dodge at all. It only launched its strongest mental attack at the last moment and set up the illusion in an instant. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

However, even though it had disappeared from Xia ruofei’s sight, it did not have time to Dodge. Xia ruofei had lost his target, but he was experienced in not controlling the qushuang flying sword and the blue immortal sword. Thus, the two flying swords relied on their inertia and stabbed the Mirage beast to death.

To Xia ruofei, although it was an instinctive reaction, his choice was undoubtedly the best.

In the field of vision of the perceptual mirror, the mission record was updated at once, and it became 2/30. Obviously, Xia ruofei’s partner in this small space had not gained any new gains for the time being.

Xia ruofei looked at the dead Shen beast on the ground and could not help but feel scared.

When the illusion appeared in front of Xia ruofei, he really felt the threat of death.

It could be said that if the Mirage beast had attacked him with this illusion from the beginning, he might have already died.

The fact that an illusion had no offensive power was relative.

A powerful enough illusion was enough to completely immerse the cultivator trapped in it. Once the cultivator died in the illusion, he would naturally not be able to survive.

Even though his physical body was intact, his spirit body had already dissipated.

Xia ruofei guessed that the Mirage beast would be hurt by such an illusion. Otherwise, it would have used it from the start.

No matter what, Xia ruofei was able to kill this Mirage beast more or less due to luck.

Especially at the last moment, the qushuang flying sword and the blue immortal sword had killed the Mirage beast by pure inertia. If there had been a slight deviation, Xia ruofei would have been the one who died.

This was Xia ruofei’s first encounter with a Shen beast on the third level of the trial Pagoda.

He finally had a more direct understanding of the Mirage beasts.

First of all, the Mirage beast was naturally best at illusionary attacks. From the illusion that the Mirage beast had set up before its death, it was clear that the Mirage beast had high attainments in this area.

Secondly, the Mirage beast should also be stronger in terms of spiritual power. In fact, this was normal. After all, if it was good at illusion attacks, it would not be good if it had weak spiritual power. Besides, when Xia ruofei used his spiritual power to investigate, he could not find any trace of the Mirage beast. This also meant that the Mirage beast’s spiritual power was not weaker than Xia ruofei ‘s. It was much stronger than the intermediate star beasts on the second level of the Tower of Trials.

Third, although the Mirage beast was also very fast, its physical defense was not high. The attacks of the qushuang flying sword and the blue immortal sword could only leave two small wounds on the intermediate Star Beast at most, but the Mirage beast would be killed directly.

Of course, the Mirage beast’s attainment in illusions was too terrifying. If it was coupled with its fast speed and thick skin, it would lose to Xia ruofei without even having to compete.

Of course, such a situation would not happen, or else the Tower of Trials would have no meaning to exist.

Even though cultivators spent their entire lives going against the heavens and bravely climbing to the peak, there was still a limit to a person’s strength. If there was no mission that could be completed, what was the point of using it as a trial?