Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

3330 A narrow victory in the first battle (2)

Even though the body of the Mirage beast was relatively fragile, it was much more difficult to deal with than the Star Beast.

Star beasts were like rough and thick – skinned boorish men. It was easier to deal with them if you found the right method. It was just like how Xia ruofei used a trick to lure the enemy and then trapped and killed them with an array. This method was always tried and tested. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

However, it was unlikely to deal with the Mirage beast in this way.

Its physical defense was low, but you had to discover it first!

They couldn’t even be found. In addition, as long as they met, it could instantly set up an illusion, making it impossible for people to find their target.

Hence, after an overall assessment, Xia ruofei felt that the Mirage beast was much more difficult to deal with than the Star Beast.

No wonder the difficulty of the mission was doubled, and the total number of Mirage beasts to kill was only 30.

Xia ruofei muttered to himself for a while and went over to study the body of the Shen beast at a close distance. He could not find any useful clues whether he used his spiritual power to investigate or simply flipped through it. He felt that it was just a small animal like a rabbit.

If one had not experienced it for themselves, they would not have believed that such a cute little animal could be so terrifying.

Xia ruofei naturally tried to store the Shen beast’s body into the spirit map space. He wanted to study it slowly when he returned.

However, the result was just as Xia ruofei had expected. There was no corpse at all? He kept it in his storage space.

Xia ruofei could only grumble a few words and then left the Shen beast’s body behind. He walked back a little and put away the trap & kill array that he had just set up but did not use at all.

Although the trap and kill array did not come in handy just now, Xia ruofei felt that this array would be much more effective than the simple illusion array when dealing with the Shen beast.

After all, the Mirage beast was good at illusions, so the illusion array could only trap it for a few seconds.

However, the trap and kill array was different. It would not be easy for the Mirage beast to break out of it.

Moreover, the body defense of the Mirage beast was far lower than that of the Star Beast. Once they were trapped in the trap & kill array, they would basically die.

Of course, the key to the problem was still how to lure the Mirage beast into the array.

Just like earlier, Xia ruofei had only taken a few steps away from the trap and kill array. However, the Mirage beast had set up an illusion and Xia ruofei had no time to retreat.

Moreover, the deathtrap array could not be set up as quickly as the illusory array just now.

This was very contradictory. It was impossible for Xia ruofei to set up a formation to wait for the prey as it was extremely inefficient. Moreover, if the number of Mirage beasts was small, he might not encounter a single Mirage beast even after waiting for a few hours. If that happened, he would have no hope of breaking the record at all.

If he took the initiative to look for the Mirage beast and encountered it, Xia ruofei would not have time to set up the formation.

Even if they were trapped in an illusion before setting up the formation, there would be many uncertain factors.

After all, the area of the simple illusion array was very small and only covered a small area around Xia ruofei. The trap and kill array was different. When Xia ruofei was being chased by a high – Level Star Beast, he could only run around in circles while setting up the array. This area was relatively large.

Once he was trapped in the illusion, Xia ruofei’s perception of the real environment would be almost zero. It would be too difficult to set up a trap & kill array in a large area.

As Xia ruofei was thinking, he kept the illusory formation.

Then, he put away the blue immortal sword and stepped on the bent Frost Flying sword to continue looking for the Mirage beast.

Regardless of whether he had a solution or not, Xia ruofei had to find the Mirage beast first. After all, the recording time waited for no one.

Xia ruofei did not know anything about the third level of the trial Pagoda. He did not know where the Mirage beasts would appear. The map that he could see through his sensory mirror was limited too. Hence, he could only fly in one direction based on his senses.

Of course, with the lesson learned, Xia ruofei did not dare to fly at full speed. He had experience and focused on the vision of the perception mirror. After all, it was difficult to detect the existence of the Mirage beast with spiritual power and almost useless with the naked eye. However, the perception mirror was very useful in this situation as it could detect the Mirage beast a little earlier.

Xia ruofei did not know how his unknown companion had killed the Mirage beast. If the other party did not have a perceptual mirror, he should have encountered the Mirage beast and killed it with his own strength.

From the analysis of the battle with the Mirage beast, Xia ruofei could not completely rule out the possibility that her companion was Ling Qingxue. After all, the Mirage beast’s defense was actually very low. Ling Qingxue also had a flying sword in her hand. As long as she could resist the Mirage beast’s illusion attack, it was entirely possible for her to kill the Mirage beast.

However, Xia ruofei was sure of one thing. Whether this companion was Ling Qingxue or not, as long as he or she did not have a treasure like the sensory mirror, the speed at which they killed the Mirage beasts would not be able to catch up to his.

As Xia ruofei flew, he focused on the field of vision of the perceptual mirror.

At this moment, a small stream appeared in front of him.

In the murmuring stream, there were fish swimming happily. Colorful flowers bloomed on both sides of the stream, making the environment very beautiful.

Xia ruofei even thought that if this was not a trial space filled with danger, it would be a good choice for him to live here with Ling Qingxue and Song Wei.

However, Xia ruofei was only distracted for a short while. He immediately focused again. He knew how powerful the Mirage beast was. He also knew that the safer and quieter the environment, the more dangerous it was.

Xia ruofei followed the stream and headed upstream on his sword.

His main focus was on the perceptual mirror.

Suddenly, a notification popped up in the field of vision of the perceptual mirror: Beginner – Level Mirage beast found.

Xia ruofei could not help but be stunned.

The primary Mirage beast would not help him in completing the task. Should he go around here or get rid of it on the way?

After pondering for a while, Xia ruofei decided to try to deal with this elementary – Level Mirage beast.

Even though there was a time limit to break the record, Xia ruofei still needed more actual combat to increase his understanding of the Mirage beast. He could also try more methods.

In theory, a primary Mirage beast should be easier to deal with, but he had a lot of experience in dealing with primary Mirage beasts, which could also be useful when dealing with intermediate Mirage beasts.

Hence, Xia ruofei stopped his flying sword and stepped into the grass in the West.

The perceptual mirror still did not provide the exact location of the Mirage beast, so Xia ruofei still tried to use his spiritual power to find the Mirage beast. At the same time, he also looked around with his naked eyes.

Very quickly, Xia ruofei found something with his spiritual power.

About thirty meters to his right, there was a relatively obvious spiritual power fluctuation.

Xia ruofei’s spirit was lifted. This was probably the primary – Level Mirage beast.

Perhaps the mental strength of the intermediate – Level Mirage beasts was very strong, so Xia ruofei’s mental strength couldn’t detect their existence. On the other hand, the primary – Level Mirage beasts were much weaker, so Xia ruofei’s mental strength came into play.

He pondered for a moment and pretended that he had not discovered anything. He began to set up a trap and kill array in the area behind him.

Seven to eight minutes later, the trap and kill array was set up.

During this process, Xia ruofei had been using his spiritual power to lock onto the highly suspected elementary Mirage beast.

...

The other party did not seem to realize that their position had been exposed, so they were still biding their time, as if waiting for Xia ruofei to step into the trap.

It seemed that the Mirage beast was used to this mode of attack and had great patience.

After Xia ruofei set up the trap and kill array, he took a few steps back and completely hid within the array. Then, he quietly summoned the flying sword of the qushuang and the blue immortal sword.

He formed a sword gesture and at the same time, his mental energy also took the blue travel immortal sword. Without saying a word, he quickly stabbed at the place where the mental energy fluctuation had just appeared.

The flying sword let out a sharp whistle, and the grass and shrubs it passed by were cut off. It arrived at its target in the blink of an eye.

The primary – Level Mirage beast finally realized the danger. It jumped out from its hiding place and turned into a black shadow. It dodged the flying sword’s attack deftly and pounced directly in Xia ruofei’s direction.