Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

3332 Experience (2)

Translator: 5496903In fact, the key was whether Xia ruofei could find the Mirage beast’s trace earlier. As long as he could find it early enough, he was confident that he could kill the intermediate Mirage beast in the array just like he did with the primary level Mirage beast.

It seemed that he still had to pay attention to the function of the perceptual mirror!

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but say in his heart,”It would be great if the perceptual mirror could be upgraded.

The perceptual mirror was undoubtedly very useful, but after reaching the third level of the Tower of Trials, the range of the mirror would be limited. The detection function would be limited to the field of vision. The map display function could display the entire small space of the first level of the Tower of Trials, but when it came to the third level of the Tower of Trials, the range was still so large. Compared to the vast third level of the Tower of Trials, a dozen acres of land was too insignificant.

This disadvantage was already very obvious on the second level of the Tower of Trials. Xia ruofei could only run around like a headless fly and could not see the entire small space.

In addition, the detection function of the perceptual mirror did not seem to be enough for the monsters on the third floor of the Tower of Trials. It could only give him a simple notification that a Mirage beast had appeared in his field of vision, but it could not lock onto the specific location, nor could it provide more information about the Mirage beast.

In this case, although the sensory mirror could still be used, it would not be of much help to Xia ruofei.

However, Xia ruofei also knew that it was already lucky to get the sensory mirror, which was similar to an external treasure. It was even more difficult to upgrade it. He could only see if there were any opportunities ahead.

However, at least for the current task of killing the Mirage beast, he could not count on it. He could only make do with it.

After Xia ruofei kept the trap and kill array, he chose a new direction. Then, he took out the qushuang flying sword and continued to fly close to the ground.

When Xia ruofei flew past a mountain stream and arrived at the top of a small waterfall, a notification finally appeared in the field of vision of the perceptual mirror. Middle – grade Mirage beast found.

It was still a simple sentence without any other useful information, including the specific location of the Mirage beast, its strength level, strengths and weaknesses, etc. There was nothing.

Xia ruofei’s spirit was still lifted. This time, it was a real middle – Level Mirage beast!

It had been 40 minutes since he accepted the mission. It had been more than 20 minutes since he killed the middle – Level Mirage beast by luck. In fact, it didn’t take him much time to kill the primary Mirage beasts, mainly because the distribution of these Mirage beasts was irregular and he spent a lot of time searching.

If he wanted to break the record, he would have to kill 30 Mirage beasts in four hours.

That unknown companion had killed a middle – Level Mirage beast before Xia ruofei at the beginning, but he had not done anything until now. Obviously, it was mostly luck that he had killed it for the first time.

That was why Xia ruofei did not include his companions ‘contributions for the time being. In that case, it would be a very difficult task to kill 30 Mirage beasts in four hours.

In addition, he also found a difference between the Mirage beasts and the star beasts. The Mirage beasts did not seem to like living in groups. They seemed to be more used to being alone, so he used the previous method to attract a large number of Mirage beasts and then kill them in one breath with the array. This method would not work.

Therefore, Xia ruofei treasured every chance to find a middle – Level Mirage beast.

He stood still and quickly extended his spiritual power forward, searching inch by inch within the field of vision of the perceptual mirror, trying to find the trace of the middle – Level Mirage beast.

Of course, his hands were not idle. He took out the materials for the array at the first moment and began to set up a trap and kill array in a relatively open space on one side of the waterfall.

Xia ruofei’s spiritual power did not work. The intermediate Shen beast was obviously better at hiding than the beginner Shen beast and had a stronger spiritual power. Hence, Xia ruofei could not find any obvious spiritual fluctuations. He also looked back and forth a few times with his naked eyes but could not find the shadow of the intermediate Shen beast.

On the other hand, the setup of the array was very smooth. In a short while, the trap and kill array was set up.

This time, Xia ruofei did not dare to leave the array. The last time Qianqian encountered a middle – Level Mirage beast, she had taken a few steps out of the array and fell into an illusion. She could no longer return to the array, causing the trap and kill array that she had painstakingly set up to become a decoration.

Xia ruofei was standing in the formation and had already simulated the next step in his mind.

Then, he took out the qushuang flying sword and the blue immortal sword. He controlled the two flying swords with his Sword Art and spiritual power, and stabbed them forward.

It would only react when the Mirage beast appeared within the scope of the perceptual mirror. The scope of the perceptual mirror was slightly larger than the human eyes, but it was still in a fan shape of nearly 180 degrees. Hence, Xia ruofei decided to use the same method he used to deal with the beginner – Level Mirage beast.

However, Xia ruofei had a clear target when he was dealing with the elementary – Level Mirage beasts. Now, he could only use the method of indiscriminate attack.

Although the fan – shaped area was relatively small, the further one went, the larger the area. The qushuang flying sword and the traveling Jade immortal sword naturally couldn’t cover the entire area. Thus, Xia ruofei could only try his luck. At the same time, he tried his best to make his flying sword fly in a roundabout way to greatly increase his efficiency.

The qushuang flying sword and the blue travel immortal sword let out sharp howls and stabbed toward the fan – shaped area ahead. The grass, bushes, rocks, and even water currents were unable to effectively block the flying swords. The two flying swords cut through the air like a hot knife cutting through butter, their momentum unstoppable.

Xia ruofei stood in the formation, his eyes fixed on the fan – shaped area in front of him. He accurately controlled the two flying swords at the same time, directly sweeping them from close to far.

In the loud sound of the waterfall, grass and stone fragments flew up, and some of the thinner trees also collapsed. The peaceful environment suddenly became a mess.

In the midst of the chaos, a black shadow suddenly flew out from the bushes.

Xia ruofei was focused on the fan – shaped area in front of him. Although the grass, rocks, and branches blocked his vision, he still noticed the presence of the dark shadow.

However, the middle – Level Mirage beast was taking the initiative to attack, and the flying sword was quite far away from it, so it didn’t need to Dodge at all. In addition, the speed of an intermediate Mirage beast was much faster than that of a beginner Mirage beast.

Therefore, the moment Xia ruofei saw that the black shadow was a middle – Level Mirage beast, the Mirage beast’s illusory formation had been completed.

Xia ruofei moved from the waterfall to a quiet training field. The weapon rack was filled with swords, Spears, halberds, axes, hooks, and forks. There were also two huge stone locks on the ground. Apparently, they were used to train the body. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Xia ruofei already had some experience in dealing with the Mirage beasts. Hence, no matter how realistic the illusion was, it would not affect him immediately.

Moreover, he had already made a plan and had fully assessed the current situation.

Xia ruofei ignored the illusion and took two steps back. Then, he took three steps to the right and took five steps back again ...

Even though Xia ruofei was in the illusion and was about to kick the stone lock, he was completely unmoved. He still strictly followed the original environment and the array as he stepped into the depths of the array.

As expected, when Xia ruofei saw through the illusion, he stepped on the stone lock, but it still passed through it. Then, he felt solid ground.

Xia ruofei simply closed his eyes and ignored everything that had happened in the illusion. He followed the route that he had rehearsed earlier and hid in an important eye of the trap and kill array in a few steps.

The intermediate – Level Shen beast did not expect Xia ruofei to be completely unaffected. Just as it was about to change to a more powerful illusion, its front hooves had unknowingly stepped into the range of the array ...