Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

3334 Victory (2)

Translator: 5496903After a while, green smoke began to rise from the wound, and the fragrance of roasted meat wafted up.

Xia ruofei could no longer see the condition of the intermediate – Level Shen beast. As long as he opened his eyes, he would find himself still in the martial arts practice field.

However, when he opened his eyes to take a look, he realized that the illusion created by the intermediate – Level Mirage beast was not as stable as before. This feeling was similar to the illusion created by the beginner – Level Mirage beast. With Xia ruofei’s strength, he could already see some unreal and unreasonable places. This was the illusion becoming unstable.

Xia ruofei was overjoyed. Although he could not see the battle, he knew that the intermediate – Level Shen beast must have been injured and could not maintain the stability of the illusion.

He formed a hand seal and continued to activate the strongest attack of the array.

This kind of indiscriminate attack was an unreasonable method, but as long as the opponent was trapped in the formation, and his side did not care about the consumption, it was really a headache to defend. There was basically no solution.

The middle – Level Mirage beast here was already an arrow at the end of its flight.

There was a constant stream of black light that entered its body that was already stained with blood.

The vitality of the middle – Level Mirage beast was also fading rapidly.

Finally, Xia ruofei’s eyes lit up. He realized that the illusion of the martial arts practice field had disappeared.

Without the influence of the environment, Xia ruofei quickly found the location of the mid – grade Shen beast through the array.

Hence, Xia ruofei adjusted his attack as he flew through the array. All the black rays were no longer an indiscriminate attack that covered the entire array. Instead, they were focused on the middle – grade Shen beast.

Suddenly, the black light around the middle – Level Mirage beast became denser.

At this moment, it was already on the verge of death, so how could it withstand so many attacks? A few seconds later, the intermediate – Level Mirage beast was beaten into a sieve. After twitching a few times, it finally contributed a kill to Xia ruofei’s task.

Xia ruofei looked at the mission data that had jumped up in his perceptual mirror and finally felt relieved.

At this moment, the mission completion rate was 3/30. There was still no new kill count for the unknown companion.

It had been almost an hour since Xia ruofei had received the mission, but he had only completed one – tenth of the mission. If he wanted to break the record, a quarter of the time had already passed.

Xia ruofei suddenly felt a sense of urgency. He briefly checked the body of the middle – Level Mirage beast and then quickly began to collect the materials for the array. He was ready to hurry and continue to find other Mirage beasts.

However, just as he was about to put away a small part of the materials and was ready to continue, he looked up and a line of notification suddenly appeared in the field of vision of the perceptual mirror: Middle – grade Mirage beast found.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but be slightly shocked. He didn’t expect another Shen beast to appear here. If he had known, he wouldn’t have removed the array so quickly.

Xia ruofei stood still and did not dare to move. He waved his hands continuously and set up the part of the formation materials that he had just collected.

Now, Xia ruofei’s understanding of the trap and kill array was getting deeper and deeper. After so many times of practice, he was quite familiar with the technique.

With a bitter smile, he found that the position of the Mirage beast found by the perceptual mirror was roughly in the direction where he had just collected some of the array materials.

This meant that if Xia ruofei continued to set up the array, he might step into the attack range of the Mirage beast. If he fell into the illusion and the array was not fully set up, it would be very dangerous.

This was a bit of a scam. It seemed that the Shen beast had just moved nearby. Otherwise, when Xia ruofei collected the materials, the perceptual mirror would have discovered the traces of the Shen beast.

It was fine if they were closer as Xia ruofei could use his spiritual power to retrieve the materials and set up the formation. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

However, if the distance was too far, even though it was still within the range of his spiritual power, the accuracy would inevitably be reduced if he used his spiritual power to lift the materials and set them up.

To set up an array, especially such an exquisite trap and kill array, the requirement for precision was very high. This meant that Xia ruofei had to face the direction where the Mirage beast might be hiding and walk at least a distance forward before he could set up the array.

He muttered to himself for a moment, then continued to walk forward at a steady pace. As he walked, he inadvertently threw out the materials for the array, gradually restoring the array that he had just dismantled.

At this moment, Xia ruofei was still a little nervous. However, his rationality told him that this was the safest way. Furthermore, he must not show any signs of abnormality. Otherwise, it would be difficult to restore the array.

Therefore, even though he was a little nervous, he did not show it on his face.

Xia ruofei had encountered the Mirage beast a few times and had some experience. He knew that the intelligence of the Mirage beast was much higher than that of the Star Beast. After all, the Mirage beast was good at illusions and knew how to ambush the enemy.

Therefore, Xia ruofei only paused for a moment and then walked forward as if nothing had happened. He did not want the Mirage beast to realize that he was already on alert. This way, the Mirage beast would let down its guard and most likely would not launch an illusion attack immediately.

After all, the illusion was supported by spiritual power. Naturally, the closer Xia ruofei was, the better the effect.

Xia ruofei was also taking a gamble. He was betting that the Shen beast would try to get closer.

This way, he would have a chance to restore the formation.

Xia ruofei’s expression was relaxed, but his heart was tense. Unconsciously, he had walked more than ten meters forward. If his judgment was correct, he should have entered the attack range of the Mirage beast at this moment. However, it was still quiet in front of him, and the illusion had not come.

At this moment, Xia ruofei still had the most important formation material to set up. This material was at the furthest point and he had to move at least five meters forward.

Xia ruofei was under great pressure with every step he took. Once the Shen beast suddenly attacked, he would not be able to hide in the array. As long as he fell into the illusion, he would be attacked passively, just like the Shen beast that was trapped in the trap and kill array.

Besides, Xia ruofei knew the most powerful attack of the Shen beast.

Once he fell into the illusion and could not escape, and the Shen beast launched its strongest attack, creating a sea of fire illusion, Xia ruofei would have no other choice but to hide in the spirit map space.

Unless it was absolutely necessary, Xia ruofei would definitely not want to reveal the spirit map, especially since the Mirage beast was man – made. Perhaps there would be an expert who could understand what was happening here through the Mirage beast’s perspective. Under such circumstances, Xia ruofei was naturally even more unwilling to reveal the spirit map.

Xia ruofei felt that his heart was about to jump out of his chest.

One meter, two meters, three meters ...

Just as Xia ruofei was about to reach the best position, he suddenly felt the space around him start to distort.

Xia ruofei knew that this was not good. He knew that the Mirage beast had launched an attack. The slight distortion of space was a sign of the illusion. The process would be very short.

As expected, Xia ruofei started to feel the stars moving in the illusion.

He gritted his teeth and threw away the materials in his hand. Then, he closed his eyes and retreated.

At the same time, Xia ruofei’s spiritual power had already wrapped around the formation material. As he was not able to move far enough, he could only use his spiritual power to lift the formation material and place it in the designated position. At this moment, accuracy was secondary. Xia ruofei had to take the risk.

After setting up the deathtrap array, he would be able to take the initiative.

If the formation could not be activated due to the lack of precision in the control of his spiritual power, Xia ruofei would be in a passive position. He would have no choice but to hide in the spirit map space.

Xia ruofei retreated as fast as he could, but his spiritual power was able to keep the materials away from him and fly towards the designated location.

The last few meters were covered in a flash. Xia ruofei stopped and put the formation material down with full attention.

At this moment, Xia ruofei, who was standing beside the core node of the formation, suddenly felt that the formation patterns of the entire formation had started to connect. The energy emitted by the spiritual crystal was flying along the path formed by the formation patterns. The trap and kill array had been successfully set up!

...