Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

3335 Encounter (1)

At this time, the scene in front of Xia ruofei was completely different. The illusion set up by the Mirage beast had taken effect. He seemed to be on a deserted island. The salty sea breeze blew from time to time, and he could hear the faint sound of waves hitting the shore.

Xia ruofei was already mentally prepared for such a situation, so he was not moved at all.

In fact, he was already very confident when he successfully set up the trap and kill array.

At this moment, Xia ruofei was standing at the eye of the array. It could be said that he had a lot of support. Therefore, he just stood there without moving.

At the same time, Xia ruofei pretended to be flustered. He released the qushuang flying sword and the blue immortal sword to kill the Tao Wu. Of course, because the illusion had already begun to take effect, Xia ruofei could not find the location of the Mirage beast. The two flying swords could not find their target.

Xia ruofei did not expect such an aimless attack to kill the Mirage beast directly. His purpose was still to lure the enemy in.

The Shen beast was not within the range of his trap and kill array. If the other party did not take the initiative to attack, the illusion would not be able to do anything to Xia ruofei. However, Xia ruofei had no way to deal with the Shen beast.

The longer the stalemate lasted, the more disadvantageous it would be for Xia ruofei. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

After all, he had the ambition to break the record and pass this trial.

Considering the high intelligence of the Mirage beast, Xia ruofei simply pretended to be in a panic after falling into the illusion. He looked around in a daze and used the qushuang flying sword and the blue immortal sword to attack.

The Mirage beast was indeed fooled.

After a short while, the middle – Level Shen beast flew out of its hiding place and rushed towards Xia ruofei.

Xia ruofei was in the illusion and naturally did not notice it. He only realized it when the Mirage beast came close to him.

However, Xia ruofei was already prepared. As soon as the Mirage beast appeared, he struck the seal that he had already prepared at the control core of the array. The trap and kill array was activated in an instant.

The middle – Level Shen beast was about to reach Xia ruofei and felt that its prey was close at hand. However, in the blink of an eye, Xia ruofei had strangely disappeared. At the same time, it also realized that it was surrounded by a thick fog.

The Mirage beast suddenly fell into the trap and kill array, and because it had rushed forward too fiercely, when the array was activated, it had already fallen very deep.

The tables had turned in an instant.

Xia ruofei did not give the Mirage beast any time to react. He checked the waves sent back by the array. After confirming that the Mirage beast was trapped, he did not hesitate to make another hand seal and directly activated the attack mode of the trap and kill array.

Xia ruofei, who had accumulated a lot of experience, would not miss this opportunity. He decisively activated the array to its maximum power.

Another wave of black light almost filled the entire area of the trap and kill array.

There was no suspense after that. The fate of the middle – Level Mirage beast could no longer be changed.

In just five minutes, the middle – Level Mirage beast was on the verge of death.

Its body was still burning with flames, and the air was filled with the fragrance of roasted meat.

He was already injured and on his last breath, so the illusion was naturally unable to be maintained.

Xia ruofei’s figure appeared in front of the Mirage beast. He glanced at this very cute Mirage beast and then with a thought, the qushuang flying sword flew over at an extremely fast speed and directly cut off the head of the Mirage beast.

The mission progress in the perceptual mirror immediately jumped to 4/30.

That unknown companion of his didn’t have any other achievements after killing him.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but smile bitterly. It seemed that he had to rely on himself to break the record. As long as he could kill the remaining 26 Mirage beasts within the time limit, the record would still be his.

However, this way, even if his companion only killed one Mirage beast, he would get the same reward as Xia ruofei. Xia ruofei felt that he had lost out.

Of course, if that companion was really Ling Qingxue, Xia ruofei would not be unhappy. On the contrary, he would definitely agree with her.

Xia ruofei looked at the time. There were only about three hours left. Every second and minute was precious. Hence, he quickly checked again and began to pack up the formation materials. With the previous experience, he was even more cautious now.

After keeping the materials, Xia ruofei randomly chose a direction and continued his search on the bent Frost Flying sword.

An hour passed.

Two hours passed.

Two and a half hours ...

When there was less than half an hour left, Xia ruofei had already killed 25 Mirage beasts.

In the trial space on the third floor of the trial Pagoda, the number of Mirage beasts seemed to be more than the star beasts on the second floor. So, in the past one or two hours, he had found and dealt with 25 mid – grade Mirage beasts.

If Xia ruofei was the only one to complete the task this time, theoretically, he only needed to complete half of the number of Mirage beasts, which was 15. According to the number of Mirage beasts he had killed, he could have completed the task long ago.

However, he had chosen the mode this time, so he had to accept it even if he had to pinch his nose.

And what if that companion was Ling Qingxue?

In fact, Xia ruofei had killed 25 Mirage beasts, while the companion he had not met had only killed four. So, the two of them had killed exactly 29 Mirage beasts together. They were only one intermediate level Mirage beast away from breaking the record.