Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

3340 Chapter 1817 – fight to the death (2)

Xia ruofei didn’t know whether to laugh or cry as he watched Shen tianfang run to the other side. He said,””I’m talking to you! You’re being a little disrespectful if you’re not concentrating!”

Shen tianfang’s body froze and he stopped in a daze.

He knew that his judgment was wrong. Otherwise, how could Xia ruofei be so calm?

Shen tianfang snorted and said,”don’t be so smug!” Watch how I break the formation!”

With that, Shen tianfang took out a black ball from his storage space and looked around. Then, he gritted his teeth and threw the black ball to his left.

After the black ball fell to the ground, it let out a violent explosion, followed by a series of crackling sounds, and raging flames began to spread in that direction.

Shen Tian had obtained this black ball when he was exploring the ancient ruins. He had only obtained four of them, and he had used one for an experiment. Now, he only had three.

Shen tianfang did not know the name of this black ball, but it was extremely powerful. It was much stronger than the energy – gathering bombs in the secular world. Moreover, the flames after the explosion were also different from ordinary flames. They could reach a high temperature of several thousand degrees and could even melt rocks. If they were used to break the array, they could also greatly expand the scope of the destruction. As long as the basic materials of the array were destroyed, the array would naturally collapse.

Although the black ball had landed in the air and did not cause any damage to the formation, Xia ruofei was still shocked by the explosion.

This was the biggest difference between cultivators and monsters and puppets, especially old – School cultivators like Shen tianfang. He always had some life – saving trump cards and means that were impossible to guard against.

Xia ruofei did not know how many of these black balls Shen tianfang had. If there were a lot of them, it would be a little troublesome.

As long as there were enough of them, they could even turn the entire formation into a sea of fire.

Most of the materials used to set up the formation were jade stones, wood, and other objects. It was possible that they would be destroyed in a day if they encountered such an attack.

This method of breaking the formation was a little unreasonable and without any technical skill, but the effect was very good.

Besides, Xia ruofei did not know if Shen tianfang had any other strange treasures besides this black ball. After all, he was a veteran cultivator in the intermediate stage of the Golden core realm. His accumulation could not be underestimated.

Hence, Xia ruofei decided to end the battle quickly.

With a thought, he formed a hand seal and the attack mode of the trap and kill array was immediately activated.

The black rays that had worked against star beasts and Shen beasts started to shoot at Shen tianfang from all directions.

Without the influence of the illusion, Xia ruofei did not need to launch an indiscriminate attack. He could focus all his attacks on Shen tianfang. This way, the black light seemed to be more concentrated.

Shen tianfang was worthy of being an expert in the first heaven society whose cultivation was second only to Chen Nanfeng. Although his vision was severely blocked, he still dodged the black light as soon as it appeared.

However, these rays of light were too dense. They were simply airtight, and they were shooting from all directions as if they would never stop.

Shen tianfang soon felt that his strength was not in his heart.

At this moment, he was extremely flustered because he did not expect this trap array to have a hidden killing move. This was no longer a single trap array, but a high level array that could trap and kill.

Shen tianfang did not know how Xia ruofei was able to set up such a high – Level array. It would be fine if the array flags were given by the elders of the sect, but if it was set up by him, his array skills would be shocking.

If Shen tianfang knew that Xia ruofei was not the only one who had set up the trap and kill array, he would be even more shocked if he found out that Xia ruofei had created the array after he had mastered a lot of knowledge about arrays.

Now, Shen tianfang had no time to care about anything else. He could only try his best to Dodge and think of countermeasures.

It was not a good idea to just Dodge. Shen tianfang soon found that the space for him to Dodge was getting smaller and smaller. If he did not make any changes, he could be hit by the black light at any time.

Shen tianfang had no choice but to take out a Dharma Treasure from his storage space. He hesitated for a moment before opening it. Although he was reluctant to do so, his life was more important.

This long magic treasure was like an umbrella when it was opened, and it directly opened. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

The black light landed on the umbrella – shaped magic treasure and made a clattering sound. Upon closer inspection, only a few small marks were left on the magic treasure, and there was almost no damage.

This way, the pressure on Shen tianfang was greatly reduced. At least half of his body did not need to worry about defense for the time being.

Shen tianfang dodged the black light coming at him from the front and waved his flying sword to cut the light away. He seemed to be at ease.

Xia ruofei saw this and knew that the black light would not be effective for a while.

However, Xia ruofei did not reveal himself rashly. Instead, he continued to increase the power of the formation. The black rays of light became even more concentrated and almost covered the entire sky.

After Shen tianfang flicked away one of the black rays, he could not help but laugh.””Xia ruofei, what else do you have? If that’s all you have, then I’m sorry, but it’s impossible to kill me!”

Xia ruofei crossed his arms in front of his chest and stared at Shen tianfang, who was shouting in the formation. He had no intention of attacking or showing his face.

In fact, this was still Xia ruofei’s cautious approach. He was also worried that Shen tianfang had other tricks up his sleeve, so he did not reveal himself rashly. In addition, he also hoped that the black light could consume Shen tianfang’s vital Qi as much as possible.

To Xia ruofei, the formation would only consume a few spiritual stones to maintain this level of attack. In his spirit map space, there was already a small mountain of ordinary spiritual stones. Usually, when he cultivated, Xia ruofei would think that the energy of the spiritual stones was too low. He would usually use spiritual crystals or even origin crystals, so he did not really care about the consumption of spiritual stones.

Xia ruofei only needed to pay a few spiritual stones, but Shen tianfang had to maintain a high state of concentration. Moreover, it took a lot of energy to Dodge the black light. Hence, Xia ruofei became very patient. He was waiting like a leopard lying motionless in the grass. It might be that he had found his prey.

Xia ruofei was waiting for Shen Tian to be unable to continue releasing his vital Qi.

Shen tianfang naturally knew that he would be in a very passive position if this continued, but he had no choice now. He had to concentrate on dealing with the black rays coming from all kinds of tricky angles. He had no time to study the array and find its flaws.

His vital Qi was being consumed without him realizing it.

Shen tianfang was also complaining in his heart, but he could not think of any good ideas.

Xia ruofei looked coldly at Shen tianfang, who was starting to lose his balance. He did not hide the killing intent in his eyes.

He also took out the qushuang flying sword and the blue immortal sword.

The blue traveling immortal sword circled to the front of Shen tianfang and attacked him at Full Speed with a terrifying momentum.

To Shen tianfang, this kind of attack was easy to defend.

The flying sword he controlled with his spiritual power also floated up and intercepted the blue immortal sword.

However, the frontal attack was only a feint. The real killing move was hidden on the qushuang flying sword. The flying sword silently sneaked behind Shen tianfang and only accelerated when it was very close.

Shen Tian saw the qushuang flying sword coming from behind him and couldn’t help but shout.

Because the qushuang flying sword was very stealthy and Xia ruofei deliberately controlled it, Shen tianfang did not notice it at all. When the qushuang flying sword also attacked him, it was already too late for him to Dodge ...