Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

3341 Dead end (1)

Shen tianfang’s reaction was already considered extremely fast. Moreover, an experienced cultivator like him usually had an extraordinary sense of danger.

However, the situation at that time was too complicated. He had to Dodge the omnipresent black light and was distracted by the sudden attack of the blue travel immortal sword. So when he realized the danger was coming, it was already too late.

Shen tianfang roared and dodged with all his might, almost twisting his body into a fried dough twist. At the same time, he tore off a jade pendant from his chest and crushed it without hesitation.

Instantly, a light screen rose up and enveloped him inside.

It was obvious that the jade pendant was a one – time use defensive magical treasure.

The next moment, the qushuang flying sword stabbed the light curtain.

Due to the obstruction of the light curtain, the speed of the flying sword was slightly slower. However, Xia ruofei had also used all his strength in this attack. The light curtain couldn’t completely block the flying sword and only slowed it down a little.

Soon, the qushuang flying sword broke through the light curtain and stabbed toward Shen tianfang.

It was because of this short delay that Shen tianfang’s body was twisted at an angle. The attack of the qushuang flying sword was slightly off. It did not directly pierce through Shen tianfang’s heart, but through his shoulder.

Shen tianfang cried out in pain and covered the wound on his shoulder as he retreated.

Although there was a hole in the light curtain, the other parts were still in effect, which gave Shen tianfang a chance to catch his breath. The dense light curtain blocked most of the black light.

He turned his head and stared at Xia ruofei, shouting,””I didn’t expect that ... You’re already so strong! Even an intermediate Aurous core cultivator was only at this level! Xia ruofei, I’ve really miscalculated this time. I’ve underestimated you ... So you’ve been pretending to be a pig to eat a Tiger!”

Shen tianfang finally felt Xia ruofei’s true strength from the attack of the qushuang flying sword.

If Xia ruofei was just an ordinary early – Stage golden core cultivator, Shen tianfang’s one – time protection Dharma Treasure would be able to block it.

Although the attack of the flying sword was related to the grade of the flying sword, the strength of the cultivator controlling the flying sword was more important. Without enough strength, no matter how good the flying sword was, it would be useless.

Just like Shen tianfang, he could not control the flying sword in the trial space. He could only control the flying sword with his spiritual energy, just like how Xia ruofei controlled the blue travel celestial sword. Naturally, the power of the flying sword would be greatly reduced.

A child holding a treasured knife that could cut iron like mud might be able to hurt an adult who did not know martial arts. However, when facing a martial arts master with his bare hands, he would definitely not even be able to touch the corner of the other party’s clothes. Moreover, it was very likely that he would hurt himself.

Therefore, from the simple stab of the qushuang flying sword, Shen tianfang could clearly feel that Xia ruofei’s strength had far exceeded that of an early golden core cultivator. If it was an ordinary intermediate stage golden core cultivator, he would not be able to gain an advantage over Xia ruofei.

Xia ruofei did not say a word. He controlled the qushuang flying sword and continued to attack Shen tianfang. At the same time, he did not forget to maintain the black light of the trap and kill array.

Even though the black light could not break through the protective light shield in a short time, Xia ruofei knew that this kind of one – time protective magical equipment had a time limit. Once the effective time was over, the protective shield would disappear without him having to do anything.

Moreover, the more attacks it endured, the greater the consumption of the protective shield, and naturally the shorter the time it could be maintained.

Therefore, he didn’t stop the attack of the black light.

The attack of the qushuang flying sword used the noble Sword technique, and the angle of the attack was extremely strange. It was like a Antelope hanging its horn, leaving no trace. Even though Shen tianfang was experienced and knowledgeable, he was still struggling to deal with it.

Shen Tianxin knew very well that he would die if this continued, so he could not help but feel very anxious.

He had used up most of his trump cards, but he had completely lost the initiative since he was trapped in the formation.

The flying sword pierced through the protective light curtain again. Shen tianfang controlled his flying sword in time and swept it away. At the same time, he jumped to the side and shouted,””Xia ruofei! How about we each take a step back? If you stop now, you will gain the friendship of the first heaven society! And I will never attack you again. I can swear on my inner demon! If I go against my oath, I’ll die from Qi deviation! Now, we are only missing a Mirage beast for our mission. It’s not worth it to waste time here! As long as we kill another Mirage beast as soon as possible, we can break the record and complete the task. At that time, both of us will get rich rewards. Why do you have to fight me to the death?”

Xia ruofei sneered.”Shen tianfang, I wanted to cooperate from the beginning. It was you who suddenly tried to kill me. Otherwise, we would have completed the mission together and received the reward to go to the fourth level!” Now that things have gone south and the defeat is certain, you want to cooperate? What were you doing earlier?”

Shen tianfang saw that the attacks of the qushuang flying sword and the black light were getting fiercer and fiercer. He couldn’t help but shout,””Xia ruofei, I was blinded by greed. I can apologize to you!” Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

“If an apology is useful, why do we need the police?” Xia ruofei said a cliché line and then waved his hand. The qushuang flying sword pierced through the light curtain from an unimaginable angle.