Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

3344 A turn of events (2)

The Mirage beast had actually created an illusion of a super tsunami.

Obviously, this Mirage beast had fallen into the trap and kill array without warning, and in its panic, it had suddenly burst out with much more powerful energy than usual. Although the illusion it had released was not as terrifying as the one created by the dying Mirage beast at the cost of its own energy, the momentum was still very frightening.

Fortunately, Xia ruofei had already killed more than 20 intermediate – Level Mirage beasts on the third floor of the trial Pagoda. He had gained a lot of experience in dealing with illusions.

Hence, after a brief moment of shock and disbelief, Xia ruofei quickly regained his senses.

First, he skillfully formed a few hand seals and immediately activated the trap and kill array’s strongest indiscriminate attack. At the same time, he tightly guarded his spiritual altar and closed his eyes, completely ignoring the huge wave that was dozens of stories high that was pressing down on him. He directly retreated to an important formation eye according to the route he remembered in two steps to ensure that he would not be accidentally injured by the black light released by the array.

Immediately after, Xia ruofei sat down cross – legged at the eye of the array. As he circulated the great Dao technique, he closed his eyes and controlled the array to continue attacking. He completely ignored the huge sound of the waves.

This was the limitation of an illusion. Once the trapped person was not brought into the situation, the power would be greatly reduced.

Xia ruofei was well aware of this, so he did not open his eyes at all. Without the important sense of sight, the other aspects of hearing, touch, and smell were also less affected. In addition, the great Dao technique was indeed very magical. When he used the technique, he unconsciously entered a mysterious state, which could shield him from the negative effects of the outside world to a large extent.

As he did not know the exact location of the Mirage beast, Xia ruofei could only focus on the direction of the vibration of the formation and the general location of the Mirage beast that he had found through the perceptual mirror. He concentrated the black light and launched a more intense attack in that direction. As for the other directions, he could not be sure if the Mirage beast had changed its position, so he could not ignore them completely. However, the attack was not as strong as the attack in the key direction.

In fact, the trap and kill array had been damaged in the battle with Shen tianfang, so its power had been reduced.

Since the Mirage beast’s exact location was not clear, Xia ruofei could only attack indiscriminately, which dispersed his attack power.

As a result, such an attack was weaker than the previous 20 or so times when he killed the intermediate Mirage beast.

Xia ruofei could not find out the condition of the Mirage beast. He did not know if the Mirage beast had been hurt by the continuous attacks.

Of course, he was not completely clueless. The previous 25 sea serpent monsters had given Xia ruofei a lot of experience, so even though he was blind in the illusion, he still had a way to make a rough judgment.

Xia ruofei’s judgment was based on the illusion created by the Mirage beast.

As soon as the trap & kill array was activated, Xia ruofei felt a slight vibration in the tsunami illusion.

As the attacks continued, the tsunami illusion trembled more violently. After another two minutes, Xia ruofei could clearly feel that the details of the illusion had started to become distorted. Even with his eyes open, he could feel the difference between the illusion and the real world. This meant that the illusion’s confounding ability had greatly decreased.

This made Xia ruofei slightly happy. His experience told him that this situation was most likely because the Mirage beast had been injured and could no longer maintain the perfect operation of the illusion.

Xia ruofei was also very clear that the Mirage beast’s body was much weaker than the Star Beast that he had dealt with before. In addition to the characteristics of the trap and kill array’s Black light, it also determined that even if the Mirage beast was only scratched a little, the subsequent burning flames would definitely cause continuous damage to it.

Therefore, Xia ruofei was very confident in killing the Mirage beast.

The only thing that was restricting him was time.

The mission bar in the perceptual mirror’s field of view showed that if he wanted to break the record, he had about four minutes left. If he could not deal with the Mirage beast that came to him in four minutes, then although he could still complete the mission, he would have no chance of breaking the record.

Xia ruofei had no other choice but to continue to maintain the array’s maximum attack. At the same time, he kept repeating in his heart, hoping that the Shen beast would die soon.

Fortunately, as the illusion became more and more unstable, Xia ruofei did not need to spare any energy to resist the influence of the illusion.

Even though it was still a terrifying tsunami in front of him, it was already very distorted. Even if Xia ruofei could only watch the waves come crashing down, he would not be affected at all.

Therefore, he could focus on controlling the array.

At the same time, he also tried to use his spiritual power to search. If he could find a more accurate position, then all the attacks could be concentrated, and the efficiency would naturally increase a lot.

In the trap and kill array, the black light howled and wreaked havoc in the entire array space. The black light was especially dense at the places where the Shen beast might appear.

Just a dozen meters away from Xia ruofei, a blood – covered Mirage beast with many burning flames was dodging the black attacks. Its white fur was almost completely blackened by the smoke and it looked very miserable.

Its eyes were bloodshot, and it let out a shrill roar.

However, the black light didn’t seem to have any signs of stopping, and it continued to attack it.

Every once in a while, a wound would appear on its body, and the wound would quickly burst into flames.

The Shen beast’s injuries were getting worse.

At this moment, Xia ruofei, who was in the eye of the formation and constantly searching with his spiritual power, suddenly felt a mass of chaotic spiritual fluctuations.

At the same time, he also felt the illusion shake.

Xia ruofei’s spirit was suddenly lifted. He knew that the Shen beast must have suffered another heavy blow, which was why its spiritual fluctuations were suddenly in disorder. He could detect it immediately.

With the Mirage beast’s exact location, Xia ruofei did not hesitate to form hand seals to control the attack of the trap and kill array. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

All of a sudden, all the black light concentrated on the spot where the Shen beast’s mental energy fluctuated chaotically.

The density of the attacks had increased by more than five times.

How could the Mirage beast, which was already badly injured, resist such an overwhelming attack? not to mention, such a violent change in rhythm caught it off guard.

Therefore, almost at the same second, three black rays of light penetrated the Mirage beast’s body at the same time.

The middle – Level Mirage beast let out a shrill cry and fell to the ground.

At the same time, Xia ruofei also felt the illusion around him begin to break apart.

He was overjoyed and immediately used his mental power to investigate. At the same time, he controlled more black rays to attack the Mirage beast.

It was like an endless heavenly punishment falling from the sky. The Mirage beast, which was already on its last breath, had no strength to Dodge. Its eyes were filled with despair as it watched the black light grow bigger and bigger in its vision ...

Puff, puff, puff ...

The sound of the black light piercing through the Mirage beast’s body was endless. In an instant, the Mirage beast turned into a hornet’s nest, and its life force was exhausted in just two to three seconds.

At this moment, Xia ruofei saw the mission countdown in his perceptual mirror stop.

The time showed that there was 1 minute and 36 seconds left, and it just froze there.

Immediately after, a line of text appeared in the field of vision of the perceptual mirror: Congratulations, you have successfully completed the trial tower’s third level mission, killing 30 intermediate – Level Mirage beasts.