Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

3346 Harvest (2)

However, the items in Shen Tian’s storage belt were not satisfactory.

There were 10000 spiritual stones, 100 spiritual crystals, and only 9 origin crystals in the storage belt.

Compared to Xia ruofei’s wealth, this amount of wealth was pitifully little. He activated the trap and kill array with all his might and killed a total of 26 Shen beasts. He even used the trap and kill array to kill Shen tianfang. Most of the time, he activated the attack power of the trap and kill array to the maximum. On the third level of the trial Pagoda, the array alone consumed dozens of spiritual crystals.

If it was Shen tianfang, his net worth would be reduced by half.

Under normal circumstances, cultivators were used to carrying all their belongings with them. At least, the most important and precious treasures would definitely be carried with them. This was because storage Dharma Treasures were very convenient. No matter where it was hidden, it was definitely not as safe as carrying it with them. Of course, if one died, like what Shen tianfang had done, then all their belongings would naturally belong to someone else. But he was already dead, who would care about what happened after he died? Cultivators were definitely mentally prepared to die an unnatural death.

Although the spiritual crystals and spiritual stones were not much, it was better than nothing. Xia ruofei naturally accepted them with a smile. He directly transferred all the spiritual crystals and spiritual stones into the spirit map space and put them together with the wealth he had accumulated.

About 10,000 spiritual stones were placed in the small mountain of spiritual stones in Xia ruofei’s medium space. The spiritual stone Mountain didn’t seem to have changed much and still looked as big as before.

From this, it could be seen how insignificant this small amount of spiritual stones was compared to Xia ruofei’s total wealth.

In Shen tianfang’s storage belt, besides spiritual crystals and spiritual stones, there were also a few cultivation techniques. They should be some of the more powerful cultivation techniques of the first heaven society. However, Xia ruofei had a large number of cultivation classics in the Jade talisman of inheritance, many of which had been lost in the modern cultivation world, so he was not interested in the first heaven society’s cultivation techniques.

After he took it out, he casually flipped through it and found that these cultivation techniques could only be considered ordinary. He simply put his hands together, and a flame appeared between his palms. These cultivation techniques were directly burned clean.

However, after burning the technique, Xia ruofei couldn’t help but raise his eyebrows.

Because he felt that there was something in his palm.

He put away the flame and spread out his palm to take a look. He found that several cultivation methods had been completely turned to ashes, but there was something like a golden foil left in the center of his palm.

This piece of golden foil was very, very thin, and looked very fragile.

However, the fire had no effect on it. Xia ruofei tried to tear it apart with a little more force but realized that it could not be torn at all.

Xia ruofei increased his strength, but the Golden foil did not move at all. There was no sign of it being torn.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but become very interested in it.

He held the gold foil in front of his eyes and looked at it carefully. The thickness of this thin gold foil was only one – tenth of a millimeter thick. He did not know what material it was made of. With Xia ruofei’s strength, if it was made of ordinary metal, it would have been torn apart easily.

In addition, there were some faint patterns on the Golden foil. Xia ruofei looked at it briefly and did not understand the meaning behind it, but he felt that it was quite mysterious.

Xia ruofei knew that this piece of golden foil was not simple. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

He even felt that even Shen tianfang himself did not know that such a treasure was hidden in one of the cultivation techniques. Otherwise, Shen tianfang would have taken it out and studied it day and night, instead of letting it be sandwiched between the pages of the cultivation technique.

However, Xia ruofei couldn’t focus on the secrets of the Golden foil now. After all, he still needed to get to the fourth floor of the trial Pagoda as soon as possible, especially to find a way to meet up with Ling Qingxue.

Therefore, after Xia ruofei’s simple study was fruitless, he solemnly kept the gold foil in the stone chamber in the mountain and sea realm of the spirit map space. He would keep all the more important things in the stone chamber. Other than him, the owner of the spirit map space, no one else, not even Xia Qing, could enter.

After Shen Tian had dealt with the cultivation technique and spirit stones, the only things left in his storage belt were some miscellaneous items.

Some of Shen Tian’s clothes and daily necessities were simply checked by Xia ruofei before he burned them.

After cleaning up, there weren’t many things left in the storage belt.

One of them was a black ball, which piqued Xia ruofei’s interest.

This was because Shen tianfang had taken out a black ball like this when he was trapped. After he threw it out, it exploded violently and began to burn violently, producing a terrifying temperature of several thousand degrees. It had caused considerable damage to the confinement killing array.

When Shen tianfang was trapped, this black ball should have been one of his trump cards. Unfortunately, Shen tianfang had used up two black balls in the formation, and there was only one left in the storage belt.

This was probably the last of Shen tianfang’s stock.

Xia ruofei muttered to himself,”this is good stuff!” Unfortunately, there’s only one left. I don’t know what this thing is called ...”

If one were to suddenly throw out such a black ball during an intense battle, even an intermediate golden core cultivator would be caught off guard and would definitely suffer a great loss.

After all, the black ball’s explosion had a very large damage range.

Xia ruofei kept the black ball and checked the rest of the items.

There were not many good things left. They were all ordinary Dharma Treasures with a lot of patterns. They should have been accumulated by Shen tianfang over the years.

In fact, such an ordinary Dharma Treasure was no longer useful to Shen tianfang. He must have put it in his storage Dharma Treasure casually, and sometimes he would give it to his disciples.

Naturally, Xia ruofei was not interested in these things. He was here to destroy the corpse. The people of the first heaven society might know that these things were placed by Shen Tian, so he could not keep them.

Xia Rufei used the qushuang flying sword to cut all the items into pieces. After destroying the array, he set fire to it and burned it clean. Only some of the more special materials were indestructible. Xia ruofei kept all of them in the spirit map space. He was going to find a place with no one around, such as the depths of the ocean, and then throw them away.

In fact, he also knew that the chances of other people entering this trial space were very low. The chances were even lower if it was someone from the first heaven society. However, he had always been very cautious and didn’t want to leave behind any flaws. Therefore, he was very careful when dealing with it.

Xia ruofei then destroyed the storage belt.

He had a deep understanding of space arrays, so it didn’t take him much effort to destroy the connection between the storage belt and the small space. The next step was to use the qushuang flying sword to completely destroy and burn the belt.

In the end, Xia ruofei also felt that it was a little tiring to deal with it this way, so he simply activated the attack function of the trap and kill array. Black rays suddenly fell from the sky and directly hit Shen tianfang’s body. Soon, the raging flames started burning again.

Under Xia ruofei’s careful control, the fire burned thoroughly this time.

In a short while, Shen tianfang’s body was burned to ashes. Xia ruofei waved his hand and the ashes were blown away by the wind. Shen tianfang had completely disappeared from the world.

After Xia ruofei had cleaned up the traces, he used his spiritual power to check the surroundings before he carefully kept the trap and kill array.

In the past few battles, the trap & kill array had been damaged quite a bit. Xia ruofei had to find time to replace a few of the array materials. Otherwise, the power of the array would be reduced by a lot. During the mission in the two levels of the trial space, Xia ruofei found that the trap & kill array was very useful. He guessed that it might be useful in the next mission.

After that, Xia ruofei turned his attention to the perceptual mirror.

The entrance to the Tower of Trials “fourth floor had indeed been opened, forming an arrow in the field of vision of the perceptual mirror.

At this moment, new content began to appear in the mission prompt. Xia ruofei’s spirit was lifted and he looked at it with hope.