Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

3347 Choosing_1 again

As Xia ruofei had expected, the notification from the perceptual mirror was the reward for completing the third level of the Tower of Trials.

When he saw this line of text, Xia ruofei could not help but be stunned.

Because it said,”congratulations on breaking the record for the third level of the Tower of Trials, you will receive an additional reward.” The reward for breaking the record was to choose one out of two. The first reward was to upgrade the quality of the Suan ni energy storage bead by one grade and five hundred origin crystals. The second reward, Yingying, can randomly teleport a companion to the same trial space on the fourth floor of the Tower of Trials. In addition, you will not be separated in the subsequent trial missions, unless one or two of you die.

Xia ruofei didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. The expert who designed this mission was really persistent!

The rewards for breaking the record on the third floor and the second floor were almost the same.

Of course, there was a difference. Compared to the reward for breaking the record on the second level of the trial Pagoda, if Xia ruofei had chosen the first reward, he would have received an additional 500 crystals. If Xia ruofei chose the second reward, it would also ensure that his companion, who was sent to the same space, would not be separated from him in the subsequent trial missions. In other words, if they successfully completed the mission and entered the fifth level of the Tower of Trials, they would still be in the same small space.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but fall into deep thought.

Obviously, the condition of upgrading the elemental storage Pearl by one level was very attractive. Xia ruofei was already very tempted during the last trial mission. This time, he had even increased the price by 500 spiritual crystals. Naturally, it was even more attractive.

As for the reward of being teleported to the same trial space as his companion, it was also increased.

From this description, it could be seen that even if Xia ruofei was randomly teleported to the same place as Ling Qingxue, they would still be separated after they reached the fourth level of the trial Pagoda.

As for the reward this time, if he got the chance to be with Ling Qingxue, then the two of them would be able to be together for the rest of the trials.

Without a doubt, this was a great temptation for Xia ruofei.

However, it was still the same problem. The probability of him being sent to the same training space as Ling Qingxue was not high.

Even though Shen tianfang was dead, the probability did not increase much. It only increased from one – eighth to one – seventh.

If Xia ruofei chose this reward, it would mean that he would have to bet on the one in seven chance of sending anyone other than Ling Qingxue to the same trial space as him. It would be meaningless to him and might even bring some trouble, just like Shen tianfang this time.

Should he choose the reward that he could see, or should he try his luck again?

Xia ruofei didn’t dwell on this question for too long. He quickly made his decision and continued to bet on the second reward.

Xia ruofei was never a person who believed in heresy. Furthermore, his worry and concern for Ling Qingxue grew as time passed. After the completion of the previous trial mission, Xia ruofei had already chosen the second reward. Now, it was only an increase of 500 origin crystals. Even though this amount of origin crystals was very attractive to Xia ruofei, it was still not enough to make him change his mind.

Not to mention that the second reward had also been increased. Not only did it increase the probability slightly, but more importantly, if he really won the bet, he and Ling Qingxue would not have to be separated in this secret realm.

This point alone had already tipped the scales in Xia ruofei’s heart. Hence, he only needed to think for a few seconds before he made up his mind.

He no longer considered the problem of choice, and his gaze fell on the regular mission completion reward.

Xia ruofei’s reward for completing the third level of the Tower of Trials was a set of illusionary array diagrams.

Obviously, the third level of the trial Pagoda was related to the illusionary realm. Once one entered the trial space, one would be directly sent to the trial of the illusionary realm. In this space, the Mirage beasts that Xia ruofei had to kill were also good at illusionary realm attacks. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

The reward for completing the mission was naturally a set of illusory formation diagrams.

Of course, this was only an array diagram, not an array flag that could be used directly.

Without a certain level of array Dao, one might not even be able to understand the array diagram, let alone set up an illusion. Even if they could barely understand the array diagram, some people might not be able to set up an illusion due to various reasons, such as insufficient materials or insufficient carving techniques.

No matter what, Xia ruofei was satisfied with the mission reward.

He was quite confident in his array Dao level. Moreover, he had a large amount of array materials stored in the space, so the problem of insufficient materials should not exist.

Besides, this mission only had one reward. There was no choice between the two. Xia ruofei would not give up on this reward.

All the rewards were not given directly. Xia ruofei was getting more and more familiar with the missions in the Tower of Trials.

Hence, Xia ruofei was not in a hurry. He took out the spirit map scroll and found a secret place to hide it. Then, he entered the spirit map space.

He was within the range of the time array flag at the Archean realm. He was meditating and cultivating while recovering his state.