Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

3348 Choosing_2 again

After adjusting his state, Xia ruofei came out of the spirit map space and followed the arrow in the perceptual mirror’s field of vision. He began to move towards the entrance to the fourth level of the trial tower.

As they moved forward, Xia ruofei was also very alert.

However, perhaps it was because the mission had been completed, the Mirage beasts had retreated. Anyway, Xia ruofei did not encounter any danger along the way.

He only heaved a sigh of relief when he saw a green stone gate in the middle of a wasteland.

The green stone door was right in front of the arrow in the vision of the perceptual mirror. Xia ruofei knew that this should be the passage to the fourth level of the trial Pagoda.

This was the most similar door that Xia ruofei had seen.

He took a deep breath and walked to the front of the bluestone door. The door was already shrouded in a white fog, and he could only vaguely see the outline of the bluestone door frame. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

When he got closer, he saw a bronze gate.

On the surface of the bronze door, there was a concave position, and on top of it was a thin book.

Xia ruofei walked over and picked it up. It was the misty illusory formation that was mentioned in the vision of the perceptual mirror.

Xia ruofei picked up the formation map and studied it briefly. He realized that they had studied it very thoroughly. The method of setting up the illusion was also very advanced. The principles were also explained in simple terms. Therefore, even though he had never come into contact with a pure illusion formation and had only skimmed through it quickly, he still felt that he had gained a lot.

Xia ruofei thought for a while and felt that he should prepare the materials for the illusory formation. After all, he didn’t know what kind of difficulties he would encounter when he entered the fourth level of the Tower of Trials. It would definitely be helpful for him to master an illusion array.

Hence, even though Xia ruofei knew that he could enter the small space on the fourth level of the Tower of Trials after crossing the bronze door, he still decided to stay on the third level. He would only go to the fourth level after he had prepared the materials according to the diagram and successfully set up the illusion array.

After Xia ruofei summoned the spirit map, he first found a secret place to hide the scroll. He even put on some camouflage outside before entering the spirit map space.

He directly arrived at the Archean realm and entered the effective range of the time array flags.

With the difference in time flow of a thousand times, Xia ruofei did not have to worry.

He sat in the effective range of the time array flag and started to study this illusion array diagram.

Xia ruofei spent a day and a night to understand the basic principles of the formation.

The diagram explained in detail what materials were needed for this thousand illusion formation, how to deal with them, how to set them up, and so on.

If one’s mental energy was strong enough, even if some powerful cultivators did not know much about arrays, they could still process the materials accordingly. Xia ruofei could do the same.

However, to be able to understand the basic principles of the array in such a short time was not just knowing how it was, but basically knowing why it was so.

In this way, when processing the materials of the formation and setting up the formation, it would be more targeted, and the success rate would naturally increase a lot.

This was what it meant to sharpen a knife without delaying the work of cutting wood.

As expected, Xia ruofei’s one day and one night was not wasted. He started to process the materials needed for the formation. Although they were common materials that he often processed, the formation patterns were brand new.

And he still maintained a very high success rate, spending about a day or so to prepare the materials for the array, and the materials wasted because of the mistake, the total consumption was less than 10%.

If an array master were to see such a success rate, their jaws would definitely drop. Basically, even a mature array master would find it difficult to achieve such a success rate after making it many times and being extremely familiar with it.

After Xia ruofei had prepared the materials, he took a short break and adjusted his state of mind. Then, he left the spirit map space and brought the materials back to the small space on the third level of the Tower of Trials.

He followed the instructions of the formation diagram and started to set up the thousand illusionary formation.

The complexity of this formation was slightly lower than that of the deathtrap array. However, Xia ruofei had set up deathtrap arrays many times and was already very familiar with it. This thousand illusionary array was still at the theoretical level, so it was inevitable that he was a little rusty in setting it up.

However, because he had a deep understanding of the principles of the array, he was able to successfully set it up despite the time he spent.

Xia ruofei thought for a while and had an idea.

At that moment, the free laborers who were working in the herb gardens and fields of the mountain and sea realm in the spirit map space suddenly realized that one of their companions had disappeared into thin air. They immediately cried out in fear.

Xia Qing appeared in front of them and said indifferently,””Everyone, don’t make a fuss. Bason was just called by his master to complete other tasks. You guys continue to work!”

When Xia ruofei took basong out of the spirit map space, he also informed Xia Qing, so Xia Qing came out in time to stop everyone’s restlessness.

Bason, nicknamed wizard, was the head of the shadow team and had a high status in the assassin organization.

However, after such a long period of “reform through labor”, he had long been honest and resigned to his fate. He just wanted to perform well in exchange for more points so that he could live a little better.

Today, he was burying his head in the field when he suddenly felt a strong force coming at him. His entire body was bound by an invisible force, and he could not even move a finger.

Immediately after, he felt the world spin around him, and he couldn’t help but scream in fear.

The next moment, he realized that he was in a very strange environment. Then, he saw Xia ruofei standing not far away and his scream stopped.

Ong trembled and shouted in broken Chinese,””M – Master ... I’ve always been honest and serious. I wonder what I ...”

Xia ruofei frowned and interrupted Ong,””I transferred you to the outside world today because I have a mission for you. As long as you complete it well, I will ask Xia Qing to give you an additional 100 points!”

Ong’s eyes lit up. Normally, he could only earn a few points in a day, but a mission issued by his master actually gave him a hundred points as a reward. This was a great deal!

In fact, Xia ruofei didn’t know much about the details of the points system set by Xia Qing. The 100 points reward was just a casual remark. Anyway, the points were precious to free labor, but they were not worth mentioning in Xia ruofei’s eyes. They were nothing more than some cheap supplies, whether it was cigarettes, white wine, or snacks. Even if it was to buy a car full of cars, it was not a big deal for Xia ruofei and he could buy them at anytime.

Bason said in broken Chinese,””Master, please give me your orders! This little one will definitely do my best to complete it!”

Xia ruofei nodded and pointed at the area of the illusion.””Go to that position!”

Bason was stunned for a moment before he nodded and said,”Yes! Master!”

Ong had no idea what Xia ruofei was up to, but the 100 points were like a shot in the arm. He was full of enthusiasm and would do whatever Xia ruofei said.

How many cigarettes and beer could one get with 100 points? Just thinking about it made him happy!

After hearing Xia ruofei’s instructions, Ong strode to the spot Xia ruofei had pointed out and looked at Xia ruofei enthusiastically.””Master, do you have any other orders?”

“Just stand there and don’t move!” Xia ruofei said indifferently.

“Alright ...” Bason was confused as he nodded.

Xia ruofei made a hand seal and raised his hand to hit the core of the formation. Suddenly, the thousand illusion formation was activated.