Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

3350 Thousand illusionary array (2)

Bassoon was overwhelmed with emotions. A hundred points were precious in the eyes of the free labor in the spirit map space. However, when he thought about the terrifying scene he had just experienced, he felt that a hundred points didn’t seem like much.

If he had known beforehand, Bason wouldn’t have gone through such a terrifying experience just for 100 points.

Of course, he had no other choice.

Therefore, he was still very happy to be able to earn 100 points.

With so many points, he would be able to live a carefree life for a long time.

Even when he didn’t want to work, he could use his points to exchange for a day or two off.

It was just that it was very expensive to exchange points for rest time. Generally speaking, they were not willing to work so extravagantly. Although it was tiring, they would get used to it. Points could be exchanged for many good things, so how could they be used casually?

With a wave of his hand, Xia ruofei sent basong into the mountain and sea realm of the spirit map space. At the same time, he transmitted a message to Xia Qing, who was in the space, to give basong an additional 100 points.

The free laborers used their points to exchange for the most things, such as cigarettes, alcohol, and snacks. To Xia ruofei, these things were naturally worthless. He could buy a lot of them with a few tens of thousands of Yuan and store them in the space for everyone to exchange for.

After sending Bason into the medium, Xia ruofei finally looked satisfied.

The test of the thousand illusionary formation had clearly been very successful.

Of course, Xia ruofei did not try out all the functions of the illusory formation.

After all, Bason was just an ordinary person. Many of the powerful effects of the illusion array were hard to resist even for cultivators.

For example, even cultivators would be affected by scenes like lava or volcanoes. They might even fall into an illusion and never be able to escape.

Once a person encountered a natural disaster like a volcano eruption and died in the illusionary realm, he would actually die. His spirit body would be destroyed, and his physical body would naturally not be able to survive. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

If such a scene was used on Bason, he would definitely die.

Xia ruofei only wanted to test the array, not bassoon’s life. Hence, he didn’t even try the scenes that were obviously beyond his tolerance.

However, since there was no problem with those simple scenes, there would basically be no problem with the complicated and powerful scenes. If there were any loopholes in the array, they would be exposed after trying a dozen scenarios.

Hence, Xia ruofei could finally confirm that his thousand illusion formation was a success.

Xia ruofei kept the materials for the formation one by one. The next thing was to prepare to enter the fourth level of the trial Pagoda.

Xia ruofei kept the materials and diagram of the thousand illusion array into the spirit map space and then looked at the huge bronze door.

Only the huge door frame was left behind. There were exquisite embossed on the door frame. Xia ruofei took a closer look and realized that there were all kinds of giant beasts on the carvings. He did not recognize any of them. However, he soon realized that star beasts and sea serpent beasts were among them.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but feel curious. He silently memorized the appearance of the other giant beasts that he didn’t know.

In the middle of the door was that familiar light screen.

Five – colored rays of light swirled in the light curtain, looking very beautiful.

Similarly, even if he stared at the light screen without blinking, he still couldn’t see any useful information. It was the same for his mind power, which couldn’t penetrate the light screen at all.

Xia ruofei was just trying and did not have any high hopes.

He looked at the five – colored light screen between the bronze door frame, took a deep breath, and then stepped through the door ...

After the familiar dizziness, Xia ruofei, who was already on guard, stepped into a strange land.

He had never believed in gods or Buddha, but the moment he stepped through the door, he had been praying in his heart that he could randomly put Ling Qingxue in the same small space as him.

This time, Xia ruofei’s desire was even stronger because the mission reward had clearly stated that the companions who were randomly assigned to the same place would also be with him in the subsequent trial missions on the other levels.

If Ling Qingxue had been randomly chosen, then the two of them would never have been separated again.

Xia ruofei was on full alert. As soon as he entered the fourth level of the trial Pagoda, he immediately released his spiritual power to investigate. He looked around, trying to figure out the surrounding environment as soon as possible.

This was a boundless wasteland.

There was almost no grass on the ground, only a few plants similar to camel’s thorn grew in the gravel. Their numbers were very small, and they could not cover the entire ground at all. They were scattered here and there like fresh cow leather, adding a sense of desolation to the wilderness.

The gravel on the ground had some white particles. It seemed that this was saline – alkali land, so there were no other plants growing except for the plants similar to camel’s thorn.

Of course, Xia ruofei was also very clear that this was not the real outside world, but a small space similar to the spirit map space. Therefore, this desolate environment was deliberately set up by the Almighty who created this trial Pagoda.

As for the purpose of the Almighty, Xia ruofei had no idea.