Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

3351 Thousand illusionary array (3)

However, Xia ruofei did like the terrain.

At least, it wasn’t as complicated as the forest. One could see far away from here.

After the battle with the Shen beast, Xia ruofei could confirm that spiritual detection was not omnipotent. Many monsters with higher cultivation than him or even similar cultivation to him could hide their aura very well.

In such a situation, it was very important for one’s vision to be unobstructed.

In such an environment, Xia ruofei could at least detect that something was wrong and respond to it before danger came.

If they were in the forest, they would often be caught off guard and respond in a hurry. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

After looking around, Xia ruofei did not find any danger.

Of course, he wasn’t so lucky that he would be teleported to the same place as his companion.

In his field of vision, he did not see anyone at all, not even a shadow.

The mission for the trial Pagoda’s fourth floor had not been released yet.

Xia ruofei looked around. Every direction looked the same and the scenery was the same. It was all a desolate scene.

He could only choose based on his feelings.

Xia ruofei immediately took out the qushuang flying sword and casually threw it into the air. Then, he let the flying sword fall to the ground.

When he couldn’t determine which direction to go, Xia ruofei could only use his flying sword to make the decision. It was similar to throwing his shoes.

The tip of the qushuang flying sword was pointed right in front of Xia ruofei.

Xia ruofei nodded. His right hand grabbed at the air and the qushuang flying sword immediately floated in the air.

Then, Xia ruofei stepped on his flying sword and flew in the direction the hilt of the sword had pointed to. It was the exact spot behind where he had been standing.

Initially, Xia ruofei wanted to choose the direction of the sword tip. However, he changed his mind and thought,”why not do the opposite?” Perhaps he could immediately find the companion who had come here randomly!

In fact, there was no difference in the direction of the sword tip and the hilt. To Xia ruofei, he did not know what was waiting for him in front, so he might as well take the initiative to look for it.

Xia ruofei stepped on his flying sword and flew close to the ground.

The qushuang flying sword carrying Xia ruofei brought along a whistling sword wind and rapidly advanced about a foot above the ground.

The wilderness seemed to have nothing but camel’s thorns, so Xia ruofei could fly freely without having to worry about avoiding obstacles.

Just as he was about ten kilometers away, a line of words suddenly appeared in the perceptual mirror: The fourth level of the Tower of Trials mission has begun!

Xia ruofei quickly stopped and carefully read the details of the mission on the fourth level.

On the mission bar in the field of vision of the perceptual mirror, there was a line of words: “the trial tower’s fourth level mission.” The difficulty of the mission will be determined by the cultivation of the companion who will be randomly sent to this small space with you and your own cultivation. The higher the cultivation, the higher the difficulty. The number of missions will be doubled.

This way of determining the mission was exactly the same as the third level of the Tower of Trials. Hence, Xia ruofei did not study it in detail after a quick glance.

The next section was the specific content of the fourth level’s trial mission. The time limit for breaking the record was four hours, and the time limit for completing the mission was twelve hours. If the mission was not completed within the time limit, it would be judged as a failure. Regardless of whether the mission was completed or not, the time limit for staying on the fourth level was twelve hours. If the time limit was exceeded, the person would be forcibly teleported out of this space.