Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

3352 Out of expectation (1)

When Xia ruofei saw the mission notification, he suddenly felt a sense of pressure.

The missions on the previous levels only had a standard, but there was no time limit. If they wanted to break the record, they had to race against time and complete the task within the time limit. However, if they only wanted to complete the task, they could actually slow down the pace a little.

In other words, unless one died in the process of the mission, one could continue to complete the mission until it was completed.

However, on the 4th level of the trial Pagoda, the missions started to have a time limit.

Twelve hours, that was twelve hours.

No matter how successful the mission was, Xia ruofei would only be able to stay in this trial space for 12 hours.

The mission this time was no longer to kill monsters, but to collect items.

Xia ruofei did not know what the yellow jade essence was. However, according to the rules, even if Ling Qingxue or one of the other Qi refining cultivators was randomly sent over, the number of tasks would be measured according to Xia ruofei’s strength and would double on that basis.

In other words, it was not easy to collect five hundred pieces of yellow jade essence.

Not to mention breaking the record, if he could not collect enough Topaz essence within twelve hours, it would mean that he had failed the mission and Xia ruofei would be teleported out of this trial space.

Then this trip to the trial Pagoda would come to an end.

Xia ruofei and the rest had gone through a lot to reach the moon and find this secret realm. The Tower of Trials was obviously the most important place in this secret realm. If they gave up halfway, they would not be able to gain much from this secret realm.

Xia ruofei saw that after the mission was announced, a countdown had appeared on the top of his perceptual mirror. In other words, the countdown had already started as soon as the mission was announced. No matter how the mission was completed, Xia ruofei’s journey to the fourth level of the Tower of Trials would end in twelve hours.

He immediately felt a mountain of pressure.

Xia ruofei stepped on the qushuang flying sword and flew in the direction he had chosen earlier. At the same time, he was scanning a large area with his spiritual power. He was in the dark and had no idea what the yellow jade essence was, so he could only search blindly while riding his flying sword.

Speaking of which, Xia ruofei had an advantage over ordinary cultivators. After all, he could ride a flying sword and his speed was much faster than the other cultivators.

However, Xia ruofei stopped after flying for a short while.

It wasn’t that he had encountered any danger. On the contrary, this wasteland was extremely calm, and there was nothing wrong at all.

Xia ruofei saw some changes in his perceptual mirror.

Just like the first floor of the Tower of Trials, a map appeared in the field of vision of the sensory mirror, and the range was getting larger and larger, as if it was going to cover the entire fourth floor of the Tower of Trials.

This was the first time Xia ruofei had encountered such a situation. On the second and third floor of the Tower of Trials, the sensory mirror could not display the entire map because of the large space. Only the places that Xia ruofei had walked past would be displayed on the map.

By right, the fourth floor of the Tower of Trials shouldn’t be showing all the maps!

Xia ruofei watched as the map in his perceptual mirror expanded.

Immediately after, he noticed that golden dots of light had appeared on the map one after another. Some of the dots were quite far apart, while some were simply several dots of light gathered together.

In a short while, the dots of light on the map were like stars, almost covering the entire map.

An idea popped up in Xia ruofei’s mind. Could these light spots represent the Topaz essence?

He quickly felt that this idea was too crazy. If it was really like this, then what kind of difficulty would this trial Pagoda’s fourth level mission have?

No matter what, with such a strange situation happening, Xia ruofei would definitely ask for verification. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

On the map of the perceptual mirror, he was a blue circle of light with an arrow on it. When he turned his body, the arrow would also turn, similar to walking navigation.

Hence, Xia ruofei found the spot of light closest to him, changed his direction, and flew over on the qushuang flying sword.

The map showed that it was not far away, but Xia ruofei still flew for more than two minutes before he reached the spot of the light.

There was nothing in this position, not even a camel’s thorn.

Xia ruofei muttered to himself. He felt that the spots of light in the perceptual mirror were not random. Since there was nothing on the ground, he would dig down and take a look.

It was mostly saline – alkali land. However, for a cultivator like Xia ruofei, digging a Hole in the Rock was not a difficult task.

Xia ruofei took out a shovel from the space and started to dig at the spot of light indicated on the perceptual mirror map.

He used a wisp of Yuan Qi and waved the military shovel like it was flying. The soil was thrown to the side.

In a short while, he had dug out a hole that was 20 to 30 centimeters deep.

Xia ruofei did not continue digging because there was a hexagonal crystal – like object with a light yellow color at the bottom of the pit.

He used a shovel to dig away the soil around the yellow crystal, then reached out and gently dug out the yellow crystal from the pit.