Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

3353 Out of expectations (2)

Just as Xia ruofei was about to use his spiritual power to examine the light yellow crystal, he realized that the real – time mission completion status in his perception mirror had changed.

1/5

Xia ruofei was stunned for a moment. He looked at the light yellow crystal in his hand and couldn’t help but Mutter to himself,””You’re the yellow jade Spirit? You’ve completed one?”

Xia ruofei couldn’t believe it, but his rationality told him that the yellow jade essence in his hand was real. When he picked up the light yellow crystal, his companion who was randomly sent to this small space happened to find a yellow jade essence. The probability of this happening was too low.

The difficulty of the fourth level of the Tower of Trials was beyond Xia ruofei’s expectations.

Not only were there no monsters guarding the area around the yellow jade essence, but it was also easy to dig it out. Most importantly, Xia ruofei’s sensory mirror had already marked the distribution of the yellow jade essence in detail. Xia ruofei only needed to follow the map.

Xia ruofei almost laughed out loud. How could such a difficult task need four hours to be completed? Even if the mission requirements were doubled, it shouldn’t have taken so long!

Could it be that breaking a record was a very simple matter?

Xia ruofei thought for a moment and guessed the reason. He had obtained the Kasaya perceptual mirror by chance. Other cultivators who had made it to this level might not have one. Without the help of the perceptual mirror, the location of the yellow jade Spirit would not be directly marked on the map. It would not be so easy for them to complete the task.

In that case, this record – breaking reward should have been picked up for free. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

However, Xia ruofei still needed to confirm.

What if the mission progress was really completed by another companion who was randomly sent to this space, and the light yellow crystal in his hand was not the Topaz essence? wouldn’t he be happy for nothing?

Hence, Xia ruofei immediately followed the instructions on the perceptual map and flew towards the next golden light spot on his sword.

This light spot was closer and Xia ruofei’s flying sword was very fast. Hence, he arrived at the light spot on the map in less than a minute.

Xia ruofei jumped off the flying sword and started to work with the shovel without a word.

After a while, another pale yellow crystal with a hexagonal shape appeared in front of Xia ruofei.

He reached out his hand and grabbed the light yellow crystal in his hand.

At that moment, Xia ruofei’s attention was focused on the small mission bar in his perceptual mirror.

The moment his hand touched the crystal, the progress bar jumped to 2/500!

“Yay!”

Xia ruofei, who had always been steady, could not help but jump in joy.

He looked at the two Topaz essence in his hands. He could now confirm that they were Topaz essence. He was grinning from ear to ear.

If the first time could be a coincidence, then the probability of a coincidence happening again this time could be ignored.

Hence, Xia ruofei was no longer worried about the mission.

Unless there was a terrifying monster in this trial space that would waste a lot of time, according to the distribution of the Topaz essence on the map, he would be able to complete the task in less than an hour. He could see through the scope that there were many places with large golden light spots connected together. In other words, there should be many Topaz essence distributed there, which would save him a lot of time on the road.

Xia ruofei thought to himself,”For this trial mission, the record was definitely going to be broken, and it was very likely that it would become an unattainable record. In the future, if others had the opportunity to enter the Tower of Trials, it would be impossible for them to break the record of this level.

This is called walking one’s own path and leaving others with no path to walk!

Xia ruofei was not even in a hurry to go to the next spot to dig for the Topaz essence. He carefully observed the two pieces of Topaz essence in his hand, his eyes full of curiosity.

What was the consideration of the great expert who designed the mission? What was the use of collecting this yellow jade essence?

Xia ruofei decided to spend some time to study the yellow jade essence. This would also leave a chance for those who came later to break the record!

Xia ruofei first tried to put the yellow jade essence into the spirit map space.

As expected, the attempt failed.

Xia ruofei thought to himself,”it seems that this is also a mission item. I can’t take it away when the mission ends, so I can’t put it in my storage space.”

Of course, there was another possibility. The material of this yellow jade essence was very special and could not be stored in storage magic weapons.

Xia ruofei then tried to use his spiritual power to check if he could find out the internal structure of the Topaz.

He actually didn’t have much hope.

It was obvious that the mighty figure who designed the mission was much stronger than him, a golden core cultivator. After killing the puppets, star beasts, and Shen beasts, not only could they not put their bodies into the spirit map space, but there was also no result when he used his mental power to investigate.

However, Xia ruofei did not expect that his spiritual power would successfully explore the interior of the Topaz.

However, before Xia ruofei could sense the internal structure of the yellow jade essence, there was a sudden change.

An extremely pure energy appeared within the yellow jade essence and directly entangled with Xia ruofei’s spiritual energy.

This surprised Xia ruofei. He could feel that the pure energy seemed to come from the same source as his mind power, and the two immediately entangled with each other.

He quickly retracted his mental power, but in such a short moment, the Topaz Essence’s gloss seemed to have dropped a lot.

Xia ruofei did not care about the condition of the Topaz. He was nervously looking into his sea of consciousness.

After the mental strength returned to his sea of consciousness, Xia ruofei immediately caught its trace. It seemed to be different from other mental strengths. It was obviously much stronger than the same mental strength.

Xia ruofei was stunned. Could it be that ... The Topaz essence could increase one’s spiritual power?

With the perceptual mirror in his hand, he could accurately find the location of the yellow jade essence. Even if the yellow jade essence was destroyed, it would not affect him from breaking the record.

Hence, Xia ruofei decided to control this spiritual force and explore the inside of the Topaz essence again.

This time, Xia ruofei was fully focused on the situation inside the Topaz.

When his mind power entered the yellow jade essence, another wave of extremely pure energy immediately entangled him.

This time, Xia ruofei did not try to stop it. Instead, he allowed the energy to entangle his spiritual power.

One wave, one wave, and another wave ...

There were no less than eight streams of energy that directly entangled the wisp of mental energy from the inside of the yellow jade Spirit.

Xia ruofei could clearly feel that when he tried to use his spiritual power to grab objects, it was much more effective. This small wisp of spiritual power was usually impossible to do telekinesis, but this time, he used the strengthened wisp of spiritual power to easily lift up the table he used for his experiment.

When the ninth energy completely entangled with Xia ruofei’s mental strength, cracks began to appear on the surface of the Topaz essence. The cracks grew bigger and bigger until the Topaz essence turned into a pile of lusterless gravel.

...

Xia ruofei flipped his hand and the pile of gravel landed on the wilderness.

Then, he took a look at the vision of the perceptual mirror and found that although one Topaz essence had been used up, the mission progress had not changed. It was still 2/500.

“I can’t believe there’s such a good thing ...” Xia ruofei muttered to himself.

Since consuming the Topaz essence could strengthen one’s mental strength and would not affect the mission progress, Xia ruofei naturally did not hold back.

He immediately sent his mental energy into another Topaz ...