Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

3354 A great harvest (1)

After a while, the energy in the second piece of Topaz essence had been completely absorbed. Xia ruofei threw away the crushed Topaz essence in his hand and glanced at the perceptual mirror. Indeed, the mission progress had not changed because the Topaz essence had been consumed. It was still 2/500.

Xia ruofei could not help but click his tongue in wonder. Although the Topaz essence could not be stored in the storage space, it could be absorbed directly and was of great help to the cultivator’s spiritual power.

Xia ruofei did some calculations. After absorbing two Topaz essences, his spiritual power had increased by about one – thousandth.

Although one – thousandth sounded insignificant, Xia ruofei’s spiritual power cultivation was already at the level of a late – Stage golden core cultivator. It was very difficult for him to improve even a little.

According to the map of the perceptual mirror, there were a lot of Topaz essence on the fourth floor of the trial Pagoda.

As the saying goes, small things make a lot, and sand makes a tower.

If Xia ruofei could absorb 2000 Topaz essences, it would be equivalent to doubling his spiritual power. Of course, this was under the premise that he could continue to absorb Topaz essences without weakening.

Of course, Xia ruofei had to verify this.

However, even if his mental strength could not double, absorbing the Topaz essence would increase his mental strength cultivation much faster than usual.

Xia ruofei was deep in thought.

All the signs pointed to the fact that the trial Pagoda’s fourth level was not a test, but a reward.

Xia ruofei made a bold guess. Perhaps this was really a reward for the cultivator who had successfully passed the first three levels of the Tower of Trials. It was just that the reward was given in the form of a mission.

Otherwise, there was no way to explain why he had not encountered any danger on this level of the trial space so far, and he could even absorb the Topaz essence to improve his mental strength.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but look excited. Everyone had traveled hundreds of thousands of miles to this Mystic realm on the moon and then entered the Tower of Trials to seek opportunities. Wasn’t the fourth level of the Tower of Trials a huge opportunity?

At this point, Xia ruofei finally understood why the “mission” on this level had a time limit.

Any cultivator who discovered that the Topaz essence could improve their spiritual power cultivation so quickly would definitely want to collect as much as possible. Even if they couldn’t take it away, it would be excellent for their own use!

And the rewards couldn’t be unlimited, so the Almighty who designed the trial mission stipulated that every cultivator couldn’t stay more than twelve hours in the fourth level, which was twelve hours. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

As for how much benefits the cultivators could obtain in these twelve hours, that would depend on their own abilities. After all, everyone’s abilities and opportunities were different.

Xia ruofei felt that the existence of the perceptual mirror might be a result of the Grandmaster’s carelessness. He did not consider everything and did not impose any restrictions. This meant that the Topaz essence that Xia ruofei had collected in the past 24 hours would be much more than other cultivators.

Even if the number one cultivator, Chen Nanfeng, entered this space, his speed of collecting Topaz essence would definitely not be as fast as Xia ruofei ‘s.

These thoughts only flashed through Xia ruofei’s mind for a moment. He quickly realized that time was precious.

Xia ruofei didn’t say another word. He stepped on the qushuang flying sword and flew towards his right.

In fact, the yellow jade Spirit that was closest to him was just a little to his left, but he did not choose to go there.

The reason why he ignored the near and went far was that Xia ruofei saw a large golden light spot about two kilometers to the right. That meant that there was a large amount of Topaz essence there.

In comparison, although the front to the left was much closer, there was only one golden light spot, which represented a yellow jade essence.

Of course, Xia ruofei chose a spot with more yellow jade essence. This way, he could save time on the way back and forth. In fact, it would be more efficient.

Xia ruofei soon arrived at the location indicated on the perceptual map.

He didn’t say anything and started to dig down with his shovel.

A few minutes later, a huge hole appeared in front of Xia ruofei.

In this huge pit, there were many Topaz essence densely distributed. He roughly counted and found that there were at least twenty of them.

Xia ruofei’s face lit up. He bent down and began to dig out the Topaz essence with his bare hands.

Every time he dug out a piece of Topaz from the ground, the mission progress in the field of vision of the perceptual mirror would be updated.

By the time Xia ruofei had dug out all the Topaz essence in the big pit, the mission progress in the perceptual mirror had become 26/500.

It had been less than 10 minutes since the mission was issued.

At this rate, Xia ruofei would only need about three hours to complete the task of excavating 500 Topaz essence.

The record for this mission was four hours, which was five hours. Xia ruofei could definitely raise the record to a level that would make other cultivators despair.

And this was based on the cultivation level of the companion who was randomly sent over and Xia ruofei’s cultivation level. The person with the higher cultivation level was chosen as the standard. On this basis, the number of tasks was doubled.

In other words, a cultivator of the same cultivation level as Xia ruofei would need to collect between two hundred to two hundred and fifty Topaz essence.