Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

3355 A great harvest (2)

Before this, the mission record was five hours. The cultivator who broke the record only had to complete half of Xia ruofei’s mission.

One could see how big the gap was.

Xia ruofei took out a backpack from his spatial space and stuffed all 24 Topaz essence into it. Then, he put the bag on his back and stepped on the qushuang flying sword. Without stopping, he rushed to the next gathering point of Topaz essence.

Xia ruofei did not immediately absorb the energy of the yellow jade essence. On one hand, he hoped to complete the mission as soon as possible. On the other hand, he wanted to save time and discover as much yellow jade essence as possible.

As for absorbing the energy of the Topaz essence, Xia ruofei had also considered that he might be forcefully transported out of this space after twelve hours, and the Topaz essence could not be brought out. So, it was not that he did not want to absorb the Topaz essence, but he hoped that he could manage the time well and increase the efficiency to the maximum.

Therefore, he would not stop to absorb the yellow jade essence for the time being. Instead, he would try to collect as much yellow jade essence as possible.

After all, he didn’t know who the companion that was randomly teleported to the fourth level with him was.

If it really was Ling Qingxue, then it would be easy. If it was anyone else other than Ling Qingxue, Xia ruofei would face the problem of competition.

Therefore, he decided to collect as much Topaz essence as possible at the beginning of the mission.

Xia ruofei controlled the qushuang flying sword and pushed its speed to the limit. It took about a minute for them to arrive at the next gathering place of the Topaz according to the perceptual map.

The shovel danced in the air. The soil on the wasteland was quickly dug up by Xia ruofei and thrown to the side.

He used all the skills he had learned in the Army to dig for cover. After a while, a big pit appeared in front of him, and half of the Topaz essence was exposed.

Xia ruofei threw the shovel away and bent down to pick up the Topaz essence.

The mission progress in the perceptual mirror started to jump up again until Xia ruofei had collected all the Topaz essence in the pit. The mission progress finally stopped at 53/500.

Xia ruofei stuffed the forty or so Topaz essence into his bag and immediately rode the qushuang flying sword to the next gathering point of Topaz essence indicated on the perceptual mirror map.

……

As time went by, there were more and more Topaz essence in Xia ruofei’s backpack. The big backpack started to bulge.

The mission progress in the perceptual mirror’s field of view was also moving up.

Xia ruofei felt great. It was as if he had found a bug in the system while playing a game and used the bug to add a large amount of gold coins to himself.

After three hours, the mission progress in the perceptual mirror finally broke through 500, directly becoming 503/500.

Although he had broken the record, Xia ruofei did not stop. Instead, he picked up his pace.

The big backpack he was carrying was already full.

Since he could not put the backpack with the yellow jade essence into the spirit map space, Xia ruofei turned the backpack around and carried it on his chest. Then, he took out a new backpack from the spirit map space.

On the perceptual mirror map, there were fewer and fewer places where a large pile of Topaz essence was gathered at one point. Although there were still a few, they were too far away and quite scattered. Rushing to excavate the Topaz essence and then rushing to the next gathering point, the time spent on the road was also very considerable.

Therefore, Xia ruofei was no longer obsessed with the gathering point of the Topaz essence. Instead, he dug out the Topaz essence closest to him based on the principle of proximity.

Besides, what worried Xia ruofei was that he had not met Ling Qingxue or any of his other exploration team members.

Of course, this kind of worry was more or less better than the worry he had when he was doing the mission on the previous level.

After all, if Ling Qingxue had been sent to this small space with him, there wouldn’t have been any danger in there.

As for the mission, it was split into teams of two. As long as one person completed the mission and broke the record, the other person would also receive the corresponding record – breaking reward.

Hence, Xia ruofei was not in a hurry.

In any case, whether the person who was teleported in was Ling Qingxue or not was already a foregone conclusion, so there was no point in him being anxious.

In the field of vision of the perceptual mirror, there was a map of the entire trial space of the fourth floor. With this map, it would be relatively easy for Xia ruofei to find his companion who had been teleported to this small space with him.

Xia ruofei’s top priority was to collect as many Topaz essence as possible.

It would be great if he could meet his companion who had been teleported to this trial space with him while he was collecting the yellow jade essence. It would be perfect if his companion happened to be Ling Qingxue!

After Xia ruofei took out a new bag, he didn’t even take a sip of water. He directly rode on the qushuang flying sword and flew to the next point.

There were about nine hours left. If he used it well, Xia ruofei could collect at least 1500 Topaz essence, or even more.

If Xia ruofei were to use all the yellow jade essence, his spiritual power would double.

By then, his spiritual power would have broken through to the level of the early stage of the original level.

Thinking of the magical effects of the yellow jade essence, Xia ruofei couldn’t help but feel full of energy. When he used the shovel, his efficiency was much higher than that of ordinary people.

Time passed by.

Xia ruofei was collecting more and more yellow jade essence in the fourth level of the trial Pagoda.

Soon, the second bag was full.

And there were still more than seven hours left. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Although Xia ruofei had broken the record and completed the trial mission, the mission progress bar still faithfully recorded the number of Topaz essence that Xia ruofei had collected. It went from 500 to 600,700, and finally 1011.

Xia ruofei’s backpack was stuffed to the brim.

This more or less caused some inconvenience to his movements.

Hence, Xia ruofei decided to get rid of the Topaz before going into battle.

Xia ruofei did not immediately take out the Topaz essence from his backpack. Instead, he began to absorb the Kasaya. Although the absorption rate of the Topaz essence was very high, Xia ruofei still felt that it was a waste of time.

He took out the time array flag from the spirit map space and set it up around him.

Then, he set up a few alarm arrays around the time array flag.

Then, Xia ruofei entered the time array flag’s range with his two big backpacks.

There was no way to bring the yellow jade essence into the spirit map space. Otherwise, the time array flag, combined with the time acceleration effect of the primordial realm in the spirit map space, would create an even greater difference in the flow of time.

However, Xia ruofei was using the time array flag to set up an array in the trial space. The time acceleration effect was quite impressive.

The materials for setting up the time formation and the alarm formation were readily available, and he was extremely familiar with the method of setting them up, so it took him very little time to set up the formation. Compared to the time saved by using the time formation, it was almost negligible.

...

Xia ruofei sat down cross – legged in the formation of the time array flags. He took out the Topaz essence from his backpack and started to absorb the energy inside.

As Xia ruofei absorbed the pure energy, his spiritual power began to increase at a slow pace. It was difficult to notice the growth of spiritual power normally. Although it was slow now, he could feel it. It was a relatively fast speed.

Xia ruofei spent about half an hour to absorb all the energy in the Topaz essence.

And this amount of time, when compared to the time that really passed outside the array, was almost negligible.