Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

3356 Spiritual power skyrocketing (1)

By the time Xia ruofei had finished absorbing all the Topaz essence, there was a pile of broken pieces of Topaz essence around him.

At this moment, he felt as if he had been enlightened.

All along, Xia ruofei’s cultivation of spiritual power had been faster than his cultivation level. He was at the beginning stage of the Golden core realm, but his spiritual power was equivalent to a cultivator at the later stage of the Golden core realm.

It could be said that among all the cultivators Xia ruofei had met so far, only Chen Nanfeng’s spiritual power was stronger than his. He gave him an unfathomable feeling.

Even Shen tianfang, who had just been killed by Xia ruofei, was much stronger than Xia ruofei. However, in terms of spiritual power, Xia ruofei might be stronger than him.

However, no matter how strong Xia ruofei’s spiritual power was, it was only because of his cultivation technique. It was also accumulated bit by bit when he cultivated the “great Dao Sutra”.

Normally, the increase in spiritual power would not be obvious.

But this time, in just half an hour, he had improved his mental power by a large margin by absorbing the Topaz essence. Now, his mental power was almost 1.5 times stronger than it was before.

In other words, after absorbing more than 1000 pieces of Topaz essence, each piece of Topaz essence still had a significant effect on improving Xia ruofei’s spiritual power. The effect was not significantly reduced.

Xia ruofei felt as if he was floating in the air as his spiritual power had increased greatly in a short time.

It was different from the improvement of one’s vital Qi cultivation. Once one’s spiritual power was improved, the cultivator’s five senses would be much sharper than before. In Xia ruofei’s eyes, it was as if the whole world had a clear sense of hierarchy.

His brain seemed to be working even faster.

Xia ruofei felt an indescribable pleasure. He couldn’t help but let out a long whistle, which revealed endless joy.

However, Xia ruofei was only delayed for a few seconds. He immediately collected his thoughts and put away the time array flag and the alarm array as fast as he could. There were still more than seven hours left, and the sensing mirror map showed that there were still many Topaz essences, but they were quite far from him and scattered. He had to seize the time to collect as many Topaz essences as possible.

In fact, even if he was given another seven hours, he would not be able to collect all the Topaz essence on the fourth floor of the trial Pagoda. The main reason was that the trial space was too big. He had already dug out the Topaz essences that were close to each other or were concentrated in one place. Now, it would take a lot of time to collect each one.

Hence, Xia ruofei could only try his best to excavate as much yellow jade essence as possible.

He knew very well that such an opportunity would not appear in the future.

The Topaz essence, which could increase one’s mental strength so quickly without any side effects, was definitely a very precious heavenly treasure.

Xia ruofei didn’t know why the Almighty who set up the trial space and missions would be so generous as to spread this precious treasure in the trial space to reward the cultivators. However, he knew that the Almighty had a deep meaning.

Since it was a gift from a senior, Xia ruofei would not hold back and would definitely take as much as he could.

He put away the time formation flag and the alarm formation as fast as he could, then immediately stepped on the qushuang flying sword and flew toward the yellow jade essence that was closest to him.

Although the wilderness was vast and the remaining Topaz essence was scattered, the terrain here was very flat and there was almost no vegetation. Hence, Xia ruofei could fly at a very high speed even at a low altitude.

This also greatly increased the speed at which he excavated the yellow jade essence.

Xia ruofei carried a backpack in one hand and a shovel in the other. He was carrying another backpack on his back. He stepped on his flying sword and flew across the wilderness. He didn’t look like a cultivator at all. If he didn’t have the qushuang flying sword, he would look like a brother of a farmer who was going to work.

Of course, Xia ruofei did not care about his image here. Efficiency was the most important.

This way, when he found a place, he could roll up his sleeves and start working with a shovel. When he found the Topaz essence, he could put it in his backpack at the first moment.

In the next few hours, Xia ruofei’s figure flew back and forth in the vast wilderness. When he stopped, he would be digging with all his might.

Of course, he was also trying to find a companion who was randomly sent to the same trial space as him. However, this wasteland was simply too big. Even though Xia ruofei had flown to many places, he had not set foot in most of the areas.

The main reason was that there was no yellow jade essence in these areas, or there were only one or two yellow jade essence within a radius of ten kilometers or dozens of kilometers. For efficiency’s sake, Xia ruofei would definitely not go there.

In fact, he might not go to these areas until the end of the mission, because the Topaz essence in other areas was enough for him to dig until the end of the mission.

If that companion had been sent to an area where Topaz essence was rare and had been wandering around in that small area, he might not have met Xia ruofei during the entire mission.

Of course, Xia ruofei did not deliberately look for his companions. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Even if this companion was Ling Qingxue, Xia ruofei was secondary. His first task was naturally to excavate the yellow jade essence.