Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

3357 Spiritual power skyrocketing (2)

In any case, there was no danger in the fourth level of the trial Pagoda. No matter who this companion was, they would still be transported to the same space on the fifth level. If they couldn’t find him here, it wouldn’t be too late to find him at that time.

And the opportunity to excavate the yellow jade essence, if he missed it, he would not have another one.

Xia ruofei spent more than five hours and once again collected about a thousand Topaz essence. His two backpacks were full again.

Xia ruofei still had a backpack in the spirit map space. However, since the yellow jade essence could not be stored in the spirit map space, he had to carry it on him all the time. If he carried another backpack, it would be inconvenient for him to move around.

In fact, ever since he had the spirit map space, Xia ruofei had gotten used to storing things in the space. He was not used to carrying all the bags by himself.

When both backpacks were full, Xia ruofei stopped. He took out the time formation flag and the materials for the alarm formation from the spirit map space and started to set up the formation with ease.

Then, Xia ruofei brought the two big bags of yellow jade essence into the time formation. He sat down cross – legged and started to absorb the energy of the yellow jade essence.

After spending about half an hour in the time formation, Xia ruofei had once again finished absorbing more than a thousand Topaz essence, leaving behind a pile of fragments.

Xia ruofei stood up. He didn’t leave the time formation immediately. In fact, his spiritual power had grown too fast. He was even a little unaccustomed to it. Hence, he might as well take advantage of the difference in the flow of time in the time formation to adapt to it.

Xia ruofei shook his head and felt the majestic spiritual power in his sea of consciousness.

Since the beginning, Xia ruofei had absorbed more than 2000 pieces of Topaz essence. His spiritual power had doubled.

Originally, Xia ruofei’s spiritual power was already equivalent to a late – Stage golden core cultivator, which was the late – Stage of the spirit gathering realm. However, it was not easy to break through to the spiritualization realm, which was equivalent to a nascent soul cultivator. Thus, even though his spiritual power had more than doubled, he was still far from the spiritualization realm.

Xia ruofei made a rough estimate. If he could absorb another four to five thousand Topaz essence, his spiritual cultivation would have the hope of breaking through to the spiritualization realm.

However, there was obviously not enough time now. There were only about two hours left. Now, the map of the perceptual mirror showed that the distribution of the Topaz essence was more scattered and further away. It was already a good result to collect 500 Topaz essences in two hours. It was impossible to collect 4000 or 5000.

Even so, Xia ruofei was very satisfied. If he cultivated by himself, he would need at least a few years to absorb the spiritual power from the Topaz essence.

His mental power would only be able to break through to the spiritualisation boundary when his cultivation broke through to the intermediate or even late golden core stage.

Today, he had only spent a few hours to double his spiritual power. This was something he would not have dared to imagine in the past.

Xia ruofei quickly put away the time formation flag and the formation materials. Then, he picked up the shovel and his backpack and started his excavation journey again.

There were still about two hours left. Xia ruofei felt that if he worked hard, he should be able to dig up about 500 Topaz essence.

After all, his mental strength had improved so much that his control of the flying sword had also become more precise. When he used the qushuang flying sword to ride a flying sword, his speed had also increased a lot.

This could more or less offset the speed loss caused by the spread of the Topaz essence.

Xia ruofei stepped on the qushuang flying sword. After finding his target, he flew over at his fastest speed. The qushuang flying sword let out a violent piercing sound and brought Xia ruofei to the nearest Topaz essence.

After Xia ruofei’s spiritual power was greatly improved, even the speed at which he excavated the Topaz essence had increased.

The main thing was that he could control his strength and movements more precisely, and he had a better grasp of the position of the yellow jade essence. Every shovel he dug was more efficient than before.

Xia ruofei was racing against time to dig up the Topaz essence. At the same time, he was also paying attention to the mission progress through the perceptual mirror.

Even though the mission was completed, the progress would still be updated with every piece of Topaz essence that Xia ruofei excavated.

Because of this, every time Xia ruofei dug up a piece of Topaz essence, he would habitually look at the mission prompt bar.

With about an hour left, Xia ruofei finished excavating a piece of Topaz essence. He looked at his mission panel and immediately realized that the number had changed.

He remembered clearly that the mission progress was 2312/500. Now that he had found a piece of Topaz essence, it should be 2313/500. However, when he reached out and took out the Topaz essence, he glanced at the position of the mission progress prompt and found that the number was just jumping. When it stabilized, it became 2314/500. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Xia ruofei was slightly stunned. Then, he immediately realized that Jian Jia must be the companion who had been sent to this trial space. She must have found a Topaz essence.

Xia ruofei did not know whether to laugh or cry.

He didn’t know who this companion was, but this was a little too tragic! It took nearly 11 hours to find a piece of Topaz. He didn’t know if he or she had been teleported to some barren land. Through the map of the perceptual mirror, he could see that there was an area with a radius of tens of kilometers in this wasteland, but there was not a single Topaz in the entire area.

If his companion had been transported to such an area when he entered the space, it was possible that he would not even find a single Topaz after many hours.

After all, his companion must be like Xia ruofei. He did not know what a yellow jade essence was. Since there was no yellow jade essence in that area, he could only look for it slowly. Most importantly, there was a high probability that other cultivators would not be able to ride their flying swords in this small space of the trial. Thus, their speed of advancement would be even slower.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but laugh.

However, his smile immediately froze. At this moment, an idea suddenly flashed in his mind. He quickly turned his eyes to the map presented in the field of vision of the perceptual mirror.

On the perceptual mirror map, the golden light spots that represented the yellow jade essence had become much sparser.

However, compared to the vast map, these light spots that represented the location of the yellow jade essence were still like the stars in the sky. Although they were far apart, they were still distributed in most areas.

As an early – Stage golden elixir realm cultivator, Xia ruofei’s memory was naturally very good after his spiritual power had increased sharply.

In addition, he had already used the perceptual mirror map more than 2000 times to determine the location and find the yellow jade Spirit.

Hence, Xia ruofei had pretty much memorized the perceptual map, including the thousands of golden light spots that represented the location of the Topaz essence.

Then ... As long as he saw the missing light spot, he would be able to determine where his companion, who had been teleported to this small space with him, had just appeared.

When Xia ruofei thought of this, he was a little excited.

He was still secretly hoping that Ling Qingxue was the one who had been teleported to this small space at the same time as him. Therefore, he suddenly wanted to look for her in that location.

Of course, there was another important reason. Whether this companion was Ling Qingxue or not, Xia ruofei wanted to confirm who she was.

At the very least, he needed to know the identity and strength of his companion. Only then could he judge whether he was a threat to him.

After all, he did not know if his companion would be directly teleported to the same location as him in the next few levels of the trial space. If not, it would naturally be beneficial for Xia ruofei to know the other party’s identity in advance.

Now, Xia ruofei could go and search quietly. It was possible that he could confirm the other party’s identity without them knowing. It was indeed a great opportunity.

And if this companion was Ling Qingxue, then it would naturally be even more perfect.