Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

3358 Reuniting (1)

Xia ruofei quickly looked at the map and compared it with the map in his memory.

The sensory mirror provided the map of the entire fourth floor of the Tower of Trials. The area was very wide, and there were at least a few thousand Topaz essence light spots. Fortunately, Xia ruofei’s memory was far better than ordinary people, even better than most golden core stage cultivators. So, after carefully recalling, he quickly found the Topaz essence light spot that had disappeared into thin air. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

As expected, he was in an empty area. There was only one golden spot in the area, and there was no other yellow jade essence within a few dozen kilometers.

In terms of probability, it was already very lucky for the companion to find the Topaz in about ten hours. After all, he or she did not have a perceptual mirror and did not know that the Topaz was buried underground.

It was also impossible for him to turn over the entire area, so it should be a coincidence.

It had only been a few minutes since the golden light disappeared. During these few minutes, Xia ruofei was busy digging for the Topaz essence and did not check the perceptual mirror map.

That companion couldn’t ride a flying sword in the Tower of Trials, so it was very likely that he was still nearby.

With that thought in mind, Xia ruofei no longer hesitated. He carried the backpack that contained the yellow jade essence on his back and threw the shovel into the spirit map space. Then, he stepped on the qushuang flying sword and quickly flew toward the place where the golden light had disappeared.

The dot of light was about 50 kilometers away from Xia ruofei. With Xia ruofei’s current speed of sword Kinesis flight, it would take him about seven to eight minutes to get there.

However, Xia ruofei felt that it was worth it to spend the seven to eight minutes.

Moreover, he didn’t need to fly near the spot of light because he could release his mental power to investigate. After his mental power increased, the range of his mental Power’s investigation also increased a lot.

Hence, Xia ruofei had only wasted five to six minutes at most.

As Xia ruofei flew, he kept his spiritual power on full alert, constantly searching for his surroundings.

After all, he didn’t know if his companion had been absorbing the energy of the yellow jade essence in the same place or if he had gone in another direction after digging it out.

There were all kinds of possibilities. Just like Xia ruofei, he only tried to use his spiritual power to check at the beginning but ended up directly absorbing the energy of the Topaz essence. As long as his companion was curious, he would most likely check it out.

If he took the yellow jade essence and left immediately, it was possible to go in any direction.

Fortunately, the other party most likely couldn’t ride a flying sword, so he shouldn’t have gone far in such a short time.

Xia ruofei stood on the qushuang flying sword, maintaining his highest speed.

Suddenly, his body trembled slightly and he couldn’t help but lose his focus. The qushuang flying sword almost lost control. Fortunately, Xia ruofei immediately came back to his senses and controlled the flying sword after flying unsteadily for a while.

At this moment, Xia ruofei’s face was filled with uncontrollable joy.

Just now, Ling Qingxue’s figure had suddenly appeared in his spiritual power domain. It was about one or two kilometers away from where the golden light had disappeared.

Ling Qingxue should be running forward quickly.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but feel a little dazed. Was it really Ling Qingxue who had been randomly sent to this trial space?

Before entering the Tower of Trials, Xia ruofei had been praying that his companion would be Ling Qingxue. However, the probability was too low. Even after Shen tianfang died, the probability was only one in seven.

Xia ruofei had been digging for the Topaz all this time. In fact, he was secretly looking forward to the identity of his companion, but he did not dare to think too much.

Now, when he used his spiritual power to detect Ling Qingxue’s figure running across the wasteland, he felt as if it had been a lifetime ago, as if he was still in a dream.

However, Xia ruofei was very clear that this was not the third level of the trial Pagoda, and it was basically impossible for an illusion to appear here. This time, he had really met up with Ling Qingxue.

Furthermore, because this was the second time he had received the reward of being randomly sent to the same space as his companion, there was also an additional reward of not being separated in the next few levels of the trial space. Therefore, he no longer needed to be separated from Ling Qingxue and could always be by her side to protect her.

At the thought of this, Xia ruofei’s mood was filled with joy. He could not wait to reunite with Ling Qingxue.

For the first time, Xia ruofei felt that the flying sword beneath his feet was too slow. He didn’t want to waste another second and wanted to teleport in front of Ling Qingxue.

Fortunately, Ling Qingxue was also running in Xia ruofei’s direction, and the distance between them was only about ten kilometers. So, Xia ruofei could see the slender figure in the distance very quickly.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but feel excited. The speed of the qushuang flying sword increased.

After a few breaths, Xia ruofei had already arrived in front of Ling Qingxue. He jumped off the qushuang flying sword and shouted excitedly,””Qingxue! I’ve finally found you!”

Ling Qingxue looked travel – worn, and her clothes were covered in dust. Her hair looked like it was about to harden, and even her face was grey and white. She didn’t know what it was.