Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

3365 Camel’s thorn ring (2)

After he finished speaking, Xia ruofei patted Ling Qingxue’s shoulder and stepped onto the qushuang flying sword again. He carefully advanced in the direction of the camel’s thorn.

According to his previous experience, this camel’s thorn would suddenly attack when the cultivator was close to it, and the attack covered at least a range of ten to twenty meters, so it was very likely to be hit if caught off guard. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Moreover, the attack range of camel’s thorn was so wide, which meant that within a range of 10 to 20 meters, it could launch an attack at any time.

Xia ruofei didn’t think that the camel’s thorn was an inanimate object and that it would only attack when it was very close to him. Therefore, he was already on high alert for the attack of the camel’s thorn when he was slightly closer.

Sure enough, before he could get within ten meters of the camel’s thorns, the one closest to him suddenly contracted. Xia ruofei knew at a glance that the camel’s thorns were about to attack.

Without any hesitation, he controlled the flying sword to fly in an arc, flying behind him.

The attack speed of the camel’s thorn was also very fast. After a sudden contraction, it immediately spurted out a large number of jujube thorns. Its speed was not much slower than ordinary cultivators riding on flying swords. Moreover, its coverage was very wide, just like a large shotgun.

Fortunately, Xia ruofei’s speed was still faster. The thorns were almost chasing after his back. They all hit the ground and stirred up a cloud of dust.

When Ling Qingxue saw this scene from afar, she could not help but cover her mouth and show a worried expression. However, she still did not make a sound for fear of disturbing Xia ruofei.

Xia ruofei’s expression was very calm. Everything was within his expectations. He had already experienced the attack of a camel’s back once and had some confidence.

After this wave of attack, Xia ruofei immediately steered the flying sword back to its original path carefully. Very quickly, he came to the place where he had triggered the attack of the camel’s thorn.

Xia ruofei stood on the qushuang flying sword and stared at the nearest camel’s thorn with full concentration. When he flew forward another one or two meters, it was still the same camel’s thorn that started to shrink violently.

Xia ruofei didn’t hesitate to change his direction. He used the speed of the qushuang sword to the maximum and retreated in the same direction as before.

When Xia ruofei’s speed was at its peak, the attacks from the camel’s thorns could not do anything to him. Hence, this wave of thorns still missed, not even touching the corner of Xia ruofei’s clothes.

Xia ruofei adjusted himself and started a new round of testing.

His goal was simple. He wanted to see how many waves of attack this camel’s thorn could last. He felt that it was impossible for this camel’s thorn to shoot out thorns without limit. Those thorns would eventually run out, so he stared at this camel’s thorn and repeatedly tested it.

Xia ruofei was very careful. He did not get close to the other camel thorns to avoid triggering a chain reaction.

Just like that, after four consecutive rounds, the thorns from the camel’s back could not do anything to Xia ruofei. However, on the fifth round, something strange happened!

Everything was normal in front of him. The camel’s thorn suddenly contracted and attacked when Xia ruofei was about ten meters away from it. Xia ruofei was already confident. He stepped on the qushuang flying sword and made a beautiful turn. He flew in the same direction and route as before.

Based on the previous situations, the thorns would not be able to catch up to Xia ruofei. However, this time was different. Xia ruofei could clearly feel that the thorns were faster than before.

Xia ruofei was not shocked. Instead, he was happy. Could this be the last wave of attacks from the camel’s back?

He still had some energy left, so he immediately urged the flying sword to speed up once more.

However, what caught him even more off guard was what followed.

Suddenly, a dense cluster of thorns flew out from the wilderness and covered the space in front of Xia ruofei like a dark cloud. They were so fast that Xia ruofei had no time to Dodge.

Ling Qingxue, who was far away, couldn’t help but cry out,””RUO Fei, be careful! Quickly Dodge!”

Xia ruofei’s attention was originally on the back. When he saw the thorns in front of him and under him from the corner of his eye, he couldn’t help but curse. This was too much!

These thorns were obviously from the previous attacks of the camel’s back. They had all fallen into the dust. Xia ruofei did not expect these thorns to attack so he was not prepared.

Now that Xia ruofei was flying close to the ground, the thorns suddenly flew out from the ground and attacked from the bottom up. The ones in the distance also swept over. Not only were they fast, but they also sealed off all angles, making Xia ruofei very passive.

In that split second, Xia ruofei did not have time to think too much. He only knew that he could not Dodge backward in a panic because he would trigger more attacks from the camel’s thorn. By then, he would have no way to avoid it.

Xia ruofei made the most reasonable choice in the shortest time possible. He summoned the spirit map scroll to his hand and the blue immortal sword flew out at the same time. It struck the ground violently and immediately plowed a long pit in the ground as if he was plowing a field.