Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

3369 Blazing Star Fern thorn (1)

Ling Qingxue looked at Xia ruofei’s child – like smile and couldn’t help but smile as well. She nodded and said,””Good luck! Let’s burn these bad guys to the ground!”

Xia ruofei laughed and started to set up a formation.

Xia ruofei had specially modified this formation that focused on fire attacks. The materials used to set up the formation were all distributed on the periphery. It could be used within a radius of about three kilometers and then attack the interior.

Xia ruofei chose to set up the formation at a distance of more than 20 meters away from the star Fern thorn. After so many attempts, he felt that this distance was relatively safe. It could ensure the maximum effect of the formation and not attract the star Fern thorn’s attack while he was setting up the formation.

This array was basically designed by Xia ruofei himself, but he combined some existing array principles. It was more original than the trap and kill array, so even though it was his first time setting up an array, he did not feel rusty.

This was because he had already simulated this formation in his mind and on paper many times.

Xia ruofei circled around the ring of star Fern thorns and placed the formation materials down one by one. Occasionally, he would stop to check his position before quickly continuing to set up.

After about 20 minutes, Xia ruofei put down the last set of formation materials.

He had already made a full circle around the star Fern thorn ring and returned to the starting point.

Xia ruofei took out ten crystals from the spirit map space.

Then, he placed the ten origin crystals into a hexagonal jade stone that was completely engraved with mysterious formation patterns outside the array.

The biggest feature of this formation was that the control core of the formation, which was the hexagon that the origin crystal had been placed in, was located outside the formation.

Moreover, this formation could use spirit stones, spirit crystals, and even origin crystals of a higher energy level.

Of course, when using different energy sources, the power of the formation would also be completely different.

In order to end the battle as soon as possible, Xia ruofei used the crystals with the highest energy purity. He used ten of them at once and placed crystals in every position of the energy source.

In this way, he could basically squeeze out the greatest power of the array.

Of course, the consumption was also obvious.

Xia ruofei was already at the beginning stage of the Golden elixir realm. The great way of the Dao required a lot of energy. One crystal was enough for him to cultivate for a long time. It was indeed a big deal to use ten crystals at once. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Xia ruofei had also considered that if he successfully completed this mission, he would receive the reward for breaking the record on the fourth floor of the trial Pagoda. Other than the upgrade of the elemental storage Pearl, he would also receive 1000 elemental crystals.

In comparison, ten origin crystals were insignificant.

Besides, Xia ruofei was not sure if the fire attack was effective on the star Fern thorn. He had to try it out as soon as possible. If it was not effective, he would have more time to try other methods.

After Xia ruofei placed the crystals, he used his spiritual power again to check the entire formation. Then, he took a deep breath, made a hand seal, and sent it into the core of the formation.

Ling Qingxue also held her breath. She stood beside Xia ruofei and looked at the star Fern thorn ring in front of her.

One second, two seconds, three seconds ...

The array didn’t move at all, and Ling Qingxue couldn’t help but show a puzzled expression.

However, at this moment, a ring – shaped flame suddenly appeared twenty to thirty meters away from the star Fern thorn ring. A wave of hot air swept over, causing Ling Qingxue to subconsciously hold Xia ruofei’s arm tightly.

Xia ruofei looked very calm. He had a rough idea of the power of this formation.

Hence, Xia ruofei gently patted Ling Qingxue’s soft hands to comfort her. As for his eyes, they were fixed in the direction of the array.

After the ring – shaped flame appeared, it immediately began to extend inwards. The intense burning of the flame consumed a lot of air in the vicinity, so it accelerated the movement of the airflow. Xia ruofei and Ling Qingxue could feel the wind blowing around them.

As the saying went, fire borrowed the power of wind, not to mention that this was a flame controlled by a formation, so naturally the smaller the flame, the fiercer it would be.

The ring – shaped flame quickly penetrated inside. In a few breaths, he had already entered the attack range of the star Fern thorn and was less than twenty meters away from it.

In fact, when the array was activated and the flames appeared, the star Fern thorn belt had already begun to move restlessly. The star Fern thorns that looked very similar to camel’s thorn began to sway even though there was no wind, as if they were quite uneasy.

The flames of this array were naturally different from ordinary flames in the mortal world. In fact, this inspiration came from the trap and kill array. The flames formed by the black light were almost pure white at the highest temperature. The temperature was so high that even the most difficult ore in the mortal world to melt would not be able to withstand it for a long time.

However, the flames produced by this fire array and the black flames of the confinement killing array could be said to be of the same origin. The star Fern thorns had clearly sensed the danger and began to withdraw in preparation for an attack.

Xia ruofei’s star Fern thorn would only attack when he was within ten meters of her. However, this time, as soon as the formation flames entered the twenty – meter range, the star Fern thorn would burst out with a large number of thorns.

A large number of thorns burst out from the ring – shaped star Fern Bush within a radius of one kilometer, like a black shock wave extending from the inside to the outside. It was a spectacular scene.