Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3377: The effect of the improved formation (1)

Translator: 549690339

After Xia ruofei finished speaking, he immediately took out the time array flag and quickly set up the time array. Then, he set up a warning array and a defensive array.

Ling Qingxue stood outside the time formation to help Xia ruofei.

After Xia ruofei entered the time formation, he sat on the ground and started to think and choose the most suitable formation.

In fact, Xia ruofei had mastered quite a few small – scale offensive arrays. He also had a few small – scale fire attack arrays. However, it was not easy to use them all. First of all, there were many kinds of flames. What Xia ruofei wanted the most was to use the flames of the previous large – scale array, which was actually the flame of the trap and kill array.

And to transfer the flames to another formation, it would still take some effort.

Hence, after Xia ruofei picked out a few small arrays, he started to analyze and practice them in his mind. He even took out a pen and paper and deduced some uncertain parts on the paper.

This was supposed to take a lot of effort, but Xia ruofei had an advantage. All the formations he knew came from the Jade talisman of inheritance. In addition, he had a good understanding of the theories of formations. Therefore, he had a better understanding of the principles of these formations. It was naturally much easier to modify them on this basis.

Even so, it still took him more than three hours to finalize the modification plan for a small area array.

The next step was to put it into practice.

Xia ruofei didn’t hesitate and took out the materials for the formation from the spirit map space. He started to carve the formation lines according to the formation diagram that he had deduced several times. In a short while, the materials for a set of formation were ready.

Xia ruofei kept the formation materials, stood up, and stepped out of the formation.

Because of the time formation, only three or four minutes had passed in the outside world. When Ling Qingxue saw Xia ruofei come out, she immediately asked,””Ruofei, you’ve finished your research so quickly?” Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Xia ruofei smiled and said,”it’s not that fast. If it wasn’t for the time formation, the mission would have taken half the time!” Qingxue, I’ve come up with a formation, let’s go and try it out!”

“En!” Ling Qingxue nodded with anticipation.

She had always had blind trust in Xia ruofei. In her opinion, nothing could stump Xia ruofei.

Although she felt that the mission this time was very difficult, she felt that as long as Xia ruofei was serious, there would not be any problems.

Xia ruofei and Ling Qingxue rode on the qushuang flying sword and flew towards a star Fern thorn not far away.

All the star Fern thorns within a kilometer had been burned away, and the rest of the star Fern thorns were even more scattered. The area around the star Fern thorn was bare, without any vegetation at all.

If he were to use a large – scale array formation like just now, it would waste origin crystals on one hand, but more importantly, it would waste a lot of time. It was rather complicated to set up such a large – scale array formation. If he had to set up a large – scale fire array formation every time he dealt with a star Fern thorn, it would be impossible to complete the task within ten hours, given the low probability of the star Fern thorn dropping the star Fern thorn soul essence.

Unless one’s luck was heaven – defying.

Xia ruofei stopped the qushuang flying sword at a safe distance. He jumped down with Ling Qingxue and stood on the ground of the wilderness.

He didn’t continue to advance, but directly raised his hand, and the many formation materials all flew out, accurately landing in their positions.

The attack range of this kind of formation was only a few meters, so the scale of the formation was very small, and the corresponding complexity was also much lower.

Moreover, Xia ruofei had designed and made the array himself. Hence, he did not need to practice much when he was setting up the array. He could complete it with great familiarity.

Basically, in just two or three breaths ‘time, a miniature version of the fire array had been set up, and it just happened to surround the star Fern thorn.

Perhaps it was because the array materials did not have any life aura, but the star Fern thorn did not react to the array materials around it. It was still lying on the ground listlessly.

However, Xia ruofei knew that once someone stepped into its attack range, it would change its appearance.

From a distance of ten to twenty meters, Xia ruofei inserted a crystal into the core of the formation. The energy source of the formation could still be chosen, and the power would naturally be the greatest if it was a crystal. Of course, because the attack range was small, the energy required was also much less. This one origin crystal was enough for the array to launch hundreds of attacks. Compared to the previous large area array, the consumption was really so low that it could be ignored.

Xia ruofei looked at the star Fern thorn and committed some of its physical characteristics to memory. This was also in preparation for the next task. He felt that a star Fern thorn that could produce a soul essence must be different from ordinary star Fern thorns. When he was dealing with the star Fern thorn ring, Xia ruofei did not know about the existence of the star Fern thorn soul essence, so he did not deliberately observe the characteristics of each star Fern thorn.

In fact, there were thousands of star Fern thorns in the star Fern thorn ring. Even though his mental power had improved a lot, it was impossible for him to remember the details and characteristics of every star Fern thorn clearly without deliberately memorizing them..