Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3378: The effect of the improved formation (2)

Translator: 549690339

Therefore, even though he had obtained two star Fern thorn soul essences from the star Fern thorn ring belt, he did not gain anything else. He also did not have any information that could be used for future reference.

Now that Xia ruofei was going to continue with his mission, he naturally had to memorize the situation of each star Fern thorn and make some comparisons with a large amount of data. This way, he could have a better aim when he completed his mission.

After Xia ruofei memorized the characteristics of this star Fern thorn, he formed a hand seal and activated the array without hesitation.

The moment the array was activated, the star fern spike sensed danger. It curled up like a Porcupine in danger and then began to shoot out its dense spikes.

Fortunately, Xia ruofei and Ling Qingxue were standing outside the attack range of the star Fern thorns, and the target of the array materials was very small. Even if a few thorns hit them, they did not suffer much damage. Moreover, once the array was activated, there was no way to stop it. Even if the materials of the array were destroyed, the flames that had already been born would not disappear.

The range of the array itself was not large, and it was only a few meters away from the star Fern thorn. As soon as the array was activated, the raging flames almost devoured the star Fern thorn in the blink of an eye.

The star Fern frantically shot out its thorns, but unfortunately, it was all in vain.

The flames from the confinement killing array were extremely powerful. In about a minute or two, the star Fern thorn had completely lost its vitality and was burned into a pile of powder.

Xia ruofei waved his hand gently and the powder flew into the air. However, there was no star Fern thorn soul essence under the powder.

Considering the low drop rate of the soul essence, Xia ruofei was not surprised at all. He kept the materials and checked them. He was relieved when he found that there was almost no damage.

Xia ruofei muttered to himself, then said to Ling Qingxue,””Qingxue, it seems that this array is quite useful. I’ll make a few more sets then. This should also improve our efficiency!”

Ling Qingxue nodded and said,”yes!” I agree! Go and prepare the materials for the formation! 1’11 still protect you!”

Xia ruofei nodded and took out the time formation flag and the materials for the alarm formation and protection formation from the spirit map space. He set up the formation as fast as he could.

Then, he went into the time array and took out a large amount of array materials from the spirit map space. He began to prepare the materials according to the improved version of the small – Area fire array.

This process was very boring but Xia ruofei had always been patient. He maintained a high degree of accuracy from the beginning to the end.

He spent about an hour to prepare another four sets of identical formations.

In this way, Xia ruofei had five small – range fire formations to use.

He put the formation materials into the spirit map space, then stepped out of the time formation and put away the formation flags and other formation materials.

“I’m ready!” Xia ruofei smiled at Ling Qingxue and said,”let’s go! Let’s go test our luck!”

“Hahaha! I’ve always had a good character!” Ling Qingxue said with a smile.

“My great aunt, please don’t raise any flags!” Xia ruofei quickly said,”I don’t want to be in a state of no harvest for the next ten hours!”

Ling Qingxue giggled and said,”don’t worry!” I believe in your luck!”

Xia ruofei shrugged his shoulders and pulled Ling Qingxue onto the curved Frost Flying sword. Then, he flew towards another star Fern thorn not far away.

Xia ruofei threw out the materials for the array and memorized the characteristics of the star Fern thorn. Then, he activated the array with a hand seal.

After activating the formation, Xia ruofei did not stop. He brought Ling Qingxue and rushed to another star Fern thorn. Then, he did the same thing again. He did not set up the formation, recorded the characteristics, activated the formation, and left…

Xia ruofei had five sets of formations at his disposal. In this situation where the star Fern thorns were scattered, he could exert as much speed as possible to increase his efficiency.

When Xia ruofei finished setting up the fifth formation and activated it, the star Fern thorn had already been burned into a pile of ashes in the first formation.

Xia ruofei stepped on the qushuang flying sword and came to the side of the array. He waved his hand and pushed the ashes away. There was still nothing inside.

Xia ruofei didn’t think too much about it. He kept the formation materials and ran to a star Fern thorn nearby.

Just like that, Xia ruofei used the five sets of formations to increase his efficiency. In the next hour or so, he had burned more than 300 star Fern thorns.

However, he still did not find a single star Fern thorn soul essence.

Compared to the probability of the star Fern thorn belt producing soul essences, it was normal for the 300 star Fern thorns to not produce a single soul essence.

However, Xia ruofei was a little depressed. It seemed that his luck was not very good!

However, Xia ruofei did not stop. Instead, he continued to use the five sets of formations and continued to advance.

Even though Xia ruofei knew that at this speed, it was impossible to gather all ten star Fern soul essence before the time limit, he would not give up so easily as long as there was one second left.

Just like that, another two hours passed in a tight schedule. Xia ruofei only had six hours left to complete the mission.

Xia ruofei had set up that small fire array countless times and was very familiar with it. He could set it up with his eyes closed and he could form the array in a breath’s time by throwing out the materials.

However, the few seconds of time saved by the increase in proficiency was nothing compared to the extremely low drop rate of the star Fern thorn soul essence.

For three hours, Xia ruofei had been setting up the formation, recording the characteristics, and putting away the formation. It was a great test of his mental and physical strength.

Ling Qingxue’s heart ached when she saw this. She couldn’t help but say,””RUO Fei, let’s rest for a while!” F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Xia ruofei grinned and said,”sure!” After all the star Fern thorns in these formations are burned to death, I will rest for a few minutes!”

He had just put away one set of array techniques and there were still four sets of array techniques in operation. Initially, Xia ruofei was about to fly to the other star Fern thorn and set up the array technique that he had just retrieved. However, since he was going to rest, he naturally would not set up another array technique.

Xia ruofei brought Ling Qingxue directly to one of the arrays. After waiting for a while, the star Fern thorn in the array had already been burned to death.

As usual, Xia ruofei withdrew the formation and swept the ashes away with a wave of his hand.

It was empty.

There was still no sign of the star Fern thorn soul essence.

Xia ruofei was already used to not getting anything. He smiled bitterly and rode his sword to the next formation.

Just like that, Xia ruofei kept three formations and arrived near the last one.

Similarly, Xia ruofei kept the formation materials into the spirit map space with great familiarity. Then, he swept away the ashes left by the star Fern thorn with a wave of his hand.

Then, Xia ruofei scanned through it as if he was doing his job. His eyes immediately froze.

A star Fern thorn soul essence was lying quietly on the ground.

Happiness came so suddenly that Xia ruofei was caught off guard. He rubbed his eyes and confirmed that he had obtained another star Fern thorn soul essence before he shouted excitedly,””Qingxue, I’ve found the third star Fern thorn soul essence!”

The formation in front of them was not far from the one that Xia ruofei had just kept. That was why Xia ruofei did not bring Ling Qingxue along with him.

Ling Qingxue heard him and quickly ran over.

At that moment, Xia ruofei had already retrieved the star Fern thorn soul essence and was grinning as he showed it to Ling Qingxue. In the field of view of his sensory mirror, the mission progress had finally been updated to 3/10.

Xia ruofei kept the star Fern thorn’s soul essence in his pocket and his expression turned serious. He tried his best to recall the characteristics of this star Fern thorn.. This would be of great significance to him in his search for the star Fern thorn’s soul essence!