Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3379: Another strange path (1)

Translator: 549690339 F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Xia ruofei still did not believe that the star Fern thorn soul essence would appear randomly. Hence, every time he used the formation to burn the star Fern thorn, he would remember the appearance and characteristics of the star Fern thorn. Once the star Fern thorn soul essence appeared, he could immediately compare it with the other.

These star Fern thorns were spread out like camel’s thorns. If one did not look carefully, every one of them was almost the same. There were hundreds to thousands of star Fern thorns. To remember every detail and characteristic was an impossible task for ordinary people. Even the most powerful brain could not do it.

However, for a cultivator, especially one with strong spiritual power like Xia ruofei, it was just a matter of spending a little more energy. It was not a particularly difficult thing.

When this star Fern thorn dropped its soul essence, Xia ruofei’s first thought was not that he had advanced another step in his mission progress, but that he immediately began to recall the details and characteristics of this star Fern thorn and compared it with all the star Fern thorns he had just memorized.

Although there were not many samples, Xia ruofei believed that he could still find out what was so special about this star Fern thorn.

Once he found this unique characteristic, Xia ruofei could follow the map and head straight for the star Fern thorn. He did not need to use an array to burn every star Fern thorn he encountered to know if it could produce the star Fern thorn soul essence.

This way, time would be saved and efficiency would be greatly improved.

Xia ruofei felt that this was the only way to complete the mission within the stipulated time. Otherwise, based on the probability, it would take a few hours to harvest one star Fern thorn soul essence. It would take at least dozens of hours to search without sleep and rest before it was possible to find all ten star Fern thorn soul essences.

And since the Almighty had set up this mission, it definitely couldn’t be an impossible mission.

Xia ruofei had also considered whether there was a formation with a larger area or a faster attack method that could increase the attack efficiency. This way, he could kill as many of the star Fern thorn’s targets as possible in a set time.

However, Xia ruofei was confident that he had more tricks up his sleeve compared to the other golden core cultivators. Even the large – scale fire array that he had developed to deal with the star Fern thorn ring was the limit of a golden core cultivator. It would be difficult to control it if it was any bigger.

Hence, Xia ruofei did not think that it was possible.

He was more inclined to believe that the star Fern thorn that could drop soul essence should have some remarkable or inconspicuous characteristics that were different from the ordinary star Fern thorn. This was the only way to speed up the screening process.

Hence, before Xia ruofei used the formation to burn the star Fern thorn, he would rather waste a few seconds to memorize the characteristics of the star Fern thorn before activating the formation.

Now, Xia ruofei’s seemingly time – wasting methods came in handy.

This was the last Burning Star Fern thorn that Xia ruofei had used an array to surround before he went to rest. Hence, this was the moment when he had the deepest impression of it. As long as he tried to recall, all the details and characteristics of this star Fern thorn would appear before his eyes.

Then, Xia ruofei compared every detail with the star Fern thorn that had caused him to lose his harvest.

With this comparison, Xia ruofei really found a few differences.

This star Fern thorn that had dropped a soul essence seemed to have a darker color, especially the thorns growing on the root. The tip of the thorns was almost pure black, while the rest of the star Fern thorns were light gray.

This was the most obvious difference.

There were also some minor differences, such as the color of the leaves and the size and shape of the thorns. However, these were not very obvious and Xia ruofei remembered them all.

He didn’t know if this was the real difference between the two star Fern thorns or if it was a normal deviation. After all, the number of samples was not particularly large, and the conclusion he had drawn could only be used as a reference.

However, with this as a reference, Xia ruofei had already gained a lot.

He quickly memorized all the characteristics he had observed, and then said to Ling Qingxue,””Qingxue! Let’s keep up the good work!”

Ling Qingxue was also very excited. She nodded and said,”Mm! Good luck! We are one step closer to completing the mission!”

Ling Qingxue knew very well that at this rate, it was impossible to complete the mission. However, she had full confidence in Xia ruofei. This blind confidence made her feel no despair and helplessness at the moment of failure. Instead, it filled her with motivation.

Xia ruofei was eager to verify the differences he had observed and see if they were the key points to distinguish between the two star Fern thorns. Thus, he did not stop there and immediately rode on the qushuang flying sword, bringing Ling Qingxue with him to another star Fern thorn nearby.

After a quick observation, Xia ruofei realized that this star Fern thorn was the same as most of the other star Fern thorns he had burned. It was plain and unremarkable. He had found a few differences, but none of them matched.

Hence, Xia ruofei avoided this star Fern thorn and ran towards another star Fern thorn that was further away.

It was the first time Ling Qingxue had seen Xia ruofei not attack when he encountered the star Fern. Instead, he took a detour to avoid it.

Time was of the essence, so he should be burning as many star Fern thorns as possible.. Even if the probability was low, he still needed ordinary star Fern thorns to contribute to the denominator!