Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3381: The third part of the mission (1)

Translator: 549690339

Time was of the essence. Even though Xia ruofei could basically confirm that he had grasped the star Fern thorn’s distinctive feature that could drop soul essence, he still had to spend a lot of time looking for it as it was very rare.

Based on his current speed, it was highly likely that he would not be able to gather all 10 star Fern thorn soul essence before the end of the mission.

Hence, Xia ruofei did not dare to relax for even a moment. After collecting the star Fern thorn’s soul essence, he immediately brought Ling Qingxue along and flew on his flying sword to the nearest star Fern thorn.

On the fifth floor of the Tower of Trials, the map of the perceptual mirror was very small. Xia ruofei could not grasp the distribution of the star Fern thorns from the big picture, let alone find the special star Fern thorns that could drop soul essence just by looking at the map of the perceptual mirror. Hence, he could only follow the principle of the nearest tree and look for it one by one.

This was more or less a test of luck, but sometimes luck was also a part of one’s strength. If his luck was so bad that he could not find a single star Fern thorn for the next few hours, Xia ruofei would accept this reality because he had done everything he could.

When there were only three hours left on the mission, Xia ruofei finally obtained the sixth star Fern thorn soul essence.

With two hours left on the mission time, he obtained the seventh Star Fern thorn soul essence.

At this rate, there was not enough time.

Not long after, Xia ruofei did not give up and continued to search with all his might. He did not even have the time to rest. Most of the time, he would pause for a moment to confirm the target’s situation before immediately continuing to fly forward on his sword. When he encountered a special star Fern thorn, he only spent two to three minutes setting up and activating the array until he collected the star Fern thorn soul essence.

The consumption of energy would be huge if he were to carry a person on his flying sword for a few hours.

Fortunately, Xia ruofei’s energy storage Pearl had stored a large amount of vital Qi. The amount of vital Qi that an early nascent soul realm cultivator could have at his peak state was at least several times more than Xia ruofei’s current vital Qi. Hence, when Xia ruofei’s vital Qi began to run out, the energy storage Pearl’s effect was obvious.

It was because of the elemental storage Pearl that Xia ruofei was able to fly at a high speed and maintain a good physical condition.

Even though time was running out, giving up halfway was never Xia ruofei’s style.

As long as he wasn’t forcefully teleported out of the trial Pagoda’s 5th level, he would continue searching.

There was only one hour left for the mission. Xia ruofei had obtained the eighth star Fern thorn soul essence.

Ever since Xia ruofei had mastered the special characteristics of the star Fern thorn that could drop soul essence, he had basically maintained the speed of finding a star Fern thorn in about an hour.

However, this speed wasn’t enough. He still needed two star Fern thorns, and he only had an hour left.

Xia ruofei quietly kept the star Fern thorn soul essence in his pocket. Then, he brought Ling Qingxue along and continued to advance on his sword.

When the mission bar showed that there were 15 minutes left, Xia ruofei had successfully found the ninth star Fern thorn soul essence.

This time, he had finally managed to bring the time forward a little, buying himself fifteen minutes.

However, it was clear that this was not enough time.

Even Ling Qingxue, who had always been confident in Xia ruofei, felt a sense of hopelessness.

Xia ruofei still did not say a word. After obtaining the ninth star Fern thorn soul essence, he did not waste a single second and immediately carried Ling Qingxue forward on his flying sword.

With 12 minutes left, Xia ruofei searched for 8 star Fern thorns. All of them were ordinary star Fern thorns.

With 10 minutes left, Xia ruofei searched for another 8 star Fern thorns, but he still found nothing.

There were seven minutes left. Xia ruofei had searched all Nine Star Fern thorns but still found nothing. He came to the vicinity of the tenth star Fern thorn.

However, he did not immediately observe the characteristics of this star Fern thorn. Instead, he thoughtfully scanned his surroundings.

“Ruofei, why did you stop?” Ling Qingxue knew that time was of the essence, so when she saw that Xia ruofei had stopped his flying sword and had no intention of starting it again, she could not help but remind him.

Of course, Ling Qingxue also knew that with Xia ruofei’s temper, he would not give up no matter what. She was just worried that Xia ruofei would be distracted.

Xia ruofei looked around and said after a moment of silence,””Qingxue, I think that if we continue searching, these six to seven minutes will be like a cup of water on a burning cart of firewood. Unless I’m really lucky, there’s no way I can find the special star Fern thorn in such a short time. So … Since there are still a few minutes left, let’s just try our luck!”

“Try my luck?” Ling Qingxue was taken aback.”What do you want to do?” I’ll support you!”

Xia ruofei nodded.”! don’t have time to explain. I’ll go and set up the array!”

With that, Xia ruofei jumped off the qushuang flying sword with Ling Qingxue. He also told Ling Qingxue to be careful and not run around. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Then, Xia ruofei took out the formation materials from the spirit map space and started to set up the formation.

What he took out wasn’t the small – scale flame attack array that he had used countless times, but another set of flame array that he had modified for large – scale attack..