Chapter 3387: Unparalleled talent (1)

Translator: 549690339

There were thousands of grooves on the stone pillars for embedding the star Fern thorn soul essence.

In theory, there were many possible ways to embed the star Fern thorn soul essence in different grooves. This number would be very large, even infinitely large compared to the number of deductions a person could make in a limited time.

Even if Xia ruofei’s spiritual power increased by a few times, it was impossible to turn his brain into a supercomputer. Even if it was a supercomputer, it could not complete such a huge amount of calculations in such a short time.

Hence, Xia ruofei had given up on using the exhaustive method to calculate the best combination.

He was using his own understanding of array Dao, the stone pillar array, and the array patterns. After combining these factors, he could actually eliminate most of the combinations.

On this basis, he substituted the star Fern soul essence for analysis, and the amount of calculation was naturally much less.

However, this was also relative. In fact, in such a short period of time, he had to calculate a lot of data, so much so that he himself did not have absolute confidence in finding the best solution.

Xia ruofei stood in the middle of the stone pillar formation, unmoving. However, his brain was working at full speed, deducing all kinds of possibilities in his mind.

Such a huge and complicated array involved all kinds of array knowledge. Xia ruofei’s array knowledge seemed to be a little lacking.

He felt slightly strained, but every time he deduced, his understanding of array Dao would improve.

As time passed, Xia ruofei’s thoughts became clearer.

He began to draw in the air with his hand, and the expression on his face kept changing.

The array runes that Xia ruofei had created with his spiritual energy seemed to have substance. They flowed out from Xia ruofei’s fingertips and stayed in the air for a second or two before slowly dissipating.

Ling Qingxue saw Xia ruofei’s actions and knew that he was very engrossed. She did not understand the meaning of the lines drawn by his fingers.

In the majestic hall of the hidden space filled with purple spiritual energy, the elder in the green Daoist robe had a surprised look on his face. Ling Qingxue could not understand the meaning of the lines that Xia ruofei had drawn casually, but the elder in the green Daoist robe understood everything with a single glance.

The green – robed old man’s expression of admiration grew more and more intense. He chuckled and muttered to himself,””! didn’t expect… This little guy’s comprehension in the array Dao to be much higher than 1 imagined!”

Xia ruofei was almost in a state of complete oblivion. After comparing countless combinations in his mind, he finally selected three combinations. These should be the three most optimal combinations for the array.

However, Xia ruofei couldn’t tell which one was better.

Although the mission description said that as long as the rating was ‘good’, it would be considered a pass, and Xia ruofei was confident that any of the three combinations could meet the ‘good’ standard, he had always pursued perfection. Since there was a chance to get a higher rating, why should he make do with it?

Moreover, there was still about half an hour left for the mission, and he could still do some more analysis, so he was not in a hurry. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

However, the three combinations he picked out in the end were really on par. He simulated it many times in his mind, but he still felt that there was no obvious difference. The effect should be similar.

At this time, most people would choose one of them to make sure the mission was completed.

However, Xia ruofei seemed to be stuck in a dilemma. He knew that the three combinations would not have the same effect. There must be the best combination.

Xia ruofei was in a difficult position.

Time continued to pass by. Ling Qingxue could not help but feel anxious. The time for the mission was almost up, but there seemed to be no progress on Xia ruofei’s side. However, she did not dare to disturb Xia ruofei. She could only stand by the side and worry. Her fingers unconsciously clenched her clothes until her knuckles turned white, but she did not notice.

Xia ruofei put his hand into his pocket and touched a star Fern thorn soul essence.

At this moment, it was as if a bolt of lightning had struck his mind, causing him to shiver.

Then, all kinds of thoughts emerged in his mind. He suddenly remembered that he had obtained a star Fern thorn soul essence on the way here. In other words, he could use not ten star Fern thorn soul essences, but eleven.

With an additional star Fern thorn soul essence, there would be many more possibilities.

In the past few hours, Xia ruofei had been studying the stone pillar array. He had a clear understanding of the grooves where the star Fern thorn soul essence was embedded.

Thus, when he realized that he still had one more star Fern thorn soul essence, he naturally thought of many possibilities.

There were a few combinations that he had eliminated, but if he added a star Fern thorn soul essence, the effect would be greatly different.

Just like that, Xia ruofei’s brain was spinning rapidly as he filtered out the possible combinations.

Of course, the speed was much faster this time because most of the eliminated combination methods had barely satisfactory effects even if a star Fern thorn soul essence was added in. Some of them were even better off not adding it.

Hence, Xia ruofei quickly came up with five combinations, including the three that he had previously selected..