Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3401: Goldthread nether snake (1)

Translator: 549690339

At this moment, Xia ruofei felt an unprecedented sense of danger.

His entire body trembled, and his mind became clear.

At this moment, Xia ruofei saw that Ling Qingxue was already moving towards the strange plant involuntarily. It was as if she had forgotten where she was. She had completely let go of her hands and was just about to walk towards it.

Xia ruofei broke out in a cold sweat. He grabbed the protruding part of the rock wall with one hand and grabbed Ling Qingxue’s EVA suit with the other. At the same time, he shouted, ’’”Qingxue!”

Xia ruofei’s shout contained his spiritual power, and Ling Qingxue’s mind became clearer. However, her eyes still carried a trace of confusion.

At this moment, Xia ruofei saw from the corner of his eye a pair of cold eyes staring at him from a distance of one or two meters away from the yuan Qi protective shield he had erected. The eyes were emotionless, making Xia ruofei feel as if he had been splashed with ice water. He was cold from head to toe, and his body was stiff.

Besides, Xia ruofei could clearly see that this pair of eyes came from a huge triangular head. The scales on it were faintly visible in the mist.

At that moment, Xia ruofei’s hair stood on end.

He had never felt such a great sense of life – and – Death crisis before.

However, Xia ruofei’s mental strength was still very strong. He did not become weak in the face of the sudden danger. On the contrary, his brain was unusually active at this moment, and countless thoughts had already passed through his mind in an instant.

His first reaction was to use his mind and an invisible force acted on Ling Qingxue’s body.

At that moment, Ling Qingxue’s consciousness was still in a daze and she did not resist at all. Xia ruofei easily kept Ling Qingxue into the spirit map space.

Of course, Xia ruofei had already prepared for this. Thus, Ling Qingxue was kept into an independent space that he had created in the mountain sea realm.

This independent space was very small, and it was surrounded by thick fog. There were many layers of space outside.

Xia ruofei had already considered this. It was to deal with such extreme situations so that he could protect Ling Qingxue at the first moment.

Even though Ling Qingxue’s spiritual power had already broken through to the spirit gathering realm, she was still unable to penetrate the layers of space that were nested in such an arrangement. After several distortions, she was unable to sense the situation of the mountain and sea realm in the spirit map’s space even if she used her spiritual power to probe.

As for the naked eye, it was even more impossible to see. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Moreover, the fog that Xia ruofei had deliberately set up was similar to the fog at the bottom of the cliff. Ling Qingxue was so muddleheaded that she could not even sense the changes in her surroundings.

After Xia ruofei put Ling Qingxue into the spirit map space, he had no more worries.

This was only the first action that was completed in an instant. Immediately after, he controlled the flying sword of the qushuang and directly stepped on the flying sword to silently execute the sword Art. Without any hesitation, he flew up at high speed, displaying his speed to the extreme.

When the huge snake head appeared, Xia ruofei had already realized the extreme danger.

It took him only one or two seconds to complete these two actions.

Of course, Xia ruofei didn’t forget to maintain his protective shield at all times. He knew very well that in such an environment, once the yuan Qi protective shield dissipated, he wouldn’t be able to last more than two minutes with just his spacesuit.

If he came into direct contact with the poisonous mist, no matter how strong or talented Xia ruofei was, there would only be one outcome – he would not even have a corpse left.

The golden thread nether snake was as powerful as a peak – Stage golden core cultivator. Xia ruofei would not be able to defeat it.

He had always been very careful and alert of the surrounding situation, but he did not expect that he still did not notice anything.

Xia ruofei didn’t know if the two fruits had bewitched his mind, but he didn’t even notice the golden thread nether snake when it was nearby.

It was also possible that the goldthread nether snake had been hiding nearby, but Xia ruofei’s spiritual power had not discovered it.

In short, such a dangerous demonic beast was only three to four meters away from him. Xia ruofei was very clear what this meant.

Therefore, his first reaction, other than protecting Ling Qingxue, was to distance himself from the other party.

In reality, Xia ruofei did not see the monster’s full appearance. However, he could sense extreme danger from just a glimpse. Hence, his intuition told him that it was a goldthread nether snake. Without any hesitation, he immediately made a move to escape.

When Xia ruofei received the mission, he knew that it would be very difficult, but he still risked his life to climb down. However, he did not want to fight the goldthread nether snake head – on. He wanted to use some supplementary techniques of a cultivator, such as formations and magical weapons, to deal with the snake. Under such circumstances, he had no other choice but to run.

The goldthread nether snake’s speed was extremely fast. This was already explained in the mission notification of the perceptual mirror. Xia ruofei was mentally prepared. However, Xia ruofei realized that he had underestimated the snake’s speed.

Xia ruofei kept Ling Qingxue in the spirit map space for protection, then immediately stepped on his flying sword and climbed up at full speed. It only took him one or two seconds. It could be said that he had moved one step earlier than the goldthread nether snake..