Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3402: Goldthread nether snake (2) Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Translator: 549690339

However, he had only flown a dozen meters high on his flying sword before he felt the threat of death.

Immediately after, Xia ruofei felt his energy shield shatter like an egg shell hitting a sharp stone.

The poisonous mist immediately swept over.

At the same time, Xia ruofei took a quick glance and realized that the golden thread nether snake’s huge triangular head was only about two meters away from him. The huge snake’s body could be seen vaguely in the clouds, like a giant dragon shuttling through the fog.

The toxic mist was moving at an incredible speed. In the blink of an eye, it had enveloped Xia ruofei. He could clearly feel his spacesuit being corroded.

This was the first time Xia ruofei felt that death was so close to him.

If Xia ruofei hesitated for even a second, he would either be buried in the snake’s stomach or fall off the cliff. Soon, his spacesuit would be completely corroded and he would die a more miserable death.

At this critical moment, Xia ruofei thought of the only solution in this desperate situation.

With a thought, the spirit map scroll appeared in his palm.

Then, Xia ruofei used all his strength to throw the spirit map scroll towards the mountain peak. At the same time, he directly entered the spirit map space and entered the Archean realm.

The spirit painting itself was not heavy and it was very small. If an Aurous core cultivator used all his strength to throw it, the strength would be quite amazing.

Therefore, from the snake’s point of view, it was as if the human had disappeared into thin air, leaving only a scroll whizzing upwards. It was so fast that it could not even react in time. It could only see a shadow, and in the blink of an eye, the scroll had become a small black dot in its vision.

Xia ruofei’s sudden disappearance had stunned the goldthread nether snake. While it was still in a daze, the spirit painting had already risen a hundred meters. Its momentum had not decreased by much and it was still flying upwards at an extremely fast speed.

The golden thread nether snake quickly came back to its senses and let out an angry hiss. Its huge body twisted slightly, and then it jumped up. It ran along the cliff as if it was on flat ground, and quickly chased up. Its hard scales seemed to have suction cups, and the steep mountain wall could not stop it at all.

As the goldthread nether snake moved quickly, the rocks on the cliff fell with a clatter. A shallow ravine was formed wherever the snake passed.

This was just the snake’s burst of speed, but it was able to leave behind a ditch on the cliff wall. It was clear how strong its body was.

Xia ruofei’s mind was extremely calm even when he was facing death.

It could be said that he had made the only correct choice. Furthermore, at the last moment, he had not forgotten that he had to enter the Archean realm and not the mountain sea realm.

As there was a 30 times difference in the flow of time between the inside and outside, after Xia ruofei entered the spirit map space and reached the primal level, sensing the situation outside was 30 times slower. This gave him a lot of time to react.

The first thing he did was to use his spirit power to look outside. From his perspective, the entire world was spinning at a slow speed. For a moment, he saw the unchanging sky in the trial Pagoda, and for a moment, he saw the cliff wall shrouded in clouds. A moment later, he saw the goldthread nether snake’s enormous triangular head slowly approaching…

This was because Xia ruofei had grabbed the spirit painting and thrown it with all his might. Hence, it was actually spinning rapidly in the air. If Xia ruofei did not have a time flow that was 30 times faster than normal, he would have seen a rapidly spinning and constantly inverted world.

Xia ruofei’s first concern was still the safety of the spirit map.

After the yuan Qi Shield was destroyed by the golden thread nether snake, the spirit map was exposed to the poisonous mist. Even though Xia ruofei was very confident in the spirit map, the mist was too terrifying. He was worried that the spirit map would be corroded.

Hence, the first thing Xia ruofei did after entering the formation was to check the state of the spirit painting.

What made him feel slightly relieved was that the spirit map scroll didn’t seem to be affected by the poisonous cloud. Even the surface of the scroll didn’t show any signs of corrosion.

Not only that, but Xia ruofei could also feel that the spirit painting seemed to be absorbing the poisonous mist around it on its own. He could not help but be slightly surprised.

The spirit map easily absorbed most of the poisonous fog. Xia ruofei could feel that the density of the fog around the painting had decreased. However, when he tried to sense it again, he could not find out where the poisonous fog had gone after it was absorbed.

Xia ruofei frowned slightly. Then, he immediately reached out and took a time array flag. He quickly set it up in the small square of the Archean realm.

Soon, the time formation was set up.

Xia ruofei entered the range of the formation without hesitation.

In this way, there was a difference of about 2000 times in the flow of time between him and the outside world. This gave him enough time to investigate the situation outside and think of countermeasures.

Now, when Xia ruofei tried to sense the outside world again, he realized that everything seemed to be frozen. If he did not carefully check and compare, he would not even feel that the spirit map scroll was spinning.

This was because the difference in the flow of time between the outside world and the outside world was too great. In the time formation that Xia ruofei was in, every half an hour that passed was only one second in the outside world.

With that, Xia ruofei finally had enough time to think of a solution.

He heaved a long sigh of relief and sat down cross – legged in the middle of the formation. He began to think about how he could escape and how he could deal with the goldthread nether snake.

Even though he had personally experienced the terror of the goldthread nether snake, Xia ruofei had no intention of giving up.

As long as there was a chance, Xia ruofei would try his best to complete the task.

However, the goldthread nether snake was so powerful that Xia ruofei could not think of a good way to deal with it.

The description of the goldthread nether snake in the perceptual mirror was very limited, so Xia ruofei had really underestimated it at first.

Xia ruofei even thought that the golden thread nether snake was similar to the ordinary venomous snakes on earth. However, just its size alone was enough to make Xia ruofei gasp. Some species of pythons on earth were obviously not as big as this golden thread nether snake.

The mission notification had only mentioned the snake’s characteristics, especially the three one – inch – long golden threads on the snake’s head, which caused Xia ruofei to misunderstand. He did not expect the three one – inch – long golden threads to be almost undetectable compared to the snake’s huge head. Hence, he had made a wrong judgment about the snake’s size.

Most of the larger pythons were not poisonous. However, not only was the golden thread nether snake large in size, but it also carried a highly poisonous mist. This was not just from the introduction of the sensory mirror, but also from the shape of its head. Generally, snakes with triangular heads were poisonous.

Xia ruofei had obtained a lot of ancient books about the cultivation world from the Jade talisman of inheritance. Among them, there were many descriptions of the various demonic beasts that had once existed in the cultivation world. Of course, many demonic beasts had gone extinct, at least on earth.

Xia ruofei could not find any information about the goldthread nether snake in the books.

Initially, Xia ruofei had wanted to get more detailed information, especially the goldthread nether snake’s weakness. Only then would he be able to think of a way to defeat it. However, there was no record of the goldthread nether snake in the ancient books, and the mission prompt of the perceptual mirror did not mention anything about the snake. As such, it would be more difficult for Xia ruofei to find its weakness.

Xia ruofei didn’t know that in a secret space enshrouded in purple mist, an elder in a green Daoist robe was constantly paying attention to the situation on the sixth level of the trial Pagoda.

When he saw Xia ruofei’s series of actions that seemed to be reflexively completed without thinking, he couldn’t help but nod.

One had to admit that Xia ruofei’s ability to adapt was very strong..