Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3423: A small test of one’s skills (1)

Translator: 549690339

There were more than ten ants that had escaped the net. They were separated by the fire array on the other side of the hall. They were so scared that they kept retreating, not daring to get close at all.

It was only when Xia ruofei removed the formation that they slowly approached him again. It was obvious that they had received orders to attack anyone who entered the hall, so they would not give up easily.

Xia ruofei didn’t release his formation to deal with the ants. He wanted to test his spiritual power, especially after he had reached the intermediate stage of the Golden elixir realm.

Naturally, Xia ruofei had an objective understanding of his own strength after the improvement of his cultivation. However, the change in his combat power was more obvious in actual combat.

Moreover, there were not many ants. Hence, Xia ruofei wanted to deal with them by himself instead of relying on the fire array.

Thus, he gestured for Ling Qingxue to retreat a little. Then, he took out the flying sword of the bent frost.

After Xia ruofei’s spiritual power had increased greatly, his control of the flying sword became more smooth. He silently used the sword technique and the tip of the flying sword trembled slightly. The next moment, it turned into a sharp light and arrived in front of the ant in the blink of an eye.

The sound of metal clashing rang out. In that instant, the flying swords had already attacked the ant seven or eight times. They stabbed, cut, chopped… The attacks landed on the ant from different angles.

However, the ant was only pushed back a few steps, and a few white marks appeared on its body. It did not suffer any serious injuries.

Xia ruofei’s eyes narrowed. Although he had not used his full strength, the attack was already very powerful. Even an average intermediate stage golden core cultivator would find it hard to resist such an attack. However, the ant did not Dodge or avoid the sword. It might be because the flying sword was too fast that it did not have time to Dodge the sword and did not suffer any substantial damage.

It could be seen that the ant’s physical defense was also very strong.

The ant’s ferocity was also stimulated. Indeed, it didn’t have time to Dodge. The speed of the qushuang flying sword was extremely fast, and the attack trajectory of the noble Sword technique was very strange. Its movement speed was also very slow, so it couldn’t Dodge even if it wanted to. In addition, although its outer shell hadn’t been broken by the flying swords of qushuang, each attack was extremely heavy, and its inner defenses had suffered a great shock. These attacks had actually caused it some damage.

Initially, the ant was a little scared because of the fire formation. However, after Xia ruofei’s attack, it became more aggressive and started to ignore him. It raised its head and squeaked as it sped up towards Xia ruofei.

Xia ruofei didn’t stop his attack. The qushuang flying sword drew a mysterious arc and stabbed down at the ant.

This time, Xia ruofei almost used all his strength.

The ant also sensed the danger. Its two hind legs suddenly stomped on the ground, its speed increasing a bit. The flying sword of qushuang missed and directly stabbed into the bluestone ground, causing sparks to fly.

Xia ruofei was already prepared for this. As soon as the qushuang flying sword missed, the blue immortal sword, which was hidden at the side, flew over. Although he didn’t use a Sword Art to control the flying sword, Xia ruofei’s full – strength attack was still very terrifying. The blue immortal sword made a sharp sound as it cut through the air and ruthlessly cut the ant’s neck.

The ant happened to raise its head and was three to four meters away from Xia ruofei. The blue immortal sword could hit its neck.

With a “plop” sound, the ant’s neck was cut open, and green liquid immediately spurted out of the wound, dripping on the ground with a sizzling sound.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but stare. He didn’t know if the green liquid was the blood of an ant, but it seemed to be poisonous.

The ant’s neck had been cut open, but it was not completely dead.

Its protruding eyes flashed with an ominous glint. It raised its terrifying mouthpart at Xia ruofei and a stream of green liquid shot towards Xia ruofei at an extremely fast speed.

Xia ruofei’s reaction was also extremely fast. He immediately released a Yuan Qi barrier and at the same time, he tiptoed to the side and retreated. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

When he passed by Ling Qingxue, he even grabbed Ling Qingxue’s slender waist and pulled her back.

When the green liquid came into contact with Xia ruofei’s energy shield, it was not blocked. After a series of sizzling sounds, Xia ruofei’s vital Qi protective shield was corroded and full of holes. The green liquid did not slow down and continued to shoot towards where Xia ruofei had stopped.

Fortunately, Xia ruofei had dodged in time, and the energy shield had more or less delayed the attack.

Otherwise, the distance of three to four meters would have been covered in the blink of an eye, and if he had hesitated even for a moment, the green liquid would have spurted onto him.

When Xia ruofei saw the green liquid Land on the ground, it made a sizzling sound and even emitted white smoke. He could not help but feel scared.

Although the bluestone floor of the heavenly cloud Palace did not change, he knew that this Palace was made by a Senior Master. Naturally, it could easily withstand the green liquid. However, if the green liquid fell on his body, the result would not be the same. Even if his body was very strong and his cultivation had reached the middle stage of the Golden core realm, he would most likely be corroded and riddled with holes..