Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3434: The difficulties (2)

Translator: 549690339

However, there was more than one star Fern thorn here. There were at least ten to twenty star Fern thorns beside and behind it, all of which could attack Xia ruofei.

In the blink of an eye, these star Fern thorns also shot sharp thorns at Xia ruofei.

Xia ruofei looked at the overwhelming number of thorns and could not help but feel a little scared. He knew very well that even if he was faster, it would be difficult to block such a concentrated attack.

Hence, Xia ruofei decisively took a few steps back and hid behind the wall.

Naturally, the attacks of those thorns all missed.

However, Xia ruofei’s first attempt still ended in failure.

This screen wall was a good barrier, but it was fair to both sides. Xia ruofei’s spiritual power couldn’t penetrate the screen wall at all. Even the tunnel at the side seemed to have blocked his spiritual power. This caused Xia ruofei to be unable to hide behind the screen wall and control his flying sword to attack the star Fern thorn.

Xia ruofei calmed himself down and decided to make a comeback.

He once again gathered his spirit and left the range of the image wall in one step. He continued to attack the star Fern thorn on the left.

Xia ruofei took a quick glance and saw that the wound on the star Fern’s thorny branch had already begun to heal.

The star Fern thorn’s recovery ability was too shocking. Although Xia ruofei’s strength had greatly improved and he could use continuous attacks to cause continuous damage to the star Fern thorn, the problem was that the star Fern thorn was too densely distributed. He had no way of continuously attacking under such an overwhelming attack.

This time, it was the same. Xia ruofei only had time to control the qushuang flying sword and the traveling Jade immortal sword to slash at the star Fern thorn once and expand the wound that was almost healing. However, the surrounding star Fern thorns immediately attacked him in groups. He was immediately defeated and retreated behind the image wall.

Xia ruofei frowned. This could not go on! The efficiency was too low!

There were at least a few hundred to a thousand star Fern thorns in this Hall. If it was so difficult to deal with one star Fern thorn, how long would it take to clean up so many star Fern thorns?

He still had to think of other ways!

Xia ruofei recalled the method he had used to deal with the goldthread nether snake on the previous level of the trial Pagoda and it gave him a hint of inspiration.

However, whether or not he could put it into action would depend on the specific situation.

Hence, Xia ruofei regrouped again. This time, he peeked out from the right side of the wall.

As expected, the star Fern thorn’s attack quickly arrived.

However, this time, Xia ruofei only tried his best to Dodge and did not attack the star Fern thorn.

His main goal was to observe the distribution of star Fern thorns in the hall.

As Xia ruofei did not take the initiative to attack, there were fewer star Fern thorns that attacked Xia ruofei at the same time, which allowed him to hold on for a while longer.

The last few thorns were too dense, and he had no choice but to retreat.

With just a glance, Xia ruofei had already seen the general distribution of the star Fern thorns in the hall.

He tried a few more times, stretching out his body from the left or right, but he only dodged each time and did not take the initiative to attack.

After doing this for four to five times, he had basically figured out the distribution of the star Fern thorns in the entire Hall, forming a direct map in his mind.

After that, Xia ruofei did not make any more pointless attempts. He leaned against the image wall and first informed Ling Qingxue that he was safe in the spirit map space. Then, he closed his eyes and began to analyze the situation that he had detected.

After about five minutes, Xia ruofei opened his eyes.

He took a deep breath and simulated the route that he had just planned in his mind. Then, he nodded silently.

Xia ruofei summoned the spirit map scroll from his palm and held it tightly in his hand.

Then, he took a step forward.

The few star Fern thorns closest to him immediately shot thorns at him without hesitation.

This time, Xia ruofei did not care about the rapidly approaching thorns. He did not even try to dodge them. Instead, he threw the spirit map scroll in his hand. At the same time, with a thought, he entered the spirit map’s space and entered the primal realm.

As soon as he entered the medium, Xia ruofei immediately started to observe the situation outside.

From the perspective of the spirit map space, the scene outside looked like a spinning vortex. In fact, it was the spirit map scroll that was spinning non – stop in the air after Xia ruofei had thrown it out.

As time was flowing at thirty times the normal speed, the rotation of the spirit map was in slow motion in Xia ruofei’s eyes.

Xia ruofei saw that the painting would not fall to the ground for a while, so he took out all the materials related to the fire array and changed the worn parts.

After he had prepared the fire array, he checked the situation outside and found that the image had stabilized.

The spirit map scroll lay quietly in an open space among the star Fern thorn bushes.

Xia ruofei was very satisfied with his precise throw. The strength and angle were just right. The spirit painting landed precisely in the gap that he had planned in advance.

Since the spirit painting scroll was a dead object without a trace of life, it did not launch any attacks even though it was surrounded by star Fern thorns, the closest one less than 50 centimeters.

Just like that, Xia ruofei arrived at the center of the star Fern thorn bush in a cheating way.

He then used his mental power to observe the distribution of the star Fern thorns around him, matching them with the distribution map in his mind one by one. Then, he silently deduced it, and after confirming that there were no problems, he sent the materials for the fire array out of the spirit map space one by one. He used his mental power to lift them up and place them in the positions he had chosen in advance.

These star Fern thorns were planted rather densely, and the space in the middle was not big. Hence, it was not easy for Xia ruofei to find a place in the dense cluster of star Fern thorns where all the materials for the entire array could be placed.

Fortunately, he still managed to find these locations.

Xia ruofei set up the wide – range fire array.

As for the location of the spirit map, it was naturally the eye of the array. This was the only way to ensure that the flame array would not burn him when it was activated.

Due to the terrain’s limitations, Xia ruofei’s formation could only cover an area of about ten meters.

However, there were already hundreds of star Fern thorns in this ten – meter radius. If Xia ruofei had to cut them one by one, who knew how long it would take him to do it?

Xia ruofei checked and after confirming that there were no problems, he gave out a crystal and let it land on the control core of the formation.

Then, he unhesitatingly formed a seal and activated the fire array.

Immediately, raging flames began to burn within the range of the array.

This flame was of the same origin as the flame formed by the black light of the confinement killing array. Compared to the ordinary flames in the secular world, its destructive power was much greater.

After all, the star Fern thorn was also a plant, and fire was undoubtedly its natural enemy, let alone the kind of flame formed by the black sharp light.

Thus, these star Fern thorns were quickly ignited, emitting crackling sounds.

The location of the spirit painting just so happened to be the eye of the formation. Not only did the flames completely avoid it, but there was also a protective shield around it, isolating the high temperature from the outside.

After all, the painting looked like it was made of paper, so Xia ruofei had been feeling apprehensive. If he were to burn the painting, it would be a huge loss. Wouldn’t that be a huge joke?

He wasn’t worried about whether the star Fern spikes within the array’s range could be burned out. On the contrary, he had been paying attention to the safety of the spirit map scroll. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Fortunately, he had designed it well, and the spirit painting itself was not so easily destroyed, so there had been no abnormalities.

The burning lasted for a few minutes, and the star Fern thorns were all turned to dust. With the spirit map scroll as the center, a space about ten meters in radius was cleared.

The entire Hall was about 100 meters long and wide. Hence, Xia ruofei had only destroyed less than one – tenth of the star Fern thorns. It would take a lot of effort to completely destroy all the star Fern thorns in the hall..