Chapter 3447: Qingxue stops at the eighth level (1)

Translator: 549690339 Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Xia ruofei looked carefully and barely recognized that Ling Qingxue had been repeating the word “pressure”.

What kind of pressure? Spiritual pressure? Or was it some other form of pressure?

It was difficult to convey complex information with this type of lip movement.

Xia ruofei was a little regretful that he had not taught Ling Qingxue sign language in the military. Of course, sign language could only convey some simple messages. It could not replace language.

However, Xia ruofei saw that Ling Qingxue was standing on the first step with a relaxed expression and felt a little more at ease.

If it really was spiritual power, then Ling Qingxue still had a great advantage.

Her spiritual power had already reached the middle stage of the spirit gathering realm, which was equivalent to the standard of a cultivator in the middle stage of the Golden core realm. This flight of steps was a test for cultivators in the Qi refining realm. If it was only a test of the ability of one’s spiritual power to withstand the pressure, Ling Qingxue would have a high chance of passing.

As Xia ruofei thought about it, he gestured to Ling Qingxue, telling her to focus on the challenge and not be distracted.

Ling Qingxue nodded. She steadied herself and continued to take another step.

Xia ruofei saw that Ling Qingxue’s body also swayed slightly, but she quickly stabilized herself.

Following that, Ling Qingxue maintained a steady pace. With every step she took, she would rest for a moment before continuing.

Before she knew it, Ling Qingxue had already climbed twenty to thirty steps.

Xia ruofei had been looking up at Ling Qingxue the whole time. His brows were also slightly furrowed.

He could feel the pressure on Ling Qingxue increasing.

Even the amount of time required to rest and adjust at each step was increasing. It could be seen that the checkpoints of this heavenly stairs were not as simple as they seemed.

There were still five to six hundred steps above. If the pressure increased with every step she took, it would be difficult for Ling Qingxue to reach the top in her current state.

But now that Ling Qingxue was already on the stairway to heaven, Xia ruofei couldn’t help. He could only cheer for her from the side.

Ling Qingxue continued to climb upwards. Although the pressure was getting greater and greater, the first hundred steps weren’t particularly difficult for her. It was just that each step required a little more time to adjust, and the true Qi oscillation in her body was more obvious. However, overall, it was still within her ability.

After reaching the 100th step, Ling Qingxue suddenly felt the pressure increase.

Her face was getting redder and redder. With each step she took, her body would shake a few times before she could stabilize herself. The true energy in her body seemed to be out of control and began to shake violently. It took her a lot of effort to stabilize it.

Xia ruofei stood below and looked up at Ling Qingxue, his heart full of worry.

At that moment, Ling Qingxue had already reached the one hundred and thirty – eighth step. Xia ruofei counted every step she took in his heart.

When Ling Qingxue stepped onto the steps, her body trembled violently. Her legs seemed to be trembling, as if her body was bearing a heavy weight.

However, Ling Qingxue still gritted her teeth and steadied herself.

Xia ruofei saw that Ling Qingxue’s legs were trembling slightly as she slowly stood up on the first step. At this moment, her face was already red and the veins on her temples were protruding. One look and one could tell that she was under great pressure.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but shout,”Qingxue! If you really can’t do it, just give up! Don’t persist any longer!”

Naturally, Ling Qingxue could not hear Xia ruofei’s voice. She gritted her teeth and held on.

At this level, she stayed for a full two and a half minutes before she stabilized herself.

Then, she took a deep breath, stared at the one hundred and thirty – ninth step, and firmly stepped forward.

Xia ruofei looked at Ling Qingxue’s limping figure and his heart ached.

At level one hundred and fifty, a trace of blood had already seeped out from the corner of Ling Qingxue’s mouth. She had clearly suffered internal injuries.

The seemingly peaceful Obsidian steps gave her more and more pressure.

At level one hundred and seventy – eighth, Ling Qingxue’s legs could no longer stand straight. She took out a steel pipe from her storage ring and tried to support her body. However, the steel pipe broke the moment it touched the ground.

Ling Qingxue could only rely on her own willpower to constantly fight against the huge downward pressure. It took more than ten minutes before she could stand up straight.

Xia ruofei looked at Ling Qingxue’s gradually shrinking back. While his heart ached, he also felt a little emotional.

All along, Ling Qingxue had the image of a rich lady. When she was with Xia ruofei, she was a little willful. Even when she started on the path of cultivation, she was always under Xia ruofei’s protection. She rarely faced danger on her own and could be said to be a flower in a greenhouse.

But this time, Ling Qingxue’s performance made Xia ruofei look at her in a new light. The pressure she was facing now was obviously beyond her ability, but she still showed great tenacity and unyielding spirit. Her unyielding spirit made Xia ruofei respect her.

However, Ling Qingxue was still not strong enough.

She finally managed to stabilize her body and rest for a while to catch her breath, but when she took another step to climb again, she had only set one foot on the one hundred and seventy – ninth step, and the huge pressure had already made her completely unable to control her body.

Although Ling Qingxue tried her best to climb this step, the power of the external force had far exceeded her limits, so she only held on for a few seconds before she was directly thrown out..