Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3460: Record – breaking (2)

Translator: 549690339

Immortal mountain river waved his hand with a smile. He didn’t take the bottle of nascent formation pills, but said with a smile,””Daoist Qing Xuan, you don’t have to give this to me. Just give it to Xia ruofei when you give him the reward.” Daoist Qing Xuan was slightly stunned and then said,””Brother mountain river, aren’t you going to give it to him personally?”

Immortal mountain river laughed and said,”this little guy’s cultivation is so low now. How can I meet him in such a short time?” By the time I meet him, I’m afraid the nascent formation pill will be useless. So, Daoist brother Qing Xuan, please give it to him directly in the name of a reward!”

“Then he only knows how to praise me!” Daoist priest Qing Xuan said half – jokingly.

“He should be thanking you!” It was obvious that immortal mountain river did not care about this.

“Good! Then add it to the rewards for clearing the stage.” Taoist Qing Xuan looked at Xia ruofei’s figure in the bronze mirror and said,”I wonder what reward this little guy will get… The reward will be quite generous if he can pass the 470th step. However, this kid might be able to break the record! Then the reward will be even better!”

Daoist Qing Xuan did not mention anything about reaching the top, because in his opinion, it was impossible.

When the Obsidian stairway of the trial Pagoda was designed and laid out, Daoist priest Qing Xuan had invited a few cultivators of the early stage of the nascent soul realm to test the array. In the end, none of the three cultivators of the early stage of the nascent soul realm could reach the top.

One must know that they were using the Golden core stage cultivator’s Obsidian Stairway to Heaven, which was the one Xia ruofei was on.

When an early Yuanying stage cultivator tried to challenge the Golden core stage cultivator’s Obsidian stairway, he was actually unable to reach the top. The best result among them was three steps away from the top.

Although these Yuanying stage cultivators were all relatively ordinary cultivators and not peerless geniuses, the Yuanying stage was the Yuanying stage. Compared to the Golden core stage, the gap was huge.

After a series of discussions, everyone’s general feeling was that the difficulty of this Obsidian stairway for Aurous core stage cultivators seemed to be designed to be slightly higher.

Of course, Daoist Qing Xuan did not modify the Obsidian stairway because of this, but only set the entry threshold at two hundred steps. Two hundred steps was not even half of the steps. If an Aurous core stage cultivator could pass the two hundred steps, it was enough to prove his talent.

In the eyes of Daoist priest Qing Xuan and the others, Aurous core stage cultivators naturally had no hope of reaching the top of the heavenly stairs that even early nascent Soul Stage cultivators could not pass. Back then, when Xuan Jizi reached the 478th step, it was already extremely amazing.

Now, Xia ruofei’s performance had refreshed Daoist Qing Xuan’s judgment time and time again. However, he only felt that Xia ruofei might have a slight hope of breaking Xuan Jizi’s record.

As for reaching the top, Qing Xuan Daoist priest had never thought about it.

8th level of the trial Pagoda.

Xia ruofei naturally did not know that the difficulty of the Obsidian stairway was so great for Aurous core stage cultivators. He also did not know that passing the 200th step was considered a pass. He also did not know that even nascent Soul Stage cultivators could not reach the top.

From the moment he stepped onto the first step, he only had one thought in his mind, and that was to reach the top and enter the door of light.

Even at the most difficult moment on the four hundred and fiftieth step, this thought had never changed.

After resting for a while on the four hundred and sixty – fifth step, he felt that all aspects of his body had been adjusted. He did not stay any longer and immediately stepped onto the four hundred and sixty – sixth step.

Xia ruofei did not know that this move of his would determine the outcome of the bet between Qing Xuan Taoist priest and immortal mountain river.

In fact, the pressure on the 466th step did not increase much compared to the previous step. Hence, Xia ruofei thought that it was just an ordinary step on the road to the top.

He didn’t know that this move of his had won him a bottle of precious pills.

The nascent formation pill was extremely precious, even during the flourishing period of the divine land’s cultivation world. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

If it were in the current cultivation world on earth, it would be a legendary pill. Its preciousness could not even be described with words like priceless. It was simply a priceless treasure.

If it was a cultivator like Chen Nanfeng who had been stuck at the late – Stage of the Golden core realm for many years, then the nascent condensation pill would be even more strategic.

It would not be an exaggeration to say that even if Xia ruofei took out a nascent formation pill and wanted to exchange it for the entire first heaven society, Chen Nanfeng would agree without hesitation.

After all, in the world of cultivation, strength was the most important.

Moreover, with the deterioration of the cultivation environment, even a sect like the first heaven sect’s overall strength was just so – so, not worth mentioning in the eyes of the real experts.

Using a sect like this in exchange for a chance to break through to the nascent Soul Stage, and a very big one at that, Chen Nanfeng would definitely agree to it without hesitation unless he was out of his mind.

Of course, Xia ruofei had no idea.

In his eyes, this was just an ordinary step. He didn’t stay too long on the four hundred and sixty – sixth step. After his Yuan Qi had stabilized, he began to climb the next step.

After all, being under this kind of pressure all the time, the consumption was also huge. Even if he had the elemental storage Pearl, his elemental energy was several times more than the average Aurous core stage cultivator, so he would not waste it casually.

Four hundred and sixty – seven, four hundred and sixty – eight, four hundred and sixty nine…

Xia ruofei’s rhythm was very stable. The time he took to stop at each step was extended, but it did not exceed ten minutes.

Unknowingly, he had already reached the four hundred and seventy – seventh step.

In the hidden space enshrouded in purple mist, Daoist Qing Xuan and immortal mountain river could not help but hold their breaths.

As long as he could climb one more level, Xia ruofei would be able to Tie Xuan Jizi’s record.

After reaching the 470th step, Xia ruofei stopped at each step for a longer time. His body looked like it was on the verge of collapse. With every step he climbed, he looked like he was about to be pushed out by the pressure.

After all, Xia ruofei only had a breakthrough in his spiritual power. His vital Qi cultivation was still at the intermediate stage of the Golden core realm. Compared to those cultivators at the advanced stage of the Golden core realm or even the early stage of the nascent soul realm, he was at a great disadvantage in terms of cultivation.

To be honest, both immortal mountain river and Qing Xuan Daoist priest were very surprised that he could reach this stage.

Gradually, Xia ruofei felt as if he had returned to the 450th step. Although the spiritual pressure did not affect him too much, the pressure that was everywhere had reached at least 300 to 400 grams. No matter how exquisite his vital Qi control was, he could not avoid more and more of the pressure directly acting on his body.

The excruciating pain in his bones returned.

Fortunately, the mental pressure did not affect him, and the invisible force that stirred the vital Qi in his body could not really cause his vital Qi to become chaotic. The “great Dao Arts” technique and the spiritual power of the spiritualization realm had greatly improved his control, allowing him to firmly control the vital Qi in his body.

Just the huge squeezing force was not enough to make him stop.

In fact, with Xia ruofei’s personality, as long as he was not pushed out by the pressure, even if he was injured by the huge pressure, or even if his bones were broken, he would climb to the top of the steps as long as he had a breath.

Moreover, the current situation was far from that serious. At most, there were some slight cracks in some fragile bone bones.

Hence, after adjusting himself for more than ten minutes, Xia ruofei took a deep breath and strode towards the 478th step.

In the hidden space that was enshrouded in purple clouds, Daoist Qing Xuan and immortal Shan He clenched their fists at the same time as if they could give Xia ruofei some strength.

Xia ruofei did not let them down. After swaying a few times, he stood firmly on the 478th step, the step that symbolized the best result in history..