Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3464: Rushing to the top (2)

Translator: 549690339

If Xia ruofei were to recover his strongest Yuan Qi defense, the pressure on his body would not be able to hurt him.

Xia ruofei assessed the situation seriously. He still had about one – third of the vital Qi left in the energy storage Pearl. He could predict that the next 19 steps would consume a lot of vital Qi. Hence, he had to save enough vital Qi. He could not train his body on this level indefinitely.

In addition, the strength of his physical body had improved a lot, and he should be able to rush to the five hundredth step. Even if the pressure was too great and he couldn’t stand firm after going up, he felt that he should still have a great chance to persist for a period of time. When he reached the five hundredth step, he could continue to temper his body. Moreover, when the pressure becomes greater, the tempering effect should be better.

After weighing the pros and cons, Xia ruofei felt that it was time to try for the 500th step.

After Xia ruofei made up his mind, he immediately restored his energy shield to its maximum. At the same time, he absorbed a spirit Heart Flower petal and used it. The small and hidden injuries that he had sustained during the process of tempering his body were also recovering at an extremely fast speed.

After the yuan Qi protection was strengthened, Xia ruofei felt much more relaxed.

It was like a person who had a heavy sandbag tied to his leg after running for a while and suddenly removed it.

After the pressure on his body was reduced, not only did Xia ruofei not feel the pain, but he could even move his neck and limbs. It was much easier.

Qing Xuan Taoist priest and Shan He Zhenren saw Xia ruofei’s posture and knew that he was definitely going to try to go up another level. The two of them suddenly revealed a serious expression and stared at the image displayed by the copper mirror.

They were very clear that the 500th step was undoubtedly the most important threshold in the entire Obsidian stairway.

This was the last step before reaching the top. If he could reach the 500th step, the pressure from the remaining 18 steps would decrease. Xia ruofei had a chance of reaching the top.

The key was to see if Xia ruofei could withstand the sudden increase in pressure on the 500th step.

Success or failure depended on this one move.

Xia ruofei took a deep breath. At this time, his physical condition was at its peak. Naturally, he did not need to hesitate and bought it immediately.

A huge pressure descended.

Xia ruofei, who was already mentally prepared, did not care about anything else. He lifted his right foot and stepped on the 500th step. Then, he spread his feet at an angle and stood firmly on this step.

The increase in pressure on the five hundredth step was indeed quite large.

In terms of spiritual pressure, Xia ruofei actually felt the pressure that he had not felt for a long time. Even though his spiritual power had already reached the spiritualization realm, he still could not completely offset the spiritual pressure. The difficulty of the Obsidian stairway was evident.

The invisible force that stirred the vital Qi also grew stronger. Xia ruofei had to use all his might in the “great Dao Sutra” to barely control the agitation of the vital Qi. He slowly brought it into his Qi circulation and finally, it slowly returned to his dantian.

At the same time, he also needed to transfer a large amount of vital Qi to every corner of his body.

Even though his Yuan Qi defense was at its strongest, the force of the pressure still pressed down on his body.

Even though Xia ruofei had tempered his body like crazy on the previous floor and his physical strength had improved greatly, his bone armor still cracked uncontrollably under the pressure. Some of his bone armor even broke apart.

As he was only in the intermediate stage of the Golden elixir realm, Xia ruofei’s biggest problem on the 500th step was that his vital Qi protection was not strong enough. This caused more pressure to directly affect his body.

Xia ruofei took out the petals of the spirit Heart Flower from the spirit map space and absorbed them while trying his best to resist the pressure. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

One minute, two minutes, three minutes …

Xia ruofei endured for more than 20 minutes and used up eight petals of the spirit Heart Flower before his body could adapt to the strong pressure and no longer broke his bones.

Obviously, Xia ruofei’s physical strength had increased by a lot in just 20 minutes.

It seemed that the body tempering method was really effective! Xia ruofei was overjoyed.

He decided to stay on the five hundredth step, boldly and carefully guiding the squeezing force to temper his body.

In any case, he could only ensure that his bones would not be fractured under the pressure of the pressure while his vital Qi protection was at its strongest.

This was obviously not enough. After all, the strength of the pressure would increase with each level.

With Xia ruofei’s current condition, the sound of bones cracking was inevitable when he reached the five hundred and first step.

Rather than going up another level without any confidence, it was better to be more stable and directly temper himself on this step, so that he would have more confidence.

Hence, Xia ruofei began to gently release a trace of vital Qi protection. Instantly, the pressure on his body became much greater. His body, which had already adapted to this strength, could not bear the burden again. As he grimaced in pain, the bones in his body began to creak.

Just like that, Xia ruofei continued to train his body and at the same time, he paid attention to the elemental energy storage Pearl’s condition.

After another ten minutes, Xia ruofei activated his Yuan Qi defense to the maximum and stepped onto the 501st step.

The next step was basically to repeat the previous process. Xia ruofei’s speed was very slow but his steps were very steady. Just like that, he went up step by step and was getting closer and closer to the light screen door at the top of the Obsidian stairway.

Level 502, level 503, level 504…

Xia ruofei only stayed on the 510th step for a little longer. After all, the increase in pressure at every 10th step was greater than that of ordinary steps, but it was not particularly obvious.

After resting for a few minutes on the 510th step, Xia ruofei continued to climb.

Just like that, Xia ruofei endured great pain as he made his way to the five hundred and seventeenth step.

At this moment, Xia ruofei had really run out of energy. There was very little energy left in the Suan NI’s energy storage Pearl. His spiritual power, which had just broken through, was once again close to exhaustion as he continued to resist the pressure.

At this moment, Xia ruofei finally felt how close he was to the door of light. It was so close that he could even touch it if he stretched out his hand.

This was the last step. As long as he stepped on this last step, he would successfully pass the test of this extremely terrifying Obsidian stairway.

However, Xia ruofei did not take the last step immediately because he did not know if the pressure would increase at the last step. If he was not prepared, he would be thrown out and eliminated immediately. That would be a joke.

Hence, even though there wasn’t much vital Qi left, Xia ruofei continued to train his body on the five hundred and seventeen steps.

At the same time, he took out the origin crystal and held it in his hand. He quickly circulated the “great Dao Arts” technique to stabilize his vital Qi while absorbing the pure energy in the origin crystal. This way, he could more or less recover some vital Qi.

In that hidden space enshrouded in purple mist.

Taoist master Qing Xuan and immortal mountain river had already clenched their fists, their eyes full of anticipation.

When they saw Xia ruofei stop at the five hundred and seventeenth step, the two of them could not help but look at each other.

Qing Xuan Daoist priest could not help but whisper,””You should go! Why are you hesitating at this time?”