Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3467: The big clearance gift bag (1)

Translator: 549690339

It wasn’t an overstatement to say that although the missions on the 8th level didn’t look complicated, and were even a little simple and crude, the difficulty was really super high. It was much harder than all the missions on the previous

7 levels combined.

Xia ruofei had many tricks up his sleeve and a solid foundation. He only managed to reach the top after going through many dangerous situations. It was hard to imagine what would happen to other cultivators when they reached this stage.

Xia ruofei finally understood why Ling Qingxue had only managed to go up a hundred steps before she was eliminated.

It wasn’t that Ling Qingxue was too weak, it was just that the difficulty of the levels was too high!

Xia ruofei rested for a while, mainly to fully absorb the medicinal properties of the spirit Heart Flower petals and to let his injuries recover.

Speaking of which, Xia ruofei had gained a lot from this round.

Not counting the possible rewards that he could get after entering the trial Pagoda’s ninth floor, just on this Obsidian stairway, his mental strength had broken through the bottleneck due to the pressure and entered the spiritualization realm. This saved him at least a few years, and at most, it could even save him a dozen years or a few decades.

On the other hand, after reaching the 400th step, Xia ruofei used the force of the pressure to temper his body. Although he had no choice, objectively speaking, it had greatly improved his physical strength.

Although he was not a pure body cultivator, the strength of his physical body was not inferior at all.

It wasn’t an exaggeration to say that if Xia ruofei were to fight against a normal Qi refining cultivator, even if he stood there and let them attack him, they wouldn’t be able to do him any harm.

Xia ruofei was satisfied with the breakthrough of his spiritual power and physical strength.

The more effort, the greater the return. This rule was vividly reflected on the Obsidian stairway.

After Xia ruofei had absorbed the last bit of the spirit Heart Flower petal’s medicinal properties, he used his spiritual power to check on his body’s condition. He realized that his injuries had almost recovered. Only a few of his most serious injuries had not fully recovered. However, they would no longer affect his normal movements and combat. Under such circumstances, it would be a waste to continue using the spirit Heart Flower petals. Hence, Xia ruofei did not bother with them. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Even if he didn’t care about it, it would recover very quickly.

Besides, Xia ruofei had been absorbing crystals during the break, so he had recovered some of his energy.

He nodded to himself and finally turned his eyes to the light curtain Door, feeling a little excited.

Behind that door was the top floor of the trial tower, which was the final destination of this trial.

According to the instructions on the stone tablet, Xia ruofei had actually completed the entire trial mission as there were no other tests on the top floor.

Xia ruofei steadied his mind and walked towards the door of light.

Soon, he arrived in front of the light curtain Door. He paused for a moment, and without much hesitation, he walked in.

A familiar pulling force came over. Xia ruofei felt the stars in front of him shift, but he quickly stabilized himself and felt that his feet were on the ground again.

Although the stone tablet at the bottom of the Obsidian stairway had stated that there was no test on the ninth level of the Tower of Trials, Xia ruofei was not stupid enough to believe it all. After all, it had been proven that the powerful cultivator who designed this mission did not play by the rules.

Therefore, Xia ruofei still filled his body with vital Qi and kept his spiritual power out. He passed through the light screen door in a highly alert state.

Especially when he felt his feet on the ground, his muscles tensed up even more. He released his spiritual force at once and looked left and right, ready to take the test of the 9th level at any time.

However, this time, the senior who designed the Tower of Trials ‘mission did not play any tricks. The entire ninth floor of the Tower of Trials was silent. Nothing strange appeared out of nowhere and attacked Xia ruofei before he could steady himself.

Xia ruofei didn’t dare to let his guard down. He observed his surroundings while keeping his guard up.

He realized that he was in an attic, which was about 40 to 50 square meters in size. There were bookshelves all around him, extending from the ground to the ceiling. All kinds of books were densely packed on them.

In front of one of the bookshelves, there was an antique table and chair. On the table, there were all kinds of brush, ink, paper, and inkstone. There were six or seven writing brushes of different sizes hanging on the brush rack.

This was the trial Pagoda’s ninth level?

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but ask. This place looked more like a study room, but it was surrounded by bookshelves on all four sides. There were no doors or windows, which was a little strange.

Xia ruofei’s eyes were naturally attracted by the four bookshelves. He could not help but walk closer to the bookshelves, wanting to take a book out and see what was recorded in these books that were kept in the ninth level of the trial Pagoda.

However, the moment his finger touched the book, something happened.

The book directly turned into a stream of light and rushed into his forehead with lightning speed, directly entering his sea of consciousness.

Xia ruofei had been on high alert all this while. However, the speed of the light beam was too fast. Even though he had quick reflexes, he could not avoid it. He could only watch as the light beam entered his sea of consciousness..