Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3469: The real big gift bag i

Translator: 549690339

This time, the amount of information that poured into Xia ruofei’s mind was too much. After a while, Xia ruofei realized that although some of the content had entered his mind, he could not read it. He did not know what the content was, as if it was isolated by something.

It was like having a lot of compressed packages stored in a computer. Some of them could be directly unzipped to check the contents, while the others had to be password – protected.

Xia ruofei used his fastest speed to go through the massive amount of inheritance information he had obtained and found that about one – third of the content was encrypted.

He had tried all sorts of methods, but none of them had any effect.

This made Xia ruofei frown. However, on second thought, he realized that this was the inheritance information. Even if it was encrypted, he would just be unable to read it. It should not have any negative impact on him. Since he could not find the reason and solution at the moment, he might as well not think about it.

Other than the most conspicuous four large bookshelves, the only other thing left in the room was the desk.

Now that all the books on the shelves had turned into streams of light and entered Xia ruofei’s sea of consciousness, the shelves were all empty. Hence, Xia ruofei naturally shifted his attention to the study table.

He strode over and looked up. His gaze froze as he walked closer to the desk. There were three ancient – looking storage rings placed side by side on the desk. Under the storage rings was a piece of rice paper with words written on it.

Xia ruofei quickly took out the paper and read it carefully.

There wasn’t much written on the paper. After Xia ruofei finished reading, his brows relaxed.

This was because his doubts had been answered here.

It turned out that the books on the four bookshelves were indeed one of the rewards for reaching the top. This method of directly transforming knowledge into a stream of light and entering a cultivator’s sea of consciousness could only be used by cultivators at the leaving aperture stage and above. Furthermore, it was extremely difficult to create. With such a huge amount of inheritance information, the cost and effort consumed were incalculable.

In fact, it was also because no cultivator had been able to reach the 9th floor of the trial tower for thousands of years, so this was the first time these legacy books were used. If someone could enter the 9th floor every three to five days, it would be impossible for them to have the time to create such a huge number of legacy books.

Hence, only cultivators who entered the ninth floor for the first time could enjoy such treatment. In the future, even if there were latecomers, they would only be able to obtain other conventional rewards.

These ancient books, cultivation methods, and secret skills were all carefully selected. It could be said that they were a collection of the essence of knowledge in the entire cultivation world, and their value was also difficult to estimate.

Of course, Xia ruofei did not know how difficult it was to create these inheritance books. The paper only mentioned that the first cultivator to enter the ninth level of the trial Pagoda would be able to obtain the inheritance book.

This information alone was enough to surprise Xia ruofei. This secret realm had existed for countless years. Could it be that no one had been able to make it to this level in the long years? Xia ruofei felt that it was unbelievable.

Even though he had never undervalued himself and was very confident in himself, he was never arrogant to the point of thinking that he was the most talented Aurous core stage cultivator in history.

But in fact, after a long time, this ninth floor of the trial Pagoda had only welcomed its first guest today.

In addition, the paper also mentioned that the information in the inheritance book was all – encompassing, some of which were suitable for Qi condensation and golden core cultivators, while others were suitable for nascent soul and even primordial spirit cultivators. Before the cultivator’s cultivation reached the corresponding level, the information would be temporarily sealed, and once the cultivator broke through, the seal would naturally be released. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

This perfectly explained why Xia ruofei could not access some of the information in his mind.

If the person who had entered today had been a Qi refining cultivator, then there would have been even more blocked content. Even if a nascent Soul Stage cultivator entered, a small portion of information that was only suitable for primordial soul Stage cultivators would be blocked.

Other than some explanations on the legacy book, the paper also mentioned that the three storage rings on the table were also rewards for cultivators who successfully reached the top.

When Xia ruofei saw this, he couldn’t help but raise his eyebrows. So this was the real big gift bag for clearing the game!

According to the instructions, there were three storage rings. Aurous core stage cultivators could open the first, nascent Soul Stage cultivators could open the second, and nascent Soul Stage cultivators could open the third.

Naturally, Xia ruofei did not hold back. He grabbed the three rings in his hand and used his spiritual power to test them one by one.

Sure enough, although the three storage rings were ownerless, two of them were sealed by a powerful force. Even though Xia ruofei’s spiritual power had reached the spiritualization realm, he still could not detect anything.

Xia ruofei didn’t even need to try to know that the two rings couldn’t recognize their owners for the time being.

As a result, he simply threw the storage ring into the spirit map space. Although the misty spirit map space in the stone chamber in the mountain sea realm was technically a small space, this small space was actually infinitely close to the outside world. Storage magic treasures could also be stored inside, which was something that ordinary storage magic treasures could not compare to..