Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3477: Secret spaceship conversed

Translator: 549690339

After the spaceship was connected to the black Phoenix flying ship, Xia ruofei used his spiritual power to explore the interior of the spaceship. He turned on the power switch and started to check the power supply. He then unfolded the solar panels and so on.

These routine operations were not difficult. As a cultivator, Xia ruofei’s memory was much better than that of ordinary astronauts. Hence, even though he did not practice much, he was still very familiar with the procedures.

In a short while, the spaceship mass entered a normal working state.

Xia ruofei then gestured to the others and used his spiritual power to open the cabin door from the inside. He entered the spaceship assembly.

Because the space inside the spaceship was relatively small, the cabin used for entry and exit was even smaller, so everyone entered in batches.

The first batch was Xia ruofei and Ling Qingxue. After they entered the spaceship, they closed the hatch and repressurized this section. When the pressure in this section was balanced with the other sections, they opened the connected hatch and entered the living quarters.

Then, he closed the hatch, relieved the pressure, and opened the entrance and exit to allow the next batch of cultivators to enter the spaceship.

Xia ruofei and Ling Qingxue went straight to the return cabin of the spaceship. It was the narrowest and also the control center of the entire spaceship. During the flight, everyone took turns to be on duty there.

In fact, there were many inconveniences to live in a spaceship for a long time. After all, the space was small and the men and women lived together.

Therefore, if astronauts worked in space for a long time, they had to go through long – term special training.

The oxygen supply module that they had brought along this time was actually enough for everyone to wear their spacesuits and return to Earth on the black Phoenix flying ship.

However, everyone still chose this relatively troublesome method.

The reason was simple. After all, wearing a heavy EVA suit made it inconvenient for one to move around. Ordinary people had to face problems such as eating and going to the toilet. Even cultivators couldn’t completely avoid them. Wearing an EVA suit was even more inconvenient.

Although there were enough oxygen supply modules, there was a limited number of them. There was no need to wear an EVA suit in the spacecraft assembly. The interior of the spacecraft was an oxygen – filled environment, and the spacecraft had specialized equipment to produce oxygen. This way, a lot of the oxygen supply modules could be saved.

No one could guarantee that there would be no accidents during the long voyage. Therefore, if they encountered any accidents along the way, the extra oxygen supply module could be used to save their lives.

Besides, living in a spaceship was just a little cramped. For cultivators, having a place to meditate was enough. In other aspects, it was much more convenient than wearing an EVA suit.

Hence, everyone, including Xia ruofei, chose to take the spaceship. The black Phoenix flying ship was only used as a guide during the journey. The Flying Ship was very close to the combined body of the Flying Ship. Xia ruofei could easily control the Flying Ship with his spiritual power.

A moment later, Chen Xuan and the others had also entered the Flying Ship.

Xia ruofei was in the return cabin. He saw that the cabin doors were all closed. There were no problems with the seal. The air pressure in each cabin had also returned to a balance.

Thus, he confirmed with everyone on the comms channel and used his spiritual force to communicate with the black Phoenix flying ship, continuing to fly towards earth.

The flying boat started slowly, and the cables that were floating in space were pulled taut.

Everyone felt the Flying Ship tremble slightly before it began to accelerate. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

The black Phoenix flying ship also consumed the energy of origin crystals to fly through space. It could not be accelerated by gravity, so the time they spent on the journey was even longer than the return time of the mortal world’s moon landing.

However, everyone had already experienced it before they came, so after entering the spaceship, they found a place to stabilize their bodies and began to close their eyes to cultivate. When they cultivated on earth, they would just maintain a cross – legged posture. However, in the zero – Gravity environment in space, once the cultivators entered a state of selflessness, their bodies might float everywhere, so they had to be fixed in place first.

Of course, not everyone started cultivating the moment they entered.

For example, Chen Xuan and Xu yurou of the first heaven school and mu Jianfei of the surging waves school were not in the mood to cultivate.

Yang Liu brought Yu xiner to a corner and quickly entered a state of cultivation. Their gains in the trial Pagoda weren’t small either. They all received cultivation techniques and some cultivation resources.

It could be said that the rewards and opportunities obtained in the trial Pagoda were enough to make the big sects fight for them. Therefore, the gains were relative.

Without Xia ruofei as a reference, it could be said that everyone had gained a lot.

Chen Xuan sat alone in the corner, lost in thought. Xu yurou stood timidly by his side, not daring to speak to him.

Mu Jianfei was in a similar state. He had obtained a very good cultivation technique in the trial Pagoda, as well as hundreds of precious origin crystals. He even thought that he had gained the most in the trial Pagoda, so he was full of pride.

Because he had these origin crystals and this cultivation method, his Jindan path would be very smooth. In the foreseeable future, he should be able to smoothly break through to the Jindan stage.

However, elder mu Hua never came back. He had died in the trial Pagoda, which made mu Jianfei feel like he had been hit in the head. He was still in a daze..