Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3481: How many are happy and how many are sad (1)

Translator: 549690339

In the endless darkness of the universe, the distance between the Earth and the Moon was actually very close. It was about 300000 kilometers. Light only needed a second to reach the moon from the earth.

However, it was a long journey for the black Phoenix flying ship and its spaceship mass that was travelling between the Earth and the Moon.

The black Phoenix flying ship dragged the spaceship mass through space for about a month before slowly approaching earth.

The Blue Planet grew larger and larger in everyone’s vision, and eventually took up the entire field of vision. However, they could still roughly see the outline of the earth from the huge arc in the distance.

On the way, everyone took turns to be on duty and cultivate, and the arrangements were orderly.

As for masker’s Dragon Ship and combined cabin, they were also very impressive and did not have any problems.

Therefore, although the journey was lonely and boring, it was relatively smooth.

At this point, the black Phoenix flying ship and the spacecraft were already approaching low – Earth orbit. According to the plan, everyone should be transferred to the black Phoenix flying ship.

Xia ruofei controlled the black Phoenix flying ship and made an arc across the sky. At the same time, he slowed down the speed of the black Phoenix flying ship. The Flying Ship was not connected to the spacecraft. If he slowed it down, the spacecraft would definitely crash into it.

Finally, everyone put on their spacesuits and left the cabin in an orderly manner.

Xia ruofei was still the first to return to the black Phoenix flying ship.

Chen Xuan was the last to exit the cabin. After closing the cabin door, he untied the cables and returned to the black Phoenix flying ship.

Xia ruofei had an idea and kept the spacecraft in the spirit map space. Although the spacecraft was no longer useful, he could not let it float in low – Earth orbit for a long time. There were spacecraft and satellites from various countries everywhere in the sky. If it was photographed, it would definitely cause a huge uproar. Furthermore, if the spacecraft was not adjusted for a long time, it would eventually fall into the atmosphere. If it really landed somewhere on Earth, it would be a bunch of trouble.

Since masker had risked his life to provide Xia ruofei with spacesuits and spacesuits, Xia ruofei could not cause any trouble for him.

After everyone returned to the black Phoenix flying ship, Xia ruofei started the Flying Ship and continued to head towards earth.

Soon, the Flying Ship entered the atmosphere and flew across the sky.

When the altitude dropped to about 3000 meters, everyone took off their spacesuits. At this altitude, the oxygen content was more than enough. Even ordinary people could survive, let alone the cultivators.

Everyone took a deep breath at the same time. They had been breathing in the air on Earth for decades, but this was the first time they felt that the air was so familiar.

Everyone left the cabin and stood on the deck of the black Phoenix flying ship, looking down. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

At this moment, the flying boat was flying across the sea at high speed, and below it was the Pacific Ocean.

When Xia ruofei was controlling the black Phoenix flying boat, he had deliberately avoided the traditional flight route. Even if an aircraft deviated and passed through this area, the cruising altitude of the cross – Ocean flight was more than 10000 meters. An altitude of about 3000 meters could be said to be very safe. At this altitude and area, the probability of colliding with other aircraft was much lower than winning the lottery.

Moreover, Xia ruofei had been releasing his spiritual power to explore the area. If something like that happened, Xia ruofei could avoid it with his current spiritual power and reaction speed.

Xia ruofei continued to control the black Phoenix flying ship as he said,””Fellow Daoists, we’ll be able to return to Huaxia after crossing this Sea area. You’ve had a hard journey!”

“Brother RUO Fei, you’re the one who’s been working the hardest!” Chen Xuan replied,”without you controlling the black Phoenix flying ship, we would never have been able to reach that secret realm!”

“That’s right! “Yang Liu said with a smile. Fellow Daoist Xia has also made great contributions in cracking the rising Dragon Order. Speaking of which, we’re all benefited from this!”

Xia ruofei smiled and said,”without the token provided by everyone, there’s no way to crack it. There’s no need to be so polite.” We can be considered to have gone through life and death together, this is not something that an ordinary friendship can compare to!”

As they talked, they enjoyed the scenery below the airboat.

In fact, it was night time, and the sea below was the same, so there was nothing to see. However, they had been away from home for more than two months and spent most of their time traveling in the dark space, so even if it was just the monotonous sea, everyone was still enjoying it.

The black Phoenix flying ship was extremely fast and crossed the Pacific Ocean in no time. Xia ruofei controlled the black Phoenix flying ship to lower its altitude again and turned South at the same time.

The black Phoenix flying ship soon arrived above Nanhai province.

Xia ruofei scanned the area with his mind power and roughly determined the direction. Then, he steered the black Phoenix flying ship towards the holiday residence where they had first set off.

Southshore province, qiongya city suburbs, yexun resort.

At this moment, it was already close to midnight, and the surroundings were silent.

More than two months ago, the coconut rhyme resort had closed for renovation. There were no tourists in the huge resort, so it looked even more deserted.

This Holiday Manor was one of the first heaven society’s businesses in the secular world. In order to receive Chen Nanfeng, Mu Sheng, Liu Mansha, and the others, the entire Holiday Manor had been cleared out and was no longer open to guests.

Xia ruofei’s exploration team took the black Phoenix flying ship and headed straight to the moon. Chen Nanfeng and the rest did not leave and stayed there..