Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

3484 Calmly dealing with_2

'Fellow Daoist Xia's information has been of great help to us. Many thanks ...' Chen Nanfeng nodded.

'Sect leader Chen is too polite!" Xia ruofei said with a smile.

In fact, he had been secretly observing Chen Nanfeng all this time because of the curse that Shen tianfang had placed on him before he died. Even though Chen Xuan did not show any signs of abnormality, Chen Nanfeng was a late - Stage golden elixir realm cultivator after all. His cultivation was unfathomable. Xia ruofei could not guarantee that Chen Nanfeng would not be able to see through it.

Actually, if it was possible, Xia ruofei did not even want to meet Chen Nanfeng. After sending everyone to this holiday villa, he would leave on the black Phoenix flying boat.

However, this did not make sense. If he really wanted to leave, Chen Nanfeng and the others would not force him to stay. However, once they heard the news of Shen tianfang and muhua's death, they would inevitably be suspicious.

Therefore, Xia ruofei had no choice but to be on high alert. He was even prepared to fall out with Chen Nanfeng at any time.

Fortunately, Chen Nanfeng had not found any clues so far.

With Xia ruofei's current level of spiritual power, he would be able to detect Chen Nanfeng's emotional fluctuations immediately.

Chen Nanfeng looked at Xia ruofei and Ling Qingxue thoughtfully and said.""Fellow Daoist Xia and lady Qingxue both reached the eighth level of the trial Pagoda at the same time. This is a great story!"

Xia ruofei's expression remained the same. He smiled and said,""I'm quite surprised that Qingxue was able to make it to the eighth floor. However. the difficulty of the Tower of Trials missions is set according to the cultivator's cultivation level. Although Qingxue's cultivation level is low, the difficulty of the mission is relatively low. So, she was able to make it to the eighth level probably because her talent in certain aspects is just right for the Tower of Trials missions!"

Chen Nanfeng nodded. What Xia ruofei said was not far - fetched. He had carefully analyzed the mission design of each level. It was indeed as Xia ruofei had said. The absolute cultivation level was not an important factor in the success rate of the mission. Even if one's cultivation level was average, it was still possible to pass the level. On the other hand, even if one's cultivation was higher, if one was not suitable for a certain task, they would also fail.

For example, the stage of the illusionary realm was very obvious. If the cultivator's Dao heart was unstable and there were many karmas entangled, he would be at a great disadvantage in this stage. People with high cultivation usually had more time to cultivate and more experience, so there were more factors that affected their Dao heart. The probability of being accidentally tricked in the illusory formation was also higher.

Chen Nanfeng's face sank after hearing this. He didn't speak immediately.

"Jianfei, did you also separate from your third uncle as soon as you entered the secret realm?' Mu Sheng asked after thinking for a while.

Mu Jianfei nodded and said,"yes!" Third uncle and I went in together, but I was the only one after entering the secret realm. I walked in the secret realm for a while and saw the trial tower. Then I entered the tower and began to complete the mission. The specific process was similar to sect leader Chen. After we came out, we also looked at each other's situation. Everyone's experience was similar. The only difference was that some people passed a few more floors, and some passed a few fewer. So ... I'm guessing that third uncle and elder Shen should have entered the trial Pagoda like us..

Chen Nanfeng raised his eyebrows and askedrThen who made it the furthest?"

Chen Xuan had only made it to the fifth level, and what he had just described was his own situation. Just the situation of the first five levels was enough to make Chen Nanfeng secretly shocked. This was definitely a huge sum! Since everyone was there, Chen Xuan didn't tell them about his gains from the Tower of Trials. However, Chen Nanfeng knew that a mission of this level would definitely be worth a lot.

Therefore, Chen Nanfeng also wanted to know how the others were doing. On the one hand, he wanted to make a comparison, and on the other hand, he wanted to see if he could get more clues.

After listening to Chen Xuan's description, Chen Nanfeng knew that Shen tianfang was probably dead. However, it was impossible for the first heaven society to not investigate the death of an intermediate golden core cultivator. Since he was going to investigate, he naturally needed to grasp as much information as possible.

Chen Xuan and the others subconsciously looked at Ling Qingxue.

Everyone knew that Ling Qingxue had made it to the eighth level and was only one level away from reaching the top. Although Xia ruofei was the last to come out, he did not tell everyone which floor he had reached. Therefore, when they heard Chen Nanfengs question, everyone's first reaction was to look at Ling Qingxue.

Chen Nanfeng couldn't help but feel surprised. Ling Qingxue's cultivation was the lowest in the entire exploration team. If she wasn't Xia ruofei's cultivation partner, she would be the most unremarkable person. He didn't expect her to be the one who walked the furthest in the end.

Seeing this, Xia ruofei didn't wait for Chen Nanfeng to speak and said directly,"" Sect leader Chen, I made it to the eighth level of the trial Pagoda and was the last one to leave. If Fm not wrong, I should be the one who made it the furthest

Xia ruofei looked at Chen Xuan and the rest and asked," I wonder if fellow Daoists..."

"So brother RUO Fei also made it to the eighth level!" Chen Xuan hurriedly said; the virtuous couple is truly outstanding! Initially, we thought that it was already a rare good result for miss Qingxue to make it to the eighth level!"

Chen Nanfeng looked at Xia ruofei with a warm smile and said; Fellow Daoist Xia, could I trouble you to tell me about the situation of the other levels?"

Naturally, Chen Nanfeng would not use an arrogant tone when facing Xia ruofei.

Whether it was Xia ruofei's talent or the master behind him, who seemed to be a hidden master, they were enough to make Chen Nanfeng pay the most attention. It was best to be friends with such a person. Even if they could not be friends, there was no need to make them enemies.

It was all thanks to Xia ruofei that they were able to get to the moon. Otherwise, even if they could decipher the secret of the token, they would not have been able to reach the moon. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Hence, even though Xia ruofei's cultivation was not very high, Chen Nanfeng still treated him as an equal.

Of course, in reality, Xia ruofei's cultivation might be slightly lower than Chen Nanfeng 's, but his actual strength was no weaker than Chen Nanfeng s. However, Xia ruofei's spiritual power had already broken through to the spiritualization realm, which was much higher than Chen Nanfeng 's. Hence, he deliberately concealed his cultivation. Even Chen Nanfeng could not see through it and did not know that he had already broken through to the intermediate stage of the Golden elixir realm.

Xia ruofei replied indifferently,"of course, no problem!' If it can help us in investigating the truth behind elder Chen and elder MU's deaths, I will naturally take responsibility for it!'

With that, Xia ruofei explained the situation from the sixth to the eighth levels of the Tower of Trials to everyone.

Xia ruofei did not hold back anything about the mission settings of the Tower of Trials. He had already discussed it in detail with Ling Qingxue on the way back and knew about everyone's situation. He was well aware that the settings of each level were the same. The only difference was that everyone would be scattered in different small spaces. The difficulty of the mission would also change according to the level of cultivation. That was all.

Of course, Xia ruofei would not mention the rewards for each level.

This was human nature. When they were exchanging information outside the trial Pagoda, they didn't talk about the rewards and opportunities.

Xia ruofei explained the mission in detail, especially the dangerous areas. In the end, he said; That's the general situation, the difficulty of the Obsidian stairs on the 8th level of the Tower of Trials is extremely high, I persisted for more than 190 steps, which was about a third of the way, and was eliminated. According to my own experience, I feel that even if a Yuanying stage cultivator tried to pass that heavenly stairs, it would be very difficult for him to persist to the last step. And if a Yuanying stage cultivator could enter the trial Pagoda, the difficulty of the heavenly stairs would definitely be higher. So ... It's quite difficult to reach the top of the 9th floor..."

"Fellow Daoist Xia's information has been of great help to us. Many thanks ..." Chen Nanfeng nodded.

"Sect leader Chen is too polite!" Xia roufei said with a smail.