Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3499: A successful breakthrough i

Translator: 549690339

Since there was no beauty to accompany him, Xia ruofei decided not to sieep.

In reality, at Xia ruofei’s current level of cultivation, sleep was no longer necessary for the body. The effect of cultivating for one night was much better than sleeping for one night. It was just that he had only been on the path of cultivation for a very short time, so whether it was eating or sleeping, he basically still maintained the routine of ordinary people in the secular world.

With the help of the Luotian formation, the spiritual Qi in the building was very rich. It was especially beneficial for one to enter a state of cultivation. Hence, Xia ruofei, who was alone in the room, simply took out the purple Yuan crystal and sat cross – legged on the bed to cultivate.

Under the effect of the allheaven formation, he quickly entered a state of deep cultivation. The “great Dao formula” was almost unconsciously circulating steadily, one cycle after another, repeating.

The vigorous energy in the purple Yuan crystal was quickly transformed into Yuan Qi, and the rich natural energy in the environment also quickly gathered over. The yuan Qi that was generated continued to add to the Supreme – grade golden core in his body.

Even though this increase wasn’t obvious, compared to the cultivation of ordinary cultivators, this speed was already far beyond that of ordinary cultivators.

If Shen tianfang had such a cultivation speed back then, he would have laughed in his dreams. He probably would not have had any ideas about Xia ruofei. Qianqian only needed to focus on cultivation. The advanced stage of the Golden elixir realm was just around the corner. Why would he take the risk?

It had to be said that the highest heaven formation’s auxiliary effect on cultivation was really all – Round. Without realizing it, Xia ruofei had already immersed himself in this wonderful cultivation state.

It was not until the sun rose from the horizon and the first ray of sunlight shone through the window that Xia ruofei slowly opened his eyes.

After a night of cultivation, his cultivation base had improved to a certain extent, and he felt refreshed.

The purple origin crystal in his hand still contained a strong energy. After an entire night of absorption, he had consumed less than ten percent of the purple origin Crystal’s energy. Hence, the mountain of purple origin crystals that Xia ruofei had transferred into the spirit map space was enough for him to cultivate to the nascent Soul Stage and still have a lot of surplus.

Xia ruofei used his spiritual power to scan the room and found that Song Wei and Ling Qingxue were still immersed in their cultivation. Their cultivation had also improved by leaps and bounds.

In comparison, they were only at refined Qi Level 6. Cultivating in such a good environment, their progress would definitely be greater than Xia ruofei’s.

Xia ruofei didn’t disturb them. He got up to stretch and then started to prepare breakfast.

When the kitchen was filled with the smell of millet congee, Song Wei and Ling Qingxue woke up from their cultivation state one after another. Hence, Xia ruofei smiled and called them over for breakfast.

In the next few days, everyone basically buried themselves in cultivation, and their days were very fulfilling.

In the blink of an eye, a week had passed.

Xia ruofei paid attention to their cultivation progress every day, mainly because they were the closest to a breakthrough. The others, including Xia ruofei, still needed a lot of time to make a breakthrough. For example, although Li Yifu was already at the peak of lianqi level 9 and seemed to be only a step away from the Golden core stage, how could it be easy to break through to the next realm? Even if they had enough cultivation resources, they would still need a certain amount of time and effort. On the other hand, Luo Qingfeng’s cultivation level was still a distance away from the mid – Stage golden core. Even with the help of the purple Yuan crystal and the highest heaven formation, it was impossible for him to break through in a few days.

On the other hand, Song Wei and Ling Qingxue’s cultivation levels were not high to begin with, so it was relatively easy for them to break through. Moreover, the two of them were already on the verge of a breakthrough, so they could break through the bottleneck at any time.

Even so, it took the two of them almost a week’s time, which basically consumed the energy of an entire piece of origin crystal, to reach the peak of refined Qi Level 6.

Xia ruofei could accurately sense the change in their cultivation. He knew that they were really close this time.

If he were to cultivate normally, it would not be easy to break through this layer of window paper. If one was lucky, had a high level of comprehension, and had the right time, place, and people, they might be able to break through within an hour or two, but they might also be stuck at this bottleneck for ten days to half a month.

Hence, Xia ruofei decided to add more fuel to the fire. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

His method was very simple, which was to cultivate with the two Spirit bodies separately and use the “absolute beginning Heart Sutra” to break through this bottleneck.

In terms of cultivation efficiency alone, the “absolute beginning Scripture” might not be much better. However, this was relative. Xia ruofei was now a cultivator in the intermediate stage of the Golden core realm, and his spiritual power had reached the spiritualisation realm. This way, when he cultivated with the two spirits, the benefits that the two of them would obtain would definitely be much greater.

In addition to the many auxiliary effects of the Luotian formation, especially the refreshing and focused effect, it was especially beneficial for the spirit body joint cultivation, which required the perfect cooperation of two people.

Therefore, with so many conditions stacked, using the “absolute beginning Heart Sutra” to complete the final blow before the breakthrough was obviously the most confident.

When it came to cultivation, Song Wei and Ling Qingxue trusted and supported Xia ruofei unconditionally. Hence, when Xia ruofei told them his thoughts, they agreed quickly even though they were a little shy.

As for who would go first, the two of them had to decline modestly. In the end, Ling Qingxue couldn’t change song Wei’s mind, so she and Xia ruofei started the spirit body joint cultivation first..