Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Chapter 355: The opening of the Expo – Part 2

The exhibition was held in the stadium of the University of Agriculture and Forestry. The new campuses of these universities occupied a large area, and the construction standards were very high. The stadium of the University of Agriculture and Forestry had a Basketball Hall, volleyball Hall, Badminton Hall, and so on. For the flower exhibition, some of the temporary stands had been removed, and the exhibition area was more than 6000 square meters. The exhibition area of Sanshan University was in the largest basketball court. Yesterday, Xia Cheng had already brought the students from the gardening club over to set up the display booth. In fact, according to the rules, all the flowers and plants for the exhibition should have arrived yesterday. However, Xia ruofei wanted Mo Lan to absorb as much spiritual energy as possible, so he had delayed it until today. This was originally an exchange between the school’s clubs, and the pot of mo orchid had been reported in advance, so it was not a big problem to bring it over on the opening day. Very quickly, Xia ruofei, Lu You, and the others arrived at the three mountains University’s booth. Since the Agriculture and Forestry University was the host of this exhibition, their booth was naturally in the best position, which was the most eye – catching position in the center of the basketball court. The booths of Heron Island University, Sanshan University, Southeast Normal University, and other top – ranked universities in the province were also concentrated in the main exhibition hall, but their positions were slightly further away from the booths of Agriculture and Forestry University, forming a circle of stars surrounding the moon. This was something that couldn’t be helped. The game still paid attention to the home – court advantage! Xia Cheng looked at the exquisitely decorated display booth of the University of Agriculture and Forestry not far away, and she couldn’t help but look worried. The flowers at the exhibition stand of the University of Agriculture and Forestry were all in place. Several news reporters were surrounding them for interviews, and some photographers were taking photos of the flowers on the stand. Xia Cheng recognized that the person being interviewed was none other than Meng Zhou, the president of the gardening club of the Agriculture and Forestry University. Two years ago, when the last flower exhibition was held at the southeast Normal University, Xia Cheng was still the Vice President of the gardening club. The pot of water fairy he sent to the exhibition was defeated by a pot of Lotus from Meng Zhou, and in the end, he only won the bronze prize. That year’s gold medal was won by the host, Dongnan Normal University. Compared to two years ago, the president of the Garden Club of Agriculture and Forestry University, Meng Zhou, was more mature. Facing the reporters ‘cameras, he didn’t have stage fright at all, and he spoke with a confident smile on his face. “We’re here at this exhibition with the intention of learning. The flowers and plants exhibited by our brother school are all very good. There are many things we can learn from them.” Meng Zhou said to the reporter. “Then, what are your expectations for the potted flowers in the garden Club of Agriculture and Forestry University?” The young female reporter asked. “Of course, we hope to win the gold Prize. Even though the purpose of raising the flowers is for Tao Ye’s sentiment, getting a good ranking is also a kind of affirmation to us!” Meng Zhou said,”in order to participate in this exhibition, we have done a lot of preparation work in advance. I believe that heaven rewards the diligent. We will definitely get a good result!” When Xia Cheng heard this, she didn’t have the mood to continue listening. Xia Cheng and Meng Zhou were quite familiar with each other. He knew that Meng Zhou was actually a very low – Key person. The fact that Meng Zhou could say such things to the news reporters showed that they were really confident this time. Xia ruofei had already placed the pot of orchid on the stage. The background of the three mountains University’s booth was a very distinctive LOGO with the word “fortune”, which was also the symbol of the three mountains University. The entire exhibition stand exuded an atmosphere despite its simplicity. Seven or eight pots of flowers were placed on it in a picturesque disorder. Under the illumination of a few spotlights, they looked somewhat graceful and charming. The most eye – catching spot in the middle of the booth was naturally reserved for the pot of Black Orchid. It was unknown if Xia ruofei had done it on purpose, but the pot of orchid was still half – covered in the black bag with the lute, not revealing its true appearance. Xia Cheng’s eyes couldn’t help but land on the display stand of the University of Agriculture and Forestry not far away. At the same time, the pot of flowers at the most eye – catching position was also blocked. Without a doubt, it should be the Yang family’s pure lotus. On this point, Xia ruofei and the other party were somewhat in agreement. The purpose was nothing more than to maintain a sense of mystery. In addition, the exhibition had not officially started yet, so the exhibition area was full of students from various high school art clubs who had come in advance to make arrangements. They probably did this to prevent others from prying into their information. After all, they could still change the flowers before the exhibition started. Xia ruofei moved a chair and sat beside the exhibition stage with a relaxed expression. The students of the gardening club had gone to visit the exhibition area in advance. Lu You and Jiang Yue wanted to see Mo Lan’s true appearance, but Xia ruofei did not want to reveal the secret so early. Thus, the two of them simply went to visit the exhibition area with their classmates resentfully. The opening ceremony of the flower exhibition was about to begin. Xia Cheng and the others were gathered at the entrance hall of the stadium to participate in the opening ceremony. Xia ruofei was not a student of Sanshan University, so he volunteered to stay and watch the exhibition. The opening ceremony was nothing more than speeches from various leaders, and the news reporters would take photos. Then, they would go to the signing office to collect the draft and transportation fees. They would go back and slightly modify it before publishing it in their respective media. Xia ruofei had no interest in such an occasion. The students were all required to participate in the opening ceremony, and the exhibition area suddenly became much quieter. However, each booth was guarded. Xia ruofei looked at the one opposite and found that it was Chen Song.