Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

3544 Bearing a Bramble and asking for forgiveness (1)

After sending song Rui to Tiantong garden, Xia ruofei took a car back to Taoyuan clubhouse.

As it was already very late and the clubhouse was rather remote, there was no way to get a taxi back. Hence, Xia ruofei arranged a room for the driver and told him to stay in the clubhouse and return the next morning.

Of course, Xia ruofei had personally called manager Lu to explain the situation. The staff member was naturally very grateful.

Xia ruofei returned to his private villa. Song Wei was still cultivating in the villa after dinner.

For cultivators, the Paradise Club's environment was naturally much better than the liuhai Lane courtyard house. Hence, the two of them stayed there for the night. Before they went to bed, they practiced the "Taichu Heart Sutra" together again. Cultivating together with Song Wei, who was in the Qi cultivation stage, Xia ruofei basically did not benefit much. However, Song Wei's improvement was greater.

The next day, the two of them made breakfast in the small villa before Xia ruofei drove back to the courtyard house in liuhai Lane.

Things in the capital were almost done, and Xia ruofei planned to return to the three mountains.

In fact, he had only come to pick up Song Wei and thought that he would return that night. He did not expect to stay for another two days.

As for song Rui and Zhuo Yiyi's visit to the song family, Xia ruofei was not interested in accompanying them. He had already helped them to this extent and could be said to have sent Buddha to the West. The rest could only be left to song Rui and Zhuo Yiyi. Of course, Xia ruofei believed that Zhuo Yiyi would definitely receive elder song's approval. Xia ruofei was naturally happy for them that their relationship could come to fruition and that they had received the blessings of the elders.

It was the weekend, so the traffic was better than usual.

Xia ruofei returned to liuhai lane at around nineo' clock.

Since the garage was at the back door, Xia ruofei drove in from the back alley. However, before he reached his courtyard house, he frowned slightly because he felt a trace of spiritual Qi from a cultivator at the front door.

Xia ruofei released his spiritual power to check the front door.

He found a middle-aged man standing motionlessly at the gate. The trace of spiritual energy fluctuation was emitted by this middle - aged man.

It was still relatively cold in the capital during this season, but the middle-aged man was dressed very thinly. He only wore a casual shirt with a pair of pants. If an ordinary person were to stand outside in this kind of clothes, he would be frozen into a popsicle very quickly.

Of course, he was a cultivator, so the cold was nothing.

However, the middle-aged man had obviously been standing at the door for a long time because a layer of ice had appeared on his hair and his clothes were covered in dew.

Xia ruofei's heart skipped a beat. He already had a guess.

He didn't say anything, but drove the car directly into the courtyard house.

Wu Qiang was in the backyard. When he saw the Elfa commercial vehicle return, he quickly came up to greet it.
﻿
"Boss!" Wu Qiang opened the door for Xia ruofei and greeted him respectfully.

On the front passenger seat, Song Wei also opened the door and got out of the car. Wu Qiang quickly bowed slightly and called out,"Hello, miss song!"

He was no longer a stranger to Song Wei and Ling Qingxue. He knew that the two of them were close to his boss. Of course, Wu Qiang was still very good at maintaining his position. He never made any conjectures about the complicated relationship between the three of them. He only buried himself in his work.

Song Wei did not put on any airs and greeted Wu Qiang with a smile.

"Have you all eaten?" Xia ruofei asked, smiling.

"I've already had breakfast. Boss, miss song, have you eaten? Do you want me to ask sister - in - Law to prepare breakfast for you?" Wu Qiang asked.

"We ate at the club," Xia ruofei said.

"Boss, I have a situation to report to you!" Wu Qiang quickly said. The middle-aged man I told you about yesterday, Shen Hu, didn't leave. He just stood there at the door ..."

"I know." Xia ruofei said indifferently,"did he say why he was looking for me?"

This middle-aged man was standing by the side of the alley with a surveillance camera above his head. If Wu Qiang and the rest did not notice him, they would be incompetent and their years in the military would have been in vain. Hence, Xia ruofei knew that Wu Qiang would definitely report this situation immediately because Shen Hu's behavior was too abnormal to ordinary people.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"No, I didn't!" Wu Qiang said helplessly, "I went out to ask a few times, but he didn't say anything. He just said that he was waiting for you to come back. We also advised him to go back first and come back today, but he was not moved at all and couldn't be driven away ... The alley is a public place, and we can't drive him away by force, so I could only arrange for old Li and old Hu to take turns to keep an eye on the surveillance. On one hand, we're afraid that this person has ill intentions. On the other hand, we're worried that he's freezing so that we can help him in time ..."

Shen Hu insisted on standing at the door and Wu Qiang and the rest could not do anything about it. Furthermore, Xia ruofei did not say that he could bring him in, so they naturally did not dare to make the decision on their own. One should know that the owner of the courtyard house was Xia ruofei and they were all the staff here. If the owner did not say anything, how could the staff overstep their boundaries?

However, on such a cold day, Shen Hu was dressed in thin clothes and was just standing outside the door. Wu Qiang was also afraid that someone would freeze to death. On one hand, it was too inauspicious. On the other hand, they could not bear to see someone freeze to death. Hence, they arranged for someone to be on duty all night and watch the surveillance screens.