Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3546 Fear and trepidation (1)

This room was a special reception room. It was luxuriously decorated and had sufficient heating. However, as soon as Xia ruofei entered the room, he saw that Shen Hu had not even sat down. He was standing in the guest room with a bowl of hot ginger soup on the coffee table. It looked like he had not even taken a sip.

As soon as Xia ruofei entered the house, Shen Hu quickly raised his head. When he saw Xia ruofei's young face, he hesitated for a moment, but he still asked respectfully," "Is it senior Xia in person?"

Although Xia ruofei's name was very famous in the world of cultivation, he did not have much contact with cultivators. Most of them were high - Level cultivators like Chen Nanfeng and Mu Sheng. Shen Hu, the head of a small sect, had never seen Xia ruofei's face before. So when he saw such a young man walk in and could not feel any energy, he was not sure for a moment.

Xia ruofei revealed a half - Smile and casually threw out a few talismans. He set up a sound - proof barrier in the living room. Although the staff of the courtyard house would not eavesdrop, it still involved the world of cultivation. Hence, Xia ruofei still took some precautions to prevent others from inadvertently hearing.

After setting up the soundproof barrier, Xia ruofei said resentfully," "Sect Master Shen, you don't even know what I look like and you dare to covet my cultivation ground?"

At this moment, how could Shen Hu dare to have any more doubts? Although Xia ruofei did not emit any pressure, the ability to set up a sound - proof formation in an instant was something that Shen Hu could not do.

"Senior Xia!" Shen Hu hurriedly said,"it's all this Junior's fault for failing to recognize Mount Tai! Please forgive me, senior Xia!"

Xia ruofei did not comment. He pointed at the ginger soup and said, "Is the ginger soup made by our chef very bad?"ğ“ğ”¬ğ¯ğ”¢ğ¥ğ’ğ‘’xt.ğ’ğ‘œğ”ª

"I don't dare!" Shen Hu replied in fear. He didn't dare! This junior is extremely grateful for senior's concern, but this junior can still bear the cold. In addition, this Junior's heart is filled with fear, so this junior really doesn't dare to accept senior's good intentions ..."

"Drink it, then sit down and we'll talk." Xia ruofei said indifferently and then asked, "are you afraid that I'll poison you?"

"No, no, no!" Shen Hu jumped in shock and hurriedly said, "if senior wants to kill me, it's just a matter of moving your fingers. There's no need to go through so much trouble ... Senior Xia, then I'll ... I'll have to suffer!"

Shen Hu didn't dare to hesitate any longer. He immediately picked up the bowl of ginger soup and gulped it down.

"Thank you for your generosity, senior!" He said while wiping his mouth.

Xia ruofei had already sat down on the sofa. He pointed at the sofa opposite him and said, ""Sit down!"

"Thank you, senior Xia!" Shen Hu didn't dare to decline and sat down on the sofa opposite Xia ruofei.

Of course, he didn't dare to sit too firmly. He just sat a little closer to her, and he still looked very reserved.

"Tell me! What's going on?" Xia ruofei asked.

Shen Hu didn't dare to dally and quickly said, "Senior Xia, this is a pure misunderstanding! Seven days ago, a disciple of our water Yuan sect passed by the capital and happened to find your cultivation place, the Paradise Club, which is full of spiritual Qi. Now that the cultivation environment has deteriorated, there are very few places where you can cultivate 24 hours a day. So, this disciple was like a treasure and simply surveyed the place. After understanding some of the Paradise Club's situation, he quickly returned to the sect to report. I really didn't know that the Paradise Club was senior Xia's cultivation place. Otherwise... Even if it wasn't senior Xia's cultivation place, I wouldn't have sent people to seize it even if it was opened by another fellow Daoist! "Furthermore, I sent Deacon Liu over and even got Lu You to help her. I wanted to use the business methods of the secular world to buy the club. This way, the treasured land for cultivation will naturally become the property of our water element sect. That's what I was thinking, but I didn't expect Deacon Liu to be so bold as to use the methods of cultivators to force the shareholders of the Paradise Club to leave the club ..."

On the way here, Shen Hu had already rehearsed this in his mind many times, so he was able to say this long paragraph smoothly, almost without a stutter. In addition, after he arrived in the capital, the first thing he did was to find Deacon Liu to understand the situation. When he heard Deacon Liu say that she wanted to use cultivator's means to force ordinary people, and was caught red- handed by a Jindan stage senior, he was almost scared out of his wits.

Hence, he quickly went to liuhai Lane courtyard house to see Xia ruofei. Knowing that Xia ruofei was not at home, he stood still at the gate and waited. His purpose was to let Xia ruofei see his sincerity and not blame him anymore.

Of course, as Chen Xuan had repeatedly emphasized this, Shen Hu had avoided Lu You when he returned to the capital, including when he sought out Deacon Liu to understand the situation. Shen Hu did not reveal anything to Deacon Liu either.

Xia ruofei waved his hand and said, "I've already punished your Deacon. I've already told brother Chen Xuan to stop here. Why did you have to go back to China?"Visitt novğ’†lbin(.)cğ’/m for the lğ’‚test updates

"Senior Xia is so magnanimous!" Shen Hu said," however, this junior must know his limits. Although I have unknowingly offended senior, an offense is still an offense. As the sect master of the water Yuan sect, this junior should come and ask for forgiveness for the actions of my disciple!"