Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3547 Fear and trepidation (2)

"Mm! Since you're here, then that's it!" Xia ruofei said indifferently," you have to learn your lesson in the future. How can there be a treasure land on earth without an owner? Especially in a place like the capital, if there really is a treasure land rich in spiritual Qi, it would have been discovered by other cultivators long ago. Why would a cultivator who lives overseas have the chance to pick up the treasure?"

Although the cultivation world basically didn't actively come into contact with the secular world, it was common for cultivators to travel in the mortal world. Moreover, the capital was the political and economic center of Huaxia, so the probability of cultivators coming here was more than in other cities. For so many years, no one had discovered a treasure land for cultivation, so why would they wait for the water Yuan sect, who was already stationed overseas, to discover it? This matter was obviously not reliable.

Shen Hu was also embarrassed as he lowered his head and said, "It's all Junior's fault for being blinded by greed! Senior Xia, this junior is willing to take all responsibility. No matter what punishment you give this junior, this junior will have no complaints. I only beg senior to let the water Yuan sect go. The other disciples are innocent..."

Xia ruofei remained noncommittal and only asked indifferently," "Lu You doesn't know my identity, right?"

"She doesn't know!" Shen Hu quickly replied. Senior Xia has already given her instructions, how would I dare to reveal it to her?"

No matter what Xia ruofei's reason was, Shen Hu did not dare to be negligent. Since Xia ruofei did not want Lu You to know his identity as a cultivator, especially not the fact that he was the Golden core stage senior who had given him the cultivation resources the night before, Shen Hu would definitely help to keep it a secret.

Xia ruofei nodded slightly."Lu you and I are just ordinary friends from the secular world. In the future, when she's in your water element sect, you should take care of her appropriately. However, don't let her know my identity. Understand?"

"I understand! I understand!" Shen Hu hurriedly nodded and said,"please rest assured, senior. This junior will definitely do his best to cultivate her! Lu You's cultivation talent is quite good. Although she started cultivating a little late, senior has given her precious spirit crystals. Her cultivation should be able to improve very quickly."

To be honest, when Shen Hu found out that Lu You had a spirit crystal, he couldn't help but feel envious, especially when Deacon Liu told him that Xia ruofei had also given Lu You a cultivation technique called the water element Scripture. It was highly suspected to be a lost cultivation technique of the sect. He was even more tempted.

However, these spirit crystals and cultivation techniques were all given to Lu You by Xia ruofei. He had also made it clear that no one was to covet them. Hence, even if he had a few more guts, he would not dare to have any improper thoughts. He also had to protect Lu You in case someone in the sect was blind and set their eyes on Lu You's spirit crystals and cultivation techniques.

"Just give her some normal care," Xia ruofei said calmly."Don't let her feel that it's too abnormal."

"Yes! This junior will grasp this balance." Shen Hu said, "the sect has a special cultivation system for some geniuses. Lu You's talent must have reached the standard of a genius in the sect. Therefore, it is normal for the resources to be biased towards her. She will not feel that something is wrong!"

Any cultivation sect would favor geniuses, because geniuses were the easiest to grow up and were the most likely to return the favor to the sect in the future. Of course, if it wasn't for Xia ruofei, Lu You's talent could only be considered above average. She could barely meet the standards of a genius, but it was impossible for her to receive too much special care in the sect.

With Xia ruofei's words, even if Lu You's talent was average, she would definitely be trained according to the standards of a genius.

In reality, Shen Hu was overjoyed to hear Xia ruofei's request. This meant that Xia ruofei would not punish the water element sect too severely. At the very least, he would not destroy the entire water element sect. Otherwise, if the sect did not even exist, how could he take care of Lu You in the sect?

Xia ruofei nodded and said, "It's good that you know what you are doing! In addition ... I've already punished that Deacon Liu, and she won't be able to cultivate in the future, so don't harm her life anymore. Let her be an ordinary person!"

"As senior Xia commands!" Shen Hu said without hesitation.

Then, Shen Hu added, "by the way, senior Xia, the first heaven society will select a group of disciples from their subsidiary sects to cultivate in the first heaven society every three years. Each time, it will last for three years. This time, our water Yuan sect has two spots. I want to give one of them to Lu You. After she comes to the first heaven society, she will still be a disciple of the water Yuan sect, but she will be able to enjoy the cultivation resources of the first heaven society disciples. Moreover, she will be taken care of by sect leader Chen, so her safety will definitely not be a problem." What do you think?"

Xia ruofei said,"I'll leave this to you!" I don't have any objections." 

The disciples selected from these subsidiary sects would cultivate in the first heaven society for three years, which was equivalent to short-term cultivation in the secular world. Xia ruofei didn't know if this was a custom in the first heaven society, but he knew that Chen Xuan was trying to get on his good side. Naturally, he wouldn't reject Chen Xuan's kind intentions.

"Alright! Then I'll make the arrangements when I return!" Shen Hu said, "actually, because our water Yuan sect's strength is average, we only have one spot each time. This time, sect leader Chen young specially gave us an extra spot. It was actually prepared for Lu You!"

Since Chen Xuan had done him a favor, Shen Hu naturally did not dare to hide it from Xia ruofei in case he owed him a favor.

"Please thank brother Chen Xuan for me!" Xia ruofei nodded.

Then, Xia ruofei said,"alright, sect Master Shen, let's end this matter here." I've seen your sincerity, and the person responsible has already been punished. From now on, you'll be on your own."

Shen Hu's hanging heart finally settled down. He rejoiced in his heart. Although this senior Xia was an Aurous core stage cultivator, he was not overbearing. Although he had a faint edge, his overall attitude was still relatively gentle. If it were any other golden core cultivator, they would definitely not let this go. Moreover, they had no other way. Who asked them to be crushed by the other party?

"Many thanks for senior Xia's magnanimity! This junior will definitely take this as a warning!" Shen Hu said excitedly.

Xia ruofei nodded lightly.

Just as Shen Hu was about to stand up and leave, Xia ruofei suddenly asked," "By the way, sect Master Shen, since your sect is called the water element sect, what cultivation technique do you cultivate?"

Shen Hu could not help but be stunned.

Xia ruofei smiled."If it's not convenient for you to tell me, then forget it. I was just asking."

"Convenient! It's convenient!" Shen Hu hurriedly said, "I won't hide it from senior Xia. The water Yuan sect's main cultivation technique is the water Yuan Scripture. However, with the passage of time, our sect has gone through a few disasters in the past few hundred years. Our strength has declined greatly, and the inheritance of the cultivation technique has almost been broken. Now, the water Yuan Scripture in the sect is only an incomplete scroll. Even I, the sect leader, have cultivated an incomplete version of the water Yuan Scripture."

At this point, Shen Hu could not help but sigh,"This is also an important reason why our sect's strength is so low. As the sect leader, I'm actually a Qi condensation cultivator. Thinking about it, I've let down the sect's ancestors!"

"Oh? Does this mean that the water Yuan sect also had a glorious history?" Xia ruofei asked with great interest.

In fact, when he had chosen the "water Yuan Scripture" as a gift to Lu You, he had not considered much about the water Yuan sect. It was entirely because Lu You's physique was especially suitable for water - attribute cultivation techniques. This "water Yuan Scripture" just happened to be a cultivation technique that emphasized the water attribute. Moreover, it was one of the better ones among the cultivation techniques that Xia ruofei had mastered. It was relatively easy to get started with this cultivation technique and had great potential in the future. It was especially suitable for newbies like Lu You who had stepped on the cultivation path later.

From the looks of it now, this technique was most likely the legacy technique of the water element sect. Based on Xia ruofei's understanding of this technique, if the water element sect had cultivated the complete version of this technique, then this sect would be relatively strong. This was because the techniques that could be recorded in the Jade talisman of legacy or the top floor of the trial Pagoda were all excellent techniques that had been selected.
﻿Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

This "water Yuan Scripture" was no exception. Moreover, it was one of the better cultivation methods among these.