Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

3548 Give me a chance (1)

"According to the sect's ancient records, our water Yuan sect was at its peak when our sect leader was a primordial soul Stage cultivator. "Of course, this is something that happened a long time ago, and its authenticity can't be verified ..."

These words sounded a little exaggerated now. In the current cultivation world, even nascent soul cultivators were extinct, let alone nascent soul cultivators. At least, the strongest one in the cultivation world was the sect leader of the first heaven sect, Chen Nanfeng. He was in the late golden core stage and was said to be infinitely close to the nascent Soul Stage. However, he was still far from breaking through.

However, Xia ruofei knew that the records in the sect's ancient records Shen Hu had mentioned were most likely true.

According to his understanding of the "water Yuan Scripture," this cultivation technique could indeed be cultivated to the primordial soul Stage. Moreover, if the sect was at its peak at that time, there would definitely be more than one cultivation technique. In the most glorious era of the cultivation world, there would definitely be more than a few low - Level cultivators.

However, there was a gap in the inheritance of the water element sect, and the cultivation method was incomplete. Coupled with the lack of cultivation resources, they were in such a difficult situation. Even the sect leader was only at the ninth Qi layer.

Of course, Xia ruofei knew that even if the latter part of the water element Scripture was a little incomplete, it was not to the extent that he could not even reach the Golden core stage. It seemed that there were still many incomplete techniques in the water element sect.

"It seems that the water element sect has a glorious history," Xia ruofei said with a smile.

"It's all our fault for being useless, causing the sect to gradually decline." Shen Hu said shamefully.

"Sect Master Shen, I'm sure you've already guessed it," Xia ruofei said calmly."The 'water element Scripture' that I gave Lu You is indeed the complete version."

Shen Hu had already guessed it, but after Xia ruofei confirmed it, he was still shocked.

As the sect master of the water element sect, Shen Hu had always dreamed of the day when he would be able to complete the sect's legacy level cultivation techniques and restore the sect to its former glory.

However, he had never seen any hope.

Today, the complete "water Yuan Scripture" had appeared. It had happened so inadvertently.

For a moment, Shen Hu was so excited that he could not speak.Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Xia ruofei continued, "the" water Scripture "that I have is from a very ancient heritage. I have tried to deduce it myself. There should be no problem with its authenticity. In theory, this cultivation technique can indeed be cultivated to the primordial soul Stage. Of course, the premise is that there are sufficient cultivation resources."

"Senior Xia ..." Shen Hu's voice was trembling.

He really wanted this cultivation technique, but he didn't dare to say that the water Yuan sect had just offended Xia ruofei. He was here to ask for forgiveness. Nowadays, any golden core cultivator could easily destroy the entire water Yuan sect. However, under normal circumstances, the Golden core cultivators in the cultivation world wouldn't and didn't dare to destroy a small sect. This kind of thing was infuriating to both man and God. However, the basic rules still had to be followed. If he incurred the wrath of the masses, even an Aurous core stage cultivator might not have an easy time.

Of course, this was under normal circumstances.

For example, the water element sect had provoked Xia ruofei this time. If Xia ruofei really wanted to kill their sect, no one would say anything. Even the first heaven society would only express their dissatisfaction at most.

Under such circumstances, it was already very good to be able to protect the sect. How would Shen Hu dare to ask for this technique from Xia ruofei?

The other party has already said that this cultivation technique came from an ancient inheritance. Although your water Yuan sect's ancestors had once cultivated this cultivation technique, it doesn't mean that this cultivation technique only belongs to your water Yuan sect! To be honest, it was impossible to determine whether this cultivation technique came into existence after the existence of the water element sect, or whether it was because of this cultivation technique that the founding sect master named the sect the water element sect.

"I know that you really want this technique, sect Master Shen. You even have the thought of taking a risk, right?" Xia ruofei said indifferently.

"This junior doesn't dare..." Shen Hu said nervously.

"Sect Master Shen, there's a saying in the secular world that there's no free lunch. Do you understand what I mean?" Xia ruofei asked with a faint smile.

"I understand! I understand!" Shen Hu said awkwardly,"I don't dare to hope for too much ... Moreover, Lu You is also a disciple of the water element sect. I am already very grateful to senior Xia for being able to cultivate the authentic water element Scripture!"
﻿
Xia ruofei said, "it's good that you think this way. Lu You might not be very experienced in the world, especially in the cultivation world. So, if someone uses some tricks to make her hand over this cultivation technique or make a copy of it ...

"I wouldn't dare!" Shen Hu hurriedly said,"senior Xia, this junior absolutely did not mean it that way!"

"It doesn't matter even if you do it, as long as you're confident that I won't find out." Xia ruofei said with a smile.

Shen Hu's forehead was covered in cold sweat. He said submissively,"Senior Xia, even if you lend me a few more guts, I wouldn't dare to act so rashly!"

Shen Hu might have thought of this, but after being frightened by Xia ruofei, this thought disappeared.

It was too dangerous to go against an Aurous core stage cultivator at the risk of the sect being destroyed...

Xia ruofei said indifferently,"it's good to know respect." Sect Master Shen, I'm not an unreasonable person, and I understand how you feel about completing the sect's inheritance, so ... It's not impossible to give you a chance!"