Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3549 Give me a chance (2)

Shen Hu instantly felt a turn of events and joy from the heavens. He quickly said, "Senior Xia! Thank you! Thank you! The entire water Yuan sect is willing to go through fire and water for senior! As long as it's within our means, we'll do our best!"

"You have no problem leaving the first heaven society?" Xia ruofei asked meaningfully.

The current water element sect was said to be a subsidiary sect of the first heaven society, but in reality, it was just an outer organization that belonged to the first heaven society. Although Shen Hu, the sect master of the water element sect, couldn't be said to be a puppet of the first heaven society, his actual power definitely wasn't as great as an independent sect. He was still under the jurisdiction of the first heaven society and had many restrictions.

Shen Hu suddenly became extremely embarrassed. How could he have the guts to do that! Xia ruofei was a powerful golden core cultivator, but the first heaven society had many golden core cultivators! Moreover, Chen Nanfeng was a late - Stage golden core cultivator and was widely acknowledged as the number one in the cultivation world. If Shen Hu dared to betray the first heaven society with the water element sect, the entire sect might be annihilated the next day.

In all fairness, the first heaven society had taken good care of Shen Hu and the water Yuan sect. Without the protection of the first heaven society, the water Yuan sect probably wouldn't have been able to survive until now. Shen Hu couldn't convince himself to betray the first heaven society for the complete version of the water Yuan Scripture, no matter if it was morality or emotion.

He said awkwardly,"senior Xia must be joking!" This ... This junior really can't do it."
﻿
"Not bad," Xia ruofei said indifferently,"he's a righteous person.

If Shen Hu was really willing to abandon the first heaven society for the cultivation method, Xia ruofei would not have given him the cultivation method. This was because he was a two-faced person and was not worthy of trust.

"I don't dare to accept senior's praise. Although the competition in the cultivation world is cruel, junior believes that there should still be a basic bottom line." Shen Hu said.

Xia ruofei nodded and said,"you know respect and respect. You value friendship. You didn't let brother Chen Xuan down." Sect Master Shen, I'll give you a chance to see your performance in the future! "I have two conditions. The first is to train Lu You to the ninth level of the aura refining realm. Of course, you can't go against common sense and use the entire sect's resources to train her. In short, you can't let her feel that it's abnormal. Also, you're still not allowed to reveal my identity. Can you do that?"

"No problem!" Shen Hu said excitedly,"senior Xia, even if you didn't ask me, I would have done my best to nurture Lu You!"

Previously, Shen Hu had promised Xia ruofei that he would take care of Lu You. Now, there was only one more condition - that he had to train Lu You to at least refined Qi level 9. This condition was as good as not mentioning it. It was nothing more than a certain amount of time.

The water Yuan sect had been wasted for so many years. Waiting for a few more years would be nothing.

At least, there was still a reason for this wait.

Xia ruofei nodded and said,"the second condition is that when I need it in the future, I'll be able to mobilize the entire sect." Of course, you only need to do this once, and you won't be forced to go against your morals, such as going against the first heaven society."
﻿
"That's no problem! Senior has bestowed the "water element Scripture" to our water element sect, which means that we have been given a new lease on life. If senior wants to drive us away, the entire water element sect should unconditionally obey!" Shen Hu said, "don't say it once. In the future, if senior needs anything, the water Yuan sect will do our best to help!"

Xia ruofei nodded slightly. He was satisfied with Shen Hu's attitude.

"If that's the case, then it's a deal! When Lu You breaks through to refined Qi level 9, I will allow her to teach you the complete version of the water element Scripture, regardless of whether I ask for your help or not!"

Shen Hu was so excited that tears welled up in his eyes. He said with a trembling voice,"Senior Xia, on behalf of the hundreds of disciples of the water Yuan sect, I would like to thank you for your kindness! I can't repay your great kindness, please accept my bow!" 

Shen Hu knelt down in front of Xia ruofei.

Xia ruofei did not stop him and accepted Shen Hu's bow calmly.

At least up until now, Xia ruofei was satisfied with Shen Hu's performance. Of course, the future would depend on his performance. Anyway, it was just a cultivation technique. It might be as important as Mount Tai to the water element sect, but it was nothing in Xia ruofei's eyes. If he didn't give it to Lu You, this cultivation technique would most likely remain hidden in Xia ruofei's mind. The only use was that Xia ruofei would take it out and use it as a reference when he cultivated. It was basically impossible for him to actually cultivate it.

"Alright, now that we've talked about the cultivation ground, the matter of the cultivation technique is settled." Xia ruofei said indifferently, "if there's nothing else, you can go back! Don't forget what you've promised me!"
﻿
"Yes! This junior will remember this in his heart! Senior Xia, please watch our performance in the future!" Shen Hu stood up from the ground and bowed slightly to Xia ruofei. He said respectfully, "Senior Xia, I won't disturb you any longer. Farewell ... 

"Go!" Xia ruofei nodded and said.

When Shen Hu left the courtyard in liuhai Lane, he was still in a daze. He had not expected that his trip back to China would be so smooth. A huge crisis had been resolved smoothly, and he had even seen the light of hope. It was very likely that after a few years, he would be able to complete the contents of the water Yuan Scripture.

This was something that many generations of sect leaders had dreamed of, but could not achieve in their entire lives!

Shen Hu knew that if he did this well, he would definitely leave a mark in the history of the sect. If the water element sect still existed after countless years, the disciples of the water element sect would definitely be familiar with his name.

To cultivators, this was equivalent to leaving their names in history!

Shen Hu shook his head and muttered to himself as he walked,"Cultivate Lu You! Refined Qi level 9! We have to do it as soon as possible ... But we can't let her know that she's taking special care of us. We have to plan this well ..."

The first thing that came to Shen Hu's mind was, of course, the quota for "Advanced Studies" at the first heaven society.

The cultivation environment in the first heaven society was much better than that of the water Yuan sect. Furthermore, even the ordinary disciples of the first heaven society might receive more cultivation resources than the elite disciples of the water Yuan sect. If Lu You could study in the first heaven society for three years, it would be of great help to the improvement of her cultivation.
﻿
Shen Hu decided to get this done as soon as possible.

Yesterday, after the Chartered plane that he had taken landed in the capital, Chen Xuan had personally called to ask about the situation. He had personally agreed to add a quota to the water element sect and to "hat" the quota to Lu You.

Shen Hu hailed a taxi at the entrance of the alley and hurried back to the hotel.

Deacon Liu, who had injured his meridians and aperture acupoints, was also recuperating in this hotel. Shen Hu called attendant Liu's room on the way and asked her to call Lu You over. He wanted to meet Lu You personally. After Lu You returned to the capital, she didn't stay in a hotel but stayed at home with her mother, Tian Huilan.

Not long after Shen Hu returned to the hotel room, the doorbell rang.

After opening the door, Shen Hu saw Deacon Liu standing at the door with Lu You. Both of them had a nervous expression, not knowing why the sect leader had suddenly summoned them.

In reality, Lu You did not even know that Shen Hu had suddenly returned to the country.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Shen Hu had been afraid of revealing Xia ruofei's identity at the start, so he had been in contact with manager Liu and had strictly ordered him not to reveal any information to Lu You.

Therefore, when Lu You received manager Liu's call to inform her that Shen Hu had arrived in the capital and was in a hotel now, and that he was about to meet her, she was completely dumbfounded and felt extremely uneasy.

Shen Hu didn't have much of an impression of Lu You. She was a new disciple who had just entered the sect. Although she was quite talented, it was already rather late for her to start cultivating at this age. Therefore, under normal circumstances, Lu You's achievements in cultivation wouldn't be very high.

Now, when Shen Hu saw Lu You, it was as if he had seen the complete version of the water element Scripture. The expression on his face was also rather kind.

"You are Lu You? As expected, she's a natural beauty!" Shen Hu said with a smile, "come, come, come! Let's talk in the room!"
 