Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

3550 Affable_1

When Lu You was in the water element sect, she had seen Shen Hu a few times. Every time, Shen Hu had given her the impression that he was very serious. Although a Qi refining level 9 cultivator was nothing in the eyes of Xia ruofei and the others, he was still very dignified in the eyes of the low - Level Qi refining disciples of the water element sect, even disciples like Lu You who had not even reached Qi refining Level 1.

However, Shen Hu was different today. He was so kind that Lu You felt a little scared.

There must be a demon in the abnormal world.

Lu You's heart was beating like a drum. At the beginning, she was full of anticipation for cultivation. However, Deacon Liu's performance the night before had taught her a vivid lesson. Now, she could be considered to have experienced the brutal beating of the special society of the cultivation world. She had become sensitive and vigilant.

Lu You knew about her looks. Although she was not sure about Shen Hu's actual age, he looked like he was in his forties. Could it be that this sect leader, who was full of smiles, had ill intentions towards her?

Shen Hu's temperament was considered refined. After all, he was a cultivator. However, his image in Lu You's mind had suddenly become that of a greasy uncle. The smile on his face had also become a little wretched.

Lu You couldn't help but feel a sense of fear. She knew very well that Shen Hu was a Qi refinement level 9 cultivator, while she hadn't even reached Qi refinement Level 1. In front of Shen Hu, she had no way of resisting.

"Sect leader, you ... Is there anything I can help you with?" Lu You suppressed the fear in her heart and asked in a low voice.

Shen Hu saw that her voice was trembling and could not help but feel strange. He had no idea that Lu You had already mistaken him for a perverted uncle.

"Nothing special. I just had something to do back in the country. Since the two of you are on a mission in Beijing, I wanted to have a chat with you!" Shen Hu said.

"We?" Lu You was stunned for a moment before she heaved a sigh of relief.

It turned out that he wanted her to go with Deacon Liu. Then there should be no problem. However, he didn't dare to take it lightly. What if this sect Master Shen had some special hobbies? 

"Of course!" Shen Hu gave Lu You a strange look."Let's talk inside!" 

After saying that, he turned around and walked into the room.

Lu You was still in a daze when Deacon Liu pulled her sleeve lightly and said in a low voice," "Hurry up and enter the house, don't let the sect leader wait for us!"Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

"Oh!" Lu You could not help but follow Deacon Liu in.

At this moment, she had made up her mind. It didn't matter if she stretched out her head or pulled her head back. If Shen Hu really wanted to use force, she had no ability to resist at all. At most, it would be a life and death struggle. Only death would await her. In any case, she couldn't let him have his way.

Lu You walked into Shen Hu's room heroically, as if she was on the battlefield.

Shen Hu could also feel Lu You's nervousness. However, he thought that Lu You was the kind of person who would be nervous when low-Level disciples met their sect leader, so he didn't think much about it.
﻿


"Sit down!" He said. Shen Hu asked, "do you guys want to drink anything?"

"No need, no need, sect leader," quickly said Deacon Liu,"just tell me what you need!" We're not thirsty."

Even Deacon Liu felt that Shen Hu's attitude today was a little too friendly and she could not help but feel apprehensive.

Shen Hu nodded with a smile. He then looked at attendant Liu and asked, "How are your injuries?"

"I'm still unable to circulate my Qi to cultivate. Sect leader, I might not be able to ..."Deacon Liu's face darkened.

Shen Hu sighed and said, "There's nothing I can do. I've checked your injuries, and I can't do anything about it! Xia ..."

When Shen Hu said this, he suddenly became alert and stopped in time. He had almost blurted out the words 'senior Xia! If he had said it out loud, perhaps Lu You might not have linked it to Xia ruofei, but what if? If Lu You really found out that Xia ruofei was a golden core cultivator, Xia ruofei might not be able to complete the water element Scripture in a fit of anger.

Shen Hu's thoughts turned quickly and he tried to salvage the situation, "Next time, you can't make such a mistake! Didn't I repeatedly warn you not to use the methods of cultivators on ordinary people in the secular world? One had to know that there was always someone better! That Jindan stage senior personally punished you, how could we Qi condensation cultivators easily resolve it?"

"I know I was wrong, sect leader. I'm already satisfied that I'm still alive," Deacon Liu sighed.

"It's good that you know!" Shen Hu snorted."How about this? After we return, you can slowly recuperate in the sect. Even if you can't fully recover and can't cultivate, the water Yuan sect will take care of you for the rest of your life!"
﻿
Although Deacon Liu did not know Xia ruofei's true identity, he knew that Lu You had the complete version of the water element Scripture and spirit crystals. He also knew that the Golden core stage cultivator had to take care of Lu You. Moreover, she was injured on duty, so Shen Hu could not expel her from the water element sect just because she was crippled.

To put it bluntly, it was because she Knew Too Much.

If Xia ruofei had not casually mentioned that they could not take Deacon Liu's life, Shen Hu would have killed him immediately. After all, she had caused the water Yuan sect to fall into a huge crisis. Besides, dead people would never reveal secrets.

However, since this would not work, he could only keep Deacon Liu in the sect. In short, he could not be driven out casually. Otherwise, the news might be leaked, and Lu You's safety could not be guaranteed.
 