Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Chapter 356: The opening of the Expo – Part 3

Coincidentally, Chen Song was also looking over. Their eyes met. Chen Song revealed a cold smile and snorted as he looked away arrogantly. Xia ruofei had a faint smile on his face and ignored Chen song’s hostility. Xia ruofei was more concerned about Chen song’s strange stone that could make the spirit painting scroll tremble on its own than the kid. The flower exhibition, which Xia ruofei had thought was boring, finally made him more interested. Xia ruofei sat there for a while, bored. Then, he heard footsteps coming from the entrance of the basketball court. The opening ceremony ended, and the students returned to their respective display booths. According to the exhibition’s schedule, before the exhibition was opened, the evaluation committee would judge all the flowers and plants that were exhibited this year and decide the first, second and third prize, which were the gold, silver, and bronze prizes that Chen Song had mentioned. As for mass voting, there was no arrangement at all. It was up to the evaluation committee. Xia ruofei welcomed such an arrangement. After all, this was the home of the Agriculture and Forestry University. Most of the students who came to visit the exhibition hall were definitely Agricultural University students. If the students who visited the exhibition had one vote each, then the other universities would not need to compete at all. The agricultural University would probably win all the gold, silver, and bronze prizes. Although the judging panel was not absolutely fair, and Agricultural University had the home – court advantage, in comparison, the current rules were as fair as possible. The members of the evaluation committee were also quite complicated. There were teachers from various universities, some industry insiders, experts, and scholars. It was said that the head of the evaluation committee was the president of the southeast province flower association, Chen dongbai. The lineup was quite luxurious. The judges would evaluate all the flowers that were exhibited and choose 30 pots of flowers that were shortlisted. Then, these 30 pots of flowers would be sent to the judges. Everyone would have a meeting to decide on a gold, three silver, and five bronze awards. The remaining 21 pots would naturally be shortlisted. All of the selection work would be completed within half a day. Then, the photos of the winning flowers, the names of the universities, the positions of the booths, and other information would be shown on the large LED screen at the entrance of the exhibition area. Moreover, the gold – award flowers also had special awards. Information about other flowers that had won the award would roll out. The gold – award flowers were directly placed at the top and had always been at the top. They did not participate in the rolling rotation. In other words, when the exhibition was officially open for visitors, all the visitors would be able to see the information of the gold – winning flower at the first moment. It was no wonder that Xia Cheng, Chen Song, and the schools that everyone represented placed so much importance on this gold medal. Xia Cheng and the others quickly returned to the booth. “Big brother Xia, the evaluation committee’s experts have already started to evaluate the flowers and plants that will be exhibited,” Jiang Yue said nervously. Xia ruofei chuckled and said,”Jiang Yue, relax. The first round is only to select the shortlisted flowers. If our jade lion can’t even get shortlisted, how can we compete with others?” Xia Cheng and the others had different expressions. They knew that it was not difficult to be shortlisted, but to defeat yang suhe from Agricultural University in the second round of judging and win the gold medal, the difficulty would be very high. However, now that things had come to this, he could only hope that Xia ruofei would take good care of this pot of orchid and make it undergo a complete transformation in just three days. The judging panel started from the outside, so Xia ruofei and the others waited for a while. Finally, a student from the Garden Club walked back quickly and said,””Everyone, get ready. The evaluation committee’s experts will be arriving at the main exhibition area soon!”