Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

3551 Affable_2

Manager Liu naturally did not know that she had already made a round in front of the gates of hell. After hearing Shen Hu's words, manager Liu revealed a grateful expression and said, "Thank you for your concern, sect leader! Even if this subordinate can't cultivate anymore, I will definitely do my best to contribute to the sect!"

Shen Hu nodded his head slightly and looked at Lu You. His expression became even more amiable. Lu You, I heard that the Golden core senior also gave you a cultivation technique and a precious spirit crystal?"

Lu You's heart was pounding. It seemed that Shen Hu had no intention of coveting her beauty. Since Shen Hu had asked about the cultivation technique and spirit crystals, then ... He might be coveting these cultivation resources?

Lu You heaved a sigh of relief in her heart. If the cultivation resources were really taken away, then so be it. Anyway, she was not so enthusiastic about cultivation now.

"Yes! Sect leader!" Lu You replied carefully,"Deacon Liu told me that the crystal that contained a large amount of spirit Qi is called a spirit crystal. In addition, senior also gave me a cultivation technique called the 'water element Scripture! I took a look at the content, and it seems to be somewhat similar to the cultivation technique we received when we first joined the sect. Sect leader, I've brought the cultivation technique and spiritual crystals. You can take a look first ...

"No need, no need!" Shen Hu quickly waved his hand. Since that senior has clearly stated that this is an opportunity for you, then how can I, as the sect leader, snatch it? Additionally, you have to remember that cultivation methods should not be easily imparted to others. Although the "water Yuan Scripture" is similar to the cultivation methods of our sect, the cultivation method in your hand should be more precious. Therefore, without the permission of that senior, you must never show it to anyone else, understand?"

Shen Hu was also worried that Lu You did not know anything and would show the cultivation technique to others casually. It might be fine if it was an ordinary person from the secular world, but if it was a cultivator, especially a cultivator from the water Yuan sect who had practiced the incomplete version of the "water Yuan Scripture", it was inevitable that he would have evil thoughts. Even if he did not snatch it openly, he would not be able to bear it if he secretly made a copy of it! When this technique was circulated and Xia ruofei found out that someone had cultivated the complete version of the water element Scripture, Shen Hu would not be able to explain himself!

After Lu You heard this, she nodded in confusion and said, ""I understand, sect leader."

"The safest way is for you to remember the cultivation method in your heart and then destroy it. This way, there will be no possibility of it being leaked!" Shen Hu warned.

After Shen Hu finished speaking, he felt that his idea was very reasonable and immediately said, "Right! Let's do this! Lu You, your mission for the next few days is to memorize this cultivation technique and then destroy it. In addition, you must firmly remember that besides you, this cultivation method must not be passed on to anyone, including me, the sect leader, unless that Jindan senior allows you to do so, understand?"

"Yes! I got it!" Lu You said.Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

She looked at the sect leader in front of her who suddenly became righteous and awe-inspiring, and couldn't help but Mutter in her heart, what kind of medicine was this person selling in his gourd? 

After Shen Hu finished, his expression became much gentler and he continued, "Lu You! Since this golden core senior gave you a cultivation technique and spiritual crystals, it means that he thinks highly of your talent. I learned about it yesterday, your talent is very good, and your physique is inclined towards the water attribute, so the "water Yuan Scripture" is very suitable for you. You must work hard to cultivate and not let down the expectations of that Jindan stage senior!"

"Oh! Alright!" Lu You said.

"I'm here to find you today! There's one more thing." Shen Hu said amiably," as you know, our water Yuan sect is actually under the first heaven society. Every three years, the first heaven society will select a group of disciples from various subsidiary sects to enter the first heaven society for hidden cultivation. This year is another year of short-term disciple selection, and our water Yuan sect has been given two spots! I can see that your talent is one in a million, so the sect is prepared to focus on cultivating you and give you one of the spots."

Deacon Liu's expression was a little strange.

Deacon Liu was in charge of Lu You and the other new disciples. She naturally knew that Lu You was quite talented. However, it would be an exaggeration to say that she was one in a million. At least within the water element sect, there were several disciples who were as talented as Lu You. Therefore, she knew very well that Shen Hu's care for Lu You was mostly because of that golden core senior. However, he could not reveal his identity as a senior, so he exaggerated Lu You's talent to be one in a million.

In fact, Deacon Liu was also very curious about the identity of the Jindan senior.

After Lu You heard Shen Hu's words, she was stunned. She said, "You want me to ... Study in the first heaven society?"

"How is it?" Shen Hu said with a smile," the disciples from the various sects who come to the first heaven sect to cultivate will enjoy the same treatment as the first heaven sect's disciples. Whether it's the cultivation environment or the cultivation resources, the first heaven sect is much better than our water element sect. If you cultivate in the first heaven sect for three years, a conservative estimate is that you will reach the fifth or even sixth Qi layer! If I were to stay in the water Yuan sect, my cultivation speed would be much slower."

"Sect master, may I ask ... Is the first heaven sect also in England?" Lu You asked carefully.

Shen Hu's expression was somewhat strange as he said, "The first heaven society is not in England."

"That ... That was in Europe?" Lu You asked again.

Shen Hu didn't know whether to laugh or cry. If an ordinary disciple heard that there was such a precious place for the advanced Studies, they would have been grateful to tears. However, Lu You didn't seem to be excited at all. Instead, she was asking this and that, and the questions she asked were all so nonsensical.

However, this was senior Xia's friend, so Shen Hu didn't dare to show any impatience. He continued to explain with a smile,"Not really, Lu You. Although there are many sects in the world of cultivation, our water element sect is the only one that has established a sect overseas. The other sects are at most on the sea. Most of the sects are distributed in Huaxia, and the first heaven sect is no exception."

"In China?" Lu You hesitated for a while and then said, "thank you for your guidance, sect master. However ... Can I not take this spot?"

Deacon Liu, who was standing at the side, was already extremely envious. She knew all too well just how precious these cultivating spots were. In the past, the water Yuan sect, which was weak, would usually get one quota. This year, there was suddenly an additional quota, and it was most likely prepared for Lu You. That senior was actually able to influence the first heaven society and had even designated this spot to Lu You. This was really enviable. When Deacon Liu heard Lu You say that she did not want a spot, he could not help but exclaim," "Lu You, don't be silly! Cultivating in the first heaven society is completely different from cultivating in our water element sect! This spot is very, very precious, why aren't you going?"

"Don't force her." Shen Hu asked,"Lu You, why are you unwilling to go?"

Lu You said, a little embarrassed," "Sect leader, my family members don't know about my cultivation ...

"It's normal. The cultivation world and the secular world are two different worlds. Even if you tell your family, they won't believe you. They might even think that you've met a scammer!" But what does that have to do with you going to the heavenly sect to study?"

Lu You said,"I was studying in England. That's why I was able to join the water element sect and study at the same time." However, if I were to go to Tianyi school to further my studies, I would have to return to China. I haven't even gotten my Degree Certificate from England. If I were to stop my studies and return to China, my family would be very disappointed. And ... I don't think my talent is as good as you say. I still can't take the initiative to absorb spiritual energy for cultivation, so this precious quota should be given to the other disciples in the sect!"

Shen Hu did not know whether to laugh or cry. He had not expected Lu You's reason to be like this...
 