Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

3552 Incense and passion (1)

Shen Hu had thought of Lu You's reason for refusing to study at the first heaven society. However, he did not expect that the final reason she gave was for her studies and her family. To Shen Hu, who had cultivated for decades, these were very vague and distant concepts.

Moreover, Lu You's reason seemed to be difficult to refute.

Shen Hu and Deacon Liu looked at each other and could not help but reveal a bitter smile.

If Lu You was still an ordinary disciple, Shen Hu would not have made things so difficult for her. He would have either ordered her to obey his orders or simply disqualified her! This kind of precious quota was something that other disciples could not even ask for. If he gave it to you but did not want it, then he would just give it to someone else.

But now, Lu You's identity was so special. Xia ruofei was an expert in the Golden core stage! Moreover, it was related to the complete version of the water element Scripture. Shen Hu wanted to worship Lu You, but he could not show any abnormal care. This was really too difficult ...

Shen Hu's mind was spinning, and Lu You was also a little nervous. She said carefully," "Sect leader, even if I were to stay in the water Yuan sect to cultivate, I would definitely work even harder! Besides, don't I have a spiritual crystal now? It should also speed up my cultivation, and it might not be much slower than when I went to the first heaven sect to cultivate ..."

Lu You's words were like a bolt of lightning that flashed across Shen Hu's mind. He suddenly felt as if he was enlightened.Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

This was really confusing to those involved!
﻿
In the beginning, he had only thought of increasing Lu You's cultivation as soon as possible. After all, Lu You had broken through to refined Qi level 9. He would have the chance to get the complete version of the water element Scripture. This had almost become his obsession. However, the moment he jumped out of his thoughts, he realized that it was actually better for Lu You to stay in the water element sect to cultivate.

On one hand, it was as Lu You had said. The spiritual crystal that Xia ruofei had given her could be of great help in the early stages of Lu You's cultivation. The effect was even more obvious especially when the cultivation environment in the water element sect was average. In fact, the "water element Scripture" was definitely a high - grade cultivation technique at the Qi refining stage. Even if it was an incomplete version, as long as there were enough cultivation resources, it would not be slow to break through. The water Yuan sect's overall strength was weak, not only because their cultivation techniques were incomplete, but also because they lacked resources. If she didn't care about the cost and used spirit crystals to cultivate the entire time, Lu You's early cultivation speed would definitely be very fast.

One Spirit crystal could at least support Lu You's cultivation to Level 4 or 5 of the Qi refinement realm. As for the subsequent cultivation resources, he would think about it when the time came. At least, he did not have to worry about it now.

On the other hand, if Lu You went to the first heaven society, the cultivation environment would be better and the resources would be slightly more. However, the resources would be limited. However, if she stayed in the water Yuan sect, Shen Hu could frequently guide Lu You. After all, Shen Hu had cultivated for so many years. Even though it was only an incomplete version of the water Yuan Scripture, it was precisely because he was constantly thinking about completing the cultivation technique that he had researched the water Yuan Scripture very deeply. If he personally guided Lu You in her cultivation, the effect would definitely be much better than if Lu You cultivated in the first heaven sect herself.

In addition, Shen Hu also thought that if Lu You stayed in the water element sect, it would also minimize the problem of leaking secrets.

After all, the water element sect was only a subsidiary sect of the first heaven society. Shen Hu's influence within the first heaven society was extremely limited. If Lu You accidentally revealed her cultivation technique in the first heaven society, it would be very difficult for Shen Hu to remedy the situation. Even with Chen Xuan's help, it would still be extremely troublesome.

Therefore, after much thought, it seemed that Lu You staying in the water Yuan sect was a better choice.

When Shen Hu thought of this, he suddenly understood.

A smile gradually bloomed on his face, and he said kindly," "Good! Since you've made up your mind, then you can continue to stay in the sect and cultivate!"

"Thank you, sect leader!" Lu You said happily,"sect master, I didn't know how to appreciate your kindness. Please forgive me!"

"It's okay. We Chinese pay attention to the word 'filial. You gave up the opportunity to study in order not to let your family worry and be disappointed. This also shows filial piety!" How can I blame you for this?"

"Thank you for your magnanimity, sect leader!" Lu You secretly heaved a sigh of relief.

Shen Hu smiled and said,"Lu You, although you didn't go to further your studies, your talent definitely meets the requirements." The water Yuan sect will always have resources for outstanding geniuses. Therefore, when you return, the sect will also focus on nurturing you! In addition, I want to take you in as an in- Name disciple, so that in the future, if you have any doubts about cultivation, you can ask me at any time, and I will spare no effort to explain to you!"

In fact, Shen Hu could not wait to take Lu You in as a personal disciple. The reason why he only took her in - Name was that he was concerned about Lu You's identity. Xia ruofei was a golden core senior and Lu You was Xia ruofei's friend. In the future, Lu You would most likely not be trapped in a small temple like the water Yuan sect. If she was a personal disciple, it would be equivalent to tying Lu You down. Shen Hu was also worried that this would make Xia ruofei unhappy. It was much better for honorary disciples.

Lu You's mind was a little muddled. She had joined the water Yuan sect for some time, but to be honest, she wasn't really valued. However, everything seemed to have changed drastically today. Even the sect master wanted to take her in as a disciple. Even if she was only an in- Name disciple, her status in the sect was still very extraordinary.
 