Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

3555 Delivering warmth to the door (2)

He was very confident. If it were ordinary martial artists, even four or five of them together would not be able to get close to him.

Soon, everyone entered the house together.

Xia ruofei smiled and said to song Qiming," "Uncle song, you look great! It seems that you've been in good health recently!"

Song Qiming laughed and said, "thanks to you!" It's all thanks to the health - Maintenance method you gave me. I've been practicing it recently, and I've made some progress!"

Xia ruofei had specifically warned song Qiming not to reveal anything about cultivation to Fang Liyun. Therefore, song Qiming was rather vague with Fang Liyun present. However, Xia ruofei, Song Wei, and Ling Qingxue understood it immediately.

In fact, Fang Liyun was the only one who was kept in the dark.

In fact, Xia ruofei had already used his spiritual power to check on song Qiming when he saw him. There was a huge gap between their cultivation levels. Furthermore, Xia ruofei's spiritual power had reached the spiritualization realm and was considered the number one in the current cultivation world. The source of novelfullbook.com. Hence, with just a quick glance, he could immediately tell that song Qiming's cultivation had reached refined Qi Level 4.

Combined with what song Qiming had just said, Xia ruofei knew that he had made a breakthrough in his cultivation. No wonder his aura was much stronger than before.

"That's great!" Xia ruofei said with a smile.

They went to the living room on the first floor and took their seats. Fang Liyun asked, Wei Wei, why did you suddenly come home today?"

"I've already completed the topic at hand and completed all the courses for this year, so my mentor asked me to go on my winter break earlier!"Song Wei said.

The three of them had lunch at Xia ruofei's jiangbin villa. After a short rest, Song Wei was ready to go home.

Xia ruofei and Ling Qingxue were going with them.

The main reason they went to Song Wei's house was to feed song Qiming the Vermillion Jade Fruit. At the same time, Xia ruofei also wanted to understand song Qiming's cultivation progress and answer some of his questions.

Initially, Ling Qingxue had expressed that she would not go. However, with Xia ruofei and Song Wei's persuasion, she agreed to go with them.Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Previously, Xia ruofei and song Qiming had already revealed a lot of things about the cultivation world, including the fact that Song Wei and Ling Qingxue had already become cultivators. Song Qiming knew about it too, so there was no need to hide when Ling Qingxue visited.

Xia ruofei had considered the value of the Vermillion Jade Fruit and considered it a big favor. It could be said that he and Ling Qingxue had obtained the Vermillion Jade Fruit together, so it was only right for him to give song Qiming half of the Vermillion Jade Fruit. However, he had to at least let song Qiming know that it was a gift from Ling Qingxue together with him. At the very least, he had to let song Qiming remember Ling Qingxue's good deeds.

Of course, Xia ruofei also had his own selfish motives. He wanted to build a good relationship with song Qiming and let Ling Qingxue leave a good impression on song Qiming. In the future, if he really wanted to reveal his special relationship with Song Wei and Ling Qingxue, it would more or less be of some help.

Xia ruofei drove the Knight XV off - Road vehicle and headed straight to the Provincial Party Committee's family courtyard.
﻿
The car's license plate was also registered at the entrance. Since Song Wei was a resident of the residence, the armed police at the entrance only registered Xia ruofei and Ling Qingxue's personal information and let them through.

Xia ruofei had been to Song Wei's house many times. After they entered the courtyard, he drove the Knight XV to song Qiming's building.

With song Qiming's status, he could naturally enjoy the treatment of a single house. There were 20 to 30 such houses in the Provincial Party Committee's family compound. Each of them had a sense of history and looked a little old from the outside, but the interior decoration was very good and it was very comfortable to live in. 

Song Wei pressed her fingerprint to open the gate and stepped aside to let Xia ruofei drive the car into the courtyard.

As soon as Xia ruofei parked the car, the door of the house opened. Song Wei's mother, Fang Liyun, stuck her head out to take a look.

It turned out that when Fang Liyun heard the sound of a car engine coming from the courtyard, the engine sound of the Knight XV was very wild. She could hear it from far away, so she opened the door to check it out, wanting to know who could drive directly into her courtyard.

Fang Liyun saw Song Wei who was directing the car to reverse in the yard. She widened her eyes and ran out in her Home Slippers, "Wei Wei? Why did you come back?"

Song Wei stood there and looked at Fang Liyun with a smile, "Mom? Are you surprised? Are you surprised?"

"You little girl, why didn't you tell me you were going home?" Fang Liyun had not seen her daughter for a long time, and she was overjoyed.
﻿
Her gaze fell on the highly recognizable Knight XV off - Road vehicle. Xia ruofei and Ling Qingxue had already alighted from the two sides of the car.

"Aunt Fang!" The two of them greeted him in unison.

"RUO Fei and Qingxue are here too!" Fang Liyun said happily,"come in! Hurry up and enter the house!"

"Mom! Is my dad at home?" Song Wei asked as she held onto Fang Liyun's arm.

"I'm home! He's not very busy today, so he took the time to come back for lunch. " Fang Liyun said, "but I think he's going to work soon!"

After that, Fang Liyun turned around and shouted,"Old song! Old song! Hurry up and come out! Look who's here!"

"Why are you so noisy in the middle of the day?" Song Qiming said as he walked to the door. He looked up and was stunned."Weiwei is back?" he asked. Why didn't you say so earlier? RUO Fei and Qingxue are here too! Hurry up! Let's go inside first!"

Xia ruofei opened the trunk of the SUV and took out a suitcase. It was Song Wei's suitcase. It was just for show. Song Wei's clothes and daily necessities were all kept in the storage ring. This suitcase was taken out from the storage ring to go home.

In addition to the luggage, there were two gift bags, which contained two bottles of Drunken Eight Immortals white wine and some Cordyceps. The Cordyceps were also produced in the spirit map space, and their quality was quite good.

Xia ruofei carried his luggage in one hand and the gift bags in the other as he walked in with Song Wei and Ling Qingxue.

"Weiwei, go and help!" Fang Liyun said. How can RUO Fei carry so many things by himself?"

Xia ruofei smiled and said,"it's okay, Auntie!" The items were not heavy! I'll just carry it, it's only a few steps away!"

Fang Liyun could not help but glare at Song Wei and said, "This child, why are you so insensible?"

Song Wei smiled in embarrassment. Song Qiming did not say anything. He knew that the three young men were all cultivators. Any one of them could easily lift these things without feeling tired. 

Song Qiming could feel the power of a cultivator. After consuming the wild tea, he had reached the peak of refined Qi Level 3. After a period of cultivation, he had also successfully broken through to refined Qi Level 4. Now, he could feel that his body was much stronger, his strength had increased, and his reflexes were faster than a young man 's.

He was very confident. If it were ordinary martial artists, even four or five of them together would not be able to get close to him.

Soon, everyone entered the house together.

Xia ruofei smiled and said to song Qiming," "Uncle song, you look great! It seems that you've been in good health recently!"

Song Qiming laughed and said,"thanks to you!" It's all thanks to the health - Maintenance method you gave me. I've been practicing it recently, and I've made some progress!"

Xia ruofei had specifically warned song Qiming not to reveal anything about cultivation to Fang Liyun. Therefore, song Qiming was rather vague with Fang Liyun present. However, Xia ruofei, Song Wei, and Ling Qingxue understood it immediately.

In fact, Fang Liyun was the only one who was kept in the dark.
 