Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

3556 Song Qiming's breakthrough_1

Since even his own daughter had said so, song Qiming could not reject her kindness. He could only say," "Then I'll have to thank ruofei and Qingxue!" 

"Uncle, you're welcome." Ling Qingxue smiled and said,"I'll teach you how to recognize this storage ring as its owner!"

The usage of the storage ring was simple. Hence, Xia ruofei was happy to have some free time when Ling Qingxue took the initiative to teach song Qiming.

Soon, song Qiming recognized the storage ring as his master and tried to store and withdraw items from the ring a few times.

Like all the cultivators who obtained a storage - Type magical treasure for the first time, song Qiming was also very excited. He repeatedly tried to put things into the storage ring and then take them out.

Song Qiming smiled and said, "it's so much more convenient with this Dharma Treasure." I don't even need to bring a suitcase when I go out!"

Xia ruofei laughed and said,"cultivators have some precious items. They usually store them in Storage Treasures and carry them with them. However, storage rings are still a rare treasure in the cultivation world. For safety reasons, it's best if you keep them on you. Don't wear them directly."

Song Qiming nodded and said, "yes!" It's not convenient for me to wear a ring, but it's good to keep it on me."

Song Qiming was also a first - Class leader. He often appeared in public and appeared on the local news of Sanshan almost every day. Under such circumstances, it would be a little conspicuous to wear such a simple - looking ring.
﻿
Xia ruofei nodded with a smile. "That's right ... Uncle song, other than the storage ring, there's also half a spiritual fruit for you to consume. It's also to increase your cultivation."Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

"Dad!" Song Wei explained. RUO Fei and Qingxue found this in a secret realm. It's called the Vermillion Jade Fruit. Because of its strong medicinal properties, Qi condensation cultivators can only consume half of it at most. This half of the Vermillion Jade Fruit was specially reserved for you by RUO Fei and Qingxue."

"Thank you..." Song Qiming was touched. "You don't have to spend so many resources on me. It's good for me to cultivate slowly like this. Why don't we ... Leave this spiritual fruit to someone who needs it more!"

Xia ruofei smiled and said, "uncle song, the three of us have already taken the Vermillion Jade Fruit. We can't continue to take it." This half Vermilion Jade Fruit is most suitable for you to use. Although I still have some other cultivator friends, you're one of us!"

"Yeah!" Ling Qingxue also agreed. This is what we specially kept. RUO Fei also accepted an apprentice in Australia, so it's just right for you two to each take half."

"Alright then!" Song Qiming nodded. RUO Fei, let's go to the study!"

"Alright!" Xia ruofei stood up and said.

Although Fang Liyun had left the house, it would not take long for her to go out to buy groceries. On the other hand, song Qiming would need a long time to cultivate after consuming the Vermilion Jade Fruit. Therefore, they would definitely have to go to a relatively private place.

The study room was perfect. It was song Qiming's personal space. He was often in the study room to deal with some official business. There were also some documents in the study room, so even Fang Liyun would not go in unless it was absolutely necessary.
﻿
Xia ruofei continued. "Weiwei and Qingxue can sit here and chat for a while. They'll drink some tea. If aunt Fang comes back, you can help her cover up."

"Understood!" Ling Qingxue smiled and said, "you guys go! The two of us will protect you from the outside!"

Xia ruofei and song Qiming stood up and walked up the stairs to the study.

Song Qiming looked at Xia ruofei, who was setting up a soundproof barrier, and said emotionally," "Ruofei, the path of cultivation is really amazing! It completely subverted the world view I had for the past few decades. author updates n0velfuIIb0ok. If I didn't experience it for myself, I wouldn't have believed that such a group of people with extraordinary powers existed in this world."

Xia ruofei smiled and said, "actually, we're still in the beginning stages. Even though I've reached the Golden core stage and can ride a flying sword, I'm still a child in the eyes of the senior cultivators." A truly powerful cultivator can move mountains and seas with a wave of their hand. Their power is beyond our imagination."

"However, a skyscraper rises from the ground. The path of cultivation is long. How much beautiful scenery we can see depends on how far we can go." Xia ruofei took out the half Vermilion Jade Fruit and a crystal from the spirit map space and handed them to song Qiming.

Xia ruofei said, "uncle song, you can just consume this half of the Vermilion Jade Fruit. After that, take this crystal and start cultivating!"

"Origin crystals?" Song Qiming could feel the thick spiritual Qi that the crystal emitted.

"The concentration of spiritual Qi in origin crystals is even higher than that of spirit crystals. It's most suitable for cultivation after consuming the Vermillion Jade Fruit." Xia ruofei explained.

Song Qiming nodded, took the Vermillion Jade Fruit, and put it in his mouth.

Then, song Qiming's body trembled slightly. He quickly sat down cross-legged, held the origin crystal in his hand, and began to practice the "modest Sutra". He quickly entered a state of cultivation.

Xia ruofei sat cross-legged at the side. He did not cultivate. Instead, he released a wisp of spiritual power to observe song Qiming's condition.

Initially, Xia ruofei did not plan to give the Vermillion Jade Fruit to song Qiming so soon. However, he found out that song Qiming had already reached refined Qi Level 4. He also felt that his Foundation was very stable. If he used the Vermillion Jade Fruit now, he would be able to maximize the usage of the Vermillion Jade Fruit. Hence, Xia ruofei felt that it was better to strike while the iron was hot and let song Qiming continue to improve his cultivation.