Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

3558 Â Peaceful years (1)

Â  Â  "Thank you, Auntie! I'll do it myself!" Ling Qingxue picked up a piece of lychee and put it in her mouth. After tasting it, she gave it a thumbs up and said with a smile,"it tastes very good! Aunty, I think it's not worse than the chef of our Ling Ji restaurant!"

Â  Fang Liyun smiled and waved her hand,"You ... You're exaggerating! How can I compare to a chef! Besides, your family is an authentic three mountains restaurant, and the main dish is the local specialty. The lychee meat must be very authentic. You're just trying to make me happy!"

Â  "If you like it, eat more. Don't just drink!" Fang Liyun said happily. She even picked up some food for Xia ruofei with the common chopsticks and said,"try this Southern Fried liver. It's also a local dish of Sanshan. I just learned it!"

Â  "Alright! Thank you, Auntie!" Xia ruofei said.

Â  Everyone chatted as they ate, full of praise for Fang Liyun's cooking.

Â  Under Xia ruofei's encouragement, Song Wei and the others all toasted Fang Liyun to show their respect for the other party's chef. This made Fang Liyun feel a sense of achievement from the bottom of her heart.

Â  After dinner, Xia ruofei and Ling Qingxue stood up and left. Song Wei naturally stayed at the house.

Â  Song Wei sent the two of them out. Before they got into the car, Song Wei looked at the two of them and said,"RUO Fei, Qingxue, thank you!"

Â  Xia ruofei was slightly stunned and said,"what are you thanking me for?" You're being so formal ..."

Â  "My parents are very happy today." Song Wei smiled and said,"I'm not the only one happy to see you."

Â  "Hey! That's what we should do, isn't it?" Xia ruofei said.

Â  Ling Qingxue also smiled and said,"Wei Wei, there's no need to be so polite between us, right?" There's no point in thanking each other ... By the way, you should stay with your parents for a few days. We'll go to Peach Blossom Island for a while later!"

Â  "No problem!" Song Wei nodded. I'll keep them company for two days, then I'll go to the Peach Blossom Island and come back before the Spring Festival. "

Â  Xia ruofei nodded."Yes. I have some things to take care of at the three mountains. We'll go to Paradise Island together."

Â  Xia ruofei and Ling Qingxue left in the car while Song Wei went home.

Â  Fang Liyun was still cleaning the kitchen. Song Wei wanted to help but was rejected by Fang Liyun. She smiled and said,"Stop causing trouble! By the way, your dad went to the study and asked you to go to the study to find him when you come back. He probably wants to ask about your studies. You should go!"

Â  "Oh! Then I'll go first!" Song Wei said.

Â  She came to the study on the second floor and knocked on the door gently. VIssá»‹T n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).ğ˜¤ğ‘œğ“‚ for the best novel reading experience

Â  "Come in!" Song Qiming raised his voice.

Â  "Dad!" Song Wei pushed the door open and asked with a smile,"refined Qi Level 6?"

Â  "Thank you, Auntie! I'll do it myself!" Ling Qingxue picked up a piece of lychee and put it in her mouth. After tasting it, she gave it a thumbs up and said with a smile,"it tastes very good! Aunty, I think it's not worse than the chef of our Ling Ji restaurant!"

Â  Fang Liyun smiled and waved her hand,"You ... You're exaggerating! How can I compare to a chef! Besides, your family is an authentic three mountains restaurant, and the main dish is the local specialty. The lychee meat must be very authentic. You're just trying to make me happy!"

Â  "It's true! Auntie, I'm not lying to you!" Ling Qingxue said,"I can't say for sure if I've never tried other dishes, but you've definitely mastered the essence of this lychee meat!"

Â  The effect of praise from different people would definitely be different. Ling Qingxue's family was in the gastronomic industry, and they specialized in authentic local food. Therefore, she definitely had a say in the dish of lychee meat.

Â  Fang Liyun was so happy that she couldn't close her mouth."This is too much ... Too much ..."

Â  Song Qiming was also in a good mood. He smiled and said,""My dear, you don't have to be so modest. I've already acknowledged you when I was young. You're really talented in cooking! I think this dish of lychee meat is really the essence of local cuisine. Not to mention other things, even the lychee meat in the Provincial Party Committee's canteen doesn't taste this good!"

Â  "Old song, why are you joining in the fun ..." Fang Liyun rolled her eyes at song Qiming,"the kids are just trying to make me happy!"

Â  Xia ruofei laughed and said,"aunty Fang, don't look down on yourself!" Everyone really likes your cooking!"

Â  "If you like it, eat more. Don't just drink!" Fang Liyun said happily. She even picked up some food for Xia ruofei with the common chopsticks and said,"try this Southern Fried liver. It's also a local dish of Sanshan. I just learned it!"

Â 