Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

3560 Running to hope (1)

Xia ruofei and Ling Qingxue returned to the villa, took a shower, and lay on the bed.

Ling Qingxue gently leaned against Xia ruofei's chest and said, "That's good! Uncle song's cultivation has already reached refined Qi Level 6!"

Xia ruofei put his arm around Ling Qingxue's shoulder and said,"Qingxue, I know what you're hoping for. Actually, uncle song is the same. He's always wanted to let aunt Fang come into contact with cultivation, but uncle Ling and aunt Fang's bodies are unable to cultivate. No matter how many resources I give them, it's of no use ...

"I know ..." Ling Qingxue's expression was a little sad."This is all fate..."

Xia ruofei smiled."There's no need to be so pessimistic. If it really doesn't work, we can use the heart - concentrating grass to try and improve their physique. There will be a way anyway."

"The heart - concentrating grass grows too slowly. You can't have enough of it in a short time!" Ling Qingxue said, "besides, the heart - concentrating grass might not be effective ...

"I'm just giving an example. " Xia ruofei said, "there's no way now, but it doesn't mean that there will be no way in the future.mon0poly n0velfulIb0ok.com You've also been to the trial Pagoda, so you should know that the world of cultivation is far more than what we see. In the future, when my cultivation has a greater breakthrough, I may be able to find a better way!"

Ling Qingxue nodded and said, "Mm! I believe you! You can definitely do it!"

Xia ruofei chuckled and said,"cultivators go against the heavens.


﻿

It's not necessarily a good thing to embark on the path of cultivation." However, we can't just ignore our loved ones. Those old monsters who have been cultivating for hundreds of years might have been alone for a long time, but we are different! Our family and friends are still living in the same era as us. When I think about how these familiar people will leave this world one by one in the future and say goodbye to us forever, I'm actually feeling very stifled. So, I'll definitely think of a way to change everything.

"RUO Fei, you're carrying too much on your back ..." Ling Qingxue said softly.

"Silly girl! What nonsense are you saying!" Xia ruofei gently pinched Ling Qingxue's face and said affectionately,"it's late. Let's sleep for a while! Wake up early tomorrow to cultivate!"

"Mm! You have to cultivate with me first!" Ling Qingxue said. 

"No problem!"

...

The next day, Song Wei was at home with her parents, and Ling Qingxue had also returned home to sort things out. She had basically handed over all the company's matters to other executives, and she only retained her position as a director. She was no longer involved in the daily management of the company, so her time was more free.

After Xia ruofei had finished his morning cultivation, he was about to head out when he received a call from Feng Jing. She said that she was here to report on the changes to the Board of Directors and the general idea of the company's future operations and management. Xia ruofei didn't really want to continue managing the company's Affairs, but Feng Jing insisted on reporting to him face to face. Furthermore, she didn't let Xia ruofei go to the company but came to him directly instead. Hence, Xia ruofei couldn't reject her.

Of course, Feng Jing also lived in a townhouse in the same neighborhood, so it was quite convenient for her to come to Xia ruofei's place.

Hence, Xia ruofei waited for Feng Jing at home and used his free time to clean up the house.

When Feng Rao arrived at the door, she saw Xia ruofei dressed in loungewear and covered in dirt.

"Chairman, what are you ...". Feng Jing didn't know whether to laugh or cry when she saw Xia ruofei's face.

"I just cleaned up the place!" Xia ruofei wiped the sweat off his forehead and said with a smile, "I'll just take it as exercise ... Sister che, come in and sit!"

"You're such a rich man, yet you can't even afford a part-time helper?"Feng Rao laughed. Not to mention a part-time helper, you can even hire a full-time live - in nanny!"

"There's not much work, I can do it myself!" Xia ruofei smiled and said, "besides ... I'm not used to being served like a master!"

The two of them chatted as they walked into the living room. Xia ruofei sat by the tea table and took out tea leaves and a tea set to make tea.

Feng Jing took out a folder from her bag and said,""Chairman, don't be so busy ... I'll report first!"

Xia ruofei laughed and said,"no problem!" You report what you need to, I'm listening!"Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

"Well..." Feng Jing shook her head helplessly."Actually, the main report was about the reshuffling of the Board of Directors and the decision-making process for major matters of the company in the future. I've talked to the higher - ups in the past few days and formed this plan after absorbing their opinions. Take a look! I'm here to make tea...

"Alright!" Xia ruofei stopped and handed the rest of the work to Feng Jing."Sister Jing's tea - making skills are also very high!"

"I've only drunk a lot of tea,"Feng Rao said with a smile," I don't know much about tea ceremony. You can look at the materials first!"

"Alright!"

Xia ruofei opened the file and read it carefully. With his current level of spiritual power and brain development, he might be able to memorize the main content with just a glance, but he couldn't flip the pages too quickly. Otherwise, Feng Jing would think that he was being perfunctory.

Hence, Xia ruofei slowly flipped through the pages.

Xia ruofei and Ling Qingxue returned to the villa, took a shower, and lay on the bed.

Ling Qingxue gently leaned against Xia ruofei's chest and said, "That's good! Uncle song's cultivation has already reached refined Qi Level 6!"
 