Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 357: An orchid in an empty valley (1)

The main exhibition area was the basketball stadium, where the booths of several famous universities in the province were concentrated. There were also some exhibition areas on the periphery. Objectively speaking, the quality of the flowers to be exhibited was relatively poor, so the evaluation committee evaluated very quickly. Everyone knew that the main event was the few booths in the basketball Hall. “Mr. Xia, this Mo Lan ...” Xia Cheng leaned over and said. Xia ruofei looked at the pot of Mo Lan that was still covered by the black plastic cloth and smiled.””There’s no hurry. The evaluation committee hasn’t arrived yet, right?” After he finished speaking, Xia ruofei looked at the booth opposite him with a half – Smile. On the other side, Chen Song was standing next to Meng Zhou, the president of Agricultural University’s gardening club. His eyes glanced over from time to time, and he was also whispering something to Meng Zhou. Meng Zhou also looked over with a disapproving expression. Xia Cheng also noticed Chen Song and Meng Zhou. He saw that Agricultural University’s yang family’s Lotus was also not covered, so he did not say anything. After a while, a group of people escorted a white – haired old man over. There were more than a dozen people in this group, and about ten of them had blue passes hanging on their necks, which was the symbol of the conference’s judges. The few people accompanying them were the leaders of Agricultural University. Nowadays, the influence of the flower Fair was growing day by day, and the University of Agriculture and Forestry attached great importance to it. All kinds of resources were allocated to it, and the huge Stadium was directly cleared for the venue of the flower Fair. The school leaders were also experts who personally accompanied the evaluation committee. “Big brother Xia, that man is the president of the southeast flower association, Chen dongbai.” Jiang Yue whispered to Xia ruofei,”the other teachers are all famous teachers in the provincial flower and flower department.” Xia ruofei looked over. Jiang Yue was talking about the silver – haired old man. This was president Chen, who was dressed in a navy blue tang suit. He had a faint smile on his face and was talking to the people around him. He seemed to have an otherworldly demeanor. After visiting Dongnan Normal University’s booth, they went straight to the host ‘s, Xuanji Agriculture and Forestry University’s booth. Meng Zhou, the president of Agricultural University’s gardening club, immediately greeted them with a smile and very politely asked the judging panel to evaluate the progress. Chen Song, who was standing beside Meng Zhou, immediately removed the plastic cloth covering the pot of yang – style Lotus. This pot of Yang’s pure lotus that Chen Song had praised to the heavens had finally revealed its true appearance. On the other side, the students of the gardening club of Sanshan University could not help but look at the performance of the pot of yang suhe Chengcheng. It was related to whether or not Sanshan University could win this time. Moreover, Xia ruofei had just made a bet with Chen Song. Although the bet had nothing to do with them, if they lost, it would be the gardening club of Sanshan University who would lose face! Even Xia ruofei couldn’t help but turn to look. The Yang – style plain lotus leaves were thick and curved like a bow. The short and round flower stem was covered with White Moss and emerald green vein – like patterns, and in the clamshell – like double clasps was a white and pure big round tongue, which was indeed beautiful. However, everyone only caught a glimpse of it, because the booth of the pot of yang – style plain Lotus was soon surrounded by judges, blocking their line of sight. Listening to the judges ‘praises, Xia Cheng’s expression turned ugly. Lu You and Jiang Yue also showed a hint of worry. The other students of the horticultural church were even more worried and couldn’t help but look at Xia ruofei. Xia ruofei still looked relaxed. He stood up and said,””Since it’s impossible to change the flowers on the opposite side, we should let out our potted flower to get some air ...” With that, Xia ruofei pulled the black plastic cloth off the pot of orchids. Xia Cheng and the others were stunned. It turned out that Xia ruofei had been unwilling to remove Mo Lan’s cover, not because he was trying to be mysterious, but because he was worried that the other party would change the flowers for the exhibition! Was he really that confident? Of course, this thought was also fleeting, because everyone subconsciously focused their attention on the pot of Mo Lan that they had just seen three days ago. The three mountains University’s booth fell silent in an instant. Xia Cheng, Lu You, Jiang Yue, and all the students from the gardening club at the booth were so shocked that their mouths were wide open. Their eyes were fixed on the pot of jade lion Mo Lan, and their eyes were filled with shock. Compared to three days ago, this pot of orchid had changed too much. First of all, the most obvious change was that the Molan seemed to have grown a lot. This was also the most obvious change. Whether it was the width of the leaves, the length, or the size of the entire pot of flowers, they all seemed to have grown bigger. Three days was a very short period of time for the growth of flowers, so how could there be such an obvious change? Could it be that Xia ruofei had watered this pot of flowers with a stimulant? Of course, everyone quickly denied their absurd thoughts. How could there be any stimulants that could promote Yingying’s growth? Even if there was, it was impossible to have such an immediate effect. Could it be that Xia ruofei knew Celestial Arts? In addition, after taking a closer look, everyone realized that apart from the sudden growth of a large circle, the pot of orchid’s otherworldly and Noble temperament seemed to be even more obvious. Whether it was the refreshing green leaves or the unique flowers of the Jade lion, they all had a kind of moving beauty. The poem “where does the fragrance of the room come from? the four walls are empty valleys” appeared in almost everyone’s mind. The faint fragrance came from time to time. They were clearly in a noisy Stadium, but everyone had the illusion that they were in an empty Valley enjoying the orchids.VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience