Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3562: Cultivation on the immortal Island (1)

Translator: 549690339

Xia ruofei stayed at the three mountains for two days. On the evening of the third day, he gathered Song Wei, Ling Qingxue, and Zheng Yongshou at the jiangbin villa district.

The matters here were almost settled, mainly regarding the peach blossom company. With Zheng Yongshou in charge of some specific matters, Xia ruofei could focus more on cultivation.

The Spring Festival would be in half a month. Xia ruofei decided to head to the Paradise Island today and cultivate in peace. He would bring everyone back to the three mountains a day or two before the new year.

After having dinner at the jiangbin villa, Xia ruofei and the others went to the balcony on the top floor of the villa in the dark.

Xia ruofei took out the black Phoenix flying ship and activated the concealment talisman. Then, he threw the Flying Ship out. The black Phoenix flying ship rapidly expanded in everyone’s line of sight. However, ordinary people were completely unable to detect its existence.

The black Phoenix flying ship was hovering right next to the terrace, and it was only slightly higher than the terrace.

“Let’s go!”Xia ruofei said with a smile.

With that, he took the lead and jumped onto the black Phoenix flying ship.

Song Wei and the other two followed suit.

Xia ruofei activated the flying boat with his spiritual power.

The black Phoenix flying ship began to rise slowly, and its speed was getting faster and faster. In just a short while, it had reached an altitude of a thousand meters.

Below them were the lights of thousands of houses on the three mountains. The flying boat took off from the jiangbin villa community, so at this time, looking down from the deck, one could clearly see the brightly lit cruise ship slowly cruising on the min River that passed through the city.

Xia ruofei used his spiritual power to control the flying boat and accelerated towards the sea. At the same time, it was constantly rising in altitude.

The black Phoenix flying ship transformed into a stream of light in the blink of an eye and disappeared into the sky.

On the deck of the airboat, Xia ruofei smiled and said,””Everyone, go rest in the cabin! Today’s flight is about two and a half hours. You can also cultivate to kill some time.”

The black Phoenix flying ship was protected by an extremely stable defensive barrier, so one would not feel the slightest bit of wind even if they were standing on the deck. However, the entire flight was basically over the ocean, and there was not much scenery to see at night. On the contrary, it was very boring on the deck of the airboat.

Xia ruofei led everyone into the cabin.

The black Phoenix flying ship was much larger than the first heaven society’s Blue water flying ship. It had a spacious interior. Other than the control room, there were more than ten independent cabins. Hence, Xia ruofei let everyone choose a cabin to cultivate in. He himself sat cross – legged in the control room, cultivating and monitoring the Flying Ship’s condition.

The journey was uneventful and smooth. In fact, with the black Phoenix flying ship’s speed, even if someone wanted to kill them along the way, they would not be able to do so. Xia ruofei had always used a trace of his mind power to monitor the situation ahead. If there was an ambush, he only needed to change his direction slightly and the enemy would not be able to catch up.

Besides, in the current cultivation world, other than Chen Nanfeng, it was hard to find anyone stronger than Xia ruofei.

Even if it was Chen Nanfeng, Xia ruofei was confident that he could deal with him for a long time.

Moreover, Chen Nanfeng was alone. If there were hundreds or even thousands of Chen Nanfeng’s level experts ambushing Xia ruofei, he would most likely be in danger. Otherwise, with the speed of the black Phoenix flying ship, Xia ruofei would be in an invincible position.

At around 10 pm, the black Phoenix flying ship was already approaching Peach Blossom Island.

It was around 1:30 pm local time. Song Wei, Ling Qingxue, and Zheng Yongshou all stopped their cultivation and went to the control room.

Xia ruofei controlled the flying boat and cut in from the southeast corner of the Peach Blossom Island. He skillfully contacted the core of the Taixu xuanqing formation, and the black – armored flying boat flew directly into the range of the formation without any hindrance. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

In the blink of an eye, the airboat had already arrived at the top of Yanhuang building.

Xia ruofei had contacted Li Yifu once before he left, so Li Yifu had been waiting on the rooftop for a long time.

The black Phoenix flying ship slowed down and slowly descended, finally stopping about two meters above the rooftop.

Xia ruofei was the first to jump out of the flying boat and stood firmly on the rooftop.

Li Yifu came forward and bowed respectfully.””Senior granduncle!”

At the same time, Song Wei, Ling Qingxue, and Zheng Yongshou also jumped off the flying boat.

Li Yifu quickly greeted Song Wei and Ling Qingxue, his two martial grandmothers.

Zheng Yongshou didn’t dare to be neglectful and quickly came forward to greet Li Yifu.

Zheng Yongshou knew very well that although Xia ruofei was gentle and did not treat him and Luo Qingfeng as slaves, he also knew that in Xia ruofei’s heart, Yifu li was one of his own, while he and Luo Qingfeng were still separated by a layer. It was because of the soul seal that Xia ruofei trusted him unconditionally.

Therefore, Zheng Yongshou didn’t dare to neglect Li Yifu.

Moreover, Zheng Yongshou used to have a psychological advantage over Li Yifu, but now Li Yifu’s cultivation was rising rapidly. He heard that Li Yifu was already at the peak of lianqi level 9 and could break through to the Golden core stage at any time. On the other hand, after being subdued by Xia ruofei, Zheng Yongshou’s improvement was far from Li Yifu’s, even though he had received some resources. He was only lianqi level 8 now.

Xia ruofei smiled and nodded at Li Yifu, then kept the black Phoenix flying ship into the spirit map space.

“Foster husband, is Qingfeng still in seclusion?” Xia ruofei asked as he walked towards the staircase..