Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

3564 Firmly grasped_1

On the sixth day of his arrival on Peach Blossom Island, Xia ruofei finally walked out of the suite.

This was because he felt a surge of energy rising from the building. He scanned the building with his spiritual power and was overjoyed to see that Luo Qingfeng had broken through to the mid - Stage golden core realm.

As soon as Xia ruofei walked out of the elevator, he saw Luo Qingfeng coming out of his room with a happy face.

The moment Luo Qingfeng saw Xia ruofei, he knelt down in front of Xia ruofei without hesitation and said in a trembling voice," "Master! I've finally broken through to the middle jiedan stage! This subordinate will never forget master's grace of rebirth!"

Xia ruofei had a faint smile on his face.""Get up! You're also a master of the middle jiedan stage now, how can you kneel down so easily?"

Luo Qingfeng knelt on the ground and said respectfully," "It is all thanks to master's guidance that this subordinate is where I am today! Not to mention the middle jiedan stage, even the middle Yuanying stage should kneel before master!"

"It's fine as long as you have the heart. " Xia ruofei said indifferently," get up first! You've just made a breakthrough, so you should be in seclusion to consolidate your cultivation. Why did you come out in such a hurry?"

Luo Qingfeng stood up, put his hands down in front of Xia ruofei, and said," "Master, I wanted to report this good news to you as soon as possible!"

Xia ruofei smiled and said, "I'll know when you've broken through. Why did you have to come out and tell me?" Hurry up and continue to consolidate your cultivation! The most important thing to do after breaking through is to consolidate your cultivation. Don't let anything happen!"

"As you command! Master!" "Yes!" Qingfeng Luo said respectfully.

"By the way, what's your next step?" Xia ruofei asked again,"do you want to continue cultivating on the Peach Blossom Island or return to the star Seizer sect?" 

Luo Qingfeng could not help but look hesitant.

In his heart, he was naturally very willing to cultivate on the Paradise Island. The cultivation environment here was simply too alluring.

If it was the cultivation world before the deterioration of the cultivation environment, the cultivators might not have felt it so clearly. 0fficial website n0veIfuIlbo0k.com However, Luo Qingfeng had just experienced the entire process of the deterioration of the cultivation environment. It could be said that he had gone through a lot of hardships to barely break through to the early - Stage golden core.

Now that he had suddenly discovered such a superior cultivation environment, it was like a person who had been hungry for a few days suddenly seeing a table full of delicious food. He definitely couldn't wait to eat.

However, he was the sect master of the star Seizer sect, and this identity made it impossible for him to stay on the Peach Blossom Island forever. He didn't want to give up control of a sect so easily. On the other hand, he felt that Xia ruofei needed the star Seizer sect, and he had an obligation to help Xia ruofei manage the sect.

So, after some thought, he said,""Master, I'll return to the star Seizer sect after I consolidate my cultivation!"

Xia ruofei thought for a while and nodded.""It's good that you're going back to take charge of the situation. The star Seizer sect﻿ needs you to take charge. Now that you've broken through to the mid - Aurous core stage, you can also make a timely announcement in the cultivation world and let people see your strength!"

Sometimes, a high-end cultivator could determine the overall strength of an entire sect. A sect with a middle - Stage golden core cultivator and a sect with only an early - Stage golden core cultivator, or even one without a golden core cultivator, were on completely different levels.

Luo Qingfeng nodded and said," When I return to the sect, I'll make a public appearance or invite my good friends in the cultivation world to the star Seizer sect as guests to celebrate my breakthrough to the intermediate golden core stage!"

"En!" Xia ruofei nodded and said,"you can think about how to do it yourself. Alright, hurry up and consolidate your cultivation! I'm going back to cultivate too!"

"Farewell, master!" Luo Qingfeng bowed and said.

When the elevator door closed, Luo Qingfeng returned to his room and continued to consolidate his cultivation.

Xia ruofei was very pleased that Luo Qingfeng had broken through to the intermediate stage of the Golden core realm.

It was no exaggeration to say that he had single-handedly created Luo Qingfeng, who was in the intermediate stage of the Golden core realm.

Without Xia ruofei, Luo Qingfeng might not have been able to reach his current level in his life.

Pushing Luo Qingfeng's cultivation to a higher level was the most successful time Xia ruofei had guided a cultivator around him since he started on the path of cultivation.

Xia ruofei returned to her room. Song Wei and Ling Qingxue had also left their room and were conversing in the living room.
﻿
When they saw Xia ruofei return to the house, Ling Qingxue could not help but smile and ask," "RUO Fei, why did you run out in a hurry? Could it be that someone is attacking the Peach Blossom Island?"

Song Wei could not help but smile. Of course, she knew that Ling Qingxue was joking. They had heard about the defense of Paradise Island from Xia ruofei. In the current cultivation world, it could be said to be impregnable. There were basically no safety concerns.

"It's Luo Qingfeng, Xia ruofei said with a smile."He has just broken through to the intermediate stage of the Golden core realm!"

"Mid - Stage golden core!" Song Wei and Ling Qingxue both cried out in unison, their expressions full of shock.

Luo Qingfeng's breakthrough was not surprising. They were just surprised at the speed of his breakthrough.

"The allheaven formation has played a very important role." Xia ruofei said,"that's why the cultivation environment on Peach Blossom Island is really unique. You guys have to work hard too!"

It was relatively easy to improve in the Qi refining stage. Song Wei and Ling Qingxue were both at Qi refining stage level 7. Although they had just broken through, if they really focused on cultivation, Qi refining stage level 8 was not far away.
 VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience