Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

3565 Firmly controlled_2

For them, the only difficulty was the bottleneck of the Aurous core stage.

Of course, compared to Li Yifu, it would be easier for Song Wei and Ling Qingxue to break through to the Golden core stage.

After all, the two of them were much younger than Li Yifu, and the resources they received were also better than Li Yifu 's. Not to mention other things, just the fact that their spiritual power realm had advanced by leaps and bounds by relying on the Topaz essence alone could greatly reduce the difficulty of their cultivation and breakthrough.

Song Wei nodded and said, "we have to work hard!" We have to return to the three mountains before the Spring Festival. Even if we can't break through to refined Qi level 8 before we leave the peach source Island, we should at least touch the bottleneck!"

"Mm! Then for the next week, we'll increase our joint cultivation time by an hour every day!" Ling Qingxue said.

"It can't be?" Xia ruofei said with a bitter face, "aren't you afraid that I'll be exhausted to death?"

Now, Xia ruofei had to spend three to four hours a day to practice joint cultivation with Song Wei and Ling Qingxue. If each of them had an extra hour, Xia ruofei would have to spend five to six hours on joint cultivation.

One must know that the spirit body combined cultivation was of little help to Xia ruofei. After all, the difference in cultivation between him, Song Wei, and Ling Qingxue was too big. These five to six hours were basically of no use to Xia ruofei in improving his cultivation.

Song Wei pursed her lips and smiled,"Qingxue, increasing the time spent on joint cultivation might affect RUO Fei's cultivation. It's better if we increase the time spent on our own!" It's fine to sleep less at night."

Ling Qingxue thought for a moment and said, "that makes sense!" We can't affect RUO Fei's cultivation ... Let's use a time formation! This way, it won't delay RUO Fei's own cultivation time!"

"That's a good idea!"Song Wei's eyes lit up. In this way, RUO Fei's cultivation time can be guaranteed, and we have more time to carry out spirit body joint cultivation! My cultivation will definitely improve even faster!"

Xia ruofei looked helpless."I'm not talking about the time. My two grandaunts, it's very tiring to cultivate together, okay?"

Ling Qingxue rolled her eyes at Xia ruofei and said, "I clearly feel that you're enjoying it!"

Ling Qingxue and Song Wei blushed at the same time. The charming scene of spirit body joint cultivation suddenly appeared in front of the two of them.

The intimate contact at the spirit body level, the joy that seeped deep into the bone, was really hard to describe in words. Even if they were all seriously cultivating, they could still clearly remember the feeling of joint cultivation.Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Xia ruofei glanced at Ling Qingxue and said,""Qingxue, I didn't agree! You've already made arrangements for me?"

Ling Qingxue glanced at Xia ruofei and said, ""You don't agree, so what? Objection Overruled! Otherwise, we'll vote! The minority is subordinate to the majority!"

Song Wei burst out laughing.

There were only three of them here, and they were on the same side. Xia ruofei would not be able to win the vote alone.
﻿
Xia ruofei said,"don't give me that!" I'm not going to vote! It's not impossible to increase the time of our joint cultivation, and it's also not a problem to use the time array, but I can't just put in so much effort for nothing, right? So I have a condition!"

"What condition?" Ling Qingxue asked warily.

"The conditions aren't hard to fulfill." Xia ruofei smiled and said,"from today on, the three of us will sleep together at night. I don't want to be alone every day!"

That's right. Ever since they stepped onto the Peach Blossom Island, other than the time when they were cultivating with Xia ruofei's spirit body, Song Wei and Ling Qingxue had spent most of their time in the same room. Xia ruofei, on the other hand, was shut out of the room by them every night.official website noveIfuIlb00k He had to stay with his two beautiful girlfriends while he slept in his own room for six days.

Song Wei and Ling Qingxue blushed when they heard Xia ruofei's conditions.

"No!" Ling Qingxue said. No! Change your conditions!"

"I only have this condition!" Xia ruofei said, "if you guys agree, then we can talk about the joint cultivation time. If you guys don't ... Then there's no room for discussion!"

Song Wei glanced at Xia ruofei and looked away. She said, "RUO Fei, how about... We each accompany you a day?"

"Weiwei .." Ling Qingxue quickly said,"why did you compromise so easily?"

"I'm just trying to negotiate with RUO Fei." Song Wei said softly,"I didn't agree to accompany him!"

Ling Qingxue didn't know whether to laugh or cry. Xia ruofei, on the other hand, said with a smile," "Wei Wei, this isn't the first time the three of us have slept together. We're an old couple, what's there to be shy about?"
﻿
"No! I ..."Song Wei felt that she couldn't explain herself even if she had a mouth.

Xia ruofei continued,"Qingxue, don't glare at me. You guys were the ones who ignored me first. I'm just resisting under pressure!" In any case, my conditions are right here. If you agree, then it's not impossible for us to cultivate together for a longer period of time. But if you don't agree, then ... Perhaps we can't even guarantee the current time of our joint cultivation!"

"You ..." Ling Qingxue couldn't help but be angry."How can you be so shameless?"

"AI! "I'm not being shameless. I'm just helpless ..."Xia ruofei said with an exaggerated expression.

"You don't ..."

"Qingxue!" "Let's discuss this first ..." Song Wei said, following Ling Qingxue's words.
 