Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

3566 Firmly controlled_3

Xia ruofei spread his hands and said,"sure!" I'm going back to my room to cultivate! You guys can discuss it slowly! Sigh... Luo Qingfeng's cultivation level is almost catching up to mine, and my adopted husband is about to break through to the Golden core stage. I'm under a lot of pressure! If he didn't work hard, he would be overtaken by them! No, no, I have to hurry up and cultivate ....." 

With that, Xia ruofei returned to his room.

Ling Qingxue was so angry that she stomped her feet. She pointed at Xia ruofei's room and said to Song Wei," "Wei Wei, he did it on purpose!"

Song Wei pursed her lips and laughed,"we do need to work hard in our cultivation!" I also feel a sense of urgency! From this point of view, RUO Fei is right ..."

"I'm not talking about that!" Ling Qingxue said,"didn't we discuss that we would leave him hanging for a while? Otherwise, we don't know when this guy will give us another sister! Why are you suddenly siding with an outsider?"

"I didn't!" Song Wei smiled bitterly."I didn't agree to his conditions ... Besides ... I didn't really agree when you suggested it! "At least from the current situation, there is nothing between RUO Fei and Lu You. He did not expose his identity as a cultivator in front of Lu You and even strictly ordered the water Yuan sect to keep it a secret. This shows that he has no other thoughts and just helped Lu You in passing. As a friend, it is only right to help her when she is in trouble!"

"Aren't we just preparing for a rainy day?" Ling Qingxue didn't have much confidence either."Forget it, let's not talk about this! Now, this guy is threatening us with our joint cultivation time. What should we do?"
﻿
"What else can we do?" Song Wei laughed. Just agree to it!" 

"Ah?"

"What do you mean" ah "?" Song Wei smiled and said,"don't you want to do that with RUO Fei? I don't know if you're punishing yourself or RUO Fei ...

"I'm going to kill you!" Ling Qingxue's face turned red as she hit song Wei."Weiwei, I realize that you're getting more and more shameless. How could you say such things .."

"Isn't this because of your influence?" Song Wei laughed and said," you're right! Just think about it! Anyway, RUO Fei has us in his hands. What can you do?"

"Then ... Then we're just going to let him off so easily?" Ling Qingxue said.

"If you have the ambition, then don't cultivate together. Work hard and rely on cultivating the" nichang Heart Sutra "to break through!" Song Wei smiled and said,"that's not a bad idea!"

The "nichang Heart Sutra" was another cultivation technique that Xia ruofei had chosen for the two of them. It was mainly for them to use when they were cultivating alone.Everyone please go to our 0fficial website n0velfuIIb0ok.com Although this cultivation technique was quite good, in terms of cultivation efficiency, it was still a little inferior to the spirit body combined cultivation.

If he had not spent time with Xia ruofei in the past, cultivating the 'nichang Heart Sutra' would be good. However, in this situation, it was obvious that the best choice was to cultivate with the spirit body. The 'nichang Heart Sutra' seemed to be of little value.

Thus, Ling Qingxue said without hesitation," "I don't want to! Isn't that giving up what's near and seeking what's far?"

"So... You're agreeing?" Song Wei asked with a half - Smile.

Ling Qingxue pouted and said,"alright!" I'll let him off this time!"
﻿
"Sure!" Song Wei laughed. I'll go get RUO Fei ..."

Before Song Wei could finish her sentence, Xia ruofei's room door was opened. He walked out with a smile and said,""No need to shout! I'm coming!"
 