Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3567: Chinese New Year (1)

Translator: 549690339

In the next few days, Xia ruofei’s days of cultivation were finally not so boring.

Although he spent more time on the spirit body joint cultivation every day, because he used the time array, his own cultivation time was not affected. Instead, he had a lot more time.

Of course, the extra time could not be wasted. Hence, Xia ruofei was very busy every night.

In the beginning, Song Wei and Ling Qingxue could not let go of this. However, after a few days, the two of them gradually became more and more excited. Xia ruofei, on the other hand, was so happy that he had forgotten about his home.

Other than the day when Luo Qingfeng had finished consolidating his cultivation and was preparing to return to the star Seizer sect on his flying sword, Xia ruofei had gone out and personally sent off his most capable subordinate. The rest of the time, he had been staying in the luxurious suite with his two girlfriends.

Seven days passed in the blink of an eye.

Song Wei and Ling Qingxue’s cultivation improved by leaps and bounds every day. After more than ten days, the two of them had actually touched the bottleneck of refined Qi level 8.

As Xia ruofei’s cultivation level increased, the effect of the combined spirit and body cultivation improved.

Xia ruofei’s own cultivation had also improved greatly. Other golden core cultivators could not even imagine him using purple origin crystals to cultivate without caring about the cost.

In fact, Xia ruofei did not know that even during the peak of the cultivation world, only the geniuses of the big sects could enjoy such treatment.

Hence, after more than ten days of cultivation, although Xia ruofei did not show any signs of breaking through to the advanced stage of the Golden elixir realm, he had improved a lot compared to when he had just broken through in the trial Pagoda. His Foundation was also extremely solid.

Xia ruofei, Song Wei, and Ling Qingxue all wished to continue cultivating like this, but they still had to leave for a while.

It was because the Spring Festival was in two days.

It was New Year’s Eve tomorrow, so both Song Wei and Ling Qingxue had to spend it with their families.

On Xia ruofei’s side, although his own family was no longer around, his godmother, Lin Qiao, and many friends were still at the three mountains.

The Spring Festival was definitely the most important Festival for Chinese people.

Hence, Xia ruofei decided to make a trip back to the three mountains.

He also considered whether Li Yifu needed to go back to the United States for the Spring Festival. After all, although Li Yifu had no children, he still had nephews, nieces, and other younger generations. Now that they were all living in the U.S., They would definitely want Li Yifu to go back home.

Xia ruofei had already made preparations to let Zheng Yongshou take charge of the Peach Blossom Island.

Zheng Yongshou’s array Dao level was not bad, and he had also learned the basic control of the Taixu xuanqing formation, so there was no problem for him to stay and guard the Peach Blossom Island.

Moreover, Zheng Yongshou was already all alone, and he was currently cultivating on the Paradise Island, so there was no need to specially transfer him over.

However, when Xia ruofei asked for Li Yifu’s opinion, Li Yifu unexpectedly said that he would not be going back for the new year.

Li Yifu had already started to break through the bottleneck of the Golden core stage. In the past few days, he felt that the hope of breaking through was getting greater and greater. He was preparing to strike while the iron was hot and go into seclusion for a period of time. Therefore, even though the Spring Festival was a very important Festival, he did not want to delay his cultivation because of it.

Naturally, Xia ruofei would respect and support Li Yifu’s decision.

And he still let Zheng Yongshou stay.

Zheng Yongshou had just finished dealing with the trivial matters at the peach blossom company. He could at least return to the three mountains after the Lantern Festival. There was still enough time.

If Zheng Yongshou stayed on the Peach Blossom Island, Li Yifu would be able to break through in seclusion without any distractions.

Zheng Yongshou naturally obeyed Xia ruofei’s decision. After experiencing the effects of the Taixu xuanqing formation and Luotian formation, Zheng Yongshou couldn’t stop. He couldn’t wait to spend every second in the Yanhuang building. He didn’t want to waste a single second. Therefore, he happily accepted the task Xia ruofei gave him.

After the arrangements on the peach source Island were made, Xia ruofei and the other two were ready to return to the three mountains.

Li Yifu and Zheng Yongshou sent the three of them to the rooftop of the Yanhuang building.

Xia ruofei released the black Phoenix flying ship, then turned around and smiled at Li Yifu.””Foster husband, since you’re not planning to go back for the new year, then you should peacefully cultivate in seclusion on the Paradise Island. Leave the other trivial matters to old man Zheng to handle, including the safety of the Paradise Island, the control of the array formation, and so on. You don’t have to worry about them and just focus on cultivating!” Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

“Alright! Thank you for your care, martial granduncle!” Li Yifu said respectfully.

Xia ruofei waved his hand and said,””I hope I can hear the good news of your breakthrough the next time I come.”

“This disciple will definitely do his best!” Li Yifu said.

Xia ruofei chuckled.”You don’t have to force yourself. Cultivation is also about natural success. The more solid the foundation, the easier and safer the breakthrough will be.” If things didn’t work out, he must not force a breakthrough! If you really can’t break through, don’t be anxious. When I return to the Peach Blossom Island, I can protect you, which will be safer!” “This disciple will remember!” Li Yifu said,”don’t worry, senior granduncle. Although I am eager to break through to the Golden core stage, I will not force myself!”

“Mm! It’s good that you know what you’re doing!” Xia ruofei nodded and said. Then, he turned to Zheng Yongshou and said,”elder Zheng, you’ll have to work harder while I’m in seclusion. You must ensure the safety of the island. You must patrol the entire Island every day.. This is our Foundation, and we can’t afford to lose it!”