Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3582: Quick handling (2)

Translator: 549690339

On the morning of the fourth day of the Lunar New Year, Xia ruofei was playing games on the big TV in the living room on the first floor. His phone on the coffee table rang.

Xia ruofei paused the game and took a look at his phone. It was a call from Xue Jinshan.

Xia ruofei knew that it had been two days. The investigation in Jiangying village should be almost done. Xue Jinshan should have called to report to him.

So, he swiped his phone and answered the call.

“Kanayama, what’s the matter?” Xia Xia ruofei asked indifferently.

“President Xia, regarding the matter of Jiangying village, there are preliminary investigation results. 1 just wanted to report to you today.” Xue Jinshan said respectfully,”! wonder if it’s convenient for you now?”

“You say it!” Xia ruofei said.

“Alright!” Xue Jinshan quickly said,”President Xia, according to the police’s investigation, there is indeed a problem with Jiangying village misappropriating the land circulation fund that we have paid in advance. There are two main people involved in the case. The mastermind is the village Secretary, Jiang Dahua. The other accomplice, Jiang Xiaofeng, was also dragged into the water by Jiang Dahua to help him retain the funds.”

As Xue Jinshan said this, he felt a little guilty,”President Xia, it’s all my negligence that caused this to happen. I request the company to punish me!” “Now isn’t the time to pursue responsibility.” Xia ruofei said calmly,”since you’ve investigated it, how did you handle the situation at Changping District?” “The attitude of the county leaders is very clear. They want to investigate to the end and will not tolerate it!” Xue Jinshan said,”so, after the basic investigation of the case is clear, the county has issued preliminary opinions on the case. First, naturally, Jiang Dahua and Jiang Xiaofeng will be relieved of all duties. Any crimes involved will be quickly sent to the judicial authorities to deal with. Now that Jiang Dahua and Jiang Xiaofeng had been detained, the investigators of the county Procuratorate had also been involved. The evidence collection work was being carried out in an orderly manner. After a thorough investigation and solid evidence, they would be prosecuted! After all, the amount involved in this case is large, and our company’s Legal Affairs believe that the mastermind, Jiang Dahua, should be sentenced to no less than ten years in prison, so he deserved it!”

“Mm! This kind of person deserves to die. A few years in prison is already letting him off easy!” Xia ruofei said.

“Yes, yes, yes! A parasite like Jiang Dahua should be arrested and interrogated properly. 1 think he must have more than one problem!” Xue Jinshan said,”when the time comes, he will be punished for several crimes. Perhaps his sentence will be even higher!”

Xia ruofei said,”let’s not talk about him for now. Let’s talk about the Chinese medicine plantation project!” Have you recovered the land circulation fees that were used? Is the follow – up work affected?”

“President Xia, although Jiang Dahua transferred the money to his relatives who lent money to the public, he didn’t have time to lend out much of the money. With the timely intervention of the public security Agency, most of the money was recovered.” Xue Jinshan replied,”there are about 500000 Yuan. We can’t get it back for the time being. “However, Jiang Dahua and his relative who lent us the money all have some assets. They also bought houses in San Shan city, so when the court makes the decision, we can still apply for enforcement. We won’t suffer any losses.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Xia ruofei nodded and said,”that’s good.” However, 500,000 Yuan was still a gap! How are you going to deal with this?”

“President Xia, my opinion is … We will put in another 500000 Yuan and give the full amount of the land transfer fund to the villagers first.” Xue Jinshan said,”as for the gap of 500000 Yuan, we’ll just wait for the court’s decision and then get the money back to make up for it.”

Xia ruofei thought for a while and said,”sure!” It wasn’t much money, so it wasn’t a big problem. However, this time, we must ensure that the funds are distributed to the villagers in full. We can’t allow anyone to fill their own pockets!”

“Understood!” Xue Jinshan quickly said,”we have already sent a specialized financial staff to Jiangying village. On one hand, it is to supervise this sum of money. On the other hand, it is also to make some preparations for the villagers to participate in this project in the future. When the time comes, the exchange of funds will be more frequent. With a professional to oversee it, we can be more at ease!”

After saying this, Xue Jinshan immediately added,”By the way, we also asked the county to strictly follow the procedures and select upright and prestigious cadres to serve as the village party secretary. It must be ensured that similar problems will not occur again, otherwise, we are likely to withdraw our funds!” “Well done!” Xia ruofei said indifferently,”Jinshan, you have to learn your lesson in the future. You have to prioritize your work. However, no matter how urgent the work is, you can’t mess up the order. You must not miss out on the necessary procedures!”

“Understood!” Xue Jinshan said,”director Xia, I will definitely learn my lesson and report the entire incident to the company. 1 will ask for punishment!”

“The attitude of the county leaders is very clear. They want to investigate to the end and will not tolerate it!” Xue Jinshan said,”so, after the basic investigation of the case is clear, the county has issued preliminary opinions on the case. First, naturally, Jiang Dahua and Jiang Xiaofeng will be relieved of all duties. Any crimes involved will be quickly sent to the judicial authorities to deal with. Now that Jiang Dahua and Jiang Xiaofeng had been detained, the investigators of the county Procuratorate had also been involved. The evidence collection work was being carried out in an orderly manner. After a thorough investigation and solid evidence, they would be prosecuted! After all, the amount involved in this case is large, and our company’s Legal Affairs believe that the mastermind, Jiang Dahua, should be sentenced to no less than ten years in prison, so he deserved it!” “Mm! This kind of person deserves to die. A few years in prison is already letting him off easy!” Xia ruofei said.

“Yes, yes, yes! A parasite like Jiang Dahua should be arrested and interrogated properly. 1 think he must have more than one problem!” Xue Jinshan said,”when the time comes, he will be punished for several crimes. Perhaps his sentence will be even higher!”

Xia ruofei said,”let’s not talk about him for now. Let’s talk about the Chinese medicine plantation project!” Have you recovered the land circulation fees that were used? Is the follow – up work affected?”

“President Xia, although Jiang Dahua transferred the money to his relatives who lent money to the public, he didn’t have time to lend out much of the money. With the timely intervention of the public security Agency, most of the money was recovered.” Xue Jinshan replied,”there are about 500000 Yuan. We can’t get it back for the time being. “However, Jiang Dahua and his relative who lent us the money all have some assets. They also bought houses in San Shan city, so when the court makes the decision, we can still apply for enforcement. We won’t suffer any losses.”

Xia ruofei nodded and said,”that’s good.” However, 500,000 Yuan was still a gap! How are you going to deal with this?”

“President Xia, my opinion is … We will put in another 500000 Yuan and give the full amount of the land transfer fund to the villagers first.” Xue Jinshan said,”as for the gap of 500000 Yuan, we’ll just wait for the court’s decision and then get the money back to make up for it.”

Xia ruofei thought for a while and said,”sure!” It wasn’t much money, so it wasn’t a big problem. However, this time, we must ensure that the funds are distributed to the villagers in full. We can’t allow anyone to fill their own pockets!”

“Understood!” Xue Jinshan quickly said,”we have already sent a specialized financial staff to Jiangying village. On one hand, it is to supervise this sum of money. On the other hand, it is also to make some preparations for the villagers to participate in this project in the future. When the time comes, the exchange of funds will be more frequent. With a professional to oversee it, we can be more at ease!”

After saying this, Xue Jinshan immediately added,”By the way, we also asked the county to strictly follow the procedures and select upright and prestigious cadres to serve as the village party secretary.. It must be ensured that similar problems will not occur again, otherwise, we are likely to withdraw our funds!” Secretary, you must ensure that there will be no more similar problems, otherwise, we are very likely to withdraw our funds!”