Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3585: Eager to return (1)

Translator: 549690339

To Jiang Hua, this was unbelievable. But to Xia ruofei, it was just a basic operation.

He had only left a trace of his consciousness in Jiang Hua’s sea of consciousness. After Jiang Hua paid the money and admitted his mistake, the trace of consciousness naturally dissipated, and Jiang Hua would no longer have nightmares.

To Xia ruofei, who was in the spiritualization realm, this thought was insignificant. Even if he lost it, it would not affect his spiritual power or spirit body.

To Xia ruofei, this was just a small matter. But to Jiang Hua, it was enough to be remembered for the rest of his life.

Xia ruofei had lunch at Jiang Cuihua’s house and then returned to his home in the jiangbin villa district.

In the afternoon, Song Wei and Ling Qingxue made an appointment to visit Xia ruofei’s house.

Even though it was the new year before the 15th day of the first lunar month, the two of them naturally could not stay at home for so long. They were also eager to improve their cultivation and return to the peach source Island to cultivate.

Hence, the two of them had made an appointment to spend as much time with their family as possible for the first three days. They would visit some of the elders and friends that they had to visit. Then, they would cancel all other social events and come to Xia ruofei’s place together.

Xia ruofei’s social circle was even simpler. He did not have any elders in the three mountains. However, he felt that he should pay a visit to song Qiming and Ling Xiao tian. After all, they were his future father – in – Law.

Hence, Xia ruofei, Ling Qingxue, and Song Wei discussed and decided that they would leave for Paradise Island tomorrow, the afternoon of the fifth day of the first lunar month.

Today, he would pay a visit to Ling Xiaotian. The next morning, he would visit song Qiming. He would have lunch at song Qiming’s house and leave the three mountains in the afternoon.

The three of them hit it off.

Ling Qingxue was publicly known to be Xia ruofei’s girlfriend. Since Xia ruofei was visiting the Ling family, Song Wei could not follow along.

So, Song Wei decided to stay at Xia ruofei’s house.

As she watched Xia ruofei and Ling Qingxue leave the house with their gifts and turn towards the Ling residence not far away, Song Wei felt a little sour in her heart. However, she quickly adjusted her state of mind, took out the origin crystals, and sat on the balcony on the second floor to cultivate.

When Ling Xiaotian found out that Xia ruofei was going to visit, he immediately declined the dinner appointment that night and specially waited for Xia ruofei at home. He even personally cooked a table of good dishes for Xia ruofei.

The father and son also exchanged toasts and had a few drinks.

During dinner, Xia ruofei also took the opportunity to suggest that he would take Ling Qingxue out for a while. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Ling Xiaotian had gradually gotten used to Ling Qingxue following Xia ruofei everywhere. The last time, she had disappeared for two months, and he could not even contact her on her phone.

Although Ling Xiaotian did not know what the two of them were busy with, he trusted Xia ruofei and never asked.

It was the same this time. Ling Xiaotian said in a carefree manner that there was no need to worry about his family. He was still in good health, and Ling Qingxue had handed over most of the company’s matters, so he could go out in peace.

However, he still expressed his dissatisfaction with Ling Qingxue’s disappearance for so long last time. He said that no matter how long she was out this time, she should at least keep in touch with him and call home if there was nothing to do so that he wouldn’t worry.

Ling Qingxue’s heart was also filled with shame, and she quickly agreed.

After dinner, Xia ruofei chatted with Ling Xiaotian for a while and then got up to leave.

Because she was leaving tomorrow, Ling Qingxue stayed at home tonight and used her limited time to spend more time with her father.

The next morning, Xia ruofei went to visit song Qiming. Ling Qingxue used this as an excuse and did not go with him.

On one hand, she probably wanted to spend more time with Ling Xiaotian. On the other hand, she considered the fact that Song Wei did not accompany Xia ruofei to her house yesterday, so she would not go today. This way, she could more or less find a balance.

Hence, Xia ruofei and Song Wei went to the provincial committee’s family courtyard.

Although it was the Chinese New Year holiday, for a leader like song Qiming, there was no concept of holidays.

During the spring Festival, all kinds of work had to be carried out as usual. As the main leader of the city, he had to visit and comfort people, attend Spring Festival activities, and even meet foreign guests. In addition, the leaders also had to be on duty, so he was busier than usual.

Even so, song Qiming still took half a day out to wait for Xia ruofei at home.

Everyone was naturally very happy to see each other and gave each other New Year’s blessings.

Song Wei accompanied her mother in the kitchen to prepare lunch while song Qiming brought Xia ruofei to the study.

Xia ruofei checked on song Qiming’s cultivation as usual and answered some of song Qiming’s questions. Then, he said,””Uncle song, I’m going to leave the three mountains with Weiwei this afternoon.”

“You guys are going to that Paradise Island?” Song Qiming asked.

Xia ruofei did not deliberately hide the existence of Peach Blossom Island from song Qiming. He even allowed Song Wei to introduce the situation of Peach Blossom Island to song Qiming when they were alone at home. In the future, when song Qiming retired, he could actually go to Peach Blossom Island to cultivate.

Therefore, when Xia ruofei said that he was going to leave the three mountains with Song Wei, song Qiming naturally thought of Paradise Island.

Xia ruofei nodded and said,”yeah!” The cultivation environment of the Paradise Island was quite good! Furthermore, it was protected by a large formation, and the level of safety was extremely high. Wei Wei and Qingxue both need to improve their cultivation as quickly as possible, so I want them to spend as much time on the island as possible..”