Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3591: High difficulty challenge !

Translator: 549690339

Xia ruofei waved his hand and cut out a piece of Jade as if he was cutting tofu.

Then, he held the Jade in his hand, sat cross – legged on the bed, and closed his eyes slightly. He adjusted his body state while absorbing the spiritual Qi.

He was within the range of the highest heaven formation, so he quickly calmed down and his mind became clear.

As Xia ruofei adjusted his state of mind, he recalled the description of the core part of the soul puppet’s control in the &lt;&lt;weapon refining manual&gt;&gt;, especially the details of the carving of the array pattern, as well as the process and gains and losses of the failure of the carving at the three mountains. He went through all these in his mind.

Then, he opened his eyes and gently threw the Jade up.

Under the support of his spiritual power, Fei Cui floated in front of him.

Xia ruofei moved his fingers like a knife and accurately carved the first formation pattern on the Jade.

This array pattern’s position, length, and arc had no deviation at all. It was almost perfect.

Xia ruofei’s heart did not waver at all. He did not pay any more attention to the array pattern after he had drawn it. In fact, the moment his finger drew it, he already knew whether the array pattern was successfully drawn or not.

Then, Xia ruofei steadily carved the second, third, fourth …

He maintained a constant rhythm. At first, the difficulty of the formation patterns was relatively low, so he didn’t intentionally speed up. As the number of formation patterns increased, the difficulty also began to gradually increase. However, his speed did not slow down, and he always maintained a rhythm that he felt was the most comfortable.

Time passed by.

More and more formation patterns were left on the Jade, and they became more and more complicated.

Ordinary people’s eyes couldn’t see the array patterns, but if a cultivator used his mental power to observe this Jade, he would see that the dense array patterns inside were spreading in all directions, and an extremely complicated pattern was slowly taking shape.

One thousand, two thousand, three thousand …

Unknowingly, Xia ruofei had been in this position for a few hours. The number of formation patterns on the Jade had reached more than 4000.

Last time, Xia ruofei was at this stage. Because of the drop in control, one of the array patterns had a slight deviation, causing the entire control core to be scrapped.

Now that the drawing of the array pattern had reached this stage, Xia ruofei still felt that he had the energy to do it.

It had to be said that not only was the highest heaven formation extremely helpful in cultivation, it was also unimaginably helpful in refining artifacts and setting up formations.

In the past few hours, Xia ruofei had been highly focused but he did not feel tired. The last time, after a few hours, his head started to hurt.

Xia ruofei had no other thoughts in his mind. He didn’t care about the success or failure of this attempt. His only thought was to concentrate on carving the array runes one by one. Every additional array rune was an improvement for him.

At this moment, the sky outside the window was already starting to turn white. It would be bright soon, but Xia ruofei was still carving the array runes. He had completely entered a state of oblivion.

Unknowingly, the number of formation patterns on that small piece of Jade had already broken through 5000.

For the entire control core, more than 90% of the array patterns had been drawn.

However, the final hundred or so array patterns were also the most difficult.

Previously, it was equivalent to drawing on a piece of white paper, but now, he needed to find the new formation pattern’s position among the dense formation patterns and inscribe it without any mistakes. During this process, the existing array patterns would definitely cause interference, and the interference would only get stronger and stronger.

Besides, the final hundred or so array patterns were more complicated than the previous five thousand or so patterns. To Xia ruofei, carving these array patterns in such a narrow space was his biggest challenge.

He was already feeling the pressure, so he appropriately reduced the speed of his drawing. However, he still maintained a relatively constant rhythm.

Although the pace was a little slower, it was still the speed that he felt most comfortable with.

The remaining array patterns slowly decreased from a hundred.

90,80,70…

When there were only 63 array patterns left, Xia ruofei’s movements slowed down slightly, and then all the energy was released …

Xia ruofei waved his hand and cut out a piece of Jade as if he was cutting tofu.

Then, he held the Jade in his hand, sat cross – legged on the bed, and closed his eyes slightly. He adjusted his body state while absorbing the spiritual Qi.

He was within the range of the highest heaven formation, so he quickly calmed down and his mind became clear.

As Xia ruofei adjusted his state of mind, he recalled the description of the core part of the soul puppet’s control in the &lt;&lt;weapon refining manual&gt;&gt;, especially the details of the carving of the array pattern, as well as the process and gains and losses of the failure of the carving at the three mountains. He went through all these in his mind.

Then, he opened his eyes and gently threw the Jade up.

Under the support of his spiritual power, Fei Cui floated in front of him. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Xia ruofei moved his fingers like a knife and accurately carved the first formation pattern on the Jade.

This array pattern’s position, length, and arc had no deviation at all. It was almost perfect.

Xia ruofei’s heart did not waver at all. He did not pay any more attention to the array pattern after he had drawn it. In fact, the moment his finger drew it, he already knew whether the array pattern was successfully drawn or not..