Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3593: The mysterious state (1)

Translator: 549690339

Before Xia ruofei returned to her room, she had told Li Yifu that he would be in closed – door cultivation for a day and that there was no need to care about his meals. At the same time, Xia ruofei also let Song Wei and Ling Qingxue cultivate by themselves. He had made up his mind to practice carving the control core in his room.

He was still meditating and adjusting his breathing. Only when he felt that he was in the best condition did he start to carve the array patterns on the top grade Jade.

One, two, three … Formation patterns appeared inside the Jade.

The array runes that Xia ruofei had specially picked out to practice were of a higher level of difficulty. It required a high level of spiritual energy and control from the inscriber. Therefore, he would stop and think for a while after every array pattern was inscribed. He would summarize the areas that he needed to reflect on during the process of inscribing the array pattern. Only after he had thought it through would he continue to try.

The failure rate of inscribing these runes was naturally very high. However, Xia ruofei did not care if he succeeded or not. Even if he failed, he would continue to inscribe on another spot on the Jade.

Just like that, a few hours passed without him knowing.

This piece of Jade was already covered with dense array patterns. The rate of repetition of these array patterns was very high, but they were definitely not exactly the same.

This was because even if it was the same array pattern, there would be slight differences every time it was inscribed. It was impossible for the array patterns to be exactly the same as the ones recorded in “artifact refining Chronicles.” However, as long as the difference was within the range of error, it could be considered a successful inscription.

The same type of array pattern that had been successfully carved would have different effects.

Xia ruofei kept making adjustments through repeated practice. The runes he drew were getting closer and closer to perfection.

Of course, the success rate was also slowly rising.

Xia ruofei drew every array pattern that he had chosen a few times before he stopped. He took a break and recalled his experience in drawing the array patterns.

At the same time, he was also simulating the situation after these array runes were integrated into the entire control core.

Such thoughts were clearly beneficial to his improvement in the aspect of inscribing array runes.

Xia ruofei felt that his train of thought was getting clearer and clearer. When he was carving the array runes, he would basically do it at any step. Now, he had a relatively clear train of thought.

He could even roughly predict where he would most likely make a mistake if he were to start inscribing the array runes now.

Although there was still no possibility of success, it was a big step forward compared to before.

Xia ruofei rested for a while. While drinking the spiritual pond water, he sat on a Jade futon and meditated. When his spiritual power had recovered, he cut out a piece of Jade of the highest quality and crushed the Jade that he had used for practice into pieces. The array pattern of the spiritual puppet’s control core was very high – end, and it also involved the control of the spiritual puppet in the future. Even though the interior of the Paradise Island was very safe, Xia ruofei was still very cautious. Furthermore, if someone else were to study it thoroughly, it was possible that the spiritual puppet he created would be controlled by someone else.

After processing the high – Quality Jade, Xia ruofei held a new piece of Jade in his hand and closed his eyes to adjust his state.

After a long time, he gently threw the Jade and used his spiritual power to control it to float in front of him.

This time, Xia ruofei decided to try to engrave the entire control core array pattern.

Even though he knew that the chances of success were extremely low, he was still confident that he would succeed. However, he also knew that success was accumulated from failure after failure. This was an inevitable stage. He had already gone through the entire process many times in his mind. The only thing he lacked was practice.

He believed that if he failed a few more times, he would definitely have a deeper understanding.

In any case, inscribing array runes only consumed some mental energy. He had many treasures, so his mental energy could be recovered very quickly. Even if he didn’t have a treasure to recover his mental power, he could still recover by practicing the great Dao Arts, just that it would take a little longer.

As for the fact that each piece of Jade was worth 100000 to 200000 Yuan, it was nothing to Xia ruofei.

Xia ruofei opened his eyes and drew a line in the air with his finger without hesitation. A near – perfect array pattern appeared inside the Supreme – grade Jade.

That mysterious arc didn’t look any different from the first time he drew it, but he knew very well that this array pattern was not only much more accurate than the first one he drew, but it also seemed to be closer to the feeling of being natural.

Under the effect of the allheaven formation, Xia ruofei’s heart did not waver at all.

Don’t be happy with things, don’t be sad with yourself.

Xia ruofei was in such a state. He maintained a steady rhythm and continued to carve the array runes.

He didn’t even realize that he had entered a very mysterious state. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

At this moment, Xia ruofei had no other thoughts in his mind and could not think too much. The only thing he felt was that his condition was better than every time he carved. Every array pattern that he carved had a more natural aura.

Xia ruofei didn’t know that his current state was something that could only be encountered and not sought.

It was similar to the Enlightenment during cultivation, but what he had comprehended was the Dao of array pattern engraving, not the Dao of cultivation..