Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3594: The mysterious state (2)

Translator: 549690339

Xia ruofei could not feel the flow of time at all. He was almost relying on his instinct to maintain a very comfortable rhythm. It seemed to be neither fast nor slow but in fact, it was very efficient.

One array pattern after another appeared on the top – grade Jade. Xia ruofei’s mind was as calm as a computer. Before he made his move, he could almost predict where he was going to draw the array pattern, which aspects to pay attention to, which details might affect the quality of the array pattern … A series of information appeared in his mind as if it was taken from a database.

Two thousand, three thousand, four thousand, five thousand …

Unknowingly, Xia ruofei had already surpassed the progress he had made the night before, but he still did not make any mistakes. Furthermore, the accuracy of these formation patterns was frighteningly high. They were basically in a perfect state without the slightest deviation.

Xia ruofei continued to inscribe array runes and soon entered the last dozens of array runes that were the most difficult.

However, Xia ruofei did not slow down and maintained the same pace.

This was something unimaginable in the past. However, when he tried to inscribe the complete array pattern yesterday, he had unconsciously slowed down. Although the rhythm was always the most comfortable, it was actually getting slower and slower.

But today, it was completely different. It was like a standard computer program. The interval between each array pattern was almost exactly the same. Such terrifying stability, even a nascent Soul Stage cultivator might not be able to achieve it.

The remaining array patterns were getting fewer and fewer.

From sixty, it gradually decreased to thirty, twenty…

Xia ruofei continued to maintain this constant speed and the quality of the runes he drew was surprisingly high. Of course, there were no mistakes at all.

There were still no mistakes in the last ten array patterns.

Xia ruofei was in a state of complete immersion. He didn’t even realize that he had completed more than 99% of the runes. According to his previous calculations, he should have started to make mistakes when he was left with about 50 runes.

His current state had completely overturned Xia ruofei’s judgment of himself.

Of course, he didn’t realize it.

It was also because of this that he could continue to play at a higher level without being affected.

Nine, eight, seven, six…

On top of the top – grade Jade, there was almost no blank space that could be seen with the naked eye. The Jade was covered with dense array patterns both inside and outside.

Xia ruofei was still in this mysterious state.

Finally, with a light wave of his finger, the last array pattern appeared in a nearly perfect quality blank space inside the Supreme – grade Jade that was almost invisible to the naked eye. It happened to be in between two array patterns. The last array pattern followed the gap between the two array patterns and formed a few very mysterious arcs.

If the accuracy of these two adjacent array patterns was not that high, but it could still be considered a success, then when it came to the final array pattern, it was inevitable that there would be flaws.

Hence, the control core’s array runes could be said to be interconnected. Even if the steps looked very easy, they had to be perfect. Otherwise, it would be digging a hole for the later work.

When the last formation pattern was formed inside the Supreme – grade Jade, Xia ruofei suddenly woke up from that mysterious state of enlightenment. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

He looked at the top – grade Jade in front of him in disbelief, especially the dense and complicated formation patterns inside the Jade, which gave him a great shock.

Did 1 really draw this? Xia ruofei could not believe his eyes.

However, that mysterious state of enlightenment was not hypnotism. Xia ruofei remembered every detail of the entire process of carving the array so he knew that it was not a supernatural phenomenon. He had carved it stroke by stroke.

Xia ruofei was no longer a newbie in cultivation. He knew that he had encountered something that he could only hope for.

In reality, this mysterious state was still unleashing his own potential.

This was not quite the same as a cultivator’s enlightenment during cultivation. If a cultivator had enlightenment, his cultivation could suddenly increase by a large margin. His understanding of the heavenly Dao and nature would play a very important role in his future cultivation.

Xia ruofei’s state just now was more of a display of his potential. To put it simply, he had overused his energy.

Hence, when he had finished drawing, Xia ruofei felt a strong sense of fatigue.

This was a sign of over – consumption of mental power.

One must know that Xia ruofei’s spiritual power had reached the spiritualization realm. However, a few hours had actually exhausted his spiritual power. One could only imagine how much energy it took to carve the array pattern in such a mysterious state.

If it was another intermediate or advanced golden core cultivator, even if they entered this mysterious state like Xia ruofei, they probably wouldn’t be able to last until the end. This was because their mental energy would be completely depleted or even exhausted.

At that time, his body’s protective mechanism would come into play, and he would naturally be able to exit from that mysterious state.

Xia ruofei held the Jade Kasaya in his hands as if it was a treasure. To be exact, it was the control core of a spiritual puppet.

He knew very well that with his current level, it would be extremely difficult to carve out such a control core.

This control core could very well be his only soul puppet’s control core in a short period of time. Naturally, he held it carefully in his hand, afraid that he would accidentally break the Jade. Of course, this was almost impossible for a cultivator. Xia ruofei was also confused because he was too concerned.

Although Xia ruofei still needed a lot of practice before he could slowly and steadily draw the control core of the spiritual puppet, his mysterious state this time had not only allowed him to obtain a near – perfect control core of the spiritual puppet, but he had also gained a lot.

Because Xia ruofei remembered the feeling when he carved every array pattern clearly.

This would be of great help to him in carving the control core of the spiritual puppet later.

Xia ruofei carefully placed the spiritual puppet control core that he had accidentally obtained into the spirit map space.

Originally, he had already prepared a large number of materials to make the spiritual puppet. Moreover, he had also used his spare time to create a few sets of components to make the spiritual puppet. It could be said that he had everything ready except for the crucial thing. Now that he had exceeded his level and successfully created a spiritual puppet’s control core, it was equivalent to filling in the last piece of the puzzle.

This meant that he only needed to do some assembly and debugging work, and he would be able to create a real spirit puppet. Although the spiritual intelligence of this spirit puppet was much lower than that of Xia Qing in the spirit map space, the meaning of it being created by him was naturally different.

Next, Xia ruofei began to recover his spiritual power while reminiscing about the mysterious state he was in just now and every stroke of the control core of the spiritual puppet.

As he had consumed too much of his mental power, he directly gulped down a few large bowls of spiritual pond water, then sat cross – legged on the Jade futon to recover his mental power.

When his spiritual power gradually recovered to about eighty percent, he finally opened his eyes and stood up.

He pulled open the curtains and found that it was already dark outside. The night sky was dotted with stars, and the entire Paradise Island seemed extremely quiet.

Xia ruofei used his spiritual power to scan the room and realized that almost no one was sleeping. This included Ling Qingxue, Song Wei, song Qiming, Li Yifu, and even Zheng Yongshou, who were making the best use of every second to train.

As it was already midnight, Xia ruofei did not disturb them. Instead, he set up a protective array in the room and a security array at the door.

After setting up the basic protection, Xia ruofei summoned the spirit map space and stuffed it under his blanket. Then, he entered the spirit map space with a thought..