Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3600: Elementary spiritual puppet’s strength…1

Translator: 549690339

Xia ruofei took out a set of clothes that he had prepared earlier and said,&quot;&quot;We’ll talk after you get dressed. &quot;

&quot;Yes! Masteri&quot;

Xia Xuan picked up the clothes on the ground and started to put them on. Perhaps it was because modern casual clothes were very different from ancient clothes, Xia Xuan was at a loss as to what to do with the clothes and pants …

Seeing this, Xia ruofei went up to give some guidance. At the same time, he observed the understanding ability of the spiritual puppet that he had created.

After Xia ruofei’s explanation, Xia Xuan successfully put on his clothes.

Xia Xuan, who was dressed in casual clothes, looked like a young man from the city. If he didn’t speak, he would pass for the real.

&quot;Xia Xuan, this is Xia Qing,&quot; Xia ruofei said.&quot;In the future, when I’m not around, you have to listen to his orders!&quot;

&quot;Yes, master!&quot; Xia Xuan said as he bowed.

Then, Xia ruofei gave Xia Xuan instructions to complete a series of actions. Xia Xuan executed them meticulously without any mistakes.

Xia ruofei had a preliminary understanding of the soul puppet that he could barely refine at his current stage. In general, this elementary soul puppet could definitely beat the most powerful intelligent robot in the secular world. In fact, the robots in the secular world had not reached this level of simulation. Moreover, the interior of the robot was still mechanical. Even if it had the body structure closest to a human, it could not be as flexible as a human.

After all, the human body was a super complex machine.

Except for the lack of internal organs, the spiritual puppet was basically a one – to – one copy of the real person. The muscle tissue, ligament tissue, and bone skeleton could really play their role, which could be said to be no different from the real person.

That was why Xia Xuan could easily perform some fine movements that only humans could do.

The robots in the secular world still had a long way to go to achieve this.

As for intelligence, Xia Xuan was slightly lacking, but that was only in comparison to Xia Qing. If he were to be compared to those Intelligent Robots, Xia Xuan was definitely a lot stronger.

&quot;How do you feel?&quot; Xia ruofei asked Xia Qing with a smile.

&quot;Master, this is the elementary spiritual puppet recorded in the tool refining Journal, right?&quot; Xia Qing clicked her tongue and praised,&quot;for an elementary spiritual puppet to be able to achieve this level, master’s artifact – refining level is truly admirable!&quot;

&quot;I’m still far from you …&quot; Xia ruofei said with a bitter smile.

&quot;Master, this is a difference in level. It can be said to be a qualitative difference. You can’t compare it like this.&quot; Xia Qing said with a smile.

Xia ruofei nodded and tried to test Xia Xuan’s strength. The method of testing was very simple. He had Xia Xuan attack him with all his might.

Then, Xia ruofei did not Dodge and took the blow head – on.

&quot;He’s about as strong as a cultivator at refined Qi level 8. &quot; Xia ruofei said indifferently. With the surge of the vital Qi in his body, the minor injuries that Xia Xuan had caused him were healed.

&quot;Generally, the cultivation of a basic spiritual puppet is between the fifth and seventh Qi layer.&quot; Xia Qing said,&quot;the fact that master’s spiritual puppet could reach the eighth Qi layer means that every step of the refinement process was close to perfection. Furthermore, the control core is also very compatible with this body.&quot; Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Xia ruofei nodded. This was also recorded in the &lt;&lt;artifact refining Chronicles&gt;&gt;, so when he tested that Xia Xuan’s cultivation level was almost at refined Qi level 8, he was a little surprised.

In fact, before the deterioration of the cultivation environment, soul puppets were widely used in the cultivation world. Elementary soul puppets like Xia Xuan were usually produced in batches and assigned to various elementary jobs, such as cleaning, receiving guests, guarding, planting, and so on.

Now that the inheritance of the cultivation world was cut off, and everyone’s strength was generally not high, if they could mass – produce a large number of spiritual puppets, they could even wipe out many medium – sized sects.

Just imagine, an Army of spiritual puppets that blotted out the sky and covered the earth, with an average cultivation level of level six or seven Qi refinement. Even if the sect being attacked had an Aurous core stage cultivator, under the siege of thousands of spiritual puppets, even an Aurous core stage cultivator would not be able to withstand it.

After all, the spiritual puppet was not a real life, and they definitely did not know fear. It was terrifying to think that they would attack the enemy with all their might without fear of death.

However, Xia ruofei was ambitious and did not think about unifying the cultivation world. Hence, he would not spend so much effort to create a large number of elementary spiritual puppets.

Of course, if he could steadily produce the control core of the spiritual puppet, it would be good to produce a batch in the initial stage. It was not to attack other sects, but to put it in the spirit map space to do all kinds of heavy work..