Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

3605 Xia ruofei takes action (1)

After a while, a black Mercedes - Benz car drove to the villa by the artificial lake.

The driver was a strong white man, and there was a bodyguard in a black suit sitting in the passenger's seat. Both of them had bulging waists, obviously carrying firearms.

Daphne walked out of the villa with Xia ruofei. She looked at Tang Haoran who was standing beside Xia ruofei and said,"Mr. Xia, let this little boy stay on the farm! After all, this place is safer than the road ...

Xia ruofei smiled."It's okay. Let him follow me."

Xia ruofei was a cultivator in the intermediate stage of the Golden core realm. His opponents were just ordinary people from the secular world. How could he not protect the people around him? Moreover, with Tang Haoran's current cultivation base, even if he went out alone, ordinary people would not be his opponent at all. Even if he was attacked like Liang Qichao the other day, Tang Haoran would definitely be able to escape unscathed.

"This ... Alright!" "You must be careful!" Said Daphne worriedly.

"Don't worry!" Xia ruofei chuckled."Daphne, you have to be careful here too. Leave more people around to protect you, and ... Wait for my news. Don't do anything until then!"

"I got it!"

Xia ruofei and Tang Haoran got into the Mercedes-Benz. Daphne walked over and said to the driver,""Send Mr. Xia to Sydney's Saint Vincent Hospital."

"Yes, miss Daphne!" The driver nodded and said calmly.

The Mercedes-Benz slowly left Paradise Farm and headed in the direction of Sydney.
﻿
When Xia ruofei and Tang Haoran came to the Hunter Valley, they were riding on flying swords. They arrived in a short while. However, it would take a lot more time to return to Sydney.

The two people in the front row were very vigilant, especially the bodyguard in the front passenger seat. His hands were always on his waist, obviously ready to pull out his gun as soon as there was a situation. At the same time, his eyes were constantly looking left and right, not letting go of any clues.

Xia ruofei was leaning on the back seat leisurely. He laughed and asked in Chinese," "Haoran, are you afraid?"

"I have master here!" Tang Haoran said in a relaxed manner. I'm not afraid!"

"Mm! Even if master isn't here, you still need to have the guts!" Xia ruofei said, "of course, you're still in the aura refining stage. If a sniper attacks you from a distance, it will be dangerous. You can't let your guard down."

When Xia ruofei was in the Qi refining stage, he was not in any danger because he had been through countless life and death situations during his years of service. He had developed a natural sense of danger. If a sniper had locked onto his target, he would definitely be able to sense it.

On the other hand, Tang Haoran had been pampered since he was young and had never suffered any setbacks. He had almost never experienced any dangerous situations, so he was naturally weaker in this aspect.

Xia ruofei also used this opportunity to teach Tang Haoran. He said," "When you're not sure if it's safe, you can release your spiritual power. This way, your sense of danger will be much sharper."

"I know, thank you, master!" Tang Haoran said.

"What do you think of this matter?" Xia ruofei was testing him. He﻿ smiled and asked, "how do you think I should handle this?"

Tang Haoran tilted his head and thought for a while before saying, "That Grello. Galini was a big Bad guy! Master, you must punish him!"

After a while, a black Mercedes-Benz car drove to the villa by the artificial lake.

The driver was a strong white man, and there was a bodyguard in a black suit sitting in the passenger's seat. Both of them had bulging waists, obviously carrying firearms.

Daphne walked out of the villa with Xia ruofei. She looked at Tang Haoran who was standing beside Xia ruofei and said,"Mr. Xia, let this little boy stay on the farm! After all, this place is safer than the road..."

Xia ruofei smiled. "It's okay. Let him follow me."

Xia ruofei was a cultivator in the intermediate stage of the Golden core realm. His opponents were just ordinary people from the secular world. How could he not protect the people around him? Moreover, with Tang Haoran's current cultivation base, even if he went out alone, ordinary people would not be his opponent at all. Even if he was attacked like Liang Qichao the other day, Tang Haoran would definitely be able to escape unscathed.VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"This ... Alright!" "You must be careful!" Said Daphne worriedly.

"Don't worry!" Xia ruofei chuckled."Daphne, you have to be careful here too. Leave more people around to protect you, and ... Wait for my news. Don't do anything until then!"

"I got it!"

Xia ruofei and Tang Haoran got into the Mercedes - Benz. Daphne walked over and said to the driver," "Send Mr. Xia to Sydney's Saint Vincent Hospital."

"Yes, miss Daphne!" The driver nodded and said calmly.

The Mercedes - Benz slowly left Paradise Farm and headed in the direction of Sydney.

When Xia ruofei and Tang Haoran came to the Hunter Valley, they were riding on flying swords. They arrived in a short while. However, it would take a lot more time to return to Sydney.

The two people in the front row were very vigilant, especially the bodyguard in the front passenger seat. His hands were always on his waist, obviously ready to pull out his gun as soon as there was a situation. At the same time, his eyes were constantly looking left and right, not letting go of any clues.
 