Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

3607 Surviving a great disaster (1)

Liang Qichao had been sitting in the back seat, and there was a bodyguard in the passenger seat. However, the difficulties that Paradise Farm had encountered at that time were mainly some small administrative tricks, and there were people who went to the farm to cause trouble from time to time. Therefore, whether it was Liang Qichao or the driver and bodyguards, they were not so vigilant. They did not expect the other party to be so lawless.Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Based on the speed of the 18 - wheeled truck, the other party was definitely going to kill Liang Qichao.

In fact, the situation at that time was also very dangerous. The truck hit the side of the passenger seat, and the bodyguard in the passenger seat died on the spot. The driver and Liang Qichao, who was sitting behind the driver, were also seriously injured.

Liang Qichao passed out on the spot. Both his legs were stuck in the twisted car, and the driver could barely move.

The car was scrapped on the spot, and it began to leak oil. It was in danger of a fire and explosion at any time.

Based on the situation at that time, even if Liang Qichao was lucky enough not to die on the spot, he would have been burned to death by the fire.

Perhaps he was not fated to die. When this "accident" happened, a team of firefighters happened to pass by this intersection on their way back to the Hunter Valley Fire Department.

Seeing the accident, the firefighters immediately got out of the car to help.

Their fire truck had all kinds of dismantling tools and they were all very professional rescue personnel, so they controlled the situation immediately. First, they prevented the car from catching fire and exploding. Then, they quickly dismantled the car and rescued the three people from the car.

The bodyguard in the front passenger seat died on the spot, but Liang Qichao and the driver were still alive.

They were immediately sent to the local hospital and then transferred to Sydney's Saint Vincent Hospital.

When Paradise Farm received the news, Daphne rushed to the hospital. When she saw Liang Qichao's condition, she panicked and called Tang He in the United United States

Because of Xia ruofei, Tang He also attached great importance to Liang Qichao, his maternal grandnephew. Recently, he had tried his best to coordinate the matters of Paradise Farm, but he did not expect that the kalini family would not buy it at all. Not only did the matter not progress, but the other party had also become even more aggressive and directly killed Liang Qichao.

Tang He was shocked and angry. After calming down, he immediately arranged for the most Elite Surgical medical team to send them to Australia by private jet. At the same time, he used all his connections in Australia to negotiate with the Galini family.

After Xia ruofei heard this, he was silent for a moment before he said," "Brother Liang, you're lucky this time. If it wasn't for the firefighters who happened to pass by, you might have... Escaped from death. You'll definitely have good fortune after that, and your future will be smooth!"

"I hope so.." Liang Qichao smiled bitterly."But ... I'm afraid it'll be very difficult for me to work for Paradise Farm in the future ... The doctors have communicated with me twice, and their opinions are that the amputation should be done as soon as possible. Otherwise, it will cause a large area of infection and necrosis, which may be life - threatening. Amputate! I'm only in my twenties, and I'll have to spend the rest of my life in a wheelchair ... It's scary just thinking about it ..."

Xia ruofei waved his hand and said,"don't be so pessimistic. I'm here." Since Western medicine has no effect, why don't you try Chinese medicine? I have some attainments in Chinese medicine."

"You?" Liang Qichao was surprised.

It was not that he did not trust Xia ruofei's medical skills, but the injury this time was too serious. It was not life-threatening, but it was really difficult to save his legs.

"I don't care if you trust me or not. I'm going to take over your treatment." Xia ruofei said, "I can't just watch you get amputated!"

Liang Qichao fell silent for a moment, then nodded and said, ""Alright, I believe you ...

"By the way, do your family members know about this?" Xia ruofei asked.

"I'll ask Daphne to tell my Grandpa not to tell my parents." Liang Qichao said in a low voice," they haven't been in good health for the past two years. I'm afraid they can't take this blow, especially if they have to be amputated ...

Xia ruofei waved his hand."Don't even think about amputation. I won't let you have your leg amputated. Just focus on your recovery!"

Xia ruofei took out the silver needle and used alcohol to disinfect it. Then, he said, "I'll give you acupuncture treatment first to stabilize your condition. I'll arrange for you to be transferred to another hospital later. It's not very convenient here. Don't worry, I'll give you a simple treatment first. At least your injuries won't continue to worsen. No matter who talks to you, no matter how serious the consequences are, you will insist on not agreeing to the amputation! As long as you don't sign it and your family isn't here, they can't amputate you on their own. Remember!"

Liang Qichao nodded and said,"understood!" I'll leave it to you then, ruofei. I really don't want to be in a wheelchair for the rest of my life!"

Xia ruofei patted Liang Qichao's shoulder and said," "Trust me! It's alright! You're still very weak, so you should sleep for a while!"

With that, Xia ruofei accurately pierced the silver needle into Liang Qichao's acupuncture point. A stream of vital Qi passed through him, and Liang Qichao felt as if a warm current was slowly flowing through his meridians. The pain from his wounds was reduced a lot, and soon, he felt drowsy. His eyes gradually became blurred, and he closed his eyes and fell asleep.


 