Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

3608 Surviving a great disaster (2)

Xia ruofei had no other thoughts. He continued to insert the needles and soon finished the first round of acupuncture.

He checked on Liang Qichao's condition, and he was sure that his condition would stabilize in a short period of time. He nodded in relief and put away his silver needles.

Xia ruofei stood up and walked out of Liang Qichao's ward.

Kevin Qiao was not far from the ward, and Dr. Karim, who was in the intensive care unit, was also beside him. The monitoring signal in Liang Qichao's ward had suddenly been disrupted. He had wanted to come over to check on the situation, but he had been stopped outside the door by Kevin Qiao.

Seeing Xia ruofei leave, Kevin Qiao immediately went up to him.

Doctor Karim also rushed over. He wanted to check what caused the interference immediately.

At this moment, a nurse poked her head out of the on-call room and shouted, "Doctor Karim, the monitoring signal has been restored."

"Eh?" Doctor Karim stopped and looked suspiciously at Liang Qichao's ward. He then looked at Xia ruofei and quickly walked back to the on-call room.

The moment Xia ruofei entered, the surveillance signal was severely disrupted. The moment he stepped out, the signal was restored. Could this be a human-shaped magnet?

Xia ruofei naturally did not care about the question marks in doctor Karim's head. He nodded at Kevin Qiao and walked out of the intensive care unit.

Naturally, Kevin Qiao also quickly followed. As he walked, he said, ""Mr. Xia, I'll have to trouble you to persuade Mr. Liang. His injury can't be delayed. He needs to undergo an amputation surgery as soon as possible. Otherwise, the infection will worsen and his life will be in danger very soon. I know that amputation is a difficult decision for anyone, but choosing the lesser of two evils, saving your life is the most important!"

"I know. We'll seriously consider it. " Xia ruofei said calmly, "doctor Qiao, I'll have to trouble you to keep an eye on Mr. Liang's condition. If there are any changes, inform me immediately. However, you must not amputate his leg without permission!"

Kevin's expression froze for a moment, and he said anxiously," "Mr. Xia, this is no child's play! With Mr. Liang's current condition, if we drag this on for another day or two, even if we amputate his leg, it would be difficult for him to survive!"

"Your mission is to do your best to treat him without amputating his leg." Xia ruofei said, "I will arrange the other things."

"Alright then!" Kevin said, a little dejected.

He could even foresee Liang Qichao's tragic end. However, since Liang Qichao did not agree to the amputation and Xia ruofei had the same attitude, it was enough for him to say what he needed to say as a doctor and fulfill his obligation to inform Xia ruofei. Even if Liang Qichao died of organ failure due to infection in the end, he would not be responsible.

Xia ruofei left the intensive care unit and gave Kevin Qiao his contact information. Then, he took the elevator down with Tang Haoran.

The bodyguard came forward and Xia ruofei said, "You guys wait for me at the hospital. I'm going out for a while. Give me your contact information. I'll call you if I need anything."

"Mr. Xia, we're responsible for your safety. If you leave the hospital, it's best to take us with you," the bodyguard quickly said.
﻿
"You don't have to worry about safety. I've arranged for people to protect you." Xia ruofei said, "your task now is to guard this place and protect Mr. Liang with the others."

"Understood!" The bodyguard bowed slightly and said.

Daphne had already told the bodyguard that although Mr. Xia was young, he was a major shareholder of Paradise Farm. Liang Qichao worked for him, so he had to obey his orders.

Hence, when the bodyguard saw that Xia ruofei was determined, he immediately shut his mouth. Since his boss 'boss had already made his decision, he would just follow it.

Xia ruofei walked out of the hospital with Tang Haoran. They found a bench in the Plaza in front of the hospital and sat down. Then, he took out his phone and called Tang Yitian.

"Brother RUO Fei!" Tang Yitian answered the call and laughed heartily."You're calling me again so soon. Don't tell me you want to go back to Sydney to drink with your brother again?"

"You're right, big brother Tang. I'm back in Sydney, "Xia ruofei said with a smile.

"Ah?" Tang Yitian couldn't help but be surprised. "What's going on?"

"I can't explain it clearly in a few words over the phone. Do you have time, big brother Tang? Let's meet and talk. " Xia ruofei said.

"Your brother is looking for me, how can I not have time?" Tang Yitian said without hesitation. Where are you now? I'll send a car to pick you up! It's mealtime, let's talk while we eat."

The sky was getting dark and the streetlights on both sides of the street were lit up.

"I'm at the Plaza in front of Saint Saint Vincent Hospital. I'll have to trouble you then, big brother Tang. "Xia ruofei replied after some thought.
﻿
Saint Saint Saint Saint hospital?" Tang Yitian couldn't help but feel anxious."Ruofei, did something happen?"

"I'm fine. Haoran is fine too. Don't worry!" Xia ruofei said, "let's talk when we meet!"

"Good! Please wait for a few minutes, the car will be here soon!" Tang Yitian said.

After Xia ruofei hung up the phone, he sat on the bench in the square, waiting for the car sent by Tang Yitian. He closed his eyes to rest while thinking about the matter of Paradise Farm.

Tang Haoran knew that Xia ruofei was deep in thought, so he sat quietly at the side and did not disturb her.

Ten minutes later, a Rolls-Royce limousine stopped in a parking space by the street. Tang Yitian hurriedly got out of the car and walked over.

Xia ruofei saw Tang Yitian and couldn't help but be slightly surprised."Big brother Tang, why did you come here personally? And so quickly?"

"My company's headquarters isn't far from here," Tang Yitian waved his hand and said, "I'll be in the office this afternoon." Let's not talk about this anymore. Ruofei, what happened? Why did you and Haoran come to the hospital?"

"Something happened to a friend!" Xia ruofei said,"brother Tang, let's talk in the car! I have something I need your help with."

"Alright!" "We'll talk in the car!" Tang Yitian said.

After the three of them got into the car, Tang Yitian raised the sound - proof glass of the front and back seats, then asked, ""RUO Fei, speak! What happened?"

"There's been some trouble at Paradise Farm ...Xia ruofei said.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Then, Xia ruofei told Tang Yitian what he had learned. In the end, he said, ""Liang Qichao's condition isn't very good right now. The doctor suggested amputating both of his legs, but I stopped him. I still want to try Chinese medicine. He's still so young, how can he do without his legs?"

Tang Yitian smacked the handle of his chair and said, "Such a big thing has happened! Why has Xiao Liang been hiding it from me? If he had told me earlier, things wouldn't have gotten to this point. "

"Brother Liang said that this guy is too powerful, and he doesn't want you to get involved." Xia ruofei said.

Tang Yitian's expression froze for a second, then he said, "Do I look like someone who's afraid of trouble? Besides, things didn't get to the point where they had to kill each other in the beginning! I still have some face in Australia, so it's better for me to go and coordinate it than for him to do it himself! And Mr. Tang He, although he had hundreds of millions of assets, he didn't have any Foundation in Australia. How could the kalini family buy it? It'll definitely be different if I show up!"

Xia ruofei waved his hand and said, "now that things have come to this, there's no point in saying all this." Big brother Tang, you don't have to interfere in the matters of the galni family."

The other party had already gone too far and touched Xia ruofei's bottom line. Naturally, they wouldn't be kind. Thus, Tang Yitian didn't need to step in and mediate.

As for dealing with the galni family, he couldn't use Tang Yitian's power. It would be best for Xia ruofei to handle it alone. After all, Tang Yitian's roots were in Australia. There was no benefit in getting involved in this matter.