Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

3609 The hand of sin (1)

"Ruofei, what kind of person do you think I am?" Tang Yitian asked with a straight face. Your business is my business, so what if it's the Galini family? Even if I have to give up all my assets, I can't just sit back and do nothing!"

"Big brother Tang, you've misunderstood." Xia ruofei smiled and said, "there's no doubt about your strength in Australia. I also believe that you will not hesitate to step forward for the sake of Paradise Farm. But there was no need for that. After all, you've been here for so many years, and you're involved in many complicated relationships. Even if you don't think for yourself, how many people in your large company and the Chinese society in Australia rely on you for a living? You can't just ignore them, right?"

The barefooted aren't afraid of wearing shoes, this was the logic.

At Tang Yitian's level, he naturally didn't lack fame and status, but there were also many concerns. He couldn't simply show off his courage at any time.

Xia ruofei continued."Of course, the main reason is that I'm more than enough to deal with Grello and the kalini family. There's no need to involve you, brother Tang."

"Ruofei, it's not that I'm trying to boost other people's morale and downplay our on our own, but the Galiny family is like a local tyrant in Australia." Tang Yitian said with a serious expression,"it's no exaggeration to say that they can even exert influence on the head of state of Australia. For you to deal with an entire clan by yourself, I'm afraid ..."

Although Tang Yitian had expressed his desire to stand up for Xia ruofei without hesitation, he knew very well that there was a gap in strength between him and the Garni family, especially in terms of influence in the entire Australian society. He was still far behind. It was because of this clear understanding that he felt that it was unrealistic for Xia ruofei to deal with such a terrifying family on his own.

"Don't forget that I'm a cultivator, big brother Tang," said Xia ruofei with a smile." Many times, the methods of cultivators are beyond the imagination of ordinary people in the secular world. No matter how powerful the Galini family was, and how powerful the two brothers were, if they were directly destroyed by physics, could they still be powerful? Of course, I still haven't decided how to deal with this matter and to what extent should I punish them. That's why I came to find you, big brother Tang!"

Only then did Tang Yitian realize that he didn't know much about cultivation. However, his son, Tang Haoran, was already a cultivator, so he wasn't completely clueless about the strength of a cultivator. If Xia ruofei were to personally assassinate an ordinary person, no matter how strict the security was, it would be useless.

In that case, Xia ruofei really wanted to get Grello. Galini's life was not difficult at all.

"What can I do for you?" Tang Yitian asked.Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

"I've come to find big brother Tang mainly for two things," Xia ruofei said, "first, I want to know more about the kalini family. The more detailed, the better. I think big brother Tang should know a lot of inside information that the outside world doesn't know."

"That's not a problem. I'm very familiar with the situation of the kalini brothers. In addition, our group also has a special information collection department that has long-term information on some of the powerful people in Australia. I'll get a copy of it from the company database for you to refer to!" Tang Yitian said without hesitation, then asked, "what's the other thing?"

Xia ruofei said, "I need big brother Tang to arrange a private hospital for me. I don't have a high requirement for the hospital's hardware. It's fine as long as the basic standard is met. But it must be absolutely reliable!"

"No problem!" "My personal doctor has a very high-end clinic," Tang Yitian said."The medical facilities are the best in all of Australia. He's also Chinese, so he's absolutely reliable."

"That's great!" Xia ruofei said happily,"big brother Tang, if possible, please arrange it for me as soon as possible."

"No problem!" Tang Yitian said, then asked,"ruofei, are you trying to turn Xiao Liang around?" With all due respect, Saint Saint Vincent Hospital's standard is still very high, not to mention that Mr. Tang He has specially transferred the top surgical team from the United States if they don't have any other solution and must amputate it, I'm afraid my private doctor won't have any good solution. Also, you said you wanted to try Chinese medicine, but there's no Chinese medicine in Sydney that's particularly good at treating external injuries ..."

"I just want to borrow the venue, big brother Tang," Xia ruofei said with a smile."I'll treat Liang Qichao myself."

"You?" Tang Yitian was dazed for a moment, but he immediately realized something."You want to use a cultivator's method?"

Xia ruofei nodded and said,"almost!" Anyway, I have to use my own method to treat Liang Qichao, so it's not convenient to do it in Saint Vincent Hospital. "I want to get rid of the United States surgical team and transfer Liang Qichao to the high-end private clinic you've arranged. Then, I'll be fully responsible for Liang Qichao's treatment. Big brother Tang, is there any problem with this arrangement at the clinic?"

"No problem!" Tang Yitian said,"I'm very familiar with doctor Qi. It's easy to coordinate!" How about this! I'll give doctor Qi a call now and ask him to arrange it immediately! We can transfer Xiao Liang over tomorrow morning. After all, this matter can't be delayed!"