Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

3610 The hand of sin (2)

"Alright! Thank you, big brother Tang!" Xia ruofei said with a smile.

Tang Yitian directly called his private doctor in the car, and the matter was settled with a few words.

Doctor Qi would form a treatment team with surgical experts as the main team. He would transfer Liang Qichao to another hospital tomorrow. When Liang Qichao arrived at The Private Clinic, Xia ruofei would be in charge of all his treatment. Doctor Qi and the other doctors in the clinic would not participate in it, and it would be absolutely confidential.

Xia ruofei was naturally very satisfied, and repeatedly thanked Tang Yitian.

The car arrived at Tang Yitian's Manor in the suburbs of Sydney. Jennifer was naturally surprised to see Xia ruofei and Tang Haoran. 

In order to avoid Jennifer's worry, Xia ruofei and Tang Yitian had discussed it. They didn't tell Jennifer about Paradise Farm. They only said that Xia ruofei had to stay in Sydney for a few days for something urgent, so he brought Tang Haoran back.

Although Tang Haoran had only left for half a day, Jennifer had already missed him very much. She had thought that this time, the little guy would not be back until school was about to start. She did not expect to see him again so soon, so Jennifer was naturally quite surprised.

Tang Yitian had informed the servants to prepare dinner in advance, so when they arrived at the manor, dinner was already ready.

Thus, the group once again came to the small dining room in the manor and sat around the dining table to have a meal.Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

After the meal, Xia ruofei said,"Haoran, go play in your room!" I have something to discuss with your father."

"Oh! "I understand..." Tang Haoran said.

Actually, he also wanted to know how Xia ruofei was going to deal with this matter. However, since his master had already said it, he did not dare to disobey and obediently went back to his room.manhua

Tang Yitian brought Xia ruofei to the study.

Jennifer served them a pot of tea and then left the study, leaving the two some space to talk.

Tang Yitian poured a cup of tea for Xia ruofei as he said,""Ruofei, the Galiny family is very influential in Australia, and they have a lot of power in both the police and the underworld. What do you want to know about them?"

"I want to know if there will be any uncontrollable consequences if the kalini brothers suddenly die?" Xia ruofei asked calmly,"also, these two brothers are definitely not clean. But I want to know what kind of misdeeds they have done?"

Xia ruofei had already decided to kill them. Based on the way they had dealt with Liang Qichao, he should have taken their lives. However, he still wanted to find out what other evil things the two brothers had done. As long as it was proven that they deserved to die, he would have a hundred ways to punish them.

While searching for information on the computer, Tang Yitian said, "If the two brothers suddenly die at the same time, it will undoubtedly be like a heavy bomb exploding in the entire Australian society. It will definitely set off a huge wave, no doubt. However, I believe that if you were to personally take action, you would definitely not leave any traces behind. It would be impossible for you to draw fire to yourself."

Xia ruofei smiled and nodded.

If he really wanted to take their lives, it would be too easy. Xia ruofei could completely control the flying sword from a distance and take their heads without anyone knowing.

As for sneaking near the two of them, it was even easier. He could just use a concealment talisman and walk in without any trouble.

Such a method of killing was not something that ordinary people in the secular world could even dream of. Even if the Australian police racked their brains, they could not find any clues.

Tang Yitian continued, "the Galiny family has almost monopolized the ore industry in Australia, especially the iron ore. Basically, the two of them have a firm control over it. So, if the two of them die, there will be a huge profit gap, and it will definitely cause many parties to fight for it. At that time, the whole of Australia will be in chaos. It will be a great opportunity!"

"Will it affect you in any way, brother Tang?" Xia ruofei asked.

"My businesses are mainly in the retail and entertainment industries," Tang Yitian said with a smile. "Although I've invested a little in the mining industry, it's a small one. This shouldn't affect me much." Maybe I can even get a share of the loot!"

Tang Yitian said it casually, but Xia ruofei looked thoughtful and said," Big brother Tang, if you make some arrangements in advance, Won't You Be able to obtain greater benefits? Or ... He might as well spare e the two brothers 'lives for the time being and take over all of their properties! Big brother Tang is going to be the local Emperor of Australia in the future!"

Tang Yitian couldn't help but be shocked. He forced a smile and said, ""RUO Fei, don't scare me! The galni family was too large, and besides the two brothers, Grello and Steve, there were many other members of the family. Even if the two brothers died, the interests of the galni family might be greatly damaged, but it would never fall apart. As for seizing all of their properties, that's even more impossible."
﻿
"Nothing is impossible!" Xia ruofei smiled mysteriously."As long as I want to do it, it's not difficult."

It was nothing more than to completely control Steve. It was just Kaliny. With one soul seal, Xia ruofei could do anything to Steve. Galini gave orders at will, even if it meant that he had to bring his own brother Grello. He would not hesitate to kill kalini.

Tang Yitian was also an ambitious person. If he was given more time, he might really be able to take over the entire Galini family's business.

Tang Yitian couldn't help but be shocked. Xia ruofei's words were undoubtedly very attractive.

However, he quickly sobered up and quickly said," "Ruofei, it's not too late to make a decision later. I'll also have to weigh the pros and cons."

Xia ruofei nodded and said,"it's just a sudden thought. Just think of it as a possibility!" If you have time, how about you think about the feasibility of this?"

"Alright, I'll seriously evaluate it!" Tang Yitian said seriously,"I'll tell you about the kalini family's situation and some of their misdeeds."

"Mm! I can!"

"The history of the kalini family isn't long, but they rose very quickly. The kalini brothers" father was actually a miner at first. He relied on the word "ruthless" to fight his way out and complete the most primitive accumulation of the family. The two brothers, Steve and Grello, were the key figures to the rise of the Galini family. It took them almost 15 years to integrate all of Australia's iron ore industry. Although they don't control all the resources, these related companies have a very close relationship with them. It can be said that they can decide the direction of the entire iron ore industry in Australia, and the wealth they have accumulated is naturally an astronomical figure."
﻿
By this time, Tang Yitian had already retrieved all the information about the Galini family from the database. He directly pressed the print button, and the printer immediately began to work. He continued, "The history of these two brothers" wealth can be said to be full of sin and blood. The two of them also have a bad record, especially Grello. He's a thug himself, so he's killed many people."

Tang Yitian continued,. Grello. " Galini was also a racist, especially against Asians. Eight years ago, there was a shocking criminal case Melbourne. A Chinese family was holding a wedding, but they were attacked by a bomb, resulting in heavy casualties. Most of the people who attended the wedding were local Chinese friends. This incident was most likely planned by Grayson, but there was no evidence left. As for the motive, some people speculated that he had a personal grudge with one of the guests at the wedding. And because most of the people at the wedding were Chinese, he personally planned such a cruel bomb attack..."