Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

3611 Treating and saving people (1)

Xia ruofei couldn't help but reveal a trace of anger after hearing this. This kind of thing was simply outrageous. He slammed the table and said, "Just based on this matter, this Grello deserved to die!"

Tang Yitian said,"I can only say that the mastermind behind this tragedy is probably Grello." However, this had already become an unsolved case. After so many years, there was no hope of solving it. In fact, the Galini family has a deep infiltration of the police, which is why they are so arrogant."

Xia ruofei said coldly,"it's not difficult for me to investigate this." I'll get to the bottom of this!"

"If we can find out that he's the one behind it, it'll be a relief to the 32 victims from eight years ago," said Tang Yitian.

"What's the use of just investigating? if we really want to comfort the dead, we'll let this scumbag die in pain!" Xia ruofei said with a murderous look.VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

He had heard that many countries in the Western world discriminated against Chinese and knew that it was not easy for Chinese people to survive in a foreign land. However, after hearing such a tragic case in person, his feelings were completely different. Even without the incident at Paradise Farm, Xia ruofei would definitely take action based on this incident alone.

At this moment, the information had been printed out.

Tang Yitian put the documents into a folder and handed it to Xia ruofei. He said, "RUO Fei, this is the information I've gathered about the Galini family. You can take a look when you have time."

"Alright! Many thanks, big brother Tang!" Xia ruofei said.

"Don't say that!" Tang Yitian said, "I'm already very ashamed that I﻿ couldn't help you with this!"

"I can't blame you for this. I agree with Liang Qichao's decision. If he had asked you for help, you would have done something. However, it's too dangerous for you to go against the Galini family." Xia ruofei said calmly.

As Xia ruofei learned more about the kalini family, he understood Liang Qichao's decision at that time. He admired him in his heart.

"Sometimes, you can't just think about benefits. For example, I should be duty - bound for this matter!" Tang Yitian said seriously, "but this decision was made by Xiao Liang. You didn't know about it. If you made this decision yourself, I would be very angry. You're treating me like an outsider!"

Xia ruofei chuckled."Actually, it's my fault. I was cultivating in seclusion for a while. I guess Liang Qichao couldn't contact me because of that. Otherwise, all these things wouldn't have happened."

"Since things have come to this, there's no point in saying all this." Tang Yitian said, "now that you're personally handling this matter, you'll definitely be able to help Liang Qichao vent his anger!"

"En!" Xia ruofei stood up with the documents and said,"big brother Tang, I still have to go to the hospital. You should consider my suggestion carefully and then we can discuss a procedure. The wealth of the kalini family is ill - gotten anyway. If you don't take it, it'll benefit others!"

"Are you still going to the hospital at this hour?" Tang Yitian asked in surprise," why don't we rest here tonight and go tomorrow?"

"I need to talk to Liang Qichao about tomorrow's schedule. Also, I need to inform the United States surgical team in advance. After all, they came all the way here to treat Liang Qichao. Even though they're here for Mr. Tang's US dollars, we still have to appreciate their kindness!" Xia ruofei said with a smile.
﻿
"Then I'll send a car to send you. You'd better return to the manor to rest after you're done!" Tang Yitian said.

Xia ruofei thought for a while and nodded. "Alright! Then I'll be back soon!"

Tang Yitian immediately arranged for his chauffeur to prepare the Rolls-Royce limousine he usually used and personally sent Xia ruofei out.

After giving the driver some instructions, Tang Yitian said to Xia ruofei," "Ruofei, if there's anything, call me at any time! I still have quite a few acquaintances at Saint Saint Saint Saint hospital!"

Xia ruofei smiled and nodded,"okay!" In fact, Liang Qichao's treatment was handled by the United States team of surgeons, and Saint Vincent Hospital only provided the venue and some basic guarantee."

"That's good!"

Xia ruofei got into the car and waved at Tang Yitian. Then, the car slowly drove out of the manor and headed to Saint Saint Vincent Hospital in the city.

On the way, Xia ruofei took out his phone and dialed Mr. Tang He's number in the United States.

"Brother Xia! You finally took the initiative to contact me!" Tang He answered the phone and said, "I haven't been able to contact you recently. I'm so worried!"

"I'm sorry, Mr. Tang ... This is my problem. " Xia ruofei replied,"I'm already in Sydney. I'll handle Paradise Farm soon. Don't worry!"

"You went to Australia?" he asked. Tang He was very surprised."Brother Xia, it's very dangerous for you to be in Australia at this time! A gentleman does not stand under a dangerous wall. You'd better leave as soon as possible!"
﻿
Such a big incident had happened at Paradise Farm, and even Liang Qichao almost lost his life. Tang He had only sent an Elite Surgical team and remotely coordinated the matters of Paradise Farm in the United States. He himself did not come personally, mostly out of consideration for personal safety.