Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3617:I see (1)

Translator: 549690339

In Turak, a high – end wealthy community where every inch of land was worth an inch of gold, any ordinary house was expensive. The real estate in kalini was located by the Yala River, which had the best location and environment. It was also on the gentlest part of the river, so the price was naturally even more shocking.

The small Manor was built along the hillside and was surrounded by scattered forests, making it independent of other residential areas. A small path under the manor extended to a large green grass slope by the Yala River. The grass was also Steve ‘s. Galiny’s private property.

The privacy here was naturally very high, which made it more convenient for Xia ruofei.

His Black Phoenix flying ship stopped right above a forest. He then cast a concealment talisman on himself and jumped off the Flying Ship. As he landed on the ground, he casually kept the shrunken Black Phoenix flying ship.

Xia ruofei stood in the forest and used his spiritual power to scan the area.

This place was already very close to the manor. His spiritual power at the spiritualization realm could easily cover the entire Manor.

The photos and information of the Kaliny brothers and some important people in their family that Tang Yitian had provided were very detailed. Xia ruofei had memorized them after looking at them once.

If Steve. If Galini was in the manor, he would definitely not be able to escape Xia ruofei’s search.

His mental power was like a sieve, and in a short while, it had sifted through the entire Manor.

Steve. Galini was not in the manor.

His younger brother Grello. Galini also did not appear.

However, Xia ruofei was not dejected. He had already locked onto a target.

The man’s name was Tony, Steve. According to Tang Yitian’s information, Steve was the most trusted Butler of Galiny. Jarini’s schedule was all arranged by this Tony, and the two brothers basically didn’t hide anything from him.

So, finding Tony was basically the same as finding Steve. Galini.

Xia ruofei’s body flashed and disappeared into the forest in an invisible sword light. At this time, sword Kinesis flight was obviously more agile.

As Xia ruofei still had the invisibility talisman on him, his flying sword was invisible and intangible in the eyes of ordinary people. Hence, the manor’s strict security was non – existent. Xia ruofei swaggered through the main entrance and flew in at a low altitude.

The main building of the Galini Manor was like a small castle. It was surrounded by several subsidiary buildings in the middle of the manor.

In the small castle, Butler Tony was in Steve’s office. As the Butler of the Galini family, the servants, security guards, and drivers of the entire Manor were all managed by Tony. His status was only higher than the general high – ranking members of the Galini family, so he naturally didn’t have to do things like cleaning himself. However, Steve. Tonnier had always been the one who cleaned jarini’s study, never letting anyone else do it.

In fact, other than Grello. Other than his younger brother, Tony, was the only one who could freely enter and exit the study, so it could be seen that Steve was not the only one. Galini’s trust in Tony.

There were too many secrets in this study. There were trade secrets of the entire mining Empire, as well as a lot of information and information that could not be exposed to the public. Galini did not trust anyone. Even if it was Grello. Even the Galini had to get permission from her brother Steve before they could enter.

It was not Steve. Galini did not trust Grello. Galini, mainly because of Grello, was more or less a little out of his mind. He was good at fighting and killing, but he was much worse at conspiracies. Galini was worried that his brother would accidentally reveal some things.

Tony was different. All of Galini’s Affairs were handled by him, and he was the most trusted of his trusted aides. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

If there was one person in the world who knew Steve Best, Steve. Galini. That was definitely not Grello, who was his younger brother, but Tom.

Right now, Tony was wearing a well – ironed suit and shiny black leather shoes, stepping on the soft wool carpet and gently wiping the desk with a cloth in his hand.

It was very quiet in the study because the soundproofing was very good and the carpet was very thick.

However, as he was wiping, his movements gradually slowed down. When he looked up, he saw a figure standing quietly behind him in the reflection of the glass in the cupboard behind the desk.

This discovery made his hair stand on end, and his entire body stiffened.

No one was allowed to enter this study except for Mr. Galini. Once such an action was discovered, the outcome would be very miserable.

The security inside and outside of the Galini Manor was extremely tight. Under such circumstances, how could someone sneak into the manor without anyone noticing?

Tony slowly turned around.

He did not even see what the person in front of him looked like. In fact, it would be meaningless even if he did. When Xia ruofei landed in Melbourne, he had changed his appearance just in case.

After turning around, Tom’s eyes involuntarily focused on the bright eyes of the mysterious infiltrator. The eyes seemed to have magic, and in an instant, Tom’s eyes became misty, and he became like a walking corpse..