Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

3618 I see (2)

After Xia ruofei easily hypnotized Tang Nier, he did not waste any time and directly asked,"Steve. Where did Galini go?"

Usually, he would treat Steve with respect. Tonnier, who was loyal to Galini, did not hesitate in the hypnotism and said," "Mr. Galini went to a fashion party in Brian and left at ten in the morning."

Xia ruofei could not help but frown. He did not expect to come to Melbourne and find nothing. Even though the black Phoenix flying ship was quite fast, he still felt a little displeased.

"When is he coming back?" Xia ruofei asked coldly.

"According to the plan, Mr. Galini will return to Melbourne by private jet later tonight." Tony said, "but I'm not too sure. If Mr. Galini has a good time in Bolton, he might spend the night there, but he'll definitely be back tomorrow morning because there's an important meeting with the mining Alliance at around 11 a.m. He can't be absent."

Tony was indeed Steve. Not only did the confidant of Galini know his schedule like the back of his hand, but he also knew his habits very well.

Xia ruofei knew a little about it. This so-called Fashion party was actually a hunting ground for the rich and powerful. Galini had found a suitable "prey" today, so it was naturally possible that he would spend the night in Bolton. Otherwise, he would have returned tonight.

Xia ruofei continued to ask,"some time ago, Grello ... Do you know the reason why Galini suddenly started to attack Hunter Valley's Paradise Farm?"

Since Tony was Steve. Xia ruofei was Galiny's trusted aide, and he would not just ask Steve. The one he wanted to know the most about Galiny's schedule was actually Grello. He had to figure out Galini's motive for suddenly attacking Paradise Farm before he could plan his next step.

Tony didn't hesitate and said, "Mr. Galiny has taken a fancy to the advanced cultivation technology of Paradise Farm, and the group will purchase a large number of high - Quality farms and ranches in the next few years to enter the agricultural industry. The high - Quality products of Paradise Farm are the reason why Mr. Galiny made this decision. At the same time, it is also an important part of the group's farm and ranch strategy in the future. Therefore, Mr. Galiny sent Mr. Galiny junior in the hope of taking over Paradise Farm at the lowest price. The bottom line is to have absolute control of the farm. As for what exactly Mr. Galiny did, I'm not too sure. Usually, Mr. Galiny would not interfere after he gave the task to Mr. Galiny junior. He only cares about the results and not the process."

Hearing this, Xia ruofei came to a realization.

It turned out that the Galini family wanted to enter the agricultural industry. No wonder they were so eager to take down Paradise Farm. It turned out that they were interested in the core technology of Paradise Farm.

Although this "core technology" had nothing to do with Paradise Farm, Steve Galiny didn't know! That was why he sent his brother Grello to deal with this matter.

And if one were to get to the bottom of it, it was also because of the rapid emergence of Paradise Farm in Australia, and the amazing products of Paradise Farm that quickly occupied the high-end market, that led to Steve's downfall. Galini had the idea of entering agriculture.

Xia ruofei didn't know whether to laugh or cry. He had thought that Paradise Farm might attract some covetous eyes. After all, the bird that sticks out first will be shot, and the rafters that stick out will rot first. However, he didn't expect to attract a behemoth like the kalini family. According to the general rule, the kalini family shouldn't be interested in such a large scale of interest.

However, he ignored the temptation of benefits. The Galini family indeed looked down on the benefits of Paradise Farm, but they saw the benefits of the "core technology," so they were prepared to acquire high - Quality farms on a large scale and then get the technology of Paradise Farm.

If this technology was promoted throughout Australia, the benefits it would bring would be incomparable to Paradise Farm. After all, paradise vegetables didn't have to worry about sales and could completely sweep the huge global market.

Such benefits were enough to move the Galini family.

After understanding the cause and effect, Steve said," Galiny sect's extraordinary Leiro. It was easy to understand why Galini was here to handle this matter. After all, although Grello was stupid, he was best at seizing things by trickery.

And that was the truth. As soon as greello made his move, Paradise Farm fell into all kinds of trouble. Greello's methods were also very aggressive. On the one hand, he used all kinds of methods from the underworld and the White to force Paradise Farm, and on the other hand, he was ready to kill Liang Qichao directly. This was a way to make an example of others.

An ordinary person would probably compromise after being tricked like this, especially when they knew that their opponent was the huge Galini family.

However, the kalini brothers would never have thought that they had provoked someone they should not have. How could Xia ruofei compromise? Even if the opponent was a cultivator more powerful than him, he would rather break than bend, let alone the kalini brothers who were just ordinary people in the secular world.
﻿
After Xia ruofei had figured out the cause and effect, he had already made a decision.

He then asked, "do you know greello?" Is Galini there now?"

"Mr. Galiny Jr. Rarely stays in Melbourne. He's mainly active in Sydney during this period of time, probably to direct the operation against Paradise Farm!" Tony replied,"I'm not too sure about his exact location. I usually stay in the Galini Manor and am only responsible for Mr. Galini."

Tony would not lie under hypnosis, so Xia ruofei knew that he would not be able to get any more information about Grello from him. It was news from Galini.

He thought for a while and then asked a few more questions about the inside story of the kalini family's Black Gold business.

Tony naturally told him everything he knew. After all, he was Steve. The head butler of kalini knew a lot of information, which Tang Yitian didn't collect.

After Xia ruofei heard this, he compared it with the information from Tang Yitian. He couldn't help but be amazed at the hidden strength and wealth of the kalini family. They were much stronger than Tang Yitian's speculation.

If Tang Yitian could make up his mind this time and come up with a more secure plan to take over most of the Galini family's wealth, his strength would double or even triple without a problem.

After Xia ruofei got the information he needed, he didn't stay any longer and disappeared in a flash.

The moment his figure disappeared from the room, Tom also woke up from his state of hypnosis.

Moreover, he had no memory of what had happened during the hypnosis.
﻿
His memory was still stuck at when he saw a figure in the reflection of the window, and then he turned around to check.

So when he saw that there was no one behind him, he didn't think much about it. He just rubbed his eyes, thinking that he was seeing things.

After all, he wasn't young anymore, and what he had seen just now was only a reflection, so it wasn't particularly real.

Tony didn't think too much about it and turned around to continue wiping the desk.

Xia ruofei did not leave the manor. He found an empty room and entered it.

His spiritual power had been covering the entire Manor all along, so he knew the situation here like the back of his hand. Naturally, he knew where there were people and which rooms were empty.

In fact, the person Xia ruofei had entered was Steve. In Galiny's bedroom. Other than Tom, Neil, and a servant who was in charge of the place's hygiene, no one else was allowed to enter the manor. Hence, Xia ruofei's hiding place was safe.


 Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com