Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

3620 Â Capture the king before capturing the bandits Part 2

Â  After Tony Hung up the phone, he immediately started making arrangements.

Â  In addition to dispatching vehicles and the security personnel, he also asked the kitchen to start preparing food now. They had to prepare in advance whether or not Galini would eat after he Â  Xia ruofei added a concealment talisman on himself. Even though he was in the room, the servant did not notice his presence.

Â  Steve. Galiny's bedroom was actually a very luxurious large suite. In addition to the sleeping room, there was also a reception area outside, which was probably used to discuss business with his confidants.

Â  Xia ruofei was sitting on the sofa in the living room with his legs crossed.

returned.

Â  It took about two hours to fly from Brian, so there was plenty of time, but Tony didn't delay after Â  He had been using his power of the will to investigate the outside world, and the main target of his investigation was naturally Tom.

Â  Because Tony was the most likely to enter the bedroom, and Tony was Steve. He was Galini's trusted aide. Tonnier's side would definitely be the first to be informed of any movements in jarini.

Â  Time passed by slowly. Xia ruofei was very patient. Anyway, the monk could run away, but the temple could not. He had to wait for Steve. He would only go back after gulini. At most, he would just change Liang Qichao's medicine a little later. It would not affect him much.

Â  The sun was slowly setting, and night was about to fall.

Â  The servants in the Galini Manor had their own duties, and the security guards were patrolling as usual. The whole Manor was heavily guarded, and no one knew that an "uninvited guest" had broken into the manor for a long time, and had been staying in Steve's house. In jarini's bedroom.

Â  At this moment, Xia ruofei's spiritual power detected that Tom's phone was ringing.

Â  Xia ruofei immediately focused all his attention on Tony and focused his spiritual power on this area.

Â  Tony took a look at the caller ID and quickly picked up, his attitude very respectful.""Mr. Garini, what can I do for you?"

Â  Xia ruofei's spirits were lifted and he increased the intensity of his mental strength. Although the sound of the phone was soft, he could still hear it clearly.

Â  "Tony, I've boarded the plane. It's about to take off." On the phone, Steve. Galini's voice was a little lazy, and he was obviously not in high spirits."Arrange for someone to pick us up."

Â  "Yes, Mr. Galini!" Tony said respectfully.

Â  On the other end, Steve. Galini did not say anything more and hung up the phone.

Â  Xia ruofei also heaved a sigh of relief. Galini did not have a good time in Brian, so he was ready to rush back to Melbourne overnight, which would also avoid a longer wait.

Â  After Tony Hung up the phone, he immediately started making arrangements.

Â  In addition to dispatching vehicles and the security personnel, he also asked the kitchen to start preparing food now. They had to prepare in advance whether or not Galini would eat after he returned.

Â  It took about two hours to fly from Brian, so there was plenty of time, but Tony didn't delay after making the arrangements. He quickly left the manor with a few cars, planning to wait for them at the airport.

Â  Xia ruofei did not follow them out. Instead, he continued to stay in the Galiny Manor. Galini would definitely come back tonight, and he would not be able to find anything if he stayed here.

Â  Maybe it was because of Steve. Since Galiny was coming back to stay, the servant who was in charge of cleaning the bedroom came here and cleaned the quiet bedroom again.

Â  Xia ruofei added a concealment talisman on himself. Even though he was in the room, the servant did not notice his presence. Maybe it was because of Steve. Since Galiny was coming back to stay, the servant who was in charge of cleaning the bedroom came here and cleaned the quiet bedroom again. Follow the latest novels ğ’ğ’ nğ’/velbin(.)com

Â  Xia ruofei added a concealment talisman on himself. Even though he was in the room, the servant did not notice his presence.

Â 