Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

3623 Return first (1)

Xia ruofei didn't go to Tang Yitian's house. Instead, he found a place near the Qi's clinic to land the airboat. Then, he appeared in an empty alley and walked to the Qi's clinic not far away.

He went straight to Liang Qichao's ward. When he pushed the door open, he saw Liang Qichao leaning against the bed and eating breakfast. The person sitting by the bed feeding him breakfast was not the nurse of Qi's clinic, but rather, it was Daphne.

When she saw Xia ruofei, she quickly put down her bowl and stood up.""Mr. Xia, you're here!"

"You're early, Daphne!"Xia ruofei said with a smile.

Daphne was generous. She smiled and said,""I left the Hunter Valley at dawn! I heard that Qi Chao was transferred to another hospital, and I was a little worried, so I came here as soon as I finished arranging the farm. "

Liang Qichao felt a little uncomfortable.""I already told her not to come, but she didn't listen. It's not safe outside now, and the road is even more dangerous. You say ..."

Xia ruofei smiled and waved his hand,"brother Liang, don't be so ignorant!" You should be secretly happy that Daphne is so devoted to you! You see, you might have become a cripple without legs, but she still didn't leave you. It's rare!"Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Xia ruofei and Liang Qichao communicated in Chinese. Although Daphne had been learning Chinese since they got together, it was one of the most difficult languages in the world. Therefore, her Chinese was still average. She could not understand a few words of their conversation, so she was still confused.

She thought for a moment and said in choppy Chinese,""Rare? Mr. Xia, it won't be difficult! It's only 60 minutes by car from the Hunter Valley."
﻿
Xia ruofei and Liang Qichao were stunned for a moment, then they looked at each other and laughed.

Xia ruofei said in English,"forget it, let's just communicate in English!" We can't bully Daphne for not knowing Chinese!"

Liang Qichao's English had become very fluent, so he changed to English and said, "I've never dared to bully her!"

This time, naturally, Daphne understood everything. She couldn't help but smile and say,"Qi Chao is very good to me. He never bullies me!"

"This dog food... Is really unexpected!" Xia ruofei couldn't help but roll his eyes.

"Dog food?" "What?" Daphne was confused.

Although Xia ruofei spoke in English, even if he said 'dog food' in English, Daphne still could not understand it.

Liang Qichao explained, not knowing whether to laugh or cry. He explained to Daphne the source of the Chinese internet trolls such as "single dogs" and "spreading dog food."

Daphne was also overjoyed. She laughed so hard that she couldn't even stand straight.

Xia ruofei smiled and said, "brother Liang, you look much better today!" Did you have a good night's sleep?"

"I slept all the way until dawn!" Liang Qichao said,"it's rare for me to sleep so well after I got injured. It seems like my wound doesn't hurt as much anymore!" But it's still a little itchy ..."

At this moment, there was a knock on the door. Xia ruofei said loudly," "Please enter!"

Qi Huan pushed the door open and walked in. When he saw Xia ruofei, he smiled and said, "Yo! Mr. Xia is here too!"

Xia ruofei smiled and pointed at Daphne. He said in


﻿
English," "Doctor Qi, to take care of the lady, we'll be speaking in English today!"

Qi Huan grew up in Australia, so his English was better than

Chinese. He naturally changed to English and said,""No problem! No problem!"

"Doctor Qi, what's the matter?" Xia ruofei asked.

"Oh! I'm here to deliver the inspection report!" Qi Huan quickly said.

Although the treatment was done by Xia ruofei himself, the clinic was in charge of the supplementary examinations and tests.

Xia ruofei didn't go to Tang Yitian's house. Instead, he found a place near the Qi's clinic to land the airboat. Then, he appeared in an empty alley and walked to the Qi's clinic not far away.

He went straight to Liang Qichao's ward. When he pushed the door open, he saw Liang Qichao leaning against the bed and eating breakfast. The person sitting by the bed feeding him breakfast was not the nurse of Qi's clinic, but rather, it was Daphne.

When she saw Xia ruofei, she quickly put down her bowl and stood up.""Mr. Xia, you're here!"

"You're early, Daphne!"Xia ruofei said with a smile.

Daphne was generous. She smiled and said, ""I left the Hunter Valley at dawn! I heard that Qi Chao was transferred to another hospital, and I was a little worried, so I came here as soon as I finished arranging the farm."

Liang Qichao felt a little uncomfortable.""I already told her not to come, but she didn't listen. It's not safe outside now, and the road is even more dangerous. You say ...

Xia ruofei smiled and waved his hand,"brother Liang, don't be so ignorant!" You should be secretly happy that Daphne is so devoted to you! You see, you might have become a cripple without legs, but she still didn't leave you. It's rare!"

Xia ruofei and Liang Qichao communicated in Chinese. Although Daphne had been learning Chinese since they got together, it was one of the most difficult languages in the world. Therefore, her Chinese was still average. She could not understand a few words of their conversation, so she was still confused.

She thought for a moment and said in choppy Chinese," "Rare? Mr. Xia, it won't be difficult! It's only 60 minutes by car from the Hunter Valley."
 