Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

3625 Eastern Immortal Technique (1)Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Tang Yitian was stunned for a moment, then said, "why are you in such a hurry?" To be honest, Jennifer was very reluctant to let you go out with Haoran this time. She was so happy that you came back. I thought that this time, the mother and son could be reunited for a few more days!" 1

Immediately after, Tang Yitian continued,""But we will definitely listen to your opinion. You're Haoran's master, just like his father. As long as you think it's good for Haoran, we'll support you unconditionally!"

Xia ruofei chuckled."Big brother Tang, the place I found for Haoran is very suitable for cultivation." In addition, Haoran is still young and has to go to school. There are not many opportunities for one or two months of concentrated cultivation like summer break, so I don't want him to waste time at home. In addition ... Big brother Tang, your Haoran's talent is really very, very good, so I also want to carefully cultivate him. I feel that his future achievements may not be below mine!"

Tang Yitian couldn't help but be overjoyed. He said, ""Ruofei, you've gone too far! Haoran is a Rascal, he doesn't deserve such an evaluation from you!"

"In terms of cultivation, my eyes are still very accurate!" Xia ruofei said, "Haoran's physique is special, so he often fell sick when he was young. However, if his special physique is counseled, it will be especially beneficial for his cultivation. Every drink and Peck is destined!"

"That's true!"Tang Yitian nodded repeatedly. If you didn't save him at the airport, Haoran would have been in danger. He was weak and sickly when he was a child. He went to many doctors, but they didn't work. They all said that Haoran might ... Die. They also suggested that we should plan ahead and have another child as soon as possible. But Jennifer and I loved Haoran very much. Because of Haoran's poor health, we never had any more children and wanted to pour all our love on him. The heavens have eyes. Haoran met a great benefactor like you. From then on, not only did he lose all his sorrows, but he also learned a lot of good skills ..."

"This must be the fate of master and disciple!" Xia ruofei chuckled and said, "big brother Tang, I'm doing this for Haoran's good. I want him to cultivate with me as soon as possible. I'll rush back as soon as possible after I send him to his place. I still need to settle the things here."

"Alright then!" Tang Yitian nodded and said, "I'll talk to Jennifer. When are you guys leaving?"

"Naturally, the faster the better!" Xia ruofei said,"that's why I want to leave in a while!"

"No problem!" Tang Yitian said, "you can rest here for a while. I'll talk to Jennifer and bring Haoran here!"

"Okay!" Xia ruofei nodded.

Tang Yitian pushed the door open and walked out of the study. After a while, he came back with Jennifer and Tang Haoran.

Jennifer pulled Tang Haoran's hand, her face revealing a bit of reluctance. Tang Yitian, on the other hand, was more at ease. He laughed and said, ""Jennifer, Haoran will only be gone for a month or so and will be back soon. It was a good thing for children to let him go out and gain experience. Besides, RUO Fei and the others will protect Haoran. What do you have to worry about?"

Jennifer let go of Tang Haoran's hand and said,""I'm just a little reluctant, but I'm not worried. RUO Fei, I'll leave Haoran to you!"

"Don't worry, Madam!"Xia ruofei chuckled.

"Haoran, say goodbye to your parents. Let's go!" He said to Tang Haoran.
﻿


"Yes, master!" Tang Haoran said obediently. He then bowed to Tang Yitian and Jennifer and said in a crisp voice," "Father, mother, master and I will take our leave first! You guys take care of your bodies!"

Tang Yitian nodded with relief. Although Jennifer's eyes were a little red, she still showed a relieved smile. She touched Tang Haoran's head and said,""Haoran, you're so good. You know how to care about adults!"

"Let's go!" Xia ruofei held Tang Haoran's hand and walked to the garden at the back of the manor.

"Ruofei, where are you going?" Tang Yitian asked curiously.

Although there was a back door in the garden, under normal circumstances, who would go out from the back door? They must have left through the front door, including Xia ruofei's previous times.

"Big brother Tang, Jennifer," Xia ruofei said with a smile, "I'll show you the methods of cultivators today. It'll make you feel more at ease!"

Tang Yitian's eyes suddenly brightened, and he quickly said," "Alright! I've long wanted to experience it! However, Haoran is very tight-lipped, and he has never shown us the skills you taught him. He's very mysterious."

"It's not that we want to be mysterious, but if these things were to spread to the secular world, I'm afraid it would cause a huge commotion. " Xia ruofei smiled. "That's why you must keep it a secret."

"No problem!" Tang Yitian said.

Then, he grabbed a servant who was passing by and said, "Give the order to evacuate all the staff and security personnel in the back garden. Turn off all the cameras as well. Do it immediately!"

"Okay, Mr. Tang!" The servant quickly ran to inform her.
﻿
Xia ruofei and the rest chatted as they walked. They were not in a hurry.

When they reached the back garden, the staff had all left. Xia ruofei scanned the place with his spiritual power and found that the power of the cameras had been pulled out.