Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

3626 The eastern Immortal Technique (2)

Xia ruofei held Tang Haoran's hand and walked into the garden. Then, he turned around and looked at Tang Yitian and his wife, who were staring at him with curiosity. He smiled and said,"Big brother Tang, Jennifer, let's part ways here! I should be back soon. Haoran ... The next time you see him will be when school starts!"

"Okay!" Tang Yitian nodded. But, ruofe... How are you going to get there?"

Xia ruofei smiled and took out the black Phoenix flying ship from the spirit map space. He threw it up and the black Phoenix flying ship enlarged as it rose. Soon, it was suspended about two meters above the ground.

Of course, the black Phoenix flying ship had activated a concealment talisman, so even though it had already covered the entire back garden, Tang Yitian and his wife couldn't see it at all.

Xia ruofei smiled at the two of them. Then, he held Tang Haoran's hand and jumped onto the deck of the airboat.

Tang Yitian and Jennifer's eyes widened. In their field of vision, Xia ruofei and Tang Haoran were floating at an altitude of two meters.

"This ... This ..." Tang Yitian was dumbfounded.

Jennifer's mouth was wide open as she muttered," "God ... What am I seeing..."

Xia ruofei turned to Tang Haoran and said," "Wave goodbye to your parents, we should be leaving!"

"Oh! Master!" Tang Haoran also found his parents 'reactions very interesting and was watching the show with a smile. After hearing Xia ruofei's words, he waved at Tang Yitian and Jennifer and said,"mom, dad, goodbye!"

As soon as Tang Haoran finished speaking, Xia ruofei controlled the black Phoenix flying ship and flew upwards. Then, it turned into a beam of light and disappeared into the horizon.

In Tang Yitian and Jennifer's eyes, Xia ruofei and Tang Haoran had flown away directly into the air at a speed that was simply jaw- dropping.

The two of them could not come back to their senses for a long time, and it was Jennifer who muttered first," "Jason, this ... This is the mysterious Eastern Immortal Technique? It's too shocking and unbelievable...Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

Tang Yitian looked at the sky in a daze and said,""I don't know! They... They flew away?"

"Nonsense!" Jennifer glared at Tang Yitian."We saw it with our own eyes. It can't be magic, right?" It must be an Eastern Immortal Technique!"

Then, Jennifer could not help but say," "Isaac, do you think our son Haoran also knows such a mysterious Immortal Technique? Oh my God, I've become the mother of a deity?"

"It's hard to say ... Haoran shouldn't be that powerful. "Tang Yitian said. However ... RUO Fei told me that Haoran is very talented in cultivation. He said it himself, that Haoran's future achievements may not be worse than his!"

"That is to say, Haoran will be able to fly away like this in the future?" Jennifer asked.

"Maybe!" Tang Yitian mumbled, then he said seriously, "Jennifer, you must keep your mouth shut about everything you saw today. You can't tell anyone." We can't let down RUO Fei's trust!"

"Don't worry! How could I be so insensible?" Jennifer said.

"My son just left, and I'm already missing him!" She continued.

Tang Yitian quickly said,"take your time to think about it!" I'm not done with my work, so I'll go back to the study first!"

He was indeed concerned about the secret Foundation. He also had to decide on a candidate as soon as possible. If he could not decide on a candidate by the time Xia ruofei returned to Sydney, it would really drag down the entire plan.

Jennifer glared at Tang Yitian and said, "You ...

However, before she could finish her sentence, Tang Yitian had already run away and hid in the study.

The black Phoenix flying ship was flying steadily above the Pacific Ocean. Above it was the clear blue sky while below it was the endless ocean.

Xia ruofei laughed and said to Tang Haoran,""Haoran, you're going to Peach Blossom Island this time. You'll have to stay there for more than a month. Do you miss home?"

"I won 't!" Tang Haoran said, "it's not easy for me to cultivate to my heart's content. I'm so happy! Besides, my parents will probably only think of me for the first few days. After a while, they won't even have time to spend it alone, so why would they care about where I go?"

"Woof! You mischievous little fellow!" Xia ruofei couldn't help but burst out laughing.

The journey from Australia to Paradise Island was half the distance from China, so the flight time was only about an hour. The master and disciple did not cultivate. They just sat in the cabin and chatted.

Although Tang Haoran was young, he knew a lot. When it came to cultivation, his eyes would light up, especially when it came to the anecdote of the cultivation world. He listened with great interest and always had a lot of questions to ask Xia ruofei.

With such a happy person, the one-hour flight would naturally not be boring.

Unknowingly, the black Phoenix flying ship had already arrived near the Peach Blossom Island.

Due to the dense spiritual Qi on the island, there was a thin layer of mist covering it almost all year round. Looking down from a distance, it really looked like Penglai Immortal Island.

"We're here!" Xia ruofei said.

He then began to remotely control the great void clarity formation, and the black Phoenix flying ship nimbly slipped into a hole opened up by the formation. In the blink of an eye, the Flying Ship entered the island, and the hole quickly closed up.

Xia ruofei and Tang Haoran landed on the rooftop of the Yanhuang building. When the master and disciple jumped off the flying boat, Li Yifu and the others who were left on Peach Blossom Island had already sensed the arrival of the black Phoenix flying boat and rushed to the rooftop.

Xia ruofei shrunk the black Phoenix flying boat and kept it. Then, he brought Tang Haoran to the entrance of the building.

At this time, Li Yifu, Song Wei, Ling Qingxue, and Zheng Yongshou, who had already taken a public jet back to Peach Blossom Island, had also arrived at the rooftop.

"RUO Fei, you're finally back!" Song Wei smiled and said, "it's just picking someone up. You actually went for a few days!"

"Maybe he has a girlfriend in Australia. He's so happy that he can't think about home!" Ling Qingxue chuckled.

Zheng Yongshou quickly bowed and called out from a distance," "Good day, Mr. Xia!"

Li Yifu was also very respectful. He came forward and bowed," "Greetings, martial granduncle! Greetings, little martial uncle!"
﻿
An old man calling a young child his little uncle - Master was something that would only happen in the world of cultivation. Although Xia ruofei had said that Li Yifu and Tang Yitian should have their own opinions, which meant that Li Yifu was still Tang Yitian's elder, Tang Haoran couldn't have his own opinions.

Because Tang Haoran was Xia ruofei's direct disciple, and Li Yifu was also from this line, this kind of direct descendant relationship naturally paid great attention to seniority.

Tang Haoran was a little reserved. He was still not used to being treated with such respect by Grandpa li.

Xia ruofei chuckled and said,"no need for formalities!" You don't have to be so polite!"

Then, he turned to Song Wei and Ling Qingxue and explained," "There's a small problem with Paradise Farm, and I've decided to stay in Australia to deal with it. This time, I'm also sending Haoran over first so as not to delay his cultivation. I'll be going back to Australia soon, there are still some things to deal with there."

"Is there trouble at Paradise Farm?" Li Yifu frowned slightly and said,"grand uncle - Master, do you need me to step in? I still have some influence in the secular world and I have quite a few friends in Australia. "

"No need, I'm almost done." Xia ruofei said calmly," although I don't have many friends in Australia, these days... The fist is the law. We don't provoke people, but we can't be afraid to stand up when people bully us."

Li Yifu immediately knew that the matter with Paradise Farm was not a small one, and he immediately said with a murderous look," "Martial granduncle, this disciple is also very good at killing people. How about ... This time, this disciple will accompany you!"

Xia ruofei was like a god in Li Yifu's heart. If anyone dared to provoke Xia ruofei, Li Yifu would not hesitate to fight them to the death.

Xia ruofei laughed and said," what are you accompanying me for?" Do we even need to join hands to deal with a few ordinary people? Aren't you giving them too much face? Zi said that this is a critical moment in your cultivation, and your only task is to break through to Jindan! Don't come out so easily, I think you don't need to care about anything else. From today on, you'll be in a closed - door training, and you're not allowed to come out until you break through to Jindan!"
 