Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

3628 Â Disciple's breakthrough (2)

Â  Xia ruofei said at the door,"alright, you guys can go and cultivate!" I'll just tutor Haoran. You don't don't have any problems except that I don't know how to cook!"

Â  "Very, very good!" Xia ruofei chuckled and said,"alright, let's cut to the chase. Let's start cultivating!"

Â  Xia ruofei took out half a Vermilion Jade Fruit from the spirit map space and handed it to Tang need to go into closed - door cultivation tomorrow, foster husband. I need you to hand over some matters to elder Zheng right now and go into closed - door cultivation today!"

Â  "This ..." Li Yifu hesitated for a moment, then said,"okay! This disciple will obey!"

Â  Xia ruofei and Tang Haoran walked into the room. As they closed the curtains, they said,""Haoran, if there's anything you need here, tell old Zheng and ask him to prepare it for you! Oh, by the way, you can take a shower and change your clothes by yourself, right?"

Â  "Master, I could live independently long ago!" Tang Haoran did not know whether to laugh or cry."I don't have any problems except that I don't know how to cook!"

Â  "Very, very good!" Xia ruofei laughed and said,"alright, let's cut the chit - chat and start cultivating now!"

Â  Xia ruofei took out half a Vermilion Jade Fruit from the spirit map space and handed it to Tang Haoran.""Eat this half of the spirit fruit!"

Â  "This spirit fruit is pretty!" Tang Haoran took the Vermillion Jade Fruit and said with a smile,"thank you, master!"

Â  After he finished speaking, he ate the Vermillion Jade Fruit without hesitation.

Â  Tang Haoran immediately felt the surging medicinal properties in his dantian, and his expression changed slightly.

Â  Xia ruofei promptly handed over a crystal and smiled.""Use origin crystals to cultivate! Don't think about anything else, just use the "fierce yang Scripture" with all your might!"

Â  "Yes, master!" Tang Haoran said quickly.

Â  After he took the origin crystal, he immediately sat cross - legged on the soft carpet. Holding the origin crystal in his hand, he began to cultivate the "fierce yang Scripture".

Â  The heavenly Grand formation itself had the effect of refreshing and concentrating the mind. Moreover, after taking the Vermillion Jade Fruit, it was easier to enter the state of cultivation. Therefore, Tang Haoran almost did not stop. As soon as he sat down, he instantly entered the state of cultivation. Moreover, it was the kind of deep level cultivation that completely forgot himself.

Â  Xia ruofei also sat down at the side. However, he did not cultivate. Instead, he kept releasing his spiritual power to monitor Tang Haoran's condition.

Â  The medicinal properties of half a Vermilion Jade Fruit were most suitable for cultivators at the fifth or sixth Qi layer. It wouldn't be too violent, and at the same time, it wouldn't be too wasteful.

Â  Tang Haoran's current cultivation level was at the peak of refined Qi Level 4. He was only a paper window away from refined Qi Level 5. Therefore, almost as soon as he took the Vermillion Jade Fruit, the aura in his body suddenly rose by a section, breaking through the bottleneck of this level as if he was crushing dry weeds and smashing rotten wood.

Â  "Yes! This disciple will follow senior granduncle's instructions!" Li Yifu lowered his head and said,"from tomorrow onwards, I will be in closed - door cultivation!"

Â  Xia ruofei nodded and said,"yes!" Yongshou will be on the island during this period of time, so you can just hand over some daily affairs to him!"

Â  "Alright, martial granduncle!" Li Yifu said.

Â  "Yes! Mr. Xia!" Zheng Yongshou also quickly responded.

Â  "Arrange a room for Haoran first!" Xia ruofei said,"I'm going to guide him in his cultivation. After that, I'll have to make a trip back to Australia!"

Â  "Alright!" Li Yifu said,"the room has already been prepared!" Visitt novğ’†lbin(.)cğ’/m for the lğ’‚test updates

Â  "Haoran, are you afraid to sleep alone?" Xia ruofei asked with a smile.

Â  "You're underestimating me too much, master!"Tang Haoran puffed out his chest and said. I've been sleeping alone at home for a long time!"

Â  Xia ruofei smiled and nodded.""Mm! If you're scared at night, no one will come and comfort you!"

Â  "I'm not afraid!" "I'm a cultivator!" Tang Haoran said proudly.

Â  Then, Tang Haoran said,"master, the spiritual Qi here is so dense!" I can't wait to start cultivating!"

Â  Xia ruofei laughed and said,"sure!" Let's go down now! In fact, not only is the spiritual energy here rich, but there are also many other benefits. You'll find out soon enough!"

Â  The group went downstairs. Li Yifu had already arranged a room for Tang Haoran before Xia ruofei left. It was right next to his room. He had considered that the child was too young and might be afraid of the dark at night.

Â  Xia ruofei said at the door,"alright, you guys can go and cultivate!" I'll just tutor Haoran. You don't need to go into closed - door cultivation tomorrow, foster husband. I need you to hand over some matters to elder Zheng right now and go into closed - door cultivation today!" Let's go and cultivate! I'll just tutor Haoran. You don't need to go into closed - door cultivation tomorrow, foster husband. I need you to hand over some matters to elder Zheng right now and go into closed - door cultivation today!"

Â 