Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

3630 The establishment of the foundation (2)

"Of course, my idioms are the best!" Jennifer said with some pride, it seems that little Haoran is really a heartless little guy!"

Xia ruofei couldn't help but laugh."Jennifer, is big brother Tang still at home today?"

"He has been in the study since yesterday and hasn't come out yet." Jennifer said, "I've sent him food twice to make sure he's still alive..."

Xia ruofei was stunned for a moment, then he laughed and said, "Big brother Tang is too hard on himself! I'll go see him!"

"Make sure he gets some rest today!" Jennifer said,"it's too harmful to his body to stay up late at his age!"

"Understood!" Xia ruofei said.

He walked to the door of the study and knocked on it. He raised his voice and said, ""Big brother Tang, it's me, Xia ruofei!"

The sound of footsteps suddenly came from the study room, and then the door suddenly opened. Tang Yitian with unkempt hair, unshaven beard, and red eyes appeared at the door.

Seeing Tang Yitian's face, Xia ruofei was also shocked.""Big brother Tang, you've stayed up for two nights! Do you still want to live?"

"I'm fine!" Tang Yitian's spirit was still quite excited. He said with a smile,"I've basically made the plan and selected the first batch of candidates. I'm preparing to meet Steve in two days. Let's meet at Kaliny!"

"Let's talk inside!" Xia ruofei said.

After he and Tang Yitian entered the study room, he took out a porcelain bottle from his bag. It was actually a spirit pool water from the spirit map space. He handed it to Tang Yitian and said, "Big brother Tang, you drink this bottle of water first!"

The spatial spirit pool water could speed up the recovery of mental power. For ordinary people, it was also very effective in recovering energy. It was much more powerful than any energy drink on the market.

The next morning, Xia ruofei left Tang Haoran on Peach Blossom Island and returned to Australia on the black Phoenix flying boat. Besides practicing the "absolute beginning Scripture" with Song Wei and Ling Qingxue last night, Xia ruofei and the other two naturally had a ridiculous time. Absence makes the heart grow fonder! Fortunately, Xia ruofei was already an intermediate stage golden core cultivator, so the soreness in his waist and knees did not exist.

The return trip was smooth. Xia ruofei arrived in Sydney at around 9 A. M. Local time.

As usual, he went straight to the Qi clinic to treat Liang Qichao's leg before going to Tang Yitian.

This time, Qi Huan had already arrived at Liang Qichao's ward in advance to wait. When he saw Xia ruofei, he said in surprise," "Mr. Xia, the results of today's examination are out! The target was very good! Mr. Liang's injuries were recovering very well! It seems that your treatment is very effective!"

After he finished speaking, Qi Huan handed the stack of medical reports to Xia ruofei.

Xia ruofei took it and quickly scanned through it. Although the infection still existed, it was much better than a few days ago. All the indicators of his body were developing in a good direction. This was especially true for the liver that had undergone partial hepatectomy, and its recovery was also quite good.
﻿
Xia ruofei smiled and said,"that's a good thing!" Doctor Qi, I have a suggestion ...

"Please speak! Please speak!" Qi Huan quickly said.

He was now in awe of Xia ruofei's medical skills. Although he did not know much about Chinese medicine, he knew that anyone who could use Chinese medicine to achieve such an amazing effect was definitely at the level of a Divine Doctor. However, Xia ruofei was so young and yet had such high medical skills. In the field of Chinese medicine, which relied heavily on experience, it was a miracle.

Xia ruofei smiled and said, "I suggest that we reduce the frequency of blood tests like this. Now that brother Liang's injury is more stable, it's a pain for the patient to take blood tests every day. Besides, it's not good for the body to take too much blood!"

In fact, very little blood was drawn for the test. Xia ruofei was just using this as an excuse to make a suggestion. After all, he was very confident in his treatment. Liang Qichao really did not need to check for tests so frequently.

Liang Qichao quickly said,"yes, yes, yes!" I think we can check it every few days!"

Every day, he had to be injected with needles and had a few tubes of blood drawn out. It was quite painful for Liang Qichao.

Qi Huan nodded and said,"I think it's possible!" Besides, Mr. Xia is the main doctor in Mr. Liang's treatment, so your words are the doctor's orders. Our clinic will fully cooperate."

"Alright, then I won't draw blood tomorrow." Xia ruofei chuckled and said," a check-up once every five to seven days should be enough."

"No problem!" Qi Huan said,"Mr. Xia, if there's nothing else, I won't disturb your treatment!"

"Alright, thank you for your hard work!"
﻿


Qi Huan left the ward with the nurse. Xia ruofei smiled at Liang Qichao and said, ""Did Daphne go back?"

"She left yesterday evening." Liang Qichao said, "I'm lying in bed. It's a time of trouble. I need her to take charge of Paradise Farm!"

"Isn't she worried that you'll hook up with the nurses here?" Xia ruofei asked with a smile.

Liang Qichao smiled bitterly and said,"I'm wrapped up like a dumpling now. How am I supposed to seduce the nurse?" However ... RUO Fei, your healing effect is really good! It's simply beyond my expectations! What a big surprise!"

Xia ruofei nodded and said,"yes!" From the looks of it, your legs are basically safe. You'll have to cooperate with the follow-up treatment, especially in the future rehabilitation training. 

With the same injury, some people can walk normally after recovery, and even run without a problem, while some people will become lame. To a large extent, it's because they didn't do their rehabilitation training well!"

"I understand!" Liang Qichao said with a straight face. After this incident, I've finally realized that nothing is more important than a healthy body! I'll definitely do my best to cooperate with the rehabilitation training. Otherwise, wouldn't it be a waste of your hard work these days?"

"Alright, let's start today's treatment!" Xia ruofei nodded with a smile.

Liang Qichao replied easily,"no problem!" It seems like I can have a good night's sleep!"

Liang Qichao was experienced now. He would fall asleep soon after the treatment.Ch𝒆êck out l𝒂t𝒆st 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l𝒔 on nov𝒆l/bin(.)c𝒐m

Xia ruofei performed acupuncture on Liang Qichao skillfully. Naturally, Liang Qichao fell asleep as soon as the acupuncture started. Then, Xia ruofei removed the ointment and dripped the spirit Heart Flower petal solution into it. Finally, he changed the ointment.

After the treatment, Xia ruofei tucked Liang Qichao in and walked out of the ward quietly.

Xia ruofei told the nurse not to disturb Liang Qichao's rest and to wait until he woke up before taking care of him.

After that, Xia ruofei left the Qi clinic. He found a quiet place and summoned his flying sword. Then, he flew directly to Tang Yitian's Manor.

When Jennifer saw Xia ruofei, she could not help but show a trace of disappointment in her eyes because she did not see her son, Tang Haoran, next to Xia ruofei.

Of course, this was within his expectations.

Jennifer welcomed Xia ruofei in and asked, ""Ruofei, is Haoran alright?"

"We haven't seen each other for only one night and you're already missing your son?" Xia ruofei smiled and said, "he's doing well. He's a little too happy to think about home! By the way, do you know what it means to have too much fun to think about home?"

"Of course, my idioms are the best!" Jennifer said with some pride," it seems that little Haoran is really a heartless little guy!"

Xia ruofei couldn't help but laugh."Jennifer, is big brother Tang still at home today?"

"He has been in the study since yesterday and hasn't come out yet." Jennifer said, "I've sent him food twice, and it's also because he has been in the study since yesterday and hasn't come out yet." Jennifer said,"I've sent him food twice because I've been in the study since yesterday and I haven't come out yet." Jennifer said, "I've sent him food twice, and it was also for the sake of him.
 