Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

3631 Personally watching over him (1)

Xia ruofei nodded."You guys can discuss these things.

Professionals do professional things. I'm just an outsider. I won't get involved!"

"You're just lazy!"Tang Yitian laughed. You're the boss of a big company, so how could you not know anything about business operations?"

"I really don't understand!" Xia ruofei chuckled and said,"I've never asked about the specifics of the peach blossom company. I've left it to the professional team to handle! Big brother Tang, you should do more work!"Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

"Good, good, good!" Tang Yitian smiled and said, but ... In this way, Grello will be able to escape. We might have to keep him with the Galini family for now, in case there's any unrest in the family and any complications."

Xia ruofei nodded and said, "okay!" Then let him live for two more months, and I'll deal with him myself!"

Including Steve. Xia ruofei did not plan to keep kalini alive. The brothers 'actions had crossed Xia ruofei's line. They had used assassination to deal with Liang Qichao, which meant that they were on the death list.

Xia ruofei got up and said, "alright, big brother Tang. You and Steve work together. You don't have to tell me about these things in the future. I don't want to know either." By the way, you'd better establish your own safe communication channel."

"That's for sure!" Tang Yitian said,"Steve. "Galiny will be living in Sydney in the next two or three months. He has a property in Sydney that is not far from my Manor. In addition, he often comes to Sydney to stay for a while during this season in previous years, so it won't be too sudden. 

This way, it'll be easier to contact them when the time comes!"

"En!" Xia ruofei nodded and said,"if there's nothing else, let's go back!"

Then he turned to Steve. "Steve," said Galiny, "you should hurry up and settle the Foundation's matter. And then, you must ask Mr. Tang in time if there's anything you need to do. Do you understand?"

"Yes, master!" Steve. Galini said immediately.

Xia ruofei nodded and casually put a concealment talisman on himself and Tang Yitian. Then, the two of them swaggered out of the Garni Manor.

Outside the manor, the two of them switched to the black Phoenix flying ship and quickly returned to Sydney.

After they arrived home, Tang Yitian invited Xia ruofei into the study room. He took a list from the desk and handed it to Xia ruofei, saying," "Ruofei, this is a list of people I've drawn up these past two days. They are all absolutely reliable and professional. I plan to use this group of people as the foundation to run this secret Foundation."

Xia ruofei glanced at the name list. He didn't know most of the people on it, but most of them were Chinese. There were also a few foreigners.

He nodded and said, "since big brother Tang has chosen a good person, then hurry up and arrange for me to meet them." By the way, you haven't told them the news, have you?"

"Of course, how can I leak any information before you make the decision?" "This is too important," Tang Yitian said. "We can't be careless."

Xia ruofei chuckled."Then you'll have to choose your people first. What if they're not willing?"


﻿
"I won 't!" "Those who were selected by me must be obedient to me, including the three Australians inside. If I tell them to go east, they definitely won't dare to go west!" Tang Yitian said with a smile. "That's good!" Xia ruofei chuckled and nodded.

"Ruofei, should I arrange for them to accept your interview?" "About half of them are in Sydney," Tang Yitian said."The rest of them can get here on the same day if they take a plane."

"Then hurry up!" Xia ruofei said, if you can arrange it, it's best to meet today."

"No problem!" Tang Yitian said, "I'll go and inform them to come to my Manor!"

"Alright!" Xia ruofei nodded and said, "I want to talk to them one by one. Please prepare a room for me!"

"Alright!" Tang Yitian said, then raised his hand to look at his watch."It's late. Let's have lunch first and start your interview in the afternoon!" Those from other places might only arrive in the evening."

"I'm fine!" Xia ruofei said, "if we really can't do it, we can arrange for a batch this afternoon and another batch tomorrow."

He would definitely stay in Sydney for a few more days. He planned to treat Liang Qichao three more times, then leave a batch of ointment mixed with the petals of the spirit Heart Flower for Liang Qichao to continue using. He could then Return to Paradise Island to cultivate.

"Then it's decided!" Tang Yitian said, "let's go! Let's go eat first!"

Xia ruofei, Tang Yitian, and his wife had lunch together in the dining room. Tang Yitian had arranged a guest room for Xia ruofei so that he could take a nap.

At twoo' clock in the afternoon, Tang Yitian woke Xia ruofei up with an internal call.""Ruofei, the people in Sydney are all here. You can meet them after you've rested!"

"I'll get up now. Give me two minutes!" Xia ruofei said.

He got out of bed, washed up, changed his clothes, and then walked out of the guest room.

Tang Yitian walked up to him."There's a small meeting room over there. You can meet them there. I'll let them go in one by one!"

"You're very thoughtful, big brother Tang!" Xia ruofei said with a smile.