Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

3633 Retreat after achieving success (1)

Xia ruofei didn't care how Tang Yitian would deal with Lin Xiaoguang. After dinner, he chatted with Tang Yitian and his wife for a while and went back to his room to cultivate.

The next morning, he went straight to the Qi family's clinic to give Liang Qichao a check - up, and then he went for another treatment.

Liang Qichao's injuries were getting better, and he was basically out of danger. Even if he were to be treated in a normal hospital from now on, there wouldn't be any problems. The risk of amputating both legs was lower. However, the recovery effect of treatment in the hospital was definitely not as good as Xia ruofei's treatment. His goal was not only to save Liang Qichao's legs, but also to restore Liang Qichao to his condition before he was injured. Even the top surgery team could not guarantee such a goal. After all, Liang Qichao's injury was too serious.

Hence, Xia ruofei would continue to be in charge of Liang Qigong's treatment, but he would not be wasting his time here.

After treating Liang Qichao, Xia ruofei returned to Tang Yitian's Manor.

The second batch of candidates from the Golden Foundation had also gathered in the manor. The furthest one was said to have come from new new Zealand.

Xia ruofei immediately went to the small conference room and 'talked' to them one by one.

More than an hour later, the 17 candidates had been screened.

According to Xia ruofei's judgment, there were 15 people who met the criteria. The other two were not the kind of people who had sneaked in with ulterior motives. They were just not strong-willed enough, or they had obvious weaknesses that could be easily taken advantage of.
﻿
All in all, Tang Yitian's judgment of people was still very accurate. To be honest, Tang Yitian had been very nervous in the morning. He didn't let out a sigh of relief until he heard the final result from Xia ruofei.

Yesterday, Lin Xiaoguang had already made him a little anxious.

After all, the two families were long-time friends. Lin Xiaoguang's father's generation had already served the Tang family, and the old man was still alive. It could be said that Tang Yitian had known Lin Xiaoguang since they were young. He was more than ten years older than Lin Xiaoguang, and he was the Big Brother among the group of children at that time. Now that Lin Xiaoguang had betrayed the Tang family and him, he had too many scruples to deal with.

He had carefully selected these twenty to thirty people. If any of them had a problem, it would not only be a matter of face to him, but also an emotional blow.

Fortunately, there were no traitors in the group today.

Even if Xia ruofei didn't judge them to be qualified, there was no problem for them to continue working in Tang Yitian's company. However, with Xia ruofei's judgment, Tang Yitian certainly wouldn't dare to entrust them with heavy responsibilities.

After helping Tang Yitian screen all the people, Xia ruofei handed the list to Tang Yitian and said with a smile," "Big brother Tang, my mission here is considered complete. I'll be relying on you from now on! Steve. You don't have to worry about galni, he won't have any disloyalty. Just order him around!"

Tang Yitian nodded. "You've already gotten through the most crucial part. At this point, the possibility of success is very high. You can rest assured!"

Xia ruofei laughed. "Don't worry even if something goes wrong. I know that the iron mining industry in Australia is very deep. The other large mining companies are not easy to deal with. If the news is leaked, it may pose a threat to your safety and affect your own business. However, if such a situation really does occur, you just need to inform me at the first moment. At most, I'll just wipe them all out. Anyway, I'm just here to watch the fun."

Xia ruofei's last sentence was full of killing intent. Even Tang Yitian, who was a formidable character, couldn't help but tremble in his heart.

He nodded and said,"according to Steve and I. As long as there were no major mistakes in the operation, the possibility of the information being leaked was low. But after everything is done, you'll have to deal with the Galini brothers. By then, it'll be a mess, and the industries under the Foundation's control will inevitably be exposed. Of course, by that time, everything would have already been set in stone. Moreover, the foundation itself would have gone through some equity manipulation and there would still be a high probability of hiding behind the scenes."Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Xia ruofei pondered for a moment and said, "the Kaliny brothers must be disposed of, but if you're in trouble, I can temporarily get rid of Steve." Galini would stay for a while, but Grello would. I won't let Galiny continue to be so free. After the transfer of assets is completed, I will kill him!"

"If we can keep Steve. Galini, that's naturally the best!" Tang Yitian said," he has many years of experience in the iron ore industry. He's also the stabilizing force of the Kaliny family. As long as he's still around, the Kaliny family won't fall into chaos."

"Then it's decided for the time being. Two months ... At most three months later, I'll get rid of Grello first. Galini!" Xia ruofei said, "as for Steve. Galini, when is the time to actually deal with him? big brother Tang, please tell me and I'll deal with him at that time!"

"That's great!" Tang Yitian said.
﻿
"But..." Xia ruofei said seriously,"brother Tang, don't be fooled by Steve. Galini's respectful appearance confused me. He's a venomous snake that's much more dangerous than a Mad Dog like Grello. It's just that he's completely under my control. I've also asked him about his 'glorious history! The dirty things he's done can't be compared to dying a hundred times over. Don't you ever feel any sympathy for him."
 