Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

3673 Upholding justice (1)

"Of course it's Shui Yuan, who doesn't know his place ..." Lu Yuqing was in the middle of her triumphant speech when she saw who it was. Her expression changed slightly and she greeted him respectfully," "Greetings, sect leader Chen!"bender

The person who came was Chen Xuan. Initially, he had wanted to arrange for someone to deal with it. However, as he was leaving, he thought that this was a good opportunity for Xia ruofei to show his goodwill. Since he was going to do it, he had to do it beautifully. The best way to deal with it was to go there himself. Anyway, the courtyards of the vassal sects were not far from here. He could just call over a handyman disciple on the way and ask him where they were.

Hence, Chen Xuan headed straight for the courtyard that Lu You was staying in.

Unexpectedly, before he even entered the courtyard, he heard a commotion from inside.

The voice belonged to elder Zhou gan's son, Zhou Junsheng. Even though the voice was familiar, the insufferably arrogant tone was unfamiliar to Chen Xuan. Zhou Junsheng had always been respectful and fawning in front of Chen Xuan. Chen Xuan had never seen Zhou Junsheng acting so arrogantly in front of cultivators from a vassal sect.

In reality, even Zhou Junsheng's father, Zhou gan, would treat Chen Xuan with utmost respect and would not dare to show the slightest disrespect.

Zhou gan was only at the early golden core stage, which was similar to Chen Xuan's cultivation. However, Chen Xuan was so young, so his potential was obviously much greater. Furthermore, Chen Xuan was the young sect master of the first heaven society. Even though they were both elders, there was a huge difference in their status.

Chen Xuan decided not to rush in and stood at the entrance of the courtyard, listening quietly.

If he, a Jindan cultivator, wanted to eavesdrop, how could the Qi layer cultivators in the courtyard find out?

Chen Xuan had already heard the whole story from Xia ruofei. Now that he heard Zhou Junsheng, Lu Yuqing, and the others referring to a deer as a horse, he naturally felt that it was ridiculous.

In fact, even if they did not know the truth, Zhou Junsheng and Lu Yuqing's words were quite ridiculous and completely illogical.

However, Zhou Junsheng had relied on his status as the first heaven society's Deacon and the Son of an elder to unreasonably push all the blame onto Shen Hu and Lu You. The two of them did not even have the chance to argue.

When Chen Xuan heard Lu Yuqing's triumphant declaration that she was going to kick Shen Hu and his disciple out of the house, he could no longer hold back his anger. He pushed open the door and walked in.

That was why the scene just now happened.

Chen Xuan was well-known in the first heaven society and even in the entire cultivation world. Other than Lu You, there was no one who didn't know him.

As such, the moment Chen Xuan appeared, everyone rushed forward to greet him. Even the golden sword sect's Shen Hao and the birdcage - carrying elder Liu were no exception.

When Zhou Junsheng saw Chen Xuan, he couldn't help but feel his heart skip a beat. He quickly stepped forward and greeted him respectfully," "Greetings, young sect leader!"

Shen Hu quickly gave Lu You a look and came forward with Lu You to greet Chen Xuan.
﻿
The moment he caught sight of Chen Xuan, Shen Hu's heart finally settled down.

Without a doubt, the situation that they were in had been completely reversed with Chen Xuan's appearance.

Shen Hu was convinced that Chen Xuan was entrusted by Xia ruofei to handle this matter.

Chen Xuan's face darkened. Due to his high position, everything he saw and heard had been filtered out. He had indeed not seen much of what had happened today.

The disciples of the first heaven society were bullying Xia ruofei's friend. This made Chen Xuan furious.𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

There was not a trace of a smile on his face. His expression was very cold as he asked indifferently," "Who said something about being kicked out? Who are you going to kick out?"

Lu Yuqing lowered her head, not daring to say a word.

Zhou Junsheng bit the bullet and said,""Young head, it's just some friction and misunderstanding between subordinate sects. Let me deal with it ...

"Of course it's Shui Yuan, who doesn't know his place ..." Lu Yuqing was in the middle of her triumphant speech when she saw who it was. Her expression changed slightly and she greeted him respectfully," "Greetings, sect leader Chen!"

The person who came was Chen Xuan. Initially, he had wanted to arrange for someone to deal with it. However, as he was leaving, he thought that this was a good opportunity for Xia ruofei to show his goodwill. Since he was going to do it, he had to do it beautifully. The best way to deal with it was to go there himself. 

Anyway, the courtyards of the vassal sects were not far from here. He could just call over a handyman disciple on the way and ask him where they were.
﻿
Hence, Chen Xuan headed straight for the courtyard that Lu You was staying in.

Unexpectedly, before he even entered the courtyard, he heard a commotion from inside.

The voice belonged to elder Zhou gan's son, Zhou Junsheng. Even though the voice was familiar, the insufferably arrogant tone was unfamiliar to Chen Xuan. Zhou Junsheng had always been respectful and fawning in front of Chen Xuan. Chen Xuan had never seen Zhou Junsheng acting so arrogantly in front of cultivators from a vassal sect.

In fact, even Zhou Junsheng's father, Zhou gan, would treat Chen Xuan with utmost respect.

Zhou gan was only at the early golden core stage, which was similar to Chen Xuan's cultivation. However, Chen Xuan was so young, so his potential was obviously much greater. Furthermore, Chen Xuan was the young sect master of the first heaven society. Even though they were both elders, there was a huge difference in their status.

Chen Xuan decided not to rush in and stood at the entrance of the courtyard, listening quietly.