Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3678: Early nascent Soul Stage (1)

Translator: 549690339

Looking at his father’s back, Chen Xuan was filled with excitement.

The nascent soul realm. Ever since the Earth’s cultivation environment began to deteriorate, there had never been a nascent soul realm cultivator.

This level of cultivation was nothing in the cultivation world when everything was in full bloom. At that time, there were many immortal soul Stage cultivators, and many powerful seniors whose cultivation was unfathomable.

But now, there had not been a nascent soul cultivator in the cultivation world for hundreds of years. Chen Nanfeng being able to break through to the nascent Soul Stage was not unprecedented, but it was definitely a shocking feat.

Everyone in the first heaven society felt honored. As Chen Nanfeng’s son, Chen Xuan naturally felt even prouder.

Furthermore, Chen Nanfeng had been stuck at the peak of the late – Stage golden elixir realm for so many years. The reason he was so confident in breaking through this time was largely due to the opportunities and resources Chen Xuan had obtained from this trip to the mystic Luna realm.

Therefore, if Chen Nanfeng could successfully break through, the biggest hero would be Chen Xuan.

Chen Nanfeng continued with a friendly smile,””Fellow Daoists, if Nanfeng can successfully break through to the nascent Soul Stage today, the first heaven society will hold a grand banquet to welcome you all. In addition, I will also go up the stage to give a Dao lecture after my cultivation has been consolidated. At the same time, I have an opportunity to give to the fated person. I hope that everyone can also enjoy the happy atmosphere!”

Chen Nanfeng was clearly very confident about this breakthrough. He had told everyone about the follow – up celebration arrangements in advance.

If he wasn’t very confident, he definitely wouldn’t have done this, because if he failed to break through, what he said now would become a laughingstock. It would spread throughout the entire cultivation world in a very short time.

When the cultivators on the grandstand heard this, they were all very excited.

The banquet was nothing special. Although the first heaven society’s banquet would definitely have some rare and precious ingredients from the cultivation world, which might even be beneficial to one’s cultivation base, it was still a drop in the bucket. It was impossible for everyone to break through to the next realm in such a banquet, right? If the first heaven society had such a deep foundation, they would have nurtured their own disciples and developed the sect into a super sect.

What everyone was interested in was that Chen Nanfeng would personally go on stage to give a lecture.

As the saying goes, the Dao can not be passed down easily, and cultivators even cherished their own belongings. Many cultivation techniques, secret skills, and formation techniques were lost for this reason.

There were very few cultivators who were willing to publicly impart their cultivation insights.

For some individual cultivators or small sects that lacked cultivation resources, listening to other cultivators ‘Dao lectures was a very good and effective way of cultivation.

If a random Aurous core stage cultivator were to give a public lecture, then everyone would definitely rush like ducks.

Furthermore, Chen Nanfeng was a top existence among golden core cultivators. It was very likely that he would successfully break through and become the only nascent soul cultivator in the cultivation world.

It was even rarer for cultivators of this level to give public lectures.

Of course, no matter how powerful an expert was, everyone’s gains and insights would be different. The cultivators with high talent and strong comprehension would naturally obtain more benefits.

However, no one would think that they were stupid. Everyone fantasized about suddenly having an epiphany while listening to the Dao lecture, and then their cultivation would advance by leaps and bounds. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Even Xia ruofei was interested. He had no lack of cultivation manuals, but the public lectures of cultivators like Chen Nanfeng were still very useful for Xia ruofei.

After Chen Nanfeng finished speaking, he smiled and took two steps back.

Chen Xuan stepped forward and stood at the edge of the platform.””Fellow Daoists, before my father starts his cultivation, I need to make a few things clear to everyone. Otherwise, if something happens, the first heaven society will be blamed for not being kind …”

Chen Xuan’s words were a little serious, and the lively atmosphere cooled down significantly.

Chen Nanfeng’s breakthrough today was extremely critical, so Chen Xuan would rather play the black face than to say what needed to be said clearly. Otherwise, if there was a problem, he would be punished for not teaching.

The scene quieted down.

“First, we don’t want anyone to disturb my father’s cultivation and breakthrough. So, please don’t move around and keep quiet.

“Second, during the process of breaking through, we hope that everyone will remain on the grandstand. You are not allowed to leave your seats at will, and you are not allowed to try to step onto the platform. Otherwise, we will also see you as an enemy!

“Third, if anything unexpected happens, please follow the instructions of the heavenly sect disciples and leave in an orderly manner.

The fourth…”

Chen Xuan listed out a few requests, and his tone was extremely strict.

In reality, other low – Level cultivators might not have noticed it, but Xia ruofei could feel it the moment he reached the back of the mountain. The entire back of the mountain was set up with dense arrays, including the grandstand area and the cold pool in front. The platform where Chen Nanfeng and Chen Xuan were on was also set up with many arrays. Some were for defense, some were for attack, some were for trapping enemies, and there was even an illusion array.

In Xia ruofei’s eyes, these arrays were just average and not particularly eye – catching. However, the most withered thing in the cultivation world was actually arrays. Therefore, there were not many cultivators who knew about arrays. The first heaven society must have put in a lot of effort to set up these arrays.

Ordinary cultivators couldn’t even detect the existence of the array. If someone really had ulterior motives and rashly broke in to destroy it, the end would be very miserable..