Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3680: Timely help (1)

Translator: 549690339

Five origin crystals were definitely not enough to break through to the nascent Soul Stage. However, the first heaven sect had already prepared a large number of spirit crystals, spirit stones, and a small number of origin crystals. Chen Nanfeng’s breakthrough was already 99% complete. He was only one step away.

In this situation, Xia ruofei’s five crystals were like a timely rain.

When the essence crystal entered the high platform, the already thin spirit Qi around Chen Nanfeng instantly became dense again. The spirit gathering formation automatically extracted a large amount of high – purity spirit Qi from the essence crystal.

Chen Nanfeng had no other thoughts in his mind when he broke through, so he didn’t know what had just happened.

He felt the concentration of spiritual Qi rising again. Without thinking too much, he immediately accelerated the circulation of his cultivation technique and swallowed a large amount of spiritual Qi into his body.

The speed at which Chen Nanfeng’s vital Qi was converted into liquefied elemental essence increased once again.

The vibration of his golden core also became more and more intense.

Finally, with the help of Xia ruofei’s five spiritual crystals, Chen Nanfeng crossed this critical point in one go.

Chen Nanfeng seemed to hear cracking sounds as the Golden core in his body began to crack.

Chen Nanfeng did not panic. Instead, he felt great joy. He quickly collected his thoughts and continued to speed up the circulation of his cultivation technique.

More and more cracks appeared on the surface of his Aurous core, and the speed at which it broke was getting faster and faster. Finally, the Aurous core could no longer maintain its original form and began to collapse bit by bit.

With a boom, the Golden core in Chen Nanfeng’s body directly turned into a ball of extremely pure energy.

This was the first time Chen Nanfeng felt the strain. He gritted his teeth and continued to circulate his cultivation technique.

At this moment, almost all of the vital Qi in his body had been converted into liquefied elemental essence, and the efficiency of his cultivation technique had also increased.

The mass of air that contained terrifying energy finally began to slowly change shape under the push of the cultivation technique.

As if a pair of invisible hands were kneading it, the ball of energy was constantly changing its shape. Gradually, this ball of energy began to show the embryonic form of a small person.

This was a mini version of Chen Nanfeng. The aura between his brows and eyes were almost exactly the same.

However, this miniature version of Chen Nanfeng was still very illusionary and not solid at all. It was faintly discernible in his dantian.

Chen Nanfeng was overjoyed. At this point, he could be declared successful.

The tiny person in his dantian was actually a nascent soul.

However, his nascent soul was still very unstable. Perhaps a small fluctuation could cause his nascent soul to fall apart, so Chen Nanfeng had to be careful.

The small Yuanying was faintly discernible between illusion and reality. Its small mouth opened slightly and directly sucked the primordial liquid into its stomach. Then, the Yuanying seemed to become stronger and more solid. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Of course, this was a very small amount, and only Chen Nanfeng himself could feel it.

However, Chen Nanfeng had to spend a lot of effort and resources to cultivate this mouthful of liquefied elemental essence.

Chen Nanfeng couldn’t help but smile wryly. After entering the nascent Soul Stage, the demand for cultivation resources had obviously increased. Without a bit of wealth, it was impossible to feed a nascent soul with a big appetite!

The breakthrough was basically over now. The reason why Chen Nanfeng did not stop cultivating was mainly because he wanted to stabilize his cultivation as much as possible. Therefore, he did not need to be as focused as before.

Naturally, Chen Nanfeng thought of the dangerous scene of the lack of spiritual energy just now.

If he hadn’t increased the concentration of spirit Qi in time, Chen Nanfeng’s breakthrough this time might have ended in failure, and he might have even suffered a serious backlash.

After all, it had been hundreds of years since a nascent soul cultivator had appeared in the world of cultivation, and a large number of ancient records had also been lost in the long years. Therefore, Chen Nanfeng’s breakthrough could be said to be crossing the river by feeling the stone. He had originally felt that he had prepared as many cultivation resources as possible, but he had never expected that the spiritual Qi required to break through to the nascent soul realm was so much higher than he had expected. That was why that dangerous and awkward scene had occurred.

If Chen Nanfeng’s calculation of the resources required was more excessive, even if the first heaven society couldn’t provide that many resources for the time being, with Chen Nanfeng’s connections in the cultivation world, it wouldn’t be a problem to borrow some in the short term.

Chen Nanfeng recalled that his spiritual energy had increased quite a bit right after it was about to run out, and it was especially pure. It was because of this replenishment of spiritual energy that his breakthrough was so smooth.

He was a little suspicious. The first heaven society probably couldn’t take out any more cultivation resources. Even his son, Chen Xuan, had been emptied of his pockets.

Could it be that one of the fellow Daoists who was attending the ceremony had helped him? People like his old friend Mu Sheng and Liu Mansha, who he had a good relationship with, would have helped him if they had seen his predicament at that time. However, the purity of the spirit Qi just now was so high, which meant that the cultivation resources that were supplemented were at least at the level of origin crystals, and the amount would not be too little. Mu Sheng, Liu Mansha, and some of Chen Nanfeng’s close friends, even if they counted each one of them, they would most likely not be able to take out so many resources, right?

Who could it be? Chen Nanfeng couldn’t understand.

It didn’t take long for him to decide to consolidate his cultivation first. Once he was done with his cultivation, he would ask Chen Xuan about it.

On the high platform, the spirit Qi gradually stabilized. Chen Nanfeng had already finished his breakthrough, so his speed of absorbing spirit Qi had naturally slowed down.

In the eyes of most of the Qi refining cultivators, Chen Nanfeng had sat cross – legged on the high platform as soon as he came up. Then, it was as if the wind and clouds had stirred, and now, everything had gradually returned to normal. The ups and downs of the entire process were completely undetectable to them. Basically, coming to watch the ceremony would only be a lonely experience..