Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3690: Luxurious line – up (1)

Translator: 549690339

Xia ruofei had received a large amount of information from the cultivation manuals. He had no problem seeing things clearly.

He knew that when cultivators reached the Yuanying stage, they could fly in the air.

In other words, nascent Soul Stage cultivators could fly freely without the use of flying swords and could only rely on their physical bodies.

However, ordinary cultivators who had just broken through to the Yuanying stage would definitely not be able to master this skill.

Chen Nanfeng had just broken through to the early stage of the nascent soul realm the day before, and today, he appeared in front of everyone as if he was flying in the air. To cultivators with a certain level of cultivation knowledge, this was indeed a great shock.

Even Xia ruofei couldn’t help but sigh at how well – prepared Chen Nanfeng was! After decades of accumulation in the late – Stage of the Jindan stage, his breakthrough was as dazzling as a Dragon in the wind and clouds.

Of course, Xia ruofei was not afraid.

Because he was very clear that while nascent soul cultivators could fly, their actual speed was not as fast as golden core cultivators who could fly on swords.

Of course, the difference between a late Yuanying stage cultivator and an early Yuanying stage cultivator who had just broken through was naturally different.

The speed and agility of a late Yuanying stage cultivator were far superior to that of a golden core cultivator. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

In Chen Nanfeng’s current situation, it was already good enough for him to be able to fly in the air. In terms of speed, he definitely wouldn’t be faster than sword Kinesis flight.

Therefore, to Xia ruofei, if things really got out of hand, Chen Nanfeng’s addition of the skill, Wind Rider, would not affect his escape.

Of course, everything could not be viewed simply.

Chen Nanfeng was able to consolidate his cultivation and master the technique of flying in the air in just one day. This showed that he had accumulated a lot of experience and was very talented. Therefore, he must have made obvious progress in other aspects.

What was certain was that Chen Nanfeng’s current strength had increased by a large margin compared to the late – Stage golden core realm, and it was a qualitative leap.

On the high platform, Chen Nanfeng slowly landed in a very elegant posture.

He had a gentle smile on his face, but his body was actually shaking slightly. It was not obvious, and no one dared to look at him for a long time, so no one noticed it.

Chen Nanfeng laughed bitterly in his heart. Lao Al’s consumption of energy while flying was much greater than he had imagined.

He had just mastered the technique of flying in the air last night, so he had naturally designed such an appearance today. The purpose was also quite obvious, which was to once again show his strength.

This was the time when the first heaven society was at its peak. Chen Nanfeng naturally wanted to strike while the iron was hot and further expand the influence of the sect.

However, he had just flown down from the top of the mountain. Even though he had adjusted his condition in advance, the primordial liquid in his dantian was still being consumed at a rate that far exceeded his expectations. If the distance had been any longer, he would have had to summon his flying sword.

In that case, he wouldn’t be showing off his might, but making a fool of himself.

Chen Nanfeng couldn’t help but feel lucky.

Of course, his expression did not change. He just stood on the high platform, facing the wind, with the air of an expert.

The cultivators on the grandstand hurriedly saluted Chen Nanfeng.

Chen Nanfeng smiled and nodded at everyone, then sat down cross – legged on the futon. After thinking for a while, he said,””The cultivation path focuses on the essence, Qi, and spirit. If the essence and Qi are not born, the Dao will not exist…”

The cultivators on the grandstand immediately focused their attention to listen. A nascent Soul Stage cultivator personally lecturing on his understanding of Dao was a once in a lifetime opportunity, so everyone naturally cherished it.

Even Xia ruofei was listening to Chen Nanfeng’s lecture seriously.

He realized that Chen Nanfeng’s point of view was very interesting, and it was quite similar to the path he was taking.

Chen Nanfeng paid special attention to the cultivation of spiritual power and believed that it was the foundation.

In fact, Xia ruofei had always had this thought. His spiritual power had always been higher than his physical cultivation, especially after his trip to the mystic Luna realm. His spiritual power had reached the mid – Stage of spiritualization, possibly even higher than Chen Nanfeng’s.

The benefits of this were obvious. It was effective in increasing the efficiency of cultivation. Besides, be it formations, alchemy, or Qi cultivation, they all tested the strength of one’s spiritual power. It was because of Xia ruofei’s strong spiritual power that he had such deep attainments in various fields.

Hence, when Xia ruofei heard Chen Nanfeng’s opening words, he was immediately interested.

Chen Nanfeng sat on the high platform and explained in a calm tone.

The Dao lectures naturally went from shallow to deep. Some Qi condensation cultivators could still understand a few words at the beginning, but as time passed, many people began to understand it as if they were listening to a heavenly book.

There was nothing he could do about it. Even if Chen Nanfeng explained it in simple terms, the difference in cultivation level was obvious! Just like how we, who live in a three – dimensional space, will never be able to understand the rules of a multi – dimensional space.

There were also a few talented Qi condensation cultivators who were enraptured by his words. Occasionally, after a few sentences that resonated with them, they even revealed excited expressions.

As for Xia ruofei, Mu Sheng, Liu Mansha and the other golden core cultivators, they already had their own understanding of Dao. After listening to Chen Nanfeng’s explanation, they felt that they had gained a lot.

As Chen Nanfeng’s explanation went deeper, most of the Qi refinement realm cultivators could no longer understand. Gradually, even Mu Sheng and Liu Mansha revealed a trace of confusion..