Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 370: Absorbing the black stone_1

The chain was made of pure silver, but it was not worth much. Xia ruofei was most interested in the black stone.

This pitch – Black stone was about the size of a pigeon egg. Chen Song had made a simple button to set it on and hung it on the chain.

Xia ruofei easily removed the black stone and threw the silver chain aside.

He carefully examined the pitch – Black stone.

The stone had a smooth surface. Other than its pure black color, there was nothing special about it. Its appearance was not much different from ordinary cobblestone.

However, Xia ruofei realized that if he stared at the black stone for a long time, he would feel his heart palpitate unconsciously. It was as if the stone had turned into a black hole that could even swallow his sight.

Xia ruofei quickly retracted his gaze.

Ever since he took out the stone, his right palm had been trembling non – stop. The burning sensation was unbearable for Xia ruofei.

He knew that this was the spirit painting creating a ruckus. He could even feel the spirit painting’s impatient emotions.

Yes, it was emotions.

This was not the first time. The last time he saw the strange – looking raw stone in the spirit Jade house, the spirit painting scroll had a similar reaction. It was like a person of flesh and blood, conveying an urgent emotion to Xia ruofei.

In fact, there was a similar reaction before absorbing the Jade.

However, this time, it was more intense than before.

Xia ruofei endured the discomfort and took out his phone. He pointed it at the Black Rock and took a few photos from different angles. He also used the macro camera function to capture some of the stone’s details.

He wanted to save some information in the hope that he could find more of such stones in the future.

This was because Xia ruofei had a feeling that after this stone was absorbed by the painting, the effect would be much better than ordinary jadeite.

Xia ruofei had thought of sending the stone to a professional testing agency for testing. It would be best if they could analyze the composition of the stone so that it would be easier to find another stone in the future.

However, he quickly dispelled this thought.

On the one hand, the spirit painting scroll could not wait to absorb it; On the other hand, it was also because Chen Song had done similar work before. However, it seemed that it was difficult to detect any useful information with the current scientific methods.

Besides, Xia ruofei was worried that if he sent them for testing, there would be a risk of his secret being exposed.

Thus, he decided to let the spirit painting scroll absorb the stone directly.

Xia ruofei took a deep breath and summoned the spirit painting from his palm.

As soon as the spirit painting arrived outside, it started to shake violently. Xia ruofei was caught off guard and almost lost his grip on it.

He quickly grabbed the painting tightly and picked up the black stone with his left hand.

The performance of the spirit map scroll filled Xia ruofei with anticipation. Could it be that after absorbing the energy from the stone, it would level up? Could this pigeon egg – sized, seemingly unremarkable stone have the same effect as a Jade that was worth tens of millions?

With this thought in mind, Xia ruofei held the stone in his hand and slowly approached the spirit map.

Just as the stone was about to touch the painting, Xia ruofei released his hand.

The black stone was pulled into the spirit map scroll by a huge force and disappeared.

Xia ruofei took a deep breath and tried to enter the spirit map space. He wanted to see if there were any changes to the spirit map space after absorbing the black stone and if it could be upgraded.

However, after countless times of doing this, Xia ruofei failed this time. It was as easy as eating and drinking for him.

Xia ruofei felt a repulsive force from the painting. Then, he realized that he was still in the room and the painting was still lying quietly on the table.

Xia ruofei could not help but frown. This was the first time he had encountered such a situation.

Previously, Xia ruofei had put the pieces of jade into the spirit map scroll one by one. Basically, after he threw them in, the scroll would have finished absorbing them, so it could be put into the space immediately.

This time, however, he was rejected by the painting.

Could it be that ... This black stone contained a great amount of energy, and the spirit painting scroll was in the process of absorbing it, so it couldn’t enter or leave the space? Xia ruofei suddenly had this thought.

Assuming this judgment was correct, would the process of absorption affect Blackie and the other bees in the space?

Xia ruofei could not help but worry.

However, there was no point in worrying. In the previous few times when he absorbed Jade and upgraded the space, the red Arowana and other animals in the spirit map space were also unaffected. There should be no problem this time.

Xia ruofei felt a little more at ease when he thought about this.

The only thing he could do was to try to enter the space again and again. He believed that the rejection was only temporary, and it was impossible for him to be unable to enter the space in the future.

Xia ruofei calmed himself down. After a while, he would use his mind to connect to the space and try to enter it.

This process lasted for more than half an hour. Xia ruofei was rejected by a force every time he tried. He couldn’t remember how many times he had tried. When he tried to connect with the space again, that familiar pulling force came again ...

Xia ruofei felt the slight dizziness again.

The next moment, the scene in front of him changed. Xia ruofei found himself in the spirit map space.

Xia ruofei entered the original space out of habit. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

As soon as he entered, he felt that the concentration of spirit Qi had increased greatly. When he looked up, he could see that there seemed to be wisps of fog floating in the air, just like the clouds in the outside world that were thinner.

Xia ruofei curiously used his mind to check and was surprised to find that the mist was made of pure spiritual Qi.

In the past, every time the realm evolved, the spiritual Qi would become denser. However, Xia ruofei could only sense it through his spiritual connection with the realm.

Xia ruofei was shocked that the spiritual Qi in the spirit map space had already turned into mist after absorbing a black stone the size of a pigeon’s egg.

The size of the space was as Xia ruofei had expected. It did not change and was still around eight mu.

Xia ruofei was already mentally prepared for this. The last time the space was upgraded, the original space had already stopped expanding, so he was not disappointed.

Xia ruofei walked straight to the unknown plant, which had almost become an indicator for him to judge whether the space had completed its evolution.

Before he even got close to the plant, Xia ruofei could already smell a refreshing fragrance. He immediately revealed a trace of joy and quickened his pace.