Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3697: Talent upgrade (2)

Translator: 549690339

He had given her such a good opportunity to improve her talent, so Xia ruofei couldn’t be so unkind. He used his own crystals to cultivate.

Of course, he still held a trace of vigilance in his heart. Otherwise, he would have used the purple origin crystals that he normally used for cultivation.

After all, even though the seven Star Pavilion did not recognize him as its master, Chen Nanfeng could still control part of it. Hence, Xia ruofei could not guarantee that Chen Nanfeng would not be able to spy on the internal situation of the seven Star Pavilion.

It was best not to expose top – grade cultivation resources like purple essence crystals if possible.

Xia ruofei’s best cultivation technique was naturally the “great Dao Arts”. Hence, according to Chen Xuan’s “guide”, the first thing he would cultivate after entering the seven Star Pavilion was the great Dao Arts.

Of course, Xia ruofei had also considered that the great Dao chant was not a technique of the Tianyi sect. He did not know if the weapon spirit of the seven Star Pavilion would recognize that the great Dao chant had really produced a weapon spirit after joining the seven Star Pavilion.

Hence, Xia ruofei decided to practice the great Dao scroll first before cultivating the mystic essence Scripture that Chen Xuan had given him.

Although the “Xuanyuan Scripture” was not very good, it was an Orthodox cultivation technique of the Tianyi sect. It was said that when he entered the seven Star Pavilion for the second time, this suspected Artifact Spirit seemed to favor those who cultivated the “Xuanyuan Scripture”. Therefore, if he cultivated both the “great Dao Sutra” and “Xuanyuan Scripture” for a while, he should be able to increase the probability of the artifact Spirit recognizing him.

Of course, this was just Xia ruofei’s speculation. Whether it was effective or not had yet to be verified.

Xia ruofei had entered the seven Star Pavilion with the mentality of “if 1 get it, 1’11 be lucky. If 1 don’ t, I’ll be fated to be lucky.” He didn’t have much worry about the gains and losses.

Therefore, after he sat down, he quickly entered a state of mind without distractions. He treated it as an ordinary cultivation and focused on circulating the cultivation method. One by one, the vital Qi in his body condensed a little more.

Xia ruofei cultivated for about 15 minutes before he let out a long breath and opened his eyes.

The seven Star Pavilion would only be open for an hour or so.

Chen Xuan had told Xia ruofei yesterday that he could only spend half an hour in this stage of improving his talent. This was because he had to go to another location in the seven Star Pavilion to obtain the recognition of the weapon spirit and obtain the magical treasure.

Chen Xuan had also mentioned that half an hour was more than enough. If he could gain the acknowledgment of the weapon spirit, his talent would have been raised within half an hour. On the other hand, if he couldn’t, there was no point in staying for an entire hour.

Hence, Xia ruofei stopped cultivating after 15 minutes.

After a short rest, Xia ruofei immediately started to practice the mysterious origin Scripture.

Although Xia ruofei was only a beginner in the cultivation of the mysterious origin Scripture, his level was not any worse than the disciples of the first heaven society who had been studying this cultivation technique for a long time.

On the contrary, Xia ruofei had obtained a large amount of cultivation techniques and information from ancient books from the Jade talisman of inheritance. After spending a little time, he was able to integrate all of them. Hence, his knowledge and experience were much higher than other cultivators of the same level.

His understanding of the mystic essence Scripture was so deep that even the Golden core cultivators of the heavenly sect who had been cultivating this technique for many years might not be able to compare to him.

Hence, Xia ruofei’s attainment in the mystic origin Scripture was actually very high.

When he first started cultivating, Xia ruofei would think about whether he could improve his talent because he did not feel any difference in his body throughout the whole process.

However, he quickly focused on his cultivation, and there were no distracting thoughts in his mind.

Of course, he would not forget time.

Soon, another fifteen minutes had passed.

Xia ruofei stopped cultivating and slowly opened his eyes.

He saw that there were no spirit stones, talismans, or anything of the sort in his hands, and he couldn’t help but feel secretly happy. If Yingying received these rewards, it meant that she didn’t receive the recognition of the artifact Spirit, and her talent didn’t improve at all.

On the other hand, if he didn’t get anything, it meant that his talent had improved.

Furthermore, Chen Xuan had also mentioned that it would only take half an hour to determine whether or not he had obtained the approval of the weapon spirit.

In the past, it had always been like this. About half an hour later, the talent that should be improved would have been improved, and those who had not been recognized by the weapon spirit would basically receive a consolation prize during this time.

As for those who persisted for an hour, they were either not sure if they could improve their talent or they were still unwilling to give up after receiving a consolation prize.

Xia ruofei tried to sense his body but did not find any changes. He could not help but smile bitterly. Talent was something that could not be seen or touched, but it determined the efficiency of a cultivator’s cultivation and the height that they could reach.

Xia ruofei knew that if Chen Xuan wasn’t lying to him, his talent must have improved. As for how much it had improved, he couldn’t tell.

Talent was different from Constitution. A change in constitution could allow a person who couldn’t cultivate to embark on the road of cultivation, and it could also make a cultivator who had difficulty absorbing spirit Qi more suitable for cultivation.

As for the improvement of one’s innate talent, it was more in one’s comprehension and comprehension of cultivation. Although it was somewhat vague, it was still important.

Xia ruofei thought for a while and decided to choose a technique from the Jade talisman of inheritance to study it on the spot.

In fact, the techniques in the Jade talisman of inheritance, including the predecessors ‘experience in cultivation, were directly instilled into Xia ruofei’s mind. He only needed to put in a little effort and he would be able to understand them easily.

Therefore, it was difficult to judge whether his talent had improved or not with this kind of cultivation method.

However, all of Xia ruofei’s cultivation techniques came from the Jade talisman of inheritance. He had no other choice.

At this moment, Xia ruofei suddenly had an idea.

He realized that he still had other cultivation techniques. Wasn’t the mystic essence Sutra that Chen Xuan had just taught him? Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Hence, Xia ruofei decided to give up on studying the cultivation technique he had just picked out. He turned to study some details of the mysterious origin Scripture.

At Xia ruofei’s level of cultivation, having a photographic memory was the most basic. Hence, every word and diagram of the mystic origin Scripture was firmly imprinted in his mind, including some of the insights that Chen Xuan had taught him.

Xia ruofei tried to recall, and the contents of the cultivation technique rushed into his mind.

This technique was rather crude and shallow. However, when Xia ruofei looked back and analyzed it, he realized that his thoughts had become more open. Even though it was such a simple technique, he could understand many things that he would not have noticed before.

Xia ruofei realized that his previous understanding of the black origin Sutra was superficial.

His train of thought was clearer, and his comprehension was also much stronger.

Xia ruofei was overjoyed. He couldn’t help but want to continue studying the mysterious origin Scripture.

At this moment, he suddenly felt a light pulling force.

Xia ruofei’s spirit was lifted. He knew that they were going to the other area of the seven Star Pavilion.

At the same time, he felt a chill in his heart. It was obvious that Chen Nanfeng had personally controlled the seven Star Pavilion to teleport him.

This explained the problem.

At the very least, he could be sure that Chen Nanfeng was aware of many things that happened in the seven Star Pavilion.

He even knew which small space each person was in.

Otherwise, Chen Nanfeng would not have known that Xia ruofei had finished the process of improving his talent. He would not have been able to move Xia ruofei from this small space to that special area so accurately.

Xia ruofei secretly rejoiced that he had remained vigilant enough. At the same time, he reminded himself that he could not relax at any time. After all, this was not Paradise Island. He could never be too careful.

After a moment of dizziness, Xia ruofei immediately felt that he was standing on solid ground again.

He focused his eyes and couldn’t help but widen them slightly. He found himself standing on a floating stone. This stone was the size of a millstone, almost enough for him to sit cross – legged on.

This millstone – sized stone was located in a pitch – Black space. Everywhere was filled with endless darkness..