Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3698: An unexpected surprise (1)

Translator: 549690339

This was the ‘special area’ that Chen Xuan had mentioned?

Xia ruofei felt as if he was in the universe. Other than the stone that he was standing on, he was surrounded by endless darkness and void.

An ordinary person would definitely panic in such an environment. However, Xia ruofei was still confident. After a brief moment of surprise, he quickly calmed down.

Chen Xuan’s instructions were simple. After entering this area, he had to continuously circulate the mystic essence Scripture. If he could obtain the approval of the artifact Spirit, he would be able to obtain something good.

Xia ruofei sat cross – legged on the rock and pondered for a moment.

He didn’t continue to operate the mystic origin Scripture. Instead, he continued to study this cultivation technique.

Just now, in order to test the progress of his own talent, he had specially analyzed this cultivation technique.

He didn’t expect that such a simple – looking entry – Level cultivation method could actually let him have so many new insights.

Naturally, Xia ruofei was secretly happy. This meant that his comprehension ability had improved greatly.

He still had a feeling that he had not had enough.

So now that he had plenty of time, he decided not to circulate his cultivation technique for the time being and continued to study it.

The black origin Scripture was only an elementary cultivation technique for the disciples of the first heaven society. Almost every disciple had the right to learn it, so it was not a precious cultivation technique. The content was relatively simple in Xia ruofei’s eyes.

However, Xia ruofei had also asked Chen Xuan about it. This technique had a long history and was a technique passed down from the first heaven society for thousands of years.

After all kinds of twists and turns, most of the sects in the world of cultivation, including the first heaven society, had lost their inheritances very seriously. However, the &amp;quot;black origin Sutra&amp;quot; had been passed down in one piece all this time. This could be considered a miracle.

Xia ruofei would not underestimate a technique with such a long history, even if the principle was relatively simple.

This time, when he calmed down and analyzed it carefully, he found that this cultivation method seemed to be more in – depth and contained more content than it looked on the surface. It was not as easy to understand as his first impression.

Xia ruofei sat on the rock and analyzed every detail of the technique. The more he analyzed, the more amazed he was.

The &amp;quot;black origin Scripture&ampjquot; was clearly not simple.

Most of the cultivation techniques were expressed using the grammar of the ancient cultivation world, which was relatively obscure and difficult to understand. At the same time, there was a big problem, that was, everyone’s understanding might be different.

However, a cultivation technique like the &amp;quot;black origin Scripture&ampjquot; naturally had a very authoritative interpretation, and it was an interpretation with a long history. Everyone naturally used this as a standard to understand the contents of the cultivation technique.

Even when Chen Xuan was explaining the contents of the technique to Xia ruofei, he had used the same authoritative interpretation.

Before Xia ruofei’s talent was upgraded, he did not ask any questions. This was because this interpretation had been tested by thousands of years of cultivation practice by the disciples. The probability of error was extremely low.

However, this time, when Xia ruofei was seriously studying the contents of the original technique, he had some doubts about the interpretation of the technique.

The same sentence might be interpreted differently by everyone.

Xia ruofei turned around to look at the mystic origin Scripture and realized that there seemed to be another way of reading it.

The more he studied, the more interested he became. He even forgot his original intention of entering the seven Star Pavilion. He sat on the stone with a smile on his face and mumbled something..ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com