Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3699: Metal piecei

Translator: 549690339

At this time, there were many cultivators staying in the back garden. They had all come from the seven Star Pavilion. Chen Nanfeng had been maintaining the operations of the seven Star Pavilion, so the cultivators did not dare to speak loudly for fear of disturbing the only nascent soul senior in the cultivation world. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

It was precisely because there were so many people around that Chen Nanfeng’s expression quickly returned to normal, so much so that no one had noticed his strange expression just now.

But in fact, Chen Nanfeng’s heart was already in a state of great turmoil.

This was because he suddenly realized that he had lost all sense of the situation within the seven Star Pavilion.

In fact, because he did not have full control of this magical treasure, he only had a vague sense of the situation in the seven Star Pavilion. However, he could at least have a general understanding, including everyone’s location and their gains.

But just now, he suddenly lost this connection. No matter how hard he tried to communicate with the magic treasure, what appeared in his spiritual power Vision was always a fog.

This was the first time Chen Nanfeng had encountered such a situation in so many years.

When he was still in the advanced Aurous core stage, he was not like this. He was completely unable to sense the situation inside the seven Star Pavilion. How could this be?

Could it be related to the cultivators in the seven Star Pavilion? Chen Nanfeng couldn’t help but have this thought. The first person that flashed through his mind was Xia ruofei.

However, Chen Nanfeng quickly denied this thought. Even he himself could not believe that Xia ruofei was so capable.

If Xia ruofei was able to disrupt his perception of the seven Star Pavilion, how strong was his spiritual power? Furthermore, Xia ruofei was still in the seven Star Pavilion. In a sense, Chen Nanfeng had the absolute geographical advantage. If he had ill intentions towards Xia ruofei, he could even imprison Xia ruofei in the seven Star Pavilion.

Chen Nanfeng’s expression did not change, but he was secretly increasing the output of his spiritual power in an attempt to communicate with the seven stars Pavilion.

After breaking through to the nascent Soul Stage, Chen Nanfeng’s control over the seven Star Pavilion had clearly increased. If the seven Star Pavilion really had a weapon spirit, Chen Nanfeng was even confident that he could make the weapon spirit submit to him.

However, what was happening now had greatly damaged Chen Nanfeng’s confidence.

He felt that things were getting out of his control, and it was a bad feeling.

Just as Chen Nanfeng was trying his best to establish a connection with the seven Star Pavilion, Xia ruofei was cultivating the dark origin Scripture in the special area of the seven Star Pavilion.

He had completely forgotten his original intention of entering the seven Star Pavilion. He had never thought of obtaining any good magical equipment. He was simply trying to modify some details for the purpose of research.

The chubby baby formed by energy was also paying attention to Xia ruofei’s every move. As Xia ruofei corrected it again and again, the chubby baby’s expression became more and more surprised.

After he blocked Chen Nanfeng’s perception of the seven Star Pavilion, he only muttered to himself for a moment before waving his hand lightly.

This time, the metal pieces didn’t tremble. Instead, they disappeared into the void at an extremely fast speed.

In the blink of an eye, the metal pieces had arrived in front of Xia ruofei and were suspended in the air.

Xia ruofei, on the other hand, did not have any distracting thoughts at all. He was completely immersed in the study and experiment of the mysterious origin Scripture, so he did not notice it at all.

However, the metal pieces started to tremble. The metal piece that Xia ruofei had placed in the stone chamber in the mountain sea realm started to tremble as well.

This metal piece was vibrating at the same frequency as the other metal pieces floating in front of Xia ruofei.

The last time, the metal piece only flashed slightly and Xia ruofei could not detect it. This time, it kept shaking and Xia ruofei could not miss it.

While he was cultivating, he quickly noticed something strange.

Because of his strong control over the spirit map space, he could sense any changes in the space at the first moment.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but reveal a trace of doubt on his face as he exited his cultivation state.

He didn’t even open his eyes. With a slight thought, he had already found the source of this strange movement.

When he realized that it was the metal piece that was shaking, he was even more surprised.

At the same time, he was on guard.

This metal piece was obtained from the cover of a cultivation technique that Shen tianfang carried with him. Now that he was in the seven Star Pavilion, a treasure of the first heaven sect, it was possible that Chen Nanfeng could see his every move.

Xia ruofei knew that Chen Nanfeng did not have any other intentions this time. He was just trying to repay Xia ruofei’s kindness and was full of kindness.

However, at this time, the mysterious metal piece he obtained from Shen tianfang, an elder of the first heaven society, had some strange movements. Xia ruofei could not help but overthink.

Furthermore, the metal piece had been stored in the spirit map space. In theory, it should be completely isolated from the outside world. What kind of power could actually pass through the isolation of the spirit map space and directly communicate with the metal piece?

Chen Nanfeng?

Xia ruofei was shocked when he thought of this.

If Chen Nanfeng could really do this, then the secret of the spirit map space would be completely non – existent, and he would be in the seven stars Pavilion.. That would be a situation where he was the meat on the chopping block!