Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3700: Metal piece_2

Translator: 549690339

In fact, Xia ruofei was overthinking.

Not to mention Chen Nanfeng, even the weapon spirit of the seven Star Pavilion, which was a pure energy body in the shape of a chubby baby, could not easily penetrate the barrier of the spirit map space.

The reason why the chubby baby weapon spirit could sense the metal piece’s existence was because of its close relationship with the metal piece. On the other hand, and most importantly, because Xia ruofei was in the seven Star Pavilion, which was the chubby baby’s absolute control.

These two points were indispensable.

However, Xia ruofei was not aware of all this, so he could not help but feel a little nervous.

His first reaction was naturally to immediately use the power of the Spirit map space to suppress the trembling of the metal piece.

In the spirit map space, Xia ruofei was almost invincible. He could use the invisible force of space to form layers of suppression on the metal sheet. In theory, he could naturally suppress it.

Of course, this was just a temporary solution. After all, if the metal piece had any strange movements, it meant that someone had discovered its existence. This person could even pass through the isolation of the spirit map space. This was too dangerous for Xia ruofei.

However, Xia ruofei had no other choice but to suppress the metal piece. Otherwise, he did not know what would happen next.

To Xia ruofei’s surprise, the stronger his suppression was, the stronger the metal piece’s resistance was. Under the suppression of the invisible spatial force, the metal piece’s trembling became less intense, but its strength increased significantly. It was clearly trying to break free from the suppression.

Xia ruofei had been closing his eyes to deal with the strange movements in the spirit map space. However, he soon noticed something strange. The metal piece was vibrating at the same frequency as the metal pieces floating in front of him. The stronger the suppression, the stronger the counterforce. Although the vibration of the metal pieces in the spirit map space was smaller, the vibration was actually stronger. Therefore, the vibration of the metal pieces in front of him was also much stronger. Although the amplitude wasn’t big, the frequency was extremely high, and it even made a buzzing sound.

Naturally, Xia ruofei was alarmed.

He opened his eyes, and when he saw the metal sheets floating in front of him, his pupils couldn’t help but shrink, revealing an extremely shocked expression. He had studied the metal sheet that he had obtained from Shen tianfang, so he was naturally very familiar with this kind of metal sheet.

Therefore, he could tell at a glance that these metal sheets were almost exactly the same as the metal sheets he had stored in the stone chamber in the mountain and sea realm in the spirit map space.

He could quickly distinguish the slight differences.

There was no doubt that these metal sheets were part of a set, including the one he had stored in the spirit map space.

Xia ruofei’s mind was racing. He didn’t even realize that so many metal pieces had appeared in front of him. He had counted six of them. With the one in the spirit map space, there were seven.

His brain was working at full speed. It was obvious that the metal sheets he had placed in the stone room in the spirit map space had moved because of the attraction of these six metal sheets.

Furthermore, he could feel that the metal piece in the spirit map space seemed to have a mind of its own. It was trying its best to break free from the suppression.

Xia ruofei had no doubt that once he let go of the suppression on it, it would break through the shackles of the spirit map space and join the six metal sheets in front of him.

Now, Xia ruofei had to make a choice between continuing to suppress the metal piece or simply releasing it to see what would happen.

If they were not in the seven Star Pavilion, Xia ruofei would have chosen to release the metal piece out of curiosity.

However, he was now inside the seven Star Pavilion, and Chen Nanfeng was most likely paying attention to his every move. He did not know that Chen Nanfeng had also lost his sense of the situation inside the seven Star Pavilion.

Hence, from Xia ruofei’s perspective, it was a huge risk to release the metal piece.

The metal piece had been hidden very well back then, so there were two possibilities: First, Shen tianfang did not even know about the metal piece’s existence. Second, Shen tianfang had hidden the metal piece so well.

Xia ruofei was more inclined to the second possibility.

He clearly remembered that the cultivation techniques that Shen tianfang had kept in his storage space were actually very good. Only the cultivation technique that hid the thin metal skin was very elementary. It seemed out of place when placed together with the other cultivation techniques.

If Shen tianfang had found a random book and hid the metal piece in it, everything would make sense.

If Shen tianfang knew about the metal piece, there was a high chance that Chen Nanfeng would know about it as well.

If Xia ruofei released the metal piece, and Chen Nanfeng could spy on the internal situation of the seven Star Pavilion, it would be a big problem. Xia ruofei had something that should have belonged to Shen tianfang. Chen Nanfeng was sure that Xia ruofei had something to do with Shen tianfang’s death without much reasoning.

Now that he was in the seven Star Pavilion, it was really impossible for him to escape.

Hence, Xia ruofei had to be careful.

In the mysterious space deep in the seven stars Pavilion, the chubby baby’s Artifact Spirit became more and more anxious as he watched, and he couldn’t help but Mutter to himself,””What are you waiting for? Hurry up and let it out! What is this little guy thinking?”

As he spoke, he increased his strength.

At the same time, the metal pieces began to tremble even more violently, including the one that Xia ruofei had stored in the stone chamber in the mountain sea realm.

Xia ruofei weighed the pros and cons while he tried to suppress the metal piece in the stone room.

At this time, he suddenly had a flash of inspiration.

Since there were so many concerns when he released the metal piece, why couldn’t he do the opposite and put the metal pieces in the spirit map space?

The effect should be the same.

Furthermore, Chen Nanfeng should not have been able to spy on the Kasaya in the spirit map space. Xia ruofei could basically confirm that the strange movements of these metal pieces had nothing to do with Chen Nanfeng. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

At this thought, Xia ruofei did not hesitate. He used his spiritual power to lock onto the metal pieces. Then, with a slight thought, he pulled them into the spirit map space.

In the mysterious space deep in the seven Star Pavilion, the chubby baby was stunned for a moment when he saw this scene. However, he quickly released his control of the metal sheets and muttered to himself,””This guy is really cautious…”

At first, Xia ruofei could still feel a resistance, but it disappeared very quickly. He naturally had to seize this opportunity and put the six metal sheets into the mountain and sea realm in the spirit map space. Then, he sent them directly to the stone room in the cave.

Xia ruofei didn’t think too much about the source of the resistance. Since he had kept the metal piece in the stone room, he let go of the metal piece that he had obtained earlier.

The metal piece immediately flew out from the storage table and met with the six metal pieces that Xia ruofei had just put in.

Soon, the seven metal sheets began to resonate at the same frequency again, and they were getting closer and closer, as if an invisible force was gathering them together.

Xia ruofei couldn’t be bothered with the cultivation of the mysterious origin Scripture anymore. All his energy was focused on the spirit map space, paying close attention to the metal pieces.

The seven thin pieces were suspended in the stone room of the cave, getting closer and closer.

Finally, the seven thin slices gathered together ….