Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 371: Direct upgrade (1)

On the branches of the nameless plant, there were three ripe spiritual fruits, emitting a sweet fragrance.

The spirit fruit had obviously ripened completely, and the branches were bent from the pressure.

Xia ruofei was very clear that two of the spiritual fruits were from the previous two upgrades. He had already verified that each time the space upgraded, there would be one more spiritual fruit. Once the spiritual fruit was picked, in the outside world, two more spiritual fruits would grow in the same location.

There was another exception. If the realm upgraded during this period, no matter what level the spirit fruit was ripened to, it would be directly ripened.

This should be the situation today.

This was because another spirit fruit had grown beside the two Spirit fruits.

Moreover, this spirit fruit was in a completely mature state.

In other words, the mysterious black stone that was the size of a pigeon’s egg had actually completed a complete upgrade of the spirit map space!

Moreover, during the last upgrade, although the old spiritual fruits had also grown rapidly, they had not ripened directly.

But this time, it was in a completely mature state.

In other words, after absorbing the mysterious black stone, not only did the spirit map scroll complete an upgrade, but there was also a high possibility that there would be excess energy.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but click his tongue. What was this mysterious black stone? It actually had such a remarkable effect.

Perhaps it was worthless to others, but in Xia ruofei’s hands, it could be used as a Jade that was worth tens of millions of Yuan. The last upgrade of the space had cost Xia ruofei about fourteen million Yuan. According to the previous rules, the upgrade this time would cost at least thirty million Yuan, or even more.

Now, a mysterious black stone the size of a pigeon’s egg had already done it, and there might even be more.

Of course, in Xia ruofei’s mind, this black stone was worth more than 30 million Yuan. After all, 30 million Yuan worth of Jade could only upgrade the realm. However, this black stone had definitely upgraded the realm by one level. It even provided Xia ruofei with a new way to upgrade the realm.

Its value was hard to estimate!

Xia ruofei suppressed his excitement. Just as he was about to pick the three spiritual fruits, his eyes unintentionally fell on the nameless plant. He could not help but stare.

He noticed that the nameless plant seemed to have grown taller.

It had been a long time since he had obtained the interspace, but the growth of the nameless plant was extremely slow. Xia ruofei could barely feel it growing, but this time, he could see that it was taller than before.

Xia ruofei quickly used his mind and a measuring tape floated up from a box beside the pond. It flew towards Xia ruofei with the power of space and landed in his hand. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

He had measured the height of the nameless plant last time, so as long as he measured it again, he would naturally know whether this was his illusion or not.

Xia ruofei used a measuring tape to measure. As he had expected, the nameless plant had grown by about 10 centimeters.

It had directly upgraded the realm by one level. Even the unmentionable, slow – growing, nameless plants had grown by ten centimeters. The spiritual Qi in the realm had even turned into mist ... The black stone had become even more mysterious in Xia ruofei’s heart.

He took a few deep breaths to calm his excited mood. Then, he took the Tupperware and tweezer and carefully picked the three ripened spirit fruits and the strange flower petals that had grown because of the upgrade of the space, and put them in the Tupperware.

Looking at the five spiritual fruits in the container, which were emitting an alluring fragrance, Xia ruofei suppressed the strong urge to take one and eat it. He closed the container tightly and put it back. Although he knew that these spiritual fruits were definitely good stuff, he really did not dare to eat them rashly. Otherwise, if his body could not take it and exploded, there would be no one to reason with.

Xia ruofei walked around the original space. Everything was normal. Be it the Golden nanmu sapling, the ginseng, the iron – Skin dendrobe, or the young red Dragon, everything was in high spirits.

Especially after the realm had been upgraded, the concentration of spirit Qi had increased again. These plants and animals were even more energetic, and the realm was full of prosperity.

Xia ruofei was initially worried about Blackie, the other puppies, and the Hornet in the new space. However, when he saw that the red Arowana was full of energy, he was relieved.

The original space was very small, only about eight mu. Very quickly, Xia ruofei had finished his inspection.

Then, with a thought, he teleported from the original space to the new space.

Under Xia ruofei’s deliberate control, he appeared on the peak of the mountain in the new space.

After entering the new space, Xia ruofei’s first feeling was that he was suddenly enlightened.

The original space was only about eight mu. Although the spiritual Qi was very rich, it was hard to avoid a sense of oppression after staying there for a long time. In the new space, this was the highest mountain in the space. It seemed as if there was no end to it. Xia ruofei felt much more open – minded.

Blackie and the rest sensed that Xia ruofei had entered the medium and rushed towards the hill.

Xia ruofei laughed and ran down the mountain.

Blackie was the fastest. Fluffy one, fluffy two, and the rest were a few meters behind it. It jumped into Xia ruofei’s arms.

Xia ruofei laughed heartily and hugged Blackie. He rubbed its smooth fur and said,””Little black, did you miss me?”

Blackie stuck out its tongue and licked Xia ruofei’s finger affectionately.

“Go! Accompany me to walk around the space first!” Xia ruofei said as he continued down the mountain.

Blackie had already exceeded the weight of an adult dog, but Xia ruofei could still carry it easily.

Fluffy one, fluffy two, and the rest followed behind Xia ruofei.

The all – terrain vehicle was parked at the foot of the mountain. Xia ruofei jumped into the car and placed Blackie on the passenger seat.

Fluffy one, fluffy two, and the rest were already used to it, so they jumped into the car as well.

Xia ruofei laughed and started the car. Then, he stepped on the gas pedal and sped through the medium.

With this upgrade, the area of the new space had expanded several times.

Xia ruofei drove for a long time before he arrived at the space membrane. He walked around the new space along the space membrane and could roughly estimate the size of the new space.

1000 mu.

This was the rough area that Xia ruofei had calculated. It was more than two times larger than the space after the last upgrade.

Besides, Xia ruofei realized that the terrain of the new space was also changing significantly.

Xia ruofei had felt it when they were going down the mountain. The height of the mountain had at least doubled, and it had expanded as a whole, so the foot of the mountain had begun to form a continuous shape.

The river that curved in front of the mountain had widened by two times, and its length was several times longer than the original. The spatial spirit pool in the river gushed, setting off waves from time to time, making a huge splashing sound when washing the riverbank.

The lake at the end of the river was also several times larger. The lake was sparkling with light, and it was a beautiful scene.

The terrain in the space was also constantly changing.

The rise and fall of the ground became more obvious. There were mountains, lakes, and basins in the space. Xia ruofei even found a small valley.

Looking at everything in front of him, Xia ruofei even had the illusion that he was in the medium but he felt like he was in a quiet resort in the outside world.

Xia ruofei even drove the all – terrain vehicle to the huge iron cage to check on the condition of the Hornets.

The bees buzzed in and out of the hive. Every single one of them was full of energy, and they were much larger than when they were first stored in the spatial pocket. Every single one of them looked extremely agile and fierce. A large number of them flew in and out of the hive at the same time, causing one’s heart to tremble.

Xia ruofei tried to direct the Hornet with his mind again. He realized that he was relatively successful in controlling about 150 Hornet at the same time, which was a great improvement from the last time.

Xia ruofei knew that this was probably because after the realm was upgraded, his spiritual connection with the realm had become closer.

After seeing the Hornet, Xia ruofei was finally ready to look at the mysterious wordless stone tablet.

Earlier on, they had come down from the other side, so Xia ruofei did not know if there were any changes to the wordless stone tablet.

With a hint of anticipation, he drove the stationary vehicle to the foot of the mountain on the other side of the stone tablet.

Xia ruofei jumped out of the car and ordered Blackie and the rest to wait for him. Then, he quickly climbed up the mountain.

The wordless stone tablet was located halfway up the mountain and Xia ruofei arrived there very quickly.

Before Xia ruofei could look at the wordless stone tablet, his eyes were attracted by something else. His eyes revealed a shocked expression and his mouth slowly opened wide. In the end, it was so wide that an egg could be put in it, but he didn’t notice ...