Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3701: The artifact Spirit acknowledges its master (1)

Translator: 549690339

Xia ruofei’s attention was completely focused on the spirit map’s space. He had already gathered a large amount of invisible spatial force to seal off the entire cave. If there were any abnormalities, he would be able to suppress it with all his might.

The spirit map space was Xia ruofei’s Foundation. There could not be any accidents.

The seven metal sheets gradually gathered together. They were all suspended in the air vertically, as if they were being held up by some invisible force.

The metal sheets formed a straight line, and the distance between them got closer and closer. Finally, they were completely stuck together.

Then, some parts of the metal piece slowly turned transparent, while some parts remained the same.

This way, some of the lines and patterns were preserved. When the lines on the seven metal pieces were put together, they formed a new line pattern.

At the same time, the dot on the metal piece was also preserved.

Each metal piece had one dot, and there were seven dots in total.

The metal sheets were stacked together, and the seven dots were connected by lines.

Xia ruofei observed them carefully and immediately recognized that the seven dots formed the Big Dipper.

When the metal pieces were pressed together, the Big Dipper pattern’s dot immediately emitted a dazzling light. This light also lit up all the lines on the metal piece.

Then, the seven metal sheets completely merged into one.

The thickness of these metal sheets was as thin as a cicada’s wings. Even when the seven pieces were put together, they were still very thin. One could not even feel that the thickness had increased by much.

When the metal pieces combined, the dazzling light began to dim.

After a short while, it returned to its original plain and simple appearance.

Xia ruofei secretly heaved a sigh of relief. He did not know what the metal pieces would do when they were put together, including the Big Dipper pattern on the metal pieces and the lines on the back. It was quite mysterious at first glance and he would not be able to figure it out in a short time.

However, he could keep this for future research. As long as the metal piece did not cause any trouble and did not destroy the spirit map space, Xia ruofei would be thankful. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Just as Xia ruofei let his guard down, the metal pieces suddenly jerked up. They even wanted to break through the isolation of the spirit map space and escape to the outside world.

Fortunately, Xia ruofei was still on guard. The invisible spatial force was also around the stone room, ready to suppress it at any time. So, he was only stunned for a moment before he quickly reacted. He immediately used the invisible spatial force to suppress the metal sheet assembly.

The spirit map space was, after all, under Xia ruofei’s absolute control. The metal piece struggled with great force, but it still could not escape from Xia ruofei’s palm. In a short while, it was suppressed and could not move.

In a mysterious space deep in the seven stars Pavilion, the artifact Spirit in the shape of a chubby baby showed an expression of not knowing whether to laugh or cry, and said to himself,&quot;&quot;This little guy is too cautious! What should 1 do?&quot;

After a moment, the chubby baby’s Artifact Spirit muttered to himself again,&quot;&quot;It seems that I’ll have to do it myself! This little fellow is really a blockhead!&quot;

With that, the chubby baby’s weapon spirit disappeared into the mysterious space in a flash..