Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 372: The mysterious stone chamber (1)

The wordless stone tablet was on a platform, and not far behind it was a mountain wall.

Before the space had been upgraded, not a blade of grass had grown on this mountain wall. Other than being very flat, there was nothing special about it.

However, when Xia ruofei stepped onto the platform, the first thing he saw was a dark cave on the mountain wall. The entrance of the cave was neat and flat. It was obviously not formed naturally.

Xia ruofei stood there, dumbfounded. He stared at the cave for a long time.

This should be the second place in the space with artificial traces. The first place was the wordless stone tablet.

Xia ruofei looked at the entrance of the cave and felt a little scared.

The original stone tablet was fine. Although Xia ruofei knew that this stone tablet was extraordinary after using his mind power, it was still a small stone tablet.

But now, it was a huge cave! The pitch – Black hole was like a ferocious beast with its mouth wide open. In this quiet space, there was a sense of oppression that made people’s hearts palpitate.

Xia ruofei stood there in a daze, many thoughts running through his mind.

What was in this cave that appeared out of nowhere? Would there be any danger? Could it be a living person?

It had been a long time since he had obtained the spirit map space. Xia ruofei had always been the only owner of this space, and his control over the space had increased day by day. Now that a cave had suddenly appeared, Xia ruofei felt an inexplicable panic in his heart.

He was no longer in the mood to check if there were any changes to the wordless stone tablet after the space upgrade. All his energy was focused on the cave.

Xia ruofei tried to release his mind power to see if he could investigate.

However, there seemed to be an invisible barrier at the entrance of the cave, and his mind could not penetrate into the cave.

It seemed that he had to go in and take a look himself.

Although Xia ruofei had no confidence in this and he did not want to enter the cave at all, now that it had appeared, there was a huge uncertainty. No matter what, he could not just leave it be.

Xia ruofei approached the cave step by step. He walked very slowly but steadily. His breathing was also adjusted to the best condition. His muscles were all tensed up so that he could react at the first sign of trouble.

When he reached the entrance of the cave, Xia ruofei pulled out the military dagger from his waist and held it in his hand. He took a deep breath and walked into the cave ...

The highest point of the cave was about two meters, and the width was about 1.5 meters.

As soon as Xia ruofei entered the cave, he felt that it was very dark. He took out a strong flashlight and shone it inside. He realized that it was a long and straight tunnel. The cave walls were very smooth. It was obvious that it was man – made.

Xia ruofei walked carefully into the cave. His high – Top leather boots made contact with the stone floor and made a “ka ka” sound. It echoed in the cave and the atmosphere became more tense.

The tunnel was about 50 meters long. Xia ruofei kept his guard up as he advanced.

Gradually, he found that the tunnel seemed to be slanted downward, which meant that he had been going downhill all the time, getting closer and closer to the mountainside.

As they advanced, Xia ruofei kept using his flashlight to shine at the cave walls and ceiling, but he found nothing.

After a while, Xia ruofei had reached the end of the tunnel.

As they got closer, Xia ruofei realized that there was a 90 – degree turn. Xia ruofei shone the flashlight at it but still found nothing.

He gritted his teeth and stepped into the new tunnel on the right.

As soon as he entered, Xia ruofei could feel that the spiritual Qi in the cave seemed to be richer than outside. It was no longer pitch – dark, and there was something embedded in the ceiling of the cave every seven or eight meters. It was emitting a faint glow, which lit up the corridor a little.

Xia ruofei shone the flashlight at the source of the light and realized that it was an egg – sized ball.

“Could this be the legendary Night Pearl?” Xia ruofei couldn’t help but Mutter to himself.

Because of the downward slope and the turn, the new tunnel should theoretically be dark. However, Xia ruofei realized that it was not dark at all.

Although the faint glow did not light up the tunnel as bright as day, they could still see the path clearly.

Xia ruofei did not put away the bright flashlight. He held the military dagger in one hand and the bright flashlight in the other as he continued to walk in. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

This new tunnel was even shorter, only about ten meters long.

Soon, Xia ruofei reached the end of the new tunnel.

His eyes immediately lit up ...

At the end of this new tunnel, there was another turn, and then a stone room appeared.

The light in the stone room was much stronger than that in the corridor, and it was also a faint yellow light.

Xia ruofei stood at the entrance of the stone chamber. He could see that the inner walls and ceiling of the stone chamber were embedded with many glowing beads like the ones he had seen in the new corridor. They lit up the entire stone chamber.

Xia ruofei stood at the door for a moment before walking in. Although he did not know if it was dangerous inside, he could not turn back now that he was already here.

He remained on high alert and stepped into the stone chamber.

The various dangerous traps and hidden weapons that he had imagined did not appear. Everything was calm.