Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3714: An unexpected discovery i Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Translator: 549690339

When she heard that Xia ruofei had taken the initiative to offer crystals to help Chen Nanfeng, and that Chen Nanfeng had successfully broken through, Ling Qingxue couldn’t help but exclaim,&quot;&quot;Ruofei, are you stupid? What good would it do you to help him break through to the nascent Soul Stage?&quot;

Xia ruofei smiled and said,&quot;the situation was quite dangerous at that time. If there was no timely supply of spiritual energy, it might not be as simple as a failed breakthrough. The huge backlash would cause great harm to the cultivator. If one was unlucky, they might even lose their life.&quot; &quot;So?&quot; Ling Qingxue shrugged.

&quot;Chen Xuan is my good friend. I can’t just sit by and do nothing.&quot; Xia ruofei said,&quot;even though I don’t have much of a relationship with sect leader Chen, and 1 always felt that sect leader Chen’s attitude towards me was unclear, and sometimes i even felt a sense of danger, 1 still had to help in that kind of situation.&quot;

Xia ruofei paused for a moment and continued,&quot;&quot;Furthermore, to them, 1 have a master who might be in the immortal soul Stage. I have always had sufficient cultivation resources, so everyone knows that I have the ability to fork out crystals to help sect leader Chen. If I don’t do anything, my friendship with Chen Xuan will definitely be gone.&quot;

&quot;lt seems like you still care about your relationship with Chen Xuan.&quot; Song Wei pursed her lips and laughed.&quot;You’re not wrong in doing this. Saving a life is better than building a seven – story Pagoda!&quot;

&quot;Wei Wei, the world of cultivation is very cruel.&quot; Ling Qingxue said,&quot;if you don’t believe me, you can ask RUO Fei. Other than him, who else offered to help?&quot; I’m sure that a large portion of those who congratulated Chen Nanfeng after the incident couldn’t wait for him to fail!&quot;

Ling Qingxue and Xia ruofei had experienced the mystic realm together on the moon. She clearly had a more direct understanding of the cruelty of the world of cultivation than Song Wei.

Xia ruofei smiled.&quot;It’s already happened. Let’s not talk about it. 1’11 continue.&quot;

&quot;Yes, yes, yes, continue!&quot; Song Wei said,&quot;you haven’t told me why you’re so happy! Don’t tell me you’re happy because of Chen Nanfeng’s breakthrough! &quot;

Ling Qingxue looked at the two of them helplessly and didn’t say anything else. It was just as Xia ruofei had said, everything that had happened had already happened. There was no point in saying anything more.

Hence, Xia ruofei continued to talk about the seven Star Pavilion.

Xia ruofei told his two confidants about his research on the mysterious origin Scripture, his entry into the seven stars Pavilion, his talent improvement, and the seven stars order in detail.

Ling Qingxue had also forgotten about what had just happened, and was listening with great interest with Song Wei.

The seven Star Pavilion was indeed a rare treasure. Xia ruofei’s experience in the seven Star Pavilion was indeed fascinating, especially the process of obtaining the seven Star token. It was full of ups and downs.

Of course, Xia ruofei still hid a little. In fact, he did not mention a detail. That was, the reason why the chubby baby weapon spirit decided to give the seven stars order to Xia ruofei was that the seven stars order fragment in the spirit map space had a certain effect, but Xia ruofei did not mention a word about this.

After all, the origin of this seven stars order fragment was a little bloody. Even though it wasn’t his fault, he didn’t want Song Wei and Ling Qingxue to experience the cruelty of the cultivation world again.

Ling Qingxue looked at Xia ruofei and said,&quot;&quot;In that case, talent really is very important!&quot;