Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3717: Late – Stage golden core (1)

Translator: 549690339

At this time, it was already late at night with a bright moon and few stars, and the Peach Blossom Island was completely silent.

Song Wei and Ling Qingxue, who were in the room next door, had already finished their cultivation and entered Dreamland. In one of the rooms downstairs, Li Yifu was still meditating and cultivating. After he had broken through to the Golden core stage, he worked even harder in his cultivation. In addition, he didn’t have much sleep and was busy with some daily affairs during the day. He only had a large amount of time to cultivate at night, so he often cultivated until the latter half of the night.

No one noticed that the spiritual Qi of the Peach Blossom Island was slowly gathering in the room where Xia ruofei was in seclusion.

That was because Xia ruofei had once again devoted himself to cultivation. This time, his goal was clear – to break through to the advanced stage of the Golden elixir realm in one go.

In fact, no matter where Xia ruofei cultivated, he would use purple origin crystals directly. They were much purer than ordinary origin crystals and naturally, the efficiency of absorbing spiritual energy was greatly improved.

Even so, he would still be able to absorb the spiritual energy from the outside world during the cultivation process.

Especially since the Yan Huang building on Peach Blossom Island was supported by two formations, the concentration of spiritual Qi was extremely high. Hence, it was easier for Xia ruofei to absorb it.

Any losses naturally needed to be replenished. The spiritual energy in the entire formation was always in the direction of balance, which was actually the same principle as a connector.

Therefore, once Xia ruofei started cultivating, the spiritual Qi here would naturally be consumed at a much faster rate. At the same time, the spiritual Qi in the formation would slowly fill up the area.

This time, Xia ruofei was cultivating the &quot; great Dao technique&quot;.

This had always been the technique he was best at and most familiar with. Even though the black origin Scripture had added the fourth meridian circulation diagram, it was still slightly inferior to the great Dao technique. Xia ruofei would naturally choose the great Dao technique, which was the best technique he was best at and the best technique he had mastered, to make a breakthrough.

Different from the mystic essence Scripture, Xia ruofei had been cultivating the great Dao Sutra for a long time. Besides, the great Dao Sutra did not require him to explore new cultivation methods, so everything was easy and familiar.

As soon as he started to practice, Xia ruofei immediately felt that the vital Qi in his body was full again.

He had already adjusted his condition to the best state. As soon as he started cultivating, he immediately entered a state of no distractions. All the distracting thoughts in his mind had been eliminated. At this time, he was simply cultivating. He didn’t even have the thought of breaking through.

A large amount of spiritual Qi gushed into Xia ruofei’s meridians. It followed the circulation path of the Golden elixir intermediate stage of the art of Dao and flowed in his meridians.

After each Qi circulation, a new wisp of vital Qi would be produced in his dantian, which would quickly merge with the other vital Qi.

As he completed the Qi circulation, Xia ruofei’s feeling of satiation became stronger.

However, he had been suppressing it and did not rashly attempt to break through the bottleneck.

He knew that the bottleneck from the middle stage to the late stage of the Aurous core stage was extremely difficult to overcome.

It might not be as difficult as breaking through to the original level, but it was not as easy as eating and drinking. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

It should be known that cultivators like Mu Sheng and Liu Mansha, who were extremely talented and had endless opportunities, and were also the sect leaders and valley Masters of first – Class sects, would not lack personal cultivation resources. However, they were still in the middle stage of the Golden core realm, and how many years had they been trapped in this realm? Even in Mu Sheng’s case, there was basically no hope of further improvement in his lifetime.

It was clear that breaking through to the late – Stage of the Aurous core stage was not an easy task.

Hence, Xia ruofei was very patient. He even suppressed his Yuan Qi on purpose and tried to compress it in his dantian.

The &quot;great Dao technique&quot; was obviously the most suitable for Xia ruofei. When he used this technique, he was the most comfortable. It was A Dangerous Method to compress such a huge amount of primordial Qi in his dantian. However, because he was cultivating the &quot;great Dao technique&quot;, it was still relatively easy for him.

Xia ruofei’s face was emotionless, and his mind was empty. The only thought in his mind was to continuously circulate his cultivation technique and absorb spiritual Qi. At this time, it was already late at night with a bright moon and few stars, and the Peach Blossom Island was completely silent..