Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 373: The mysterious stone chamber (2)

Xia ruofei did not let his guard down. He slowly walked into the stone room, his right hand holding the sharp military dagger tightly.

He quickly observed the stone room’s environment.

The stone room was not very big. It was only about 10 to 20 square meters in size. Other than the entrance that Xia ruofei had come in from, there were no other passages. Of course, it was still unknown if there were any hidden passages.

Xia ruofei’s worry that there would be a stranger did not exist. There were not many things in the stone room, and he could see everything at a glance.

There was a small stone bed in the innermost part of the room. It was actually a big stone. However, judging from its level and the stone strip on the wall, which was obviously a pillow, Xia ruofei could tell that it was a bed. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

On the stone bed, there was a round thing that looked like a stone or Jade. Xia ruofei couldn’t tell what it was made of, but from the outside, it looked like a futon that he had seen in movies.

There was only a stone table and two stone chairs in the stone room. The small stone room still seemed a little empty.

Xia ruofei’s attention was quickly drawn to the stone table.

The stone table was slightly larger than the usual study table used at home. Although there was nothing on it, there was a round protrusion that was very eye – catching and somewhat out of place.

Xia ruofei walked carefully to the stone table and reached out slowly to touch the round bump.

There was no response ...

Xia ruofei tried to turn it again but realized that it didn’t move at all.

Still no?

Xia ruofei thought for a while and pressed down hard.

This time, he seemed to have found the right way. The round protrusion was pressed into the table by Xia ruofei.

Then, Xia ruofei heard a series of cracking sounds. He quickly got into a defensive posture and focused on being alert for any unknown danger.

There was still no danger. Xia ruofei’s posture was in vain.

However, what happened next still made Xia ruofei’s eyes widen.

On the ground next to the stone table, two slates slid to two sides, and then a one – meter – wide stone platform slowly rose up with a cracking sound. The stone platform was also shrouded in a layer of blue light.

Xia ruofei subconsciously took a step back, his face full of wariness.

After a full two to three minutes, with a click, the stone platform rose to its position, basically level with the stone table.

Xia ruofei looked over and saw that there were five light balls of different sizes on the stone platform. Each light ball was wrapped in something, and it was barely visible.

From left to right, the first ball of light seemed to contain a thin book, while the second to the fourth balls of light each contained a palm – sized Jade tablet. They all looked similar. The last ball of light contained a small Jade box.

Xia ruofei walked to the side of the stone platform. With a trace of curiosity, he slowly reached out his hand to the light ball on the far right. He looked at the booklet on the left, which was the most shabby. Xia ruofei thought that the most valuable item should be the jade box on the far right, so he went straight to his target.

Unfortunately, this ball of light seemed to have the same effect as the space membrane. His hand could not penetrate it at all. A soft but extremely tenacious repulsive force prevented his hand from penetrating the ball of light.

Xia ruofei gritted his teeth and increased his strength, but it was of no use.

He then used his mind and spatial force in an attempt to break through, but his efforts were in vain.

The more Xia ruofei used his strength, the stronger the repulsive force became. It maintained a delicate balance. The jade box lay quietly in the ball of light, but Xia ruofei could only look at it. He could not reach it.

He forced a smile and changed his target to the second light ball from the right. Inside it was a Jade tablet. It was the closest to the jade box, so it should be more precious than the other three items.

Unfortunately, the situation was exactly the same as before. No matter how hard Xia ruofei tried, he could only see it but not touch it. He could not even think of breaking through the protection of the light ball.

Xia ruofei did not believe it. He turned to the third ball of light from the right.

Failed.

The fourth ball of light from the right.

He still failed ...

Xia ruofei felt as if he had used all his strength, but he still couldn’t shake the light balls. However, he could feel that the first light ball on the right had the strongest defense. When it came to the fourth light ball, Xia ruofei could make it shake slightly as if it could break into the inner part at any time.

However, he was just a little bit off. No matter how hard he tried, he was still a little off.

Xia ruofei had to change his target to the last one, which was the first one on the left. There was a light ball with a small booklet inside.

He clenched his right hand into a claw and tried to break through. The familiar repulsive force came, but there was no effect ...

With a thought, Xia ruofei combined the invisible spatial force with his own body’s strength and tried again!

The ball of light’s Halo began to shake slightly.

Xia ruofei gritted his teeth and continued to increase the strength. The light ball was shaking more and more.

In the end, Xia ruofei roared and used all his strength to push in. At the same time, the five elements in space exploded with a huge force.

With a “crack,” the extremely flexible ball of light finally broke, turning into spots of light and disappearing into the stone room.

Xia ruofei was sweating profusely and panting heavily. He was really out of energy.

He didn’t expect that a seemingly fragile ball of light would actually have such a powerful defense.

Xia ruofei felt that the strength he had used just now could have bent a steel pipe, but he had only managed to break through.

He looked at the four light orbs beside him and suddenly felt a sense of powerlessness.

He didn’t know when he could break them ...

Xia ruofei believed that as he continued to grow stronger, that day would come. As for now, he could only look at the things in the ball of light with envy.

Soon, Xia ruofei recovered a little. He immediately focused on the thin booklet.

Xia ruofei slowly reached out his hand and grabbed the booklet.

Without the defense of the light ball, Xia ruofei easily grabbed the booklet in his hand.

It felt silky smooth in his hand. This booklet was not made of ordinary paper. It was more like silk, but tougher. It looked like a normal piece of paper. The golden light on its surface made Xia ruofei realize that it was not as simple as silk.

He had tried to tear the book, but it was impossible for him to do so with his own strength. If it was ordinary silk, he could easily tear it apart with a little force.

There were no words or pictures on the cover of the booklet. Xia ruofei slowly opened it with a trace of expectation ...