Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00


3735 A heavy responsibility (1)

How could Xia ruofei not know what the copper coffin senior had said?

Everyone understood the logic, but when he felt that this heavy burden was on his shoulders, Xia ruofei still felt extremely stressed. He forced a smile and said,"uncle - Master Zhao, I understand... Please rest here and recuperate. I'm sure that with master and those powerful seniors here, the situation won't deteriorate to an irredeemable stage."

Senior copper coffin bitterly smiled and said,""No matter how anxious I am, I can't do anything about it. To be honest ... Even if I were to recover and come out of seclusion right now, I wouldn't be of much help with my mid - nascent Soul Stage strength ... Since things have come to this, I can only do my best and leave it to fate! I hope that the heavens will not destroy our cultivation world!"

Xia ruofei nodded and said,"""The heavens will always leave a way out. There must be hope!"

Senior copper coffin was panting slightly. He nodded and said, "Mm! Nephew, since you've come to this underground Palace, you can explore the places I've pointed out to you. You might be able to gain something. As for the other areas, I advise you not to take any risks for the time being. Your current cultivation is still too low."

Xia ruofei nodded and said,"I understand!" Please don't worry, martial uncle Zhao, I'm not a reckless person. I won't joke around with my life."

Xia ruofei saw that senior copper coffin seemed to be in a dispirited state and guessed that he wouldn't be able to come out for too long, so he said, ""Martial uncle Zhao, you're still seriously injured. You should hurry and continue to recuperate! This junior will take his leave now!"

Senior copper coffin's face was a little pale. He nodded and said," "Alright! Since nephew was able to find this place, you can come and visit me when you have time and tell me about the situation in the cultivation world ..."Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

"No problem! Perhaps this junior has a lot of cultivation questions that I would like to ask you!" Xia ruofei said with a smile.

"I can't give any guidance to the disciples of the mountain river sect." Senior copper coffin smiled and said,"alright, I have to return to the copper coffin immediately. Otherwise, my injuries will continue to worsen! Nephew, let's part ways here!"

"Alright, I'll take my leave!" Xia ruofei bowed.

The copper coffin senior nodded slightly, and then lay back in the coffin. The lid of the coffin slid over silently and closed. Then, a loud bang sounded, and the huge copper coffin sank into the wall again. After the copper coffin senior returned, Song Wei and Ling Qingxue felt the pressure on their bodies ease up. Although the copper coffin senior's cultivation had dropped due to his serious injuries, his spiritual power was still extremely high. After he appeared, Song Wei and Ling Qingxue, who were only in the Qi refining stage, could not help but feel the pressure in the air.

F R E E W N . C O M

This kind of feeling was rather uncomfortable. After senior copper coffin left, the two of them felt as if a heavy burden had been lifted off their shoulders.

Ling Qingxue couldn't help but let out a long breath, then asked impatiently," "RUO Fei, what did you talk about with this senior? Why are you still hiding it from me and Wei Wei?"

Xia ruofei turned around and looked at the wall where the coffin was buried. He said," "Go! Let's go out and talk!"bender

With that, Xia ruofei pulled Song Wei and Ling Qingxue out of the stone chamber.

He led his two female confidants and skillfully bypassed the winding tunnel. It didn't take long for them to find an entrance.

The three of them stood at the entrance of the cave and looked down. Below them was still the huge square, and the Jade stone platform in the center of the square could be clearly seen. How could Xia ruofei not know what the copper coffin senior had said? Everyone understood the logic, but when he felt that this heavy burden was on his shoulders, Xia ruofei still felt extremely stressed.

He forced a smile and said, "uncle - Master Zhao, I understand... Please rest here and recuperate. I'm sure that with master and those powerful seniors here, the situation won't deteriorate to an irredeemable stage."

Senior copper coffin bitterly smiled and said,""No matter how anxious I am, I can't do anything about it. To be honest. ... Even if I were to recover and come out of seclusion right now, I wouldn't be of much help with my mid - nascent Soul Stage strength ... Since things have come to this, I can only do my best and leave it to fate! I hope that the heavens will not destroy our cultivation world!"

Xia ruofei nodded and said,""The heavens will always leave a way out. There must be hope!"

Senior copper coffin was panting slightly. He nodded and said, ""Mm! Nephew, since you've come to this underground Palace, you can explore the places I've pointed out to you. You might be able to gain something. As for the other areas, I advise you not to take any risks for the time being. Your current cultivation is still too low."

Xia ruofei nodded and said, "I understand!" Please don't worry, martial uncle Zhao, I'm not a reckless person. I won't joke around with my life."

Xia ruofei saw that senior copper coffin seemed to be in a dispirited state and guessed that he wouldn't be able to come out for too long, so he said,""Martial uncle Zhao, you're still seriously injured. You should hurry and continue to recuperate! This junior will take his leave now!"

Senior copper coffin's face was a little pale. He nodded and said," "Alright! Since nephew was able to find this place, you can come and visit me when you have time and tell me about the situation in the cultivation world ..."

"No problem! Perhaps this junior has a lot of cultivation questions that I would like to ask you!" Xia ruofei said with a smile.

"I can't give any guidance to the disciples of the mountain river sect." Senior copper coffin smiled and said, "alright, I have to return to the copper coffin immediately. Otherwise, my injuries will continue to worsen! Nephew, let's part ways here!"
 