Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3737: The mysterious lake (1)

Translator: 549690339

It seemed that this small lake was formed by the water droplets dripping from the stalactites.

Water drops pierced through rocks. It was unknown how long this place had existed, but the water droplets that continued to fall from above had created such a large crater in the rocks on the ground, forming a small lake.

Xia ruofei and the other two did not feel any danger here, but they still did not dare to let their guard down. Xia ruofei maintained the state of spiritual power radiation. He was on guard and looked around.

The cave was very quiet. Other than the sound of water droplets falling on the lake surface, there was basically no other sound. The footsteps of the three people formed an echo in the cave, which felt very empty.

Xia ruofei thought to himself,senior copper coffin specifically pointed out this cave. What kind of opportunity is there?

The interior of the cave was almost unobstructed. Other than the stalactites, the small lake below, and the craggy rock wall, nothing else could be seen.

Xia ruofei had also used his spiritual power to check carefully. There were no fluctuations of any arrays here.

Besides, Xia ruofei used his spiritual power to check the places where there might be traps. He did not find anything unusual.

In other words, he could basically rule out the possibility of formations and traps.

Of course, unless the formation or mechanism could fool Xia ruofeis eyes.

Xia ruofei brought Song Wei and Ling Qingxue to his side and started to walk along the walls of the cave. They walked around the small lake and checked it out bit by bit. Sometimes, the detection of spiritual power was not omnipotent, especially in places where spiritual power might be suppressed. The naked eye was more useful.

However, the three of them still didnt find anything after walking around.

Xia ruofei looked at the small lake. Nothing seemed out of the ordinary. The only thing that could have changed was the small lake.

Actually, when Xia ruofei first entered the cave, his attention was focused on the lake.

However, after scanning with his mental power, he found that it seemed to be just an ordinary Lake. There was nothing special about it, so he put it aside for the time being and checked the surrounding environment first.

Now that there were no clues in the surroundings, Xia ruofei naturally focused his attention on the small lake.

He carefully examined the lake water again and still didnt find anything special. It felt like ordinary water.

However, when he wanted to investigate the situation at the bottom of the lake, he immediately felt a trace of abnormality. The lakes suppression on mental power was extraordinary, and his mental power could not go any deeper.

Xia ruofei suddenly became energetic.

His mental power was already comparable to a mid Stage nascent soul cultivator. It was very unusual that he couldnt go deep into the lake.

Xia ruofei did not increase his spiritual power to check the situation at the bottom of the lake.bender

He then continued to analyze the lake water.

The lake water looked very clear, colorless and odorless, and under the investigation of his spiritual power, it did not show any unusual signs.

If there was nothing wrong with the lake water, then there must be something at the bottom of the lake that was suppressing his spiritual power.

However, Xia ruofei did not ignore the lake. Instead, he carefully examined it again. Even if he did not find anything unusual, he did not let his guard down.

He pondered for a moment and decided to take a fish from the river in the mountain and sea realm. Not only were there all kinds of fish, shrimp, crabs, and other creatures in the sea, but there were also some freshwater creatures in the river.

Xia ruofei had checked the lake and knew that it was freshwater, so he decided to try it with a freshwater fish.

With a thought, Xia ruofei took the chub out of the spirit map space and threw it into the small lake in front of him.

Song Wei and Ling Qingxue were shocked when they saw Xia ruofei take out a live fish from his spatial treasure.

They also knew that magical treasures like storage rings couldnt store living things. Even if a living thing was put in, it would die instantly.

However, they were already used to Xia ruofeis miracles, so they didnt think too much about it. Perhaps Xia ruofeis storage treasure was special, or perhaps he was using an array to protect these living creatures. After all, his array Dao was extremely high. In short, there were many possibilities. In their opinion, as long as Xia ruofei wanted to, there was nothing he couldnt do.

So, they quickly focused their attention on the fish.

After the chub entered the lake, it became extremely excited as if it had been injected with chicken blood. It swung its tail and dived into the depths of the lake.

However, the chub didnt swim far. Everyone could still see it clearly through the water. At this time, the chub suddenly exploded without warning It seemed that this small lake was formed by the water droplets dripping from the stalactite.

Water drops pierced through rocks. It was unknown how long this place had existed, but the water droplets that continued to fall from above had created such a large crater in the rocks on the ground, forming a small lake.

Xia ruofei and the other two did not feel any danger here, but they still did not dare to let their guard down. Xia ruofei maintained the state of spiritual power radiation. He was on guard and looked around.

The cave was very quiet. Other than the sound of water droplets falling on the lake surface, there was basically no other sound. The footsteps of the three people formed an echo in the cave, which felt very empty..

Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m