Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3743: Continue to sweep up the goods (1)

Translator: 549690339

The water droplets on the stalactites at the top of the cave were gradually condensing, but it clearly still needed some time before they could fall down.

The spring at the bottom of the lake was constantly gushing out water, so very soon, a pool of clear water had gathered at the bottom of the lake.

Xia ruofei couldnt help but click his tongue in wonder. Logically speaking, if the spring kept spewing water, this small lake would be filled up sooner or later. Why was the water level always maintained at a certain height?

He raised this question, and the turtle servant explained,Master, there should be a drainage channel inside the spring, so after the water level reaches a certain height, it wont rise any further. If too much water drops from the top of the cave, the poisonous water will even flow through the drainage channel. However, there are very few drops of water falling from the top of the cave, so it basically has no effect!

Xia ruofei nodded and stood in place, deep in thought.

The turtle was in a terrible condition. It had been seriously injured. After Xia ruofei stopped attacking, it had been channeling energy to heal itself, but its injuries were still worsening. If it were to receive effective treatment, it would not be able to hold on for long. It would die in an hour at most.

The spiritual turtle was very anxious and afraid. However, under the effect of the soul seal, it would not be as angry as Xia ruofei. It did not dare to make any requests and could only wait anxiously.

With a thought, Xia ruofei took out two more chubs from the spirit map space. After all, there were the most chubs in the river in the space. If he took one, there was a high chance that it would be a chubs.

He put one of the silver carp in a plastic basin, then took half a basin of spring water from the lake and filled it.

As for the other chub, Xia ruofei threw it directly into the spring water that had just emerged.

Chubs grew up in the spirit map space, so their vitality was much stronger than ordinary chubs. The moment it entered the water, its tail wagged a few times with considerable strength, and it swam happily in the water.

The chub in the basin wasnt very obedient either. It kept swimming in the small space, splashing water from time to time.

Xia ruofei observed quietly. The chub in the lake did not show any signs of abnormality. It swam freely in the spring water. A few minutes had passed, but it did not explode without any warning like the other fish.bender

As for the chub in the plastic basin, there was nothing unusual about it.

Xia ruofei placed the plastic basin at a relatively safe position about ten meters away from the lake. At the same time, he set up a protective barrier.

At this time, under the stalactite at the top of the cave, the drop of water had finally condensed to a certain degree, and under the effect of gravity, it gently dripped down.

With a ding dong sound, the water bead fell into the spring at the bottom of the lake, splashing a little bit of water and spreading out in circles.

The chub in the water didnt seem to notice it and was still swimming happily.

However, after a short while, the chub followed in the footsteps of the few of its kind in front of it. Without any warning, it suddenly exploded.

Xia ruofei was already prepared. He had retreated to a safe distance and even activated his vital Qi protective shield.

The blood and flesh of the silver carp fell into the lake, and in the blink of an eye, the water became clear again. The blood and flesh seemed to have been completely absorbed and purified by the lake.

The chub in the plastic basin was still swimming freely without any abnormalities.

Xia ruofei nodded to himself. It seemed like the spiritual turtles information was correct. The spring water itself was not poisonous, but when two types of water were mixed together, it could produce such a terrifying effect!

The lake water that he had collected was a rare treasure in itself. It could play a miraculous role in a battle!

There was more and more clear water at the bottom of the lake. Although there was only one drop of stalactite water, in theory, it was already poisonous water. What happened to the silver carp just now had also confirmed this.

However, Xia ruofei did not collect any more of the lake water. After all, he had already collected enough. This kind of thing would have a miraculous effect when the enemy caught him off guard. He did not need a lot of it to use. Moreover, the poisonous water was produced continuously here. Xia ruofei could not just wait here to collect it.

If he really needed more in the future, he could come in again. By then, the lake would be filled with water again, and he could just collect it all at once.

Xia ruofei did not impose any restrictions on the spiritual turtle. Hence, although it was in the spirit map space, it could still sense the situation outside.

The spiritual turtle watched Xia ruofeis experiment with his own eyes and couldnt help but sigh. Master is really strict!

Xia ruofei clearly knew that the spiritual turtle would not lie under the effect of the soul seal, but he still carried out his own verification meticulously.

After all, although the spirit turtle would not lie to him, he could not rule out the possibility that it had obtained wrong information.

Xia ruofei looked at the ceiling of the cave. A new drop of water was slowly forming at the bottom of the stalactite.

He took another silver carp and put it in a plastic basin, which also contained a lot of water from the space River.

Then, he took out the plastic basin with the chub from the spirit map space, lifted it with his mental power, and placed it right below the stalactite.RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Then, he stood there and waited without moving.

The spirit turtle in the spirit map space was burning with anxiety. In just a short while, its injuries had worsened a lot, and it was really on the verge of death. If it wasnt for its strong cultivation, it would have died long ago..