Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3744 Â Continue to sweep up the goods (2)

Â  Ling Qingxue and Song Wei were very obedient and stayed far away. Of course, they were also very concerned about Xia ruofei's situation. However, since Xia ruofei did not let them out, they would definitely not go and disturb him.

Â  The water droplets at the bottom of the stalactite grew larger and larger, and finally left the stalactite under the effect of gravity, gently dripping down.

Â  If Xia ruofei had not placed a basin there, this drop of water would have naturally fallen into the lake. However, it would have been "intercepted" by the plastic basin.

Â  The drop of water fell right into the plastic basin. It even fell directly on the back of the chub and then slid into the water.

Â  Xia ruofei placed the plastic basin gently by the lakeshore and observed it silently.

Â  A few minutes passed, and the chub still didn't show any signs of abnormality. It was still swimming in the water with great energy.

Â  In the other plastic basin, the chub in the spring water at the bottom of the lake did the same. It did not suddenly explode.

Â  At this point, Xia ruofei had completely verified the information provided by the spiritual turtle. Whether it was the spring water at the bottom of the lake or the stalactites on the top of the cave, they were not poisonous and would not have any adverse effects on living things.

Â  The combination of the two had proven its toxic effect many times.

Â  At this moment, Xia ruofei finally confirmed the spiritual turtle's words.

Â  He casually threw the two chubs into the lake. The two chubs had already completed their mission as test subjects, and they were both stained with the spring water from the bottom of the lake or stalactites from the top of the cave, so they naturally couldn't be thrown back into the river of space.

Â  As long as there was the slightest possibility of polluting the space River, Xia ruofei would not be careless.

Â  It didn't take long for the two chumps to explode almost at the same time, and without any warning, they exploded into pieces.

Â  Xia ruofei put away the vital Qi Shield and continued to speak to the dying spiritual turtle in the spirit map space,""Looks like you're right. The two types of water aren't poisonous, but when mixed together, they can produce a terrifying effect! The fused lake water is indeed a good thing!"

Â  "Master, of course I wouldn't dare to lie to you," the spirit turtle said, barely breathing.

Â  Xia ruofei used his spiritual power to scan the spiritual turtle and found that it was in a bad state. Its serious injuries had basically made it on the verge of death.

Â  Xia ruofei quickly said,"are you that badly injured?" You don't seem to be in good condition ..."

Â  "Master, I really can't hold on much longer." The spirit turtle laughed bitterly and sent a voice transmission,"I only hate that my body is too weak. I may not be able to serve you at all times ..." Äiscover nğ’†w chaptğ’†rs ğ’n n0ğ’—e(l)biğ’(.)com

Â  Xia ruofei was a little embarrassed.""It's all my fault for being too heavy - handed ..."

Â  The spiritual turtle quickly transmitted a message."Master, you're too serious. We were enemies just now. You naturally couldn't hold back. How can you be blamed for this?"

Â  Xia ruofei chuckled and said telepathically,"no matter what, your injury is directly related to me. I should take the blame." But don't worry, since you're my subordinate now, I won't leave you in the lurch!"

Â  The spiritual turtle was overjoyed and said with tears of gratitude,""Thank you for your concern, master!"

Â  Xia ruofei smiled and transmitted his voice to her."It's okay. Don't worry. This injury is nothing. I'll recover soon."

Â  The spiritual turtle's injuries were actually very serious. It did not even dare to hope that the injuries would heal.

Â  After Xia ruofei finished speaking, he did not hesitate to use an invisible force to retrieve a spirit Heart Flower petal from the spirit map space. He then sent it to the spirit turtle that was lying on the grass in the mountain sea realm.

Â  As long as there was the slightest possibility of polluting the space River, Xia ruofei would not be careless.

Â  The spiritual turtle's injuries were actually very serious. It did not even dare to hope that the injuries would heal.

Â  After Xia ruofei finished speaking, he did not hesitate to use an invisible force to retrieve a spirit Heart Flower petal from the spirit map space. He then sent it to the spirit turtle that was lying on the grass in the mountain sea realm. As long as there was the slightest possibility of polluting the space River, Xia ruofei would not be careless.

Â  It didn't take long for the two chumps to explode almost at the same time, and without any warning, they exploded into pieces.

Â  The spiritual turtle's injuries were actually very serious. It did not even dare to hope that the injuries would heal.

Â  After Xia ruofei finished speaking, he did not hesitate to use an invisible force to retrieve a spirit Heart Flower petal from the spirit map space. He then sent it to the spirit turtle that was lying on the grass in the mountain sea realm. After Xia ruofei finished speaking, he did not hesitate to use an invisible force to retrieve a spirit Heart Flower petal from the spirit map space. He then sent it to the spirit turtle that was lying on the grass in the mountain sea realm.