Chapter 376: Powerful medicinal effect (2)

At this time, the warm current in his body had decreased a lot, but it was still surging. Xia ruofei did not hesitate and immediately changed to the second posture.

Every set of movements the little golden man demonstrated was extremely strange, and the second set was naturally no exception.

Xia ruofei had the experience of practicing the first set of movements, so after two failures, he succeeded in the second set of movements.

The moment the second set was completed, Xia ruofei couldn’t help but groan. The familiar pain from the first set of movements came back.

At the same time, he also felt that the warm current in his body was being consumed much faster.

Xia ruofei was overjoyed. He knew that he had passed this small crisis and the effects of the body tempering soup would be worn out soon.

However, the pain from practicing the second set of movements was getting more and more intense. Xia ruofei could be said to be in pain and happiness at the same time.

After a few minutes, the last bit of the medicine was absorbed by Xia ruofei’s body.

At the same time, Xia ruofei groaned in pain. He could no longer maintain his second posture and fell to the ground like a dead dog.

Xia ruofei knew very well that if it were not for the effects of the body tempering soup, he would not have been able to practice the second set of movements for so long. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

After recovering some energy, Xia ruofei struggled to get up.

He wasn’t in a hurry to test how much stronger he had become after taking the body tempering soup, but he really couldn’t stand the smell of his body.

After Xia ruofei absorbed the effects of the body tempering soup, not only did he break through to the second set of movements, but a thick layer of black grease appeared on his skin again. When he practiced the first set of movements, he would expel some filth, but it was already very little. He did not expect to force out so much filth this time.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but think,”how dirty is my body? Why can’t the impurities be discharged?

If someone who practiced martial arts knew Xia ruofei’s thoughts, they would probably go crazy with jealousy.

When a person ate the five grains, it was natural for impurities to accumulate in the body. Those who practiced martial arts tried all kinds of ways to purify their body and expel these impurities, but under normal circumstances, the results were very little.

For someone like Xia ruofei, who could expel so many impurities at once, it was definitely a heaven – defying opportunity. Yet, this guy was still complaining that he had too many impurities in his body. How pretentious was he?

Xia ruofei had wanted to continue exploring the booklet after his spiritual power had recovered. However, he had to change his plan now because he had to wash up first.

There were rivers and lakes in the new space, but Xia ruofei did not want to pollute this paradise – like place. It was better for him to wash up in the outside world. The earth outside was already polluted enough, and he did not mind.

Xia ruofei returned to his room.

He took his clothes to the bathroom and washed them five times before he was finally clean of the smelly, greasy dirt. After changing into a clean set of clothes, Xia ruofei entered the medium again, feeling refreshed.

Xia ruofei had been fully revived. Both his physical strength and spiritual power had been restored to their peak.

However, he was not in a hurry to study the booklet.

After taking the body tempering soup this time, Xia ruofei felt that his body had become much stronger. Naturally, he wanted to test it out.

After the experiment, Xia ruofei couldn’t help but feel speechless.

His body seemed to have broken away from the limits of the human body that was scientifically understood.

Just now, Xia ruofei had tried to jump from the same spot in the medium. He had actually jumped three meters high easily. This jumping power was simply too heaven – defying! If he went to the Olympics, wouldn’t he win all the gold medals in the jumping event?

In terms of strength, Xia ruofei performed a set of military boxing in the medium, which was called vigorous and vigorous. He also performed Tai Chi and felt that he had become more comprehensive. It was as if he had mastered the profound and obscure parts.

However, Xia ruofei still did not have a direct understanding of his own strength. Hence, he found a Phoebe zhennan tree in the original space and used all his strength to punch the unlucky tree.

With a loud bang, a deep fist mark appeared on the Phoebe zhennan tree, and almost the entire fist was buried in the tree.

Then, Xia ruofei heard a series of cracking sounds and the Phoebe zhennan tree fell to the ground in front of Xia ruofei’s astonished eyes ...

The broken part was the part that Xia ruofei had punched.

Xia ruofei’s eyes widened in disbelief. The tree was more than 30 centimeters in diameter! He had actually broken it with one punch ...

Then what if this fist landed on a human body?

Xia ruofei used to be an elite member of the Special Forces, and the Special Forces had high physical requirements for soldiers. However, in the era of firearms, physical fitness was only the basic guarantee of combat. They still relied more on various advanced weapons.

For a Special Forces soldier, it was not good to have poor physical fitness. However, physical fitness alone was not enough to become an outstanding Special Forces soldier. For example, when Xia ruofei was in the Army, he was not only required to be skilled in driving all kinds of special vehicles but also in operating all kinds of advanced weapons.