Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3756 Â Primordial spirit elixir (2)

Â  Moreover, according to the spiritual turtle, the king lightning snake rarely acted alone. In other words, there could be more than one king lightning snake in the lava lake. Hence, Xia ruofei did not dare to relax.

Â  He continued to fly upwards on his flying sword as he focused his attention on the lava lake.

Â  Soon, he arrived at the second black stone step. There was still no movement in the lava lake. However, the calmer it was, the more uneasy Xia ruofei felt. This kind of calmness often brewed fatal danger.

Â  The third level, the fourth level ...

Â  Unknowingly, Xia ruofei had already approached the stone platform where the jade box was.

Â  Xia ruofei continued to release his spiritual power, paying attention to every movement in the lava lake. Even though he had used up a lot of his spiritual power, he did not relax. This was not the time to save his spiritual power.

Â  The blue travel immortal sword maintained a relatively constant speed as it flew diagonally upwards. When there were only two steps left and it was about to reach the stone platform, Xia ruofei silently performed the sword technique and the speed of the flying sword suddenly increased.

Â  If it was like a car moving slowly in second gear at the beginning, it was now suddenly changing to fifth gear and accelerating instantly.

Â  Xia ruofei rode on the blue travel immortal sword and soon arrived at the top of the first black stone step.

Â  There was still no movement in the magma Lake, only the bubbling and the waves of heat.

Â  Xia ruofei didn't dare to relax. He was very clear that although the lightning King Snake seemed to have suffered a little injury, it was definitely not to the extent of a serious injury. The other party was just hiding in the lava lake, waiting for an opportunity to give him a fatal blow. DiisCoover ğ’–pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)coğ’

Â  Moreover, according to the spiritual turtle, the king lightning snake rarely acted alone. In other words, there could be more than one king lightning snake in the lava lake. Hence, Xia ruofei did not dare to relax.

Â  The blue travel immortal sword maintained a relatively constant speed as it flew diagonally upwards. When there were only two steps left and it was about to reach the stone platform, Xia ruofei silently performed the sword technique and the speed of the flying sword suddenly increased.

Â  If it was like a car moving slowly in second gear at the beginning, it was now suddenly changing to fifth gear and accelerating instantly. The blue travel immortal sword maintained a relatively constant speed as it flew diagonally upwards. When there were only two steps left and it was about to reach the stone platform, Xia ruofei silently performed the sword technique and the speed of the flying sword suddenly increased.

Â  If it was like a car moving slowly in second gear at the beginning, it was now suddenly changing to fifth gear and accelerating instantly.