Chapter 3757: Great harvest (1)

Translator: 549690339

Xia ruofei was so excited that he almost lost his balance. To Xia ruofei, who had always been calm and steady, this was a rare situation.

The main reason was that the items he had obtained this time were simply too shocking.

In the ancient jade box, there were two elixirs that gave off a strong fragrance. Xia ruofei did not need to ask the spiritual turtle because he had obtained a large number of ancient books and had a very good understanding of this famous pill.

The primordial soul pill could greatly increase the success rate of a nascent Soul Stage cultivator breaking through to the primordial soul Stage.

To the current cultivation world, this was undoubtedly a priceless treasure.

After all, Xia ruofei had only received a bottle of nascent condensation pills as a reward for clearing the nine levels of the trial Pagoda in the mystic Luna realm.

Of course, Xia ruofei did not know that the bottle of nascent formation pills was also a prize that his master, Daoist priest Qing Xuan, had won after a bet with him. It included the gilded soft armor with strong defensive power, which was also a gift from Daoist priest Shan He to his disciple. He had broken the record and was the first to enter the 9th level of the trial Pagoda. The true reward was the large amount of precious books on the bookshelf, as well as the small mountain of purple Yuan crystals in his storage ring.

Of course, there were also two storage rings that could only be opened after he had broken through to the nascent Soul Stage and the primordial spirit stage. He was not sure what the rewards were in them yet.

In Xia ruofeis opinion, he had gone through so much trouble to pass the nine Level trial tower, but the reward was only a nascent soul pill. According to the ancient records, the value of this primordial soul pill could be said to be ten times or even a hundred times more valuable than a nascent soul pill.

Even when the world of cultivation was at its peak, the primordial soul realm cultivators were the backbone of the world of cultivation.Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

On the other hand, one primordial soul elixir could basically create an immortal soul Stage cultivator.

Even during the golden age of the cultivation world, primordial soul pills could only be refined by a small number of high Level alchemists, and the raw materials required were all very precious spiritual herbs. It was impossible for ordinary cultivators to collect all of them, and even if they were lucky enough to find one, it was very difficult to find a high Level Alchemist who could refine primordial soul pills.

Even if all these conditions were met, the success rate of refining primordial soul pills was absurdly low. Even if an alchemy Grandmaster were to personally refine them, the success rate of refining primordial soul pills would only be about 30%.

The process of refining a primordial soul pill was extremely complicated and cumbersome, and it required an extremely high level of skill from The Alchemist. If there was a slight mistake in any link or a slight lack of control over the fire, all the effort would be destroyed in a day, and those extremely precious raw materials would naturally be burned to ashes.

Therefore, during the flourishing period of the cultivation world, primordial soul pills were priceless. Only outstanding disciples of some large sects had the opportunity to use them when they were about to break through.

Xia ruofei had never thought that he would be able to obtain the primordial soul pill in the lava cave of the underground palace. Furthermore, he had obtained two of them in one go.bender

He still felt like he was in a dream.

However, it seemed that everything was predestined. With a large number of purple origin crystals, nascent condensation pills, and primordial soul pills, it was no exaggeration to say that Xia ruofeis path of cultivation had become very open. From now on, he would reach the primordial soul realm without any delay.

Xia ruofei checked them carefully and found that the quality of the two primordial soul pills was very good. The ancient jade box was probably specially made as well. Therefore, the medicinal properties of the two primordial soul pills had not been lost even after being in the lava for God knows how long. They were still in the same state as when they were first refined.

He hurriedly closed the box and carefully kept it in the stone chamber.

Then, Xia ruofei started to fly towards the exit of the cave on the blue travel immortal sword.

Along the way, Xia ruofei was still very excited. He was also very glad that he had persevered.

If he had decided to retreat after being persuaded by Song Wei and Ling Qingxue, or if he had given up after being at his wits end in front of the lava lake, he would not have been able to obtain the two primordial soul pills.

After the long conversation with senior copper coffin, Xia ruofei had a sense of urgency and was eager to improve his strength. Therefore, he didnt want to give up on any of the caves that senior copper coffin had pointed out.

It was also this kind of persistence that allowed him to obtain this unexpected surprise.

As Xia ruofei flew towards the caves exit on his flying sword, he made up his mind. There were still three caves that senior copper coffin had pointed out that might contain opportunities.. No matter how difficult it was, he had to finish exploring them and obtain the opportunities in the caves!