Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3760: Hard work in cultivation (1)

Translator: 549690339bender

Yes! Senior granduncle! Li Yifu quickly replied respectfully.

As Xia ruofei walked down the stairs, he said to Song Wei and Ling

Qingxue,Weiwei, Qingxue, you two should stay here and cultivate. Im going to be in closed door cultivation for a long time, so well have to wait until 1 come out before we can cultivate together. In addition, if you have something to do and need to return to your country, let your foster husband arrange a plane for you. For the time being, this is the only way to overcome it!

No problem! Song Wei nodded. I dont have much to do at school, and I want to break through to the Golden core stage as soon as possible, so I wont be back in the country for a while.

Yeah! Ling Qingxue also agreed. Just focus on your cultivation! Dont worry about us! Ive already handed over all the matters of my company and my dad wont look for me for anything. Like Weiwei, 1 plan to break through to the Golden core stage first!

Xia ruofei nodded and said,yes! Then lets work hard together!

While they were talking, Xia ruofei and the others had already arrived at the large suite on the top floor.

Senior granduncle, Li Yifu said,youve had a hard time on the way. Do you want to eat something first and rest before you go into seclusion?

Due to the time difference, it was noon on peach source Island, and it was indeed time for lunch.

Xia ruofei thought for a while and nodded.Alright! Then lets have lunch first and have a good rest. Well officially start our closed door cultivation tomorrow!

Alright! Li Yifu replied happily. Then you and the two martial grandmothers can rest in the room first, this disciple will go prepare lunch!

Xia ruofei said gently,alright! Then Ill have to trouble you, foster husband!

Martial granduncles words are too serious, this is a disciples duty! Li Yifu hurriedly said,then, this disciple will take his leave first!

Li Yifu went downstairs to prepare lunch, while Xia ruofei and the other two walked into the luxurious suite on the top floor.

Xia ruofei collapsed on the sofa and let out a comfortable sigh. She smiled and said,Its really like staying at home for a thousand days, but going out for a thousand days is difficult! Home is more comfortable than anywhere else!

Under the joint management of Xia ruofei, Li Yifu, and the rest, Peach Blossom Island was now full of life. Whether it was Xia ruofei, Song Wei, Ling Qingxue, Li Yifu, or the rest, they had long regarded this place as their home.

Song Wei also felt the same and nodded,This is really the most comfortable place to stay! Moreover, the cultivation environment here is so good. I just want to cultivate properly now, and I dont want to go anywhere!

The three of them sighed and went to their respective rooms to take a bath. When they went down to the underground palace, their bodies were stained with a lot of mud. Although they had changed their clothes on the way back to Peach Blossom Island, after staying in the underground palace for so long, they still felt that there was a rotten smell on their bodies. The three of them couldnt wait to take a good bath.

The suite was luxuriously decorated. Several rooms were equipped with their own large bathrooms, and even had a Jacuzzi. So, Song Wei and Ling Qingxue both chose to take a bath at the same time. They filled the bathtub with hot water and took a comfortable bath.

Xia ruofei took a shower directly, and it was natural for men to shower much faster. Hence, when he changed into fresh clothes and returned to the living room, there was still no movement in the room of his two female friends.

Xia ruofei walked to the huge balcony that was connected to the living room. He lit a cigarette and breathed in the air that was rich in spiritual energy. He looked at the blue sea and suddenly felt relaxed and happy.

After the three of them had taken a bath and changed their clothes, Xia ruofei brought Ling Qingxue and Song Wei downstairs. Li Yifu had already prepared lunch, but he did not disturb Xia ruofei and the others. He just kept the food warm.Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

When he saw Xia ruofei and the other two, Li Yifu quickly walked up to them and greeted them respectfully,Martial granduncle! Grandmasters grandmother! Lunch is ready!

Thank you for your hard work! Xia ruofei said with a smile.

Yes! Senior granduncle! Li Yifu quickly replied respectfully.

As Xia ruofei walked down the stairs, he said to Song Wei and Ling

Qingxue,Weiwei, Qingxue, you two should stay here and cultivate. Im going to be in closed door cultivation for a long time, so well have to wait until I come out before we can cultivate together. In addition, if you have something to do and need to return to your country, let your foster husband arrange a plane for you. For the time being, this is the only way to overcome it!

No problem! Song Wei nodded. I dont have much to do at school, and I also want to break through to the Golden core stage as soon as possible, so I wont be back in the country for a while.

Yeah! Ling Qingxue also agreed. Just focus on your cultivation! Dont worry about us! Ive already handed over all the matters of my company and my dad wont look for me for anything. Like Weiwei, I plan to break through to the Golden core stage first!

Xia ruofei nodded and said,yes! Then lets work hard together!

While they were talking, Xia ruofei and the others had already arrived at the large suite on the top floor.

Senior granduncle, Li Yifu said,youve had a hard time on the way. Do you want to eat something first and rest before you go into seclusion?

Due to the time difference, it was noon on peach source Island, and it was indeed time for lunch.

Xia ruofei thought for a while and nodded.Alright! Then lets have lunch first and have a good rest. Well officially start our closed door cultivation tomorrow!

Alright! Li Yifu replied happily.. Then you and the two martial grandmothers can rest in the room first, this disciple will go prepare lunch!