Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 377: Powerful medicinal effect (3)

Lone Wolf’s soldiers had even received a month of flight training. Although they could not be compared to professional pilots, each of them had the ability to fly a helicopter in an emergency during combat.

But today, Xia ruofei suddenly realized that the combat power of the human body was beyond his imagination.

He had only just started practicing the second set of movements, but he already had such a strong body. If he were to master all nine sets of movements, to what extent would his body be trained?

Xia ruofei did not even dare to imagine it.

At that time, would he become a Superman who wore his underwear on the outside?

After Xia ruofei recovered from the shock, he immediately realized something. He immediately revealed a pained expression as he thought that he had personally broken a gold – threaded nanmu tree!

This was all money!

Not long ago, the meter – thick Phoebe zhennan material was sold for 10 million US dollars!

He had actually destroyed one with one punch ... Although this Phoebe zhennan wood was far from being a talent, as long as it was planted in the space, it would only be a matter of time before it grew to the extent of the original big material, and this time would not be too long.

Xia ruofei felt as if he could see stacks of green US dollars leaving him ...

With a bitter face, he bowed to the broken piece of Phoebe zhennan wood and muttered to himself,””I’m really sorry! I didn’t mean to let you encounter such an undeserved disaster ...”

Then, Xia ruofei cut off the branches of the Phoebe zhennan tree one by one. He then started to dig a hole and cut all of them.

Since he had already interrupted it, he naturally couldn’t waste it. He couldn’t lose all his money!

Since he had lost one of the 30 – centimeter – thick Phoebe zhennan, he would have to cut out ten or twenty of them. This way, he would lose some time and cost, but he could also harvest more precious wood. Xia ruofei finally felt a little better.

After feeling his insanely strong body, Xia ruofei finally decided to continue studying the book. He was also looking forward to the spirit nurturing soup mentioned at the end of the first page!

Xia ruofei flew back to the pool and picked up the booklet on the recliner. She flipped to the second page and focused her mind. She used her mind power to read the second page.

Slowly, the Golden stripes began to move.

Xia ruofei clearly felt that it was much more difficult to restore the contents of the second page compared to the first page. With the same use of spiritual power, the Golden stripes were moving at a slower speed. Xia ruofei even felt that his strength was not enough.

He couldn’t think too much at the moment, so he could only focus his energy and continuously output his mental power.

The Golden stripes unhurriedly began to break down and assemble, forming lines of text.

Xia ruofei was not in the mood to care about what was written. He was trying his best to support the output of his spiritual power. He knew that once the Golden characters were formed, they would not fade away, so he would have plenty of time to read them later.

The Golden characters took their time to form and arrange themselves.

Line after line, line after line.

Xia ruofei felt that his spiritual energy was almost exhausted. Finally, the last golden character was formed and the entire page emitted a faint golden light.

Xia ruofei stopped the transfer of spiritual power as if he had been relieved of a burden.

He even felt that he wouldn’t be able to hold on for a few more seconds. Fortunately, he managed to restore an entire page of content. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

As for the contents of the third page, Xia ruofei did not even think about trying to restore it. He realized that the larger the page number, the more mental strength he would need to restore it. He felt that restoring the first page was relatively easy, but he had already tried his best when he reached the second page. Naturally, he could not even think about the third page. He could only try it when his mental strength was stronger.

When Xia ruofei thought about strengthening his spiritual power, he immediately remembered that the soup was used to help with the cultivation of spiritual power.

Thus, he perked up and quickly picked up the booklet to read it carefully.

The joy on his face grew. He was amazed that the second page had the complete formula for brewing the gestation soup.

Just as he had expected, the “spirit heart fruit” mentioned on the last line of the first page was indeed a spirit fruit that grew on the spirit heart tree. Xia ruofei already had five of such spirit fruits.

Unlike the body tempering soup, which had two versions, the spirit nourishment soup only had one version. Moreover, the spirit heart fruit was an indispensable main medicine. As for the other medicinal herbs, they were common Chinese medicinal herbs like the body tempering soup. However, their prices should be more expensive than the medicinal herbs required for the body tempering soup.

Furthermore, there was one herb that could not be bought with money. However, it was not a problem for Xia ruofei because it was wild ginseng. Xia ruofei had planted many of them in the interspace. There were not many wild ginsengs needed to brew the pregnancy soup. Xia ruofei could just dig out one and it would last for a long time.

After reading the introduction of the spirit heart fruit, Xia ruofei broke out in a cold sweat.

It turned out that this spirit heart fruit really couldn’t be consumed directly because it contained a deadly poison. Only by mixing it with a few medicinal herbs in the prescription would the poison be neutralized. Otherwise, if one ate a small piece the size of a fingernail, one would immediately bleed to death from all seven orifices.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but feel a sense of fear. The spiritual fruit that was emitting an alluring fragrance was actually poisonous. Fortunately, he was more cautious and didn’t eat it rashly. Otherwise, the grass on his grave would be long gone.

No, if he died in this spirit map space, it was impossible for anyone to find him, so there wouldn’t even be a grave ...

Xia ruofei’s face turned pale. He decided that in the future, he would not try anything in this space without knowing the exact situation. Otherwise, he would die without even knowing how he died.

After he finished reading the formula for the pregnancy soup, Xia ruofei realized that the second page was not finished.

Hence, Xia ruofei continued to read with anticipation ...