Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3763 Â Rapid progress (2)

Â  Of course, Xia ruofei was also clear that the more generous the rewards, the more serious the situation the cultivation world was facing. Just like the mountain - like pile of purple essence crystals in the first storage ring that had been opened, Xia ruofei was not naive enough to think that purple essence crystals were worthless in the eyes of the senior Almighty experts. In fact, even during the peak of Earth's cultivation world, purple essence crystals were still a very strong hard currency.

Â  In order to prepare so many purple origin crystals, it would definitely consume a large amount of energy from a powerful senior at the primordial soul Stage or even the leaving aperture stage.

Â  Xia ruofei could feel that this was basically using up all the resources in the world of cultivation to cultivate the most outstanding person. As the first cultivator to pass the nine levels of the Tower of Trials, he was the chosen one.

Â  This gave him a lot of pressure.

Â  He had just broken through to the late - Stage of the Aurous core stage, and his weak shoulders could not bear such a heavy mission.

Â  He knew very well that the only thing he could do was to put aside all the mundane affairs and distracting thoughts and focus on cultivating and improving his cultivation base. Only when his strength reached a certain height would he have the possibility to control his fate. At that time, whether it was the entire cultivation world or him, he would have a certain possibility to change his fate.

Â  With this in mind, Xia ruofei decided to cultivate in seclusion for a long time and cultivate without caring about the consumption.

Â  The purple origin crystals were quickly consumed. Under the double array's support and the effect of the purple origin crystals, Xia ruofei's vital Qi and spiritual power cultivation were slowly increasing.

Â  On the third day of his closed - door cultivation, Xia ruofei was surprised to find that the second Dragon - shaped pattern on the surface of the purplish - Gold golden elixir in his dantian was glowing with a golden light.

Â  When he had broken through to the advanced stage of the Golden core, his purplish - Gold golden core had completely solidified. However, Xia ruofei still did not feel that he had broken through. After he continued to absorb more purple Yuan crystals, nine Dragon - shaped patterns appeared on the surface of his purplish - Gold golden core. When he continued to absorb the spiritual Qi from the purple Yuan crystals and completely lit up the first Dragon - shaped pattern, he had officially broken through to the advanced stage of the Golden core.

Â  And now, he had already begun to light up the second Dragon - shaped pill pattern, which showed that his cultivation had made a lot of progress.

Â  Xia ruofei had not slept for three days and three nights. Naturally, he had not eaten or drunk anything. Three days without sleep and food was naturally nothing for a cultivator in the late jiedan stage. However, continuous cultivation for three days and three nights was also a great burden on the spirit.

Â  Hence, Xia ruofei decided to stop and rest for a while.

Â  He got up and stretched his limbs, then went to take a shower. He also picked a few peaches from the spirit map space to eat. After resting for about an hour, he immediately sat down and continued to cultivate.

Â  Xia ruofei was basically in this state for the next few days.

Â  He didn't always practice the great Dao chant. Basically, he took turns to practice the great Dao chant and the mystic essence Scripture.

Â  Last time, after he had studied and discovered the fourth meridian circulation diagram of the "mysterious origin Scripture", this originally ordinary - looking cultivation method suddenly glowed with a new dazzling brilliance. The efficiency of cultivating the "mysterious origin Scripture" and cultivating the "great Dao Sutra" was basically the same.

Â  This was also the first time Xia ruofei had seen a technique that was as efficient as the great Dao technique. Naturally, he would not let go of such a good technique to cultivate.

Â  Moreover, when he was cultivating the mystic origin Scripture, he would often have some new comprehensions.

Â  This was far better than cultivating one cultivation technique alone. Cultivating two cultivation techniques in exchange could not only avoid boredom, but also corroborate and inspire each other in some aspects.

Â  This way of cultivation allowed Xia ruofei's cultivation to improve very quickly.

Â  Unknowingly, he had already been in closed - door cultivation for a month.

Â  At this time, the second Dragon - shaped pill pattern was also completely lit up.

Â  The two Dragon - shaped patterns emitted a dazzling golden light.

Â  Xia ruofei held the purple Yuan crystal in his hand and was also bathed in the rich spiritual Qi enhanced by the double array. The "great Dao Arts" was circulating at full speed. Large amounts of spiritual Qi were absorbed into his body and quickly transformed into vital Qi. It was then integrated into the Golden core that had already completely condensed and was emitting a purple - Gold light.

Â  Ordinary cultivators could not even imagine Xia ruofei's current cultivation speed.

Â  The purple origin crystals were being used up as if they were free. Xia ruofei did not feel any heartache at all. The purple origin crystals in the storage ring that he had obtained were piled up like a mountain. Even if he did not have an endless supply, at least before he broke through to the primordial soul Stage, he would not have to worry about having enough resources.

Â  Furthermore, once he broke through to the original level, he would be able to open a new storage ring. Xia ruofei was full of anticipation for that. He was also eager to know what kind of reward he had prepared for himself. Äiscover nğ’†w chaptğ’†rs ğ’n n0ğ’—e(l)biğ’(.)com

Â  Of course, Xia ruofei was also clear that the more generous the rewards, the more serious the situation the cultivation world was facing. Just like the mountain - like pile of purple essence crystals in the first storage ring that had been opened, Xia ruofei was not naive enough to think that purple essence crystals were worthless in the eyes of the senior Almighty experts. In fact, even during the peak of Earth's cultivation world, purple essence crystals were still a very strong hard currency.

Â  He knew very well that the only thing he could do was to put aside all the mundane affairs and distracting thoughts and focus on cultivating and improving his cultivation base. Only when his strength reached a certain height would he have the possibility to control his fate. At that time, whether it was the entire cultivation world or him, he would have a certain possibility to change his fate.

Â  Xia ruofei had not slept for three days and three nights. Naturally, he had not eaten or drunk anything. Three days without sleep and food was naturally nothing for a cultivator in the late jiedan stage. However, continuous cultivation for three days and three nights was also a great burden on the spirit.

Â  He got up and stretched his limbs, then went to take a shower. He also picked a few peaches from the spirit map space to eat. After resting for about an hour, he immediately sat down and continued to cultivate.

Â  Xia ruofei was basically in this state for the next few days. He got up and stretched his limbs, then went to take a shower. He also picked a few peaches from the spirit map space to eat. After resting for about an hour, he immediately sat down and continued to cultivate.

Â  Xia ruofei was basically in this state for the next few days.