Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3766 Â Careful counseling (1)

Â  Â  Tang Haoran had grown up very quickly in the past two years. Although he was not in junior high school, he was already 1.6 meters tall. He threw himself in front of Xia ruofei and hugged him very affectionately.

Â  Xia ruofei patted Tang Haoran's back happily and said with a smile,""I haven't seen you for almost a year, and Haoran has grown up into a big boy!"

Â  His spiritual power had already swept over and he could see Tang Haoran's current cultivation base at a glance.

Â  Xia ruofei was overjoyed. Tang Haoran had indeed broken through to the Golden core stage.

Â  When he first heard the news, Xia ruofei was a little worried. After all, there was no one around Tang Haoran to guide him all the time. He did not know how much Tang Haoran had cultivated. Xia ruofei was even worried that Tang Haoran had misjudged and had not broken through to the Golden elixir realm.

Â  Now, it seemed that his worries were unnecessary. Tang Haoran was already an Aurous core stage cultivator.

Â  If this news were to spread to the cultivation world, who knew how many cultivators who were suffering in the Qi refining stage would be envious.

Â  Of course, Xia ruofei could see clearly that Tang Haoran had just entered the Golden core stage. He was not even in the early stage of the Golden core stage. He had just broken through the bottleneck between the Qi refining stage and the Golden core stage.

Â  Moreover, Tang Haoran's cultivation base was somewhat unstable. It was obvious that he had not been able to consolidate his cultivation base in time.

Â  Xia ruofei was secretly glad that he had rushed over in time. If he had delayed any longer, Tang Haoran's Foundation would have been so weak, and he would have been in big trouble.

Â  Tang Yitian said from the side,"Haoran, you're already so old, why are you still sticking to master?" Quickly let go!"

Â  Xia ruofei laughed and said,"I'm fine!" He was fine! I can't be happier with this child and his master!"

Â  Jennifer said from the side,"Haoran wasn't even that close to his mother!" It's really sad ..."

Â  Tang Yitian laughed,"Haoran, hurry up and let go of your master." Even your mother is jealous!"

Â  Tang Haoran let go of Xia ruofei and ran over to Jennifer to hug her.""Of course I Love Mom and dad! He's also very close to you guys!"

Â  Jennifer suddenly smiled and hugged Tang Haoran.""Good child! Mommy loves you too!"

Â  Everyone chatted in the living room for a while. The dining room was ready, so they went to the dining room and had lunch together.

Â  Tang Haoran still had classes in the afternoon, so he didn't have much time in the afternoon. Hence, Xia ruofei didn't guide him in his cultivation. He only told him not to cultivate the Golden core cultivation technique for the next few days and to continue to cultivate the Qi refining cultivation technique to consolidate his cultivation.

Â  After the Butler sent Tang Haoran to school, Xia ruofei bade farewell to the Tang Yitian couple.

Â  "Big brother Tang, Jennifer, we'll take our leave first!" Xia ruofei said,"I'll come and pick up Haoran in three days!"

Â  "If you don't have anything to do, you can stay here for a few days!" "Haoran will be sad if he doesn't see you after school," Tang Yitian said.

Â  Xia ruofei laughed and said,"won't you see it in a few days?" Big brother Tang, I really have some things to deal with. I'll come to pick up Haoran on time in three days!"

Â  "Alright then!" Tang Yitian didn't force her. He smiled and said,"then you'll have to stay here for a few days in three days. Let's have a good gathering. We're in a hurry today, and you didn't give us any notice ..."

Â  "We'll see!" Xia ruofei smiled bitterly."I've been a little busy recently. I'll try my best to arrange it!"

Â  When Xia ruofei said 'busy', he was naturally busy with his cultivation. He did not want to waste any time at all.

Â  After bidding farewell to Tang Yitian today, Xia ruofei didn't want to waste any more time outside. He planned to fly back to the peach source Island. Three days of cultivation could improve his cultivation.

Â  "Alright! Your matter is more important, so it's fine if you can't arrange it!" Tang Yitian said straightforwardly.

Â  He personally sent Xia ruofei to the garden at the back of the manor. Tang Yitian already knew about the existence of the black Phoenix flying ship. Naturally, he also knew that Xia ruofei would definitely take the Flying Ship if she wanted to leave, so he sent them to the garden at the back.

Â  Xia ruofei and the other two boarded the flying boat and waved goodbye to Tang Yitian. Then, Xia ruofei controlled the flying boat to quickly ascend and leave Tang Yitian's Manor.

Â  He didn't even go to the nearby Paradise Farm in Hunter Valley. Instead, he flew directly in the direction of the sea and headed straight for Paradise Island.

Â  After an hour of flying, Xia ruofei and the other two returned to Paradise Island.

Â  For the next three days, Xia ruofei continued to focus on his cultivation.

Â  Because he was about to go to Sydney again, he didn't go into seclusion and just stayed in the suite on the top floor of the Yanhuang building to cultivate.

Â  With that, his schedule wasn't as tight as when he was in closed - door cultivation. He basically had a normal day's rest. In addition, he also took time out to practice the "absolute beginning Scripture" with Song Wei and Ling Qingxue, helping them to consolidate their early golden core cultivation.

Â  Three days passed by in a flash.

Â  Xia ruofei left Paradise Island again and headed straight for Sydney.

Â  This time, he was only going to pick up Tang Haoran and return. Therefore, he did not bring Song Wei and Ling Qingxue along. He went alone.

Â  After about an hour of flight, Xia ruofei's Black Phoenix flying boat landed in the back garden of Tang Yitian's Manor. Three days before they left, Tang Yitian had told Xia ruofei to go straight to the back garden and not to go to the main gate. Gáº¹tt the lğ’‚test ğ’ğ’vğ’†ls at ğ’.o/(v)/e/l/biğ’(.)coğ’

Â  Tang Yitian and Tang Haoran were already waiting there.

Â 