Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3769: Continue to cultivate in seclusion (2)

Translator: 549690339

Ling Qingxue then pushed Xia ruofei and Song Wei into the room.

Thats more like it Xia ruofei said with a proud smile.Dont push me, dont push me. Ill walk on my own! The group walked down the stairs and arrived at the top floor suite.

Grand uncle Master, Ive already arranged for young uncle Master Haorans residence. What do you think Li Yifu said.

Xia ruofei waved his hand and said,Haoran will stay at my place for the next two days. I want to guide him in his cultivation. He will stay with me in a few days. Adopted husband, you can go ahead with your work! Inform me when its time for lunch.

Yes! Senior granduncle! Li Yifu immediately said.

He was very envious of Tang Haoran. He was so happy that Xia ruofei had personally guided him in his cultivation for a few days.

After Li Yifu left, Xia ruofei told Song Wei and Ling Qingxue to go and cultivate. Then, he brought Tang Haoran to a room and continued to answer his questions and guide him in his cultivation.

After lunch, Xia ruofei did not continue with his tutoring. Instead, he let Tang Haoran cultivate according to his instructions. His goal was naturally to consolidate his cultivation.

Xia ruofei found a room for himself, placed the purple origin crystals on it and started cultivating.

Now, as long as he had free time, he would make the best use of it to cultivate. He could not bear to waste even a little bit of time.

For the next few days, Xia ruofei would tutor Tang Haoran in the morning and let him cultivate by himself in the afternoon and night.

Tang Haoran naturally carried out his Masters words to the letter. These days, he didnt try to improve his cultivation, but devoted himself to consolidating his Foundation. His talent was very good, and his previous Foundation was also very good, so in a few days, his Foundation was consolidated at a speed visible to the naked eye.

More importantly, he had accumulated a lot of questions in the past six months and Xia ruofei had answered all of them. The questions that he had not been sure about in the past were now cleared up like the clouds and the sun. His train of thought was suddenly cleared up and his cultivation was naturally smoother.

On the morning of the fourth day, Xia ruofei checked on Tang Haorans cultivation after he woke up. He nodded in satisfaction and smiled.

In four days, Tang Haorans unstable cultivation base had been completely resolved. This had also laid a solid foundation for his future cultivation.

Xia ruofei said with satisfaction,Haoran, some of your cultivation problems have been basically solved. From today on, you can cultivate the Golden core stage cultivation technique. However, you still have to follow the precautions 1 told you before. Take it one step at a time and dont rush for success.bender

OK, Haoran got it! Thank you, master! Tang Haoran said gratefully.

Silly child, Im your master. 1 naturally have the duty to answer your questions. Whats there to thank for? Xia ruofei chuckled and said,you can stay in the room that Ive arranged for you today. Just cultivate diligently every day. The environment here is especially suitable for cultivation. You only have a few days of vacation each year, so you must treasure this opportunity and cultivate diligently. You must not slack off!

Ill remember it, master!Tang Haoran nodded solemnly.

Xia ruofei patted Tang Haorans head and smiled.Go! Your foster husband has already arranged a room for you, you can just go to him directly!

MMH! Goodbye, master! Tang Haoran said.

Yes! Xia ruofei nodded.If you have any questions about cultivation, you can come up and ask me anytime!

I will! Tang Haoran said.

Then, he politely bade farewell to Song Wei and Ling Qingxue, before leaving the suite and heading downstairs to look for Li Yifu.

Haoran is becoming more and more sensible! Ling Qingxue chuckled.

Song Wei pursed her lips into a smile and said,this child bribed you by calling you Madam Ling! To praise him like that

Ling Qingxue pouted and said,so what if 1 am? Do you have any objections, Madam song?

Song Wei was thin skinned and immediately blushed. She lowered her head and said, Im going to kill you! You dont know how to choose your words!

Xia ruofei laughed and said,Madam, please dont compare yourself with each other. Its not easy for that third wheel to leave. We should get to know each other better.

Tang Haoran had been cultivating in the suite on the top floor for the past few days. Naturally, Xia ruofei could not be too close to his two close female friends. Otherwise, it would be a bad influence on the child. It should be known that cultivators had very good hearing. Walls and the like in this suite would not have any effect.

Of course, Xia ruofei could also set up a soundproof barrier, but he could not set up a barrier just to flirt with Song Wei and Ling Qingxue! That would be too inconvenient.

Song Wei and Ling Qingxue glared at Xia ruofei and said in unison,Go to the side!

Fine! It seems like Im asking for it Xia ruofei chuckled.! wanted to seize the time and cultivate with you two. Since youre not interested, 111 go cultivate by myself

Who said Im not interested! Ling Qingxue said immediately.

Weiwei, did you say that just now? she asked as she looked at Song Wei.

No! Song Wei replied innocently. Is there something wrong with someones ears?

Its probably Its probably caused by being in seclusion for too long. Ling Qingxue said.

Xia ruofei looked at the two of them echoing each other and smiled bitterly.Enough, you guys! If you continue to join hands to run me down, Im really going to go back and cultivate in seclusion!

Dont! Ling Qingxue quickly replied,we were just joking with you! Its not easy for little Haoran to go downstairs to live, so of course we have to seize the time to cultivate together! 111 go now! Wei Wei, cultivate with RUO Fei first, Ill protect you!

Ling Qingxue then pushed Xia ruofei and Song Wei into the room.

Thats more like it Xia ruofei said with a proud smile.Dont push me, dont push me. Ill walk on my own! Who said Im not interested! Ling Qingxue said immediately.

Weiwei, did you say that just now? she asked as she looked at Song Wei.

No! Song Wei replied innocently. Is there something wrong with someones ears?

Its probably Its probably caused by being in seclusion for too long. Ling Qingxue said.

Xia ruofei looked at the two of them echoing each other and smiled bitterly.Enough, you guys! If you continue to join hands to run me down, Im really going to go back and cultivate in seclusion!

Dont! Ling Qingxue quickly replied,we were just joking with you! Its not easy for little Haoran to go downstairs to live, so of course we have to seize the time to cultivate together! Ill go now! Wei Wei, cultivate with RUO Fei first, Ill protect you!Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Ling Qingxue then pushed Xia ruofei and Song Wei into the room.

Thats more like it Xia ruofei said with a proud smile.Dont push me, dont push me. 111 walk on my own! Who said Im not interested! Ling Qingxue said immediately.

Weiwei, did you say that just now? she asked as she looked at Song Wei.

No! Song Wei replied innocently. Is there something wrong with someones ears?

Its probably Its probably caused by being in seclusion for too long. Ling Qingxue said.

Xia ruofei looked at the two of them echoing each other and smiled bitterly.Enough, you guys! If you continue to join hands to run me down, Im really going to go back and cultivate in seclusion!

Dont! Ling Qingxue quickly replied,we were just joking with you! Its not easy for little Haoran to go downstairs to live, so of course we have to seize the time to cultivate together! 111 go now! Wei Wei, you cultivate with RUO Fei first, Ill protect you!

Ling Qingxue then pushed Xia ruofei and Song Wei into the room.

Thats more like it Xia ruofei said with a proud smile.Dont push me, dont push me. Ill walk on my own! Thats more like it Xia ruofei said with a proud smile.Dont push me, dont push me.. ill walk on my own!