Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3770 Â Balance between work and rest (1)

Â  Â  Xia ruofei did not continue to cultivate. He could feel that after such a long period of cultivation, his efficiency was getting lower and lower.

Â  It wasn't just because the difficulty of raising one's cultivation level was getting higher and higher, but also because of the long period of closed - door cultivation. The cultivation intensity was several times higher than usual. He had repeatedly warned Tang Haoran not to be too hasty, but he himself seemed to be a little too hasty.

Â  Xia ruofei stood up and looked around. The environment in the room did not change much. He would clean the room every once in a while and temporarily sealed the garbage that was produced in the spirit map space. Therefore, the room was still clean and fresh.

Â  He felt slightly emotional. This one and a half years should be the time when he cultivated the hardest ever since he embarked on the path of cultivation. Of course, it was also the stage where his cultivation improved the fastest.

Â  Although he was in the late jiedan stage before and after the closed - door training, and his realm did not seem to have improved, from the beginning of the late jiedan stage to the beginning of the breakthrough to the bottleneck of the Yuanying stage, it only took a total of about one and a half years. This speed would definitely make people speechless if it was spread out.

Â  In fact, from the beginning of the advanced stage of the Aurous core stage to the peak of the advanced stage of the Aurous core stage, although the improvement of the entire stage did not involve the breakthrough of the realm, the difficulty of cultivation was indeed higher than the sum of all the previous improvements of the realm. Checkk new ğ’ovel chğ’‚pters at novğ’†lbin(.)com

Â  Chen Nanfeng had spent decades at this stage before he could slowly reach the peak of the advanced stage of the Golden core realm. In comparison, Xia ruofei was dozens of times faster than him.

Â  Xia ruofei started to remove the formations one by one and then walked towards the door.

Â  With a click, Xia ruofei opened the door and walked out.

Â  The living room was right outside. Song Wei and Ling Qingxue were watching TV on the sofa. When they saw Xia ruofei's room door open, they were both stunned.

Â  Xia ruofei ended his closed - door cultivation without any warning.

Â  Xia ruofei did not continue to cultivate. He could feel that after such a long period of cultivation, his efficiency was getting lower and lower.

Â  It wasn't just because the difficulty of raising one's cultivation level was getting higher and higher, but also because of the long period of closed - door cultivation. The cultivation intensity was several times higher than usual. He had repeatedly warned Tang Haoran not to be too hasty, but he himself seemed to be a little too hasty.

Â  Therefore, even though the Last Dragon - shaped pattern was starting to glow with a golden light and he was about to reach the bottleneck between the Golden core stage and the original infant stage, Xia ruofei still decided to stop.

Â  The two closed - door training sessions had taken about a year and a half.

Â  It had already been more than half a year since he went into seclusion.

Â  He felt slightly emotional. This one and a half years should be the time when he cultivated the hardest ever since he embarked on the path of cultivation. Of course, it was also the stage where his cultivation improved the fastest.

Â  In fact, from the beginning of the advanced stage of the Aurous core stage to the peak of the advanced stage of the Aurous core stage, although the improvement of the entire stage did not involve the breakthrough of the realm, the difficulty of cultivation was indeed higher than the sum of all the previous improvements of the realm.

Â  Chen Nanfeng had spent decades at this stage before he could slowly reach the peak of the advanced stage of the Golden core realm. In comparison, Xia ruofei was dozens of times faster than him.

Â  The living room was right outside. Song Wei and Ling Qingxue were watching TV on the sofa. When they saw Xia ruofei's room door open, they were both stunned.

Â  Xia ruofei ended his closed - door cultivation without any warning. Xia ruofei did not continue to cultivate. He could feel that after such a long period of cultivation, his efficiency was getting lower and lower.

Â  It wasn't just because the difficulty of raising one's cultivation level was getting higher and higher, but also because of the long period of closed - door cultivation. The cultivation intensity was several times higher than usual. He had repeatedly warned Tang Haoran not to be too hasty, but he himself seemed to be a little too hasty.