Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 378: The spirit nurturing soup (1)

Xia ruofei’s appetite had been piqued by the body tempering soup and the spirit nourishment soup. Although the effects of the spirit nourishment soup had not been tested yet, the body tempering soup had given Xia ruofei a huge surprise.

Perhaps it could also be said that he was frightened. If he hadn’t practiced the strange posture demonstrated by the little golden man just now, he really might have exploded and died from the powerful medicinal properties.

Hence, Xia ruofei was looking forward to the next part of the second page.

However, when he took a closer look, he could not help but reveal a bitter smile.

The next page was still a prescription, but it was called “jaded skin ointment”. Xia ruofei didn’t know whether to laugh or cry.

The jadeskin ointment had only one effect, and that was to beautify one’s face. According to the prescription, this jadeskin ointment could not only make one’s skin softer, but it could also completely remove the toxins from the body from the surface to the inside. Long – term use could even have the effect of retaining one’s beauty.

Perhaps to the girls in the world, this was a precious prescription that couldn’t be bought with money. However, to Xia ruofei, it was of little value.

Ever since he had started absorbing the petals of the spirit Heart Flower and practiced the little golden man’s strange posture, a lot of impurities had been discharged from his body, and he had become even fairer and more tender. He was even more developing in the direction of a pretty boy.

Now that he had skin that even women would be jealous of, the jaded skin ointment was of no use to Xia ruofei.

Xia ruofei continued reading until the end of the second page. He found that there was nothing new after the formula of the jaded skin ointment was written down.

It seemed like he would not be able to gain anything today.

Xia ruofei thought for a while and drank a few mouthfuls of the spatial spirit pool water. The water had the same effect of recovering spiritual power, but it was not as effective as the petals of the spirit Heart Flower. Then, he continued to study the formula for the pregnancy soup.

He found that other than the wild ginseng, which was readily available and could be dug up at any time when needed, there were also six or seven common medicinal herbs that he had stored in the medium. However, there were still three medicinal herbs that he did not have here.

Although these three herbs were not rare, Xia ruofei had only bought some commonly used herbs and kept them in his storage space as backup. He could not have brought the entire Chinese medicine room here, so it was normal to be missing a few herbs. He was lucky that he had all the herbs needed for the body tempering soup.

There was no way to brew the spirit nourishment soup without the necessary herbs.

However, Xia ruofei was not in a hurry. He kept the booklet and entered the new space.

Xia ruofei returned to the stone room with ease.

He had just taken the booklet and did not have the time to explore the stone room.

Now that he was waiting to recover his spiritual power, Xia ruofei had the time to come back and explore the place.

The stone room was not big, less than 20 square meters. Xia ruofei carefully inspected every inch of the room. Soon, he had searched the entire room. Other than a small mechanism on the stone table, there was nothing special about the stone room.

Of course, there was no danger.

Xia ruofei was now almost certain that the owner of the stone room, or rather, the owner of the spirit map space, had no ill intentions towards him. Otherwise, with the strange methods that he had seen that were beyond the scientific explanation, even if he was a special Combat Elite, he would have died without a trace.

Xia ruofei finally came to the stone bed.

There was only a round cake – shaped object on the stone bed. It looked like a futon, but the material was neither like jade nor ordinary stone. It felt cool when he touched it.

Xia ruofei looked left and right, but could not find anything. He decided to sit on it and feel it.

So, he took off his shoes and jumped onto the stone bed. Then, he sat cross – legged on the futon.

As soon as he sat down, Xia ruofei felt a cooling sensation. It was not just the feeling of his buttocks touching the futon. His entire body felt refreshed, especially in his mind. It was as if a clear stream had flowed through it, and his thoughts became much clearer.

Then, Xia ruofei was surprised to find that his spiritual power was recovering at a much faster speed.

Previously, in order to restore the contents of the second page, his mental power was almost exhausted. After drinking a lot of space spirit pool water, his mental power began to recover slowly.

However, once Xia ruofei sat on the futon, the slow recovery speed more than doubled. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Good stuff! Xia ruofei couldn’t help but smile.

Since the futon had such an effect, Xia ruofei was not in a hurry to get down. With the help of the futon, the recovery speed of Xia ruofei’s spiritual power was not much different from using the petals of the spirit Heart Flower.

After a while, Xia ruofei felt that his spiritual energy had recovered.

He stood up from the futon and picked up the booklet again. Although he knew that the possibility was low, he still wanted to try to restore the contents of the third page.

The contents of the booklet were undoubtedly precious. If he could restore more of it, it would be very helpful to Xia ruofei.

He turned to the third page and held the booklet with both hands. Then, he concentrated his mind and continuously sent out his mental power to the page.

Xia ruofei suddenly felt a sense of heaviness and sluggishness. The Golden stripes on the page seemed to weigh thousands of catties and started to move very slowly under the influence of his spiritual power.