Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3772 Â A visit (1)

Â  Â  "Hello, little Xia!" Fang Liyun wiped the water off her hands on her apron and said warmly,"welcome to our house! Quickly come in and sit! I'll let Wei Wei accompany you to make tea and chat! Old song still has some work to do at work and will be back late. I still have things to do in the kitchen, you young people can chat!"

Â  Fang Liyun's enthusiasm towards Xia ruofei came from the bottom of her heart. Of course, it was not because she knew about the relationship between Xia ruofei and Song Wei. It was entirely out of gratitude towards Xia ruofei.

Â  Back then, not only did Xia ruofei cure the strange poison in Song Wei's body, but he also saved song Qiming when he was seriously injured and on the verge of death. Although song Qiming did not explain in detail, she knew that Xia ruofei had taught song Qiming some ways to maintain his health. Song Qiming's health had been getting better and better in the past few years. Some of his previous small problems had disappeared. The energetic song Qiming was naturally more comfortable in his work. It could be said that song Qiming's promotion this time was indirectly helped by Xia ruofei.

Â  Xia ruofei had saved her life twice. In addition, he had helped song Qiming in his career. It was enough for Fang Liyun to be grateful to Xia ruofei.

Â  Xia ruofei had not visited her for more than a year. Naturally, Fang Liyun was very enthusiastic to see him this time. ÃšpTodated ğ’ovğ’†ls on ğ’o(v)ğ’†l()bin(.)cğ’m

Â  Xia ruofei quickly said,"aunty Fang, I'll go help you!" I'm pretty good at cooking ..."

Â  "No need, no need!" Fang Liyun smiled and said,"I'm almost done. You're a guest, how can I let you cook?" Little Xia, just wait and eat, don't worry about anything else! Alright, I'm not going to talk to you anymore. The soup is still boiling in the kitchen! I have to go and keep an eye on it!"

Â  After that, Fang Liyun hurried to the kitchen. When she reached the kitchen door, she turned back and said,""Wei Wei! Take good care of little Xia! That ... There's good tea in the drawer on the right under the coffee table. Your dad usually doesn't drink it, so he's taking it out to make tea for Xiao Xia!"

Â  "Got it!" Song Wei said with a smile. Mom, you can go!"

Â  Fang Liyun then turned around and went into the kitchen. Xia ruofei and Song Wei looked at each other and smiled. They went to the living room and sat down at the coffee table.

Â  "Ruofei, try my dad's precious tea leaves!" Song Wei pursed her lips and smiled. It might not be as good as your Taoyuan Da Hong Pao, but it's still a very good tea!"

Â  "Alright!" Xia ruofei said,"I'll do it!"

Â  "I know you're good at making tea, so I won't fight with you!" Song Wei said with a smile.

Â  She found a box of tea leaves in the shape of a biscuit from the drawer under the coffee table. She handed it to Xia ruofei and said,""There's only one box of tea leaves in here, so it should be this!"

Â  Xia ruofei took it and opened the tea box. There was a tea cake in it, and it was just one size smaller than the tea box.

Â  He raised his eyebrows and said,"this is white tea!" Then we can't just drink it in the pot, white tea has to be boiled!"

Â  "I don't understand. I'll leave it to you!" Song Wei said with a smile.

Â  "Alright! Then I'll do it!" Xia ruofei nodded.

Â  He opened the wrapping paper of the tea cake, broke off a small piece of tea, and put it in a transparent kettle on the coffee table. He smiled and said,""Uncle song, you're also an expert! It's specially used to make tea!"

Â  Xia ruofei pressed the switch and the water in the pure water bucket was immediately sucked up and into the teapot.

Â  Xia ruofei sniffed and said,""The water is also very particular. This is not ordinary pure water. If I'm not wrong, it should be mountain spring water! It's the most suitable for making tea!"