Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3774 Â Passing on Dao and teaching (2)

Â  "I had no choice!" Song Qiming said with a bitter smile. This position is related to the basic necessities of tens of millions of people. There's too much work to do in all aspects of such a large province ..."

Â  "I understand! I understand!" Xia ruofei laughed and said,"uncle song, your Foundation is still very good. It's not a big problem for your cultivation speed to be a little slow now! Experiencing the world of mortals is also very beneficial to a cultivator's Dao heart. With you in such a position, the effect will naturally be better!"

Â  "That's the only way I can think of it!" Song Qiming laughed bitterly."By the way, I heard from Weiwei that you've been in closed - door cultivation for more than a year?"

Â  "Almost! I've only gone into closed - door cultivation twice. " Xia ruofei smiled and said,"there was a gap of more than a month."

Â  Song Qiming looked envious and said,""If only I had as much time as you to cultivate! RUO Fei, your current cultivation ..."

Â  "He's still in the late - Stage of the Aurous core stage!" Xia ruofei did not hide anything."After the Golden core stage, it's even harder to break through. However, the effects of my closed - door cultivation this time are still very obvious!"

Â  After dinner, the sky gradually darkened. Song Qiming smiled and said,""RUO Fei, let's go! Go to my study room and make some tea! We haven't seen each other for a long time. Don't be in a hurry to leave today, let's have a good chat!"

Â  Naturally, song Qiming had some questions about cultivation that he wanted to ask. However, it was not convenient for him to ask in front of Fang Liyun. Xia ruofei smiled and nodded."Alright! Uncle song, I was worried that I'd disturb your work!"

Â  "Even the Secretary needs to get off work and rest!" Song Qiming chuckled and said,"let's go! Let's go to the study!"

Â  Song Wei stayed behind to help Fang Liyun clean up the dishes. Xia ruofei followed song Qiming to the study on the second floor.

Â  After entering the house, Xia ruofei casually set up a soundproof barrier and smiled.""Uncle song, it seems that you have been very busy recently. Your cultivation progress is slower than I expected!"

Â  Before they ate, Xia ruofei had already scanned song Qiming with his spiritual power the moment he entered the room. Song Qiming did not even notice it, but Xia ruofei had already seen his cultivation level.Finndd the newğ’†st ğ’ovels on n/ğ’/velbin(.)com