Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3775 Â Origin (1)

Â  Xia ruofei hid in the dark and watched with great interest. With his current cultivation level, if he wanted to hide, even if Chen Nanfeng came personally, he might not be able to find him. It was naturally easier to hide from the detection of two Qi refining cultivators.

Â  The cultivator hiding behind the tree at the foot of the wall was obviously aware of the approaching danger. He had already held his breath and his body was motionless, shrinking as much as possible in the shadow.

Â  However, Xia ruofei shook his head secretly. He had already predicted the outcome. This cultivator could not be hidden.

Â  On the one hand, he was badly injured. His chest was stained with a lot of blood, and it looked like he had been poisoned, so his blood had an unpleasant smell. Although the blood was almost dry, and ordinary people might not be able to smell the smell, it was obviously not easy to hide from the pursuing cultivator.

Â  On the other hand, although the fleeing cultivator was holding his breath, his breath was even more chaotic, probably because he was nervous. Under the investigation of the cultivator's mental power, this chaotic breath was undisguisable.

Â  Xia ruofei didn't know why this pathetic cultivator chose to hide here instead of running away. After all, he was quite far away from the cultivator who was chasing him.

Â  However, there were only a few possible reasons. For example, he was exhausted and couldn't run at all. Or the poison in his body acted up, so he didn't dare to run for long.

Â  From the looks of it, the situation was extremely disadvantageous to the cultivator who had escaped. If he had not managed to hide in Xia ruofei's courtyard, he would have been dead. Finndd the newğ’†st ğ’ovels on n/ğ’/velbin(.)com

Â  Xia ruofei was not in a hurry to show himself. Instead, he quietly observed in the dark.

Â  In the battle of the cultivation world, there had never been an absolute right or wrong standard. It was more about strength. Even though this cultivator had been poisoned, Xia ruofei would not simply judge him as an evil cultivator just because he had used poison.

Â  Xia ruofei had collected a large amount of poisonous lake water during his exploration in the underground palace a year and a half ago. This poison could cause the body of anyone who came into contact with it to explode and die. In terms of its degree of toxicity, it was much more severe than the poison that the escapeed cultivator had been poisoned with.

Â  Methods always served the target, especially in the special ecosystem of the cultivation world. Xia ruofei would not simply use methods to determine right and wrong.

Â  After a while, Xia ruofei saw that the cultivator had slowed down.

Â  He knew that the little fellow must have discovered something.

Â  As expected, the cultivator switched his horsetail whisk to his right hand and was on full alert. He walked towards Xia ruofei's Villa with a cold gaze.

Â  "Shang Daoyuan, stop hiding!" The Daoist said sarcastically,"I can smell your scent from miles away! It's better for you to come out on your own!"

Â  Xia ruofei hid in the dark and watched with great interest. With his current cultivation level, if he wanted to hide, even if Chen Nanfeng came personally, he might not be able to find him. It was naturally easier to hide from the detection of two Qi refining cultivators.

Â  After a while, Xia ruofei saw that the cultivator had slowed down.