Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chaoter 3777  One drink, one Peck_1

    At that time, Xia ruofei was still in the Qi refining stage. In order to upgrade the spirit map space, he had specially bought a yacht to go out to sea and try his luck.

  In the end, they encountered a storm at sea and almost died in the fish's stomach.

  It was also at that time that he discovered an Island hidden in the fog, the roaming Jade Immortal Island.

  Xia ruofei had gained a lot on green travel Immortal Island. The green travel immortal sword was the flying sword that he used the most.

  Of course, the biggest gain on green Immortal Island was the inheritance of the immortal Island owner, bi youzi, which was the mansion - guarding wooden token. As long as he completely refined the mansion - guarding wooden token, he could sense the location of green Immortal Island and take the entire green Immortal Island into his body.

  Of course, the process of refining the mansion - guarding wooden token was a long one. For the past few years, Xia ruofei had been using his spiritual power to refine the wooden token at all times. However, this kind of painstaking work could not be rushed, especially when his cultivation was still low at that time. The speed of refining was surprisingly slow.

  Speaking of which, it seemed that he was not far from completely refining the residence - guarding wooden token.

  At that time, he could go and collect green travel Immortal Island first. There were still the inheritance and treasures left behind by senior bi youzi!

  Xia ruofei's thoughts drifted away.

  Not far away, Yu qingzi didn't get a response and respectfully called out,""I am Yu qingzi, a cultivator of the Jade void temple. May I ask which senior saved me? please show yourself. I will never forget your life - saving grace!"

  Xia ruofei finally came back to his senses. He didn't expect to meet a disciple of the Jade void temple under such circumstances.

  The master of the green Immortal Island, senior bi youzi, was from the Jade void temple.

  Back then, bi youzi had left behind an image. Before the image disappeared, he had instructed the junior who had received the inheritance to take care of the Jade void temple disciples if they met them.

  After Xia ruofei traveled the cultivation world, he had never met any cultivators from Yuxu temple. There were countless Daoist temples in the secular world called Yuxu temple. He couldn't specifically look for bi youzi's disciples and Grand - Disciples, so he didn't have the chance to take care of the cultivators from Yuxu temple and repay bi youzi's kindness.

  And today, under such circumstances, he had inadvertently met a disciple of the Jade void temple. One had to admit that fate was really a wonderful thing.

  At that time, Xia ruofei was still in the Qi refining stage. In order to upgrade the spirit map space, he had specially bought a yacht to go out to sea and try his luck.

  In the end, they encountered a storm at sea and almost died in the fish's stomach. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

  The master of the green Immortal Island, senior bi youzi, was from the Jade void temple.

  Back then, bi youzi had left behind an image. Before the image disappeared, he had instructed the junior who had received the inheritance to take care of the Jade void temple disciples if they met them in the future.

  After Xia ruofei traveled the cultivation world, he had never met any cultivators from Yuxu temple. There were countless Daoist temples in the secular world called Yuxu temple. He couldn't specifically look for bi youzi's disciples and Grand - Disciples, so he didn't have the chance to take care of the cultivators from Yuxu temple and repay bi youzi's kindness.

  And today, under such circumstances, he had inadvertently met a disciple of the Jade void temple. One had to admit that fate was really a wonderful thing. At that time, Xia ruofei was still in the Qi refining stage. In order to upgrade the spirit map space, he had specially bought a yacht to go out to sea and try his luck.

  In the end, they encountered a storm at sea and almost died in the fish's stomach.

  Of course, the process of refining the mansion - guarding wooden token was a long one. For the past few years, Xia ruofei had been using his spiritual power to refine the wooden token at all times. However, this kind of painstaking work could not be rushed, especially when his cultivation was still low at that time. The speed of refining was surprisingly slow.