Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3779 Mansion - guarding wooden tablet (1)

The most precious cultivation resource Yu qingzi had ever seen was spirit crystals, and they weren't his own at all. He had seen them taken out by a Jindan stage senior from a distance. magic

Even if Yu qingzi was blind, he could sense that these three spiritual crystals were definitely a hundred times more precious than spirit crystals.

He didn't even know that they were called origin crystals. He only knew that they must be of a much higher grade than spirit crystals.

That senior had given him such a priceless treasure? And he even gave her three?

Yu Qing Zi subconsciously waved his hand and said,"Senior, this gift is too precious. This junior does not dare to accept it. Please take back your order!"

Xia ruofei said indifferently,"didn't your elders teach you that you can't refuse a gift from an elder?" Since you call me senior, and I have a relationship with your Grandmaster bi youzi, as your senior, I'll give you a small meeting gift, and you're actually rejecting it? Is this the etiquette of your Jade void temple?"

Xia ruofei's words were a little heavy, causing Yu qingzi to break out in cold sweat.

Who didn't want good things? The key point was that the origin crystal was really too precious, making Yu qingzi feel that it was a hot potato, so he subconsciously refused.

Now that Xia ruofei had already said this, how could he still refuse?VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

"Senior, it's this Junior's fault!" Yu Qing Zi quickly said. Then senior's generous gift ... This junior will shamelessly accept it. Many thanks, senior!"

Yu qingzi was currently overjoyed. He realized that this was the biggest opportunity he had ever had since he stepped onto the path of cultivation.

He didn't expect that after so many years of diligent cultivation, the progress of his cultivation had been very slow. Now that he was middle - aged, such a great opportunity had inadvertently fallen on his head. This was really luck that even the city walls could not stop it!

Xia ruofei did not show himself. He was in the dark, watching Yu qingzi's overjoyed expression and couldn't help but sigh. It seemed that the continuous deterioration of the cultivation environment was not something that any sect in the entire cultivation world could escape from. Senior bi youzi's Jade void temple had also declined. Otherwise, how could a few crystals make Yu qingzi so ecstatic?

He was also very clear that Yu qingzi's attention was all on those three origin crystals.

Of course, three crystals were indeed a generous gift. Xia ruofei had investigated Yu qingzi's situation and found that these three crystals were basically enough to satisfy the yuan Qi He needed to cultivate to the Golden core stage. Unless he had a hole in his brain and brought these crystals back to offer the sect or exchange them for other treasures, he would definitely be able to break through to the Golden core stage after a few years.

However, there was a prerequisite for all these assumptions, and that was related to the spiritual herb with dark green leaves.

In reality, three origin crystals added together were not as valuable as this spiritual herb.

Because Yu qingzi's horizons were limited, he had eyes but couldn't recognize gold embedded in Jade. He had almost ignored the truly precious spiritual herbs.

Since Xia ruofei had given Yu qingzi this opportunity, he naturally wouldn't just give it away without any reason.

He said indifferently,"Yu qingzi, the three origin crystals in front of you all contain extremely dense spiritual energy. With them, you can cultivate at any time and place. Moreover, these three origin crystals should be enough to support your cultivation to the Golden core stage."

Only now did Yu Qing Zi know that these precious crystals were the legendary origin crystals. Moreover, the senior had personally said that he could rely on these three origin crystals to cultivate to the Golden core stage. Naturally, he was surprised and happy. He quickly and respectfully bowed and said,"Many thanks, senior! Junior is unable to repay senior's great kindness, but in the future, if senior needs help, junior will not hesitate to go through water and tread on fire!"

The most precious cultivation resource Yu qingzi had ever seen was spirit crystals, and they weren't his own at all. He had seen them taken out by a Jindan stage senior from a distance.

Yu qingzi was currently overjoyed. He realized that this was the biggest opportunity he had ever had since he stepped onto the path of cultivation.bender

He didn't expect that after so many years of diligent cultivation, the progress of his cultivation had always been very slow. Now that he was middle - aged, such a great opportunity had inadvertently fallen on his head. This was really luck that couldn't be stopped!