Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3781 Exploring the immortal Island (1)

"Ruofei, well done!" Ling Qingxue walked over and stood outside the villa's fence, grinning as she spoke.

Even though Ling Qingxue could not find Xia ruofei's hiding spot, she knew that Xia ruofei must be right beside her. magic

Xia ruofei used his spiritual power to scan the area and clearly sensed that Yu qingzi did not stay in the vicinity. Instead, he left the villa district.

He walked out from the shadows and said,""It's so late, why aren't you sleeping? why are you running around?"

Ling Qingxue stuck out her tongue and said,""I was going to sleep! But there's so much noise outside, it's hard not to hear!"

Xia ruofei saw that Ling Qingxue was wearing a cute cotton pajamas with cartoon characters. Her hair was not completely dry. He knew that she must have just taken a shower and was about to go to bed.

"Your vigilance is not bad, worthy of praise!" Xia ruofei smiled as he spoke to Ling Qingxue through the fence.

"That's right! No matter what, I'm already a Jindan stage cultivator, okay?" Ling Qingxue giggled and said,"can you not always treat me like a weak woman who needs your protection?"

"Yes, yes, yes! Our Qingxue is already a heroine! If I didn't stop you today, you would have rushed out!" Xia ruofei said with a smile.

"Of course!" Ling Qingxue snorted and said,"that Shang Daoyuan is the scum of the cultivation world. I can't even vent my anger on him even if I cut him into eight pieces!"Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Then, Ling Qingxue smiled and said,""But he ended up in such a miserable state. At least he can give an explanation to the innocent victims! Ruofei, you've done well in this matter!"

"This is the second time you've complimented me tonight!" Xia ruofei said with a smile.

Ling Qingxue showed a rare serious expression and said,""I'm saying this from the bottom of my heart! RUO Fei, tonight's incident also made me realize for the first time the meaning of becoming a cultivator and constantly improving my cultivation. If I was an ordinary person, I wouldn't be able to do anything other than express my anger. However, I'm a golden core stage cultivator. If you didn't stop me today, I could have killed Shang Daoyuan on behalf of Tian xingdao!"

"Although my understanding isn't deep enough, and it's a little one - sided, what I said isn't wrong." Xia ruofei smiled and said,"no matter when, it's always right to have enough strength. However, most of the time, the greater the strength, the greater the responsibility. "

Xia ruofei was thinking about the crisis that the cultivation world on earth might face.

"Of course I know!" Ling Qingxue said,"the more powerful you are, the more responsibilities you have to bear. But no matter what, it's better than not having any ability to protect yourself and being at the mercy of others! Those girls were tortured to death by Shang Daoyuan because they couldn't resist, right?"

"That makes sense!" Xia ruofei laughed and said,"I say ... It's such a long night. Are you going to chat with me through the fence? Why don't you come in for a drink and do something more interesting?"

"Ruofei, well done!" Ling Qingxue walked over and stood outside the villa's fence, grinning as she spoke.

Even though Ling Qingxue could not find Xia ruofei's hiding spot, she knew that Xia ruofei must be right beside her.bender

"Although my understanding isn't deep enough, and it's a little one - sided, what I said isn't wrong." Xia ruofei smiled and said,"no matter when, it's always right to have enough strength. However, most of the time, the greater the strength, the greater the responsibility. "