Chapter 3785Â  Collecting the immortal abode (1)

Â  Â  The three mountains was a coastal city, so it only took a minute or two for the black Phoenix flying ship to reach the ocean from the jiangbin villa district.

Â  Xia ruofei and the other two were standing on the deck, enjoying the morning sea scenery.

Â  "RUO Fei, there shouldn't be any danger in this trip to collect the green touring immortal mansion, right?" Ling Qingxue smiled and said,"I realized that every time I go on an adventure with you, we always encounter this and that. It's impossible to guard against!"

Â  Xia ruofei chuckled,"why don't you say that the harvest is beyond your imagination?" Wealth is found in danger!"

Â  "That's true, but this time you've refined the mansion - guarding wooden token, which means that the green Immortal Island is already under your control. There should be no more accidents!" Ling Qingxue said with a smile.

Â  "Don't say that ..." Xia ruofei laughed bitterly."As the saying goes, good things don't work, bad things do. Your poisonous milk might bring us trouble!"

Â  Ling Qingxue and Song Wei couldn't help but giggle.

Â  Xia ruofei looked at the endless sea below the flying boat and said,""You don't say, I'm actually not very sure if I can successfully obtain the green touring immortal mansion this time."

Â  "What's the situation?" Song Wei asked.

Â  "There are no unexpected situations for now." Xia ruofei said,"it's the location of green Immortal Island. It's much further than I thought ..."

Â  "No matter how far it is, as long as we're on earth, distance is not a problem for the black Phoenix flying ship." Ling Qingxue said with a smile.

Â  Song Wei observed for a while and asked curiously,""Ruofei, we don't seem to be flying all the way to the deep ocean in the East! Where are we going?"

Â  Xia ruofei shrugged and said,"I'm flying in the direction of green touring immortal abode. However, according to the mansion - guarding wooden tablet, it should be very far away and to our North. I'm just considering that the green immortal mansion must be floating on the sea! Therefore, we should fly above the ocean first, then head North - East. "

Â  "It seems like today's voyage will be longer!" Song Wei smiled and said,"then let's go into the cabin and rest for a while!"

Â  The three mountains was a coastal city, so it only took a minute or two for the black Phoenix flying ship to reach the ocean from the jiangbin villa district.

Â  Xia ruofei and the other two were standing on the deck, enjoying the morning sea scenery.F0lloww new ğ’„hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com