Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3790 Â The tip of the iceberg (2)

Â  Even if a leader called out to everyone, it was very likely that there would be some people who were unwilling to contribute and continue to stay in the cultivation world on earth.

Â  However, this was the North Pole, which could be said to be the bitterly cold region. Besides, Xia ruofei had personally experienced the environment here. Not only was the natural environment very harsh, but it was also quite unfriendly to cultivators. The degree of violence of the spiritual energy here was even more serious than what he had felt in some of the famous mountains and rivers in Huaxia.

Â  In other words, this place was not suitable for cultivation at all. Even at midnight and dawn, the spiritual energy might not be enough to meet the requirements for cultivation.

Â  In such an extremely harsh environment, why did this expert still stay here?

Â  Many thoughts flashed through Xia ruofei's mind in an instant. He pondered for a while and then raised his voice."Is senior's immortal's cave nearby? I wonder if you can show yourself!"

Â  "Impudent!" Before the loud voice could reply, the mid - Stage golden core cultivator who had almost died under Xia ruofei's flying sword said with a dark expression,"you're just a small China rogue cultivator. What right do you have to meet the venerable one?"

Â  The loud voice laughed and said,""Yuan Jian, this little friend's cultivation is much stronger than yours, and he's quite related to this old man. If you want to meet him, he's still qualified ..." Geett the lğ’‚test ğ’ğ’vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Â  The intermediate stage golden core cultivator called Yuan Jian was stunned.

Â  It was true that he couldn't detect Xia ruofei's cultivation level, but it was beyond his expectations that guru Yunxiao would say that this young man's cultivation level was higher than his. Of course, the cultivation world was so big, and there were naturally all kinds of cultivators. It could not be ruled out that some people did not have such awareness and did not care about the survival of the cultivation world at all.

Â  Even if a leader called out to everyone, it was very likely that there would be some people who were unwilling to contribute and continue to stay in the cultivation world on earth.