Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 380: Spirit nurturing soup (3)

Hence, Xia ruofei laughed and patted ye Lingyun’s shoulder.”Old master Li has high expectations of you, so he’s being so strict. Don’t feel pressured and just try your best to study.”

“Alright, brother Xia ...” Ye Lingyun said,”I’ll continue practicing then ...”

Xia ruofei nodded, picked up the Knight XV SUV, and drove away from the farm.

On this trip to the city, Xia ruofei was prepared to buy another batch of Chinese medicinal herbs, especially the ones needed to make the body tempering soup and the spirit nourishment soup. He wanted to buy more.

In any case, it would not go bad no matter how long it was stored in the space.

After Xia ruofei returned to the city, she went straight to the largest Tongren Tang pharmacy.

Looking at Xia ruofei’s long list and the huge amount on it, the manager of Tongren Hall immediately came out to welcome Xia ruofei, a big customer.

Xia ruofei needed a lot of medicinal herbs. Tongren Hall had to go to the warehouse to transfer the stock, so he had to wait in the store for a while.

He was sitting in the lounge area of the store and playing with his mobile phone out of boredom when an idea suddenly came to his mind. He called the manager of Tongren Hall over and added seven or eight medicinal herbs at the last minute, which also required a large amount.

These seven or eight ingredients were all needed to make the jaded skin ointment. Xia ruofei considered that even though he did not need them, it would be good to make some and give them to Ling Qingxue.

He also had some female friends, including female elders, such as Tian Huilan and Wu Liqian. This jaded skin cream should be a good gift for them.

What made Xia ruofei speechless was that the herbs required for the jaded skin cream were much more expensive than the herbs required for the body tempering soup and the spirit nourishing soup.

He originally only needed to spend more than 60000 Yuan this time, but because of the addition of these seven or eight medicinal herbs, the bill suddenly became more than 100000 Yuan.

No wonder they say women’s money is easy to earn ... Xia ruofei thought to himself.

Xia ruofei’s spending alone was several days more than the sales of Tongren Hall. The manager was overjoyed and quickly ordered someone to change the tea for Xia ruofei. Then, he personally took Xia ruofei’s new list and went to the warehouse to distribute the goods.

After waiting for about ten minutes, the goods were ready at Tongren Hall. After Xia ruofei paid with his card, the manager called a few shop assistants to help with carrying the medicinal herbs.

This time, Xia ruofei bought a few large fiber bags of medicinal herbs. Fortunately, the Knight XV had a large interior space. The trunk and the back row were filled with fiber bags of medicinal herbs. Finally, they were all filled.

After leaving Tongren Hall, Xia ruofei drove back to the farm.

When they arrived at the sparsely populated suburbs, Xia ruofei immediately stored all the medicinal herbs in the car into the space. Now, he did not need to take out the spirit map scroll to store items. Moreover, the Knight XV’s Windows were all one – way, so even if cars passed by occasionally, they would not be able to see anything.

It was almost evening when he returned to the farm. Xia ruofei was not in a hurry to return to his room. He decided to walk around the farm and the construction site. After Cao tieshu and the rest had returned home from work, Xia ruofei returned to the villa and had dinner with li Zhifu and ye Lingyun. Then, he went upstairs to his room.

After entering the room, Xia ruofei locked the door and windows as usual, then took out the spirit map scroll and entered the medium. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

In the original space, Xia ruofei placed the newly bought herbs in different categories.

Then, he found the medicinal herbs needed to make the Yingling soup according to the prescription and took the preservation box with the spiritual heart fruit.

According to the Golden page’s records, the spirit Heart Flower could not come into direct contact with the human body. Otherwise, it would be absorbed directly. However, the spirit heart fruit did not have such a characteristic.

Moreover, although the spirit heart fruit was highly toxic, it would not cause any problems if it came into direct contact with the skin. Only by consuming it would one be poisoned.

Hence, after Xia ruofei opened the container, he reached out and took out a spiritual heart fruit.

As expected, when Xia ruofei held the spirit heart fruit in his hand, it did not get absorbed by his body like the spirit Heart Flower.

According to the prescription, he only needed to cut a small piece of the spirit heart fruit to make a portion of the pregnancy soup.

Xia ruofei didn’t hesitate. He took out the military dagger that he always carried with him and cut a piece of the spirit heart fruit. He put it into the clay pot and put the rest of the spirit heart fruit back into the preservation box.

The next step was to brew the medicine.

Just like the body tempering soup, the brewing process of the pregnancy soup was also complicated. Xia ruofei did not dare to be creative at this time. He followed the prescription meticulously and strictly followed each step.

Half an hour later, Xia ruofei received a bowl of herbal soup with the fragrance of the spirit heart fruit.

The color and fragrance were exactly the same as the formula described.

The pregnancy soup was done, but Xia ruofei hesitated when he looked at the bowl of medicine.

If the Golden page’s records did not lie to him, the spiritual heart fruit was poisonous!

Could the medicinal soup made from this highly toxic spirit fruit really be drinkable?

Although the prescription said that the toxicity of the spirit heart fruit had been neutralized by several medicines, Xia ruofei was still a little afraid. This was a life – threatening matter!

However, since it had already been brewed, there was no reason to throw it away, right?

Moreover, up until now, what was recorded in the booklet was very reliable. Although the previous body tempering soup was fierce, the strengthening effect on the body could be said to be immediate.

Since the soup was ready, there shouldn’t be any problems with its fragrance and color! Xia ruofei encouraged himself in his heart.

Xia ruofei frowned as he carefully recalled every step of brewing the soup. After confirming that there were no problems, he gritted his teeth, picked up the bowl, and drank it in big mouthfuls ...