Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Â 

Â  "Let's go! I'll take you on a tour of the island first!" Xia ruofei said with a smile.

Â  He took out the blue travel immortal sword and lightly jumped on the flying sword. Song Wei and Ling Qingxue also took out their own flying swords. Their movements were a little awkward, but they still stood firmly on their flying swords.

Â  The blue travel immortal sword seemed to be able to sense that he was near the immortal abode, so Xia ruofei could vaguely feel the jubilant mood from the immortal sword.

Â  The immortal sword had a spirit. Although the blue travel immortal sword had not completely produced a device spirit, it probably already had a chaotic and ignorant prototype of a device spirit and had some simple emotions.

Â  Naturally, Xia ruofei was very happy when he discovered this. This meant that the blue travel immortal sword's grade was very high and that it still had room for growth in the future. If it really produced an Artifact Spirit like the one in the seven Star Pavilion, the grade of this flying sword would increase greatly, and its power would naturally be greater.

Â  The three of them rode on their flying swords and flew in the direction of green travel Immortal Island at an altitude of more than ten meters from the ground. Geett the lğ’‚test ğ’ğ’vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Â  Even though Xia ruofei had slowed down the speed of his sword Kinesis flight to take care of Song Wei and Ling Qingxue, the distance of a hundred meters was covered in a flash.

Â  They landed their flying swords on a beach and jumped to the ground.

Â  This looked very strange. There was not a single drop of seawater around the beach. It was covered in a thick layer of ice, and there was a clear boundary between the beach and the ice.

Â  Xia ruofei stepped on the fine sand and looked around. He couldn't help but smile.

Â  It was really a coincidence. He recognized at a glance that this was the beach he had stepped on when he had encountered a storm at sea and accidentally entered the green Immortal Island.

Â  The scene from that time was still vivid in his mind, and the beach seemed to have not changed since he left.

Â  Time seemed to have stopped here.

Â  "Let's go! I'll take you on a tour of the island first!" Xia ruofei said with a smile.

Â  They landed their flying swords on a beach and jumped to the ground.

Â  This looked very strange. There was not a single drop of seawater around the beach. It was covered in a thick layer of ice, and there was a clear dividing line between the beach and the ice.

Â  Xia ruofei stepped on the fine sand and looked around. He couldn't help but smile.

Â  The scene from that time was still vivid in his mind, and the beach seemed to have not changed since he left.