Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3798 Â A new idea for the placement of the immortal Island Part 2

Â  Just as Xia ruofei was about to control the black Phoenix flying ship to leave the North Pole and Return to Paradise Island, the ground in the distance seemed to shake.

Â  Xia ruofei's expression turned serious. He could feel a terrifying aura coming from the direction of the earthquake.

Â  This aura made Xia ruofei shiver for some reason. He was sure that it was not the aura of the Guru Yunxiao.

Â  Although guru Yunxiao had a majestic aura, his aura was still very gentle. This might be because he did not have any hostility towards Xia ruofei.

Â  However, the aura just now was filled with violence and killing intent.

Â  Although it was only a trace of aura, Xia ruofei felt as if thousands of ferocious beasts were charging at him.

Â  Xia ruofei immediately adjusted the black Phoenix flying ship's defense to the highest level. A thick protective barrier was erected around the Flying Ship.

Â  This way, the speed at which the crystals on the control panel of the Flying Ship were being consumed was naturally greatly increased.

Â  However, Xia ruofei did not care about the cost.

Â  Even if it was just a trace of his aura, Xia ruofei knew that he was no match for him. Xia ruofei kept the green Immortal Island, which had shrunk to the size of a palm, in his arms. The place where the green Immortal Island had once occupied had now become a huge hole.

Â  It could be seen that the ice near the North Pole was quite thick, and looking into the cave gave him a feeling of peeking into a deep abyss.

Â  Especially the deep sea water, which gave people an inexplicable fear.

Â  Xia ruofei, Song Wei, and Ling Qingxue were standing a little outside the original boundary of the green Immortal Island. They were now at the edge of the huge hole.

Â  The North Pole had been dark for the past six months, but the White snow and ice reflected the moonlight, so visibility was still good. It was just that being in the dark all the time, one would also feel more depressed.

Â  Xia ruofei had already taken green travel Immortal Island and naturally would not stay here any longer.

Â  He took out the black Phoenix flying ship and threw it up. The Flying Ship grew in size with the wind and soon became a huge ship, floating one or two meters above the ice surface.

Â  Xia ruofei and his two female friends jumped onto the deck of the airboat.

Â  Just as Xia ruofei was about to control the black Phoenix flying ship to leave the North Pole and Return to Paradise Island, the ground in the distance seemed to shake.

Â  This way, the speed at which the crystals on the control panel of the Flying Ship were being consumed was naturally greatly increased. Geett the lğ’‚test ğ’ğ’vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Â  However, Xia ruofei did not care about the consumption.

Â  Even if it was just a trace of his aura, Xia ruofei knew that he was no match for him. Xia ruofei kept the palm - sized green Immortal Island in his arms. The place where green Immortal Island used to be had become a huge hole.

Â  It could be seen that the ice near the North Pole was quite thick, and looking into the cave gave him a feeling of peeking into a deep abyss.

Â  However, Xia ruofei did not care about the cost.

Â  Even if it was just a trace of his aura, Xia ruofei knew that he was no match for him.

Â  Xia ruofei kept the green Immortal Island, which had shrunk to the size of a palm, in his arms. The place where the green Immortal Island had once occupied had now become a huge hole.

Â  It could be seen that the ice near the North Pole was quite thick, and looking into the cave gave him a feeling of peeking into a deep abyss.

Â  Xia ruofei, Song Wei, and Ling Qingxue were standing a little outside the original boundary of the green Immortal Island. They were now at the edge of the huge hole.