Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 381: The opening of the winery (1)

After drinking the soup that was still at a high temperature, Xia ruofei did not feel that it was hot. Instead, he felt a cool sensation rising from his stomach. He felt very comfortable.

At that moment, Xia ruofei was completely at ease.

If this was really a bowl of highly toxic medicine, it would definitely not give off such a cool and refreshing feeling.

Next, Xia ruofei felt as if he was bathing in a clear spring. It was similar to the feeling when he sat on the futon earlier. A cool and refreshing aura flowed through his body and quickly gathered in his brain.

Xia ruofei felt that his thoughts were especially clear and his perception of his surroundings had become much sharper. The cool air was constantly produced from his abdomen, then circulated around his body and gathered in his brain. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

Xia ruofei knew that it was the effect of the pregnancy soup.

He sat cross – legged on the ground and felt it carefully. He didn’t know how long it had been, but the last trace of cool air had all gathered in his brain. He knew that the medicinal properties of the pregnancy soup had been completely absorbed by him.

Hence, Xia ruofei stood up and closed his eyes to feel it.

Xia ruofei did not have a direct judgment on the condition of his spiritual power, but he had his own way of doing it.

Now, Xia ruofei knew that the so – called spiritual power was the spiritual connection between him and the space as he controlled objects to enter and exit the space.

Hence, Xia ruofei felt it for a while and realized that the connection between him and the spirit map space had strengthened significantly. Correspondingly, his control of the entire spirit map space had naturally become more responsive.

Xia ruofei even came to the new space to experiment with the Hornet.

The result was just as he had expected. At noon, he could only control about 150 Hornets, but after taking the gestation soup, he could easily control nearly 200 Hornets in less than half a day.

It seemed that the degree of control over the Hornet also depended on his spiritual power.

In the end, Xia ruofei did a more direct experiment. He went to the stone room and took out the small book. Then, he tried to restore the contents of the third page.

At the beginning, Xia ruofei immediately felt the obvious difference.

Previously, when he used his mental energy on the page, the movement, decomposition, and combination of the Golden stripes were clearly slowed down. This time, the situation was much better.

Although it was still not as easy as restoring the first and second pages, it had indeed improved a lot.

In the end, when Xia ruofei felt that his spiritual energy could not hold on any longer, he withdrew it in time.

This time, about a quarter of the content had been restored. The last time, only a few words had appeared. After consuming the soup, Xia ruofei’s spiritual power had improved greatly.

Although a quarter of the content had disappeared after Xia ruofei withdrew his spiritual power, he was not depressed at all. He happily placed the booklet back on the stone platform and then jumped onto the stone bed to sit on the futon to recover his spiritual power.

Now that he had already verified the effects of the pregnancy soup, would he be far from completely restoring the third page?

If the prescription did not state that the soup could only be consumed once every seven days, Xia ruofei would have made another one and drank it.

It was completely different from the pain of drinking the body tempering soup. After drinking the spirit nourishing soup, one’s entire person would be in a state of being on cloud nine, as if the entire soul was bathed in a gentle spiritual light. This feeling was even addictive.

Xia ruofei felt that those who took drugs probably felt the same way.

However, the soup could only be consumed once every seven days. As the saying goes, haste makes waste. Xia ruofei naturally did not want to go back and check on the information so far. The contents of the booklet were all correct and Xia ruofei did not want to court death.

The body tempering soup could be taken once every five days, and Xia ruofei had already drunk it once.

Therefore, for the time being, he had no interest in brewing these two kinds of medicinal soups.

‘However, I can try making jaded skin ointment,’ Xia ruofei thought.

He returned to the original space and skillfully picked out the herbs needed to make the jaded skin ointment according to the prescription and put them into the claypot.

The process of making the jaded skin ointment was also very complicated. It had strict time, temperature, and procedures.

Xia ruofei followed the steps described in the prescription meticulously. He then mixed the herbs in the clay pot with the spiritual pond water and started a fire to boil them.

Then, he added the other herbs step by step according to the prescription.

After adding water three times, only a small amount of water was left in the claypot. Xia ruofei turned off the fire and poured the medicinal soup into a porcelain bowl.

He threw away the dregs in the claypot and poured the medicinal soup in the bowl back into the claypot. Then, he turned on the fire and warmed the medicinal Tonga while adding the last two medicinal herbs that had long been ground into powder.

As the fire slowly boiled, Xia ruofei continued to stir. The remaining water was slowly evaporating. When a thin layer of brown mushy substance was left at the bottom of the pot, Xia ruofei turned off the fire.

A fresh fragrance filled the air. Xia ruofei nodded in satisfaction. He took a small, clean preservation box, scraped off all the ointment from the claypot, and put it in the storage box.