Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Â  Xia ruofei chuckled."Ruofei, this is an immortal's cave abode. It's called green Immortal Island. I obtained it by chance when I was in the Qi refinement realm. However, I haven't been able to completely refine the control core of the cave abode. I only managed to do so recently, so I took some time to collect this immortal abode."

Â  Li Yifu couldn't help but widen his eyes and ask,""Martial granduncle, this is an immortal cave? But ..."

Â  "But isn't it too small?" Ling Qingxue did not wait for Xia ruofei to speak and interrupted Li Yifu's words. She said with a smile,"this is actually a spatial treasure. Its size can be changed. Even in our current form, we can still enter the immortal Island! I'll show you!"

Â  With that, Ling Qingxue immediately used the talisman that Xia ruofei had given her and entered the green Immortal Island.

Â  Ling Qingxue was like a child who had just gotten her favorite toy. She could not help but show it off when she saw someone. Xia ruofei could not help but smile bitterly when he saw Ling Qingxue's childish look.

Â  However, he didn't try to stop Ling Qingxue. After all, this was the most direct method. Follow the latest novels ğ’ğ’ nğ’/velbin(.)com

Â  Ling Qingxue didn't stay on green Immortal Island for too long and quickly returned to the outside world. Li Yifu, on the other hand, was still in a state of shock and had yet to recover from the shock.

Â  "Foster husband," Xia ruofei said with a smile,"from now on, green Immortal Island will be on the balcony. If you want to visit, you have plenty of time!"

Â  Li Yifu came back to his senses and quickly said,""Congratulations to martial granduncle for obtaining this celestial cave abode!"

Â  Xia ruofei had already briefly explained the functions of the cloud piercing shuttle to Song Wei and Ling Qingxue when they were in green Immortal Island.

Â  Thus, after returning to the balcony outside, Ling Qingxue was also a little impatient. She said,""RUO Fei, quickly take a look at how to use this cloud piercing shuttle. In the future, we'll also have a flying magic treasure to use!"

Â  Xia ruofei laughed and said,"don't be anxious. Call my adopted husband over first. Then, I'll tell the story together." Anyway, in the future, whoever among you needs it can take it!"

Â  "MMH! Then quickly call him over!" Ling Qingxue nodded.

Â  Xia ruofei was too lazy to make a phone call. He used his spiritual power to scan the room and found Li Yifu. He realized that Li Yifu was not cultivating, so he sent him a telepathic message and asked him to come to the suite on the top floor.

Â  Li Yifu naturally did not dare to disobey the Grand uncle-master's order. He arrived at the door of the suite where Xia ruofei and the others were staying at as fast as he could. He took a short breath and knocked on the door. He said respectfully,""Martial granduncle, this disciple has arrived!"

Â  Xia ruofei and the other two were still standing on the balcony. Xia ruofei waved his hand and the door of the suite opened automatically.

Â  He chuckled and said,"adopted husband, come this way!" We're on the balcony!"

Â  "Yes! Senior granduncle!" Li Yifu said respectfully.

Â  He walked through the spacious living room and arrived at the terrace. He was immediately stunned by the green Immortal Island that occupied more than half of the terrace.

Â  This immortal Island looked like a miniature model, but it was very lifelike. Every blade of grass, every tree, and every Pavilion on it was quite exquisite. There was also a faint fluctuation of an array. It was obvious that this was not an ordinary miniature model.

Â  Li Yifu was very curious, but since Xia ruofei did not say anything, he naturally would not ask.

Â  Therefore, he was only stunned for a moment before he looked away from green travel Immortal Island. He bowed respectfully to Xia ruofei and said,""Martial granduncle, do you have any instructions for me?"

Â  Xia ruofei chuckled."Ruofei, this is an immortal's cave abode. It's called green Immortal Island. I obtained it by chance when I was in the Qi refinement realm. However, I haven't been able to completely refine the control core of the cave abode. I only managed to do so recently, so I took some time to collect this immortal abode."

Â  "But isn't it too small?" Ling Qingxue did not wait for Xia ruofei to speak and interrupted Li Yifu's words. She said with a smile,"this is actually a spatial treasure. Its size can be changed. Even in our current form, we can still enter the immortal Island! I'll show you!"

Â  With that, Ling Qingxue immediately used the talisman that Xia ruofei had given her and entered the green Immortal Island. With that, Ling Qingxue immediately used the talisman that Xia ruofei had given her and entered the green Immortal Island.