Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3808 Â The target is at the original infant stage (2)

Â  This kind of formation could not be opened by brute force. Even if it could be broken by force, the cultivation level required was higher than directly opening the formation. It would require at least the cultivation of the advanced stage of the nascent soul or even the immortal soul Stage. Upstodatee from n(0)/vğ’†/lbIn/.(co/m

Â  This was also the first time Xia ruofei had encountered such a strange formation. The principle was not complicated, but the method to break the formation was there. If one's cultivation was not high enough, they could only watch helplessly.

Â  "Daoist Cang Xu, have you found a way to break it?" Xuan Chen Zi saw that Xia ruofei did not speak for a long time and could not help but ask curiously.

Â  After all, this 'Taoist master Cang Xu' had a much higher cultivation level than them. Although they could sense that Xia ruofei's cultivation level was definitely not at the nascent Soul Stage, Xuan Zan couldn't help but have a glimmer of hope. Perhaps this mysterious 'Taoist master Cang Xu' had a way to break the protective barrier of the jade box?

Â  Of course, he had already decided to give the jade box to Xia ruofei. Hence, he was only curious about the contents of the jade box. After all, this item had been passed down in their sect for a thousand years. He did not know if the previous nascent Soul Stage sect leader had opened the jade box. Anyway, there had not been any nascent Soul Stage cultivator in the Jade void temple for hundreds of years and no one had been able to open the jade box. Naturally, he was very curious about what was inside the jade box.

Â  Xia ruofei smiled bitterly."Daoist xuanlin, you think too highly of me. No one in your sect has been able to crack it for hundreds of years. How can I come up with a solution in just a few minutes?"

Â  Originally, Xia ruofei did not want it, but after hearing the words of Xuan Hezi and Xuan qingzi, he became interested.

Â  "Daoist brother xuanlin, if that's the case, let me take a look at it first!" He said.

Â  Xuan Hezi had already decided to give this to Xia ruofei, so he gave it to him without hesitation.

Â  Xia ruofei took it and placed it on the ground carefully. Then, he used his spiritual power to examine it.

Â  A surprised expression immediately appeared on his face.

Â  Originally, Xia ruofei thought that the jade box should be protected by an array. The reason why the people of the Jade void temple could not open it was because their array skills were not good enough. They could only break the array by force. The sect leader with the highest cultivation among them, Xuan Hezi, was only in the early stage of the Aurous core stage. His cultivation was not enough to break the array, which led to the current situation.

Â  However, the results of the spiritual power were beyond Xia ruofei's expectations.

Â  There was indeed a formation on the jade box. The formation was not complicated and Xia ruofei had only spent a few minutes to analyze the principle of the entire formation.

Â  However, there was only one way to break this formation.

Â  That was to inject Yuan Qi that was pure enough.

Â  According to Xia ruofei's analysis, the purity of one's vital Qi had to reach a high level to trigger the array to open the barrier.

Â  According to the average cultivator's vital Qi level, Xia ruofei estimated that he would need to be at least in the middle stage of the original level to meet the requirements to activate the array.

Â  Even if Xia ruofei had the purplish - Gold golden core and his elemental energy was much denser than that of an ordinary Aurous core stage cultivator, he would still need to be at least in the beginner stage of the nascent Soul Stage to meet the requirements.

Â  This was because from the Jindan stage to the Yuanying stage, it was a process of quantitative change to qualitative change. At the Yuanying stage, the Jindan began to transform and the vital Qi also began to liquify.

Â  Only the liquefied vital Qi had the purity that met the requirements to activate the formation.

Â  Otherwise, no matter how dense the vital Qi was, it would be useless.

Â  This kind of formation could not be opened by brute force. Even if it could be broken by force, the cultivation level required was higher than directly opening the formation. It would require at least the cultivation of the advanced stage of the nascent soul or even the immortal soul Stage.