Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3815 Â Hard work pays off (1)

Â  Â  In order to merge these purplish - Gold golden core fragments together, Xia ruofei had used up three nascent formation pills.

Â  If it was used on an ordinary cultivator, it would be enough to create three original infant stage cultivators.

Â  However, Xia ruofei was also helpless. As long as the effect of the nascent condensation pill was almost used up, his progress in fusing with the purplish - Gold golden core fragment would become extremely slow. He had no choice but to take another pill.

Â  Fortunately, after using up the three nascent formation pills, all the purple - Gold golden core fragments had been fused together again.

Â  Of course, after the fusion, it would no longer be in the form of a golden core, but a mass of irregular - shaped objects, but it contained quite a terrible energy.

Â  The next step was to condense this irregular object into a nascent soul.

Â  This process tested the cultivator's understanding of the laws of heaven and earth. At the same time, it also had a high demand on one's psyche.

Â  Fortunately, Xia ruofei did not have any problems in these two aspects. His comprehension of the laws and the realm of his spiritual power were far beyond that of ordinary late - Stage golden core cultivators.

Â  Under the influence of Xia ruofei's will, the fused purplish - Gold golden core fragment began to change its form slowly and evolved in the direction of the nascent soul.

Â  Xia ruofei soon realized that the process of condensation was also very slow.

Â  The problem wasn't that his understanding of the rules of heaven and earth was insufficient, nor was it a problem with his mental power realm. It was completely because after these purple - Gold golden core fragments were fused again, their strength and toughness far exceeded that of ordinary golden core fragment fused bodies.

Â  Xia ruofei could not help but smile bitterly.

Â  Although he was very distressed about the consumption of the nascent formation pill, after some effort, he finally took out the fourth nascent formation pill and swallowed it.

Â  As expected, when the medicinal properties of the nascent formation pill entered his dantian, Xia ruofei's speed of forming the nascent soul increased by a large margin.

Â  His comprehension of the laws of heaven and earth was already far superior to cultivators of the same level. Now that he had the help of the nascent soul pill, the resistance had suddenly decreased a lot, so the process of forming a nascent soul naturally became much easier.

Â  Under the control of Xia ruofei's mind, the purplish - Gold golden elixir kept changing its shape and slowly took the shape of a human body.

Â  In fact, the process of condensing a nascent soul did not require a cultivator to control it very carefully. Basically, as long as the comprehension of the laws of heaven and earth satisfied the conditions, the nascent soul could be condensed in the end. However, there were differences between the nascent souls. Some cultivators condensed a nascent soul that was only a prototype, and even its eyebrows and eyes were only somewhat similar to the cultivator himself. The nascent soul formed by some cultivators could perfectly replicate the image of the cultivator himself, and even shape the meridians in the body.

Â  Different yuanyings naturally had different power, and the corresponding upper limit of their future development was also very different.

Â  As time passed, the purple - Gold golden core fragment in Xia ruofei's dantian had basically become a miniature version of Xia ruofei. However, he did not stop. He continued to refine his nascent soul while the medicinal properties of the nascent condensation pill had not completely disappeared.

Â  When the medicinal effect of the nascent condensation pill was completely exhausted, Xia ruofei finally heaved a long sigh of relief. The nascent soul in his dantian was basically a miniature version of Xia ruofei, except that it had no hair. The two were almost exactly the same. Even the nascent soul had the same meridians as Xia ruofei. It could also absorb primordial Qi and circulate it in the meridians.

Â  However, an even smaller version of the nascent soul wouldn't appear in the dantian of the nascent soul. It would just be an empty dantian, but it could still store primordial Qi and liquefied elemental essence.

Â  Xia ruofei had read a lot of books on cultivation and had a good eye for things. He knew that the nascent soul he had formed this time was definitely of the highest quality.

Â  Of course, the purplish - Gold golden core was above the grade of the Golden core. The nascent soul condensed after the purplish - Gold golden core was broken could not be too bad.

Â  Xia ruofei was quite satisfied with himself.

Â  However, his expression soon froze slightly, revealing a trace of doubt.

Â  After forming his nascent soul, Xia ruofei didn't feel like he had been reborn after breaking through to the next realm.

Â  Although he could sense that the power he controlled had been greatly improved, the extent of the increase did not meet his expectations, and this was definitely not the feeling of breaking through a large tier.

Â  He couldn't help but feel a little lost because he was already very certain that the process of forming a nascent soul had been completed. Moreover, the nascent soul he had formed was close to perfection. Even if there were extremely tiny flaws, they were not something that could be changed with his current strength. It could be said that he had already done everything he could. Diiscover new ğ’”tories at nğ’ve/lbin(.)c/oğ’

Â  But why couldn't he feel that he had broken through?

Â  Xia ruofei continued to operate the nascent Soul Stage cultivation technique of the great Dao scroll while looking at his dantian, hoping to find the reason.

Â  After forming a nascent soul, the cultivator would still cultivate vital Qi, but this vital Qi would directly enter the nascent soul to continue the circulatory Cycle Revolution, and then directly condense into liquid.

Â  When the nascent soul's dantian was full of liquefied elemental essence, the cultivator could continue to cultivate. The liquefied elemental essence condensed by the nascent soul would then return to the cultivator's own dantian.