Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3816 Â Hard work pays off (2)

Â  In fact, during the process of breaking through, the yuan Qi in the cultivator's body was all compressed into liquid. When the Golden core was broken, the liquid was stored in the dantian. Therefore, the dantian of a nascent soul cultivator was like an ocean of liquid, and the nascent soul was actually floating in this ocean of liquid.

Â  After successfully forming his nascent soul, Xia ruofei's cultivation efficiency had obviously increased by another level. At the same time, the consumption of purple origin crystals had also increased greatly.

Â  A huge amount of spiritual energy was swallowed into the body by a whale, and it swam through the meridians like thunder. After a large circulation, it produced a wisp of primordial Qi and injected it into the nascent soul. Finally, it would condense into a drop of primordial liquid, which was first stored in the dantian of the nascent soul.

Â  Xia ruofei continued to absorb the purple origin crystals and the rich spiritual Qi from the outside world. He produced an endless amount of Origin Energy and filled his dantian in no time.

Â  However, Xia ruofei still could not figure out what the problem was.

Â  The current cultivation mode was clearly the cultivation mode of a nascent Soul Stage cultivator, but why couldn't he feel that he had broken through? Upstodatee from n(0)/vğ’†/lbIn/.(co/m

Â  He could only continue to absorb spirit Qi and cultivate. Drops of liquefied elemental essence began to be stored in his dantian.

Â  At this moment, Xia ruofei suddenly realized the problem. According to the records in the cultivation manual, the cultivation of a nascent Soul Stage cultivator was mainly to strengthen the nascent soul and finally break through to the primordial soul Stage. In fact, the nascent soul was strengthened to the extreme and finally transformed into the primordial soul. The nascent soul naturally wouldn't grow stronger on its own. This process actually required the absorption of the liquid. Therefore, the nascent soul of a nascent soul cultivator would absorb the liquid in the cultivator's dantian. However, the nascent soul that he condensed didn't move at all. The liquid in the dantian increased, but the nascent soul remained motionless.

Â  Could it be that I've formed a fake nascent soul? Xia ruofei couldn't help but have such a thought.

Â  However, he quickly denied this idea because he had completely followed the method of breaking through to the Yuanying stage in the cultivation method, and also condensed a top - grade Yuanying. There couldn't be any problems in the process, otherwise it would be impossible to condense a Yuanying successfully.

Â  Then why? Were there any steps that had not been completed?

Â  Xia ruofei was deep in thought and did not stop cultivating. Yuan Qi was produced continuously and condensed into liquid. It seeped out of the nascent soul and directly stored in the dantian, fusing into the sea of liquid.

Â  Before he could find the problem, Xia ruofei could only continue to cultivate.

Â  Although he was a little confused, he did not panic. He still believed that there was no problem with his breakthrough process.

Â  Just like that, Xia ruofei cultivated for another half an hour. Just as he was at his wit's end, a few golden lights suddenly flashed in the sea of elemental liquid in his dantian.

Â  Xia ruofei had been looking at his dantian, hoping to find the problem. Naturally, he noticed this unusual situation immediately.

Â  The streaks of golden light shot out of the sea of liquefied elemental essence, heading straight for the nascent soul.

Â  Xia ruofei was shocked. Could it be that there was something strange in his dantian that could assassinate a nascent soul cultivator? Wasn't this a little too absurd?

Â  However, he quickly calmed himself down because he immediately recognized those golden lights. Weren't they the Dragon - shaped elixir patterns on the surface of the purplish - Gold golden core?

Â  After successfully forming his nascent soul, Xia ruofei's cultivation efficiency had obviously increased by another level. At the same time, the consumption of purple origin crystals had also increased greatly.

Â  The streaks of golden light shot out of the sea of liquefied elemental essence, heading straight for the nascent soul.

Â  Xia ruofei was shocked. Could there be something in his dantian that could kill a nascent soul cultivator? Wasn't this a little too absurd?

Â  However, he quickly calmed himself down because he immediately recognized those golden lights. Weren't they the Dragon - shaped elixir patterns on the surface of the purplish - Gold golden core?

Â  At this moment, Xia ruofei suddenly realized the problem. According to the records in the cultivation manual, the cultivation of a nascent Soul Stage cultivator was mainly to strengthen the nascent soul and finally break through to the primordial soul Stage. In fact, the nascent soul was strengthened to the extreme and finally transformed into the primordial soul. The nascent soul naturally wouldn't grow stronger on its own. This process actually required the absorption of the liquid. Therefore, the nascent soul of a nascent soul cultivator would absorb the liquid in the cultivator's dantian. However, the nascent soul that he condensed didn't move at all. The liquid in the dantian increased, but the nascent soul remained motionless.