Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3818 Â The second ring (2)

Â  And this didn't even include the situation of encountering a bottleneck. If one was stuck at a bottleneck for a period of time at a certain stage, the consumption would be even more astonishing.

Â  Xia ruofei didn't think too much about it. It was a good thing to break through to the original level. Besides, he had enough cultivation resources for the time being. At least for now, he didn't need to worry about cultivation resources.

Â  Therefore, he quickly returned to the Jade futon and sat down with his legs crossed. He first drank a few sips of the spirit pool water to replenish his mental power, and then began to cultivate again.

Â  After all, he had just made a breakthrough, and he still needed to consolidate his cultivation.

Â  Especially the nine Dragon - shaped patterns, which had barely been integrated into the nascent soul's body. Xia ruofei could feel that this connection was very fragile and clearly needed some time to consolidate.

Â  It was also possible for the nascent soul to absorb a few more mouthfuls of liquefied elemental essence, allowing it to further consolidate its cultivation.

Â  Xia ruofei replenished the purple Yuan crystals around him and started to circulate his cultivation technique.

Â  This time, he was cultivating the "Mystic origin Scripture". Of course, he had also changed to the "Mystic origin Scripture" nascent Soul Stage cultivation technique.

Â  Xia ruofei slowly opened his eyes and carefully felt the majestic energy in his body. Then, he stood up and walked to the window, looking into the distance.

Â  This was what it felt like to break through!

Â  Xia ruofei felt as if he had ascended. The world seemed to have more layers to it. The trees were still the same, and the sea was still the same, but there was a sense of color and clarity.

Â  In fact, every breakthrough was a transition in the level of life. It was the process of accumulation of quantitative changes to finally achieve a qualitative change.

Â  Therefore, after breaking through a major realm, cultivators would feel as if they had been reborn.

Â  This included Xia ruofei's current immortal - like feeling. It was actually an illusion brought about by the sudden leap in life level.

Â  He also carefully felt the situation in his dantian.

Â  Just now, his nascent soul had sucked away quite a bit of liquefied elemental essence, causing the level of the liquefied elemental essence sea in his dantian to drop slightly.

Â  In addition, the liquefied elemental essence absorbed by the nascent soul was completely used to strengthen itself. It wasn't like the liquefied elemental essence that was condensed after absorbing elemental energy, which would then be sent back to the dantian.

Â  Xia ruofei felt that if he wanted to cultivate that much liquefied elemental essence, he would need at least a few hours of cultivation.

Â  A few hours of hard work was only enough for a nascent soul to take a breath.

Â  Did I have a big appetite? Xia ruofei could not help but smile bitterly.

Â  He didn't know if the other Yuanying stage cultivators were in the same situation, but he felt that it was probably not so exaggerated. Otherwise, who could afford such a large consumption? One must know that even during the golden age of the cultivation world, resources like purple origin crystals were very precious.

Â  If Xia ruofei wanted to cultivate the mouthful of liquefied elemental essence that had been absorbed by the nascent soul, he would probably have to use up an entire purple crystal. Now that he had broken through to the nascent Soul Stage, his cultivation consumption had naturally increased greatly. One purple crystal was only equivalent to two to three hours of his cultivation.

Â  And this was only one mouthful. Xia ruofei didn't know how much liquid essence a nascent soul needed to absorb to complete its evolution.

Â  Therefore, if one wanted to cultivate to the primordial soul realm, the consumption would be an astronomical figure.

Â  And this didn't even include the situation of encountering a bottleneck. If one was stuck at a bottleneck for a period of time at a certain stage, the consumption would be even more astonishing.

Â  This time, he was cultivating the "Mystic origin Scripture". Of course, he had also changed to the "Mystic origin Scripture" nascent Soul Stage cultivation technique. Especially the nine Dragon - shaped patterns, which had barely been integrated into the nascent soul's body. Xia ruofei could feel that this connection was very fragile and clearly needed some time to consolidate. Upstodatee from n(0)/vğ’†/lbIn/.(co/m

Â  Xia ruofei replenished the purple Yuan crystals around him and started to circulate his cultivation technique.

Â  It was also possible for the nascent soul to absorb a few more mouthfuls of liquefied elemental essence, allowing it to further consolidate its cultivation.

Â  Xia ruofei replenished the purple Yuan crystals around him and started to circulate his cultivation technique.

Â  This time, he was cultivating the "Mystic origin Scripture". Of course, he had also changed to the "Mystic origin Scripture" nascent Soul Stage cultivation technique.