Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3819 Â Spare no effort_1

Â  Â  Xia ruofei had received three storage rings as a reward.

Â  Xia ruofei could open the first storage ring immediately. There was a large amount of purple origin crystals, a bottle of nascent condensation pills, and a golden armor.

Â  Xia ruofei did not know that the real reward was actually the purple Yuan crystal. The nascent formation pill was won for him by Daoist master mountain river, and the gilded soft armor was his own collection.

Â  As for the second and third storage ring, Xia ruofei could not open them.

Â  According to the information he had obtained at the top of the trial Pagoda, these three storage rings could be opened by cultivators in the Aurous core stage, nascent Soul Stage, and immortal soul Stage respectively.

Â  The first storage ring had already been opened, and it had also brought him great help in his cultivation. If it wasn't for the massive amount of purple Yuan crystals, he wouldn't have been able to break through to the nascent Soul Stage so quickly. And if it wasn't for the nascent formation pill, the process of breaking through wouldn't have been so smooth.

Â  Now that Xia ruofei had successfully reached the beginner stage of the original level, he naturally couldn't wait to open the second storage ring and see what was inside.

Â  Xia ruofei was full of anticipation.

Â  He looked at the storage ring in his hand and then silently circulated his vital Qi. Sure enough, the barrier that was once completely unbreakable, when it encountered Yuanying Qi, directly melted like ice and snow meeting the sun.

Â  Then, Xia ruofei scanned the ring with his spiritual power and found that the restriction on the storage ring had been removed.

Â  He immediately forced out a drop of blood from his fingertip and performed the owner recognition on the storage ring.

Â  Then, Xia ruofei impatiently sent his spiritual force into the storage ring.

Â  When he inspected the contents of the storage ring, he couldn't help but widen his eyes in shock despite being mentally prepared.

Â  Inside the storage ring, there were hundreds of identical Jade bottles neatly arranged. ğ’©ewW ğ’ovels updğ’‚tes on nov/ğ’†l/b(i)ğ’(.)com

Â  Xia ruofei casually checked a few Jade bottles and couldn't help but take in a breath of cold air. The Jade bottles were all filled with liquefied elemental essence!

Â  That's right, it was the liquefied elemental essence that nascent soul cultivators had to painstakingly cultivate every day to form!

Â  Xia ruofei had received three storage rings as a reward.

Â  Xia ruofei could open the first storage ring immediately. There was a large amount of purple origin crystals, a bottle of nascent condensation pills, and a golden armor.

Â  Now that Xia ruofei had successfully reached the beginner stage of the original level, he naturally couldn't wait to open the second storage ring and see what was inside.