Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Â  Xia ruofei smiled and nodded.""Since no one has any specific plans, let me say it!"

Â  The moment Xia ruofei stepped out of the room, he saw Song Wei and Ling Qingxue waiting for him in the living room.

Â  Song Wei looked at Xia ruofei in surprise and asked, "You've already consolidated your cultivation so quickly?"

Â  From the time Xia ruofei entered the house to the time he left, it had only been slightly more than an hour. This was too short for cultivation. Basically, he had only completed 20 to 30 cycles.

Â  Song Wei and Ling Qingxue thought that Xia ruofei wanted to consolidate his cultivation. After all, it would take at least a few hours. They even discussed whether they should go to the kitchen to prepare the ingredients first, in case Xia ruofei cultivated for too long and delayed his dinner time. After all, Xia ruofei had just said that they would have dinner together to celebrate.

Â  He didn't expect that Xia ruofei would have finished cultivating in just over an hour.

Â  Xia ruofei chuckled and said,"actually, when I was in closed - door cultivation, I had already consolidated my cultivation. I just strengthened it a little." Don't worry!"

Â  "Wei Wei and I were thinking that if you took too long, we would go and prepare dinner first!" Ling Qingxue said with a smile.

Â  "Don 't!" Xia ruofei was so scared that he waved his hands and said,"let me do this kind of rough work!"

Â  Ling Qingxue pouted and asked,"what do you mean?" I'm the successor of Ling Ji F & B, so what's wrong with looking down on my cooking skills?"

Â  Xia ruofei thought,"don't you know how good your cooking is?" Don't mention that Ling Ji F & B descendant of yours anymore! If it wasn't for the fact that uncle Ling's disciples were quite capable, your family's cooking skills would have been lost in your generation ...

Â  Of course, Xia ruofei was only complaining in his heart. He denied it verbally and said without thinking,""I didn't have any other intentions! It's because you guys have been working so hard to protect me for the past few days, so I want to cook to reward you, right?"

Â  "That's more like it ..." Ling Qingxue said with a smile.

Â  In fact, she knew very well that her own cooking skills were not good enough for Ling Ji restaurant's reputation. Besides, even though Song Wei's cooking skills were slightly better than hers, she had been living in luxury since she was young. Therefore, compared to Ling Qingxue, Song Wei's cooking skills were not that good.

Â  Xia ruofei quickly took the opportunity to run to the kitchen and politely declined the help of his two female friends. He started to work alone in the kitchen.

Â  By the time the sun had set, Xia ruofei had already prepared a sumptuous dinner. He sent a telepathic message to Li Yifu, inviting him to come up and celebrate. Then, he took out two bottles of Drunken Eight Immortals and a bottle of Semillon white wine that was specially prepared for the ladies from the spirit map space.

Â  Everyone gathered together. Xia ruofei had broken through to the original infant stage. It could be said that he had entered a whole new stage, so everyone was in a good mood. Under Xia ruofei's suggestion, everyone had a toast.

Â  Then, Xia ruofei called everyone to eat and tried the feast he had prepared.

Â  All of the ingredients were taken out from the spirit map space. Furthermore, Xia ruofei had picked a decent spiritual herb from the realm Heart island's herb garden and added it into the soup. Not only did it become more delicious, it was also very beneficial to cultivators.

Â  Everyone was full of praise, especially Ling Qingxue, who drank two big bowls of soup without caring about her image.

Â  After eating for a while, Xia ruofei put down his chopsticks and asked with a smile,""What's everyone's next plan?"

Â  Ling Qingxue replied without hesitation,"what plans can we have? we'll just stay on this Paradise Island and cultivate!" It wasn't easy for me to break through to the Golden core stage, but with your breakthrough, the gap between us has widened again!"

Â  "Qingxue, I think it's going to be difficult for us to catch up to RUO Fei ..." Song Wei said with a smile.

Â  "Wei Wei, how can you boost other people's morale and diminish your own prestige?" Ling Qingxue said,"we are quite talented too, okay? What RUO Fei can do, we can do as well. It's just that we started a little later than him, but we'll definitely be able to catch up later!"

Â  Xia ruofei gave Ling Qingxue a thumbs up and said with a smile,""Good! He had ambition! Cultivation has always been against the will of the heavens. It's a good thing that Qingxue has this unyielding spirit!"

Â  Then, Xia ruofei looked at Li Yifu and asked with a smile,""What about you, foster husband? Do you have any plans?"

Â  Li Yifu thought for a moment and said,"senior granduncle, I'm not very talented. It's all thanks to your help that I'm able to have my current cultivation." Therefore, this disciple doesn't have any specific plans for the next step. This disciple will follow your arrangements, senior granduncle! If you don't have any other arrangements, this disciple is also willing to guard the Peach Blossom Island and cultivate while looking after this home for martial granduncle!"

Â  Xia ruofei was stunned for a moment and then laughed. This answer was in line with Li Yifu's usual style ...

Â  "Where's Wei Wei?" Xia ruofei looked at Song Wei and asked with a smile,"do you have any other specific plans for cultivation?"

Â  "That depends on your plans. We'll try our best to be with you to ensure the efficiency of our training!" Song Wei said.

Â  Song Wei was referring to the practice of the "absolute beginning Scripture" together. Although Xia ruofei had found a new technique for her and Ling Qingxue, in terms of cultivation efficiency, it was naturally more efficient to practice with a spirit body. Especially since Xia ruofei had broken through to the nascent Soul Stage, Song Wei and Ling Qingxue would probably benefit more if they practiced together. FiNd ğ’–pdğ’‚tes on n(ğ’)/vğ’†lğ’ƒğ’Šn(.)cğ’m

Â  Xia ruofei smiled and nodded.""Since no one has any specific plans, let me say it!" Then, Xia ruofei looked at Li Yifu and asked with a smile,""What about you, foster husband? Do you have any plans?"

Â  Li Yifu thought for a moment and said,"senior granduncle, I'm not very talented. It's all thanks to your help that I'm able to have my current cultivation." Therefore, this disciple doesn't have any specific plans for the next step. This disciple will follow your arrangements, senior granduncle! If you don't have any other arrangements, this disciple is also willing to guard the Peach Blossom Island and cultivate while looking after this home for martial granduncle!"

Â  "Where's Wei Wei?" Xia ruofei looked at Song Wei and asked with a smile,"do you have any other specific plans for cultivation?"

Â  "That depends on your plans. We'll try our best to be with you to ensure the efficiency of our training!" Song Wei said. "That depends on your plans. We'll try our best to be with you to ensure the efficiency of our training!" Song Wei said.