Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3829 Â New space function (1)

Â  Â  If the boundary Fox Bai Qingqing could be said to be the darling of space, able to comprehend the laws of the spirit map space to a very deep level in a very short time, then Xia ruofei would be the master of the laws in the spirit map space.

Â  Of course, Xia ruofei's understanding of the rules of space in the spirit map space might not be as good as Bai Qingqing 's. However, as the owner of the space, he had absolute control over the spirit map space. Hence, he could easily use the rules of space to the extreme.

Â  He had just noticed that there seemed to be a very different place in the sea of space, which had appeared after the upgrade.

Â  However, this place was in the depths of the space ocean. In addition, Xia ruofei was in the center of the vast continent. Hence, he was a few hundred kilometers away from the new special location. If he were in the outside world, it would take him a long time to get there even if he took the black Phoenix flying ship.

Â  But in the spirit map space, it wasn't so troublesome. Discover ğ’ew chapters at novelbiğ’(.)coğ’

Â  Xia ruofei's mind moved slightly, and the rules of the spirit map space fluctuated slightly. Xia ruofei's figure disappeared from where he was standing, and the next moment, he appeared out of thin air in the sky above a certain place in the depths of the space ocean, just standing there in the air.

Â  Xia ruofei's mind moved slightly, and the rules of the spirit map space fluctuated slightly. Xia ruofei's figure disappeared from where he was standing, and the next moment, he appeared out of thin air in the sky above a certain place in the depths of the space ocean, just standing there in the air.

Â  Nascent Soul Stage cultivators could hover and fly in the void without a flying sword. However, Xia ruofei didn't do it with his nascent Soul Stage cultivation. He made full use of the rules of the spirit map space.

Â  It could be said that Xia ruofei was the absolute king in the spirit map space.

Â  It was no exaggeration to say that Xia ruofei could decide the life and death of all the living beings in the spirit map space with a single thought.

Â  Putting everything else aside, just the laws of space here were enough for Xia ruofei to kill someone in an instant. He could create thousands of spatial cracks around the target and generate countless spatial wind blades. Even a cultivator who was a few realms higher than Xia ruofei would be cut into pieces without any resistance.

Â  Furthermore, Xia ruofei did not only control the rules of space.

Â  At this moment, Xia ruofei was standing in the void. Under his feet was the sea. He looked around and saw the vast ocean. If other cultivators came here, they would never know that this was not the outside world but the inside of a spatial treasure.

Â  Not far in front of Xia ruofei, there was an isolated island.

Â  To be more precise, it couldn't even be considered an Island. It could only be considered a reef, because it was too small.

Â  The part of the island above the sea was only six or seven meters high, and the top was a very regular flat surface, as if it had been cut by a sword. In fact, Xia ruofei also felt that it should have been cut by a sharp magical treasure.

Â  The flat surface of the island wasn't big either. It was basically round and was probably only ten meters wide.

Â  If a circle was drawn on it and an "H" symbol was drawn on the inside, it could be used as a small helicopter landing platform.

Â  However, this place was obviously not used for helicopters.

Â  On the circular surface of the top of the island, there were actually countless mysterious lines carved on it. With Xia ruofei's array Dao level, the first thing he felt was dizziness when he saw these lines. He could deduce the general function of a few lines, but when countless lines were combined together, the changes formed were simply endless. Furthermore, they were combined in such a complicated way that it was even more chaotic. Xia ruofei could not make out any clues.

Â  If the boundary Fox Bai Qingqing could be said to be the darling of space, able to comprehend the laws of the spirit map space to a very deep level in a very short time, then Xia ruofei would be the master of the laws in the spirit map space.

Â  Of course, Xia ruofei's understanding of the rules of space in the spirit map space might not be as good as Bai Qingqing 's. However, as the owner of the space, he had absolute control over the spirit map space. Hence, he could easily use the rules of space to the extreme.

Â  Putting everything else aside, just the laws of space here were enough for Xia ruofei to kill someone in an instant. He could create thousands of spatial cracks around the target and generate countless spatial wind blades. Even a cultivator who was a few realms higher than Xia ruofei would be cut into pieces without any resistance.