Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

3833 A new mystical realm (1)

Xia ruofei was already able to touch the bottleneck of the Saint spirit realm, but it was obvious that this formation had a protective mechanism. When Xia ruofei's sea of consciousness could not bear it, it directly kicked him out of the formation.

This was a good thing, of course. 

After all, everyone's willpower was different. For someone like Xia ruofei, who had a strong will, even if his sea of consciousness was in a dangerous state, he would still grit his teeth and persist. The result of continuing would be that his sea of consciousness would be severely damaged. The injuries to the sea of consciousness were much more troublesome than injuries to the physical body.

Therefore, with such a protective mechanism, cultivators who entered the array to train their mental power could not only squeeze out their potential to the limit, but also avoid really hurting their sea of consciousness.

Xia ruofei checked his own condition. His head was still aching and his sea of consciousness seemed to have been injured from the violent shock and hammering.

Of course, due to the existence of the protection mechanism, the damage was very minor.

Compared to the benefits he had gained from the array, this injury to his sea of consciousness was not worth mentioning.

It had not been long since Xia ruofei had broken through to the late - Stage of spiritualism. Before this, his spiritual power was still far from breaking through to the Saint spirit realm. However, after cultivating once in the array today, he had actually touched the bottleneck of the Saint spirit realm.

He didn't dare to say that he would have a chance to break through immediately, but this improvement was clearly unimaginable in the past.

The toughness of his spiritual sea and the strength of his spiritual power had also improved significantly compared to before he entered the formation cultivation.

Xia ruofei really wanted to continue cultivating and break through to the Saint spirit realm in one go, allowing his spiritual power to break through to the next realm.

However, after checking his own condition, he knew that this idea was unrealistic. Read most accurately at no(v) el...n(e) xt.com

Today's long period of cultivation had placed a heavy burden on his sea of consciousness, especially when he was cultivating the third Halo. He was directly kicked out by the formation and his sea of consciousness had suffered some minor injuries.

Although the injuries were insignificant and would not harm his Foundation at all, that was only in comparison.

Xia ruofei estimated that it would take at least five to seven days to recover.

In other words, although this array was extremely effective in training one's mental energy, it was impossible to repeatedly farm it for no reason and allow one's mental energy to increase infinitely.

In fact, it was not just the cultivation of spiritual power. The cultivation of any field was the same, and it paid attention to a degree of relaxation.

Even if Xia ruofei's sea of consciousness wasn't injured, he wouldn't be able to continue practicing formations.

Therefore, he already had a rough plan. In the future, he would come in every week or so to train his spiritual power, and the rest of the time, he would continue to practice the great Dao Arts and the black origin Sutra. He also had to plan the two ways of absorbing spiritual Qi and primordial liquid.

Xia ruofei believed that as long as he arranged his cultivation plan well, his vital Qi cultivation and spiritual power cultivation would welcome a period of rapid development!

Compared to before, even if he trained his mental power once a week, the improvement effect was a world of difference. He was confident that his mental power cultivation would always be ahead of his vital Qi cultivation by at least two small realms.

Xia ruofei took out a Jade futon and gulped down a few mouthfuls of water from the spiritual pond. Then, he sat down cross-legged and started to recover. At the same time, he slowly used his spiritual power to nourish his sea of consciousness and heal the injuries.

After resting for more than an hour, Xia ruofei stood up and kept the Jade futon.

His spiritual power had basically recovered, but the injury in his sea of consciousness would be relatively more troublesome. However, it would not be a problem to heal it, but it would still take a few days.

Xia ruofei stood at the edge of the formation on the island. With a slight thought, the surrounding space laws started to fluctuate. In the blink of an eye, the entire Island was surrounded by spatial barriers.

Now that he was standing here and looking around, he could no longer see the turbulent sea of space. The layers of space membranes could not be penetrated even by mind power.

Xia ruofei believed that, under such circumstances, he brought Song Wei, Ling Qingxue, and Li Yifu in. They would never have thought that this Island was located in a vast space - Type treasure.

After checking around and not finding any loopholes, Xia ruofei finally revealed a satisfied smile.Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

With a slight thought, his figure disappeared on the spot.

In the next moment, he had appeared in the central region of the mountain and sea realm.

Xia ruofei had originally wanted to return to his room in the outside world. However, before he left, he suddenly thought of Bai Qingqing, the world Fox. After all, the number of world stones used up for this upgrade had exceeded his expectations. As a result, he had only left eight world stones for Bai Qingqing. Xia ruofei felt a little guilty.

Therefore, he used his mind to check the small space where Bai Qingqing was.

To Xia ruofei's surprise, Bai Qingqing, who had finished eating the eight world stones, seemed to have entered a state of evolution.

Its eyes were closed, and its body was curled up in the small space. White rays of light appeared around its body. These rays of light seemed to be winding around it, forming a light cocoon.

Xia ruofei could not help but raise his eyebrows. It seemed that Bai Qingqing had taken the opportunity to comprehend a large amount of the spirit map's spatial rules during the upgrade process. Perhaps it was because she had replenished eight world stones at once, so it seemed like she was about to start evolving again.