Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3834 A new mystical realm (2)

 

After Bai Qingqing evolved, she could communicate with him directly. At the beginning, Bai Qingqing didn't have the ability to speak. She could only make squeaking sounds and wave her forelimbs.

Xia ruofei wondered what changes Bai Qingqing would undergo after this evolution. He could not help but look forward to it.

However, he also knew that Bai Qingqing's evolution would not be so fast. For a period of time in the future, she would be in this kind of dormant state.

Xia ruofei checked and confirmed that Bai Qingqing had only entered a state of evolution and that there was nothing wrong with her body. Only then did he relax. With a thought, he left the spirit map space and returned to his room on the Paradise Island.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

At this time, the sky outside had already completely darkened.

Xia ruofei had returned to his room in the afternoon to fiddle with the jade box. The process of upgrading the spirit map space was a long one. After the space upgrade, he went to the array deep in the sea to train his spiritual power for a few hours. So, it was already past nine in the evening.

As Xia ruofei had instructed them to do so, Song Wei and Ling Qingxue did not bother him.

Xia ruofei removed all the formations he had set up and kept the materials. Then, he opened the door and walked out.

Song Wei and Ling Qingxue were still sitting in the living room, watching TV in boredom.

The island was equipped with satellite antennas that could receive satellite TV signals directly. Currently, the TV was broadcasting a reality show on an Australian TV station. However, Song Wei and Ling Qingxue's minds were not on the TV, and they were both a little distracted.

Seeing Xia ruofei's room door open, they stood up at the same time.

"RUO Fei, what took you so long? We thought you were in closed - door cultivation again!" Ling Qingxue asked.

"I'm researching a formation, but I'm probably too engrossed in it! "I didn't notice the time ..." Xia ruofei said with a smile.

He had spent most of his afternoon and night training his spiritual power in the array in the depths of the space ocean, so strictly speaking, this was not a lie.

Xia ruofei was already able to touch the bottleneck of the Saint spirit realm, but it was obvious that this formation had a protective mechanism. When Xia ruofei's sea of consciousness could not bear it, it directly kicked him out of the formation.

This was a good thing, of course.

After all, everyone's willpower was different. For someone like Xia ruofei, who had a strong will, even if his sea of consciousness was in a dangerous state, he would still grit his teeth and persist. The result of continuing would be that his sea of consciousness would be severely damaged. please! 

The injuries to the sea of consciousness were much more troublesome than injuries to the physical body.

Therefore, with such a protective mechanism, cultivators who entered the array to train their mental power could not only squeeze out their potential to the limit, but also avoid really hurting their sea of consciousness.

Xia ruofei checked his own condition. His head was still aching and his sea of consciousness seemed to have been injured from the violent shock and hammering.

Of course, due to the existence of the protection mechanism, the damage was very minor.

Compared to the benefits he had gained from the array, this injury to his sea of consciousness was not worth mentioning.

It had not been long since Xia ruofei had broken through to the late - Stage of spiritualism. Before this, his spiritual power was still far from breaking through to the Saint spirit realm. However, after cultivating once in the array today, he had actually touched the bottleneck of the Saint spirit realm.

He didn't dare to say that he would have a chance to break through immediately, but this improvement was clearly unimaginable in the past.

The toughness of his spiritual sea and the strength of his spiritual power had also improved significantly compared to before he entered the formation cultivation.

Xia ruofei really wanted to continue cultivating and break through to the Saint spirit realm in one go, allowing his spiritual power to break through to the next realm.

However, after checking his own condition, he knew that this idea was unrealistic.

Today's long period of cultivation had placed a heavy burden on his sea of consciousness, especially when he was cultivating the third Halo. He was directly kicked out by the formation and his sea of consciousness had suffered some minor injuries.

Although the injuries were insignificant and would not harm his Foundation at all, that was only in comparison.

Xia ruofei estimated that it would take at least five to seven days to recover.

In other words, although this array was extremely effective in training one's mental energy, it was impossible to repeatedly farm it for no reason and allow one's mental energy to increase infinitely.

In fact, it was not just the cultivation of spiritual power. The cultivation of any field was the same, and it paid attention to a degree of relaxation.

Even if Xia ruofei's sea of consciousness wasn't injured, he wouldn't be able to continue practicing formations.

Therefore, he already had a rough plan. In the future, he would come in every week or so to train his spiritual power, and the rest of the time, he would continue to practice the great Dao Arts and the black origin Sutra. He also had to plan the two ways of absorbing spiritual Qi and primordial liquid.

Xia ruofei believed that as long as he arranged his cultivation plan well, his vital Qi cultivation and spiritual power cultivation would welcome a period of rapid development!

Compared to before, even if he trained his mental power once a week, the improvement effect was a world of difference. He was confident that his mental power cultivation would always be ahead of his vital Qi cultivation by at least two small realms.

Xia ruofei took out a Jade futon and gulped down a few mouthfuls of water from the spiritual pond. Then, he sat down cross-legged and started to recover. At the same time, he slowly used his spiritual power to nourish his sea of consciousness and heal the injuries.

After resting for more than an hour, Xia ruofei stood up and kept the Jade futon.

His spiritual power had basically recovered, but the injury in his sea of consciousness would be relatively more troublesome. However, it would not be a problem to heal it, but it would still take a few days.