Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3835 Â Full horsepower (1)

Â  Â  "A small secret realm?" Ling Qingxue and Song Wei's eyes lit up at the same time.

Â  Especially Ling Qingxue. She had been to the mystic Luna realm with Xia ruofei, so she had a more intuitive feeling about the opportunities that might exist in the mystic Luna realm. She asked impatiently,""Ruofei, what kind of secret realm is it? Just how small is a small secret realm?"

Â  Xia ruofei laughed and said,"it's so small that it's beyond your imagination, but it's very interesting and very practical!" You'll know when you go in!"

Â  In fact, this "small secret realm" was completely created by Xia ruofei in the spirit map space. He wanted to make the secret realm as big as he could. After all, the mountain and sea realm in the spirit map space now had almost one - tenth of the land area of China. The ocean was also very vast.

Â  However, Xia ruofei didn't want to reveal the secret of the spirit map space, so he tried his best to surround it with a space membrane wall. There was only an area of about ten meters in diameter on the island, which was pitifully small.

Â  "Alright! Alright! Quickly bring us in!" Ling Qingxue said hurriedly.

Â  Xia ruofei smiled."Alright. Don't resist. I'll teleport you into the secret realm!" ğ’‚ll new stğ’ries at n0ve/lbi/ğ’(.)cğ’m

Â  Song Wei and Ling Qingxue were also experienced in this area. When Qianqian entered the green touring immortal abode, Xia ruofei had also brought them in directly. As long as they did not resist, it would be fine.

Â  Hence, Xia ruofei easily brought his two confidants to the mountain and sea realm of the spirit map space. They accurately appeared on the island in the depths of the space sea.

Â  With Xia ruofei's current level of control over the spirit map space, he could hit wherever he wanted. The error could be calculated in millimeters, so it was not difficult to move to the island accurately.

Â  Song Wei and Ling Qingxue felt their vision blur, and then, as if the stars had shifted, the scenery in front of them changed completely.

Â  They didn't realize that they had been moved into a vast, small space at all, because the 'small secret realm' in front of them was really small. There was a rock under their feet, and it was a circular area with a diameter of ten meters. Beyond that was the space membrane wall, and they could even touch it with their hands.

Â  "This is the place!" Xia ruofei said with a smile.

Â  Song Wei's gaze fell on the only eye - catching large array pattern on the island. She smiled and pointed in the direction of the array and asked,""RUO Fei, the interesting part of this small secret realm should be that formation, right?"

Â  Xia ruofei laughed and nodded,""Of course! There was nothing else here other than this array! However, don't look down on this formation. It's super practical and will be of great help to me!"

Â  "What kind of formation is this?" Ling Qingxue could not help but ask.

Â  Xia ruofei said,"I've tried to figure it out. This should be an array specially used to train a cultivator's spiritual power ..."

Â  Then, Xia ruofei explained everything he knew about the formation to his two female friends in detail. Finally, he said,""I brought you here to let you experience it first! In the future, you can come in regularly to train your spiritual power. This will be of great help to your cultivation!"

Â  "A small secret realm?" Ling Qingxue and Song Wei's eyes lit up at the same time.

Â  Especially Ling Qingxue. She had been to the mystic Luna realm with Xia ruofei, so she had a more intuitive feeling about the opportunities that might exist in the mystic Luna realm. She asked impatiently,""Ruofei, what kind of secret realm is it? Just how small is a small secret realm?"

Â  "Alright! Alright! Quickly bring us in!" Ling Qingxue said hurriedly.

Â  Xia ruofei smiled."Alright. Don't resist. I'll teleport you into the secret realm!"

Â  Song Wei and Ling Qingxue were also experienced in this area. When Qianqian entered the green touring immortal abode, Xia ruofei had also brought them in directly. As long as they did not resist, it would be fine.

Â  They didn't realize that they had been moved into a vast, small space at all, because the 'small secret realm' in front of them was really small. There was a rock under their feet, and it was a circular area with a diameter of ten meters. Beyond that was the space membrane wall, and they could even touch it with their hands.