Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3838 Â Rapid improvement (2)

Â  Hence, Xia ruofei had been observing Song Wei's situation. If her sea of consciousness was damaged and the formation did not move, Xia ruofei would teleport Song Wei out decisively.

Â  In the spirit map space, even if there was a formation, it was still easy for Xia ruofei to teleport Song Wei out.

Â  Song Wei endured the second Halo for about five minutes. Her body was already trembling uncontrollably. Then, she was thrown out by an invisible force and landed outside the array.

Â  However, she was better off than Xia ruofei in that she would not be thrown to the ground. This was because Xia ruofei had already moved the moment the formation activated. Before Song Wei landed, he was already in position and caught her firmly.

Â  "Wei Wei, how do you feel?" Xia ruofei quickly asked.

Â  Song Wei's face was as pale as a sheet of paper. There was even a trace of blood at the corner of her mouth. She looked very dispirited, but at the same time, she was very excited. With Xia ruofei's help, she stabilized her body and said, "Don't worry! It's not a big problem!"

Â  "Weiwei, you're so good!" Ling Qingxue walked over and gave Song Wei a thumbs up."How does it feel to train your spiritual power?" she asked.

Â  Song Wei smiled and said,"it's almost the same as what RUO Fei described!" However, you still have to experience it for yourself, it's hard to describe it clearly with words ... Qingxue, you should get ready to enter the formation! This formation was really effective in training one's mental energy! In such a short time, I feel that my spiritual power has improved by a large margin! I think he's already at the peak of the late stage of spirit gathering realm ..." Discover ğ’ew chapters at novelbiğ’(.)coğ’

Â  "Yes, yes!" Ling Qingxue was also eager to try.

Â  Xia ruofei said,"Qingxue, you can enter the formation at any time. Just remember the things I told you just now!"

Â  Then, Xia ruofei said to Song Wei,""Wei Wei, quickly sit down and take a rest. Also, drink this ladle of water and quickly adjust your breathing and recover! I estimate that the injury in your sea of consciousness will take a few days to heal. Fortunately, it doesn't affect your cultivation!"

Â  Song Wei didn't stop at the first Halo and walked into the second Halo's range.

Â  The formation had been activated, so when Song Wei went in, she immediately felt the pressure of the hammer, shock, and spiritual power. The strength of her consciousness had increased by a lot.

Â  Her delicate body trembled slightly, and her face turned pale.

Â  Xia ruofei knew that what song Wei was feeling now was similar to what he was feeling in the third Halo. It might even be more than that.

Â  The intensity of the second Halo's spiritual power was actually beyond what song Wei's current level of spiritual power could withstand. Therefore, the possibility of her holding on until she passed this stage was not high. The only question was how long she could last.

Â  Naturally, the longer he persisted, the greater the benefits he would obtain.

Â  Moreover, under this kind of extreme pressure, for every second he persisted, the tempering of his sea of consciousness and the growth of his spiritual power might be greatly different.

Â  Of course, this did not entirely depend on Song Wei's willpower.

Â  If the array determined that her sea of consciousness had reached the limit of what it could bear and that continuing might cause irreversible damage, it would decisively send her out of the array. This was not something she could control.

Â  However, as long as she could persevere to that point, it meant that Song Wei had already done her best in this array training.

Â  Time passed slowly. Xia ruofei did not dare to be distracted. He kept an eye on Ling Qingxue's condition. After all, he did not dare to completely rely on the protective mechanism of the formation. After all, the formation was set up by humans and he did not know how long it had been. What if it was just this small and the protective mechanism had a problem at this time?

Â  Hence, Xia ruofei had been observing Song Wei's condition. If her sea of consciousness was damaged and the formation did not move, Xia ruofei would teleport her out decisively.

Â  In the spirit map space, even if there was a formation, it was still easy for Xia ruofei to teleport Song Wei out.

Â  Time passed slowly. Xia ruofei did not dare to be distracted. He kept an eye on Ling Qingxue's condition. After all, he did not dare to completely rely on the protective mechanism of the formation. After all, the formation was set up by humans and he did not know how long it had been. What if it was just this small and the protective mechanism had a problem at this time?

Â  Hence, Xia ruofei had been observing Song Wei's situation. If her sea of consciousness was damaged and the formation did not move, Xia ruofei would teleport Song Wei out decisively.

Â  In the spirit map space, even if there was a formation, it was still easy for Xia ruofei to teleport Song Wei out.