Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3841 Â The crushing of the realm (1)

Â  Â  Xia ruofei twisted his body in the air and staggered a few steps when he landed. Finally, he managed to stabilize himself.

Â  He already had seven or eight experiences of challenging the array, so he already had rich experience in dealing with the situation of being thrown out by the array.

Â  Song Wei and Ling Qingxue hurried over. Song Wei asked with concern,""Ruofei, are you alright?"

Â  Xia ruofei's face was frighteningly pale. Song Wei and Ling Qingxue could imagine how much he had to endure to be able to withstand the third Halo for such a long time.

Â  Xia ruofei had entered the array on his own the previous few times. Song Wei and Ling Qingxue had never seen Xia ruofei break through the array with their own eyes. Today was the first time they had seen it in person. It was really frightening!

Â  Xia ruofei grinned and said,"I'm very good!" You can say that it's better than any other time ..."

Â  After such a long time, he had finally broken through the shackles of the Saint spirit realm. Xia ruofei was in a very good mood.

Â  Ling Qingxue couldn't help but say,"you don't look too good ...""Ruofei, don't force yourself. Hurry up and recover ..."

Â  Xia ruofei laughed and said,"don't worry!" I know what I'm doing! You two don't need to worry about me, hurry up and break the formation! I'm going to recover my spiritual force here!" Äiscover nğ’†w chaptğ’†rs ğ’n n0ğ’—e(l)biğ’(.)com

Â  He didn't tell his two female friends about his breakthrough. In fact, he didn't have a clear judgment himself. He didn't know if he had broken through to the Saint spirit realm.

Â  In addition, he felt that the injury in his sea of consciousness seemed to be slightly more serious than before. At this moment, he could hardly mobilize his spiritual power, so he had no way to check if there were any changes in his spiritual power.

Â  It was not Xia ruofei's first time challenging the array. Hence, although Song Wei and Ling Qingxue were worried when they saw Xia ruofei's pale face, they still listened to his suggestion and decided to challenge the array first.

Â  After all, they wouldn't be of much help if they stayed. They might even affect Xia ruofei's recovery.

Â  The two of them discussed for a while and decided to let Song Wei go first.

Â  Ling Qingxue stood guard at the side, mainly paying attention to Xia ruofei's situation. However, she did not come over to disturb Xia ruofei.

Â  Xia ruofei took a ladle of the spiritual pond water and gulped it down. Then, he took the Jade futon and sat down cross - legged to regulate his breathing.

Â  As time went by, Xia ruofei's spiritual energy started to recover.

Â  This time, he had consumed more mental power than the previous times. He was almost exhausted.

Â  Fortunately, both the spiritual pond water and the Jade futon were helpful for the recovery of his spiritual power. Although the recovery speed was not too fast, he had been accumulating his spiritual power steadily.

Â  In addition, the injury in Xia ruofei's sea of consciousness was also slowly healing.

Â  Although the sea of consciousness would suffer some damage if one persisted to the limit of the formation to temper one's spiritual power, the damage was very minor. Not only would it not affect the foundation, but it would also mostly recover on its own without the need for medicine.

Â  This time, Xia ruofei could feel that his sea of consciousness had suffered more damage than the previous times under the strong shock and hammer.

Â  However, he was also happy to notice that under the nourishment of his spiritual power, the recovery speed of his sea of consciousness was much faster than before. At this speed, he could even completely recover his sea of consciousness faster than before.

Â  Maybe this was the benefit of breaking through to the next realm.

Â  After a while, Song Wei was also thrown out by the formation.

Â  In fact, Xia ruofei had been paying attention to Song Wei's situation in the array. So, when he saw that Song Wei had triggered the protection mechanism of the array, he immediately stopped regulating his breath and jumped up to catch Song Wei.

Â  Every time Song Wei and Ling Qingxue came here to train their spiritual power, Xia ruofei would accompany them. Hence, Xia ruofei was already very familiar with this set of movements.

Â  Song Wei's face was also pale. She said,"Ruofei, thank you!"

Â  Xia ruofei took a ladle of spiritual pond water and passed it to Song Wei.""Don't talk anymore, quickly drink the spiritual pond water and go recover!"

Â  Song Wei gulped down all the water in the pond and said,""RUO Fei, I'll go back to the outside world to recover my spiritual power! The formation in the Yanhuang building is also very helpful for mental power recovery. You still have to stay here and protect Qingxue, so keep this Jade futon for yourself. "

Â  Song Wei knew that Xia ruofei's spiritual power had not fully recovered and his sea of consciousness might be even more severely injured. Hence, she did not want to occupy Xia ruofei's Jade futon.

Â  Xia ruofei thought for a while and nodded.""That's good, you really don't have to waste your time here! Then I'll take you out first!"

Â  "En!" Song Wei said.

Â  Xia ruofei said to Ling Qingxue,"Qingxue, I'll send Wei Wei out first. Don't enter the formation for now. If anything happens, I won't be able to save you in time!"

Â  "I know! You can go!" Ling Qingxue said.

Â  Hence, with a thought, Xia ruofei brought Song Wei out of the spirit map space and returned to the bamboo pavilion in green immortal mansion.

Â  Song Wei smiled and said,"ruofei, you can just drop me off here!" I have the talisman array you gave me, so I can freely enter and exit the green touring immortal abode!"

Â  "Alright! Then you should use this time to recover your spiritual power and heal the injuries in your sea of consciousness!" Xia ruofei said,"you can also stay in green touring immortal abode to recover from your injuries! The great void clear sky formation and the allheaven formation on the outside will also be effective in the Azure immortal estate. "