Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3843 Â A visit (1)

Â  Â  There was no doubt that the breakthrough of spiritual power was an obvious improvement in Xia ruofei's overall strength. It would also be of great help to his future cultivation.

Â  Xia ruofei was enjoying the experience of breaking through to the Saint spirit realm. He only opened the door to welcome them when he sensed that Song Wei and Ling Qingxue had left the green touring immortal abode and returned to the outside world. DiisCoover ğ’–pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)coğ’

Â  "Ruofei, are you alright?" Song Wei asked with concern,"you didn't look too good just now. Is it because your sea of consciousness was injured more severely this time?"

Â  Xia ruofei laughed and said,"I'm fine!" Don't you see that I've already recovered?"

Â  Song Wei and Ling Qingxue looked at Xia ruofei and realized that his face had really turned rosy. He was in high spirits and in a better condition than before. The two of them secretly heaved a sigh of relief.

Â  "It's good that you're fine!" Ling Qingxue said,"that look just now was really a little scary ..."

Â  Xia ruofei chuckled."The two of you, on the other hand, should be more careful these few days. Don't use your spiritual power if you can. Wait until your sea of consciousness recovers."

Â  "Don't worry! It's not the first time!" Ling Qingxue smiled and said,"we know what to do!"

Â  "That's good!" Xia ruofei said with a smile.

Â  Song Wei couldn't help but look at Xia ruofei and said,""Ruofei, you look a little different today ... But I can't tell what's different ..."

Â  "Yes, yes, yes! I was just about to say that!" Ling Qingxue quickly said,"you seem to be in a very good mental state! Don't tell me you're on steroids?"

Â  Ling Qingxue couldn't help but giggle.

Â  "You two have sharp eyes!" Xia ruofei laughed and said,"you can even tell!"

Â  "Ah? There's really something!" Ling Qingxue couldn't help but look at Xia ruofei a few more times. She asked with uncertainty,"could it be ... That he had a breakthrough in his spiritual power?"

Â  Xia ruofei smiled and did not say anything. Ling Qingxue became even more anxious. She pulled on Xia ruofei's sleeve and asked,""Aiya, don't keep me in suspense! Quickly tell me what happened!"

Â  Xia ruofei did not answer directly. Instead, he said indifferently,""You want to know? Let's hear you call me husband!"

Â  Although Ling Qingxue and Song Wei had long been intimate with Xia ruofei, and even now they were not against the three of them sleeping together, they had never called Xia ruofei "hubby" other than when they were rolling in the sheets.

Â  The two of them were a little embarrassed by this title.

Â  However, after hearing Xia ruofei's words today, Ling Qingxue's eyes seemed a little dazed. She then obediently said,""Honey ..."

Â  When Song Wei saw this, she couldn't help but widen her eyes and look at Ling Qingxue in disbelief.

Â  There was no doubt that the breakthrough of spiritual power was an obvious improvement in Xia ruofei's overall strength. It would also be of great help to his future cultivation.

Â  Xia ruofei was enjoying the experience of breaking through to the Saint spirit realm. He only opened the door to welcome them when he sensed that Song Wei and Ling Qingxue had left the green touring immortal abode and returned to the outside world.

Â  The two of them were a little embarrassed by this title.