Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3845 Â Shocked by the heavens (1)

Diiscover new ğ’”tories at nğ’ve/lbin(.)c/oğ’

Â  Â  Xia ruofei and Chen Xuan walked into the main hall of the Empyrean one Pavilion.

Â  The first heaven society's banquet was held in the main hall. Usually, it was for important events or to receive important guests. This was enough to show how much Chen Nanfeng valued Xia ruofei.

Â  Xia ruofei walked into the main hall and was stunned for a moment. Then, he smiled and said,""So Valley master Liu is also in the first heaven society. Lu You, long time no see!"

Â  It turned out that the "old friends" that Chen Xuan had mentioned on the way here were the valley master of the soaring Flower Valley, Liu Mansha, and Lu You. When everyone had come to the heavenly sect to witness Chen Nanfeng's breakthrough to the nascent Soul Stage, Liu Mansha had admired Lu You's talent and accepted her as an in - Name disciple.

Â  Although Lu You was an in - Name disciple, Liu Mansha had actually trained Lu You as a personal disciple. At that time, Liu Mansha had originally wanted to take Lu You in as a personal disciple. However, Lu You had already joined the water Yuan sect at that time, and she did not want to change her allegiance just because the stronger soaring Flower Valley wanted to recruit her. Thus, she had politely rejected Liu Mansha's offer of an olive branch. Liu Mansha had then changed her mind and accepted Lu You as an in - Name disciple.

Â  Although Lu You was an in - Name disciple, Liu Mansha had actually trained Lu You as a personal disciple. At that time, Liu Mansha had originally wanted to take Lu You in as a personal disciple. However, Lu You had already joined the water Yuan sect at that time, and she did not want to change her allegiance just because the stronger soaring Flower Valley wanted to recruit her. Thus, she had politely rejected Liu Mansha's offer of an olive branch. Liu Mansha had then changed her mind and accepted Lu You as an in - Name disciple.

Â  Liu Mansha had also trained Lu You with great care. She often brought Lu You by her side and taught her. She was even more attentive than when she taught her personal disciples.

Â  Liu Mansha and Lu You had already heard from Chen Nanfeng that Xia ruofei would be visiting the first heaven society today. Hence, they were not surprised by his appearance.

Â  "It's been two years since we last met, and fellow Daoist Xia looks even more elegant than before!"Liu Mansha said with a smile.

Â  "Valley master Liu, you flatter me!" Xia ruofei smiled.

Â  Lu You also smiled and nodded at Xia ruofei in greeting, but she did not say anything.

Â  Xia ruofei and Chen Xuan walked into the main hall of the Empyrean one Pavilion.

Â  The first heaven society's banquet was held in the main hall. Usually, it was for important events or to receive important guests. This was enough to show how much Chen Nanfeng valued Xia ruofei.

Â  Xia ruofei walked into the main hall and was stunned for a moment. Then, he smiled and said,""So Valley master Liu is also in the first heaven society. Lu You, long time no see!"