Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3850 Gathering in the three mountains (1)

Xia ruofei hoped to bring all the people around him to the seven Star Pavilion at once.

On Peach Blossom Island, there were Song Wei, Ling Qingxue, and Li Yifu. There was also his eldest disciple, Tang Haoran, who was in Australia, as well as Luo Qingfeng, the head of the star Seizer sect. In addition, there was also Song Wei's father, song Qiming.

Since they were all in different places, the fastest way was naturally to pick them up by airboat. After planning the route, they could pick them all up in one trip.

Of course, Xia ruofei still had to consider the safety of Paradise Island.

At present, the Peach Blossom Island was still a very secretive existence. It had not been spread in the world of cultivation, so the probability of cultivators encountering it was not high. However, it was also impossible to block everyone and drive them away from the Peach Blossom

Island.

Therefore, once Li Yifu wanted to leave, someone had to take his place.

The most suitable candidate was naturally the star Seizer sect's Zheng Yongshou.

Zheng Yongshou was also a servant controlled by Xia ruofei's soul seal, so there was no need to worry about his loyalty. Moreover, his level of array Dao was higher than Li Yifu 's, and he had also learned the control of a simple array disc. With him in charge of the Peach Blossom Island, his safety could be assured. Even if an enemy invaded, he could rely on the help of the array to resist for a long time.

As Zheng Yongshou was Xia ruofei 's' Liaison Officer 'in the secular world, he spent most of his time cultivating on Peach Blossom Island, apart from returning to China regularly to meet up with the peach blossom company. It was not a problem for Li Yifu to leave Peach Blossom Island for a few days.

Hence, Xia ruofei first dialed the satellite phone that he had left in the suite on the top floor of the Yanhuang building on Peach Blossom Island.

On the phone, Xia ruofei asked Song Wei and Ling Qingxue to bring Li Yifu to Huaxia immediately. There was another flying magic treasure, the cloud piercing shuttle, on Peach Blossom Island, but it was slightly slower than the black Phoenix flying boat. It would only take about three hours to reach Huaxia, which was a rather convenient mode of transportation.

In addition, Xia ruofei told Song Wei to inform Li Yifu and let him take over the duties with Zheng Yongshou, especially the duties of the control of the formation.

During the days when Li Yifu left Peach Blossom Island, Zheng Yongshou would be fully responsible for the security work.

Finally, Xia ruofei answered Song Wei's call.""Wei Wei, there's one more thing. The three of you fly to the three mountains in China and wait for my news there. Contact uncle song in advance and tell him to spare a day's time. I want to bring uncle song with me to the heavenly sect to use the seven Star Pavilion's magic treasure." 

Song Wei was naturally overjoyed and said without hesitation, "Alright! I'll contact him first, then I'll set off with Qingxue and my adopted husband!"Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

"Mm! You can just wait for my news at the three mountains. "Xia ruofei said,"I still have to go to Australia to pick up Haoran. Then, I'll go to the star Seizer sect to pick up Luo Qingfeng."

"Alright! I'll see you at the three mountains!" Song Wei said.

"I'll see you at the three mountains!"

After hanging up, Xia ruofei contacted Luo Qingfeng of the star Seizer sect.

In order to facilitate Xia ruofei's call at any time, the star Seizer sect had also specially set up a post similar to a communication terminal. In fact, it was just outside the range of the sect's array. There were disciples who took turns to guard the mobile phone. Once Xia ruofei called, they had a very convenient internal communication method. They could inform Luo Qingfeng at the first moment, and it was very convenient to contact him.

After Xia ruofei picked up the call, he waited for about two to three minutes before Luo Qingfeng's respectful voice came from the other end of the phone."Master!"

Xia ruofei knew that Luo Qingfeng must have asked the irrelevant people to leave. Otherwise, he would have covered up the way he addressed her. Therefore, it was not inconvenient to talk now.

"Qingfeng," Xia ruofei said directly,"make some arrangements in the sect. I'll come and pick you up today. I'll take you to the first heaven society!"

Luo Qingfeng did not even ask what Xia ruofei wanted. He said without thinking," "Yes, master! I'll make the arrangements immediately, and we'll be waiting for you at any time!"

Luo Qingfeng was also controlled by Xia ruofei's soul seal. His loyalty was 100%, so he would not question Xia ruofei's orders. Even if Xia ruofei wanted to take him to attack the first heaven society, he would not hesitate.

After contacting Luo Qingfeng, Xia ruofei immediately contacted Tang Yitian in Australia.

Xia ruofei said directly," "Big brother Tang, I need to take Haoran away from Australia for one or two days. There's an opportunity that's very important to him, so you have to help him apply for a two- day leave."

Tang Yitian also didn't hesitate and said directly," "No problem! I'll go and inform the school. RUO Fei, when are you coming over?"

"If it's possible, I want it to be done as soon as possible." Xia ruofei replied,"I'll be there in about an hour. Two hours at most."

"No problem! He's already finished school, so he'll be home in an hour. "Tang Yitian said,"you can just come to the manor directly! I'll help him apply for two days of leave from school. If it's not enough, he can extend it!"

"Alright!" Xia ruofei smiled and said, "I'll come over now!"

In fact, Xia ruofei had been flying the black Phoenix flying ship at high speed while he was making the call. Now that they were above the sea, he changed the direction of the Flying Ship and increased its altitude rapidly, flying towards Australia in the Southern Hemisphere.