Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 386: Xia ruofei, I want to ...

When the two of them came downstairs, Ling Xiaotian was standing alone in front of the big fish tank, admiring the pair of premium blood – Red Dragons. Seeing the two of them, Ling Xiaotian smiled and gestured for Xia ruofei to sit on the sofa.

Ling Qingxue lowered her head guiltily, not meeting Ling Xiaotian’s eyes.

Xia ruofei had a strong mentality. He did not show any signs of awkwardness even though he had just slept with someone else’s daughter.

After the two of them sat down, Ling Qingxue went to make tea for them.

Meanwhile, Ling Xiaotian was talking to Xia ruofei about the winery.

He had already given an order to the winery’s management team to put aside the construction of the new factory and the purchase of new equipment for the time being, and focus all their efforts on the wine storage and improvement.

The purchasing department had already started to purchase the large wine jars. The fastest batch of about 30 tons of wine would be ready in two days. Then, at the latest, it would take a week for all 90 tons of wine to be sent to Xia ruofei’s warehouse.

Xia ruofei immediately gave the address of the warehouse he had rented to Ling Xiaotian, telling him that he would be in Sanshan city for the whole week and that he could contact him at any time when he was delivering the wine.

The two of them then briefly discussed the pricing strategy.

The 500 ml bottle of Drunken Eight Immortals, which had been improved for a month, was priced at about 150 yuan per bottle. It was slightly more expensive than the current exquisite Drunken Eight Immortals. However, Xia ruofei and Ling Xiaotian were very confident that even at this price, the supply would still be in short supply.

They had agreed to divide it into four levels. Apart from the public version of Drunken Eight Immortals, which required a month’s worth of improvement, there were three levels of improvement that required three months, five months, and a year.

The initial price of the improved version of Drunken Eight Immortals was 588 Yuan, the price was 888 Yuan for five months, and the price was 8888 Yuan for a year.

A year’s production of Drunken Eight Immortals would be very little. Their initial agreement was to sell five hundred catties of wine per month. They would only start selling after a year, which meant that there would be a limited supply of five hundred bottles per month.

When Ling Xiaotian heard the price set by Xia ruofei, he was also shocked. After all, there were few national wines such as the Maotai Wuliangye that were priced so high. Moreover, the environment was different from before. To put it bluntly, the public funds were used less. He was worried that if this price was announced, no one would be interested.

But Xia ruofei was full of confidence.

A one year improvement cycle, according to the difference in the flow of time, would be 30 years.

Was it very expensive to sell a 30 – year – old brew at this price?

Moreover, during these 30 years, the wine had been stored in an environment with extremely rich spiritual energy. In addition, there was a small amount of diluted spirit Heart Flower petal solution. Even Xia ruofei could not imagine how fragrant the wine would be after being opened for a year in the outside world.

Besides, Xia ruofei’s target customers were not civil servants. He would not dare to use public funds for such a drink. His target was the big bosses of the business world. These people had so much money that they could not finish spending it. Moreover, they spent their own money. As long as the item was good, they would not be afraid of being reported no matter how much they spent.

No matter if it was a farm or a winery, Xia ruofei’s goal was always to make quality products.

This Drunken Eight Immortals wine would indeed have a very promising future, but Xia ruofei valued its reputation more. The Drunken Eight Immortals, which had been fermented for 30 years, was the best product to build a reputation.

As long as the aged Drunken Eight Immortals was listed in the market within 30 years, Xia ruofei believed that he would be able to make the business elites and big bosses go after it like a flock of ducks. By then, as long as they understood, they would know that the Drunken Eight Immortals had used the peach blossom company’s technology. This would imperceptibly improve the brand image.

It was the same for the farm. Now, the farm could bring Xia ruofei hundreds of thousands of Yuan of income every month. In the future, when it ran at full capacity, it would only bring about a million Yuan a month at most. This was nothing to Xia ruofei at the moment.

However, the reputation of Taoyuan vegetables had already spread throughout Sanshan city.

The cooperation with the MA family was also in progress. In the future, the name of Peach Garden vegetables would become more and more famous in Hong Kong and the places where the MA family ran their restaurants.

This included the promotion of paradise vegetables in Australia.

Xia ruofei wanted to give people the impression that the products of the Paradise Corporation were all high – end, Grand, and high – end products.

Such an existing impression would be very helpful for his future development in other fields and entering higher – end food ingredients, medicinal herbs, and other industries.

Of course, the pricing strategy that he had agreed on with Ling Xiaotian today was only a preliminary one. It was a general direction. The specifics would be handed over to a professional team to study and verify. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

This included the specific pricing, approval, the name of each grade of liquor, publicity plans, and so on. Xia ruofei would not do all these specific things personally.

The two of them chatted and settled some matters regarding the winery. Ling Qingxue sat quietly at the side and watched her father and her lover discuss. When her gaze fell on Xia ruofei, her eyes would reveal a gentleness and happiness.

It wasn’t until the housekeeper, Madam Chen, had prepared dinner that the two stopped talking and everyone went to the dining room to eat.

Naturally, the two bottles of Drunken Eight Immortals that Xia ruofei had brought were not “spared”. Ling Xiaotian and Xia ruofei each took a bottle and drank every last drop.

These two bottles of Drunken Eight Immortals were high – Quality Kasaya with spirit Heart Flower petal solution added to it for his future father – in – Law. Naturally, Xia ruofei did not dare to take out anything of the same quality.

Ling Xiaotian had a great time drinking. When he heard Xia ruofei say that the Drunken Eight Immortals, which had been improved for a year, would be better than the wine today, his confidence in Xia ruofei’s proposed price of 8888 Yuan per bottle was greatly boosted.