Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3852 Â Visiting the first heaven society again (1)

Â  Â  Ling Qingxue's men had just reached the main entrance of the villa.

Â  Song Wei greeted him with a smile and said,"Qingxue, you only went out because you saw my car passing by your house, right?"

Â  Xia ruofei's and Ling Qingxue's mansions were not far from each other. Xia ruofei's mansion was bigger and was located further in, so most of the cars that came to Xia ruofei's mansion would pass by Ling Qingxue's house.

Â  Ling Qingxue chuckled and said,"you even found out ..."

Â  Li Yifu quickly stepped forward and greeted him respectfully,""Disciple greets master grandmother!"

Â  In front of so many people, Ling Qingxue blushed. Song Qiming, who did not know what was going on, was dumbfounded. He looked at Xia ruofei and asked in confusion,""Ruofei, this ... This ... What's going on?"

Â  "Sensei song, I didn't have time to explain just now. Actually, my seniority in the sect is relatively low, and the cultivation I have today is all because of senior granduncle's nurturing ..." Li Yifu quickly said.

Â  "Grand uncle - Master ..." Song Qiming was stunned for a moment. Then, he looked at Xia ruofei with wide eyes and said,"ruofei, the Grand uncle - Master that old Mr. Li was talking about ... Is you?"

Â  Xia ruofei smiled bitterly and nodded.""Yes! However, this is only the seniority in our sect. Uncle song, you and your foster husband can talk about their own matters, otherwise, your foster husband will have no seniority!"

Â  Actually, Xia ruofei had another hidden meaning. Based on his relationship with Song Wei, song Qiming was one generation older than Song Wei. Strictly speaking, Li Yifu was not as old as song Qiming.

Â  Of course, song Qiming could not tell. He understood it from the words. After all, Xia ruofei called him "uncle song" as well!

Â  Therefore, song Qiming nodded in agreement and said,""Yes, yes, yes! Let's each talk about our own matters. You guys can talk about whatever your own sect wants to talk about. Old Mr. Li and I ..."

Â  "Mr. Song, let's just talk as peers!" Li Yifu quickly said.

Â  According to song Qiming, Li Yifu was already over eighty years old, about the same age as his father. By right, he should be one generation younger than Li Yifu.

Â  Li Yifu could tell as well, so he quickly suggested that they should be friends before song Qiming could finish his sentence.

Â  This was already the limit of Li Yifu's tolerance. He wouldn't dare to let his master's grandmother's father call him uncle even if he was given a few more guts! Moreover, the seniority would really be in chaos.

Â  Xia ruofei laughed and said,"uncle song, let's do as my foster husband says!" In the cultivation world, as long as they were not from the same sect, seniority was basically based on strength. Age did not matter. There were two hundred - year - old golden core cultivators and forty - year - old nascent soul cultivators. When golden core cultivators saw nascent soul cultivators, they would consider themselves as juniors and not seniors just because of their age. Of course, my foster husband's cultivation has already reached the Golden core stage, but uncle song should also break through to the Golden core stage soon. It's only a matter of time, and by then, my foster husband's cultivation will at most be at the middle stage of the Golden core stage, so it's appropriate for you to talk to him as your peers!"

Â  Song Qiming did not know much about the rules in the world of cultivation. Since Xia ruofei had said so, he naturally had no objections. He nodded and said,""Alright! Then I'll listen to you!"

Â  At this moment, Ling Qingxue walked over and held Xia ruofei's arm. She smiled at song Qiming and said,""Uncle song, long time no see!"

Â  On the surface, Ling Qingxue was Xia ruofei's only girlfriend. Hence, she did not have to hide anything from song Qiming. However, it was different for Song Wei. She had to hide it carefully so that song Qiming would not notice anything amiss. Hence, Song Wei was very envious of Ling Qingxue. Vissit novelbin(.)c.ğ’m for updates

Â  Song Qiming also laughed and said,"yeah!" Little Ling, I heard from Wei Wei that you've also reached the Golden core stage. I'm very envious of you two!"

Â  "You'll be able to break through to the Golden core stage soon!" Ling Qingxue smiled and said,"the cultivation technique that RUO Fei prepared for you is of a very high grade. In addition, you don't lack cultivation resources. It's only a matter of time before you break through to the Golden core stage. You've been too busy with work, which resulted in you not having enough time to cultivate every day. Otherwise, you would have broken through long ago!"

Â  "Hahaha! It seems like Wei Wei has told you a lot about my situation!" Song Qiming laughed and said,"I had no choice. I had no choice! I also want to throw away everything to explore the great Dao of cultivation, but I also can't give up the career that I've worked hard for most of my life. For the time being, this is the only thing I can do. I'll try my best to balance it!"

Â  Xia ruofei smiled and said,"uncle song, I have to correct you."

Â  "Oh?" Song Qiming looked curious and said,"please speak!"

Â  Xia ruofei smiled and said,"if you hadn't come into contact with cultivation, there wouldn't be a problem for you to say that you've been working hard for more than half of your life." But now, you're also a cultivator who's about to break through to the Golden core stage. Your life is much longer than that of ordinary people! If your cultivation continues to improve and you reach the nascent Soul Stage, then the first few decades of your work might not even be one - tenth of your lifetime. "

Â  Song Qiming was stunned for a moment. Then, he laughed and said,""RUO Fei's words make sense! I wasn't careful enough!"

Â  Ling Qingxue greeted song Qiming and Luo Qingfeng after exchanging a few pleasantries. Then, she ruffled Tang Haoran's hair and said with a smile,""Haoran has grown so tall! I think it won't be long before you'll be taller than all of us!"