Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3853 Â Another visit to the first heaven society (2)

Â  Song Wei said with a smile,"Haoran's genes are good!" Big brother Tang is handsome and tall, especially his mother. So, Haoran will definitely be tall and handsome in the future! I wonder how many girls will fall for him!"

Â  Tang Haoran was a little embarrassed by Song Wei and Ling Qingxue's teasing. However, both of them were his master's wives. He had no way to resist them. He could only look at Xia ruofei with a bitter face and ask for help.

Â  Xia ruofei smiled and said,"Alright, alright. Let's not just stand in the courtyard. Let's go in!" Pack your things and get ready to set off!"

Â  The group of people followed Xia ruofei into the villa.

Â  The originally spacious living room suddenly felt a little crowded.

Â  "Since everyone is here, let's not waste any more time. Let's go!" Xia ruofei said.

Â  Everyone had their own storage ring. Their daily use and cultivation items were all stored in the storage ring and carried with them. Xia ruofei had developed this habit long ago, so no matter where he went, he did not need to pack much. He could just walk away without any problem.

Â  Everyone had been looking forward to this trip to the first heaven society, so they all agreed.

Â  Thus, the group went to the balcony on the second floor and Xia ruofei released the black Phoenix flying boat.

Â  The flying boat rapidly grew in size and quietly hovered a meter or two above the terrace.

Â  As the black Phoenix flying ship was more than enough to carry these people, the cloud piercing shuttle, which was slightly slower, was no longer needed.

Â  Everyone jumped onto the swift Boat. Xia ruofei was the last one to board the swift Boat. He controlled the swift Boat to slowly rise in altitude, then changed its direction and accelerated towards the North.

Â  The distance between the three mountains and the Mount Tai mountain range where the first heaven society was located was within the borders of China. It would only take two to three hours by plane, and it would be even faster if they used the black Phoenix flying boat. If they were to travel at full speed, they would be able to arrive in about twenty minutes. Therefore, no one went to the cabins. Everyone stayed on the deck, looking down at the mountains and rivers that flew past them with great interest.

Â  Xia ruofei did not let the black Phoenix flying ship rise too high either. It was maintained at an altitude of less than a thousand meters.

Â  If it was an ordinary commercial aircraft, it would naturally be very dangerous to fly at such a low altitude and high speed. After all, the terrain was uneven, and there were many mountains more than a thousand meters above sea level in China, so it was easy to hit the mountains if one was not careful.

Â  However, a nascent Soul Stage cultivator with a Saint spirit realm mind power controlling the flying treasure would not pose any danger.

Â  Xia ruofei's spiritual power had already been released to a distance of ten kilometers away. He could control the flying boat and make corresponding adjustments in any situation. Besides, Xia ruofei had deliberately avoided the areas near the airport while maintaining a direct flight route. Generally speaking, such a low altitude meant that, other than military aircraft training, there were only some flights taking off and landing near the airport. On normal routes, the aircraft's cruising altitude would reach a few thousand meters.

Â  The black Phoenix flying ship continued to fly under the clouds, and everyone was naturally able to feast their eyes on the beautiful scenery of their homeland.

Â  The entire journey took about half an hour. At a little past nine in the morning, the black Phoenix flying boat had already flown into the Mount Tai mountains. Under Xia ruofei's control, the flying boat began to slow down. It agilely flew past the mountains and soon arrived at the valley outside the mountain Gate of the first heaven sect.

Â  At this time, the speed of the airboat was very slow, and the height had been reduced to more than ten meters above the valley. It basically just brushed past the treetops.

Â  From a distance, Xia ruofei and the others could already see the crowd waiting below.

Â  The huge black Phoenix flying ship drew a silent arc in the air before coming to a steady stop a meter above the ground.

Â  Xia ruofei had just left the first heaven society yesterday and had arrived early this morning. However, the first heaven society still treated him with great respect. This time, it was not just Chen Xuan who had come out to welcome him. Even Chen Nanfeng had personally come to look forward to it.

Â  This was already the limit of Li Yifu's tolerance. He wouldn't dare to let his master's grandmother's father call him uncle even if he was given a few more guts! Moreover, the seniority would really be in chaos.

Â  Xia ruofei laughed and said,"uncle song, let's do as my foster husband says!" In the cultivation world, as long as they were not from the same sect, seniority was basically based on strength. Age did not matter. There were two hundred - year - old golden core cultivators and forty - year - old nascent soul cultivators. When golden core cultivators saw nascent soul cultivators, they would consider themselves as juniors and not seniors just because of their age. Of course, my foster husband's cultivation has already reached the Golden core stage, but uncle song should also break through to the Golden core stage soon. It's only a matter of time, and by then, my foster husband's cultivation will at most be at the middle stage of the Golden core stage, so it's appropriate for you to talk to him as your peers!"

Â  Song Qiming did not know much about the rules in the world of cultivation. Since Xia ruofei had said so, he naturally had no objections. He nodded and said,""Alright! Then I'll listen to you!"

Â  At this moment, Ling Qingxue walked over and held Xia ruofei's arm. She smiled at song Qiming and said,""Uncle song, long time no see!"

Â  On the surface, Ling Qingxue was Xia ruofei's only girlfriend. Hence, she did not have to hide anything from song Qiming. However, it was different for Song Wei. She had to hide it carefully so that song Qiming would not notice anything amiss. Hence, Song Wei was very envious of Ling Qingxue.

Â  Song Qiming also laughed and said,"yeah!" Little Ling, I heard from Wei Wei that you've also reached the Golden core stage. I'm very envious of you two!"

Â  "You'll be able to break through to the Golden core stage soon!" Ling Qingxue smiled and said,"the cultivation technique that RUO Fei prepared for you is of a very high grade. In addition, you don't lack cultivation resources. It's only a matter of time before you break through to the Golden core stage. You've been too busy with work, which resulted in you not having enough time to cultivate every day. Otherwise, you would have broken through long ago!"

Â  "Hahaha! It seems like Wei Wei has told you a lot about my situation!" Song Qiming laughed and said,"I had no choice. I had no choice! I also want to throw away everything to explore the great Dao of cultivation, but I also can't give up the career that I've worked hard for most of my life. For the time being, this is the only thing I can do. I'll try my best to balance it!"

Â  Xia ruofei smiled and said,"uncle song, I have to correct you."

Â  "Oh?" Song Qiming looked curious and said,"please speak!"

Â  Xia ruofei smiled and said,"if you hadn't come into contact with cultivation, there wouldn't be a problem for you to say that you've been working hard for more than half of your life." But now, you're also a cultivator who's about to break through to the Golden core stage. Your life is much longer than that of ordinary people! If your cultivation continues to improve and you reach the nascent Soul Stage, then the first few decades of your work might not even be one - tenth of your lifetime. "

Â  Song Qiming was stunned for a moment. Then, he laughed and said,""RUO Fei's words make sense! I wasn't careful enough!"

Â  Ling Qingxue greeted song Qiming and Luo Qingfeng after exchanging a few pleasantries. Then, she ruffled Tang Haoran's hair and said with a smile,""Haoran has grown so tall! I think it won't be long before you'll be taller than all of us!"

Â  Song Wei said with a smile,"Haoran's genes are good!" Big brother Tang is handsome and tall, especially his mother. So, Haoran will definitely be tall and handsome in the future! I wonder how many girls will fall for him!" Findd new ğ’”tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Â  "Since everyone is here, let's not waste any more time. Let's go!" Xia ruofei said.