Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3854 Â Each with their own gains (1)

Â  Â  Xia ruofei did not intend to show off his strength. It was just that he wanted to let everyone close to him enter the seven Star Pavilion to find their own opportunities. After all, even though the weapon spirit of the seven Star Pavilion had basically recognized him, it was not appropriate for him to take the seven Star Pavilion away directly, even if it was secretly. In this way, it would be inconvenient for him to bring people to use the seven Star Pavilion every now and then. The first heaven society had given him a very high level of courtesy, so he could not really take an inch and ask for a mile. He did not treat himself as an outsider.

Â  Therefore, he brought all the cultivators above the Golden core stage with him, which shocked Chen Nanfeng, Chen Xuan, and the others. nÃŠw stğ’ries at nğ’/vel/b/i/n(.)coğ’

Â  Xia ruofei laughed and said,"sect leader Chen, let me introduce you!" This is Li Yifu. He is from the same line as my master, so he can be considered a junior in my sect! These two are Song Wei and Ling Qingxue. They are my friends and have just broken through to the Golden core stage. This is Mr. Song Qiming. Uncle song is Song Wei's father. He has only been in contact with cultivation for a short time, so his cultivation level is not very high. The last one is a disciple I took in a few years ago. His name is Tang Haoran, and his cultivation has just reached the Golden core stage!"

Â  Every time Xia ruofei introduced someone, they would come forward to greet Chen Nanfeng.

Â  The more Chen Nanfeng and Chen Xuan heard, the more shocked they became. They had never heard of so many golden core cultivators, except for Luo Qingfeng. They had no reputation in the world of cultivation, so they immediately thought that these people might have been trained by Xia ruofei in the past few years.

Â  Chen Nanfeng and Chen Xuan were already surprised by Xia ruofei's rapid improvement in cultivation. Now, even the cultivators around him were improving at a godly speed. This was even more unbelievable.

Â  Xia ruofei did not intend to show off his strength. It was just that he wanted to let everyone close to him enter the seven Star Pavilion to find their own opportunities. After all, even though the weapon spirit of the seven Star Pavilion had basically recognized him, it was not appropriate for him to take the seven Star Pavilion away directly, even if it was secretly. In this way, it would be inconvenient for him to bring people to use the seven Star Pavilion every now and then. The first heaven society had given him a very high level of courtesy, so he could not really take an inch and ask for a mile. He did not treat himself as an outsider.

Â  Therefore, he brought all the cultivators above the Golden core stage with him, which shocked Chen Nanfeng, Chen Xuan, and the others.

Â  The more Chen Nanfeng and Chen Xuan heard, the more shocked they became. They had never heard of so many golden core cultivators, except for Luo Qingfeng. They had no reputation in the world of cultivation, so they immediately thought that these people might have been trained by Xia ruofei in the past few years.