Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3855 Â Getting in through the back door (1)

Â  Â  "Fellow Daoist Xia is too polite!" Chen Nanfeng hurriedly replied.

Â  He looked at Xia ruofei in front of him and could not help but feel emotional. Two years ago, Xia ruofei was only in the Golden core stage. At that time, he had just broken through to the nascent Soul Stage and was in high spirits. At that time, Xia ruofei had taken out the precious origin crystals at the critical moment, allowing his breakthrough to be completed smoothly. Thus, out of gratitude and to show their closeness, he had made an agreement with Xia ruofei that he would call Xia ruofei "nephew" and Xia ruofei would call him "Uncle Chen". However, in the blink of an eye, Xia ruofei's cultivation had surpassed his. He was too embarrassed to call him uncle or nephew.

Â  Chen Nanfeng sighed to himself and prepared to activate the seven stars Pavilion.

Â  He suddenly had an idea. He turned around and asked,""By the way, fellow Daoist Xia, I don't think these friends of yours have ever come into contact with the" Mystic origin Scripture,"right?"

Â  Xia ruofei smiled and said,"the" black origin Scripture "is a martial art from Tianyi school. I was lucky enough to learn this martial art. However, how can I teach it to others without your permission?" That's why no one has ever cultivated the mystic origin Scripture. "

Â  Chen Nanfeng couldn't help but say anxiously,""Fellow Daoist Xia, this is not appropriate! We have accumulated many years of experience in challenging the seven Star Pavilion. This ... The disciples who have practiced the "black origin Sutra" will have a higher chance of being recognized by the seven Star Pavilion and improving their talent! If they entered the pavilion just like that, it would be very difficult for them to obtain the artifact Spirit's approval! Moreover, only cultivators who enter the seven Star Pavilion for the first time have the opportunity to improve their talent. Even if they cultivate the "mysterious origin Scripture" and enter again later, they won't have the chance!" FOlloow ğ’ewest stories at nğ’(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Â  At this point, Chen Nanfeng said,""Fellow Daoist Xia, I think it's better not to open the seven Star Pavilion for now! You're going to teach your friends the mystic origin Scripture first. It's not a precious cultivation technique, so why do you still have so many scruples? I don't think this cultivation technique is difficult to understand. I believe that in three to five days 'time, everyone should be able to grasp the initial stage. At that time, when we enter the seven Star Pavilion, our chances will be much greater!"

Â  Xia ruofei smiled and said,"sect leader Chen, let's not go through so much trouble. It's up to your fate whether you can improve your talent or not." I don't think the so - called increase in probability is reliable. Let's just let everyone go in directly!"

Â  "Fellow Daoist Xia, after so many years of research, we've concluded that cultivating the mystic origin Scripture can indeed increase the chances of being recognized by the seven Star Pavilion's Artifact Spirit! Everyone only had one chance, so it was better to be cautious! Fellow Daoist Xia, please reconsider!"

Â  Song Wei and the others also looked at Xia ruofei. However, they were not shaken by Chen Nanfeng's words. No matter what decision Xia ruofei made, they would support and execute it. Their trust in Xia ruofei was unconditional.

Â  "Then ... Sect leader Chen, I'll think about it!" Xia ruofei said after a moment of silence.

Â  Chen Nanfeng was indeed doing this for the good of Song Wei and the others. He really treated Xia ruofei's matter as his own. Otherwise, he would not have mentioned the mystic essence Scripture or authorized Xia ruofei to teach it to the others.

Â  Anyway, he had opened the seven Star Pavilion for Xia ruofei's sake. As for how many people Xia ruofei brought, how many people went in, and how many people could improve their talent, it was none of his business. Even if no one could improve their talent, it was Xia ruofei's business. Moreover, Xia ruofei owed him a favor for this matter.

Â  However, he still owed Xia ruofei a favor, and a big one at that. Something like opening the seven Star Pavilion was naturally not enough for him to return the favor he owed Xia ruofei.

Â  "Fellow Daoist Xia, you'd better consider it carefully!" Chen Nanfeng said,"we have many guest rooms here. Everyone can stay here for a few days and wait until you have successfully cultivated the mystic essence Scripture before entering the seven stars Pavilion. That's the most prudent move!"

Â  "I'll think about it ..." Xia ruofei smiled.

Â  At this moment, Xia ruofei's mind power had already reached the seven Star Pavilion in the center of the back garden. He directly transmitted his voice,""Senior Artifact Spirit! Senior Artifact Spirit!"

Â  Xia ruofei had refined the seven stars order given to him by the artifact Spirit, so his control over the seven stars Pavilion was actually much higher than Chen Nanfeng 's. However, the weapon spirit did not completely recognize Xia ruofei, so it only recognized him as its master. The weapon spirit itself did not recognize him as its master. Xia ruofei could only control the seven stars Pavilion through the seven stars order.

Â  As for the artifact Spirit, it was naturally within the seven Star Pavilion.

Â  Xia ruofei could even guess the weapon Spirit's exact location. This was because after he refined the seven stars order, he could already sense the situation inside the seven stars Pavilion. Furthermore, this sense was much stronger and clearer than Chen Nanfeng 's. However, there were still a few places that were shrouded in fog. Needless to say, those must be the places where the weapon spirit usually resided.

Â  Xia ruofei shouted a few times but did not get any response.

Â  Xia ruofei couldn't help but smile bitterly,"is the weapon spirit in a deep sleep?" If that was the case, they could not let Song Wei and the rest enter the seven Star Pavilion now. The talent of the seven Star Pavilion to transform cultivators was controlled by the artifact Spirit. If the artifact Spirit was asleep, it would be useless even if Song Wei and the rest cultivated the black origin Scripture to the same level as Xia ruofei.