Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3856 Â Back door (2)

Â  Just as Xia ruofei's thoughts were in a mess, the familiar voice of the artifact Spirit rang in his mind. The artifact Spirit said lazily,""What are you doing? Can't you just let me sleep?"

Â  "Senior Artifact Spirit! This junior has come to see you again!" Xia ruofei quickly transmitted his voice.

Â  The artifact Spirit still spoke in a lazy tone,""I know! You're the only one who can contact me directly through voice transmission ... It's only been two years, right? What are you doing here? Don't tell me you've changed your mind and want to take the seven Star Pavilion away?"

Â  "No..." Xia ruofei transmitted his voice awkwardly.

Â  "Then what are you doing here? Don't tell me you want me to recognize you as my master?" The artifact Spirit said,"you're quite talented, kid. You've broken through continuously in such a short time and reached the nascent Soul Stage in your twenties. Even in the golden age of blooming flowers, your achievements are enough to be proud of. But this ... If you want me to recognize you as my master, you're still lacking something!"

Â  Xia ruofei quickly replied,"senior Artifact Spirit, you've misunderstood. I didn't mean it that way!" This time, I'm actually here to bring some of my disciples, disciples, and friends to challenge the seven Star Pavilion! They are all very close to me, so ... So ..."

Â  "So you want me to open a back door for you?" "Yes." The artifact Spirit transmitted,"I'll help you increase their talent, right?"

Â  "Yes, yes, yes! They're all my closest relatives, so I hope senior Artifact Spirit can help me improve their talents as much as possible within your ability! This junior is extremely grateful!" Xia ruofei quickly transmitted his voice.

Â  The artifact Spirit said lazily,"Xia brat, do you know that increasing the talent of cultivators is a waste of energy for me and the seven Star Pavilion itself? you want me to increase the talent of so many people at once, and to the maximum extent that I can do? do you know how great the consumption is?"

Â  "This ..." Xia ruofei was at a loss for words.

Â  Since the artifact Spirit had said so, he could not ask for more. After all, if the consumption was too great, it would damage the seven Star Pavilion and the artifact Spirit. How could he ask the other party to sacrifice himself to help Song Wei and the others?

Â  However, Xia ruofei thought about it again. Almost every disciple of the first heaven society had a chance to enter the seven Star Pavilion. Since only Chen Nanfeng could open and control the seven Star Pavilion, the first heaven society would usually gather enough people to open the seven Star Pavilion again. Among this batch of disciples, many of them had improved their talents. However, the extent of their improvement varied. It was a kind of consumption for the seven Star Pavilion and the weapon spirit!

Â  Moreover, this kind of consumption happened every year, so why would the artifact Spirit still do this? It could go on a "strike," and the people of the first heaven society couldn't do anything to it.

Â  But the artifact Spirit did not do so.

Â  The only explanation was that this kind of consumption could actually be replenished. Perhaps Chen Nanfeng had consumed so much energy when he opened the seven Star Pavilion, but it was actually absorbed by the seven Star Pavilion to replenish his own consumption.

Â  At the thought of this, Xia ruofei immediately transmitted his voice,""Senior Artifact Spirit, if you have any losses, this junior can compensate you. You can name a price, and as long as this junior can take it out, I will definitely not say anything. However, it is not easy for these friends of mine to obtain a chance to improve their talent, so please take care of them!"

Â  "Wouldn't it have been fine if you had said so earlier?" The artifact Spirit immediately said,"the compensation for the consumption is actually quite simple. The vital Qi of a nascent soul cultivator is the best tonic. That's why every time the seven stars Pavilion opens, I'll suck that Chen Nanfeng dry until he's in a state of ecstasy ..."

Â  Xia ruofei couldn't help but break out in a cold sweat. The artifact Spirit's words were quite graphic ...

Â  He couldn't help but silently sympathize with Chen Nanfeng.

Â  However, his sympathy only lasted for a moment. He immediately transmitted a message,""Senior Artifact Spirit, in that case, you can also absorb Chen Nanfeng's vital Qi to your heart's content this time. He'll also be the one to open the seven stars Pavilion this time!"

Â  At this time, he would betray his teammates when he needed to. He absolutely could not be soft - hearted.

Â  The artifact Spirit replied,"what are you thinking, kid?" "When he opened the seven Star Pavilion in the past, I only picked a few disciples who I liked and had a decent understanding of the mysterious origin Scripture to improve their talent! Would there be any consumption? This time, you're asking me to go all out and do my best to raise all of your friends to the limit. Can the consumption be the same? What profit do I still have from this?"

Â  Xia ruofei almost burst out laughing. So every time Chen Nanfeng opened the seven stars Pavilion, the artifact Spirit would take the opportunity to absorb more vital Qi to replenish itself! It was doing business by improving the talent of the first heaven society's disciples. No wonder the first heaven society was able to keep going. Every time the seven Star Pavilion opened, a portion of the disciples 'talent would be improved.

Â  However, since the artifact Spirit had a clear request, it was easy to handle.

Â  Xia ruofei replied without hesitation,""Then you can just absorb more. Chen Nanfeng will be able to replenish it after cultivating for a while ..." DiisCoover ğ’–pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)coğ’

Â  The artifact Spirit also resolutely replied,"don't even think about it!" Most of your friends are at the Golden core stage, right? How many were there in total? Let me see ... Five Jindan and one lianqi, right? I'll do my best to improve everyone's talent. How much will it consume? Chen Nanfeng only has so much Yuan Qi, I can't really suck him dry! There's no profit in this business, I'm not doing it!"

Â  Xia ruofei didn't know whether to laugh or cry. It turned out that this weapon spirit wouldn't let go of its prey until it saw it. It had to give it some vitality.

Â  However, in order for Song Wei and the rest to improve their talents, Xia ruofei would not be stingy with his vital Qi. He directly transmitted his voice,""Senior Artifact Spirit, then this junior will also release some Yuan Qi for you to absorb. What do you think?"

Â  "I was waiting for you to say that!" The artifact Spirit giggled and said,"as long as there's enough vital Qi, there won't be a problem!"

Â  "However, sect leader Chen is controlling the seven Star Pavilion. Will he notice if I release my Yuan Qi into the seven Star Pavilion?" Xia ruofei couldn't help but ask worriedly.

Â  "You don't have to worry about that. With me here, how could he possibly detect it?" The artifact Spirit said without a care.

Â  Then, the artifact Spirit immediately sent another message,"However ... Helping you raise everyone's talent to the limit that I can raise will consume a lot of energy. If you and Chen Nanfeng's combined Yuan Qi isn't enough, then I'll have to increase it a little less. In short, I'll do as much as I charge!"

Â  Xia ruofei laughed bitterly to himself, thinking that this weapon spirit was really stingy! Was it really that exhausting to help people improve their talents?

Â  He couldn't help but feel a little uneasy. If he really didn't have enough Yuan Qi, wouldn't he have missed this great opportunity? Moreover, everyone could only be upgraded once. Even if they cultivated their Yuan Qi back and replenished it, it would be impossible for them to upgrade again.

Â  This was determined by the characteristics of the seven stars Pavilion and the cultivator's physique, and it was not something that the artifact Spirit could change.

Â  Xia ruofei felt that he should not take the risk.

Â  Therefore, he was a little troubled ... But soon, an idea flashed in his mind, and he quickly sent a voice transmission,""Senior Artifact Spirit, what if it's liquefied elemental essence that's even purer and denser than elemental energy? Will that work?"

Â  "You can directly expel the liquefied elemental essence from your body?" The artifact Spirit's tone was filled with disbelief, but he still said,"of course, liquefied elemental essence is even better! However, I highly suspect that you can't do it ..."

Â  Xia ruofei chuckled and took out a bottle of liquefied elemental essence from the spirit map space. However, he hid it in his palm and used his body as a cover to ensure that no one would see it.

Â  "Senior Artifact Spirit, please check the Jade bottle in my hand," he said via voice transmission.

Â  The artifact Spirit was silent for a moment, and then exclaimed,""Damn...It really is liquefied elemental essence! And it was pure, purified liquefied elemental essence! You have quite a lot of good stuff on you!"

Â  "Senior Artifact Spirit, do you think this liquefied elemental essence can be used as a replacement for vital Qi as compensation?" Xia ruofei asked.

Â  "He's too capable!" The artifact Spirit did not hesitate to send a voice transmission,"give me the entire bottle! I promise that within my ability, I will do my best to help your friend improve his talent. There will be no slacking! You can rest assured! I swear on my Artifact Spirit's honor that I will do as I say!"