Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3857 Full improvement_1

Xia ruofei replied without hesitation," "Deal!"

Although the liquefied elemental essence was precious, Xia ruofei had an abundance of it. At least, it would not be a problem for him to break through to the primordial soul Stage. It would not matter even if he lost one or two bottles by then. It was just that he would need a little more time to cultivate in the early stages. Absorbing spiritual energy would achieve the same effect. He only needed to save enough liquefied elemental essence for his breakthrough.

Therefore, it was not unacceptable to take out a bottle to trade with the artifact Spirit.

Especially when Xia ruofei could not guarantee that his Yuan Qi would be enough for the weapon spirit to absorb. Using a bottle of liquefied elemental essence to buy insurance for Song Wei and the others, to ensure that they could all improve their talents, and that the weapon spirit would do its best to help them improve their talents. This was a great deal.

Xia ruofei couldn't help but ask," "Right. Senior Artifact Spirit, how should I give you the liquefied elemental essence? It's best not to let the people of the first heaven sect find out that I have a connection with the seven Star Pavilion.

"Isn't that simple?" The artifact Spirit said,"pass this bottle of liquefied elemental essence to one of your friends who will be entering the seven Star Pavilion in a while. Tell him to open the Jade bottle after he comes in. You don't have to worry about anything else!"

"No problem!" Xia ruofei said without hesitation,"then it's a deal!"

"It's a deal!" The artifact Spirit said very straightforwardly.

On the side, Chen Nanfeng and the others saw Xia ruofei standing there silently. They thought he was weighing the pros and cons, so they didn't rush him and waited quietly.nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

"Sect leader Chen, I've given it some thought. Let's just let everyone enter the seven Star Pavilion directly!" Xia ruofei said after a while.

Chen Nanfeng could not help but say,"fellow Daoist Xia, you'd better consider this carefully. I can help you open the seven stars Pavilion multiple times. However, everyone only has one chance to improve their talent. No matter how many times you enter it in the future, it will be of no use.

Xia ruofei smiled and said, "I've thought it through!" Let's do this! My friends are busy and need to go back as soon as possible. There's no need to waste a few more days for an illusory opportunity to increase the probability!"

Chen Nanfeng sighed and said," "Alright! I respect your choice!"

He had already said what he wanted to say and had done his best. Since Xia ruofei had made his choice, he naturally could not say too much. Otherwise, Xia ruofei would easily misunderstand that he was trying to sow discord and destroy the relationship between Xia ruofei and his friend.

Chen Nanfeng looked around and said, ""Since fellow Daoist Xia has already made his decision, I will now open the seven Star Pavilion. Fellow Daoists, please make your preparations. After the seven Star Pavilion opens, you can enter through the main door in order. Fellow Daoist Xia has already explained the specific details to you, so I will not repeat them again!"

"Thank you for your trouble, sect leader Chen!" Xia ruofei said with a smile.

Chen Nanfeng walked to a futon at the side and sat down cross-legged. He waved his palm and sent a stream of vital Qi into the seven Star Pavilion.

The seven Star Pavilion rapidly grew in size. In a short while, it had returned to the size of a normal Pavilion. It just so happened to fill up the empty space in the middle of the garden.

Xia ruofei took the opportunity to give Song Wei a look. The two of them retreated to the side. Xia ruofei passed the bottle of liquefied elemental essence to Song Wei and said, "Weiwei, put this bottle of liquefied elemental essence into your storage ring!"

Song Wei did not hesitate. When Xia ruofei finished his sentence, she had already kept the liquefied elemental essence.

Then, Xia ruofei continued," "Wei Wei, you don't have to say anything, just listen to me!"

Song Wei nodded her head lightly.

Xia ruofei continued, "bring this bottle of liquefied elemental essence into the seven Star Pavilion. You will be transported to a separate space. After the transfer is complete, take this bottle of liquefied elemental essence out of the storage ring and open the bottle cap. You don't have to worry about anything else. Also... No matter what happens, don't act rashly. Remember to put the empty bottle back into the storage ring!"

Song Wei nodded. Even though she was curious, she did not say anything to Xia ruofei.

She knew that Xia ruofei did not allow her to speak because he was worried that she would leak some information. The voice transmission was not 100% confidential. If the other party's spiritual power was obviously much stronger, they might be able to eavesdrop on the contents of the voice transmission.

Xia ruofei's spiritual power had reached the Saint spirit realm. Naturally, no one could eavesdrop on his voice transmission.

However, Song Wei was only at the late - Stage of the spirit gathering realm. There was an early - Stage nascent soul cultivator present, and Chen Nanfeng's spiritual power was clearly higher than Song Wei's by a whole realm.

Even though the possibility of Chen Nanfeng eavesdropping on Song Wei was extremely low, Song Wei would not let her guard down since Xia ruofei was so cautious.

Anyway, Xia ruofei had already made it very clear. She did not know why she was doing this, but she knew that as long as she followed Xia ruofei's instructions, she would be right.

Song Wei had her own suspicions as well. She knew that Xia ruofei had already been acknowledged by the weapon spirit, but it had not fully acknowledged him as its master. Hence, it was highly possible that she was only acting as a Messenger in the interaction between Xia ruofei and the weapon spirit.

No matter how curious she was, Song Wei would hold back her curiosity and wait until they left the heavenly sect to ask.