Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3858 Â Full power upgrade_2

Â  On the other side, Chen Nanfeng had already completely opened the seven Star Pavilion.

Â  He said in a deep voice,"alright, everyone can enter the seven Star Pavilion!" As for what you'll gain after entering, it'll depend on your own luck. I can only wish everyone good luck!"

Â  Xia ruofei nodded and gestured to Song Wei. Song Wei was the first one to walk into the seven Star Pavilion.

Â  The others also followed one after another. After a while, they entered the seven Star Pavilion in a single file and disappeared from the entrance one by one.

Â  Xia ruofei had already refined the seven stars order. Naturally, he could sense the situation in the seven stars Pavilion. In fact, his senses were much clearer than Chen Nanfeng 's.

Â  In fact, Xia ruofei could be more meticulous than Chen Nanfeng in controlling the seven Star Pavilion.

Â  However, Xia ruofei did not want Chen Nanfeng and the others to know that he was in control of the seven Star Pavilion. Hence, he would leave the opening of the seven Star Pavilion to Chen Nanfeng. Xia ruofei would not interfere.

Â  Of course, he would not really ignore everything. At the very least, he would monitor the entire situation in the seven Star Pavilion.

Â  Even though the probability of danger was extremely low, Xia ruofei could not ignore it. He had to keep an eye on the situation inside so that he could respond at the first moment when danger arose.

Â  If that really happened, he naturally would not have the time to expose the fact that he could control the seven Star Pavilion.

Â  Xia ruofei could clearly sense that Song Wei and the rest were sent to different independent spaces after they entered the seven Star Pavilion.

Â  Of course, these independent spaces all belonged to the same area. nÃŠw stğ’ries at nğ’/vel/b/i/n(.)coğ’

Â  Furthermore, Xia ruofei was very familiar with this area. Two years ago, when Chen Nanfeng had broken through to the nascent Soul Stage, he gave all the cultivators who attended the ceremony a chance to enter the seven Star Pavilion. At that time, everyone was sent to this area. Only Xia ruofei, after improving his talent, was sent to another area. There, he could receive treasures from the seven Star Pavilion.

Â  The people who came today were all Xia ruofei's friends. In reality, they had nothing to do with Chen Nanfeng. He was just giving Xia ruofei face, so naturally, he could not be as meticulous as he was to Xia ruofei. He would only send everyone to this area to improve their talents. After the improvement, he would send them out. He would not send the Golden core cultivators to the area to obtain Dharma Treasures again.

Â  After all, the seven Star Pavilion was only a Dharma Treasure. They couldn't forge their own Dharma Treasures, so there was a limit to the number of Dharma Treasures they had. It could be said that the more one was used, the less one would be. No matter how big the first heavenly sect was, Chen Nanfeng couldn't be so generous as to give Song Wei and the others a Dharma Treasure each.

Â  Of course, Xia ruofei could understand this. He might not even be interested in the magical equipment in the seven Star Pavilion.

Â  The people close to him followed him, so they naturally did not lack talismans.

Â  The flying swords of Song Wei and the others were all of high quality. There might be better ones in the seven Star Pavilion, but the chances were very low. Most of them were of average quality. To Xia ruofei, they were not attractive at all.

Â  What he valued the most was naturally the ability to help everyone improve their talent.

Â  This would benefit everyone's future cultivation for a lifetime. No matter how high one's cultivation was, the stronger one's talent was, the higher the chances of breaking through.

Â  Xia ruofei's focus was still on Song Wei.

Â  After Song Wei was transported to the independent space, she immediately followed Xia ruofei's instructions and took out the bottle of liquefied elemental essence from her storage ring.

Â  Xia ruofei could even sense that the moment the bottle of liquefied elemental essence appeared, the small space seemed to fluctuate slightly. The small area where the bottle of liquefied elemental essence was located was suddenly shrouded in a dense fog.

Â  Xia ruofei knew that the artifact Spirit must have concealed it to avoid Chen Nanfeng's detection.

Â  In reality, Chen Nanfeng's sense of the situation within the seven Star Pavilion was very vague. He could roughly tell where each person was. In Song Wei's small space, the artifact Spirit had only strengthened the shielding of the bottle of origin liquid. Chen Nanfeng did not even notice it at all.

Â  Song Wei opened the Jade bottle that contained the liquefied elemental essence.

Â  Immediately, an invisible suction force appeared, and the liquefied elemental essence within the Jade bottle was sucked out. As soon as it left the Jade bottle, it mysteriously disappeared.

Â  From Song Wei's point of view, the liquefied elemental essence in the Jade bottle continued to drop. In at most a few seconds, there was not a single drop left.

Â  Naturally, Song Wei was extremely shocked when she saw this.

Â  However, she still remembered Xia ruofei's instructions. No matter what happened, she sat still and waited until the liquefied elemental essence was completely absorbed before she closed the bottle and kept the empty bottle in her storage ring as Xia ruofei had instructed.

Â  Then, she sat down cross - legged and started to circulate the "absolute beginning Heart Sutra".

Â  This was what Xia ruofei had specifically told her.

Â  In fact, after Ling Qingxue and the others were sent to the independent space, they did the same thing.

Â  Ling Qingxue cultivated the absolute beginning Heart Sutra while Li Yifu, song Qiming, Tang Haoran, and Luo Qingfeng each cultivated their own techniques. On the way to the first heaven society, Xia ruofei had already briefly introduced the seven Star Pavilion to everyone, including the practices and precautions after entering the seven Star Pavilion. He had explained everything in detail, and everyone just followed his instructions.