Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3860 Â Unified calibrant_1

nÃŠw stğ’ries at nğ’/vel/b/i/n(.)coğ’

Â  Â  In fact, based on past experience, Chen Nanfeng knew that regardless of whether the seven Star Pavilion's cultivators had their talents upgraded or not, there was already an outcome after such a long time. However, Song Wei and the others were brought by Xia ruofei. Furthermore, the total number of people was relatively small, so the consumption of Yuan Qi was still within his tolerance range. Hence, he did not rush everyone.

Â  It was because of this that Song Wei and the others were able to successfully complete the whole process of improving their talent. The artifact Spirit was a man of his word. Within the scope of his ability, he combined everyone's physical characteristics and did his best to help them improve their talent. Therefore, it took him more time than the disciples of the first heaven society who entered the seven Star Pavilion to improve their talent.

Â  It was only when everyone's talent had been raised to the point where it could no longer be raised that the weapon spirit began to slow down the speed at which it absorbed vital Qi.

Â  Chen Nanfeng had encountered such a situation before, so he judged that the opening of the seven Star Pavilion was coming to an end.

Â  He focused his mind and continued to inject his vital Qi until the seven Star Pavilion stopped absorbing his vital Qi. Only then did he send a voice transmission to remind everyone that this trip to the seven Star Pavilion was over. With his limited control over the seven Star Pavilion, it was not a problem for him to send a voice transmission to the cultivators in the pavilion.

Â  This was truly a good beginning and a good end. In the past, when there were more people, Chen Nanfeng's yuan Qi might not be able to last until the end. In many cases, he judged that the time was almost up, so he would remind everyone and then teleport them out.

Â  Song Wei and the others had no idea if their talent had improved or how much it had improved.

Â  They were worried that they would waste such a precious opportunity.

Â  However, Xia ruofei had instructed them on the way here. They knew what to do at every step. They knew that they could not feel the changes in their bodies at this stage, so they were not in a hurry.

Â  Even if they noticed that their talents had improved, they had to follow Xia ruofei's instructions and not reveal it.

Â  Xia ruofei even told them not to try to comprehend any martial arts in the seven Star Pavilion or even before they left the first heaven sect. It was best not to do anything related to cultivation or comprehension. Otherwise, they might end up like Lu You when they were in a state of enlightenment due to the huge increase in their talent.

Â  One or two was fine, but if four or five out of six people were in an epiphany, that was obviously abnormal.

Â  After a while, the artifact Spirit had almost stopped absorbing Chen Nanfeng's vital Qi.

Â  Chen Nanfeng knew that it was time for the opening of the seven Star Pavilion. He informed everyone through voice transmission and then sent them to the entrance of the seven Star Pavilion.

Â  Song Wei and the rest walked out of the seven Star Pavilion in a single file. Looking at the beautiful back garden, everyone felt as if it was a lifetime ago.

Â  Xia ruofei was very confident that everyone's talents had improved to the maximum extent possible. Hence, when everyone came out, he immediately sent a voice transmission to everyone, reminding them not to think about the contents of the cultivation technique rashly. He even set a relatively reasonable result for everyone. Tang Haoran, Song Wei, and Ling Qingxue's talents had improved by a large extent. Song Qiming's talent had also improved slightly. On the other hand, Li Yifu and Qingfeng Luo did not gain anything.

Â  This was a more reasonable result. Hence, when everyone was undergoing the transformation to improve their talents, Xia ruofei had already thought about it. Once everyone came out, he would use the same voice transmission.

Â  After Song Wei and the others left the seven Star Pavilion, Chen Nanfeng quickly shrunk the seven Star Pavilion and stood up.

Â  Song Wei and the others bowed slightly to Chen Nanfeng and said in unison,""Thank you, sect leader Chen, for your help!"

Â  Chen Nanfeng looked tired, but he still smiled and said,""Fellow Daoists, you're too polite! You're fellow Daoist Xia's friends, so you're also my friends. There's no need for such formalities between friends!"

Â  Xia ruofei chuckled and said,"we still have to thank him. After all, sect leader Chen has consumed a lot of Yuan Qi to open the seven Star Pavilion. It will take a lot of time to replenish this Yuan Qi. Time is the most precious thing now."

Â  Chen Nanfeng laughed and said,"that's true!" I'm also feeling a great sense of urgency right now!"

Â  As Chen Xuan was still present and Chen Nanfeng did not know if Xia ruofei's friends knew about Xia ruofei's breakthrough to the nascent Soul Stage, he did not make it very clear. His words had a hidden meaning behind them, implying that Xia ruofei's cultivation had already surpassed his and that she had caught up. Naturally, he was filled with urgency. At the same time, what Xia ruofei had told him yesterday about the critical situation in Earth's cultivation world had also increased his sense of urgency.

Â  However, only he and Xia ruofei could understand these things. The others could not.

Â  Chen Nanfeng then asked with concern,""By the way, fellow Daoists, how was your harvest in the seven Star Pavilion? Will there be an increase in talent?"

Â  According to Xia ruofei's voice transmission, Song Wei, Ling Qingxue, Tang Haoran, and song Qiming all nodded their heads. Song Qiming said with a hint of shame,""I seem to have improved, but not by much. Perhaps my potential is really limited ..."

Â  On the other hand, Qingfeng Luo and Yifu li shook their heads with a hint of frustration.

Â  "I don't seem to have changed at all," Luo Qingfeng said with a sigh."Also, I found three spiritual crystals in the seven Star Pavilion ..."