Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3861 Â Uniform caliblation_2

Â  Li Yifu smiled bitterly."I'm about the same as sect leader Luo. I got a crystal. It's a consolation prize!"

Â  This was what Xia ruofei had taught them. Even their storage rings really had spirit crystals and origin crystals, which had been given to them by Xia ruofei. If Chen Nanfeng really wanted to take a look, they could take them out.

Â  Of course, Chen Nanfeng naturally wouldn't get to the bottom of it. He didn't expect that each of them could improve their talent, so he didn't doubt their words at all.

Â  In fact, out of the six people who went in, four of them had their talents improved. Among the four of them, other than song Qiming who said that his talent had improved by a small margin, Song Wei, Ling Qingxue, and Tang Haoran did not say anything. This meant that the three of them had gained a lot. Such a success rate had already left Chen Nanfeng speechless.

Â  He couldn't help but envy Xia ruofei. Without a doubt, Song Wei and the other three's talents would soon reach a new height. Xia ruofei's cultivation was already so high, and he had so many elite soldiers by his side. If Xia ruofei wanted to dominate the world of cultivation, no one would dare to look down on them when they worked together. They could definitely stir up a storm. FOlloow ğ’ewest stories at nğ’(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Â  Of course, Chen Nanfeng already knew that the world of cultivation might be facing a major crisis, so he knew that Xia ruofei would not be interested in dominating the world of cultivation. Even he himself didn't want to fight for hegemony anymore. He wanted to improve his cultivation as much as possible. Regardless of whether he could contribute to the cultivation world in the future, at least he would be able to protect himself when the crisis came. At the same time, he wanted to preserve the strength of the first heaven sect as much as possible.

Â  "It seems like everyone's luck is pretty good!" Chen Nanfeng smiled and said,"indeed, people are divided into groups. Fellow Daoist Xia's friends are all outstanding! Congratulations!"

Â  "Many thanks, sect leader Chen!" Song Wei and the rest said in unison.

Â  Chen Nanfeng then looked at Luo Qingfeng and Li Yifu and said with a smile,""There's no need to be discouraged, fellow Daoists. This is actually an opportunity. If you can't improve your talent, it means that this opportunity doesn't belong to you. There are many golden core stage elders in the first heaven society. When they first entered the seven Star Pavilion, their talents didn't improve either. However, this doesn't affect their rapid growth in the future! In addition, with fellow Daoist Xia's assistance, your future cultivation path will definitely be smooth!"

Â  Qingfeng Luo and Yifu li also thanked him.

Â  Xia ruofei could tell that Chen Nanfeng was genuinely consoling the two of them. He could not help but feel a little ashamed. However, it did not make sense for all six of them to improve their talents by a large margin. If he were to tell the truth, it would inevitably cause Chen Nanfeng to make all sorts of guesses. Hence, they had to say the same thing to avoid more trouble. Furthermore, this trouble was related to the seven Star Pavilion. If they really wanted to get to the bottom of it ... Then, strictly speaking, the seven Star Pavilion belonged to Xia ruofei! So, this was at most a white lie.

Â  "Fellow Daoist Xia, the opening of the seven stars Pavilion this time has a rather satisfactory result," Chen Nanfeng said. If you have nothing to do, you can stay in the first heaven society for a few days. I'll let Xuan 'er accompany you around. The scenery here is quite good!"

Â  Xia ruofei cupped his hands and said,"thank you for your kind offer, sect leader Chen. However, we both have many things to do. Furthermore, uncle song has a job in the secular world and can't leave for long. So, we won't bother you this time. If there's a chance, we'll come and visit again!"

Â  "Fellow Daoist Xia, no matter how busy you are, you shouldn't be so busy that you don't even have time to eat, right?" Chen Nanfeng said. I've already ordered people to prepare a banquet. This is the first time your friends have come to my heavenly sect, so I have to at least treat you to a meal. Otherwise, it would be too impolite! Besides, Valley leader Liu and her disciple will be attending at noon as well. You're all friends with miss Lu, so you can't just leave without saying goodbye, right?"

Â  Chen Nanfeng had already made it clear that Xia ruofei would be unreasonable if she refused.

Â  He nodded and said,"then I'll do as you say!" However, we really can't stay here overnight. We have to return after lunch. Please forgive us, sect leader Chen!"

Â  Chen Nanfeng chuckled and said,"good, good, good!" Let's do this! There's still some time before lunch, so let Xuan 'er bring you around the mountain!"

Â  "Alright!" Xia ruofei bowed slightly and said,"sect leader Chen, you should also take a good rest and recover. You must have used a lot of energy to open the seven Star Pavilion!"

Â  Chen Nanfeng smiled and nodded.

Â  Chen Xuan led everyone out of the Empyrean one Pavilion. Chen Nanfeng had been the one to receive them personally. As the young sect master, he was just a bystander. In front of his father, he was also a little reserved.

Â  Now that Chen Nanfeng was in the quiet room of the Empyrean one Pavilion to recover, Chen Xuan was obviously more relaxed. He walked up the mountain with Xia ruofei and the others, chatting and laughing. He brought them to visit all the beautiful places in the sect.

Â  The first heaven society was rich in natural energy, and the vegetation was very lush. The mountains and rivers were beautiful, and it was definitely a place with excellent scenery. It was no exaggeration to say that the scenery here was much more beautiful than the Mount Tai Scenic Area that had already been developed. Everyone was amazed as they visited.

Â  This was especially true for song Qiming and Tang Haoran, who were entering a cultivation sect for the first time. Everything they saw was new to them. Whether it was the beautiful natural scenery or the exquisite ancient buildings, they were all eye - openers.

Â  Everyone chatted as they visited the place. Xia ruofei also talked about how Chen Xuan had applied for a job at his company in order to gain experience in the world of mortals. Everyone felt that it was very refreshing. As for song Qiming, who had been training in the world of mortals, he could not understand why cultivators could not cultivate in the mountains but had to train in the world of mortals to have greater breakthroughs.

Â  Of course, he had not reached the stage yet. In the future, when he broke through to Jindan or even Yuanying, he would feel that his decades of experience in the officialdom was actually very helpful to his cultivation.

Â  Before they knew it, it was already noon. Chen Xuan brought Xia ruofei and the rest back to the Empyrean one Pavilion.

Â  Liu Mansha and Lu You had just returned as well. Song Wei and Ling Qingxue ran over naturally, and the three beautiful women were chatting away enthusiastically.

Â  Everyone waited for a while before Chen Nanfeng came out of the quiet room. He seemed to have recovered a lot, but his face was still a little pale. It was obvious that he had consumed a lot of Yuan Qi and couldn't recover in a short time. He would need to rest for a few days at least.

Â  Once Chen Nanfeng came out, the luncheon had officially begun.

Â  The luncheon still used a separate dining system. There was a small table in front of everyone, and all kinds of exquisite dishes were served. Many of them were made with ingredients unique to the cultivation world. Not only were they fragrant and delicious, but they were also helpful to cultivation.

Â  Not only song Qiming and Tang Haoran, but even song Wei, Ling Qingxue, and Li Yifu had never seen such a high - Class banquet before.

Â  It was no exaggeration to say that if an ordinary person in the secular world ate at such a banquet, they would definitely strengthen their body and prolong their life. If they ate a few more times, it would not be a problem to live to a hundred years old.

Â  The wild ginseng and other super tonics of the secular world were not worth a penny compared to this banquet.

Â  At the banquet, everyone ate and drank as they chatted about the cultivation world. The atmosphere was very harmonious. The interesting things that Xia ruofei, Chen Nanfeng, and Liu Mansha talked about were very new to Song Wei, Ling Qingxue, song Qiming, Tang Haoran, and even Li Yifu. They were different from the cultivators as they knew more about the secular world. He didn't separate himself from the ordinary people of the secular world, so when he heard some things about the cultivation world, he felt particularly novel and even felt like he had transmigrated.