Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3862 Â Group epiphany (1)

Â  Â  Before they knew it, the banquet was coming to an end.

Â  Xia ruofei was looking for a suitable opportunity to bid farewell to Chen Nanfeng, have a drink with everyone, and then leave. At this moment, Song Wei smiled and said to Lu You, who was sitting beside her,""Youyou, do you have any plans after you've refined your true Qi in the first heaven society?"

Â  Lu You looked at her teacher, Liu Mansha, and said,""I don't have any other arrangements for the time being. I might return to the flying flower Valley with teacher to cultivate for a period of time."

Â  "Then why don't you find some time to stay with us for a few days?" Song Wei asked with a smile. RUO Fei has found a good place, we usually cultivate there. "

Â  Xia ruofei was sitting opposite song Wei and Lu You. He was surprised when he heard this and looked at Song Wei.

Â  However, he knew that Song Wei knew her limits, so he didn't say anything to stop her. However, he was also a little apprehensive. He didn't know why Song Wei invited Lu You. If Lu You really stayed on the peach source Island for a few days, it would definitely be awkward for everyone to interact with each other.

Â  After Lu You heard Song Wei's words, she was naturally a little moved. Her beautiful eyes first glanced at Xia ruofei, then at Liu Mansha. It was obvious that she could not make the decision herself. It was better to let her teacher make the decision.

Â  After Lu You heard Song Wei's words, she was naturally a little moved. Her beautiful eyes first glanced at Xia ruofei, then at Liu Mansha. It was obvious that she could not make the decision herself. It was better to let her teacher make the decision.

Â  Liu Mansha said with a smile,"Youyou, since miss song has invited you so graciously, why don't you go and be a guest for a few days after you're done with your business here? fellow Daoist Xia, miss song, and miss Ling's cultivation levels are much higher than yours. They can also guide you well in your cultivation."

Â  "Yes, teacher!" Lu You nodded and said. Then, she hesitated and said,"but ..."

Â  Lu You looked like she wanted to say something but stopped. Her gaze landed on Xia ruofei. Her meaning was clear.

Â  Xia ruofei could not help but smile bitterly. He looked at Song Wei with some resentment, then cleared his throat and said,"Lu You, if it's convenient for you, we'll welcome you anytime! At that time, everyone can also exchange their cultivation experience!"

Â  Lu You was instantly in high spirits and her face flushed red. She immediately said,""Mm! Then I'll go and bother you for a few days!"

Â  Ling Qingxue chuckled and said,"that's great!" This way, everyone would have company! Youyou, you've been in the first heaven society for the past few days, right? How many days is it estimated to take? When the time comes, I'll have RUO Fei come to pick you up personally!"

Â  The shyness on Lu You's face intensified. She lowered her head slightly and said,""It'll probably take another four to five days!"

Â  Xia ruofei sighed to himself, then squeezed out a smile and said,""Alright! I'll come pick you up in five days!"

Â  "En!" Lu You nodded her head heavily. She felt as if her heart was about to jump out of her chest.

Â  Xia ruofei looked at his two close female friends. He could not say anything in front of so many people, especially when Song Wei's father, song Qiming, was also present. It was even more inconvenient to talk about these things.

Â  Since this was not an urgent matter, there was no need to communicate with her telepathically. He thought about it and decided to wait until they returned to Peach Blossom Island. When they were alone, he would ask her what she was up to!

Â  At this time, Chen Nanfeng saw that it was almost time, so he smiled and raised his glass.""Fellow Daoist Xia, since you're all in a hurry, I won't keep you any longer. Let's have another drink together! This cup of wine will be a farewell wine. I wish you a smooth journey!"

Â  "Many thanks, sect leader Chen!" Everyone picked up their glasses and stood up.

Â  After finishing the last cup of reunion wine, Chen Nanfeng wanted to personally send Xia ruofei and the others out of the mountain Gate. Xia ruofei quickly stopped him."Sect leader Chen, please wait! The juniors can't afford it! Besides, you've consumed a lot of Yuan Qi today, so you should rest well! Just let brother Chen Xuan send us out!"

Â  Hearing Xia ruofei's words, Chen Nanfeng did not force her. He told Chen Xuan to send everyone out of the mountain Gate, then he returned to the quiet room in the side hall to continue his recovery.

Â  In the afternoon, Lu You still had to enter the origin void formation to refine her true Qi. Thus, she and Liu Mansha bade farewell to Xia ruofei and the rest in front of the Empyrean one Pavilion.

Â  Chen Xuan personally sent everyone to the valley outside the mountain Gate. Xia ruofei took out the black Phoenix flying boat and everyone jumped onto it.

Â  Everyone stood by the side of the deck and waved goodbye to Chen Xuan.

Â  The black - Phoenix flying ship slowly rose into the air, then suddenly increased its speed as it sped towards the southeast.

Â  None of them entered the cabin. Instead, they stood on the deck, all of them feeling excited.

Â  Xia ruofei diverted some of his attention to control the flying boat. Then, he smiled and said,""I'm sure everyone's harvest this time is not small!"

Â  Everyone revealed a knowing smile. Ling Qingxue smiled and said,""In any case, our talent should have improved, but we don't know how much it has improved. Didn't you tell us not to comprehend the cultivation method?"

Â  Li Yifu also said honestly,""Senior granduncle, I don't know if my talent has improved. Everything has yet to be verified ..." nÃŠw stğ’ries at nğ’/vel/b/i/n(.)coğ’

Â  Luo Qingfeng, song Qiming, and the others all nodded.

Â  In fact, they themselves were not confident. After all, talent was not like cultivation. There was a specific and objective standard to measure. Even if one's cultivation increased by a little, they would be able to detect it very quickly.

Â  The few of them felt that they were too old and their talents were average. They did not know if they would not be able to gain the recognition of the seven Star Pavilion's weapon spirit. However, Xia ruofei did not tell everyone that he had already made a deal with the weapon spirit in private. No matter what their original talents were, this time, they would have the greatest improvement on their original foundation.