Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3864 Â The situation is good (1)

Â  Everyone sat in an arc in front of Xia ruofei, staring at him.

Â  Xia ruofei smiled and said,""The path of cultivation is vast and boundless. The root of it is nothing more than being extraordinary and constantly breaking through the limits ..."

Â  Xia ruofei didn't analyze a specific cultivation technique or secret skill. He only explained the most basic content of cultivation. He tried his best to go from the shallow to the deep, breaking the basic content apart and explaining it to everyone.

Â  Logically speaking, Xia ruofei was only in the beginner stage of the original level. His understanding of the great Dao of heaven and earth was also very shallow.

Â  However, his advantage was that he had learned from others. The Jade talisman of inheritance and the large number of cultivation books he had obtained from the top floor of the trial Pagoda were all directly instilled into his mind. At the same time, some of the understanding and insights of the predecessors on cultivation were also instilled into his mind, so his theoretical foundation was very solid.

Â  After all, he was facing a group of Qi condensation and Aurous core stage cultivators. In comparison, his understanding and perception of the great Dao were naturally very deep.

Â  For Song Wei and the others, it was a rare opportunity for him to give a lecture.

Â  Especially after the seven Star Pavilion's transformation, everyone's cultivation talent had improved by a large margin. When they thought back on their previous understanding of cultivation, they would immediately have a lot of new insights. In addition, Xia ruofei was constantly imparting his own understanding of the Dao of heaven and earth. Under such circumstances, it was easy for them to enter a state of enlightenment.

Â  While Xia ruofei was teaching, he used a bit of his spiritual power. His voice seemed to have a magical power that made Song Wei and the others sink into it and focus their attention.

Â  Under such circumstances, sudden enlightenment was something that happened naturally.

Â  Xia ruofei explained while observing the situation.

Â  He was slightly surprised that the first person to enter the state of enlightenment was Tang Haoran.

Â  Xia ruofei spoke for about three minutes. Tang Haoran's eyes brightened. Then, as if he had been enlightened, he fell into deep thought.

Â  After another two minutes or so, Song Wei and Ling Qingxue entered a state of enlightenment almost at the same time. Vissit novelbin(.)c.ğ’m for updates

Â  Song Qiming and Li Yifu were next. They entered the state of enlightenment at the same time, about five minutes later than Song Wei and Ling Qingxue.

Â  The last one was Luo Qingfeng.

Â  He listened for nearly half an hour before his body trembled slightly. He was completely in a state of enlightenment.

Â  Everyone sat in an arc in front of Xia ruofei, staring at him.

Â  Xia ruofei explained while observing the situation.

Â  What made him feel slightly surprised was that the first person to enter the state of enlightenment was actually Tang Haoran.

Â  Xia ruofei spoke for about three minutes. Tang Haoran's eyes brightened. Then, as if he had been enlightened, he fell into deep thought.

Â  Xia ruofei didn't analyze a specific cultivation technique or secret skill. He only explained the most basic content of cultivation. He tried his best to go from the shallow to the deep, breaking the basic content apart and explaining it to everyone.