Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3867 Â Perfect (2)

Â  Xia ruofei chuckled as he introduced."What everyone is seeing now is an immortal abode left behind by an ancient cultivator. It's actually a spatial magical treasure. The secret realm you're going to is inside this Azure immortal abode!"

Â  Song Qiming and the other two were dumbfounded. Song Qiming asked in disbelief,""RUO Fei, you ... You mean ... We can enter this place? Then wouldn't our bodies have to shrink a lot?"

Â  Xia ruofei smiled and nodded.""Uncle song, you're mistaken. In fact, the immortal mansion we're looking at is not in the same space as the terrace we're on right now. It's just that this magic weapon has a certain uniqueness, so we can directly see the immortal mansion from here. Therefore, when we go to the green touring immortal abode, it's not that our bodies have shrunk, but that we've entered another space from one space. Moreover ... The size of this green touring immortal mansion can be changed. I've only shrunk it to this size for the convenience of placement. Before this, it was just an Island of normal size, drifting aimlessly in the ocean ..."

Â  Song Qiming nodded, not fully understanding.""This is too magical!"

Â  Although song Qiming had been in contact with cultivation for some time, he had been living in the secular world all year round. He was only exposed to work every day, so his thoughts and concepts were still stuck in the past. Although he could understand some things in the world of cultivation, he always felt that it was not real

Â  "Ruofei, I'll go in with you later!" Song Wei said. I'm also a little worried about my dad going to the mystic realm ..."

Â  "No problem!" Xia ruofei smiled and said,"although the secret realm is not big, it's not a problem for one more person to stand here!" Visitt novğ’†lbin(.)cğ’/m for the lğ’‚test updates

Â  Tang Haoran had a child's heart after all. He could not help but ask curiously,""Master, if people are inside the immortal mansion, can they be seen from the outside?"

Â  Xia ruofei smiled and nodded.""Of course!"

Â  Tang Haoran's eyes couldn't help but light up. "That's the little kingdom that the storybooks talk about! Master, can you let me see it?"

Â  Xia ruofei didn't know whether to laugh or cry."Haoran, you're a cultivator in the Golden core stage. Although this kind of spatial magic weapon is precious, it's not out of the scope of the cultivation world. You should understand the principle of two different spaces, right?"

Â  Tang Haoran scratched his head in embarrassment and said,"I know that, but I just find it a little magical ..."

Â  "Ruofei, Haoran is still a child, so please satisfy his curiosity!" Song Wei said with a smile. How about this! I'll go into the immortal mansion first. Won't You Be able to see it from the outside?"

Â  Tang Haoran was overjoyed and quickly said,""Thank you MA ... Auntie song!"

Â  He was so happy that he almost blurted it out. Fortunately, he changed his words in time at the last moment. Song Qiming's attention was completely attracted by the magical green immortal mansion and he did not notice it.

Â  Xia ruofei broke out in a cold sweat. He glared at Tang Haoran.

Â  Tang Haoran secretly stuck out his tongue, then quickly changed the topic.""Auntie song, hurry up and go in! We all want to experience it!"

Â  Song Wei looked at her father, song Qiming, and Luo Qingfeng, who was beside her. She found that the two of them were also very interested, so she nodded and said,""Alright! I'll go in first. RUO Fei, you can bring everyone in later!"

Â  Then, Song Wei took out the talisman that Xia ruofei had made for her. With a thought, she disappeared from the spot.

Â  The next moment, her figure appeared in the green immortal mansion.

Â  In order to let everyone see her more clearly, she did not appear directly near the bamboo building, because there was a large ancient building complex there. If she appeared there, it would not be easy for people to notice her, so she simply appeared on the most conspicuous beach.

Â  Song Qiming and the other two stared unblinkingly at green touring immortal abode. When Song Wei's figure appeared out of thin air on the beach, everyone could not help but click their tongues in wonder.

Â  Especially Tang Haoran, when he saw that Song Wei had become the size of a citizen of the little kingdom in the storybook, and was even smiling and waving at everyone on the beach, he couldn't help but cheer.

Â  Xia ruofei cleared his throat and said,"Alright, it's good that you've seen it. Let's hurry up! We'll be in the secret plane for a long time!"

Â  "Oh!" Tang Haoran stuck out his tongue.

Â  Xia ruofei smiled."Uncle song, Haoran, Qingfeng, relax and don't resist. I'll bring everyone into the immortal mansion!"

Â  Song Qiming and the other two quickly nodded in agreement.

Â  Xia ruofei communicated with the residence - guarding wooden token with his mind. In an instant, an invisible force enveloped everyone and teleported them to green travel Immortal Island. On the way to the Peach Blossom Island, Xia ruofei did not tell them about the "secret realm". Hence, when song Qiming and the others saw this miniature model, they were at a loss. They did not know what Xia ruofei was trying to do.

Â  Xia ruofei chuckled as he introduced."What everyone is seeing now is an immortal abode left behind by an ancient cultivator. It's actually a spatial magical treasure. The secret realm you're going to is inside this Azure immortal abode!"

Â  Song Qiming nodded, not fully understanding.""This is too magical!"

Â  Although song Qiming had been in contact with cultivation for some time, he had been living in the secular world for a long time. He was only exposed to work every day, so his thoughts were still in the past. Although he could understand some things in the world of cultivation, he always felt that it was not real.

Â  "Ruofei, I'll go in with you later!" Song Wei said. I'm also a little worried about my dad going to the mystic realm ..."

Â  He was so happy that he almost blurted it out. Fortunately, he changed his words in time at the last moment. Song Qiming's attention was completely attracted by the magical green immortal mansion and he did not notice it.