Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3868 Â Prospering (1)

Â  Â  Song Wei was confused. She hoped that song Qiming could enter the formation a few more times so that his spiritual power could improve. However, she had used the formation many times and knew that every time he entered the formation, he would cause some minor injuries to his sea of consciousness. Even though the formation's protective mechanism would not harm his Foundation, any injuries to his sea of consciousness would not be easy to recover from.

Â  Xia ruofei himself needed about a week to fully recover from the injury in his sea of consciousness. Song Wei and Ling Qingxue also took about the same time.

Â  When Li Yifu's spiritual power was at a lower level, the recovery time was slightly shorter. However, it would take at least four to five days. Now that his spiritual power had increased, the time he took to recover his sea of consciousness was basically the same as Xia ruofei and the others.

Â  Even if song Qiming's mentality was weaker than Li Yifu 's, it was impossible for him to enter the formation multiple times in a day!

Â  Before Song Wei could ask, Xia ruofei took out two more things. They were a whole set of time formation flags and a big pot of medicinal soup.

Â  Seeing this, Song Wei immediately understood that Jian Jia wanted to use the time formation flags to create a difference in the flow of time. This way, song Qiming would need two to three days or even longer to recover in the time formation, but only a little time would have passed in the outside world. Moreover, the herbal soup would definitely help him recover his sea of consciousness. With this two - pronged approach, song Qiming could recover his sea of consciousness in a short period of time and enter the formation again to train his spiritual power.

Â  Song Wei looked at Xia ruofei with gentleness and gratitude. She knew that Xia ruofei had prepared everything meticulously because song Qiming was her father.

Â  Xia ruofei poured out a bowl of medicine and handed it to song Qiming.""Uncle song, drink this bowl of medicine and immediately recover from the injuries in your sea of consciousness. I will set up a time formation around you. You don't need to worry about how long it will take to recover. You must wait until your sea of consciousness is completely recovered before coming out!" Geett the lğ’‚test ğ’ğ’vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Â  Song Wei quickly interjected,"dad!" RUO Fei's time formation could make time flow more than 90 times faster inside. That is to say, only one minute would pass outside while you're inside for one and a half hours. Even if you recover for a few days, you'll only spend dozens of minutes or a couple of hours. Therefore, you don't have to worry about time!"

Â  Song Qiming understood immediately. He said,""Alright! RUO Fei, I'm really grateful for your meticulous arrangements!"

Â  Xia ruofei smiled and said,"uncle song, you don't have to be so polite with me!" Hurry up and drink the medicine, then go and recover from your injuries!"

Â  "Good, good, good!" Song Qiming said.

Â  He took the bowl of medicine and gulped it down in one go. Then, without wasting any more time, he wiped his mouth and sat on the Jade futon, closing his eyes and regulating his breath to recover from his injuries.

Â  Xia ruofei waved his hand and the time array flags flew out, forming a time array in an instant.

Â  Song Wei was confused. She hoped that song Qiming could enter the formation a few more times so that his spiritual power could improve. However, she had used the formation many times and knew that every time he entered the formation, he would cause some minor injuries to his sea of consciousness. Even though the formation's protective mechanism would not harm his Foundation, any injuries to his sea of consciousness would not be easy to recover from.

Â  Xia ruofei himself needed about a week to fully recover from the injury in his sea of consciousness. Song Wei and Ling Qingxue also took about the same time.

Â  Song Qiming understood immediately. He said,""Alright! RUO Fei, I'm really grateful for your meticulous arrangements!"