Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3870 Â Great harvest (2)

Â  Tang Haoran gulped it down, then wiped his mouth and went back into the time array.

Â  Xia ruofei and Song Wei waited outside the time formation for a while. Song Qiming left the time formation again. Once again, he was ahead of Luo Qingfeng.

Â  Xia ruofei did a quick check and let song Qiming go into the array to train his spiritual power.

Â  In fact, when song Qiming had just entered the array, Luo Qingfeng had already finished healing. The two of them had just finished.

Â  Luo Qingfeng could only wait outside for a while. Fortunately, song Qiming had only used the array for the shortest amount of time, so Luo Qingfeng did not have to wait too long.

Â  Of course, even if he had to wait a little longer, he would not have any complaints.

Â  This was the fourth time that song Qiming had entered the array, while Luo Qingfeng and Tang Haoran had entered twice each. Luo Qingfeng was about to start his third attempt.

Â  Clearly, song Qiming's low level of spiritual power had given him the convenience of entering the array many times to temper his spiritual power.

Â  In the fourth round, song Qiming managed to last for more than five minutes before he was thrown out again.

Â  Luo Qingfeng immediately entered the array ...

Â  Just like that, song Qiming and the other two took turns to enter the time formation to train their spiritual power. They took turns to enter the time formation to heal their injuries. Everyone took turns to break through the formation again and again, and their spiritual power also improved.

Â  Xia ruofei and Song Wei couldn't help much, so they just helped with the logistics.

Â  Of course, Song Wei had the most free time, so Xia ruofei did all the work by himself.

Â  However, she was worried about her father challenging the array here and insisted on staying in the secret realm. Hence, Xia ruofei let her cultivate at the side instead of waiting with him.

Â  In one night, song Qiming had gone through a total of ten rounds of the array challenge, while Luo Qingfeng had entered the array eight times and Tang Haoran seven times. The results of everyone's challenge were also quite remarkable.

Â  Song Qiming finally broke through to the spirit gathering stage in the eighth round. After 10 rounds of array training, he lasted 18 minutes in the last round, which was far better than Luo Qingfeng's first time.

Â  Song Qiming's cultivation was at the peak of lianqi level 9, but his spiritual power had broken through to the spirit gathering realm, which was equivalent to the Golden core stage. Moreover, he had made further progress on this Foundation. Not only had he consolidated his realm, but he had also taken a big step toward the middle stage of the spirit gathering realm. It could be said that this had laid a very solid foundation for his next cultivation, including breaking through to the Golden core stage.

Â  It would not be an exaggeration to say that the difficulty of song Qiming breaking through to the Golden core stage would be reduced by at least 30%.

Â  It was clearly impossible for Tang Haoran to be the first to enter the formation in the second round.

Â  Song Qiming had been recuperating in the time formation for more than half an hour. According to the time flow difference of 90 times, he had been in there for almost two days.

Â  Since song Qiming's spiritual power was the lowest, his sea of consciousness was the least injured. Even if everyone entered the time formation to heal at the same time, he would be the first to come out.

Â  In fact, after Tang Haoran entered the time formation, Xia ruofei and Song Wei had only waited for a dozen minutes. Song Qiming's sea of consciousness had recovered completely. He stood up and walked out of the formation.

Â  Song Qiming took about three days to recover. On one hand, the injury to his sea of consciousness was relatively light. On the other hand, the medicinal soup that Xia ruofei had prepared in advance was very helpful in the recovery of the sea of consciousness.

Â  At this time, Luo Qingfeng and Tang Haoran were still fully focused on healing their injuries.

Â  Xia ruofei checked on song Qiming's condition and let him enter the array to train his spiritual power.

Â  This time, song Qiming managed to hold on for about a minute and a half before he was thrown out again. He had also held on to his limit and triggered the protective mechanism of the array.

Â  Xia ruofei did not waste any time. After he caught song Qiming, he immediately handed him the spiritual pond water and the medicinal soup.

Â  Song Qiming gulped it down and nodded to Song Wei and Xia ruofei. He walked into the time formation and sat down on the futon to heal.

Â  From the time song Qiming left the time formation to his second attempt to entering the time formation, there was only a total of three minutes.

Â  In other words, only four or five hours had passed in the formation.

Â  Xia ruofei and Song Wei waited for another half an hour. Luo Qingfeng had finally finished healing and walked out of the time formation. Geett the lğ’‚test ğ’ğ’vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Â  Xia ruofei used his spiritual power to check and then indicated that he could enter the array to train his spiritual power.

Â  Luo Qingfeng was full of fighting spirit. This time, he lasted for about 15 minutes in the array. Compared to the first time he entered the array, his spiritual power had obviously improved a lot.

Â  While Luo Qingfeng was still in the array, song Qiming had already recovered from the injuries in his spiritual sea and came out first to wait at the side.

Â  After Luo Qingfeng was thrown out of the array, Xia ruofei asked song Qiming to enter the array for the third time to train his spiritual power.

Â  Then, he handed the spirit pool water and the medicinal soup to Luo Qingfeng.

Â  At this time, Tang Haoran had finally recovered from the injuries in his sea of consciousness. He strode out of the time formation and passed by Luo Qingfeng.

Â  Tang Haoran took a look at the formation and noticed that song Qiming had just activated it. He could not help but ask,""Master, is this Sensei song's second time entering the formation?"

Â  "He's already in the third round!"Xia ruofei laughed.

Â  "Ah?" Tang Haoran's eyes widened and he said dejectedly,"how did he recover so quickly?"

Â  Song Wei laughed and said,"Haoran, generally speaking, the higher the level of spiritual power, the stronger the impact on the sea of consciousness in the formation. The injuries will be more serious, so the recovery time will be longer." Your recovery is the slowest, which means that your spiritual power is the highest among the three of you! Every time your master enters a formation, the time it takes to recover his sea of consciousness is much longer than yours!"

Â  "Then wouldn't I have fewer opportunities to train my spiritual power?" Tang Haoran said in distress.

Â  "Strictly speaking, the opportunity is equal to everyone." Xia ruofei said,"as the number of times they enter the array increases and their spiritual power level increases, the time it takes for them to recover from the injuries in their sea of consciousness will also increase accordingly!"

Â  Just as everyone was still talking, song Qiming, who was in the formation, reached his limit once again. He grunted and was thrown out of the formation.

Â  Xia ruofei's eyes were sharp and his hands were fast. His body flashed and he was right beside song Qiming. He reached out and caught him.

Â  "Master, I'll go in then!" Tang Haoran did not want to waste even a second and quickly shouted.

Â  Xia ruofei nodded without turning his head. Then, he took some water from the spiritual pond and fed it to song Qiming. He also poured a bowl of medicinal soup for him.

Â  Song Qiming finished the medicine and the spiritual pond water. He did not even bother to talk to Xia ruofei and Song Wei. He quickly greeted them and walked into the time formation to heal his injuries.

Â  This time, song Qiming managed to last three minutes in the array. He had improved a lot compared to the second round.

Â  One could imagine that his spiritual power was improving at a godly speed under such high - intensity pressure.

Â  In comparison, Tang Haoran would be able to use the formation for a longer time.

Â  He had already broken through to the intermediate stage of the spirit gathering stage. In the first round, he had managed to last for 26 to 27 minutes in the array. Now that his spiritual power had broken through another small realm, he could naturally last longer.

Â  However, it was still difficult for him to break through the first Halo since he had just entered the intermediate stage of the spirit gathering realm. This time, Tang Haoran managed to hold on for about 29 minutes, almost half an hour, but he was still thrown out by the protective mechanism of the formation.

Â  Xia ruofei did not say much. He reached out to catch Tang Haoran and passed him the spiritual pond water and medicinal soup.

Â  Tang Haoran gulped it down, then wiped his mouth and went back into the time array.

Â  Xia ruofei and Song Wei waited outside the time formation for a while. Song Qiming left the time formation again. Once again, he was ahead of Luo Qingfeng.