Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3872  Looking forward to the future (2)

  It could be said that as long as Xia ruofei was willing to pay the cost, he could turn an ordinary person who had no talent at all and was not suitable for cultivation into a cultivator. He could then successfully embark on the path of cultivation.

  Xia ruofei continued,"of course, there's no hurry. On one hand, Auntie Fang, uncle Ling, and the others need some time to slowly accept it. On the other hand, we've just used the seven Star Pavilion. It doesn't seem appropriate to use it again in a short time. Besides, uncle song's term of office still has one to two years, so we can take it slow!"

  "Sure!" Song Qiming laughed. Even if you didn't tell me, I would have tried my best to arrange for time to come over! In the future, I'll try to come here for a day or two regularly. Not only can I train my spiritual power here, but the cultivation environment is also very good. I benefit a lot every time I come here!"

  "Dad!" Song Wei said with a smile. Then you might as well retire! You can bring mom to live on Peach Blossom Island. There are many rooms here, so RUO Fei will reserve a big room facing the sea for you!"

  Song Qiming smiled and said,"I want to!" However, it's unlikely that I'll retire within the next one or two years. The organization put me in this position because they trust me. I can't just quit without a reason! However, I've thought about it. After this term is over, I'm going to apply for retirement from the organization due to my health. After all, I've been seriously injured before!"

  "You've been injured, but your body condition is better than the young man 's. Do you think the higher - ups will approve of it?"Song Wei smiled.

  A leader like song Qiming had regular physical examinations and a full - time health care doctor. Therefore, his health condition could not be hidden from others.

  Song Qiming chuckled and said,"good physical indicators don't mean that there's no problem!" There are many problems that medical equipment can't detect. From today onwards, I'll go to see a Chinese medicine doctor every once in a while. They say that I often have headaches ... My head was severely injured before! The structure of this brain is the most complicated, and there are many medical questions that can't be answered at all. I want to lay the foundations for about a year, and then I can naturally propose retirement. Besides, my current position is considered a relatively important position. If I retire, I think it's not a bad thing to make room for the comrades behind me. "

  Xia ruofei smiled and said,"that's true. It might take some effort to get promoted. It shouldn't be difficult to resign." Uncle song, I've prepared a room in advance. You and Auntie can come over and live here for a long time ..."

  Song Qiming said hesitantly,""Your aunt Fang doesn't know anything about the world of cultivation. If she comes here, will she ..."

  Xia ruofei smiled."It's okay. However, you can give her a heads up in advance and reveal it to her bit by bit. Otherwise, there'll be too much information at once and she won't be able to accept it." Furthermore ... I'm already in the nascent Soul Stage and I have more resources than before. I believe that in another year or two, I should be able to find a way for ordinary people to embark on the path of cultivation. By then, not only aunt Fang, but Qingxue's father, Ling Xiaotian, uncle Ling, and some of my close friends can also try to let them come into contact with cultivation. It doesn't matter if they can go far on this path, even if they can only reach the Qi condensation level for the rest of their lives. That's also good, at least your lifespan will be greatly extended!"

  Song Qiming and Song Wei's eyes lit up. Ling Qingxue asked excitedly,""Ruofei, is there really a way to make my father a cultivator?" Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

  Xia ruofei nodded with certainty and said,""There's no problem with their cultivation techniques. I have a large number of cultivation techniques, so I can always find a cultivation technique that is suitable for them. In terms of talent, he could totally gather everyone together and use the seven Star Pavilion to improve by a large margin. It was just a matter of consuming a little resources. Everyone may have already seen that everyone's talent has been improved to the greatest extent after entering the seven Star Pavilion. This is not luck. In fact, I can communicate with the tool spirit. In a sense, as long as I'm willing to pay some cultivation resources, the people I send in will be able to improve their talent to the greatest extent. Of course, you must keep this a secret, especially not the first heaven society. I don't want them to overthink things ..."

  Song Wei and the others nodded in agreement. Actually, Song Wei and Ling Qingxue both knew about the seven Star Pavilion's situation. Xia ruofei's words were mainly to instruct song Qiming, Tang Haoran, and Luo Qingfeng.

  Xia ruofei continued,"the last problem is none other than the problem of physique. Some people are born with a physique that can't cultivate. No matter how good the cultivation environment is or how rich the spiritual Qi is, they can't absorb any spiritual Qi at all. However, this isn't unsolvable. Qingxue's physique was not suitable for cultivation back then. I used some rare spiritual herbs and finally succeeded in changing her physique. For people like aunty Fang, uncle Ling, and the others, if their physiques are not suitable for cultivation, then they can only spend more time to transform their physiques. At this stage, all the conditions are met. "

  Xia ruofei was well aware of the importance of heart concentrating grass in the transformation of one's physique. Thus, during the past two years when he was in closed-door cultivation, as long as he did not use the time array flag, he would place them in the realm Heart island's medicine garden to speed up the cultivation of the heart concentrating grass. Thus, even though only two years had passed, the heart concentrating grass in the realm Heart island's medicine garden had already been cultivated for one to two hundred years. Not only did a few stalks mature, but they had also multiplied. The amount of heart concentrating grass was enough.

  Hearing Xia ruofei's words, Song Wei, Ling Qingxue, and song Qiming felt relieved. At the same time, they were overjoyed. If an ordinary person wanted to become a cultivator, they had to have talent, physique, and techniques. At the same time, they had to have enough cultivation resources. All these problems could be easily solved by Xia ruofei. There were no more difficulties.

  It could be said that as long as Xia ruofei was willing to pay the cost, he could turn an ordinary person who had no talent at all and was not suitable for cultivation into a cultivator. He could then successfully embark on the path of cultivation.

  Xia ruofei continued, " of course, there's no hurry. On one hand, Auntie Fang, uncle Ling, and the others need some time to slowly accept it. On the other hand, we've just used the seven Star Pavilion. It doesn't seem appropriate to use it again in a short time. Besides, uncle song's term of office still has one to two years, so we can take it slow!"

  Hearing Xia ruofei's words, Song Wei, Ling Qingxue, and song Qiming felt relieved. At the same time, they were overjoyed. If an ordinary person wanted to become a cultivator, they had to have talent, physique, and techniques. At the same time, they had to have enough cultivation resources. All these problems could be easily solved by Xia ruofei. There were no more difficulties.

  It could be said that as long as Xia ruofei was willing to pay the cost, he could turn an ordinary person who had no talent at all and was not suitable for cultivation into a cultivator. He could then successfully embark on the path of cultivation.

  Xia ruofei continued, " of course, there's no hurry. On one hand, Auntie Fang, uncle Ling, and the others need some time to slowly accept it. On the other hand, we've just used the seven Star Pavilion. It doesn't seem appropriate to use it again in a short time. Besides, uncle song's term of office still has one to two years, so we can take it slow!"

  Xia ruofei continued, " of course, there's no hurry. On one hand, Auntie Fang, uncle Ling, and the others need some time to slowly accept it. On the other hand, we've just used the seven Star Pavilion. It doesn't seem appropriate to use it again in a short time. Besides, uncle song's term of office still has one to two years, so we can take it slow!"