Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3873 Â Strategic adjustments (1)

Â  Â  In a short while, the villa, which had been bustling with noise and excitement a moment ago, was now deserted. Only Xia ruofei and Luo Qingfeng were left.

Â  Xia ruofei didn't even keep the black Phoenix flying ship. He smiled and said,""Qingfeng, let's go! I'll send you back to the star Seizer sect!"

Â  He had originally planned to return to the three mountains after sending off Tang Haoran, and then send off Luo Qingfeng. Thus, the black Phoenix flying boat had been hovering above the second - Floor balcony.

Â  "Master, we're already back in the country," Luo Qingfeng said quickly."I can just fly back on my sword. I don't dare to trouble you anymore!"

Â  Xia ruofei waved his hand and said,"it'll only take half an hour at most on the black Phoenix flying ship. Not only will you waste time by riding a flying sword, but you'll also consume a lot of Yuan Qi!" Don't be pretentious here, hurry up and get on the airboat! I haven't been to the star Seizer sect in a while, so I'll go back with you!"

Â  Since Xia ruofei had already said this, Luo Qingfeng naturally did not dare to refuse. He quickly said,""Yes! Master!"

Â  Xia ruofei and Luo Qingfeng jumped onto the black Phoenix flying ship one after another. Soon, the black Phoenix flying ship took off again and flew in the direction of the star Seizer sect.

Â  Xia ruofei increased the speed of the black Phoenix flying boat to its maximum. It took them about 20 minutes to reach the star Seizer sect.

Â  The star Seizer sect's protective array had been personally modified by Xia ruofei, so he did not even need Luo Qingfeng to control the array. He found a path and flew straight into the sect. The protective array was not usually in a completely defensive state because it consumed too much energy. Furthermore, the star Seizer sect did not have that many resources and could not maintain the Taixu xuanqing array like the Peach Blossom Island. Therefore, it was basically in a state of alert. Xia ruofei knew formations like the back of his hand. Naturally, he could find a path that would not trigger the formation.

Â  Xia ruofei steered the black Phoenix flying ship to the star - picking tower at the peak with ease. This was the core of the star - picking sect. The quiet room where Luo Qingfeng usually cultivated was also here. Diiscover new ğ’”tories at nğ’ve/lbin(.)c/oğ’

Â  The black Phoenix flying ship stopped on the roof of zhaixing tower. Xia ruofei and Luo Qingfeng stepped on their flying swords and flew away from the black Phoenix flying ship.

Â  With a thought, Xia ruofei shrunk the black Phoenix flying ship and kept it. Then, with Luo Qingfeng, they rode their flying swords and nimbly passed through the window on the top floor of zhaixing tower. This was the quiet room where Luo Qingfeng usually cultivated.

Â  "Thank you, master! This subordinate is terrified!" "Yes!" Qingfeng Luo said respectfully.

Â  Xia ruofei waved his hand."You should know me. You don't have to be so polite!"

Â  With that, Xia ruofei's Saint spirit realm spiritual power swept out and enveloped the entire star Seizer sect. In a short while, he had a basic understanding of the star Seizer sect's situation. Naturally, the star Seizer sect's disciples did not notice the Saint spirit realm's spiritual power.

Â  In reality, when the black Phoenix flying ship had entered the sect through the formation, no one had noticed it either. Up until now, they still didn't know that their sect master had returned to the sect.

Â  Xia ruofei nodded in satisfaction and said,""Not bad! The strength of the disciples had increased by a little. The overall strength of the star Seizer sect should be ranked in the top ten in the cultivation world! However, compared to the top sects, their top combat power is still lacking. "

Â  "Yes, I am!" Luo Qingfeng immediately said,"it's all my fault for being useless ..."

Â  Xia ruofei waved his hand and said,"I don't blame you. How can it be so easy to cultivate an Aurous core stage cultivator?" Talent, strength, resources, and even luck were all indispensable! The star Seizer sect's Foundation was rather weak in the past, and it'll take time for them to catch up!"

Â  "Thank you for your understanding, master!" Luo Qingfeng said,"however, the gap between us and master is getting bigger and bigger. I'm afraid that it will be difficult for us to help master in the short term. We have also wasted so many of master's cultivation resources ..."

Â  In a short while, the villa, which had been bustling with noise and excitement a moment ago, was now deserted. Only Xia ruofei and Luo Qingfeng were left.

Â  Xia ruofei didn't even keep the black Phoenix flying ship. He smiled and said,""Qingfeng, let's go! I'll send you back to the star Seizer sect!"

Â  Xia ruofei waved his hand and said,"it'll only take half an hour at most on the black Phoenix flying ship. Not only will you waste time by riding a flying sword, but you'll also consume a lot of Yuan Qi!" Don't be pretentious here, hurry up and get on the airboat! I haven't been to the star Seizer sect in a while, so I'll go back with you!"

Â  The star Seizer sect's protective array had been personally modified by Xia ruofei, so he did not even need Luo Qingfeng to control the array. He found a path and flew straight into the sect. The protective array was not usually in a completely defensive state because it consumed too much energy. Furthermore, the star Seizer sect did not have that many resources and could not maintain the Taixu xuanqing array like the Peach Blossom Island. Therefore, it was basically in a state of alert. Xia ruofei knew formations like the back of his hand. Naturally, he could find a path that would not trigger the formation.