Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3874 Â New atmosphere (1)

Â  Â  Xia ruofei nodded and said,"have a seat!"

Â  Then, he continued to write a few words on the paper. He picked it up and took a look at it again. He nodded with satisfaction and handed the paper to Luo Qingfeng, saying with a smile,""This is the list of fifty people that I've selected. From tomorrow on, the fifty people will be transferred out of their original posts and gathered together. You will follow their training in person and observe them in secret. If there are any problems, they will be eliminated at any time. We'd rather not have enough than have too many!"

Â  Xia ruofei's accuracy in screening the star Seizer sect's disciples was definitely very high. However, people's thoughts could change. Hence, even if they were very loyal now, it did not mean that there would be no problems in the future. Hence, Xia ruofei urged Luo Qingfeng to take advantage of the time before they went to Peach Blossom Island to conduct a certain period of observation on these people. It was similar to military training. They would gather them together and then come up with a standard of evaluation. It would be best if they could give a quantitative evaluation.

Â  Luo Qingfeng quickly took the piece of paper and said,""Yes! Master! This will be the most important matter for the star Seizer sect in the near future. Your subordinate will do his best to carry it out!"

Â  After saying that, he couldn't help but glance at the list on the paper. When he saw some familiar names, he couldn't help but sigh in relief. Basically, the few disciples that he had focused on training, including the two elders that he valued more, were all on the list. This showed that there was no problem with the loyalty of these people, and their talents were at least passable.

Â  There were still some names on the list that Luo Qingfeng only had an impression of. They were obviously low - Level disciples who had previously held unremarkable positions. However, the fact that they had been chosen by Xia ruofei showed that these people had a strong sense of belonging to the star Seizer sect and were extremely loyal. To these people, it was like a carp leaping over the Dragon's Gate.

Â  It was just that they didn't know about it.

Â  Xia ruofei continued,""The ones with a horizontal line below their names are the disciples that I think can be trained with emphasis. These people have a relatively higher chance of breaking through to the Golden core stage. In addition, there are a few other disciples whose cultivation is not bad at the moment and their loyalty is not a problem, but their room for improvement is limited. Even if they can break through to the Golden core stage in the future, it will be more difficult for them to go further. They can still get the opportunity to go to the Peach Blossom Island to cultivate, but they won't be able to receive special training and will have to undertake some work within their capabilities. "

Â  Luo Qingfeng looked at the name list and found two disciples at refined Qi level 8. He usually paid more attention to them. Their names were not crossed out, which meant that Xia ruofei believed that their development potential was limited and that they were not worthy of a large amount of resources to focus on training.

Â  Luo Qingfeng naturally did not doubt Xia ruofei's judgment. He nodded without hesitation and said,""I understand! Master, I'll also allocate cultivation resources to the disciples who are being heavily trained during this period of time so that they can make great progress before they reach the peach source Island!" Geett the lğ’‚test ğ’ğ’vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Â  Xia ruofei nodded and said,"yes!" Two of them have relatively low cultivation levels, but they have great potential. You can pay special attention to them, and if necessary, you can personally guide them!"

Â  "Alright!" Qingfeng Luo quickly went through the list again and asked tentatively,"master, are they Yuan Wenlong and Xu Wenfeng?"

Â  There were only a dozen or so disciples that were marked as the focus of attention, and most of them were people that Qingfeng Luo knew well. He only had a vague impression of Yuan Wenlong and Xu Wenfeng's names, so it was easy for him to judge.

Â  Xia ruofei nodded."Yes, they are only at refined Qi Level 3. However, they are talented and deserve to be trained!"

Â  "Understood!" "Yes!" Luo Qingfeng replied respectfully.

Â  Xia ruofei smiled and said,"you have to hurry up and train him!" You need at least one golden core cultivator to guard the sect. Only then can you go to the peach source Island to cultivate without worry!"

Â  "Master, this subordinate will definitely do his best!" "Yes," Luo Qingfeng said."I also want to stay on the Peach Blossom Island to cultivate!"

Â  Xia ruofei laughed and said,"then work hard to cultivate disciples!" When there are more golden core cultivators, you can take turns to guard the place!"

Â  Xia ruofei stood up and said,""Alright, I'm almost done with the things here. I'll be going back to Peach Blossom Island!"

Â  Xia ruofei nodded and said,"have a seat!"

Â  Then, he continued to write a few words on the paper. He picked it up and took a look at it again. He nodded with satisfaction and handed the paper to Luo Qingfeng, saying with a smile,""This is the list of fifty people that I've selected. From tomorrow on, the fifty people will be transferred out of their original posts and gathered together. You will follow their training in person and observe them in secret. If there are any problems, they will be eliminated at any time. We'd rather not have enough than have too many!"

Â  Xia ruofei's accuracy in screening the star Seizer sect's disciples was definitely very high. However, people's thoughts could change. Hence, even if they were very loyal now, it did not mean that there would be no problems in the future. Hence, Xia ruofei urged Luo Qingfeng to take advantage of the time before they went to Peach Blossom Island to conduct a certain period of observation on these people. It was similar to military training. They would gather them together and then come up with a standard of evaluation. It would be best if they could give a quantitative evaluation.