Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3875 Â Methodically (1)

Â  Â  Xia ruofei returned to the suite after breakfast.

Â  Although he had already made up his mind to transfer the ordinary workers and security guards on Peach Blossom Island, it was not something that could be done in a day or two. It had to be done step by step. Hence, after Xia ruofei handed over some of the preliminary work to Li Yifu, he went upstairs to cultivate.

Â  Xia ruofei returned to his bedroom, locked the door and set up an alarm array. Then, he took out the spirit map and entered the space.

Â  He decided to train his spiritual power first. His sea of consciousness had fully recovered these days, but he was busy with other things and didn't train his spiritual power. Since he had nothing to do today, he thought of breaking through the array first.

Â  Since Song Wei and the rest were not with him, Xia ruofei did not need to go to green Immortal Island to set up a 'small secret realm'. He could just enter the spirit map space in his room.

Â  He also appeared directly on the island in the depths of the space ocean. After adjusting his state slightly, he stepped into the array.

Â  The Halos lit up one by one and then extinguished one by one from the inside out. In the end, only the third Halo remained lit.

Â  The array would record the aura of every cultivator who entered it. The last time Xia ruofei tried to break through the array, which was when he broke through to the Saint spirit realm, he was already in the third Halo. Hence, he did not need to start from the first Halo. Geett the lğ’‚test ğ’ğ’vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Â  Xia ruofei strode past the first and second light rings and entered the third light ring.

Â  The powerful spiritual pressure and the impact of the hammer in the sea of consciousness came almost at the same time. Xia ruofei's body shook a little but he quickly stabilized himself.

Â  In the past few times, Xia ruofei could last for a while in the third Halo, but every second was extremely torturous. After all, the third Halo was equivalent to the Saint spirit realm. To him, it was a cross - Realm challenge.

Â  Now that his spiritual power had broken through to the Saint spirit realm, it was much easier for him to reach the third Halo.

Â  At least, it was like this when the formation was first activated.

Â  One minute, two minutes, three minutes ...

Â  After a short while, Xia ruofei had lasted longer in the third Halo than the last time, and he felt that he still had some energy left.

Â  It seemed that the breakthrough of a major realm had a rather obvious increase in his overall strength.

Â  As time went by, Xia ruofei gradually felt that it was getting harder. The pressure of his spiritual energy was constantly increasing, and the hammering and vibration force in his sea of consciousness was also increasing. Each round of hammering was stronger than the previous round. Although it was only a little increase each time, the accumulation was not to be underestimated.

Â  Moreover, the frequency of the hammering was extremely high, a few times per second, so the speed of the increase in the hammering strength was also quite fast.

Â  Xia ruofei managed to hold on for 11 minutes. Finally, he couldn't hold on any longer. He groaned and was thrown out of his control.

Â  Xia ruofei returned to the suite after breakfast.

Â  Although he had already made up his mind to transfer the ordinary workers and security guards on Peach Blossom Island, it was not something that could be done in a day or two. It had to be done step by step. Hence, after Xia ruofei handed over some of the preliminary work to Li Yifu, he went upstairs to cultivate.

Â  He also appeared directly on the island in the depths of the space ocean. After adjusting his state slightly, he stepped into the array.

Â  One ring of light after another lit up and then extinguished from the inside out. In the end, only the third ring of light remained lit.

Â  The array would record the aura of every cultivator who entered it. The last time Xia ruofei tried to break through the array, which was when he broke through to the Saint spirit realm, he was already in the third Halo. Hence, he did not need to start from the first Halo.

Â  One minute, two minutes, three minutes ...

Â  After a short while, Xia ruofei had lasted longer in the third Halo than the last time, and he felt that he still had some energy left.

Â  It seemed that the breakthrough of a major realm had a rather obvious increase in his overall strength.

Â  As time went by, Xia ruofei gradually felt that it was getting harder. The pressure of his spiritual energy was constantly increasing, and the hammering and vibration force in his sea of consciousness was also increasing. Each round of hammering was stronger than the previous round. Although it was only a little increase each time, the accumulation was not to be underestimated.

The Novel will be updated first on this website. Come back and continue reading tomorrow, everyone!