Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 393 Â Jaded skin ointment is on fire (1)

Â  Â  Wu Liqian realized that Tian Huilan's change was too great. It wasn't as simple as her skin getting better, but her entire spirit was different. It was a feeling of being renewed from the inside out, as if she had suddenly become ten years younger.

Â  Tian Huilan was naturally aware of this change, but she still felt a little embarrassed being stared at by Wu Liqian, even though she was also a woman.

Â  Tian Huilan coughed and said,""Little Wu, why are you in a daze? Don't you recognize me?"

Â  Only then did Wu Liqian come back to her senses. If an ordinary person had lost their composure in front of Tian Huilan, they would definitely be scared to death, but Wu Liqian was different. She had been Tian Huilan's Secretary for several years, and Tian Huilan treated her like half a family member.

Â  Therefore, after Wu Liqian came to her senses, she was not afraid. Instead, she smiled and said,""Secretary, I almost couldn't recognize you ... For a moment, I even thought that Youyou was sitting in your office and playing tricks on me!"

Â  This flattery ... Wu Liqian's words were indeed a little exaggerated. Tian Huilan was already in her forties. No matter how well she took care of herself, it was impossible for her to look like Lu You, who was in her early twenties. However, with Tian Huilan's current appearance, if she were to walk out with Lu You, there was a high probability that people would mistake them for sisters.

Â  Tian Huilan gave Wu Liqian a reproachful look and said,""You little Wu ... You're a Deputy department leader now, but why are you getting more and more glib with your words?"

Â  Wu Liqian smiled in embarrassment and sat down on the chair in front of Tian Huilan's desk. She said,""Secretary, you can't blame me for this ... It's only been half a month since I last saw you, and you've changed so much! Secretary, please teach me some maintenance tips ..."

Â  Tian Huilan looked at Wu Liqian with a faint smile and said,""You're so young, what do you need to take care of?"

Â  "Secretary, I'm not young anymore!" Wu Liqian immediately said. Now, if I stay up a little late, my skin will be extremely dry. If this continues, I really won't be able to get married ..."

Â  "You've really reminded me!" Tian Huilan said,"when are you going to solve your personal problem? You're already a Deputy - Level leader now. If you don't solve your personal problems, be careful that it will affect your growth and progress in the future!"

Â  Wu Liqian awkwardly avoided Tian Huilan's gaze and said,""Secretary, we haven't met a suitable one, have we? Feelings are something that can only be left to fate, and can not be forced. "

Â  "If you don't look for it yourself, will fate fall from the sky?" Tian Huilan said,"I think it's not that you haven't met a suitable one. It's just that you can't get over the hurdle in your heart! Little Wu ... You still haven't let go of what happened back then?"

Â  Wu Liqian's eyes turned red, but she quickly forced a smile and said,""Secretary, didn't we just talk about maintenance? Why is it my personal problem again? Are you trying to change the topic because you don't want to reveal your secret?"

Â  Tian Huilan glanced at Wu Liqian with a half - Smile and didn't bring up this topic again.

Â  Tian Huilan naturally knew this old subordinate of hers quite well. She even knew her past very well. She knew that she could only rely on herself when it came to matters of the heart, and no one else could help her. Even if she was a member of the Standing Committee of the Provincial Party Committee, it was impossible for her to give an administrative order to Wu Liqian to immediately find someone to marry!

Â  "There's no such thing as a secret!" Tian Huilan smiled gracefully and said,"I just used a Facial Mask. Youyou gave it to me!"

Â  "Facial Mask? What kind of Facial Mask has such a magical effect?" Wu Liqian's eyes lit up and she asked,"Secretary, can you tell me the brand of this mask?" I'll try buying some too ... Even if it's a world - Class brand, I'll grit my teeth and buy it!"

Â  Tian Huilan couldn't help but laugh."This mask can't be bought on the market. However, if you want it, you can try to find Xiao Xia ..."

Â  "Little Xia? Xia ruofei?" Wu Liqian said in surprise,"this has something to do with him?"

Â  "En!" Tian Huilan nodded. Youyou told me that this mask was made by Xiaoxia herself. It's purely made from Chinese medicine. I tried it for a few days, but I didn't expect it to be so effective. "

Â  "This guy actually has this kind of ability ..." Wu Liqian was surprised. Of course, she was also very tempted. ğ‘…read latest chğ’‚pters at n/ğ’v(e)lbiğ’(.)co/m

Â  Wu Liqian suddenly realized that she had been in Tian Huilan's office for a while and had been talking nonsense. The Secretary's time was very precious, and there might be people waiting outside to report their work. She quickly said,"Secretary, let me report to you about the recent work in Changping County!"

Â  Tian Huilan smiled and nodded, so Wu Liqian immediately began to report. She didn't even take a script and just started to report. She was very organized and clear, and all the data was as if she knew it very well. Tian Huilan couldn't help but nod secretly. She could see that after her old subordinate came to work in Changping County, she had entered the working state very quickly and had obviously established a firm foothold in Changping County.

Â  The more grassroots one was, the more brutal the political struggle was. Many of the members of the team in Changping County were local cadres. A few of them had grown up step by step from the town level or even the village level. They had a great influence in the local area. Tian Huilan was quite pleased that Wu Liqian was able to control the situation in such a short time.