Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 397: Chapter 360-booklet’s third page 2

A few days ago, Xia ruofei had thought that if he wanted to give away the jaded skin ointment, it would not be good to keep it in a preservation box. So, he ordered a batch of small round ceramic jars online. These ceramic jars were just enough to hold a portion of jaded skin ointment. There was also a lid with a rubber seal, which was very practical.

The ceramic jars had already arrived yesterday, and they could be put to use today.

Xia ruofei divided the newly brewed jaded skin ointment into 30 equal portions and placed each portion into a small porcelain jar. Then, he placed the jaded skin ointment that had been placed in a large preservation box last time and had not had time to separate into smaller portions into the porcelain jar as well.

In this way, he had 37 portions of jaded skin cream on hand, which could at least be dealt with in the short term.

After putting the jaded skin ointment in the box, Xia ruofei started to make the pregnancy soup.

It had been a week since he last drank the soup, and he could drink it again today. He couldn’t wait to drink it.

With the experience from the last time, Xia ruofei skillfully found the required Chinese medicinal herbs according to their respective quantities. Then, he carefully took out the spirit heart fruit from the preservation box, cut a piece from it with a military dagger, and put it into the claypot.

Xia ruofei first closed his eyes and went through the refining process in his mind. After making sure that there were no mistakes, he began to refine it skillfully.

Half an hour later, Xia ruofei was holding a small bowl of fragrant herbal soup. He took a deep breath and drank the whole bowl of soup.

Xia ruofei sat down cross – legged and closed his eyes.

With the previous experience, Xia ruofei was very confident. The medicinal properties of the gestation soup were very mild. Compared to the body tempering soup, it was simply a world of difference. It also did not have any danger.

The familiar cool air began to rise from his abdomen and slowly gathered in his brain.

Xia ruofei was suddenly enlightened. He felt that his thoughts were more than ten times clearer than before. In the fish pond far away, a big grass fish jumped out of the water, causing a little splash. In the small fish pond, a young red Dragon shook its tail and shot towards its prey. These images were all imprinted in Xia ruofei’s mind.

He could even clearly sense the slight movement of the fog – like spiritual energy in the space.

Although he could only experience this when he was drinking the soup, Xia ruofei still felt very good.

He knew that one day, when his spiritual power reached a certain level, he could enter this state at any time if he wanted to.

After an unknown amount of time, the last bit of cool feeling disappeared. Xia ruofei knew that he had absorbed all the medicinal properties.

He didn’t get up. Instead, he teleported to the stone room in the new space.

Xia ruofei walked to the front of the stone platform. Although he knew that there was not much hope, he still tried to crack the light curtain closest to the original booklet. There was an antique jade card inside. According to the rules, this light curtain should be the easiest to crack.

However, as Xia ruofei released his spiritual power, the light curtain only caved in a little. No matter how hard he tried, the tough light curtain did not break at all.

Xia ruofei tried it for a while and then retracted his spiritual power.

Since his spiritual power was still not strong enough, there was no need to waste any more energy.

He picked up the booklet and flipped to the third page.

Then, Xia ruofei took a deep breath and released his spiritual power without holding back. The Golden stripes on the page started to move slowly.

Xia ruofei could clearly feel that it was easier than the last time. As the Golden stripes moved, the obvious sense of delay had weakened.

His spirit was roused, and he continued to maintain the high – pressure posture. His mental power was continuously transmitted to the page as if it was free.

The Golden stripes began to slowly break down and assemble, and then began to form golden characters on the page. This speed was also much faster than last time.

As time passed, more and more golden words appeared on the page.

But at the same time, Xia ruofei was starting to have a hard time continuing. Beads of sweat appeared on his forehead.

At this time, most of the page was already occupied by words. However, these words were not displayed in order from beginning to end, so there were still some empty places in the middle. Golden stripes were constantly surging, breaking down, and combining ...

Xia ruofei’s hands were trembling. He couldn’t even read the words on the page. He was highly focused and was pouring out all his spiritual power.

However, he was still a little short.

Xia ruofei felt a sharp pain in his head. He was suddenly alert and immediately stopped his desperate attempt. If he did not stop immediately, it was very likely to cause irreversible damage to his brain.

Anyway, he could continue to take the soup after a week. If it didn’t work this time, he would try it next time. There was no need to work so hard. Otherwise, it would cause harm to his body, and it would really not be worth it.

As soon as Xia ruofei retracted his spiritual energy, the Golden words on the page began to disintegrate rapidly.

At that moment, Xia ruofei tried his best to memorize the words. Although the words took a long time to form, they were broken down in an instant. Xia ruofei could only see a few words.

In addition, there were many gaps in the text, so Xia ruofei had limited information.

However, he could tell that it was not a prescription. There were some drawings on it, as well as the names and illustrations of several minerals.

Besides, Xia ruofei saw the words on the last line. It was obvious that the content on this page was incomplete. In other words, the third and fourth pages, or even more pages, could form the complete content.

Xia ruofei did not feel dejected. On the contrary, he was quite excited.

The more and more complicated the content recorded on the page, the more benefits he could obtain.

It didn’t matter if he couldn’t see it for the time being. As long as he continued to use the spirit nourishment soup to improve his mental power level, it would only be a matter of time before he could crack the three light screens on the stone platform, let alone the contents of this booklet.

This was like a person inheriting an inheritance, but the person who left the inheritance to him clearly stated in his will that only when the heir reached the age of 10 could he receive a few percent of the inheritance, and until the age of 10 could he fully inherit it.

These legacies were always there, and no one could snatch them away.

Xia ruofei also speculated that the contents were similar to engineering drawings, which seemed to be made of some minerals and other materials.

This piqued Xia ruofei’s interest even more. Something that Qianqian could record in this booklet, and it was even after the body tempering soup and the spirit nourishing soup, must not be simple.

He desperately hoped that time would pass faster, and it would be best if it was a week later. That way, he could completely restore the contents of the third page.

Xia ruofei put the booklet back to its original place reluctantly. Then, he leaped onto the stone bed and sat cross – legged on the futon. When his spiritual power had fully recovered, he left the spirit map space with a thought.

Not long after lunch, Wu Liqian arrived at the farm.

This time, she was driving a white Buick Kaiyue.

After Xia ruofei ordered the gate to let them in, he went to the villa’s yard to wait. As soon as Wu Liqian’s car stopped, he went up to her with a smile. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Wu Liqian opened the door and stepped out of the car.

She was wearing a long black trench coat today, and her long hair was not tied up. It hung down casually and was gently lifted by the wind. She raised her hand to gently tidy up her hair that was blown by the wind, revealing her delicate face.

Wu Liqian looked to be at most 27 or 28 years old. With her youthful appearance today, people who didn’t know her would never believe that this delicate and beautiful woman was actually the deputy head of the Changping County. She was definitely a powerful Deputy – Level leader.

“Big sis Wu, welcome to our Paradise Farm for inspection and guidance!” Xia ruofei said with a smile.