Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 5: Supreme-grade Ice Lantern Jade Dew

After looking at it for a long time, Xia Ruofei unwillingly moved his gaze away from the crystal clear potted plant and looked at the clear pond with excitement.

Without a doubt, the reason why the potted plant underwent such a drastic change in such a short period of time was most likely because he had watered it with water from the pond previously. Of course, he could not rule out the possibility that the spiritual map space itself had a great effect on the growth of plants.

Regardless of the reason, Xia Ruofei had at least found a way to make money.

After Xia Ruoxin left the spiritual map space, the first thing he did was to search for information about the potted plant online.

Although the rental house was dilapidated and narrow, the facilities were still complete. This place was mainly rented to city workers or young people who had just graduated from university. Therefore, every room had a network access point.

The desktop computer he had bought before joining the army had now become useful.

After waiting for two to three minutes, the old desktop was finally turned on.

Xia Ruofei opened the browser and entered the search engine to search for information.

He searched for a long time but didn't find much useful information. However, he did find out that the lotus-shaped plant's name was Jade Dew and belonged to the twelfth volume of the encyclopedia. It was also one of the more popular cactus-type plant.

There were many types of Jade Dew. Xia Ruofei searched for a long time but could not find out what kind of Jade Dew was in the space and how much it was worth.

However, Xia Ruofei was certain that before the transformation of the Jade Dew, it was an extremely ordinary breed. The previous tenant was also not taking care of it and it was basically in a half-dead state. Furthermore, it was left behind in a room when they moved so it was definitely not worth much.

As for the mutated Jade Dew, Xia Ruofei could not find out anything about it.

Therefore, he simply entered the space again and took a few photos of the Jade Dew with his phone. Then, he returned to his room and uploaded the photos to the online forum for cactus plants.

After uploading it, Xia Ruofei did not bother about it anymore. He turned off the computer, showered, and went to sleep.

…

The next morning, after Xia Ruofei washed up, he did not even have time for breakfast. He took out the spiritual map that he kept close to himself and entered the spiritual map space.

The moment he entered, Xia Ruofei realized that the pot of Jade Dew had grown a lot bigger. The leaves were even more tender, and had changed from a tender green to a purple color. The layers within the leaves were even more distinct. The spots on the top of the leaves were almost completely transparent. The meaty leaves inside were crystal clear, making one feel like pinching them.

This space was really magical! A pot of ordinary Jade Dew that was about to dry up had only been watered with some water, and then put in the space for a night, and it had actually undergone a complete transformation!

Xia Ruofei was very excited.

He remembered the post the previous day, so he left the space and sat in front of the computer.

Xia Ruofei had just logged into his account on the forum when he received a series of notifications, which made him shocked. On closer look, there were almost 200 private messages.

It was a new account that was registered the previous night for the post. Why did so many people send him private messages overnight? Xia Ruofei mumbled to himself as she opened the private messages.

"Brother, where did you get this supreme-grade jade dew?"

"It's so beautiful! This is the best Ice Lantern Jade Dew!"

"Oh my god! Are you sure you didn't photoshop this picture? How can there be such a clear jade dew?"

…

The comments were all about the photos that Xia Ruofei uploaded the day before.

Xia Ruofei was not surprised because his account had only made two posts. The contents of the two posts were the same. "Please tell me what kind of jade dew this is. Is it worth a lot of money?" Then, he attached a photo. One of them was posted on the succulent plant forum while the other was posted on the jade dew forum.

Some comments were even more direct.

"I want this Supreme-grade Ice Lantern. Name any price! Phone number: 136XXXXXXXX…"

Even through the computer screen, he could feel that the person was rich.

Initially, Xia Ruofei only thought that the pot of Jade Dew looked much better after watering with the water from the pond the day before. As he did not have a deep understanding of the succulent plants, he did not know that his posts had already caused an uproar on both forums.

Xia Ruofei did not know what Ice Lantern Jade Dew was, but it looked like it was worth a lot of money! He opened his post with anticipation.

Compared to the private messages, the post was even more lively.

The two posts had dozens of pages of replies overnight. There were at least one or two thousand replies. It was as if the entire forum site had exploded.

Not only were there many comments in Xia Ruofei's post, but there were also quite a number of new posts discussing the jade dew that Xia Ruofei had posted.

Whether it was a reply or a new post, the views were roughly divided into two factions: positive and negative.

One side naturally bowed down to Xia Ruofei. They were full of admiration for Xia Ruofei for being able to nurture such Supreme-grade Ice Lantern Jade Dew. There were even people who clamored to acknowledge Xia Ruofei as their master.

The other group was skeptical.

Some people suspected that the pot of Jade Dew was not Ice Lantern. The reason was simple: they had never seen an Ice Lantern that had color gradiation from green to purple. Many people said that it was fake and had been applied with coloring.Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Furthermore, this pot of Jade Dew was crystal clear and looked like real jade. Some people even swore that it was definitely photoshopped by him.

A veteran who owned multiple succulent plants said that he had been exposed to many types of plants for more than ten years and had never seen such a perfect Ice Lantern Jade Dew. This also indirectly proved that the picture had been photoshopped.

The supporters refuted these views one by one. They analyzed the photo from different angles and insisted that it was definitely an Ice Lantern. Furthermore, it was an extremely rare variant. It was extremely beautiful and was definitely the best among ice lanterns and jade dews.

There were also many succulent plant owners who worked in the graphic design industry and analyzed from a technical point of view. They claimed that the photos were all original and had not even been edited. They were just raw images.

In short, the two forums were in a heated argument because of Xia Ruofei's post.

Xia Ruofei flipped through the posts and private messages and could not help but grin.

Xia Ruofei did not know any of the professional terms of "side sprouts", "brocade", "tree type". However, he was certain that the jade dew would be very valuable.

What Xia Ruofei lacked the most now was money.

A private message caught Xia Ruofei's attention.

"Brother, I am very interested in this Ice Lantern of yours. I wonder if you are willing to sell it? If you are, please consider me first. I will definitely give you a satisfactory price. I specialize in planting and selling succulent plants in Three Mountain City. I have my own workshop and shed. If you are worried, I can personally go to the city you are in. My phone number is 159XXXXXXXX. Hope to hear from you!"

It could be seen that this person's tone was rather sincere, and he happened to be in Three Mountain City. Having a transaction in the same city could reduce a lot of trouble for him.

Xia Ruofei pondered for a while, took out his phone, and dialed the number left in the private message.

The moment the call connected, a young voice came through the receiver.

"Hello!"

Xia Ruofei asked directly.

"Are you 'Cold Stirred Succulent' from the Jade Dew forum site?"

The voice on the other end of the line immediately became more enthusiastic.

"That's right. Do you want to buy succulent plants? We have a wide variety of them. There's the Myriad Elephant, Lifestone Flower, Jade Fan… Basically, I have all the succulent plants that are popular nowadays, and their quality is definitely top-notch."

It seemed that this 'Cold Stirred Succulent' was a cultivator of succulent plants. The place he owned was called "Immortal Succulent Store".

Hearing this strange name, Xia Ruofei was slightly stunned. Then, he said.

"Uh… I'm 'Bloodwolf' from the forum. You left me a private message last night…"

"Bloodwolf" was Xia Ruofei's username when he registered the day before. It was his code name when he served in the Lone Wolf Assault Team.

Xia Ruofei had deep feelings for this code name.

The person on the other end of the phone was stunned for a few seconds. Then, Xia Ruofei clearly heard the other party take in a breath of cold air. Then, his excited voice came through the phone.

"So you're Master Bloodwolf! Hello, hello… Hey, wait! So you're from Three Mountain City too? Oh my, this is such a coincidence! It must be fate!"

It was obvious that 'Cold Stirred Succulent' had noticed the origin of his location based on the caller ID. He was so excited that he became incoherent in his words.

Xia Ruofei smiled faintly and asked.

"Are you interested in my Ice Lantern?"

"Of course! I've been in the industry for succulent plants for so many years, but I've never seen such a beautiful supreme-grade Ice Lantern! This Ice Lantern is perfect in both shape and its transparency! And it's a mutant variant. It's simply perfect…"

With that said, his tone carried a hint of anticipation as he asked.

"Master Bloodwolf, are you… intending to sell this Ice Lantern?"

Even an idiot would be able to tell how much he wanted this exquisite Ice Lantern.

Xia Ruofei could not help but find it funny.

This 'Cold Stirred Succulent' did not seem like a businessman at all. If it was a real businessman, he would definitely not openly express his love for it when he was interested in buying it, because this might cause the other party to ask for a high price.

It was just a short interaction, but Xia Ruofei developed a good impression of this straightforward 'Cold Stirred Succulent'.

"If the price is reasonable, I can sell it to you," Xia Ruofei said after a moment of silence.