Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 408: A glorious mission (3)

However, Xia ruofei did not have such plans for the time being. To make a name for himself, the current scale was enough.

Now, the orchard was also full of fruit trees, and only the fish pond in the periphery was still empty.

Cao tieshu had looked for Xia ruofei several times about this matter. He felt that it was a pity to leave such a good fish pond empty.

Xia ruofei did not think so. He had been thinking about the use of the fish pond these days, but he did not have a good idea. He felt that it was better to leave it empty and wait until he found a suitable project instead of raising the commonly used fish. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

This was because grass carps, chubs, and carps could be sold at several times the market price even with the Paradise corporation’s brand. In Xia ruofei’s opinion, the profit was not much. Moreover, these common edible fish would not help to expand the Paradise corporation’s brand influence. After all, his fish pond was only so big. Even if he expanded it, it was impossible to achieve a large – scale breeding.

Hence, before he could find a suitable project, Xia ruofei would rather leave the fish pond empty.

The space was also thriving.

The iron – Skin Dendrobium in the original space was almost ready to be picked. The ginseng, Phoebe zhennan, and the young red Dragon were all growing very well.

In the new space, the hornet’s nest had grown a lot bigger. Xia ruofei was delighted to find that the bee colony’s scale seemed to have expanded. With the increase in his mental strength, he could now easily control nearly 300 hornet’s nest.

Blackie and the rest were nourished by the rich spiritual energy every day and grew very fast. They were all fat and strong. Xia ruofei was prepared to bring them out to the outside world after a while. With them and lightning, the safety of Peach Blossom Farm would be more guaranteed.

In these ten days, Xia ruofei did not forget to make the body tempering soup and the spirit nourishing soup.

During this period, he had taken the body tempering soup three more times. Although the effects were not as obvious as the previous two times, he could still make great progress with each consumption. He could now practice the second set of movements of the little golden man and could persist for about ten minutes.

After practicing non – stop every day, Xia ruofei’s physical fitness had improved a lot. He had never practiced any lightness skills, but he felt as light as a swallow. As for his strength, it had increased by a lot. Now, Xia ruofei did not dare to experiment recklessly in the medium, but he secretly tried it on the back mountain. When he punched a rock, he actually left a deep mark, but his hand was not injured at all.

Besides, Xia ruofei had also taken the pregnancy soup.

Similarly, the spirit bearing soup was the same as the body tempering soup. Although it could be consumed for a long time, the effect would definitely not be as good as the first and second time. Even so, Xia ruofei was still able to restore the contents of the third page of the booklet after using it.

However, to Xia ruofei’s slight disappointment, the content could not fit in one page. The third page probably only contained a small part of the content, and he could not figure out anything. Perhaps he would have to Restore the Fourth or even fifth page to complete it.

However, according to the contents on the third page, Xia ruofei felt that the “spiritual puppet” recorded here should not be simple. Just the materials recorded on the third page alone were many that Xia ruofei had never heard of.

He could not wait to Restore the Fourth page, but with his current spirit power, it was beyond his ability. He could only wait patiently.

……

On this day, Xia ruofei brought some Taoyuan vegetables and a few space grass carp and drove to the city in a pickup truck.

Lin Qiao was going to take the college entrance examination this year. Xia ruofei was worried that Hu Zi’s mother would not be willing to spend money, so he would send some vegetables, fruits, and fish from the interspace every once in a while. These agricultural products in the interspace were rich in nutrition and were the most suitable for Lin Qiao to take the college entrance examination.

Xia ruofei arrived at the forestry Bureau’s residence that Hu Zi’s mother and Lin Qiao had rented. Just as he was about to carry his things upstairs, the phone in his pocket rang.