Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

42 Â Throw it out (1)

Â  Â  "He Dong! What are you trying to do?" Hearing this, Ling Qingxue's anger surged and she rebuked loudly,"I personally confirmed the collaboration with Xia ruofei. Who are you to deny it?"

Â  He Dong revealed an innocent expression as he spread his hands and said,"

Â  "Manager Ling, I'm doing this for the sake of the public! He was also acting according to the company's regulations. The standards and principles of the procurement department were personally decided by the chairman, and I don't dare to violate them! Mr. Xia, you don't have a qualified vegetable plantation base, nor do you have the identification certificate from the relevant organization. I really don't dare to purchase such products ..."

Â  Xia ruofei could feel he Dong's deep enmity towards him. Although he was not clear about the whole story, he could roughly guess it. It was probably because he Dong had some feelings for Ling Qingxue and thus treated him as a love rival!

Â  Under such circumstances, Xia ruofei decided to just stand by and watch.

Â  Ling Qingxue snorted and said,"

Â  "He Dong, stop talking nonsense! I've personally tested and tasted these new vegetables. Would I harm my own company?"

Â  He Dong glanced at Xia ruofei and said in a strange tone,"

Â  "Manager Ling, you're the little princess of Ling Ji F & B. Of course, you wouldn't do anything bad to the company on purpose. However, I'm worried that you're still inexperienced and have been deceived by someone! A few thousand Yuan a day is indeed nothing to Ling Ji restaurant, but if these ingredients have safety issues, it won't be as simple as a few thousand Yuan. That will be a devastating blow to Ling Ji restaurant's brand image!"

Â  The more he Dong spoke, the more serious his words became. He made it seem like everything he did was for the company. Ling Qingxue was so angry that she gritted her teeth and stared at he Dong.

Â  "Manager he, it seems that you've been doing too well in the company recently, and you're not able to maintain your position! I think you don't want to work in Ling Ji F & B anymore!"

Â  He Dong had an aggrieved expression as he said,"

Â  "In all honesty, I have always been loyal to the company. Even if miss Ling wants to fire me because of today's incident, I will still stick to my principles. But I believe that uncle Ling ... No, Chairman Ling will understand my difficulties ..."

Â  It was obvious that this he Dong didn't seem to be afraid and didn't take Ling Qingxue's threat seriously.

Â  Ling Qingxue's perky chest heaved up and down in anger, and she glared at he Dong with her almond - shaped eyes, as if they were about to spew fire. This was clearly the prelude to her rage.

Â  It was only then that Xia ruofei used his eyes to stop Ling Qingxue. Then, with a faint smile, he looked at he Dong and asked,

Â  "Manager he, I have a question to ask."

Â  "You say it!" He Dong's eyes flashed with pride as he looked down at Xia ruofei.

Â  "You haven't seen the new vegetable I've been providing since you came in, have you?" Xia ruofei asked.

Â  The corners of he Dong's mouth twitched, and he said arrogantly,"

Â  "I don't need to look! You don't even have the most basic qualifications, so you're not qualified to be a supplier of our Ling Ji F & B!"

Â  "He Dong! Don't be too arrogant!" Ling Qingxue chided.

Â  He Dong shrugged and said,"

Â  "Manager Ling, although it's not nice to hear, it's the truth! All of our vegetable ingredients come from the green planting base that the company has a share in. Pure green vegetables have always been a sign of our company's publicity. Mr. Xia's so - called new vegetable, in my opinion, has an unknown origin. As the procurement Manager, I have the right to reject this purchase!"

Â  Before Ling Qingxue could speak, Xia ruofei waved his hand to stop her. Then, he looked at he Dong and asked,"

Â  "So you're saying there's no way to talk about this business?"

Â  He Dong had a mocking smile on his face as he said,"

Â  "You think too highly of yourself! If it wasn't for Qingxue's insistence, would I have the time to listen to your nonsense? Do you know how busy I am every day?"

Â  After he finished speaking, he Dong looked around with a proud expression and continued,"

Â  "This house looks like something, but I think I heard you say something just now? You rented it, right?"

Â  Then, he looked at the pickup truck that was parked at the side and sneered,"

Â  "Mr. Xia's car is quite new, could it be that you rented it? But I don't think that's the case, you can probably afford a small pickup ..."

Â  Seeing that he Dong was getting more and more excited, Ling Qingxue finally couldn't hold back her anger. She coldly rebuked,"

Â  "He Dong, you're too much! Apologize to RUO Fei immediately!"

Â  Xia ruofei waved his hand and said,"

Â  "There's no need for an apology, but since the business deal has failed, can I trouble manager he ... To help me close the door from the outside?"

Â  He Dong didn't react in time and subconsciously asked,"

Â  "What do you mean by that?"

Â  Xia ruofei said indifferently,"

Â  "I mean ..."

Â  When he said this, he suddenly raised his voice several times, and his voice became extremely sharp."

Â  "I told you to F * cking get as far away as you can!"

Â  He Dong jumped in shock and subconsciously took a step back. Then, he revealed a resentful expression and pointed at Xia ruofei with a trembling finger."

Â  "You ... Do you know who you're talking to?"

Â  Xia ruofei looked at he Dong with disdain and turned to the small truck driver."

Â  "Sir, please drive the car back! I'm really sorry for making you come here in vain ..."

Â  The driver was also an employee of Ling Ji restaurant. When he heard this, he turned his questioning gaze to Ling Qingxue. Ling Qingxue sighed inwardly. She knew that this matter would definitely not be completed today, so she nodded her head slightly.

Â  After getting permission, the driver jumped into the driver's seat and started the car without saying a word. He then drove out of the villa yard.

Â  Xia ruofei strode towards he Dong.

Â  He Dong looked at the aggressive Xia ruofei and was scared. He asked in a trembling voice,"

Â  "What do you want to do? Don't come over! Do you dare to touch me?"

Â  Xia ruofei walked to he Dong in a few steps and grabbed his collar with one hand. Like picking up a little chick, he lifted he Dong up with one hand and threw him lightly. He Dong's entire body flew up and landed right on his butt outside the courtyard door.

Â  Xia ruofei clapped his hands and said,"

Â  "No problem! I don't have much to do today, so I can definitely be a good listener! Come, come, 10:13

come ... Come in, come in. You haven't seen my new home yet! Come in and take a look!"

Â  "You're not welcome in my territory! If you don't get lost, your legs will be broken!"

Â  He Dong groaned as he got up from the ground, and he shouted in exasperation,"

Â  "Just you wait! Hmph! As long as I'm in Ling Ji F & B, don't even think about your vegetables coming in! You country bumpkin ..."

Â  Xia ruofei pretended to chase after him. He Dong was so scared that he peed his pants and ran to the small truck. He pulled open the door and got in. His movements were more agile than a monkey.

Â  Xia ruofei couldn't help but laugh and said,"

Â  "I'll make it clear today, I'm going to let all of my vegetables enter Ling Ji F & B! However ... I'm afraid you won't be able to stay until that day!"

Â  The small truck quickly drove away from the villa.

Â  Ling Qingxue was still in the courtyard with an apologetic look on her face. She walked in front of Xia ruofei and said in a low voice," ViiSiit nğ’velbğ’Š/n(.)c/(ğ’)m for lğ’‚test ğ’ğ’vels

Â  "Ruofei, I'm sorry! I didn't expect things to turn out like this!"

Â  Xia ruofei laughed and said,"

Â  "Student Qingxue, it seems like you still haven't established your prestige as the Ling Ji's young miss! Even a small department manager is disobeying you!"

Â  Ling Qingxue's expression darkened, and she said in a low voice,"

Â  "The situation here is a little complicated ... Let me slowly explain to you ..."

Â  Xia ruofei quickly said,"

Â  "Don't misunderstand, I'm just joking, I don't have any intention of blaming you! Besides, you don't have to explain anything to me!"

Â  Ling Qingxue glanced at Xia ruofei with a hint of resentment in her eyes and said,"

Â  "Then I want to complain to you. Is that okay?"

Â  Xia ruofei chuckled and said,"

Â  "No problem! I don't have much to do today, so I can definitely be a good listener! Come, come, come ... Come in, come in. You haven't seen my new home yet! Come in and take a look!"

Â  When Ling Qingxue heard this, the haze in her heart seemed to dissipate. A bright smile appeared on her face as she said,"

Â  "Alright! I'd like to try your cooking again at noon, is that okay?"

Â  Xia ruofei said readily,"

Â  "No problem!"

Â  [PS] let's promote the book group: 300769830, there's a cute girl here, come quickly! "In addition, as usual, please click, recommend, and add to your collection. Thank you for your support!