Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 411: Xia ruofei’s anger (3)

However, Lu You shook her head and placed the money on the table. Then, she quickly left the restaurant.

Song Rui was dumbfounded. He muttered to himself,””Why is everyone so strange today?”

As he spoke, his eyes could not help but fall on the cup in front of him. There was half a cup of water in it. It was obvious that someone had been sitting there and had chatted with Lu You for a while before leaving.

“What’s the situation?” Song Rui scratched his head and muttered to himself.

……

After Lu You walked out of the restaurant quickly, she immediately looked around but did not see Xia ruofei. She sighed faintly and felt a little lost.

Xia ruofei’s cold gaze before he left was like a needle that pierced her heart. Standing on the street where the cars flowed like water, the warm spring sun shone on her body, but Lu You could not feel any warmth at all. She felt as if she had lost something very important, and there was no trace of it even if she wanted to find it.

……

Xia ruofei drove the pickup truck out of the city, still filled with resentment.

In the past, Lu You had the temperament of a spoiled princess. When she was with him, there were always quarrels. However, Xia ruofei would not fuss about it. In his eyes, Lu You was just a spoiled child, but she was not a bad person.

But this time, Lu You had gone too far and Xia ruofei was very angry.

Lu You clearly knew that she, song Rui, and the song family all knew each other. Xia ruofei still remembered that a few days ago, Lu You had come to Taoyuan farm to get the jaded skin cream. She had heard on the phone that Madam song and song Rui were visiting the farm. After that, she had acted out of character and did not enter the house. Instead, she had asked Xia ruofei to give the jaded skin cream away. Now that he thought about it, the marriage had already been decided at that time. Both parties must have met.

Under such circumstances, Lu You actually concealed the truth and made him her shield. This was a little too much.

Xia ruofei did not have much of an identity or background. He only got to know those high – ranking officials and wealthy businessmen by chance. He did not have much of a background.

Moreover, Lu You did not know beforehand that song Rui was also extremely against this marriage. She even thought that song Rui had asked her out today to pursue her further. Under such circumstances, Lu You should be able to think of the consequences of using Xia ruofei as a shield.

The best – Case scenario was that Xia ruofei and the song brothers would turn against each other. The worst – Case scenario was that Xia ruofei might offend the song family, a wealthy family, and Tian Huilan, a member of the Standing Committee of the southeast province.

No matter which side it was, Xia ruofei was unable to resist them. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

It would not be an exaggeration to say that Xia ruofei’s thriving business could suffer a devastating blow overnight, unless he completely gave up the domestic market and switched to overseas.

Although Xia ruofei knew that all of this would not happen, Lu You could not have predicted it from her perspective. However, she still called Xia ruofei along. It was already the time she had agreed to meet Song Rui, but she still did not tell Xia ruofei everything.

This made Xia ruofei feel as if he had been deceived. In addition, he was very clear about song Rui’s thoughts and knew very well that Lu You did not need a shield. Hence, he got up and left the dining room without hesitation.

The car was speeding along the highway around the city, and rock music was playing in the car. Xia ruofei’s expression was ugly as he stepped on the gas pedal. Only the speed of the car could vent the dissatisfaction in his heart.

……

After Lu You left impression Jiangnan restaurant, she did not return to school. Instead, she drove around the city aimlessly. Unknowingly, she had arrived at the bank of Min River. After she parked the car, she came to the bank of Min River and sat there, staring at the surging River in a daze.

Unknowingly, Lu You had sat for the entire afternoon. For the entire afternoon, her mind was in a mess. The scenes of her past interactions with Xia ruofei flashed through her mind like a movie. Her eyes unknowingly became wet.

Night fell quietly. Lu You stood up. She heard loud music in the distance and saw flashing neon lights. She walked in that direction.