Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 420: The dissipation of ill – feelings (1)

Xia ruofei carried the unconscious Lu You to the front of the Knight XV SUV.

He carried Lu You on his shoulder and opened the door of the front passenger seat. Then, he stuffed Lu You into the car and carefully fastened the seat belt for her.

Xia ruofei saw that Lu You was sitting in the seat and her body was leaning to one side involuntarily. Hence, he leaned back in the front passenger seat so that she could lie down.

Then, Xia ruofei thought for a while and took off his coat to cover Lu You. He then closed the door, walked around the front of the car, and climbed into the driver’s seat.

Xia ruofei lit a cigarette and turned to look at Lu You. He started to think about how to arrange her.

However, things had gotten out of hand today, so Xia ruofei decided to leave first.

He started the car and quickly left the midnight Dream bar.

When the car reached jiangbin road, Xia ruofei made the decision to bring Lu You back to Taoyuan farm.

His first thought was to send Lu You home, but now that Lu You reeked of alcohol and was completely drunk, he would definitely be punished if Tian Huilan found out.

Moreover, Lu You usually stayed in the school dormitory. As long as he did not say anything, Tian Huilan would definitely not notice. Hence, Xia ruofei quickly decided to help Lu You hide this matter.

As for sending her back to her dormitory, Xia ruofei quickly rejected the idea.

There were too many people in the dormitory, and Lu You was so drunk. As long as he sent Lu You back, it would probably spread throughout the entire Sanshan University the next day. That would be no different from telling Tian Huilan directly.

Of course, Xia ruofei could also find a hotel nearby to settle Lu You in.

However, in this case, he would have to stay in the city to take care of Lu You. He would have to book two rooms and bring a girl to the room. It would not sound good no matter what. Furthermore, there would definitely be surveillance cameras everywhere in the hotel. In the future, if Tian Huilan found out about what happened in the bar today, those surveillance videos would definitely not be able to hide from her. Then, Xia ruofei would not be able to explain himself even if he was full of mouths.

Hence, after weighing the pros and cons, Xia ruofei decided to bring Lu You back to Taoyuan farm.

Anyway, it was night time now. Other than the construction site, there were only Lei Hu and a few other security guards. Even ye Lingyun and Li Zhifu had gone to Mount Wuyi. There was no one else in the villa. He would not cause any gossip if he brought Lu You back.

After making up his mind, Xia ruofei immediately turned the car around and went down the side road of jiangbin road. He passed through the city and went on the highway from the north of the city. Then, he drove directly to Taoyuan farm.

The Taoyuan farm was quiet at night, and it was peaceful and quiet.

Xia ruofei parked the car in the villa’s yard, then turned around and gently touched Lu You’s shoulder. He tried to call out,””Lu You, Lu You ...”

Lu You had no reaction. Xia ruofei smiled bitterly and shook his head. After he got out of the car, he went around to the front passenger seat and opened the door to unbuckle Lu You’s seat belt.

Without the restraint of the safety belt, Lu You’s body tilted towards Xia ruofei. Xia ruofei held her and carried her on his shoulder. Then, he closed the car door and carried her into the villa.

Xia ruofei carried Lu You up to the second floor and opened the door to the room next to his.

This was the second bedroom on the second floor. Ye Lingyun and the others usually stayed on the first floor. This room had never been used, but the bedsheets and blankets were ready. It also had its own bathroom, but it was slightly smaller than the master bedroom and did not have a large balcony. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Xia ruofei placed Lu You on the sofa first. Then, he opened the cabinet and took out the bedsheets and blankets. He made the bed very quickly and carried Lu You to the bed.

There was a strong smell of alcohol on Lu You’s body. Xia ruofei couldn’t help but shake his head. This girl really didn’t know the severity of the situation. She actually dared to drink so much in a chaotic place like a bar.

Xia ruofei did not know that even though Lu You had drunk a lot, she was not that drunk. She was only like this now because Fang Luo’s subordinate had forced her to drink an entire bottle of wine.

After Lu You laid on the soft bed, she turned her body unconsciously. With the blanket between her legs, she adopted a more comfortable position.

Xia ruofei’s heart wavered when he saw this. He quickly took a deep breath to calm himself down. Then, he gently pulled the blanket from under Lu You’s body and carefully covered her with it.

At this moment, Lu You suddenly muttered,””Xia ruofei ... I ... I didn’t mean to use you ... But I had no other choice ... Don’t ... Don’t ignore me ...”

Xia ruofei was stunned for a moment. He raised his head and looked at Lu You. He realized that Lu You had not woken up. Her eyes were still closed. These words were just her subconscious murmurs.

Xia ruofei sighed and said softly,””I won’t blame you anymore ... You should have a good sleep. You’ll be fine when you wake up tomorrow ...”

This afternoon, Xia ruofei was indeed very angry. He had a feeling that he had been deeply deceived. However, now that he thought about it, Lu You had been pampered since she was young and her family was well – off. Perhaps she did not think so deeply and did not know that if he really became her shield, he would be in a very bad situation. Thinking about this, Xia ruofei’s anger dissipated by half.

In addition, Lu You had obviously gone to the bar for a drink because they had parted on bad terms at noon. Now that she was so drunk, she was still thinking about this matter. The trace of unhappiness in Xia ruofei’s heart had long disappeared.

Just as Xia ruofei was about to stand up, Lu You, who was on the bed, twisted her body again. Her face revealed a panicked expression as she muttered,””Don’t come over ... Let me go ... No... Xia ruofei ... Save me ... Save me ...”

Xia ruofei quickly patted Lu You’s back gently through the blanket and comforted her in a low voice. After a while, Lu You slowly calmed down.

Xia ruofei sat on the bed and looked at Lu You’s beautiful face. He had mixed feelings in his heart. This was probably the first time in her life that this girl had suffered such a huge shock. He wondered if it would leave a psychological shadow ...

Xia ruofei sat for a while. Seeing that Lu You had calmed down, he prepared to go back to his room to take a shower.

However, at this moment, Lu You suddenly coughed again, and it was a very bad cough.

“Oh ...”

Lu You coughed and coughed until she vomited. She was lying on her side and vomited all over the bed. The pillow, bedsheets, and blanket were all in a mess. Xia ruofei was patting her back to calm her down and was caught off guard. His body was also stained with a lot of vomit.

A sour and stinky smell immediately filled the room.

“Who have I offended ...” Xia ruofei could not help but laugh bitterly and shook his head helplessly.

He couldn’t be bothered to clean up the vomit on his body. He quickly went over to help Lu You up and moved her to the relatively clean side of the bed. He let her lean against the head of the bed in a half – lying position. If she was still lying flat, the vomit might block her respiratory tract and cause her to suffocate.

Then, Xia ruofei took out a tissue from the tissue box on the bedside table and cleaned up the vomit on his body. He then ran to the bathroom to get a hot towel and carefully cleaned Lu You up.

Xia ruofei wiped her face and mouth clean of the vomit.

Then, he carried Lu You and walked towards his bedroom. Yingying’s room could no longer be slept in. It was messy and filled with the smell of alcohol and a sour smell.

He went to his bedroom and placed Lu You on the bed. Xia ruofei turned on the heater and took out a set of warm autumn clothes from his closet. There were no women’s clothes here, so he could only let Lu You wear his own.

……

Xia ruofei took the clothes he had just changed out of to the bathroom, washed the vomit off them, and threw them all into the washing machine.

As for the bedsheets, pillows, and blankets in the other room, Xia ruofei rolled them up and threw them on the balcony. He was going to throw them away the next day.

Xia ruofei returned to his room and went to the bathroom to take off his dirty clothes. He washed off the vomit on them and threw them into the washing machine. He poured in some detergent and turned on the switch.

He then went to the bathroom to take a shower.

When he came out, Xia ruofei saw that the washing machine was still running. He changed into clean clothes and went to the balcony to smoke a cigarette. His mind was also thinking about what had happened today.

The incident at the bar today was quite big. Although he had taken all the surveillance data with him before he left, it was hard to guarantee that he would not be traced back to him. Lu You would definitely have a lot of things to do when she woke up tomorrow. Also, he had gone to the city to set up a bunch of red lights today. Those traffic tickets would be a problem ...

The more Xia ruofei thought about it, the more confused he felt. He decided not to think about it and wait until he woke up tomorrow.

At this moment, he heard the sound of the washing machine, indicating that the clothes had been washed.

Xia ruofei took the washed clothes to the balcony and hung them up. Then, he returned to his room. He thought about it and was still a little worried about Lu You. In addition, the room next door had a sour smell. Xia ruofei did not want to sleep in that kind of environment.

With a thought, he took out a sleeping bag from the spirit map space and spread it out on the floor. Then he got into the sleeping bag.

After a while, the room was filled with Xia ruofei’s soft snores, and there was also the sound of soft breathing in between ...