Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 424: Lu You has changed (1)

Xia ruofei first turned on the surveillance video from the camera at the entrance of the bar.

Very soon, he saw Lu You’s figure on the surveillance screen.

Lu You was all alone. She had a look of hesitation on her face. She hesitated at the door of the bar and walked in.

Xia ruofei took a look at the time displayed on the surveillance screen. Then, he quickly found the surveillance video of the bar’s interior. He pulled the progress bar to the corresponding time and saw the scene of Lu You walking in from the door.

Xia ruofei saw Lu You sitting in front of the bar counter. Hence, he found the image of a camera behind the bar counter among the many surveillance cameras. After zooming in to the corresponding time, he saw Lu You in the image.

This camera was facing Lu You’s position, so he could see it very clearly.

The surveillance video was playing on the computer. Xia ruofei lit a cigarette and sat in front of the computer, watching silently.

Seeing Lu You ordering a strong rum with a bleak expression and drinking alone at the bar, Xia ruofei felt his heart ache for no reason.

In the image, Lu You’s expression was wooden as she drank one cup after another. During this time, many people came to strike up a conversation with her, but they were all rejected by Lu You coldly.

After watching for a while, Xia ruofei’s eyes narrowed. He saw a burly man, who was obviously a bar Guardsman, walking behind Lu You.

As expected, a conflict broke out very quickly. Lu You ran away after kicking the burly man and disappeared from the surveillance camera’s range very quickly.

Xia ruofei saw a few burly men chasing after Lu You. Although he knew that Lu You did not suffer any substantial injuries in the end, Xia ruofei’s expression still turned very ugly.

Very quickly, he found Lu You’s figure in the surveillance video of the corridor outside the bathroom. When he saw Lu You hiding in the bathroom and a few burly men kicking at the door outside, he could not help but clench his fists.

Xia ruofei looked at the time and then turned on his phone. This was the time when Lu You had called him for help but to no avail. She then sent him a WeChat message.

Xia ruofei could imagine how helpless Lu You must have felt at that time. His heartstrings could not help but tremble again.

Very quickly, the men broke through the door and left. Then, Lu You, who was resisting fiercely, was carried to the second floor by them.

He was simply lawless! Xia ruofei snorted in his heart. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

He had been ruthless the day before. A few of them would definitely be crippled for life. He had attacked in a fit of anger and had not considered much. Now that he had seen these videos, Xia ruofei felt that he had been too lenient. He should have crippled every single one of them.

Xia ruofei also noticed that Lu You had been awake throughout the entire process and had been resisting fiercely. However, when he saw her, she was completely drunk. He thought of the empty wine bottle he saw in the room last night and understood what was going on.

Naturally, there were no surveillance cameras in that room. However, Xia ruofei still watched for a while. He realized that after Lu You was locked in that room, Fang Luo’s figure only appeared on the surveillance screen after more than ten minutes.

Xia ruofei was also rejoicing. If Fang Luo had not delayed her for more than ten minutes, Lu You might not have been able to wait for him to save her and would have been defiled by that bastard.

After all, Taoyuan farm was 20 to 30 kilometers away from the city. Xia ruofei could not fly there.

Soon, Xia ruofei saw himself in the video with a murderous look on his face. At this time, he had already finished off brother Hu and the others on the first floor and was rushing up.

A few burly men who were guarding the door rushed forward and were easily defeated by Xia ruofei. Then, he kicked the door open without hesitation and quickly pulled out a military dagger and threw it.

The video ended there. Due to the angle, the camera could not see what was happening in the room. However, since Xia ruofei had experienced it personally, there was no need to see it anymore.

After Xia ruofei finished watching the video, he leaned back in his chair and heaved a long sigh of relief. He was still afraid.

At this moment, he suddenly felt heavy breathing behind him. He quickly turned around and realized that Lu You was standing behind him. Her eyes were fixed on the computer screen. Her eyes were filled with fear, and her body was trembling.

Xia ruofei quickly stood up.

He had focused all his attention on the surveillance video just now. In addition, he was in an absolutely safe environment. He did not notice when Lu You had appeared behind him.

From the looks of it now, it was obvious that Lu You had been here for a while. She must have seen the scenes that had left a huge psychological shadow in her heart.

Xia ruofei went up and put his arm around Lu You’s shoulder.””Don’t be afraid, it’s all in the past ...”

Lu You nodded her head heavily and could not help but lean her face against Xia ruofei’s broad chest. Tears flowed out of her eyes and quickly drenched Xia ruofei’s clothes.

Xia ruofei hugged Lu You with one hand and patted her back with the other. He kept consoling her.

Lu You’s entire body was trembling. She had just watched the entire process again, and her heart was filled with fear and lingering fear. She was very clear that last night could be said to have been a close call. If Xia ruofei had not arrived in time, she did not dare to imagine the consequences.

At that time, even if her mother was a member of the Standing Committee of the Provincial Party Committee, it would be of no use.