Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

45 Â Lu You (1)

Â  Â  Xia ruofei looked up and saw a young and beautiful girl at the door of the room.

Â  She was wearing a pair of tight - fitting blue jeans and a loose, long Korean knitted shirt. She had a pair of white canvas shoes on her feet, a large silver bracelet on her tender arm, and a linen slanted bag on her back. She was full of youth.

Â  Although the young lady was only in her twenties, her body was already very mature. Her figure was curvaceous, her skin was very white, and her facial features were quite exquisite. She looked like a porcelain doll.

Â  At this time, the girl's delicate face had a hint of coquettishness. Her cherry - like lips were slightly pouted, and her big watery eyes looked at professor Tian with grievance.

Â  Professor Tian said with a straight face,"

Â  "Youyou, didn't your mother tell you that tonight's banquet is very important? You're late and you're still in the right?"

Â  Youyou lowered her head slightly and glanced at professor Tian. She muttered,"

Â  "Isn't it just five minutes late? You just love to go overboard ..."

Â  Although her voice was soft, professor Tian heard it. He glared at Youyou and was about to reprimand her when Xia ruofei saw this and quickly said,"

Â  "It's fine, it's fine ... Professor Tian, isn't it just a simple meal? Besides, the timing is just right ..."

Â  Professor Tian's face brightened up a little and said,"

Â  "Since Xiao Xia interceded for you, let's forget about this. Don't be so undisciplined next time, understand?"

Â  Youyou stuck out her tongue and said,"

Â  "Oh, I know ..."

Â  When professor Tian had criticized Youyou, Tian Huilan had remained silent. Although she was the mayor, she was still a dutiful daughter. She heaved a sigh of relief when she saw the situation. Fortunately, Xia was there. Otherwise, her stubborn father would have reprimanded Youyou.

Â  Tian Huilan said,

Â  "Little Xia, let me introduce you. This is my daughter, Lu You, a student of the three mountains University. Youyou, this is Xia ruofei, grandpa's Savior. "

Â  Xia ruofei took the initiative to smile and greet Lu You. Lu You sized Xia ruofei up curiously and Â  Wu Liqian began to get busy asking the waiter to inform them to serve the dishes, prepare drinks, 16:19

wine, and other things.

then nodded at Xia ruofei indifferently.

Â  Seeing this, professor Tian's expression turned ugly. Tian Huilan quickly said,

Â  "Little Xia, everyone's here. Why don't we take our seats?"

Â  "Alright!" Xia ruofei said.

Â  Professor Tian held back his anger and personally led Xia ruofei to the Round Table.

Â  The group arrived at the Round Table. Professor Tian and Tian Huilan pulled Xia ruofei to the main seat. Naturally, Xia ruofei could not really sit down. After several rejections, professor Tian took the main seat. Xia ruofei and Tian Huilan sat on the left and right sides of professor Tian.

Â  Lu You naturally sat beside her mother.

Â  Wu Liqian began to get busy asking the waiter to inform them to serve the dishes, prepare drinks, wine, and other things.

Â  "Little Wu, sit down and eat together! These things can be done by the waiters. " Tian Huilan said.

Â  "Yes, thank you, Mayor!" Wu Liqian's eyes flashed with a hint of joy.

Â  This was a very private banquet, and it was basically a family dinner. The fact that Tian Huilan allowed Wu Liqian to sit at the table showed that she treated her as a trusted subordinate.

Â  Wu Liqian sat beside Xia ruofei. She understood that her main task tonight was to serve Xia ruofei well.

Â  Since the mayor was treating them to a meal, the "West River moon" club naturally made full preparations. Therefore, the dishes were served after they sat down for a while.

Â  After the wine was poured, professor Tian raised his glass and said to Xia ruofei,"

Â  "Little Xia, I'll toast you the first glass of wine alone! If it wasn't for you, my old bones would have died there that day ..."

Â  Xia ruofei smiled and clinked glasses with professor Tian. The two of them raised their heads and drank the wine. Professor Tian laughed and said,"

Â  "I heard from Huilan that you're a retired soldier? Drinking is indeed refreshing!"

Â  "When an elder toasts, I can't not be happy!" Xia ruofei smiled and said,

Â  He liked the old man's personality. Although he was a University professor, he didn't put on airs. He was down - to - Earth and had a straightforward personality. Xia ruofei, who was born in the military, liked to deal with people like this.

Â  "By the way, professor Tian, how's your recovery going?" Xia ruofei asked again.

Â  "I'm all well!" Professor Tian said happily,"the test results showed that he was very healthy. Some of the indicators were even better than before! Little Xia, what you gave me that day must have been a miraculous elixir! In any case, the treatment in the People's Hospital would definitely not be so effective! I understand them!"

Â  Hearing this, Tian Huilan couldn't help but reveal an expression of not knowing whether to laugh or cry. This old man really dared to say anything!

Â  Lu You also had a look of disapproval on her face.

Â  To be honest, Lu You's first impression of her grandfather's Savior wasn't very good. The reason was ridiculous. She originally had an event to attend at school today, so she didn't want to come to this meal at all. However, professor Tian insisted that she had to be there. He said that this was the only way that it could be considered a family banquet and a sign of sincerity.

Â  After she had arranged everything, she rushed to the club, but she was criticized by professor Tian for being only five minutes late.

Â  In Lu You's opinion, all of this was because of Xia ruofei.

Â  Moreover, Lu You's father had sacrificed himself for work when she was very young. Her mother had always been very busy with work and often could not take care of her. She lacked love and was naturally a little rebellious.

Â  In addition, Tian Huilan was now in a high position, so Lu You's personality had become a little arrogant.

Â  In her opinion, those who were close to her family most likely had ulterior motives, even if Xia ruofei did not know who professor Tian was when he saved him.

Â  Xia ruofei did not know what Lu You was thinking. After hearing professor Tian's words, he only smiled and said,"

Â  "It's not really a panacea. It's just some Chinese medicine I made according to the ancient formula, and it just so happens that this liquid has a certain effect on myocardial infarction,"

Â  Professor Tian sighed,"

Â  "China's Traditional Chinese Medicine is so profound! The funny thing is that some people look down on Traditional Chinese Medicine and even call them witch doctors. They're really frogs in a well!"

Â  Fang Yang smiled and nodded, agreeing with professor Tian. Then, he thought for a moment and said,"

Â  "By the way, professor Tian, I also made some of the same liquid as last time. You can take it back and take a small amount of it regularly. Not only can it further improve heart and lung function, but it is also very useful for the health care of the elderly!"

Â  Xia ruofei took out a small, flat, stainless - Steel wine pot and handed it to professor Tian.

Â  Xia ruofei had originally prepared this for himself in case of an emergency. Today, he had hit it off with professor Tian, so he simply gave it to him. He would just prepare another set for himself when the time came.

Â  "Oh, really? Then it would be impolite of me to refuse!" Professor Tian said happily. Then, he took the small wine pot as if it was a treasure and carefully put it in his pocket.

Â  Tian Huilan also said,

Â  "Thank you, Xia!"

Â  She didn't believe Xia ruofei's medicine completely and even disapproved of it a little. In her opinion, the hospital was the main reason why her father could fully recover and even get better than before. Xia ruofei's medicine had only controlled his condition during the first aid.

Â  However, Xia ruofei had good intentions and he was her father's Savior, so Tian Huilan still expressed her gratitude very politely.

Â  Lu You watched coldly from the side and muttered in her heart,"This is it ... Hmph! Ingratiating himself for no reason!

Â  The young lady had a preconceived idea and was not pleased with Xia ruofei. She simply didn't say anything and only focused on eating.

Â  However, Xia ruofei did not notice the change in Lu You's mood and continued to chat happily with professor Tian. The two of them seemed to have become friends despite their age.

Â  And Tian Huilan could only occasionally interject with a sentence or two. Vissit novelbin(.)c.ğ’m for updates

Â  As for Wu Liqian, she spent most of her time serving Xia ruofei and pouring him wine.

Â  After eating for a while, someone knocked on the door.

Â  President Zheng of the club personally came in with a plate of stir - fried water spinach ...