Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 47 Â President Zheng's olive branch (1)

Â  Â  In a small building deep in the West River Moon Club, President Zheng was serving Xia ruofei a cup of tea that he had personally brewed. He then said,"

Â  "Mr. Xia, this is my precious Jin Junmei. Would you like to try it?"

Â  Xia ruofei smiled and said,"

Â  "President Zheng, let's get straight to the point! You're probably looking for me for those vegetables, right?"

Â  President Zheng chuckled and said,"

Â  "Mr. Xia's eyes are like torches! I'd like to know, how's the output of the vegetables you brought tonight? Is there any possibility of us working together?"

Â  Xia ruofei said with certainty,"

Â  "This is a new vegetable that we've been cultivating. It hasn't entered the stage of large - scale planting yet. But ... If President Zheng wants to cooperate, it's not impossible. "

Â  "Oh?" President Zheng asked with great interest,"I'd like to hear more!"

Â  Xia ruofei said with confidence,"

Â  "Although we haven't achieved mass production yet, it's not a problem to carry ten to twenty catties a day. And obviously, President Zheng's Club doesn't win by quantity. Your real customers are a very small number of high - end people. From this perspective, 10 to 20 catties a day should be enough. "

Â  President Zheng couldn't help but look at Xia ruofei again. He didn't expect Xia ruofei to have such sharp eyes. He could see the key to the problem with one look.

Â  In fact, he was so polite to Xia ruofei mostly because of his relationship with Tian Huilan's family. Moreover, the new vegetables that day were indeed very eye - catching, so he had invited Xia ruofei to further discuss it. Now, he valued Xia ruofei more.

Â  "Mr. Xia's eyes are as sharp as a torch!" President Zheng laughed and said,"so, Mr. Xia is willing to supply this new vegetable to our store?"

Â  Xia ruofei smiled and said,"

Â  "Since I'm staying here, of course I'm willing to cooperate."

Â  Then, he changed the topic and continued,"

Â  "However, there are also conditions for cooperation. I'll get straight to the point. President Zheng, you can decide whether to cooperate or not after you hear it."

Â  "Please speak!" President Zheng quickly said.

Â  Xia ruofei nodded and said with confidence,"

Â  "I can supply four types of vegetables a day, 20 catties of new vegetables per type. The price is negotiable. My condition is that President Zheng's West River Moon Club must use the vegetables I provide as your signature dish and do a large promotion in the shortest time possible so that all the upper - Class people in Sanshan city know about my vegetables. I think it shouldn't be difficult for your restaurant to do this with its influence."

Â  The West River Moon Party was definitely a top - tier club in Sanshan city. All the people who went in and out were high - end consumers, especially the area where Tian Huilan had invited Xia ruofei to. It was a completely membership system. Without a membership card, one could not enter even if they were rich.

Â  If the club strongly recommended Xia ruofei's new dish, it would naturally expand its influence in a very short time.

Â  President Zheng thought for a moment and said with a smile,"

Â  "Mr. Xia, are you trying to use this opportunity to promote your own brand?"

Â  Xia ruofei smiled and said,

Â  "This should be a win - win situation, right? My new vegetable is definitely qualified to be your restaurant's first signature dish. President Zheng, you don't deny this, right?"

Â  President Zheng nodded and smiled."

Â  "That's natural! I can agree to Mr. Xia's condition. Once we start working together, we'll first hold a new product promotion event and invite the club's distinguished guests to taste it for free. After the official launch, I'm prepared to leave a small portion of the ingredients for customers to make reservations, and the rest will be limited in supply in the form of an auction. Does Mr. Xia think this arrangement is okay?"

Â  "This plan is very good! It's no wonder President Zheng's Club is so successful, especially since you can think of it in such a short time!" Xia ruofei said with a smile.

Â  President Zheng laughed and said,"

Â  "Mr. Xia, you flatter me! Then ... I have a presumptuous request ..."

Â  "Please go ahead, President Zheng."

Â  "Well ... Can you exclusively supply us with your new vegetables?" President Zheng asked.

Â  Xia ruofei raised his eyebrows and asked curiously,"

Â  "President Zheng, can your Club Digest so many vegetables? Our next step is to expand the scale of planting ..."

Â  The club was meant for a small crowd and wanted to be high - end and Grand. As the saying goes, the rarer something is, the more expensive it is. Even if they bought a few hundred catties of vegetables from Xia ruofei every day, it would be meaningless.

Â  President Zheng smiled and said,"

Â  "We have chain stores in the southeast province, and ... In addition to high - end Dining Services, we also provide high - Quality food sales services to our members. So, if Mr. Xia is willing to cooperate with us in depth, the market prospects are very broad."

Â  "I see ..." Xia ruofei smiled."But ... I'm afraid I can't do an exclusive supply because I've already promised another company before coming here."

Â  President Zheng was slightly disappointed, but Xia ruofei immediately changed the topic and continued,"

Â  "However, my other partner is in the mass food and beverage industry, which doesn't have much conflict with President Zheng's main business, so it shouldn't form a competitive relationship. If President Zheng is willing to cooperate, I can promise you first that in addition to the vegetable supply to this business partner, I can give you the agency rights of the southeast province. "

Â  President Zheng was overjoyed when he heard this. This was simply a ray of hope! He quickly said,"

Â  "That's great!"

Â  "But I need a promise from you, President Zheng." Xia ruofei said after some thought.

Â  "Oh? Mr. Xia, please speak. " Gáº¹tt the lğ’‚test ğ’ğ’vğ’†ls at ğ’.o/(v)/e/l/biğ’(.)coğ’

Â  "President Zheng, you can sell these new vegetables according to your channels or use them in your own club." Xia ruofei said,"but ... President Zheng, you have to promise me that you can't sell these vegetables to the Ming Hao restaurant chain or its associated companies."

Â  Ming Hao restaurant was opened by the family of the chubby Lu Wen who had mocked Xia ruofei with Liu Minghao at the immortal meat stall last time. They were also the main competitors of Ling Qingxue's Ling Ji restaurant. Naturally, Xia ruofei would not allow his family's vegetables to enter Ming Hao restaurant.

Â  President Zheng was stunned for a moment, but he immediately nodded and said,

Â  "No problem! We can write it down in the terms of the contract!"

Â  Xia ruofei was relieved. He nodded and said,

Â  "Then there's no problem! President Zheng, I hope we can work well together!"

Â  "Hahaha! Happy cooperation!" President Zheng said as he shook hands with Xia ruofei.

Â  Then, President Zheng asked tentatively,"

Â  "Mr. Xia, I don't think your new vegetable has a registered brand yet, right?"

Â  "Not yet ..." Xia ruofei said.

Â  "Then I suggest that we register our brand before we start the promotion." President Zheng immediately said,"first of all, this will easily create a brand effect. Also, it will prevent illegal businesses from copying us in the future."

Â  Xia ruofei agreed."

Â  "What President Zheng said makes a lot of sense! But I really don't know much about this, and I'm too busy right now, so I'm afraid I can't find the time ..."

Â  President Zheng smiled and said,"

Â  "You don't have to do this personally. I still have some face in Sanshan city ... Uh, of course, I can't compare to Mr. Xia ... But I can still handle the matter of the registered trademark!"