Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Chapter 466: The Furious Liang Haiming (1)

Fang Luo had not been doing well recently.

On that night half a month ago, he had encountered an unexpected disaster. At least in his eyes, it was an unexpected disaster.

Because he had only taken a fancy to a girl, and then used some means that he had used countless times in the past. Just as he was about to succeed, a god of death barged into his bar.

Then, it was like a nightmare. His arms and legs were broken, and finally, he was crippled by the demon with a single strike.

With such a serious injury, his life was hanging by a thread. He was lucky that he was sent to the hospital in time. At least his life was saved, but some things could never be reattached once they were cut off.

Moreover, the killer god was extremely ruthless. He had many comminuted fractures in many places. Even if he recovered later, he would be like this for the rest of his life. He would basically be unable to leave the wheelchair.

But this was not the worst case scenario.

For the first few days, he was still lying in the hospital as a victim and receiving treatment. He had a few underlings by his side who took care of him meticulously. These underlings had followed him for many years and fought alongside him on the streets. Although he had become a cripple and was no longer the mighty master Luo, these underlings were still loyal.

However, the situation quickly took a turn for the worse.

Two days later, two stern – looking Criminal Police officers arrived at the ward. From that moment on, Fang Luo was under strict supervision. Although he could still receive treatment, his personal freedom was completely restricted. He had to eat, drink, and defecate under the police’s watch.

Then, a few of his underlings who came to visit him were arrested by the police.

Fang Luo felt like he was going crazy.

No matter how stupid he was, he knew that things were serious. He had tried to beat around the bush a lot, but the police officer who was watching him in the ward did not reveal any information. He only coldly warned him to stay put.

Fang Luo could not help but smile bitterly to himself. It was impossible for him to be dishonest in this situation! His hands and feet were all broken. How could he run away from the two police officers?

Fang Luo knew that he must have provoked someone he should not have, but he would never have thought that the person he should not have provoked was the high – Quality prey he had accidentally found that night.

Police officer Qin Xiao Yu was very busy recently.

It had been two to three months since he came to Sanshan city. As a middle – Level leader of the criminal Police detachment, he had finally waited for the opportunity to launch a large – scale operation to crack down on the underworld and evil within the city.

Qin Xiao Yu had led the police of the first Brigade of criminal investigation to fight for days and had already destroyed many underworld gangs. Recently, the occupancy rate of the temporary detention room of the first Brigade and several guard houses in the city had also risen sharply.

Although her body was very tired, Qin Xiao Yu was still full of energy, as if she had endless energy all over her body. Whenever there was a task, she was always the first to jump up and rush out with her people.

Other than Fang Luo who was depressed, there was another person who was also in a bad mood recently.

His name was Liang Haiming, and he was from the Liang family in Beijing.

Liang Haiming was only 23 years old and had just graduated from University.

Unlike the elite children of the Liang family, Liang Haiming had no interest in politics. Of course, he had no interest in business either.

To put it bluntly, Liang Haiming was a rich man’s son through and through.

As a qualified nouveau riche, his expenses were actually quite high.

Those luxury cars and mansions would not fall from the sky, and keeping a small star was not just based on looks, one had to pay real money.

The allowance that the Liang family’s children received every month was not even enough for Liang Haiming to hold a party with his bad friends.

However, as a rich man, Liang Haiming naturally had his own ways of making money.

He had opened a shell company, worked on all kinds of paperwork, and helped people run all kinds of projects. Although his income might have been sky – High compared to ordinary people, for him, who was used to being extravagant, this money could only barely maintain a luxurious life.

Sometimes, when one looked at a luxury sports car that had just hit the market, one had to consider the thickness of one’s own money.

Naturally, Liang Haiming did not want to continue this small fight.

Therefore, he set his sights on the southeast coast.

Overseas trade had been very profitable in recent years. Of course, this referred to those “overseas trade” that did not have to pay expensive tariffs.

With the Golden name of the Liang family, Liang Haiming quickly got to know a group of people and started to do business.

Sanshan city faced the sea and had a unique geographical environment and many ports and docks. Naturally, it became the city that Liang Haiming focused on managing.

Other than the people in the government, Liang Haiming also needed some underground forces to serve him. Fang Luo was one of the agents that Liang Haiming supported.

A few days ago, Liang Haiming had assigned a mission to Fang Luo, but the next day, news of Fang Luo’s serious injury and hospitalization came out.

Soon, Liang Haiming received more information. Fang Luo was under strict control by the police, and the few bars and nightclubs under Fang Luo’s name had all been closed down.

Some of Fang Luo’s men who had been recruited under his support had either been captured or had escaped. The other forces that he had spent a lot of effort to cultivate had also suffered a heavy blow.

This made Liang Haiming a little flustered and exasperated.

His identity was special, so he could naturally get some information that ordinary people couldn ‘t.

When Liang Haiming found out that Fang Luo’s misfortune was because he was blind and had bad intentions toward Lu You, he was so angry that he smashed a precious tea set into pieces.