Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 485: Core rune_ 3

Xia ruofei took out a piece of Jade from the bag and held it in his hand. He picked up the carving knife with his right hand and took a deep breath before he started carving.

He had chosen the relatively simpler part of the core rune. It was easy at first, but difficult later!

The material of white jade was relatively soft and Xia ruofei’s grip was unusually strong. Hence, he easily drew a shallow mark on the surface of the Jade.

Xia ruofei held his breath and focused. He turned his wrist slightly and the carving knife in his hand drew an arc.

Xia ruofei had only drawn half of the line when he sighed and put away his carving knife.

There was a special text in the booklet that emphasized that every independent part of the core rune needed to be carved in one stroke. The whole process had to be done in one go, otherwise the runes would not be able to achieve the desired effect when combined.

Hence, Xia ruofei’s first attempt failed quickly.

In fact, Xia ruofei had already felt it when he was cutting. He did not control his strength well enough when he drew the arc. The arc was obviously too deep. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Each individual part of the rune didn’t look too complicated, but the requirements for the details were too high, so it wasn’t as easy as one imagined. If one wasn’t careful, they would make mistakes.

Of course, Xia ruofei was not discouraged. He did not throw away the piece of white jade. Instead, he changed to another position and continued to practice. There were still many empty spaces on the White jade. He was only practicing a certain part of the runes. One piece of Jade was enough for him to practice many times.

He tried the same rune for the second time.

He failed when he was one – third done.

The third attempt failed.

The fourth attempt failed.

……

Xia ruofei tried more than ten times and finally succeeded once.

At this time, the surface of the White jade was already covered with dense runes. Of course, most of them were failed semi – finished products.

Xia ruofei did not think that this was enough. An occasional success did not mean anything.

He directly flipped the White jade over to see that the other side was still empty, so he could continue practicing.

Xia ruofei drew the same rune that he had successfully drawn.

The speed of the carving knife in his hand was getting faster and faster, and the success rate was getting higher and higher. After more than two hours, Xia ruofei was able to succeed eight to nine times out of ten.

Moreover, he felt that he should have fully mastered the rune, so he stopped.

At this moment, there were five to six pieces of jade that were not covered in runes beside Xia ruofei.

In the process of practice, Xia ruofei had also gained some insights and comprehensions. If he had used the carving knife and followed the instructions in the booklet step by step, the possibility of failure would still be very high. After all, the rune required too much detail. However, Xia ruofei had an accidental attempt and exerted his spiritual energy through his arm onto the carving knife. Suddenly, he had a mysterious comprehension.

His control over the carving knife had suddenly increased by a lot, and he had a feeling of being extremely meticulous.

Because the tip of the knife was also filled with spiritual energy, Xia ruofei’s control of the weight, depth, and angle of the carving process had become many times sharper.

This way, the success rate would immediately increase.

It was because of this realization and practice that Xia ruofei’s success rate in drawing the rune had increased.

After he had successfully carved the rune on the last blank piece of the White jade, he finally put down the carving knife. He already had an idea of the first simple rune.

On the entire core of the spiritual puppet, there were a total of 18 of these independent runes. The remaining 17 runes were each more complicated than the runes he had just practiced.

He had only taken the first step of a long journey!

Xia ruofei rested for a while and took out a new piece of white jade from the bag. He grabbed the carving knife and started to practice the second rune.

He seemed to have forgotten the passage of time.

Under the light, the carving knife in Xia ruofei’s hand moved nimbly, and Jade chips kept falling. Pieces of white jade were carved with mysterious runes that had no pattern.

Xia ruofei had already entered a state of complete oblivion.

When he reached into the bag and found nothing, he suddenly realized that at least a hundred pieces of white jade had been used up.

The ground in front of Xia ruofei was also covered with a thick layer of Jade chips.

At this time, the sky outside the window was already starting to turn white. Xia ruofei had unknowingly practiced for an entire night.

Xia ruofei put down the carving knife and stood in front of the window. He stretched lazily and rubbed his sore wrist, a satisfied smile on his face.

In just one night, he had already mastered ten runes! And the success rate was very high!