Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 494: Murder and arson (1)

There was a special road next to the National Road that led directly to the green Bull Mountain holiday villa, which was also built with the villa’s money.

Xia ruofei did not choose this road. In fact, when they were about a kilometer away from the intersection, Xia ruofei had already parked the car by the side of the road.

He knew very well that there must be surveillance cameras installed in the villa on that special road. It would not be difficult for him to kill Liang Haiming this time. The real difficulty was not to leave any traces, so he naturally could not appear on that road.

Xia ruofei chose to pass through the forest.

The straight line distance from where he got off to the resort was about three to four kilometers. Due to the terrain, he might actually have to walk five to six kilometers.

This distance was not challenging for Xia ruofei at all.

He was wearing a black shirt, black pants, and a black hood. He was like an elf walking in the night, moving silently at high speed.

The uneven terrain, weeds, and thorns in the shrubbery could not slow Xia ruofei down. He ran as if he was walking on flat ground. From time to time, he would nimbly avoid the branches that stretched out horizontally. Sometimes, he would even grab the thicker branches to swing forward. He was moving at an extremely fast speed.

Xia ruofei was an expert in mountain warfare. When he was in the Army, most of his missions were carried out in the jungles at the border. This kind of terrain environment made him feel like a fish in water.

Ten minutes later, Xia ruofei could see the walls of the resort from afar.

He crouched down in the bushes, and his sharp eyes swept over the holiday villa 20 to 30 meters away.

Although the two men in Black tried their best to describe the location and characteristics of Liang Haiming’s Villa, Xia ruofei had never been to this holiday villa. Moreover, it was night time, so he still spent a few minutes looking for it.

The small villa that Liang Haiming rented had a distinctive feature, which was that it had its back against a cliff and an artificial lake in front of it. There were not many villas that fit this feature.

Especially that cliff, which was still very obvious even in the dark.

In addition, it wasn’t the weekend, and it was the off – season for tourism, so the occupancy rate of the resort was not high.

There was a row of five villas by the cliff, and only two of them had their lights on.

After Xia ruofei confirmed the general location of the target, he immediately crouched down and shuttled through the bushes. He followed the perimeter of the holiday residence’s wall and quickly approached the cliff.

He didn’t try to get close to the resort and had been moving around the periphery. This way, he could almost completely avoid being caught by the surveillance cameras.

In fact, Xia ruofei had been very careful along the way. He had even taken a small detour when he was driving to avoid the surveillance cameras or global eyes on the main road.

Xia ruofei had been extremely cautious for this ambush.

Soon, Xia ruofei easily climbed up the 20 – meter – High cliff from the gentle slope at the back. On the side near the resort, the cliff was almost vertical at a 90 – degree angle. It would be difficult for ordinary people to sneak into the resort from here, but it was not difficult for Xia ruofei.

Of course, Xia ruofei did not plan to sneak into the villa.

He crouched down on the top of the cliff and took out a pair of binoculars from his space. This was also from the outdoor equipment bag that he had bought from the all – terrain vehicle. It was just an ordinary pair of binoculars without night vision.

However, it was enough for Xia ruofei.

His focus was naturally on the two villas with their lights on.

Xia ruofei held the telescope and slowly turned his head. When he saw a big ” 6″ sign on the outer wall of one of the villas, he immediately put away the telescope and got up to move in the direction of the villa.

The two men told him that Liang Haiming rented Villa No. 6.

Xia ruofei moved to the position closest to villa number six and lay down on the ground again. He took out his binoculars and continued to observe.

From his angle, he could see the living room on the first floor of the villa through the window.

……

In the villa, Liang Haiming’s face was starting to look impatient.

It had been almost one and a half hours, but there was still no sign of Black Panther and the others.

If it was any other subordinate who dared to exceed the time limit, Liang Haiming would have been furious.

Even though he had sent Black Panther today, he was late by half an hour, which made Liang Haiming a little unhappy.

Especially when his “sexual interest” had already been aroused, waiting for a beauty to deliver herself to his door. Every minute of waiting was very long.

“You still haven’t contacted him?” Liang Haiming asked in an unfriendly tone.

“Heibao’s phone has no signal ...” The middle – aged man said carefully,”young Liang, the phone signal around Green Bull Mountain is not very good. It’s okay inside the resort, but it’s often not working on the road up the mountain. I can’t get through to him, maybe Heibao is about to arrive ...”

Liang Haiming’s expression eased a little, and he mumbled,””I don’t know what’s wrong with Heibao today, he wouldn’t drag things out like this normally ...”

The middle – aged man was glad that Heibao was here today, or else Mister Liang would be furious!

Although every time Liang Haiming got angry, the most unlucky ones were his incompetent subordinates, he had been by his side all year round, so it was inevitable that he would often be caught in the crossfire.

Just like this time, even though he managed to deal with it for the time being, as long as Black Panther did not appear, his heart would still be in suspense.

Xia ruofei finally saw Liang Haiming for the first time through the telescope.

Liang Haiming was obviously not a low – Key person, so Xia ruofei took some time to search on the internet on his way here and found many photos and reports about him.

Hence, Xia ruofei could confirm Liang Haiming’s identity with one look.

When he adjusted the magnification of the telescope to the maximum, he could even vaguely see the stack of Ling Qingxue’s photos on the coffee table in the living room.

Xia ruofei’s eyes shot out two rays of light and his cold killing intent rose.

He took a deep breath and calmed himself down. Then, he started to contact the spirit map space.

Xia ruofei was not checking on Ling Qingxue’s condition. In fact, Xia ruofei had not retracted his divine thought. He was monitoring Ling Qingxue’s condition at all times.

Wherever Xia ruofei’s mind went, the invisible force of space quickly enveloped the huge iron fence where the Hornets were resting in the new space.

That’s right, Xia ruofei had decided to use these vicious Hornets.

Soldiers were trained for a thousand days, but they could be used in a single moment.

This was the first time Xia ruofei was preparing to use this killer weapon. He was looking forward to it.

The Hornet population inside the iron fence had grown further, and the small insects and moths within the fence were also multiplying, forming a small ecosystem.

These Hornets were undoubtedly at the top of the ecological chain.

The increase in numbers was secondary to the fact that Yingying had taken the soup many times. Currently, Xia ruofei could control about 300 Hornets at one time. He could not control more.

However, the evolution of the Hornet itself was something to be happy about.

These Hornets were twice as big as the ones Xia ruofei had first encountered at the beiyan mountain. Each of them was extremely agile and fierce. Each of them was bigger than an adult’s thumb and was flying around the fence. Their fearsome stingers were emitting a cold light, causing one to shiver.

This was simply a Killer Bee! 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Killing bees were naturally the most suitable for killing people ...

The corner of Xia ruofei’s mouth slowly curled up into a small arc. His spatial power enveloped around 200 Hornets. Then, with a thought, these 200 Hornets appeared in the outside world.

Xia ruofei could already control 300 Hornets. However, in order to ensure a smooth control, he only took out 200 of them.

In this operation alone, there was no difference between two hundred and three hundred. Even if there were only one hundred, it was enough to kill Liang Haiming.

At first, Xia ruofei was a little worried about Yingying. This was the first time that the Hornet had left the medium.

However, the moment the Hornet appeared in the outside world, Xia ruofei’s only worry disappeared.

He found that he could still control these Hornets with his mental power, and the feeling of being able to control them like his own arms and fingers had not disappeared.

Now, these 200 Hornets were obediently circling around Xia ruofei. According to Xia ruofei’s instructions, they obediently lined up in a straight line for a moment, and then in a humanoid shape ...

Xia ruofei turned around and looked at the villa in the night. His eyes were filled with killing intent!

With a slight thought, the hornet’s bees immediately gathered into a team and flew in the direction of the villa.

……

In the villa, Liang Haiming was waiting anxiously with a photo in his hand. In the photo was Ling Qingxue’s graceful back, and her long legs were like a cat’s claws scratching Liang Haiming’s heart.

He was so anxious that he had even set up a small tent on his lower body. He didn’t hide it at all and just leaned on the back of the sofa with his legs crossed.

When the middle – aged man saw this, he could only smile bitterly in his heart and lower his gaze.

Buzz ... Buzz ...

“What’s that sound?” Liang Haiming suddenly raised his head in doubt.

His heart beat violently for some reason, as if he had a bad premonition.

The buzzing sound got closer, and the middle – aged man also felt a trace of abnormality. He couldn’t help but look around.

Then, his pupils suddenly shrank.

Because he saw a group of huge bees flying into the villa and rushing out of the bathroom next to it.

In fact, the doors and windows of the villa were closed in early spring. If it were not for the half – Open window in the bathroom on the first floor, Xia ruofei would have had to spend a lot of effort to command the hornet’s nest to sneak into the villa.

But it was that ventilation window that made this matter extremely simple.

“Young Liang, be careful!” The middle – aged man couldn’t help but scream when he saw the swarm of bees charging at Liang Haiming.

Liang Haiming subconsciously turned his head to look in the direction of the buzzing sound and suddenly felt dejected.

What he saw was a large black Mass of bees, only one or two meters away from him.

Liang Haiming screamed in fear and rolled off the sofa, running away on all fours.

But how could he outrun the speedy Hornet?

These Hornets pounced on their target, Liang Haiming, and caught up with him in the blink of an eye. Then, they stabbed their stingers into his body without hesitation.

A series of shrill and tragic wails rang out in the villa ...