Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 51 Â The mayor's cooking (1)

Â  Â  Professor Tian had long since retired. Although he still had a few graduate students, he still had quite a lot of freedom.

Â  Therefore, when he received Xia ruofei's call and knew that he was going to visit him in the morning, he was very happy and welcomed him.

Â  Professor Tian lived in the teachers 'family area of Sanshan University. Xia ruofei drove to the entrance of Sanshan University and called the security guard. Soon, professor Tian returned to the security room with the landline. The security guard answered the call and let him in immediately.

Â  Hence, Xia ruofei drove his pickup truck through the campus of Sanshan University. There was a big basket of vegetables in the trunk, which was quite eye - catching. Many students on the road looked over.

Â  Xia ruofei looked at the youthful University campus and felt very relaxed. He had joined the Army after graduating from high school and had never experienced university life. Seeing these university students, he felt a little envious.

Â  Soon, the pickup truck passed through the campus and arrived at the staff's family area.

Â  Professor Tian's residence was located in a community called "expert Park". There were about ten small buildings here.

Â  The people who lived here were the most respected old experts and professors of Sanshan University.

Â  For example, professor Tian was an old professor who enjoyed special subsidies from the state. Therefore, he could live in the villa only because he was able to enjoy this treatment. It had nothing to do with his father being the mayor.

Â  Xia ruofei followed professor Tian's instructions and drove to Villa No. 3. He parked the car in the parking space in front of the villa, grabbed the vegetable basket in the car, and walked into the villa's courtyard.

Â  There were a few vegetable fields in the front yard of the villa. Professor Tian was weeding the vegetable field with a small sickle. He was dressed simply and had a worn straw hat on his head. He didn't look like a University professor at all, but more like an old farmer.

Â  Seeing Fang Yang enter, professor Tian straightened up and greeted him with a smile,""Little Xia! Hurry and come in!" nÃŠw stğ’ries at nğ’/vel/b/i/n(.)coğ’

Â  He then raised his voice,"Huilan!" Little Xia is here!"

Â  Under Xia ruofei's surprised gaze, Tian Huilan walked out of the villa and said with a smile,""Little Xia is here! Come in and sit!"

Â  "Yo! Mayor Tian is here too?" Xia ruofei was shocked.

Â  "It's the weekend, so I came to see my father,"said Tian Huilan with a faint smile.

Â  Then, her eyes fell on the vegetable basket in Xia ruofei's hands.""Why did you really bring vegetables? And so many ..."

Â  Xia ruofei chuckled and said,"it's not anything valuable. I just planted it myself." Professor Tian likes it, so I'll just take more ..."

Â  "This isn't appropriate, is it?" Tian Huilan said.

Â  Professor Tian wiped his sweat with a towel and said,""Huilan, what's wrong with Xia bringing me some vegetables? You! I think you've been an official for too long, everything you see seems like bribery!"

Â  "Dad!" Tian Huilan said helplessly. What are you thinking! Do you think I don't believe in little Xia's character? But ... These are not ordinary vegetables. This basket is worth a lot of money!"

Â  "Mayor Tian, I've already told you that these are vegetables that I grew myself. They're not worth much ..." Xia ruofei quickly said.

Â  Tian Huilan glanced at Xia ruofei and said with a half - Smile,""Would the famous Tao Yuan brand organic vegetables be worth much? Now, people who wanted to eat this kind of vegetables in the West River Moon Club had to queue up and make a reservation, or go to the auction! Little Xia, I didn't say anything wrong, right?"

Â  Xia ruofei chuckled and scratched his head."I can't hide anything from Mayor Tian ... But that's just a gimmick made by President Zheng. The actual cost here isn't that high. It's just that the production rate hasn't increased yet, and the rarer something is, the more expensive it is!"

Â  "Huilan, what Taoyuan brand organic vegetables?" professor Tian asked, puzzled.

Â  "Dad, Xiao Xia is probably working with President Zheng from West River moon to promote his new vegetable dish. They named it Taoyuan brand organic vegetables." Tian Huilan explained,"President Zheng organized a tasting meeting for new vegetables at his clubhouse yesterday to promote these vegetables. Now, all the famous people in Sanshan city are flocking to it! I heard that the reservation numbers are all for next month. Tonight is the first auction, so I'm afraid the price will be staggering!"

Â  Professor Tian was very happy to hear this and said,""Little Xia! You're really capable! After I tried Â  "Little Xia, don't leave at noon! You just happened to bring the ingredients over, and they're all 16:19

ready - made. Let Huilan cook, and we'll have a few drinks at noon!"

your new vegetable dish the other day, I thought it would have a broad market prospects. I didn't expect you to act so quickly and have already started to promote it!"

Â  "President Zheng was interested in working together that day. Our ideas are similar, so we hit it off." Xia ruofei said with a smile.

Â  "Not bad, not bad!" Professor Tian said,"but ... Since your vegetables are so valuable ..."

Â  Xia ruofei quickly said,"two different things!" Professor Tian, this is what I grow. To be honest, the cost of these vegetables is not high. The club sells quality and service. Of course, the ingredients are the best. The price doesn't mean anything. You can eat without worry! Give me a call when you're done, I'll bring some over!"

Â  "AI! Good, good, good! "Then I'll help myself ..." Professor Tian said with a smile.

Â  However, he had also made up his mind. Since Xia ruofei had brought the basket of vegetables today, he could not push it away. He could not ask for it again in the future.

Â  The father and daughter entered the villa together with Xia ruofei. Xia ruofei moved the vegetable basket to the kitchen and returned to the living room. Professor Tian motioned for Xia ruofei to sit down while Tian Huilan personally went to make tea.

Â  Xia ruofei had just sat down. Seeing this, he quickly stood up and said,""Mayor Tian, I don't deserve this honor!"

Â  Professor Tian laughed and said,"little Xia, just sit there and relax!" Huilan is my daughter here, not some mayor of San Shan. You're a guest of my house, it's nothing for her to make you a cup of tea. "

Â  At this moment, Tian Huilan also walked over with a cup of tea and said,""Yup! Xia, my father didn't hire a nanny. We usually do these things ourselves. "

Â  Xia ruofei had no choice but to sit down and take the cup of tea to thank Tian Huilan.

Â  "Little Xia, don't leave at noon! You just happened to bring the ingredients over, and they're all ready - made. Let Huilan cook, and we'll have a few drinks at noon!"

Â  The mayor was cooking for him? Xia ruofei was so scared that he quickly stood up and said,""Uh ... Professor Tian, I have something to do this morning, I won't disturb you guys anymore ..."

Â  "Little Xia, I won't stop you if you really need me." Tian Huilan smiled and said,"but we're all sincere in inviting you to lunch. As I said just now, I'm not the mayor in this house. I'm just my father's daughter. My father's life was saved by you, so what's the big deal in making you lunch?"

Â  After she finished speaking, Tian Huilan looked at Xia ruofei with a half - Smile, as if she could read his mind.

Â  Xia ruofei could only smile awkwardly and sit back on the sofa.""Alright then! I'll have to trouble you then ..."

Â  "We're so happy that you're staying for dinner!" Professor Tian said happily,"Huilan, quickly go to the kitchen and prepare! I'll just talk to little Xia ... Speaking of which, after eating the vegetables little Xia brought the day before yesterday, I've been thinking about it! At noon, you have to show off your skills and make a few more dishes. Use the Taoyuan brand organic vegetables that little Xia brought!"

Â  "Alright!"

Â  Tian Huilan responded with a smile and went straight to the kitchen to prepare lunch.

Â  Xia ruofei sat in the living room and chatted with professor Tian. He was a little absent - minded, especially when he saw Tian Huilan in her apron and busy preparing lunch. He felt like he was sitting on pins and needles.