Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 503: Chapter 407 – hit it off -1

Ruan Fugui warmly invited Xia ruofei and Feng Jing to the village committee building and quickly ordered the village Accountant to pour tea for them.

Today, several of the village’s leaders had been called to the village council by ruan Fugui. In addition to him, who was the village Secretary and the director of the village council, there was also the Deputy Director of the village council, two other village committee members, and the young accountant.

The Deputy Director of the village committee was also surnamed ruan, ruan Tianxi. It could be seen that the ruan family should be a big family in Dongkeng village. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

After ruan Fugui introduced Xia ruofei and Feng Jing to the members of the village committee, he took the initiative to open the map and started introducing them to Xia ruofei.

“Boss Xia, CEO Feng, look. This is the current territory of your Paradise Farm. It extends all the way to the sea in the East.” Ruan Fugui pointed at the map and said,”it’s mountainous to the West, so I suggest you develop in the north and south.”

In fact, this was in line with Xia ruofei’s thoughts. The west side was full of mountains, so Xia ruofei’s farm did not need so many mountains and forests for the time being. The east side was the sea, and the land in the north and south was flat. It was most suitable for the expansion of the farm.

“Director ruan, I agree with you,” Xia ruofei nodded.

Ruan Fugui laughed and said,”there are about 20 acres of land to the North of the farm. Further north is the Xikeng Village. The land in the North is relatively barren. I personally suggest that you focus on developing South.”

Ruan Fugui pointed at the map and continued,””Look, although the 30 mu in the South is also a wasteland, it’s much more fertile than the North. If we rent all of this land, the Qingyuan River will pass through the farm, and it’ll be much more convenient for irrigation.”

Feng Jing couldn’t help but nod in approval as she listened from the side. She thought to herself,”this Dongkeng village’s service is too good. Everything is for the sake of Taoyuan farm. They’re so considerate!”

Xia ruofei thought for a moment and said,””Director ruan, we want the 30 acres in the South and 20 acres in the North!”

Xia ruofei had sufficient funds at the moment and wanted to buy more land. After all, once the farm expanded, the profits would only increase. This was because his products would not have to worry about sales. Compared to the profits, the rental fees were nothing.

If it wasn’t for the fact that the North belonged to the Xikeng Village, Xia ruofei would have wanted to buy more land. However, he didn’t want to bother another “landlord”.

To the South, there were only about 30 mu of barren land. Further south was the normal farmland of the village. If he wanted to rent these farmland and vegetable fields, he would have to discuss compensation with the villagers. For now, it was enough to rent 50 to 60 mu of land in one go. Thus, Xia ruofei did not want to expand too quickly for the time being.

Ruan Fugui was stunned for a moment before saying,”boss Xia, the lands in the North aren’t very good!” In the early years, some of our villagers went to open up the land and wanted to plant some fruit trees, but it was difficult to grow them ...”

Feng Rao couldn’t help but worry.”Chairman, why don’t we just listen to director ruan and ask for the land in the South? If you feel that the land is not enough, we can rent more land in the North. Now, many farmers have stopped growing their land. It should not be difficult to rent it as long as we give them some compensation. ”

Xia ruofei smiled.”Mr. Feng, the land in the South is barren. However, it won’t affect our farm.”

Xia ruofei looked at Feng Rao’s confused face and laughed,””In short, you don’t have to worry about the soil quality. Besides, our farm isn’t entirely a vegetable greenhouse! There had to be land to build a cold storage warehouse, right? Maybe I’ll even be involved in the breeding industry in the future ...”

Xia ruofei winked at Feng Rao discreetly.

Feng Rao also immediately realized what was going on. She thought that Xia ruofei had something that he couldn’t say in front of ruan Fugui. After all, they were renting land from the village. Wouldn’t they be dumbfounded if ruan Fugui asked for a sky – High price?

Feng Jing couldn’t help but be a little surprised. She wasn’t a newbie who had just graduated from school. She had even trained in the world’s top 500 companies, but her performance just now was a little unprofessional.

In reality, it was not as complicated as she had thought. Xia ruofei just found it troublesome and did not want to waste his breath explaining.

Seeing that Xia ruofei had his own ideas, ruan Fugui didn’t try to persuade him.

From his point of view, the land south of the farm might not even be able to be rented out even after a hundred years. Since Xia ruofei was willing to take it, he could also earn a lot of money for the village, so why not?

Anyway, he had taken the initiative to tell Xia ruofei the truth about the situation of the land. If there was really no way to cultivate the land, Xia ruofei could not blame him.

One wanted to rent, and the other was willing, so they naturally hit it off.

Very quickly, everyone had decided on the newly rented land.

In terms of land prices, ruan Fugui had even lowered it to only 2500 Yuan per mu. The reason was that Xia ruofei had rented so much land in one go. Moreover, the land in the South was not suitable for farming, so he had given a discount on the prices.

This was not the first time they had worked together, so the contract was quickly finalized.

Ruan Fugui did Xia ruofei a favor by signing an eight – year long contract. This made Feng Jing secretly happy that the ethereal paradise company, a company that dealt in high – end agricultural products, was most afraid of unstable production bases. If the contract couldn’t be renewed after a few years, not only would they have to find a new place, but it would also cost money to invest in the infrastructure. It was time – consuming and laborious.