Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 504: Chapter 407 – hit it off -2

After signing the long – term contract, Feng Jing felt much more at ease.

Of course, she did not understand what had happened today. It was not the kind of fierce negotiation that she had imagined. There were no differences between the two sides. The village even took the initiative to consider Xia ruofei’s situation and kept giving in. Feng Rao, who was used to business negotiations, was not used to this.

A formal contract required the company’s seal, so everyone agreed to go to the farm the next day to sign the contract.

Of course, now that Xia ruofei had a proper company and was expanding, ruan Fugui was very assured and didn’t have to worry about the rent. When the contract was signed, the finance department of paradise Corporation would naturally take care of it. Xia ruofei didn’t have to worry about such specific matters.

It was almost time for dinner after they finished discussing business.

Ruan Fugui warmly invited Xia ruofei, Feng Jing, and a few village committee members to his house for lunch.

Xia ruofei didn’t reject her and brought Feng Rao to ruan Fugui’s house.

He also took out a few bottles of the eight Drunken Immortals ‘contribution points from the car. Of course, taking them from the car was just for show. In reality, he had taken them out from the spirit map space.

During the banquet, Xia ruofei, ruan Fugui, and the others exchanged toasts and drank to their hearts ‘content.

He was originally from the military and loved to eat meat and drink wine. Ruan Fugui and the others were also uncouth, and Xia ruofei’s forthright performance was exactly what they wanted. They all came over to toast.

Now, if any man in Dong Keng village worked at Tao Yuan farm, he would be considered superior in the village. Everyone in the village was related by blood, and everyone had a lot of relatives. Therefore, ruan Fugui used the excuse of being drunk to ask Xia ruofei to take care of him the next time they were hiring.

Xia ruofei readily agreed. After all, the workers that Qin Zhuan recruited in the village were all for specific work. They were all engaged in labor – intensive work that did not require much skill. As long as they had good character, it was the same no matter who they recruited.

Xia ruofei was not so pedantic as to do her a favor.

Moreover, ruan Fugui and the others were also considered the leading figures of Dongkeng village. They were the standard local tyrants. The Paradise corporation’s vegetable base was located in Dongkeng village, so there were naturally great benefits to being on good terms with them.

The county Magistrate was not as good as the current one. In many matters of Dongkeng village, ruan Fugui was even more useful than Wu Liqian.

Since Xia ruofei was drinking to his heart’s content, Feng Rao naturally did not touch a single drop of wine.

Ruan Fugui and the other uncouth men couldn’t persuade Feng Rao to drink, so they focused all their firepower on Xia ruofei.

This family banquet was also a happy one.

Feng Rao helped Xia ruofei, whose steps were a little weak, to bid farewell to ruan Fugui and the others. After helping Xia ruofei into the car, she drove the pickup truck and left Dongkeng village.

As the car drove along the village Road, the lush Taoyuan farm could be seen in the distance. Feng Jing was driving seriously.

Suddenly, Xia ruofei, who was beside her, asked,”Boss Feng, how was the job fair yesterday?”

Feng Jing was startled by Xia ruofei’s sudden words. Her hands trembled uncontrollably. She quickly steadied the steering wheel and turned to look at Xia ruofei.

He saw that Xia ruofei was in high spirits and his eyes were clear. There was no trace of drunkenness.

“Chairman, you’re not drunk?” Feng Rao asked in surprise.

She had seen with her own eyes that at least half of the bottles of white wine on the table had gone into Xia ruofei’s stomach. In the end, ruan Fugui and the others were so drunk that they couldn’t even speak properly. She thought that Xia ruofei must have been quite drunk as well, but she didn’t expect Xia ruofei to change his drunk state after getting into the car and act as if nothing had happened.

He’s such a good actor ... Feng Jing thought to herself.

Xia ruofei’s drunken look had even fooled Feng Rao.

Xia ruofei smiled and said,”you didn’t drink much today.” Maybe the alcohol tolerance of those who used to be soldiers is pretty good ...”

“Chairman,” Feng Jing said with a smile,”you’re such a good drinker. In the future, you have to be the first to attend any business meetings!”

Xia ruofei waved his hand and said,”I hate social events the most. A group of people who don’t know each other well. It’s boring to force others to get drunk.”

“That’s how Chinese wine culture works,”Feng Rao chuckled.” How can business not have social interactions?” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Xia ruofei said calmly,”then let’s make our company a giant. In the business world, only people beg us. We don’t have to beg others. Then we don’t have to risk our lives to drink, right?”

Feng Rao was stunned for a moment before she said,”that makes sense!” It seems that I have a long way to go ...”

Xia ruofei laughed.”Just think about the bonus I promised you. You’ll be more motivated!”

“Yeah!” Feng Rao couldn’t help but laugh. In order to achieve my dream of becoming a rich woman, I have no choice but to work hard to make money for you, a capitalist!”

Xia ruofei laughed.”Although I didn’t give you any shares, as long as you don’t leave the company, you’ll still get your dividends. So, you can also think of it as working for yourself!” That way, you’ll be more motivated ...”

“Mm! The shop owner is really good at this!” Feng Rao joked.

“By the way, you haven’t told me what the job fair is like!”

“It’s about the same as what we expected. I’ve already selected about 20 people yesterday and sent out interview notices to them.” Feng Jing said seriously,”I’m planning to hire about ten people first. Then, I’ll pick another five to eight people from the people who sent us their resumes on the recruitment website. This way, the company’s administrative team will be ready.”

Xia ruofei nodded approvingly.””Mm! I’m at ease with you handling things. CEO Feng, we’re still short of two directors, so don’t forget to take the time to look for one!”

“I know. I’ve been trying to keep in touch with them.” “Chairman, I’m going to hold the interview in the company’s conference room tomorrow. It starts at 9 am. Would you like to come over and check?”

Xia ruofei waved his hand and said,”I won’t join in the fun. The administrative team is to serve you, the General Manager. You have full authority to decide on the candidate.” I said before that I would give you the greatest autonomy!”

Feng Jing was very pleased with Xia ruofei’s trust. She nodded and said,””Thank you, Chairman!”

Xia ruofei waved his hand and said,””When you interview the finance staff, remember to bring pang Hao along. After all, he’ll be his subordinate in the future.”

“Don’t worry! I would have called him even if you didn’t say so. ” Feng Rao said with a smile.

“By the way, director ruan will be coming over to sign the contract tomorrow. I might not be in the office, but I’ll definitely be on the farm.” Xia ruofei said,”when the time comes, remember to receive them and let me know immediately.”

“Understood!” Feng ke said.

After returning to the farm, Feng Jing went back to her office to prepare for the interview. Yingying was practically a commander without an Army. Other than getting Lei Hu and the other security guards to help her with physical work like setting up the venue, she had to do everything else herself, so she was quite busy.

However, she should be able to relax a little after the staff was recruited.

Xia ruofei went straight back to the villa. Not long after he entered the house, Lei Hu came to his door.

“Brother Xia, I’m here to report that I’ve safely sent sister – in – Law to the company.” Lei Hu said.

Xia ruofei nodded and said,”Okay, thank you.”

“Oh, right! From today onwards, the alert is lifted. ” Xia ruofei said,”Hong Tao, you don’t have to work so hard to set up camp. You guys just have to maintain your normal working conditions.”

Lei Hu was a little surprised,”the alarm was lifted just like that?” We’re still trying our best to catch a few of those guys who don’t have eyes and teach them a lesson!”

Xia ruofei laughed and scolded,”nonsense!” You’re still hoping for something to happen to the farm every day?”

“That’s not it ...” Lei Hu chuckled and scratched his head.

“Alright, go do your work!” Xia ruofei said as he waved his hand.

“Yes!”

Lei Hu puffed out his chest and walked out.

“Wait!” Xia ruofei called out again.

Lei Hu stopped in his tracks and turned around to ask,””Brother Xia, do you have any other instructions?”

“Hu, the farm is about to be expanded. In the future, our farm’s area may be three or four times bigger than it is now. Your burden will be even heavier!” Xia ruofei said,”so ... Go back and tell Hong Tao, Xiao Jun, and the others. Everyone should contact their former comrades. It’s time to expand the company’s security Department.”

“Understood!” Lei Hu said,”brother Xia! We’ll keep in touch, don’t worry!”

Xia ruofei nodded and suddenly thought of something. He asked,””By the way, Hu, I remember that your old army participated in a joint landing exercise with the Marine Corps. Do you have any female marine soldiers you are familiar with? I want a female soldier who’s good at fighting and has already retired!”