Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 508: The new Drunken Eight Immortals (2)

Xia ruofei smiled and said,”I want to talk to you about the next step of the farm’s infrastructure. I want to hear your opinion.” By the way, did the interview go smoothly today?”

“This batch of job seekers are of good quality!” Feng Jing said,”I’ve already drawn up a preliminary list of ten candidates. I was going to inform them tomorrow, but I didn’t expect Liu Qian and the others to stay behind and wait ...”

“Isn’t that good?” Xia ruofei smiled and said,”you’ve been exhausted as the General Manager these days. Now, there are finally a few people you can order around. You don’t have to do everything by yourself.”

“Yup!” “Chairman, let’s talk in the office!” Feng Jing said.

The two of them went to Feng Jing’s office. Feng Jing personally made Xia ruofei a cup of tea and said,””Chairman, I’ve been thinking about it since I came back from the village yesterday. May I share my opinion first?”

This was what Xia ruofei admired about Feng Jing the most. She wanted to do a lot of work ahead of Xia ruofei and did not need him to supervise her.

He looked at Feng Jing with encouragement and smiled gently.””Alright!”

Feng Rao sat down on the sofa opposite Xia ruofei and cleared her throat.””Chairman, based on my understanding these days, I think our company’s main product at this stage should be Taoyuan brand vegetables. We have been limited by production capacity before, but now that the farm area has expanded several times, I think we should focus on building high – Level constant – Temperature greenhouses on these lands.”

Xia ruofei nodded.”That’s exactly what I’m thinking. Please continue, President Feng.”

“In addition, once we increase our production in the future, we’ll need to have a proper solution for the storage problem,” Feng Jing said.”After all, vegetable products can’t last long. We can basically sell them out now, but the problem isn’t obvious. In the future, there will definitely be a small backlog of products in stages. Therefore, I suggest that we set aside a piece of land in the South of the farm and build a high – Standard cold storage warehouse!”

Feng Rao had suggested to build it in the South because the land there was barren. To put it bluntly, she was still worried about the land.

Xia ruofei nodded and said,”I’ve already thought about the cold storage warehouse. This time, we must build it!” As for the location ...... I also agree with your opinion. ”

In fact, to Xia ruofei, the location of the cold storage warehouse was not important because he did not care about the land. However, since Feng Jing had suggested to build it in the South, Xia ruofei did not have to change it to the North.

“Chairman, I think the current Park of our farm is more modern,” said Feng Jing.”I think we should build it according to this standard when we expand the new land and build the basic infrastructure. Although the initial investment may be more, the benefits for the development of the whole farm are obvious.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Agreed,” Xia ruofei nodded. Boss Feng, let’s discuss how many vegetable greenhouses we need to build and how to build them?”

Xia ruofei then spread the floor plan on the coffee table. The two of them started to discuss the facilities Planning for the new land expansion.

Feng Jing wasn’t an expert in this area, but she was always able to give her opinions from a business perspective.

For example, the location of the vegetable greenhouses, the road design between the greenhouses and between the greenhouses and the main road could be more reasonable, and the farm operation could be more efficient.

Feng Jing’s suggestion gave Xia ruofei a lot of inspiration. A rough plan for a new farm was already taking shape in his mind.

The two of them chatted all the way until lunch time before they went to the staff cafeteria on the first floor for lunch.

Xia ruofei met Liu Qian and the other two in the staff cafeteria. They had already gotten their meal cards with pang Hao’s help. Of course, the lunch was free and they did not need to use their cards.

Seeing the two bosses of the company, the three new employees quickly got up and greeted them.

Xia ruofei did not put on any airs. He greeted the three of them with a smile and even ordered a meal to eat with them. He also asked them how they were settling down and if they had any difficulties.

Liu Qian and the other two were very satisfied with the company’s benefits, especially Liu Qian, who had been assigned to a brand new apartment building with all kinds of facilities. Although it only had one bedroom and one living room, it still made Zhao Xiaofei and Chen Rong envious.

Of course, even Zhao Xiaofei and Chen Rong, who lived in the four – person dormitory, were also very satisfied with the company’s conditions.

Xia ruofei gave them a few words of encouragement and returned to the villa after eating.

He gave Liang Qichao’s father, Liang Weimin, a call to tell him that Liang Weimin’s company was basically helping Xia ruofei with the project. Xia ruofei felt more at ease leaving it to them. At least the price was fair, the quality was up to standard, and Xia ruofei did not have to worry too much.

When he heard that Xia ruofei’s farm had expanded by several times, Liang Weimin naturally congratulated him repeatedly. When Xia ruofei mentioned that he wanted to start building basic facilities, Liang Weimin immediately agreed.

Liang Weimin also patted his chest and promised Xia ruofei,”They didn’t make a single cent, and they would complete the project at the fastest speed, the highest standards, and the best quality.

Xia ruofei expressed his gratitude to Liang Weimin and made an appointment with him to send someone to investigate the scene the next day. He wanted to get the design proposal out as soon as possible.

Liang Weimin immediately sent manager li, who was in charge of another project, over to confirm that manager li had already helped Xia ruofei complete two projects. Both parties had been working happily.

After the call, Xia ruofei drove back to the city to buy a few hundred pieces of low – Quality white jade.

The owners of the Jade Market had almost sold out all the low – end goods in their shops. Many pieces of jade that had been in their shops for years and could not be sold were all bought by Xia ruofei. Although the price was very low, the owners were still elated.

No matter how small a mosquito was, it was still meat! Furthermore, Xia ruofei had bought so many of them that the transaction amount was in the tens of thousands.

Xia ruofei felt that it would not be easy to find so many low – Quality white jades in the Jade Market again. However, he estimated that after he used up this batch of white jades, he should be able to master all 17 independent runes. By then, he would not need them anymore.

After buying the White jade, Xia ruofei went back to his villa and prepared to continue practicing the carving of runes.

Just as he took out a bag full of white jade from his space, the phone in his pocket rang.

Xia ruofei took it out and saw that it was his future father – in – Law, Ling Xiaotian. He quickly picked it up.

“Hello, uncle Ling,” Xia ruofei said.

“RUO Fei! It’s going to be a month tomorrow. How’s the preparation of the wine?” Ling Xiaotian asked directly.

Xia ruofei suddenly remembered that it had been a month since he had put the Drunken Eight Immortals into the medium.

He quickly said,”don’t worry, uncle Ling!” Tomorrow at 10 am, you can just send a car to deliver it!”

“I knew you’re reliable, ruofei!” Ling Xiaotian said happily and then asked,”ruofei, there’s no problem with the quality of the wine, right? This is our winery’s first batch of new Drunken Eight Immortals! Whether or not we can make it big will depend on whether this batch of wine is good enough!”

Xia ruofei laughed and said,”no problem!” After the transformation, the quality of the Drunken Eight Immortals is not inferior to the sample I gave you last time!”

“That’s good, haha!” Ling Xiaotian was extremely happy.

“Uncle Ling, don’t forget to send the new wine over tomorrow!” Xia ruofei reminded him,”you have to give it to him for every level!”

Only by storing new wine in the spirit map space every month could the winery guarantee a monthly production of new Drunken Eight Immortals.

Including those that could be stored for a longer time, after a certain period of time, they could also achieve a monthly ration.

“Don’t worry! I’ve already had my men prepare it!” Ling Xiaotian laughed and said,”it’s still the same as last time. Different grades of wine use different wine jars. There are also date labels on them. You’ll know when you see them.”

“Okay, then there’s no problem.” Xia ruofei smiled and said,”by the way, uncle Ling, I have a suggestion ...”