Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 509: The legendary uncle (1)

“Oh? Tell me, ruofei!” Ling Xiaotian said with great interest.

“Uncle Ling, I suggest that we print a batch number on the packaging of our new Drunken Eight Immortals. This way, we can clearly tell which batch the wine is from,” Xia ruofei said.

“Ruofei, is there a reason for this?” Ling Xiaotian asked, puzzled.

Xia ruofei smiled.”Uncle Ling, the wine sent to me by the winery has been improved by us. Although the overall quality can be maintained at an average level, it is not produced on the production line after all. So, it is very likely that one batch or several batches of wine are of particularly good quality ...”

Ling Xiaotian understood the moment he heard that and quickly said,””I understand! After the batch is marked, it’s equivalent to having an ID card. In the future, it’ll be like a certain year’s Maotai. Who knows, it might even be sold for a sky – High price!”

Xia ruofei laughed.”It’s more like red wine. For example, the ‘ 82 Lafite, which is well – known in China!”

The quality of red wine was largely affected by the grapes, and the precipitation and illumination of each year were different, which objectively led to the taste of the wine produced in a certain year.

Of course, 1982 Lafite was definitely a very precious red wine. However, in China, it had become a tool for some local nouveau riche to show off their wealth. In fact, many upper – Class people who really knew about wine might not necessarily like it.

For example, MA Xiong was particularly fond of the wine from the geisetu winery, but he had no interest in Lafite.

Xia ruofei continued,”uncle Ling, I’m suggesting that we label our liquor with a serial number. It’s not to make money, but I think it’s a good gimmick. If a batch of liquor is really good, there will definitely be investors who will follow up. This is free publicity for our winery! No matter how many fake reviewers we hire, it won’t be as effective as this!”

Ling Xiaotian laughed happily and said,””That makes sense! This was worth it! I’ll immediately arrange for someone to redesign the wine label!” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Xia ruofei reminded him again,”uncle Ling, we have to pay attention to the anti – counterfeit work now. Many famous white wines now use anti – counterfeit QR codes, which can track the production area, batch, and other information of the white wine. I think we can learn from them and get it done in one step!”

Ling Xiaotian pondered for a moment and said,”alright, I’ll ask the winery to understand the relevant technology. This batch of white wine will still be filled after we bring it back. If there’s enough time, we’ll replace it with a new wine label with an anti – counterfeit QR code!”

“Mm! If we really can’t make it in time, we’ll just use the packaging we’ve designed now!” Xia ruofei replied,”it’s just a batch. It shouldn’t matter much.”

Xia ruofei and Ling Xiaotian chatted for a while more about the winery before hanging up.

He muted his phone and took out a piece of white jade from his bag. After calming himself down, he began to practice again.

For the entire afternoon, Xia ruofei locked himself in his room and trained hard.

He didn’t go to the cafeteria for dinner. Instead, he made a bowl of noodles in his bedroom and continued to practice with the White jade.

It was not until two in the morning that Xia ruofei finally showed a trace of fatigue. He put down the carving knife and the White jade slip.

After half a day of practice, he had mastered the drawing of two independent runes.

The 17 independent runes would become more complicated and difficult as he progressed. Xia ruofei was already very satisfied that he could reach this level in such a short time.

There were only two more complicated runes left. Although Xia ruofei wanted to continue, he knew that haste would not bring success. He had been practicing for a long time today and had been continuously sending out his spiritual power.

Even if he could use the Jade futon and the spirit Heart Flower petal solution to recover his mental power, a person’s energy was limited. He knew that continuing to practice would not be very effective.

Therefore, he stopped decisively. Anyway, there was still a lot of time. It would be better to do it step by step. He would practice after recuperating and accumulating energy. The effect would definitely be better.

After Xia ruofei washed up in the bathroom, she fell asleep immediately.

The next day, Yingying’s cell phone alarm woke him up. After she retired, her biological clock in the Army was slowly deteriorating. After all, life was no longer as regular as it was in the Army. It was normal for her to sleep a little later in the morning after staying up overnight.

Of course, he still had things to do today, so he had carefully set an alarm to prevent himself from oversleeping.

When Xia ruofei arrived at the staff canteen, Feng Jing, Liu Qian, and the rest were having their breakfast. Today was the first day of work for the three earliest employees. The three young people were very excited and greeted Xia ruofei when they saw him.

Xia ruofei was not an arrogant person. He greeted them with a smile and ate the same as the other employees. It was a simple meal of porridge, steamed buns, and salted vegetables.

He took the initiative to sit at the staff’s table and chatted with them as they ate.

Feng Jing gradually understood Xia ruofei’s personality. She knew that Xia ruofei was most likely going to sit back and do nothing. It was not surprising that he would not appear in the office for a few days. Hence, she made use of the breakfast time to briefly report to Xia ruofei.

Feng Jing already had three employees working under her. Today, they would be working under her leadership. The first thing to do was to issue the recruitment Notice. Other than Liu Qian and the other two, there were seven other employees who had been hired. These people would come to report in one after another after receiving the notice.

Feng Jing, on the other hand, focused on contacting her old friends, hoping to find a suitable Executive Director and marketing Director for the company.

After Xia ruofei heard this, he nodded and said,””President Feng, you can just work according to your own ideas. I won’t interfere too much. “In addition, I’ve already contacted the construction company regarding the farm’s basic infrastructure construction. Today, the project manager will bring people to carry out the preliminary survey. When the time comes, you can come with me and I’ll introduce you to each other. In the future, you’ll be in charge of the specific construction matters.”

Xia ruofei was extremely annoyed by these tedious Affairs, so he took the opportunity to push the work to Feng Jing.

Feng Rao didn’t reject it at all. On the contrary, she was very pleased to see Xia ruofei’s trust in her and happily accepted it.

Xia ruofei was almost done eating. He stood up and said,””I’m going to the city in the morning. If manager li comes, please ask him to wait in my office for a while.”

“Oh ... Okay!” Feng Rao said with a strange expression.

Subconsciously, she felt that it was not appropriate to leave the project manager to the side. However, after this period of interaction, she knew that Xia ruofei’s style of doing things was like this, including in Dongkeng village. There were many times when he could not be fathomed with common sense.

Hence, Feng Jing didn’t raise any doubts. She only hesitated for a moment before agreeing.

Xia ruofei got up and left the staff canteen. He drove straight to the warehouse that he had rented in the city.

When he arrived at the warehouse, there was still about an hour before the time he had agreed to meet with Ling Xiaotian. Xia ruofei was worried that Ling Xiaotian would be in a hurry and send his men over earlier, so he had left a lot of room for himself.

After he entered the warehouse, he immediately closed the doors and windows. Then, he sank his mind into the spirit map space and accurately took out the large wine jars from the space and placed them neatly in the warehouse.

As for the wine jars that needed to be stored for a longer time, they remained in the medium.

In a short while, the originally empty warehouse was filled with large wine jars.

Although the mud seal was tightly sealed, a faint fragrance of wine was still inevitable.

Due to the difference in the flow of time between the inside and outside, the wine had been stored in the spirit map space for almost three years. The spirit Qi in the spirit map space was so dense that it had turned into mist. After being stored in such a unique environment for three years, the wine must have been reborn.

After the wine was ready, Xia ruofei had nothing else to do. All he could do now was wait.

He took out a recliner from his space and placed it near the entrance of the warehouse. Then, he lay on it and closed his eyes to rest.

Xia ruofei and Ling Xiaotian had agreed to meet at 10 am. When it was past 9:40 am, Ling Xiaotian called to inform him that the white wine convoy had arrived near the warehouse.

Xia ruofei stood up and kept the recliner in the medium. Then, he opened the warehouse door and walked out.

In a short while, the transport team led by Ling Xiaotian arrived.

These trucks were loaded with a new batch of white wine. They were bringing back the newly “improved” Drunken Eight Immortals that Xia ruofei had “improved” and could be directly bottled.

This was the first batch of the new Drunken Eight Immortals, so Ling Xiaotian was rather concerned about it. It was likely that he would not personally come in the future.

However, Xia ruofei had to be there every time. Thinking about it, he felt a little sad. He had to be there once a month. Was this the legendary uncle?

However, on second thought, it was only once a month, and it only took a short while to settle. Girls even had their period a few days a month ...

When the fleet stopped, the workers began to get busy. They had to unload the new wine from the trucks first, then load the wine from the warehouse into the truck, and finally move all the new wine into the warehouse.

Xia ruofei and Ling Xiaotian stood at the side and talked.

After a busy day, it was almost midnight. After sending off Ling Xiaotian and his team, Xia ruofei returned to the warehouse. Like a hardworking worker ant, he placed all the jars of wine into the spirit map space.

Other than the one – month wine, there were also three – month, five – month, and one – year wine jars. They were all packed in different styles of wine jars. Xia ruofei also sorted them out according to their ages in the spirit map space.

After that, Xia ruofei hurriedly locked the warehouse door and drove to Taoyuan farm. When he was loading the truck, Feng Jing called to inform him that manager li had arrived at the farm. Hence, Xia ruofei hurried back as well. After all, it was not good to make people wait too long.

As the car sped around the city, Xia ruofei’s phone rang.

He picked it up and glanced at it quickly. It was an unknown number.

Xia ruofei frowned slightly and hung up the call. There were too many Harassment calls and he had forgotten to put on his Bluetooth earphones when he left the house today. It was not Safe to Answer calls while driving on the express Ring Road.

Xia ruofei threw his phone into the groove on the central console and continued to speed up to the farm.

At the same time, in the Criminal Investigation Unit of the city Public Security Bureau, a beautiful police flower with her chest full of waves was so angry that she almost dropped the phone in her hand.

“He actually hung up on me, I’m so angry!”