Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 510: max rage points

Qin Xiao Yu felt that ever since she met Xia ruofei, she had been having an unlucky year.

Even though Qin Xiao Yu had accidentally caught the A – Level wanted criminal of the Ministry of Public Security, Zhao Zhixi, under the alias Zhao he, because of Xia ruofei, it did not bring her much joy. Instead, it had caused her to be sulky.

After Zhao he’s identity was confirmed, bureau chief Chen Bo asked Qin Xiao Yu to contact the ‘enthusiastic people’ who helped to capture Zhao he, to cash in the reward offered by the Department.

At that time, Qin Xiao Yu had contacted Xia ruofei through Lu You. She really did not want to have too much contact with Xia ruofei and Lu You had replied to her that day that she had already informed Xia ruofei.

Qin Xiao Yu thought that this matter was over and she would not have any more interactions with Xia ruofei in the future.

Unexpectedly, bureau chief Chen Bo called her to his office today and asked directly,””Captain Qin, why haven’t we contacted the people who helped us catch Zhao Zhixi? The ministry’s order of commendation is about to come out, but we haven’t fulfilled our promised rewards yet. How can we do this?”

Qin Xiao Yu was a little confused at that time and said,””I’ve been in contact with them since a few days ago!”

“But he hasn’t even come to receive the award yet! “The publicity department has even set up the award ceremony venue ...” Chen Bo’s tone was a little dissatisfied.

“Chief, I told him a few days ago to contact the Public Security Bureau’s publicity department within two days, otherwise, he won’t be waiting.” Qin Xiao Yu’s brows furrowed slightly. Since he didn’t come, maybe he didn’t care about the reward money! There’s no need for us to go all out and give it to him!”

Chen Bo’s face darkened and he said in a deep voice,”nonsense!” Was the reward given by the Ministry of Public Security a joke? Little Qin, you’re also a leader. Don’t you have any political awareness? Such a big thing, how could he just call and not ask? Perhaps this comrade has noble character and unquestionable integrity, but our Public Security Bureau can’t go with the flow. Otherwise, won’t it chill the hearts of those who are brave enough to do justice? If we encounter similar situations in the future, who else will stand up for us?”

Bosnia and Herzegovina’s face was dark as he told Qin Xiao Yu a bunch of big truths, but Qin Xiao Yu could only grit her teeth and swallow it down, nodding silently.

Chen Bo continued,”this kind of thing should be taken the initiative to go to the door and ask!” Also, we have to make it clear to that comrade that this is not only a matter of money, but also the credibility of the public security organization. I believe that as long as we are sincere enough and do our job well, that comrade will definitely understand!”

“Go to the door?” Qin Xiao Yu couldn’t help but widen her pretty eyes.

“Is there a problem?” Chen Bo frowned and said,”this is also a necessary courtesy to treat a meritorious soldier! Little Qin! I think you still need to change your mind! Our public security and Civil Police are here to serve the people. Don’t always have the mindset of an official!”

Qin Xiao Yu felt like ten thousand **** were running through her heart. Where did this old lady have any bullshit official position? I just don’t like him, okay?

“Chief, this ... We’ve been so busy with the special operation to crack down on gangsters and evil recently. Can we let our colleagues in the publicity department do this kind of thing?” Qin Xiao Yu asked weakly.

“No! You’re the one who contacted him from the start. We can’t trouble two people for the same matter, so I’ll leave it to you!” Chen Bo said decisively, then continued,”little Qin, you have to put this job at the top of your priority. You can put the other things aside for the time being. We have so many Criminal police and public security Police involved in this special operation to crack down on the underworld and evil. It won’t affect us much if you’re missing!”

“I understand ...” Qin Xiao Yu knew that she could not decline and scolded Xia ruofei in her heart,”chief, I’ll go out first ...”

“Mm! Contact that comrade immediately!” Chen Bo said,”we have to finish this award ceremony tomorrow. I have already contacted the news media. You must not drop the ball!” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Yes!” Qin Xiao Yu replied weakly and left Chen Bo’s office.

She had also been thinking,”isn’t the director making a mountain out of a molehill?” Isn’t it just catching a wanted criminal? Even if he wanted to give out a bonus, he could just ask him to give him an account number and transfer it over. Why was there a ceremony?

In fact, what Qin Xiaoyu did not know was that Chen Bo really attached great importance to this work this time.

As the director of the Public Security Bureau, Chen Bo was a high – ranking Deputy Director. He even held the position of assistant Mayor in the city government. At the same time, he was also a member of the party group of the provincial Public Security Bureau.

Moreover, Chen Bo was an old Deputy Director who had been in this position for six years.

In a few months, the executive Deputy Director of the Public Security Bureau would be 58 years old. According to past practice, he would retire at this age and wait for two years to pass.

Of course, this wasn’t necessary. There were still many leaders who worked directly until they were at the age of retirement.

However, Deputy Director Guo’s health wasn’t very good. As early as the beginning of the year, there were rumors that he would be transferred to the Vice Chairman of the provincial Political Consultative Conference after his 58th birthday. He would settle his salary as a Deputy and wait for retirement.

The executive Deputy Director of the Public Security Department was usually highly assigned to the main hall. Even if they were not immediately promoted to the main hall when they first took office, after a few years of experience, they were almost certain to be promoted to the main hall.

Therefore, many people had their eyes on this position, and the experienced Chen Bo was naturally one of them.

He had always been engaged in public security work, which was a professional and had enough experience. He was just short of a dazzling achievement.

Capturing Zhao Lianxi this time was undoubtedly like getting a pillow when one was drowsy.

Chen Bo reported the situation to the municipal government and the provincial Office as fast as he could. After the report was reported to the higher – ups, the order of commendation from the Ministry was soon issued, which made Chen Bo very excited.

At this juncture, this result was simply a timely rain! It would be of direct help to him in his fight for that position.

Therefore, he had been paying attention to the case and was ready to add fuel to the fire at any time.

He had been paying attention to giving out awards to the public for the past few days. He had also personally contacted many media outlets, preparing to show his face and add to the fire.

Qin Xiao Yu didn’t understand these things and it was not an injustice to be scolded by Chen Bo.

Helplessly, Qin Xiao Yu could only contact Lu You again. This time, she did not dare to ask Lu You to pass on the message. Instead, she got Xia ruofei’s phone number from Lu You and was prepared to’ lower her status ‘and call Xia ruofei personally.

Unexpectedly, Xia ruofei did not even pick up the call and just hung up.

Qin Xiao Yu had the urge to strangle Xia ruofei.

However, Chen Bo’s words were still ringing in her ears. No matter how dissatisfied Qin Xiao Yu was, she could only suppress her anger. After taking a few deep breaths and stabilizing her emotions, she called Xia ruofei again.

Xia ruofei, who was driving, saw that it was the same number and hung up without thinking. He also blacklisted the number.

He even mumbled to himself,”the harassment calls these days are really persistent. They still don’t give up after hanging up once ...”

Qin Xiao Yu was about to go crazy, she said angrily: “”I’ll keep calling. I don’t believe you won’t pick up!”

After that, Qin Xiao Yu pressed the redial button hard.

“I’m sorry, the number you have dialed is not available ...”

A cold notification sound came from the phone.

Actually, this was a setting that Xia ruofei had set up on his phone. As long as it was a call from a blocked number, the reply would always be ‘turned off’.

There were many ways to set up a blacklist, and his was not the most ruthless one. One of the ways was that when a number from the blacklist called, the call would be answered first and then automatically hung up.

Qin Xiao Yu didn’t know that her number had been blocked by Xia ruofei. She didn’t believe it and called several times in a row, but every time it was a “turned off” prompt.

She was so angry that she wanted to smash things.

“Do I really have to go and personally invite him?” Qin Xiao Yu muttered to herself.

Chen Bo’s serious face appeared in her mind and Qin Xiao Yu was depressed to find that she really had no other choice but to make a trip personally.

The time limit set by Chen Bo was too tight. The prize would be given out tomorrow and the reporters had already been invited. If they were to screw up, it would not be as simple as a few words of criticism like today.

Qin Xiao Yu’s heart felt as awkward as if she had eaten a bug when she thought about how she had to go to Xia ruofei’s house personally to beg him.

However, she had no choice. She could only grit her teeth, grab her phone and bag, and leave. She drove a police car straight to Taoyuan farm.

She had already cursed Xia ruofei’s 18 generations of ancestors in her heart.

Xia ruofei didn’t know that he had inadvertently increased the hatred points of the big – breasted police beauty. He hurried back to Taoyuan farm and apologized to manager li repeatedly.

It was already noon, so they did not go to the site immediately. Xia ruofei dragged manager li to the staff canteen for lunch.

He had even specially asked Cao tieshu’s wife to cook up a special meal and made a few dishes to go with the wine. Then, he took a bottle of Drunken Eight Immortals from the medium and had a few drinks with manager li and Feng Rao.

While they were eating, Xia ruofei made a formal introduction to manager li and Feng Jing, telling them to communicate more about construction matters in the future and not to look for him if it was not particularly important.

Feng Rao was always afraid of having nothing to do. She was willing to do more work. Manager li was well aware of the close relationship between Xia ruofei and his boss. Hence, he was not dissatisfied with Xia ruofei’s decision to leave everything to him. Everyone had a good chat during the dinner.

Xia ruofei also used the time during the meal to briefly introduce the construction plan that he had discussed with Feng Jing to manager li.

After hearing that Xia ruofei was planning to build a lot of vegetable greenhouses, especially a cold storage warehouse, manager li immediately said that he would find a professional company to design and guide the cold storage technology through his connections in the industry.

After all, this was different from ordinary construction projects. Manager li specialized in different fields and did not dare to do things that he was not familiar with. Especially Xia ruofei’s project. The boss had specifically called him to the office to ensure the top quality, so manager li did not dare to take it lightly.

After the meal, Feng Jing asked Liu Qian to make a copy of the farm’s new floor plan and hand it to manager li. Then, the three of them prepared to go to the new land in the north and south for an on – site survey.

When Xia ruofei and the other two walked out of the cafeteria, a Passat police car drove to the small square in front of the building. After the sharp sound of the brakes, an angry Qin Xiaoyu opened the door and got out.

When she saw Xia ruofei picking his teeth with a toothpick, she was even more furious. She was called over by the Bureau chief near the end of work, but she failed to contact Xia ruofei, so she drove directly to Taoyuan farm. She was famished!

And that guy was burping and picking his teeth.

What could be tolerated?

Qin Xiao Yu strode to Xia ruofei and asked angrily,””Xia ruofei, why didn’t you answer my call?”