Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

52 Â The spirit map's mutation_1

Â  Â  "By the way, professor Tian, did you take the medicinal liquid I gave you the day before yesterday? How do you feel about this?" Xia ruofei asked.

Â  "Yes!" Professor Tian said happily. He had been drinking for the past two days! You don't say, but I feel that my body is much tougher, and the weather has changed these two days, but my legs that have been cold for many years have not acted up! Xiao Xia, your medicine is really magical!"

Â  Xia ruofei smiled."I also learned the ancient formula from an old Chinese medicine practitioner. I made some according to the formula. I didn't expect the effect to be so good!"

Â  Xia ruofei paused and continued,""Professor Tian, you only need to take a small amount of this liquid every day. After you finish that bottle, your body should be able to recuperate to a very healthy state. You won't need to take it every day in the future."

Â  "Alright, alright, alright." Professor Tian said happily,"Xiao Xia, your medicine is so effective. It must be very troublesome to prepare it, right?"

Â  "It's not that bad, but two of the herbs are not easy to find, and it's easy to fail if you don't control the fire well, so I only made about one liter." Xia ruofei replied with a smile.

Â  Of course, he deliberately emphasized the difficulty of concocting the medicinal liquid. Although he and professor Tian hit it off quite well and it was not a big deal to give him a small pot of diluted petal solution, he would not be able to bear it if it was a long - term supply. The petals of the strange flower had many uses and were really too precious.

Â  Moreover, this medicinal liquid was so magical. A small pot was enough for professor Tian to recuperate. It would be a waste to drink more.

Â  Professor Tian had no intention of asking Xia ruofei for the medicine. After hearing what Xia ruofei said, he felt that the medicine was precious and was even more grateful to Xia ruofei.

Â  After the two chatted for a while, professor Tian thought for a moment, stood up, and said,""Xia, sit here for a while. I'm going to the study."

Â  Although Xia ruofei did not know why professor Tian suddenly left him to go to the study room, he still said immediately,""Woof! If you have something to do, then go! Don't mind me. "

Â  Professor Tian quickly walked to the stairs and saw that his study room was on the second floor.

Â  Xia ruofei, on the other hand, slowly sipped his tea and sat on the sofa, a little reserved. After a while, he heard the sound of footsteps and saw professor Tian walking down with a small, long paper box.

Â  Professor Tian walked to the sofa and handed the paper box to Xia ruofei. He smiled and said,""Little Xia, you've helped me so much. I don't have much to thank you for. I'll give you this little toy!"

Â  "Professor Tian, I can't accept this," Xia ruofei declined.

Â  "Open it and take a look!" Professor Tian said with a smile as he pushed the paper box forward.

Â  Xia ruofei took the paper box and opened it carefully. A Jade paperweight was lying quietly in the box. The paperweight was carved with two dragons. The carving was very detailed.

Â  The Jade paperweight was obviously an old item and definitely not cheap.

Â  Xia ruofei quickly placed the paper box on the coffee table and said,""Professor Tian, I really can't accept this ... It's too valuable!"

Â  "Don't decline, Xiao Xia!"Professor Tian said. My life was saved by you, and you also gave me such a good health - preserving medicinal liquid and those Peach Garden vegetables, which one of them isn't good? I'm just giving you a small paperweight, why can't you accept it?"

Â  "No... Your paperweight is too expensive. I ..." Xia ruofei said, troubled.

Â  "Xia, are you saying that my life is worth less than a piece of Jade paperweight?" professor Tian pretended to be angry.

Â  "I didn't mean it that way ..."

Â  "Then don't decline! This is my kind intention to express my gratitude!" Professor Tian said.

Â  Just as the two of them were pushing each other around, Tian Huilan walked out and asked curiously,"

Â  "Dad, Xia, what are you doing?"

Â  She walked over and saw the paperweight on the coffee table. She was even more curious and asked,""Dad, why did you take out your Double Dragon paperweight? Don't you hate to use it when you practice writing?"

Â  Professor Tian's eyes widened and he said,""What do you mean you can't bear to use? This thing wasn't worth much! I just wanted to give it to Xiao Xia to express my gratitude! Quickly help me persuade Xiao Xia, he won't accept it no matter what!"

Â  Tian Huilan looked at professor Tian in surprise, and then at the paperweight. However, she quickly reacted and her expression returned to normal.

Â  She smiled and said,"so that's how it is!" Little Xia, since it's a gift from my father, you should take it as your subordinate!"

Â  "Mayor Tian, this ..." Xia ruofei was in a difficult position.

Â  His ability to read people's expressions wasn't bad, so he naturally noticed Tian Huilan's fleeting expression. It was obvious that this paperweight was professor Tian's favorite item, and he was not even willing to use it.

Â  How could he take away someone's love?

Â  "What's this and that? Little Xia, aren't you a soldier? Why have you become so wishy - washy?" Professor Tian said,"isn't it just a paperweight? What's wrong with accepting it?"

Â  Tian Huilan also laughed and said,"little Xia, my father has always been a man of his word. How can you take back a gift that has been given out?" If you don't accept this paperweight today, I don't think my father will want it. Maybe he'll just throw it out!"

Â  Professor Tian nodded repeatedly, as if he would throw the paperweight outside if Xia ruofei refused again.

Â  Xia ruofei had no choice but to smile bitterly and nod.""Okay, I'll take it ... Thank you, professor Tian ..."

Â  Professor Tian's anger turned into joy and he said,"Now this is more like it! Huilan, go find a bag to put this paperweight in!"

Â  "Alright!" Tian Huilan said as she went to find a bag.

Â  Very quickly, she came back with a paper bag. Xia ruofei quickly said,""I'll do it myself, I'll do it myself!"

Â  After saying this, he took the paper bag from Tian Huilan's hand and put it aside. Then, he picked up the paper box cover and prepared to close it.

Â  At this moment, Xia ruofei's fingers accidentally touched the Jade paperweight in the box. Then, he felt the spiritual painting scroll that he had hidden on his body suddenly shake. Vissit novelbin(.)c.ğ’m for updates

Â  Xia ruofei even had a feeling that the spirit painting was filled with joy and hunger, as if it had a mind of its own.

Â  Xia ruofei could not help but be stunned. Ever since he had obtained the scroll, this was the first time he had seen the scroll actively reacting.

Â  Professor Tian saw Xia ruofei suddenly stop and was stunned. He could not help but ask curiously,""Little Xia, what's wrong?"

Â  "Oh ... It's nothing, it's nothing ..." Xia ruofei returned to her senses and replied hurriedly.

Â  He forcefully suppressed his curiosity and moved his hand away. The spirit painting immediately stopped shaking.

Â  Xia ruofei closed the paper box and carefully put it in the paper bag. However, he could not calm down.

Â  Then, Tian Huilan continued to prepare lunch while Xia ruofei and professor Tian chatted. Xia ruofei was still a little absent - minded until lunch.

Â  During lunch, Xia ruofei used the excuse that he had to drive and politely declined professor Tian's invitation to have a drink. Professor Tian did not force him and poured himself a small glass of white wine.

Â  Xia ruofei's mind was completely focused on the Jade paperweight, so he quickly bade farewell to professor Tian and Tian Huilan after he finished eating.

Â  After leaving professor Tian's house, Xia ruofei drove straight to the holiday villa he had rented in the suburbs.

Â  He was eager to go home. The only thing on his mind was to get home as soon as possible and take out the spirit map scroll in an absolutely safe environment. He wanted to study why it suddenly vibrated when he touched the Jade paperweight.