Chapter 517: The crisis at the customs (2)

Australia’s customs inspection was very strict. Every traveler entering the country had to fill in a customs form, and there could not be any concealment. In the most serious case, carrying prohibited items could even be sentenced and unable to hand over bail.

Xia ruofei only had a few changes of clothes in his luggage. If it was not for the sake of acting, he did not need to bring any luggage. With the spirit map space, even if he wanted to transport an Arsenal to Australia, no one would be able to detect it.

Hence, Xia ruofei simply scanned the entry card and wrote ‘no’ to all the items.

Very quickly, the plane landed smoothly at Kingsford Smith Airport.

After a short wait, the cabin door opened and Xia ruofei got off the plane.

Entering Australia from China did not require any quarantine procedures. Xia ruofei followed the crowd to the customs counter.

A fat white immigration officer carefully checked Xia ruofei’s passport, entry card, and so on. He asked a few questions, such as “why are you in Australia” and “how long you will stay”.

Xia ruofei’s English wasn’t very fluent, but he had no problem conversing. He passed the test very quickly.

He didn’t have any luggage checked in, so he directly dragged his suitcase and walked through the green marked passage with the entry card in his hand.

The place where the luggage was checked was still a white customs officer, who was very fat.

The two white passengers in front passed the inspection quickly. Xia ruofei walked up to them and handed them his entry card.

The customs official glanced at the entry card and asked,”“Anythingtodeclare? (Is there anything to declare?)”

“no,” Xia ruofei replied without hesitation.

The customs officer looked suspicious and gestured for Xia ruofei to open the luggage.

Xia ruofei’s eyes showed a trace of anger. The two white travelers in front also went through the green passage, but the customs only asked a few questions and let them through.

It was his turn to be asked to open the box for inspection, even though he only had a small piece of luggage with him. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Although racial discrimination was severely condemned everywhere, in reality, discrimination was everywhere.

It was not uncommon for Chinese people to have all kinds of difficulties at the airport and customs when they were traveling or on business trips.

Although Xia ruofei was a little angry, the other party’s request was completely in line with the rules. He could only open the suitcase with a frown.

The customs officer pouted and began to check.

There were only two sets of clothes in Xia ruofei’s luggage, but he took more than ten minutes to check. He almost cut open all the clothes and the inner layer of the luggage.

In the end, they could not find anything. The customs official let Xia ruofei through unwillingly.

Xia ruofei tidied up the messy luggage with a cold expression. Then, he looked coldly at the customs official who looked like a fat pig and dragged the luggage out.

Xia ruofei glanced at the crowd and did not see his name on the sign.

Just as he was feeling a little confused, he heard an excited voice.

“RUO Fei, this way!”

Xia ruofei looked towards the source of the voice and finally saw a familiar figure in the crowd.

The slightly chubby Liang Qichao was waving at him excitedly.

Xia ruofei, who was in a bad mood after being picked on at the customs for a long time, finally smiled.

This kid really got his wish of working in Australia!

He dragged his suitcase and quickened his pace.

When he arrived in front of Liang Qichao, the two of them hugged each other tightly.

Xia ruofei punched Liang Qichao’s chest and laughed.”Brother Liang, you’ve been in Australia for a long time? Why didn’t you tell me?”

“Hahaha! I just wanted to give you a surprise. ” Liang Qichao said happily,”how is it? do you feel like you’re in high spirits now?”

“I can see that the food here in Australia is not bad ...” Xia ruofei sized up Liang Qichao and said with a smile.

“Don’t you touch a sore spot!” Liang Qichao said gloomily.

At this moment, a voice rang out,””Little Xia! Long time no see ...”

Xia ruofei then saw that Grandpa Tang He was standing not far behind Liang Qichao, looking at him with a smile.

Xia ruofei quickly walked over.”Mr. Tang, why did you come to pick us up personally? I’m flattered!”

“My plane just landed too!” Tang He laughed. It was I who asked Captain Johnson to plan the schedule according to your flight. My plane landed 10 minutes after your flight!”

Hearing this, Xia ruofei couldn’t help but feel a little flattered. This old master Tang really valued him. He could tell from this detail.

“Old man, you’re so kind ...” Xia ruofei said sincerely.

Tang He smiled and said,”did the journey go smoothly, Xia?” Why did you take so long to come out?”

It was fine if Tang He didn’t mention it, but once he did, Xia ruofei couldn’t help but show a trace of anger.

Tang He was also an experienced man. The slight change in Xia ruofei’s expression did not escape his eyes. He frowned slightly and asked,””What’s wrong? Little Xia, did something happen?”

Xia ruofei smiled helplessly and said,””Mr. Tang, I’ve only read about it on the internet before, but today, I’ve finally experienced the discrimination that Chinese people suffer overseas ...”

After that, Xia ruofei briefly explained what he had just experienced and sneered,””There were only two sets of clothes in total, but the Australian Customs took 15 minutes to check. I’m really drunk ...”

Tang He’s face also darkened. He said,””Xiao Xia, I know about this. Let’s not leave in a hurry. Let’s sit over there for a while ...”

“Old man, are you planning to ...”

“Hmph! They even dared to make things difficult for my distinguished guest, how can I not teach them a lesson!” Tang He said coldly.

Xia ruofei was not one to swallow his anger. He smiled and followed Tang He to the rest area to find a chair to sit on.

Tang He whispered a few words to a white man next to him. The white man nodded and quickly left.

After that, Tang He sat down and chatted with Xia ruofei calmly, while Liang Qichao looked indignant.

……

At the luggage inspection area.

The fat white customs officer was still checking the luggage.

He had just used 30 seconds to ask a few simple questions before letting an United States passenger through the customs.

Next, an old Chinese couple came to him.

It might be the first time for the two of them to leave the country. The old man in his 70s nervously handed over his entry card.

The fat pig glanced at the two Chinese old men from the corner of his eye and asked expressionlessly,”“Anythingtodeclare?”

The old man must have done his homework before he went abroad. He quickly said,”“no，sir!”

In fact, the luggage of the passengers who took the green channel was very simple, and there was nothing to declare. If they were not confident, they would take the red channel to be checked.

The fat pig looked at their passports. After realizing that they were Chinese, he immediately raised his head and said with his nose pointed to the sky,””Open your luggage, we want to check!”

The old man’s English wasn’t very good, so he asked a few times with a puzzled face. He opened the suitcase under the fat pig’s impatient look.

The fat pig started rummaging through the old man’s luggage without any restraint.

Suddenly, his eyes revealed a hint of joy. He quickly took out a small lunch box, opened the lid, and saw two small cakes inside. He immediately said loudly,””You guys actually brought food! Don’t you know that you’re not allowed to enter the country?”