Chapter 519: Make things big (2)

When the Chinese lady heard this, she immediately revealed a furious expression, her body trembling slightly.

“Young lady, what did he say?” the old man asked.

The Chinese girl took a few deep breaths before she slowly calmed down and said,”Old Sir, don’t ask anymore ... It’s not anything good ...”

The old man looked at the fat pig behind the counter and found that he was chatting in a low voice with a colleague. The fat pig’s eyes were looking at him from time to time, and the two of them were even snickering.

The old man asked,”miss, did he just insult our country?” What did he say?”

The Chinese girl said helplessly,”old Sir, please don’t ask ... You’ll be even angrier if you know.” You’d better think about how to get through this first!”

At this time, the fat pig saw the Chinese people discussing in low voices and couldn’t help but ask in a loud voice with a look of disdain,””Hey! chinaman! Hurry up and pay the fine!”

This time, even the Chinese girl couldn’t help but reveal a look of anger.

That was because the fat pig had used a very discriminatory title,”Chinaman,” which was also “Chinese.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

There was no need to explain what this title meant to the Chinese.

The Chinese girl immediately protested,””Mister! This is discrimination against China. Please provide your name, I need to file a complaint to your boss!”

The fat pig sneered indifferently and threw a complaint to the Chinese girl. He pouted and said,””Please do!”

Then, he glanced at the big and small bags of luggage that the Chinese lady had brought and asked,””I don’t think you’ve finished the inspection yet? Are you sure you want to file a complaint?”

The threat in his words was very obvious.

The Chinese girl showed a hint of hesitation on her face. She knew very well that if she insisted on filing a complaint, this fat pig would definitely do his best to make things difficult for her in the next inspection.

Was it really worth it to cause herself such trouble for an old couple who didn’t know each other?

The hesitation in the Chinese girl’s heart only existed for a very short moment. When she thought of the insulting address used by the fat pig just now, as well as the disdainful and even slowly malicious snickering when she saw the Chinese people, the words “country” and “nation” made her fear disappear without a trace.

She gritted her teeth and grabbed the pen on the counter to fill in the complaint form.

The fat pig’s eyes flashed with a hint of ruthlessness. He had already made up his mind to make things difficult for this Chinese woman who did not know the immensity of heaven and earth during the next examination.

At this time, a middle – aged white man in a suit and leather shoes hurried over with the White assistant who had been with Tang He just now.

The middle – aged white man’s face was filled with anxiety and even panic.

He quickly arrived at the counter and called out,””Houton!”

Houton was the fat white customs officer. He turned his head and saw that it was his boss. He quickly and respectfully said,”Mr. Smith, do you have any orders?”

The middle – aged white man, Smith, had an ugly expression on his face. He frowned and said,””We’ve received a complaint from a guest. A Chinese passenger claims that he was treated unfairly at customs!”

Houton had checked many passengers today. As long as they were from China, he would basically make things difficult for them. In the past, he had done it countless times, but he didn’t take it seriously at all. He couldn’t even think of who was so bold to actually complain about him.

From his experience, many Chinese travelers would not dare to say anything even if he tried to make things difficult for them. The Chinese girl in front of him who was filling up the complaint form was basically an exception.

“Mr. Smith, I’ve always followed the rules strictly. I don’t discriminate against travelers in specific areas!” Houton said righteously.

“You can explain this to the honored guest!” Smith said as he looked at Houton in disgust.

As his superior, he was naturally very clear about Hutton’s character.

In fact, Smith didn’t have a good impression of Chinese people. He had always turned a blind eye to Hutton’s actions, but he didn’t expect that this fat pig would be so blind to offend such a Big Shot that he couldn’t afford to offend.

“Honored guest?” Houton’s brain couldn’t wrap itself around this.”Mr. Smith, did I hear you wrong? You’re actually calling a Chinese man a distinguished guest?”

At this time, the Chinese girl who was filling in the complaint form also heard their conversation. She immediately looked up and said,””Sir, are you his superior? I was just about to file a complaint to you about this Mr. Hutton! He treats Chinese travelers differently and uses racist insulting words. We raise a serious protest!”

Smith’s head started to throb when he heard that. He couldn’t help but look guiltily at the white man beside him.

Tang He’s white assistant was not easy to deal with either. He immediately asked,””Madam, what happened to you? Please tell me everything. Mr. Tang will definitely seek justice for you!”

The Chinese girl didn’t know who “Mr. Tang” was, but she could tell that he was Chinese from the way he was addressed. Moreover, he seemed to have a lot of power.

So, she told him everything that had happened without hesitation, including the unfair treatment that the old couple had suffered and the “Chinaman” that fat pig Hutton had just said.