Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

53 Â Evolution of the space (1)

Â  Â  After leaving the Urban area, the pickup truck roared and rushed forward on the winding Expressway, almost at the speed limit.

Â  Xia ruofei felt as if he had found the feeling he had when he was learning how to drive in the Army.

Â  At the holiday villa.

Â  Xia ruofei drove the pickup truck straight into the courtyard. There was a sharp screeching sound of the brakes, and two black brake marks were left on the concrete floor of the courtyard.

Â  Xia ruofei jumped out of the car, held the paper bag in his hand, and rushed into the villa.

Â  He jogged upstairs and locked the door and windows in his bedroom. Then he carefully took out the scroll he had hidden on his body and placed it on his bed.

Â  He then took out the Jade paperweight.

Â  When Xia ruofei's hand touched the Jade paperweight, the painting started to shake again. ğ’‚ll new stğ’ries at n0ve/lbi/ğ’(.)cğ’m

Â  Xia ruofei could feel that the scroll seemed to be looking forward to this paperweight, but he did not know what to do.

Â  Should I ... Try bringing this paperweight into the spirit map space? Xia ruofei had this thought.

Â  He held the Jade paperweight in his hand and began to communicate with the spirit map space.

Â  Just as Xia ruofei connected to the spirit map space and was about to enter, a suction force came from the spirit map space. Then, he saw the Jade paperweight being sucked into the spirit map.

Â  When the Jade paperweight was sucked into the spirit map, it was like a snowflake falling into boiling water. It disappeared without a trace.

Â  Xia ruofei was shocked.

Â  He opened the scroll and looked around, but the Jade paperweight was nowhere to be found.

Â  Could it be that it was sucked into the space? The spirit map space would take the initiative to absorb things?

Â  At this thought, Xia ruofei connected to the spirit map space again. Before he could issue the order to enter the space, he was stunned ...

Â  In the past, he could only use his mind to contact the spirit map space and issue simple instructions like entering or leaving. However, when he connected to the spirit map space now, everything in the space suddenly appeared in his mind as if he had seen it with his own eyes.

Â  Moreover, he could clearly sense that the entire space seemed to have become somewhat different.

Â  Xia ruofei did not have time to investigate the changes. He sent out the order to enter the space. His body flashed and he was inside the spirit map space.

Â  The familiar feeling of dizziness quickly disappeared. Xia ruofei stood on the ground of the space and looked at everything in front of him with a dumbfounded expression.

Â  The most obvious thing was that the space had doubled, from the original one mu to two mu.

Â  The space that had been a little cramped after planting the vegetables suddenly became a lot more spacious. At the outermost area of the space, there was an open space, which was in sharp contrast to the scope of the previous space. It was as if a ring was nested outside the land of the previous space.

Â  Then, the diameter of the pool in the middle of the space also doubled, becoming about two meters. The clear water in the pool rippled slightly, making people feel relaxed and happy.

Â  Besides, Xia ruofei could clearly feel that the air in the space had become fresher. Taking a deep breath, he felt refreshed.

Â  Obviously, after the Jade paperweight was absorbed by the spirit map, the entire spirit map space underwent an evolution.

Â  What happened to the nameless plant? Would the Tri - colored flower change? Xia ruofei thought fervently.

Â  In the entire space, the thing he was most concerned about was undoubtedly this nameless plant.

Â  With a trace of anticipation, Xia ruofei quickly walked towards the nameless plant.

Â  From afar, Xia ruofei could already feel his excitement. Just as he had expected, the nameless plant had also evolved.

Â  The branch, which was originally only as thick as a thumb, had obviously grown a size larger. It was as thick as a baby's arm, and it had grown a bit taller.

Â  What made Xia ruofei even more excited was that the flower crown, which had not even been three days old, had grown new petals. The number of petals had increased as well.

Â  One, two, three, four ...

Â  The flower crown had four petals!

Â  Other than the red, yellow, and blue petals, there was also an additional green petal!

Â  The petals of the exotic flower were too important to Xia ruofei. Not only did he need them to strengthen his body, but they were also indispensable for his future career development.

Â  Hence, every piece of land that was added had an extraordinary meaning to Xia ruofei.

Â  With excitement, he carefully collected the four petals with a pair of tweezers and put them in a preservation box.

Â  Then, Xia ruofei walked around the space.

Â  In the end, he stood by the pool and felt that the space had expanded. Even his state of mind seemed to have widened a lot. The invisible pressure that had been produced in the confined space in the past had been reduced a lot.

Â  Besides, Xia ruofei realized that he had established an invisible connection with the space. He had a feeling that he was the absolute master in this space. Every blade of grass, every tree, every speck of dust seemed to be under his control.

Â  However, this feeling was still faintly discernible, as if it was very difficult to grasp.

Â  Xia ruofei looked around for a while and suddenly thought of something."If the entire space had evolved, what about the flow of time? Would there be any changes?

Â  As soon as the thought came to his mind, Xia ruofei did not want to wait any longer. He immediately left the spirit map space and brought the small alarm clock back to the space to start the test.

Â  After waiting outside for a minute, Xia ruofei entered the spirit map space again.

Â  The time on the small alarm clock showed that 15 minutes had passed in the interspace!

Â  As expected, the flow of time had also evolved. Now, the difference in the flow of time between the inside and outside was fifteen times!

Â  Xia ruofei was very happy. The space's all - Round evolution was a great thing for him. The more powerful the space was, the more room he would have for future development.

Â  Xia ruofei thought about the strange feeling he had when he connected to the space with his mind after the Jade paperweight was absorbed by the spirit map space. It was as if his invisible connection with the space had been strengthened and he could see every blade of grass and every tree in the space.

Â  He pondered for a moment and left the medium.

Â  Then, he used his mind to contact the spirit map space again, but he did not give the order to enter the space.

Â  That miraculous scene appeared once again.

Â  Everything in the interspace was reflected in his mind, including the neat rows of vegetable fields, the clear spirit pond in the interspace, and the Tupperware containing the petals of the nameless plant.

Â  A thought flashed through Xia ruofei's mind. He could 'see' the things in the space. Could he try to take them out?

Â  Previously, he had to carry items in and out of the space by himself in order to carry things.

Â  Xia ruofei focused on the container with the flower petals and tried to give instructions to the spirit map space.

Â  Then, a miraculous scene appeared ...