Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 536: The perfect engraving_1

Even though the sheep – Fat white jade was extremely precious and this was the first time Xia ruofei had officially engraved the core rune, he had completely forgotten about his nervousness.

Xia ruofei was highly focused.

He had practiced engraving the core rune on ordinary low – Quality white jade countless times, and every rune seemed to be deeply imprinted in his mind.

The carving knife in Xia ruofei’s hand did not tremble at all. The arc, depth, and direction of the first cut were all extremely accurate. The Jade chips were rolled up by the carving knife effortlessly and divided into two sides of the rune mark.

Every single independent rune had to be completed in one stroke without any pause.

Hence, Xia ruofei turned his wrist slightly and the carving knife drew a mysterious arc and turned to the other side.

He had been releasing his mental force the entire time, following the tip of the carving knife to sense the subtle changes on the surface of the sheep – Fat white jade.

Hook, spin, pull ...

Xia ruofei completed the first rune in one go. There was no deviation and it was almost perfect.

He took a deep breath and blew away the Jade chips on the surface of the rune. He rubbed it with his hand and rested for about half a minute. Then, he picked up the carving knife again, found the relative position, and cut without hesitation.

The second one, the third one ...

More and more Jade fragments fell off the table, and more and more mysterious marks began to appear on the smooth surface of the Supreme – grade sheep – Fat white jade.

Xia ruofei’s forehead started to sweat. Under such a high level of concentration, it was very exhausting.

However, his hand holding the carving knife remained steady, and his eyes were still as calm as an ancient well.

More than an hour had passed.

Xia ruofei’s carving knife drew a curve and then gently lifted, leaving a perfect arc on the shallow layer. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

He heaved a long sigh of relief. This was the last stroke, and also the most difficult one.

Now, the 17 independent runes had all been engraved.

With a thought, Xia ruofei took out a cloth from the spirit map space and wiped off all the Jade chips on the surface of the Supreme – grade suet white jade. Even the Jade chips inside the rune marks were removed.

He then picked up the sheep – Fat white jade and carefully examined it with a slightly nervous heart.

During the engraving process, Xia ruofei would take a short break before he completed a single rune. However, in order to not be interrupted, he usually did not rest for too long. Hence, even though the engraving process felt great, Xia ruofei was not sure what the final result would be.

From the first rune onwards, Xia ruofei was fully focused on checking every detail.

He had especially checked the areas that he had often made small mistakes in his previous practice.

Xia ruofei only smiled in relief after he finished checking the last rune.

It was close to perfection!

It could be said that Xia ruofei had done the best he had done in the past few days.

He couldn’t find a single flaw, not even a tiny one, and it was almost a perfect realization of the ideal state in the booklet.

It should be said that Xia ruofei had already reached the limit of human strength. Unless he could improve himself further, he might be able to draw a more perfect rune.

Of course, Xia ruofei’s good performance might be related to the quality of the Jade.

In the past, when he practiced, he used inferior Jade materials. Most of these Jade materials had many impurities, which would cause some interference to the carving of runes.

This time, it was the highest quality sheep – Fat white jade. The texture was softer and there were no impurities. This allowed Xia ruofei to complete the whole carving process in one go without any distractions.

Therefore, it was reasonable for the runes to be of the highest quality.

Xia ruofei held the suet white jade Kasaya in his hand. To be more precise, it was a qualified soul puppet core.

He followed the instructions in the booklet and slowly inserted his mental power into the rune. He immediately felt a slight attraction force, absorbing all the mental power he had sent out.

In the process of output, Xia ruofei could feel every stroke and every detail of the runes. These runes were like roads, and his spiritual power was like a car driving on the road.

The driver would naturally be able to feel the progress of the road construction the most directly.

Now, Xia ruofei felt like he was driving on the highway. His spiritual power passed through the relatively independent but interconnected runes and finally gathered in the 17th rune, which was the last rune.

The rune was like a water reservoir, continuously storing Xia ruofei’s spiritual power.

Xia ruofei had a general idea of how the soul puppet worked. His spiritual power was probably the reason why the soul puppet could carry out its master’s orders and work according to his instructions.

However, Xia ruofei still could not figure out where the spiritual puppet’s power came from.

Spiritual power shouldn’t be able to make the spiritual puppet move, right?

The things recorded in the booklet were beyond the scope of scientific explanation. In fact, the existence of the spirit map space was a huge BUG. Of course, Xia ruofei would not waste his brain cells to study these things.

He didn’t continue to pour spiritual energy into it.

Because he had not unlocked the contents of the next page, he could not create a spiritual puppet for the time being. Moreover, after more than an hour of carving, his spirit was a little exhausted, so there was no need to continue overdrawing.