Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 539: Chapter 423 – Prosperity (1)

In the following period of time, Xia ruofei resumed his lazy, slow – paced life.

Under Feng Jing’s tireless management, the company was on the rise.

Two days after Xia ruofei returned to the country, manager li brought out the revised design plan. Xia ruofei did not ask manager li to go back and forth. He looked at the revised plan through email and made the decision.

The entire project cost 9.5 million Yuan, but Xia ruofei was not too worried about the money. Although there was not much cash on the books, Xia ruofei still asked pang Hao to transfer two million Yuan in advance.

This way, there was not much money left on the company’s books.

Fortunately, Taoyuan vegetables could be exchanged for a large amount of cash every day, so at least he didn’t have to worry about his salary.

The company’s administrative team was also getting stronger and stronger. Feng Jing also successfully convinced an old classmate of hers, Wanwan, who had just resigned from a top 500 company in the world, to come to paradise Corporation to be the marketing director.

Xia ruofei had also personally interviewed the marketing director, Xiao Qiang.

Xiao Qiang was in his early 30s. He looked like a smart and capable person. He was also very humble, so Xia ruofei had a good first impression of him.

Moreover, he was personally invited by Feng Jing, so Xia ruofei agreed without much hesitation.

With that, Feng Jing’s team was only lacking an Administrative Director.

Manager li brought their company’s best construction team into the construction site, and Tao Yuan farm was once again in full swing.

In the past few days, Xia ruofei had been taking the body tempering and spirit nourishing soup regularly. His physical quality and spiritual power cultivation were improving every day.

Now, Xia ruofei could hold on for about ten minutes for the second set of movements from the little golden man. He felt that he would be able to break through again soon.

The nourishment soup could only be consumed once a week, so the improvement in his spiritual power was not as obvious. Xia ruofei tried to unlock the next page of the booklet again, but it was obvious that he was still far from it. The Golden stripes did not form a complete word, but Xia ruofei felt a little exhausted.

He knew that if he wanted to unlock the contents of the booklet again, it would probably take another one or two months.

However, Xia ruofei was not in a hurry. He took advantage of this time to collect as many materials as possible to make a spiritual puppet.

The company’s operations were thriving, and the spirit map space was also thriving.

Xia ruofei had used his free time to cut the wild iron – Skin Dendrobium from laoyan mountain in batches. Now, there were about 10000 strains. Including the time in the outside world, they had grown for three to four years and could be picked at any time.

These days, Xia ruofei followed the method he found on the internet and cut off the stem that could be used for medicine, leaving a part of the tender stem to let it continue to grow.

Xia ruofei found an open space in the new space and covered it with a plastic sheet. He moved all the fresh iron – Skin Dendrobium strips to the new space and spread them out on the plastic sheet to let them dry naturally.

Xia ruofei did not know how to process the iron – skinned Dendrobium into iron – skinned maples. However, the spirit map space’s preservation ability was better than the world’s most powerful refrigerator, so it was fine to keep these fresh strips in the space for the time being.

The 12 branches of the big red – robed mother tree with Nine Dragons trunk in the original space had grown into 12 thick tea trees after three to four years in the outside world, nourished by the rich natural energy in the space every day.

Besides, Xia ruofei found a small plot of land at the side and cut out more than 100 tea trees with the branches he cut from the 12 tea trees.

Of course, strictly speaking, these tea trees could only be regarded as the grandchildren of the mother tree. However, due to its asexual reproduction, the tea leaves they produced should be of very good quality.

Of course, under the nourishment of the spiritual Qi in the space, it was hard not to get a Supreme – grade one.

However, Xia ruofei still strictly distinguished the 12 tea trees cut by the mother tree’s branches from these tea trees.

These 12 tea trees would definitely produce top – quality tea leaves in the future. Xia ruofei was prepared to keep these tea leaves for himself. When he needed them, he could give a small portion of them away.

As for the 100 or so third – generation Da Hong Pao tea trees, Xia ruofei was prepared to move them to a wider space when they grew up. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

The flow of time in the new space was the same as the outside world. When the harvest time came, it could be harvested once a year, and it might even become another brand product of the Paradise Corporation.

Of course, ye Lingyun would definitely help with the tea – making in the future. As for the tea – picking, Xia ruofei hoped that Ling Hua could complete it.

However, picking tea leaves was a delicate task. Xia ruofei was not sure if the soul puppet was up to the task and could only wait for time to verify it.

As for the Phoebe zhennan and the wild ginseng, they were growing well in the original space.

Precious wild ginseng could be seen almost everywhere on the land where the ginseng was planted. Any one of them that was dug up was a hundred – year – old ginseng. The aureum had already formed a forest, and each plant was quite thick. After a period of time, they could be seen growing larger.

If Tang He saw this scene, his jaw would probably drop. Was this still the agonizingly slow – growing Phoebe zhennan?

In the space fish pond, the red Arowana seedlings had now grown into adults. The fish pond was already a little crowded.

Xia ruofei spent half a day using his mental energy to clear out the fish pond that was used to raise ordinary fish. He used his invisible spatial energy to lift all the grass carps and chubs out of the net.