Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 549: Top – grade fresh bars (1)

Laoyan mountain in Jiangsu and Zhejiang Province was an important producer of iron – Skin Dendrobium in the entire Huaxia.

Even today, there were still many people in the laoyan mountain area of Jiangsu and Zhejiang who were trying to imitate the wild planting of iron – Skin Dendi.

If Xia ruofei wanted to look for the old master who made the iron – Skin maples, the best place to go was Jiangsu and Zhejiang.

The iron – skinned maple stem, also known as the ten thousand feet beard, was the dried product of the fresh iron – skinned Dendrobium strips. The ingredients were dendrobe glucose, dendine alkali, and dendenamine. It had the effects of nourishing the five internal organs, anti – aging, lowering the three highs, and inhibiting tumors.

It was a precious Chinese medicinal herb in China. Among the people, iron fengdou was known as the “life – saving immortal grass” and the “giant panda” in the medicinal world.

The last time Xia ruofei came to Jiangsu and Zhejiang Province to sell wild ginseng, he happened to see a rich man going to Tongren Hall to buy wild iron – skinned fengdou. It was the high price of 100000 Yuan per kilogram that tempted Xia ruofei and made the last – minute decision to try his luck at laoyan mountain.

In the end, not only did he find a few pure wild iron – Skin dendrobes, but he also unexpectedly obtained a nest of terrifying killer bees. Later, this nest of killer bees played a very crucial role when he dealt with Liang Haiming. It had been a long time since that incident, but the Liang family had not made any moves. It was obvious that they did not attribute Liang Haiming’s death to human factors.

The iron – Skin Dendrobium that Xia ruofei had kept in the spirit map space had now grown to 10000 stalks. During this period of time, Xia ruofei had used his free time to harvest the ripe fresh strips. There were nearly 100000 stalks. Now, he was just short of an experienced master to make them into iron – Skin Dendrobium.

Xia ruofei’s iron – Skin Dendrobium was not something that those artificially cultivated species could compare to. Even the iron – Skin dendantry that was cultivated in a highly wild environment could not compare to Xia ruofei’s space dendantry. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

One must know that the Dendrobium in Xia ruofei’s interspace were all wild superior – grade ones. In addition, they were nourished by the rich spiritual Qi. Their quality was much higher than when they were growing on the cliff of laoyan mountain.

Naturally, Xia ruofei could not sell such good iron – Skin Dendrobium directly. He had to make all of them into expensive Chinese medicinal herbs like iron – Skin Dendrobium to maximize his profits.

Moreover, he couldn’t just randomly find someone to make it. It was best to find a very experienced master to not waste such good materials.

Xia ruofei picked two wild ginsengs from the spirit map space, dug them out, dried them in the shade, and wrapped them in a paper box. Then, he booked a plane ticket online and went straight to Qiantang city, the capital of Jiangsu and Zhejiang Province.

The two wild ginsengs he chose were about the same size as the two ginsengs he sold at Tongren Hall in Qiantang city.

Now, Xia ruofei had a lot of wild ginseng in his interspace. Each one could be said to be priceless. However, the rarer something was, the more expensive it would be. Xia ruofei had such a huge amount of wealth, but he could not exchange it for money.

This time, he considered that it had been some time since the last sale of wild ginseng, and the construction of the farm needed money. Although he could get an advance bonus from the winery, if he sold two ginsengs, he wouldn’t have to worry about the initial construction costs.

Of course, selling the wild ginseng was just a side trip. Xia ruofei’s main goal was to find an experienced master to help make the iron – skinned maples.

Xia ruofei was not familiar with the Jiangsu and Zhejiang regions and did not have any friends. If he wanted to find an experienced master who made maple Dipper, the best way was to ask a local person with connections to introduce him.

And the manager of Tongren Hall was a very suitable candidate.

Tongren Hall had been purchasing precious Chinese medicinal herbs such as iron – Skin maples all year round and had connections with companies that grew high – Quality iron – Skin Dendi. They must have some connections.

The last time Xia ruofei sold the wild ginseng, the manager of Tongren Hall in Qiantang city had enthusiastically left his contact information for Xia ruofei. This time, he could use it.

As for the two wild ginsengs, Xia ruofei was using them to cash out his capital and also as two stepping stones, killing two birds with one stone.

It turned out that Xia ruofei’s decision was correct.

Before he set off, he had contacted President Lin of Tongren Hall in Qiantang city. When President Lin heard that Xia ruofei had two more wild ginseng of the same quality as the last time, he was overjoyed and was very enthusiastic.

CEO Lin even asked for Xia ruofei’s flight number and sent a car to Xiaoshan airport to pick him up.

Xia ruofei took the car that Mr. Lin had sent and arrived at the Tongren Hall.

President Lin had been waiting in the store for a long time.

When Xia ruofei took out the two wild ginsengs, CEO Lin immediately asked the appraiser to take a look. He also picked up one of them and looked at it closely. His posture was like a strong man who had been thirsty for years seeing a naked beauty.

It was reasonable for Mr. Lin to place so much importance on the two wild ginsengs that Xia ruofei had sold last time. Not long after they were displayed in the most prominent position of Tongren Hall, a Big Boss took a fancy to them and bought them at a high price.

In just a short while, Tongren Hall had earned a whole one million Yuan.

Not to mention the business Commission, this performance was already eye – catching enough.

At that time, President Lin went to the main branch in Beijing for a meeting and straightened his back a lot.

After that, many rich people who heard the news from the big boss also came to the shop. Unfortunately, the shop No longer had such good wild ginseng for sale.