Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 578: Another breakthrough (2)

However, compared to making money, Xia ruofei was more eager to improve his strength.

Therefore, he quickly returned to the spatial spirit pond after walking around.

Following the principle of sweet after bitter, Xia ruofei started to make the body tempering soup first.

Now that he was familiar with the process and the Chinese herbs he needed were all ready, Xia ruofei quickly brewed a big bowl of steaming hot body tempering soup.

Thinking of the pain after taking the body tempering soup, Xia ruofei’s heart could not help but tremble. However, he did not hesitate to raise his head and gulp down the entire bowl of body tempering soup.

Xia ruofei was already used to the strong effects of the body tempering soup, but he still couldn’t help but groan after taking it. The skin all over his body turned red in an instant, and his entire body seemed to swell up. Every inch of his skin felt as if it was being roasted by flames, and every pore on his body felt as if they were being pricked by needles.

Xia ruofei was already experienced. He immediately demonstrated the second set of movements demonstrated by the Golden Man.

This set of movements looked extremely strange. The body and limbs were twisted at a strange angle, which was more than an order of magnitude more difficult than yoga.

However, when Xia ruofei got into this position, the surging medicinal effect immediately began to relax and slowly entered Xia ruofei’s muscles and bones.

Xia ruofei could even feel every Meridian, every inch of skin, and every bone in his body trembling. The medicinal properties of the body tempering soup were constantly being pushed into his body by a high pressure.

Usually, when he practiced this set of movements, he would have to endure the pain of his muscles and bones twitching all the time. However, Xia ruofei did not seem to feel the pain at all. He did not even feel the passage of time. He just maintained this strange posture and did not move at all.

Time slowly passed by.

Xia ruofei was in a state of complete oblivion. He did not know how much time had passed. Suddenly, he seemed to hear a light cracking sound, as if something had broken.

......

Then, Xia ruofei felt something new in his mind.

Xia ruofei’s heart was suddenly filled with joy. He had experienced the same feeling once before and naturally knew what this meant.

Xia ruofei closed his eyes to sense and immediately revealed a hint of joy. He had indeed remembered the third set of movements demonstrated by the little golden man.

He knew very well that this meant that he had already practiced the second set of movements to perfection.

It really wasn’t easy! After practicing the first set of movements for a period of time, he successfully broke through the first time he took the body tempering soup.

The second set of movements took much longer, and he had been taking the body tempering soup almost non – stop during this period. It was not until today that he had a breakthrough.

It could be seen that the difficulty of the little golden man’s demonstration had also increased exponentially.

He really didn’t know to what extent his strength would increase after he finished cultivating all nine sets of movements.

Even now, Xia ruofei had never dared to think about his current strength.

He had never realized that a human’s physical strength could reach such a terrifying height.

However, after he had consumed the body tempering soup and practiced the little golden man’s movements time and time again, he had continuously achieved new breakthroughs.

Sometimes, Xia ruofei even wondered if there was a group of people in this world who were as powerful as him, but these people rarely appeared in the secular world.

Anyway, up until now, Xia ruofei had not met any particularly strong opponents. The only one that made Xia ruofei feel threatened was black Panther, who had kidnapped Ling Qingxue last time.

Be it strength, speed or reaction, Black Panther gave Xia ruofei a sense of danger. Furthermore, Black Panther’s moves were obviously better than the general fighting techniques that Xia ruofei had learned in the Army.

Hence, when Xia ruofei was fighting against Heibao, he was in a dangerous situation. Of course, he still managed to defeat Heibao in the end.

Xia ruofei suddenly recalled Heibao’s last words before he died, saying that his master would avenge him.

How powerful would Black Panther’s master be?

Xia ruofei was suddenly interested. He was not afraid or fearful. Instead, he was filled with fighting spirit.

Xia ruofei had a feeling that Heibao’s master was the same as him, someone who had great personal strength.

By now, the effects of the drug had decreased by a lot, but it was still very violent. Hence, Xia ruofei’s thoughts disappeared in a flash. He did not have time to feel emotional and quickly began to practice the third set of movements.

Xia ruofei had already experienced these strange movements. After failing three times, he was able to make the correct posture.

The pain he felt while cultivating came again, and at the same time, the speed at which the medicinal properties in his body were being consumed increased greatly.

Feeling the familiar pain, Xia ruofei’s expression relaxed because the violent medicinal effect had been completely cleared. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

After a few minutes, the last bit of the medicine was absorbed by Xia ruofei’s body.

After the effects of the drug disappeared, Xia ruofei only managed to hold on for a few seconds before he could no longer maintain the third set of practice posture. With a muffled groan, he fell to the ground.

However, he quickly got up and moved his hands and feet. He could feel the surging power in his body after he had broken through the second set of movements.

The stench started to spread. Xia ruofei did not even need to check to know that the breakthrough had forced out a lot of impurities in his body.

Naturally, he could not brew the gestation soup with his body covered in dirt and impurities.

Hence, Xia ruofei temporarily left the spirit map space and rushed into the bathroom to take a thorough shower three to four times. When the last trace of dirt had been washed away, he changed into clean and comfortable clothes and re – entered the spirit map space.

Xia ruofei, who had achieved a breakthrough in his physical strength, was full of energy. He immediately started to brew the pregnancy soup with ease.

After a while, Xia ruofei arrived at the stone room in the new space with the soup in his hand.

He raised his head and drank all of the soup. Then, he jumped onto the stone bed and sat cross – legged on the Jade futon.

The medicine of the pregnancy soup was very gentle. A faint warm current slowly gathered. Xia ruofei felt as if he was bathing in a hot spring. His whole body felt lazy.

He had just experienced the pain of purgatory, and now he was enjoying the extreme pleasure on the spiritual level. Xia ruofei felt that the pleasure seemed to have multiplied. He even let out a comfortable sigh.

The medicinal properties of the soup were slowly and silently absorbed by Xia ruofei, and not a single drop was left in his sea of consciousness.

He sat on the Jade futon for a while to adjust his state to its peak. Then, he waved his hand and the booklet on the stone platform flew into Xia ruofei’s hands.

He turned to the fourth page with practiced movements.

This was Xia ruofei’s nth time trying to unlock the fourth page.

He focused his mind, and his mental force began to continuously enter the page. The Golden stripes on it slowly began to move, assemble, and disappose......And finally formed a series of golden words.

One minute, two minutes ...

As time passed, Xia ruofei’s body started to tremble.

In the end, he heaved a long sigh and withdrew what little spiritual energy he had left.

The Golden words on the page also quickly disintegrated, and in a very short time, they turned back into disorderly golden stripes.

He had failed.

However, Xia ruofei was not disappointed. It was not only because he had successfully broken through the second set of the little golden man’s demonstration. More importantly, he was infinitely close to unlocking the fourth page.

He knew very well that he only needed to consume the soup one more time, at most two more times, and he would be able to solve the contents of the fourth page.

By that time, the method of making the spiritual puppet that had whetted Xia ruofei’s appetite would be completely open to him.

He put the booklet back in its original place and drank a cup of the spirit Heart Flower petal solution that he had prepared earlier. Then, he sat on the Jade futon to recover his spiritual power.

Xia ruofei waited until his body and mind were at their best before he left the spirit map space.

After returning to his room, Xia ruofei kept the spirit painting in his palm and took out his phone. He was going to call Ling Xiaotian to tell him about the red Arowana.

Just as Xia ruofei was about to make the call, his phone rang.

Xia ruofei looked at the caller ID and could not help but laugh out loud. The call was from Ling Xiaotian.

It seems that I have a tacit understanding with my future father – in – Law! Xia ruofei muttered to himself.

Xia ruofei didn’t dare to dawdle. He immediately pressed the answer button and greeted her with a smile.”Uncle Ling, how are you?”