Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 583: The king of fish (3)

The constant – Temperature water tank slowly landed on the soft grass next to the spatial spirit pond, and it didn’t even shake.

Then, Xia ruofei used his mind to control a porcelain bottle to float above the constant – Temperature water tank. The porcelain bottle tilted slightly, and a clear stream poured from the mouth of the bottle into the feeding port of the water tank, dripping into it.

It was a bottle of highly concentrated spirit Heart Flower petal solution.

Xia ruofei had been paying attention to the situation in the spirit map space. When the petal solution dripped into the water, the two stingrays were clearly invigorated and their swimming movements became more vigorous. They quickly swam to the area where the petal solution had dripped and opened their mouths to greedily suck in the water.

Xia ruofei immediately calmed down. The water tank would not shake at all in the space. Besides, there were no other animals in the original space other than the fish in the pond. The rays would not be disturbed. Furthermore, the spirit Heart Flower petal solution was very popular with the rays. Xia ruofei was even more confident.

Not having to worry about the vibration affecting the rays, Xia ruofei sped up immediately after he drove out of the villa district and headed towards Taoyuan farm outside the city. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

After returning to the farm villa, Xia ruofei went straight to his room.

He locked the door, closed the curtains, and then impatiently summoned the spirit map scroll from his palm. With a thought, he flashed into the spirit map space.

The heated water tank was placed quietly by the pool. Xia ruofei walked over quietly. Through the glass, he could see that the two Stingray seemed to be more energetic than before and they were swimming faster.

Xia ruofei didn’t open the water tank immediately. Instead, he went to the small fish pond.

There were two fish ponds in the new space, one big and one small. The big fish pond had been cleared for the red Arowana to live in, and there were about seventy of them.

There were only a few ordinary edible fish in the small fish pond, which were left behind by Xia ruofei after he had cleaned the big fish pond. He had wanted to let them breed freely so that he could eat fish whenever he wanted.

However, since he had this pair of pomfrets, the ordinary food fish in the small fish pond would naturally have to make room.

......

Xia ruofei’s mind covered the top of the fish pond. Soon, the invisible force of space wrapped the grass carps and chubs up into the air and all fell into an empty plastic box next to it. The fish bounced happily, reminding people of the fishermen’s bumper harvest.

Xia ruofei closed the plastic box, and with a thought, the plastic box floated far away. He did not want the struggling fish to disturb the pair of baby stingers.

Xia ruofei focused on the fish pond and checked it carefully. Not a single fish had escaped the net. All the edible fish had been caught.

However, Xia ruofei was not in a hurry to transfer the rays into the small fish pond. He had just thrown in the petal solution of the spirit Heart Flower and wanted to let them absorb as much as possible.

Hence, Xia ruofei picked up the bait that Ling Xiaotian had asked someone to prepare from the side of the thermos and threw it into the thermos. Then, he left the spirit map space in a flash.

The night passed by quickly.

Xia ruofei had woken up at six in the morning. He didn’t have time to wash up and entered the spirit map space.

According to the difference in the flow of time, the rays had already lived in the spirit map space for about ten days. The composition of the spirit Heart Flower petal solution in the constant – Temperature water tank should have been completely absorbed.

As Xia ruofei had put in quite a lot of bait in advance, and the environment in the spirit map space was so unique, he was not worried about any accidents happening to the rays tonight.

As expected, when Xia ruofei arrived at the spatial spirit pond, the Ray fish were swimming happily in the constant – Temperature water tank! He looked much more energetic than he did at Ling Xiaotian’s house last night, no longer sickly.

Xia ruofei checked again and confirmed that the fish pond was cleared of all the bigger fish except for plankton.

Then, Xia ruofei gently opened the lid of the warm water tank and prepared to’ move ‘the Stingray.

The glass surrounding the heated water tank was translucent, so when he opened the lid, it was Xia ruofei’s first time seeing the famous “Kings of fish” in person ...