Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 589: Ling Xiaotian’s moments (1)

The next morning, Xia ruofei arranged for the company’s car to send Mr. Lin and Mrs. Lin to the airport.

After the two parties signed the contract, Feng Jing immediately arranged for someone to follow up. She mainly focused on the packaging design of the Ironhide fengdou and didn’t need to worry about the other aspects of the cooperation.

Two days ago, Feng Rao had asked someone to come up with a preliminary plan. Considering the high price of the iron maple bucket, they decided to divide it into two packages of 500 grams and 1 kilogram. They also prepared several different gift boxes.

The company only needed to come up with a proposal requirement, and the specific design could be outsourced to other design companies.

As for the other procedures, Xia ruofei was personally in charge of the raw materials. He had already made arrangements for the processing of the Dendrobium candidatum, so Feng Jing didn’t need to ask. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Qin Xiaojun and the others had gone to Jiangsu and Zhejiang Province to study. Xia ruofei’s next batch of iron – Skin dendantry would be harvested in less than a month’s time. By then, they would be able to come back and carry out the actual operation.

Of course, master Luo or other experienced Masters would be required to guide them on the spot. He believed that after a few times of experience, Qin Xiaojun and the others would be able to process the materials on their own. After all, there was not much technical content in this process. Most of the experience was passed down through word of mouth. It would only take a little bit of time to understand. The rest was nothing more than practical experience. Once they were familiar with the process, everything would be easy.

As for the delivery, the Ironhide fengdou was priceless. Xia ruofei could not be completely at ease, whether it was through logistics or by truck. After all, the value of the Ironhide fengdou that had to be transported to Jiangsu and Zhejiang Province every month would start at 20 million.

Fortunately, although the value was high, it was only about a hundred kilograms, so Xia ruofei had already made a plan in his heart. He would let Lei Hu and the other Veterans Drive the goods to Jiangsu and Zhejiang Province in turns.

The pickup truck had a sealed rear compartment, so it was easy to fit such a small amount of metal.

When the time came, two to three people would be arranged to escort the transport together, and everyone would take turns to drive on the road. With these experienced and strong veterans, even if they encountered any unexpected situations on the road, even if they encountered car bandits or road tyrants, they should be able to deal with them calmly.

The company’s operations were gradually on the right track. Other than the Chief Executive Officer, the staff was also basically assigned.

Feng Jing had been trying her best to get in touch with the issue of the chief executive. However, paradise corporation’s reputation was currently unknown, and those who were truly capable weren’t willing to take the risk to work at such a small company. As for those who weren’t capable enough, Feng Jing wasn’t willing to make do with them, so the position was temporarily left vacant.

......

Xia ruofei’s attitude was that he preferred quality over quantity and did not insist on immediately recruiting people.

He believed that it wouldn’t be long before the situation reversed. By then, it would be others who wanted to enter the company.

Moreover, Feng Jing was very capable in managing the company. The company’s operations wouldn’t be affected too much if they didn’t have an Executive Director.

They quickly came up with a few plans for the packaging design of the tin fengdou. Xia ruofei personally took Feng Rao and Xiao Qiang to review the effect drawings of the design company and finally chose a design plan with a stronger Chinese style.

This set of packaging design used a light gold base, supplemented by some Dragons and auspicious clouds as the background, making it look like a scroll. After opening it, there were two engraved wooden boxes, each of which could hold 500 grams of iron maple.

Of course, it also came with a separate 500 – gram outer packaging. The pattern and logo were the same as the 1 – kilogram package, but they were one size smaller.

In addition, the package also included several types of gift boxes. All the gift boxes were dark red in design and made of leather, with gold embossed characters and logos, looking very expensive.

Although Xia ruofei didn’t like to be ostentatious or luxurious, he knew that the packaging of the tin Kaede bucket really needed a certain element of luxury. This was determined by the target customer.

Most of the people who could afford such high – Quality iron – Skin maples were nouveau riche. Most of them bought the iron – Skin maples for their own use and gave them away as gifts.

If the gift was too shabby, the nouveau riche wouldn’t even consider it, no matter how good it was.

After coming up with the plan, Feng Jing immediately contacted the factory to start the production.

If it was mass – ordered, the cost of a normal packaging would be around 80 yuan, while the cost of a leather gift box would be around 300 yuan. Of course, compared to the selling price of 180000 Yuan per kilogram, the cost of the packaging was almost negligible. Just the profit Feng Jing had won from the negotiation alone had reached 30000 Yuan per kilogram.

Moreover, everyone agreed that this money was necessary to spend. It would be beneficial for the company’s brand promotion.

After the deposit was paid, the factory immediately began to model and put it into production. Soon, the packaging would be transported to Taoyuan farm.

Under manager Li’s personal supervision, the production site of the iron Kaede bucket was also working overtime. Soon, a row of bungalows was built. In addition to the production room and the drying field, a small warehouse was reserved mainly for storing the finished products.

Xia ruofei did not plan to pack them in Sanshan city. He had already reached an agreement with CEO Lin. When the time came, the outer packaging of the unified production would be directly transported to Qiantang through the logistics channel. This way, the tin maple that they made each time could be packed in a big bag and transported to Qiantang directly by pickup truck.