Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 600: Inviting the tea King out of the mountain (1)

Xia ruofei did not know the criteria for picking tea leaves to make Da Hong Pao. Fortunately, the internet was very advanced now, and picking tea leaves was not a highly technical job. Hence, after Xia ruofei made up his mind, he left the realm and searched for relevant information on the internet.

According to the information on the internet, the standard for picking fresh leaves of Da Hong Pao was for the growth and maturity of the new shoot (three or four leaves on the surface), no leaves, no water, no damage, fresh, and uniform. The fresh leaves should not be too tender, or the tea would have a low fragrance and a bitter taste. It also couldn’t be too old, because if it was too old, the taste would be light and the fragrance would be poor. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

It was not very intuitive to just look at the text, so Xia ruofei simply searched for videos. There were many videos of picking the fresh leaves of Da Hong Pao. Some were posted by tea farmers on their online stores, and some were promotional videos by the local government.

Xia ruofei had always been very smart. Now that his spiritual power cultivation had skyrocketed, his learning ability had naturally improved by a large margin. Thus, after watching a few videos in a row, he had learned almost the same thing.

After returning to the origin space, Xia ruofei first used the “third generation” Da Hong Pao tea trees to practice. Although these tea trees were not old enough and their fresh leaves were not good enough to be used for tea making, it was not a problem to use them for practice.

Picking tea leaves was not a difficult task. Xia ruofei got the hang of it after practicing for a while.

After that, he began to harvest the fresh leaves from the 12 tea trees that had been cut by the branches of the mother tree, Da Hong Pao.

Although the process of picking tea leaves was boring, Xia ruofei enjoyed it.

The spirit Qi in the space was rich, and the tea forest was filled with a faint fragrance of fresh leaves. The leaves were a little wet, but it was not dew. It was the misty spirit Qi that had been growing in the space.

After picking a handful of fresh leaves, he brought them to his nose and took a deep breath. That feeling was really refreshing, as if his entire body’s bones had become a few taels lighter.

Xia ruofei’s physique was far better than ordinary people. He did not feel tired at all.

Today, he had only picked 12 second – generation Da Hong Pao. Even though Xia ruofei was not very skilled, he had still successfully completed his task after a few hours.

This speed was naturally much slower than that of a skilled tea – picking worker.

......

Xia ruofei looked at the plastic box filled with fresh leaves and felt a sense of achievement.

He took it to the electronic scale and weighed it. Xia ruofei had picked about six to seven catties of fresh leaves.

He wondered how many Da Hong Pao tea leaves could be made from these fresh leaves. Xia ruofei muttered in his heart.

Of course, the quantity was secondary. Xia ruofei was more concerned about the quality of the Da Hong Pao.

After he left the interspace, he simply went to the bathroom to wash up and then picked up his phone to call Lei Hu.

After ye Lingyun and Li Zhifu returned to Mount Wuyi, the farm would send a veteran to deliver the Chinese medicine that Xia ruofei had concocted to Mount Wuyi every few days. Lei Hu had always been in charge of this.

After asking, Xia ruofei found out that the medicine would be delivered tomorrow. Lei Hu was preparing to report to Xia ruofei in the afternoon and ask him to prepare the Chinese medicine!

Hence, Xia ruofei told Lei Hu directly that he would personally deliver the medicine to Wuyi Mountain and asked him not to arrange for anyone else.

Xia ruofei was considering asking li Zhifu to help make such good tea leaves. If he let an ordinary tea maker make it, it would be a waste if he made a mistake.

Besides, ye Lingyun had been away for a long time. Xia ruofei was more concerned about his progress, so he wanted to see for himself.

Besides, when Xia ruofei accompanied elder song to Mount Wuyi, they went to pay their respects to his comrade, Yan Xiaodong’s grave. At that time, Yan Xiaodong’s grave was overgrown with weeds. Xia ruofei promised elder song that he would arrange for people to repair it as soon as possible.

Since ye Lingyun had gone to study at Wuyi Mountain, Xia ruofei had given him some funds and assigned him this task.

Although ye Lingyun had reported to him on the phone that Yan Xiaodong’s grave had been repaired, Xia ruofei still wanted to go to the scene to take a look.

He was even thinking of taking some photos to pass to elder song. Only then would he be able to complete the task given by the old general!

Hence, the next morning, Xia ruofei bade Feng Jing and pang Hao farewell and left the farm in his Knight XV off – Road vehicle. He took the highway and headed north, heading straight for Wuyi Mountain.

Three hours later, Xia ruofei arrived at yangdun town in Wuyishan City. Li Zhifu’s daughter and son – in – Law had opened an electrical repair shop in the town. It was here where elder song and Li Zhifu had reunited.

It was almost noon, but there were still many people on the streets. Many children were playing on the side of the street.

At the sight of such a fierce and domineering off – Road vehicle, many townspeople and children threw curious looks at Knight XV. Some braver children were even chasing after the vehicle.

Xia ruofei had already been here once, so he did not need to ask for directions. He drove straight to the electrical appliance repair shop.

Li Zhifu’s son – in – Law, Niu Yusheng, was sitting in front of the messy operation desk, tinkering with a broken TV. After the Knight XV stopped at the entrance of the shop, the huge car directly blocked the entrance, and the light in the shop suddenly dimmed a lot.

Niu Yusheng furrowed his brows and raised his head.

At this moment, Xia ruofei had also jumped off the car and walked into the shop. Niu Yusheng took off his reading glasses and rubbed his eyes. He cried out in surprise,””Are you Mr. Xia?”