Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 608: Chapter 450 – surpassing others (1)

Li Zhifu’s eyes revealed a trace of reminiscence, and a faint smile appeared on his weathered face. He said,”The last time I tasted the mother tree’s Da Hong Pao should have been twenty years ago. I can’t forget that taste even today ... Little Xia, the 500 grams of Da Hong Pao we made today does not lose to the mother tree’s Da Hong Pao in terms of tea, fragrance, or taste. Moreover, I feel that it has a more natural charm than the mother tree’s Da Hong Pao! What Gen er said just now was right, this is indeed a top quality tea!”

Li Zhifu’s evaluation was so high that even ye linyun and yang Shengmu were shocked.

For a long time, the Da Hong Pao had always been the most respected in rock tea, and among the Da Hong Pao, the one at the top of the pyramid was undoubtedly the mother tree, Da Hong Pao. It was like a god, but also like a monument, and absolutely needed people to look up to it.

In the early years, the mother tree, Da Hong Pao, had been dedicated to the country’s leaders and leaders. It was also given as a national gift to important foreign guests. After 2006, in order to protect the mother tree, the harvesting of those trees had stopped. The fragrant mother tree, Da Hong Pao, had become a lost cause.

In the 2005 auction, 20 grams of the parent tree Da Hong Pao was sold for 208000 Yuan, which was equivalent to 5.2 million Yuan per 500 grams.

The price of the mother tree, Da Hong Pao, was no longer just a display of the quality of the tea leaves. Historical legends, the origin of tea culture, and even intentional hype had all combined to create such a staggering sky – High price.

But even so, li Zhifu’s evaluation was quite high.

Yang Shenshen looked at the tea in the purple sand teapot and then at the sealed tea can next to it. He was overwhelmed with emotions. There were millions of tea leaves in it! I actually participated in the entire production process?

On the other hand, Xia ruofei was very calm. He was confident in li Zhifu’s craftsmanship and even more so in the tea leaves he had provided. He had a good idea of the quality of the final product. It seemed that the final result did not disappoint him.

“Old Mr. Li, thank you for your hard work!” Xia ruofei smiled and said,”let’s continue drinking tea! I heard that after soaking Da Hong Pao for five or six times, the fragrance still doesn’t dissipate!”

Ye Lingyun and yang shenggen also looked at li Zhifu with eager eyes.

Li Zhifu smiled and continued to brew the tea. His movements were as smooth as floating clouds and flowing water. It was especially harmonious and comfortable to watch.

In the room filled with the fragrance of tea, everyone’s mood seemed to have calmed down. No one spoke, quietly savoring the charm of the top – grade Da Hong Pao.

......

The tea leaves were brewed six times before everyone stood up, still wanting more.

Xia ruofei smiled and said to the Poplar tree root,””Boss yang, I’ve caused you trouble this time ...”

“Boss Xia, you’re too polite!” Yang sengen quickly replied. It’s my fortune to be able to observe and learn from master. It’s not troublesome at all! Besides ... If it wasn’t for boss Xia, I wouldn’t have had the chance to taste such top – grade tea leaves. ”

Xia ruofei laughed and his eyes fell on the sealed tea can on the coffee table.

He thought for a moment, opened the can of tea leaves, and then picked up an empty iron box on the coffee table. He grabbed a handful of tea leaves from the can and put them into the iron box.

This one was about ten to twenty grams, which was only enough for two or three baths.

Yang Shugen still didn’t understand Xia ruofei’s intention, but Xia ruofei had already stuffed the iron box into yang Shugen’s hands. He smiled and said,””Boss yang, this is just a small gift. Don’t think it’s too little ...”

Only then did yang tree root understand. He retracted his hand as if he had been electrocuted and waved his hand repeatedly.”I can not! No! Boss Xia, your tea leaves are too expensive. I can’t accept it!”

According to the auction price of the mother tree, Da Hong Pao, ten to twenty grams of tea leaves would cost at least one to two hundred thousand Yuan. How much was a small tea factory like the Poplar tree root worth? This gift was indeed too precious for him.

Xia ruofei chuckled as he stuffed the metal box into the hands of the Poplar tree and said,”Why can’t I accept it? My tea leaves were made in your tea factory. As the owner of the tea factory, what’s wrong with you keeping a few cups for yourself? It’s just that the tea leaves this time are indeed a little too little, so I can’t give you more. If you think I’m stingy, then that’s fine. ”

The Poplar tree root continued to decline.

At this time, li Zhifu said,”Gen ‘er, since Xiao Xia is giving it to you, you can just accept it. Xiao Xia is doing big business. He can afford to give you a few cups of tea!”

Since his master had spoken, Yang Shu took the iron box containing the top – grade Da Hong Pao and held it tightly in his hand. He said,””Boss Xia, thank you!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Xia ruofei smiled and said,”I should be the one thanking you!” You’ve provided us with such a good venue. ”

“Master’s business is my business!”Yang tree root said with a simple and honest smile.

Li Zhifu’s eyes were filled with warmth as he said,””Gen er, I’m going to the provincial capital in a few days. When I’m back, if you’re willing, you can learn tea making with Ling Yun!”

Yang Shugen was stunned for a moment, and then he revealed an ecstatic expression. He knelt down with a plop and kowtowed as he said,””I’m willing! I’m willing! Thank you, master ...”

Xia ruofei’s eyes revealed a trace of a smile. This yangshu root looked very simple and honest, but he was very clever. He immediately realized that yangshu root had the intention of taking him in as a disciple and quickly knelt down and kowtowed.