Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 611: Special cigarettes (1)

“Oh?” Elder song raised his eyebrows with interest.

“Old Mr. Li made it himself,” Xia ruofei added.

“Oh, really? Brother Fu, you’re still making tea at your age, can your body take it?” Elder song asked with concern.

“It’s because the tea leaves prepared by little Xia are of good quality,”said li Zhifu.” My hands are a little itchy. ” Little song, this tea is pretty good. At least it’s not worse than the tea you provide every year!”

“Oh, really? Then I’ll really have to try it!” Elder song’s interest was immediately piqued. He smiled and said,”Xiao Xia, thank you. You’re so thoughtful ...”

Xia ruofei smiled.”It’s just a few tea leaves. You’re welcome, chief.”

“Chief, I’ve brought her here safely. I’ll take my leave now!” Xia ruofei stood up and said.

It was already late at night, so elder song did not want to stay any longer. He stood up and personally walked Xia ruofei to the door of the guest room.

At first, elder song wanted to send him downstairs, but Xia ruofei said he didn’t deserve it and asked elder song to stay.

Elder song stood at the door of the guest room and thought for a while, then called Xia ruofei to stop.

Then, he called manager Lu over and whispered a few words to him. Manager Lu immediately nodded and left.

Manager Lu returned with a black plastic bag.

Elder song took the plastic bag and passed it to Xia ruofei. He smiled and said,”Xiao Xia, I remember that you smoke. Take these two packs of cigarettes and smoke them ...”

......

“Is this ... Appropriate?” Xia ruofei smiled.

“What’s inappropriate about that? You gave me tea, I gave you cigarettes, courtesy demands reciprocity!” Elder song said with a smile.

“Then ...” Xia ruofei said,”I’ll take it!” Thank you, chief!”

“Drive slowly on the road. If you’re free, come over and play chess with me!” Elder song said with a kind smile.

“Alright!”

At this time, ye linyun hesitated for a moment and said to li Zhifu,”Master, I ... I haven’t been back to the farm in a long time. I want to go back with brother Xia.”

“Go!” Li Zhifu nodded and said. I’ll be staying with little song, so you don’t have to worry. ”

“Thank you, master!” Ye linyun was overjoyed.

He did miss his brothers at the farm. He had long known that the company’s security Department had recruited a new group of security guards, all of whom were brothers from the old army, so he was eager to return home.

Xia ruofei and ye Lingyun bade farewell to Master Song and Li Zhifu. Manager Lu personally sent them off and watched them drive away.

When manager lü returned to the reception room, elder song had already opened a box of tea leaves that Xia ruofei had given him. Li Zhifu was scooping the tea leaves with a teaspoon.

“Xiao Lu, come, come, let’s try the tea that Xiao Xia brought!” Elder song said with a smile.

Manager Lu had been working for Master Song for many years. He was like a family member. Master song’s children had been working in various places. Manager Lu had been working for Master Song all year round, so they were closer.

“Thank you, chief!” Manager Lu said with a smile.

Manager Lu sat on the sofa at the side. He didn’t make tea. Although he usually did all the work himself, he knew his place. In terms of tea – making, he was eight streets behind li Zhifu!

Li Zhifu’s action of making tea was skillful and didn’t seem to have a trace of anger.

Soon, the room was filled with the fragrance of tea. Elder song and manager Lu couldn’t help but take a deep breath.

What kind of good tea had elder song not tasted before?

Even the mother tree, Da Hong Pao, was given to elder song by two taels each year.

However, even though elder song had been drinking tea for many years, this was the first time he had smelled such an intoxicating tea fragrance.

He washed the tea, brewed the tea, smelled the fragrance ...

Soon, the first pot of tea was poured into the tea cup. Li Zhifu smiled and said,””Song, try it?”

“Try it!” Elder song said with a smile.

The three of them raised their tea cups and took a light sip. Then, they closed their eyes and slowly savored the aftertaste. The clear and distant fragrance of the tea instantly surrounded their mouths and teeth, and the natural charm of the tea was even more lingering.

After a long time, elder song sighed and said,”good tea!” It’s really good tea!”

Manager Lu couldn’t help but praise,”chief, this tea is amazing!” Old Mr. Li is old but strong, and his skills haven’t deteriorated at all!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Li Zhifu smiled.”My craftsmanship only takes up 30%. The remaining 70% is all from the tea leaves that little Xia gave me.”

Elder song and manager Lu were both surprised.

Elder song knew that li Zhifu would never exaggerate. The fact that he gave such a high evaluation meant that Xia ruofei’s tea leaves were indeed worthy of this evaluation.

Manager Lu smiled bitterly after a long while,”Xiao Xia is really ... Amazing!” Ever since I’ve known him, I’ve seen him create miracles countless times. It’s as if there’s nothing he can’t do ...”

Elder song laughed and said,”Xiao Xia isn’t an ordinary person, Xiao Lu!” If you don’t believe me, we can wait and see. He’ll definitely use miracles to refresh our perception. ”

Manager Lu nodded in agreement. He didn’t agree with elder song, but he agreed with this point from the bottom of his heart.

“This little Xia!” Elder song sighed again. “Can you give me some tea leaves all of a sudden? if it’s all this kind of top – grade tea, what will the other tea leaves taste like in the future?” What’s more infuriating is that this kid actually gave me two taels! Isn’t this too stingy?”