Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 64: Spatial fish pond (1)

The next day, Xia ruofei woke up early and had a simple breakfast. After waiting for the people from the West River Moon Club to transport the Taoyuan brand vegetables, he returned to his bedroom, took out the spirit map scroll, and entered the medium. After two evolutions, the spirit map space had expanded by four times and was much more spacious. Xia ruofei could now use the space to do more things. He first checked the nameless plant. After picking five petals yesterday, there were still no new ones today. It seemed that the growth cycle of the petals had not shortened. However, today was only the second day. It turned out that new ones would grow every three days, so he would have to continue observing tomorrow and the day after. Then, Xia ruofei looked at the succulent mother plant. Due to the acceleration of time, the overall environment had become much better after the evolution of the realm. The succulent mother plants were growing well, especially the ones he had bought online. They had completely recovered and were even larger than before. They could be cut again at any time. The succulent plant that Xia ruofei had chosen to be the mother plant had basically grown to the size of an adult plant. It would not have any problems with cutting. Xia ruofei took out the flower petal solution that he had concocted last time and watered each of the succulent mother plants. Then, he went to the vegetable field. In the innermost circle of the space, which was the space where Xia ruofei had first obtained the spirit map scroll, there was a neat row of vegetable fields. Further out was a large ring – shaped empty space. This was the space that had been expanded after two evolutions. “Looks like I’ll have to plant more things. Otherwise, it’ll be a waste of land.” Xia ruofei muttered to himself. Xia ruofei paid special attention to the cabbage that had been soaked in the petal solution. He realized that their growth was much better than other vegetables. They could be harvested in just two days. From the outside, they looked more lively than the ordinary vegetables in the space and looked very attractive. Xia ruofei decided to just pick the ripe cabbages. However, Xia ruofei did not use the petal solution again. The production of the flower petals was limited and the planting cycle in the interspace was so short. If he used it every time, it would consume a lot of energy. The petal solution was mainly used for large – scale planting in the outside world, so that the quality of the vegetables planted in the outside world would not be lower than that of ordinary vegetables in the space. After finishing the vegetable field, Xia ruofei finally came to the small pond. This was a new item that had appeared after the second evolution. Although it was called a small pond, it was actually twice as big as the spirit pool that Xia ruofei had when he first obtained the spirit map space. However, there seemed to be a spring at the bottom of the spirit pool. Every time Xia ruofei entered the spatial spirit pool, the water would be replenished after a certain period of time. Hence, the water level in the spiritual pool would remain the same. The water in the pond was obviously drawn from the spirit pool, which meant that the water in the pond did not have any regenerative function. Xia ruofei walked around the two – meter wide pond and made a decision.”Expand the area of the pond. He had been thinking about raising some fish and shrimp in the space the day before, but the pond was a little small. If he were to use it to raise fish, the capacity wouldn’t be large. Besides, Xia ruofei also wanted to test the regeneration speed of the spirit pool water after it was drawn into the pond. He went back to the spirit pond, took a hoe and a shovel, and went to the pond. In this space, Xia ruofei had to rely on himself for everything and he was already used to it. Moreover, he was now absorbing a petal every three days. His physical fitness had been greatly enhanced, and doing some physical work was nothing difficult. Xia ruofei started to get busy. He didn’t expand the pond immediately. Instead, he started to dig from the ground beside the pond. He first used a hoe to dig and then used a shovel to shovel the soil to the side. The soil in the interspace was relatively soft, so it was quite easy for Xia ruofei to sit on it. After a few hours of hard work, Xia ruofei had dug a round pit with a diameter of five meters and a depth of two meters beside the pond. The pit was only a dozen centimeters away from the pond and the ground was slightly lower than the pond. Xia ruofei wiped the sweat from his forehead and walked over to dig a hole in the pond. The water in the pond immediately flowed into the hole. At the same time, the water in the spatial spirit pond at a higher altitude started to flow towards them. After waiting for an hour, the pit that Xia ruofei had dug was filled with the spiritual pond water. However, it was only about half a meter deep. It was connected to the naturally formed pond and looked like a huge peanut lying on the ground. The water level of the spatial spirit pond had dropped by more than a meter. If it wasn’t for the fact that its water level was lower than the exit, the water would have continued to flow into the pond. However, Xia ruofei also saw that the water in the spatial spirit pond was slowly recovering. It seemed like there was a spring at the bottom of the pond. As the water level in the spirit pool recovered, the water level of the spirit pool and the pond would eventually be equal. Xia ruofei was planning to open up a fish pond in the realm. Of course, he didn’t need to do it on a large scale in the early stage. After he excavated the pond, it should be enough. Of course, Xia ruofei did not stay in the origin space and wait for the pond to store water. He immediately left the spirit map space. After returning to his bedroom, Xia ruofei first turned on his computer to check the Taobao platform. He realized that the customers had all received the goods that he had sent out last time. The reviews of the products were all positive, and many people asked when the new products would be available. Xia ruofei opened his order for the flower pot and checked the delivery. He realized that the package had already arrived in Sanshan city and should be received by tomorrow at the latest. Now that the space had evolved twice, the flow of time was twenty times faster than the outside world. With the help of the petal solution, the cutting would be ready for sale in three or four days. So he hung a notice in the shop’s eye – catching position, telling everyone that the new goods would be on the shelf on time at eighto’ clock in the morning five days later, and everyone was Welcome to buy at that time. After withdrawing all the money that the customers had received from Taobao into Alipay, Xia ruofei got up and went downstairs to the villa’s backyard to check on the progress of the cabbage seedlings. After gently removing the plastic sheet covering the nursery, Xia ruofei was pleasantly surprised to find that 90% of the seeds had already sprouted. This speed was several times faster than the data he had obtained from the research. At this rate, the seedlings could be planted in three to five days. This discovery gave Xia ruofei more confidence in the petal solution. He carefully covered the plastic sheet again, then took out his phone to look at the time. He found that it was only nineo’ clock in the morning. Although he had been busy in the space for a few hours, only a short time had passed in the outside world when time was 20 times faster. Xia ruofei thought for a while and decided to drive to Changping County. First, he was going to buy a batch of fish to raise in the space fish pond. Second, now that the space had expanded so much, he also wanted to go to the market to see if he could plant something with higher economic value. Xia ruofei took his wallet, walked out of the villa, and drove straight to Changping County.Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))