Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 631: Heart – nourishing soup (1)

Xia ruofei picked out the herbs he needed from the rack and started to brew the pregnancy soup.

After more than an hour, a bowl of medicinal soup with a faint medicinal fragrance was boiled.

Xia ruofei held the bowl of medicine. With a thought, he disappeared from the original space and appeared in the stone room in the new space.

Xia ruofei sat cross – legged on the Jade futon and drank the soup in big gulps.

A familiar warm current began to surge from his lower abdomen.

Xia ruofei hurriedly guided the medicinal effects of the soup upwards and entered his sea of consciousness to absorb them slowly.

After a long time, Xia ruofei, who was sitting on the Jade futon, slowly opened his eyes. There was a bright light in his eyes, and it was as if his entire temperament had changed.

His eyes were like two sharp swords, as if they could pierce through people’s hearts.

This was a sign that one’s spiritual power had reached a certain level.

If it was in real life, Xia ruofei would not restrain his spiritual power. Just by looking at someone with such concentration, that person would probably break out in cold sweat.

There was a common saying,”if looks could kill, you would have died 10000 times.”

In fact, the eyes of people with strong mental power could really be used as a weapon. It was actually a kind of mental power Pressure and attack.

At this stage, Xia ruofei could not kill people with his eyes, but he could still make people have nightmares.

......

Xia ruofei carefully felt the changes in himself.

In the spirit map space, the change in his spiritual power had another direct reflection. His connection with the entire space would become closer, and he would be more sensitive to every blade of grass and tree in the space.

Xia ruofei took a moment to taste it and felt the improvement in his spiritual power.

He grinned in satisfaction, and then waved his hand. The booklet fluttered towards him and directly fell into his hand.

In the spirit map space, Xia ruofei was able to complete this action with ease. He could also control a small and light object like the booklet with great precision.

He flipped to the fourth page of the booklet.

Xia ruofei’s spiritual power kept pouring in. A familiar scene appeared. The Golden stripes started to move, break down, and combine ...

Xia ruofei felt that there was a chance.

When one’s mental power was not strong enough, the Golden stripes would start very slowly, just like a low – powered engine driving a heavy truck.

This time, it was obviously faster than the previous times.

Xia ruofei focused all his attention and poured his spiritual power into the pages of the booklet.

The speed at which the Golden stripes broke down and combined was getting faster and faster. Lines of text and illustrations appeared at random in different positions on the page.

As time passed, there were more and more words and pictures on the booklet.

Finally, the golden light on the page flashed slightly, and all the words trembled slightly, completely fixed on the page.

Xia ruofei heaved a sigh of relief and slowly retracted his remaining spiritual power.

He felt that he might not be able to hold on for much longer before his spiritual power was about to be exhausted.

Fortunately, no matter what, he had successfully unlocked the fourth page.

Xia ruofei picked up the solution of the spirit Heart Flower petals that he had prepared in advance and gulped it down. He sat on the Jade futon to slowly recover his spiritual power while impatiently picking up the booklet and looking at the contents on the latest page.

After a quick scan, Xia ruofei was dumbfounded.

It wasn’t that the contents of the spiritual puppet were incomplete. On the contrary, everything about the spiritual puppet had been recorded. In the second half of the page, there was a small prescription.

However, Xia ruofei was not in the mood to study the prescription for the time being. His attention was focused on the last part of the production of the spiritual puppet.

In this part, the focus was on the last picture.

The previous content had involved the production of all kinds of parts, big and small. The last picture was the combination of all the parts, which was equivalent to an Assembly Diagram.

There was nothing wrong with this.

The problem was, no matter how Xia ruofei looked at it, this picture did not look like the “soul puppet” he had imagined! 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

A spiritual puppet, as its name suggested, was a type of puppet.

Other things aside, it should at least be in human form, right? This should be the most basic, right?

However, the picture showed that the final assembly effect was an octagonal flat object that looked like a big plate.

There was no way he could link this to the spiritual puppet!

It was no wonder that Xia ruofei had studied the previously unlocked parts and felt that those parts did not look like they were meant to be made into a puppet. They were all simple strips or discs with specific patterns engraved on them. There were no arms, fingers, thighs, calves, or anything like that, let alone a head.

Looking at the final image, it looked quite similar to the eight trigrams, but it was obviously much more complicated. All the big and small Parts had specific positions and combinations.

Could this be a transformer? Bumblebee? Xia ruofei suddenly had a strange thought.

Then, he immediately imagined an image: With a chant of an incantation, the big plate immediately disassembled and combined, turning into a majestic robot.