Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 632: Heart – nourishing soup (2)

This was a beautiful scene ...

Just as Xia ruofei was feeling a little confused, he noticed a line of small words at the end: Place this array disc in front of the primordial stone stele and you can get the spiritual spiral.

Xia ruofei was speechless.

It turned out that those materials, including the core runes engraved on the White jade slip, were all meant to form a formation disk and not to be directly used to make a spiritual puppet!

Also, what the hell was a primordial chaos stele?

What’s more, this line of words was very small, several times smaller than the normal font on the page. If you didn’t look closely, you might have missed it.

This made Xia ruofei think of those real estate flyers or other almost negligible, weird restrictions. L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

Xia ruofei pondered for a moment and determined that the primordial stone tablet mentioned in the book should be the wordless stone tablet outside the cave.

The stone tablet looked ordinary, but Xia ruofei knew that it was not. The nine sets of movements that the little golden man had demonstrated came from this stone tablet. Xia ruofei had benefited greatly from these nine sets of movements. Although he was only at the third set, his body had already been strengthened to a rather powerful degree.

Without a doubt, these nine sets of movements were extremely precious body – tempering techniques.

Besides, there was only one stone tablet in the entire spirit map space. Hence, Xia ruofei was certain that the primordial chaos stone tablet mentioned in the book was most likely the wordless stone tablet.

However, regardless of whether it was true or not, he had to first create this octagonal formation plate.

Xia ruofei had collected a lot of materials through online shopping. However, the newly unlocked fourth page also touched on the last three or four materials. Although they were relatively common ores and metals, it would take some time to collect them all.

......

In addition, if he wanted to forge the components of the array disc according to the requirements of the booklet, he would definitely need some small mechanical processing equipment.

Some metals had high melting points. Without modern technology, it would be difficult for Xia ruofei to process those materials into parts of an array disc.

Xia ruofei read through the method of making the spirit Jade formation disk from beginning to end. He roughly estimated the required machinery and equipment, including cutting, high – Temperature forging, polishing, and so on.

Then, he left the spirit map space with a thought. He sat in front of the computer in his bedroom and opened a web browser to search online.

Xia ruofei had a lot of cash now. Even if he used up more than half of it to buy jade in two days, he still had enough money. He did everything according to his own needs. He also considered the need for miniaturization and searched for the necessary mechanical processing equipment online.

They all picked big brands to buy.

Soon, Xia ruofei picked out five or six pieces of equipment with different functions. Although they were all small – scale products, they were not cheap because of the principle of quality first. The order amount reached three to four hundred thousand Yuan.

Xia ruofei paid the deposit through the online trading platform and left the address of the warehouse in the city.

For such a large transaction, the other party would deliver the goods to the door, and the final payment would be settled in person.

Xia ruofei also ordered a few of the materials mentioned in the newly unlocked content online. The delivery address was also in the warehouse in the city.

After ordering the machines, equipment, and minerals, Xia ruofei suddenly thought of something. On the fourth page of the booklet, besides the last part on making the spiritual spirals array disc, there seemed to be a prescription. He did not pay attention to the specific content.

Hence, Xia ruofei entered the spirit map space again.

He directly appeared in the stone room, picked up the booklet, and turned to the fourth page.

On the first line of the prescription, there were three big golden words,”sweet and sour Heart nourishing soup.”

Xia ruofei quickly read through it. This prescription required fewer herbs than the body tempering soup and the spirit nourishment soup. The brewing method was also relatively simple. Put the herbs and water in the correct ratio into the clay pot and control the heat according to the prescription. It was not as complicated as the body tempering soup and the spirit nourishment soup.

According to the prescription, the main function of the heart – nourishing soup was to strengthen the spleen and Qi, nourish the heart and improve intelligence, warm the kidney and nourish the brain, nourish the liver and the kidney, dispel phlegm and open apertures, dispel blood stasis and meridians, etc. It could effectively improve the mind and brain power of the user, and had the effect of enlightening the mind and opening the mind.

Xia ruofei did not understand why the prescription was recorded in the booklet.

According to his previous experience, both the body tempering soup and the spirit nurturing soup had an obvious strengthening effect on the physical fitness and spiritual power of the consumer.

Could it be that this heart – nourishing soup was to make the person who obtained the spirit map space smarter? Xia ruofei had a guess.

However, after taking the soup, Xia ruofei could feel that his memory and comprehension had improved along with his spiritual power. The soup should have been enough ...

Ever since Xia ruofei had obtained the spirit map space, he had been fumbling around on his own. He had no teacher to guide him, so he could only guess on his own.

He felt that the improvement in memory and comprehension might just be a “side effect” of the pregnancy soup, while the heart – nourishing soup was specifically used to improve the intelligence of the user.

Anyway, if it was recorded in the booklet, it was definitely not a simple formula. Xia ruofei was sure of this.

Whether it was the spirit bearing soup or the body tempering soup, if they were brought to the outside world, they would definitely be good things that would be fought over by all kinds of people!