Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 649: The completion of the array disc (2)

Even though it had already been diluted, Xue Jinshan was still amazed by the miraculous effects of the heart nourishing soup.

He took the remaining one back to the school and borrowed the equipment in the school’s laboratory for a preliminary test analysis. He then began to write the patent application materials.

Xia ruofei also wrote down the preparation process for the heart – nourishing soup. Naturally, it was an abridged version. Xia ruofei had deliberately omitted some key parts.

In fact, the heat control of Chinese medicine was controlled by experience most of the time. There were no standard procedures like Western medicine preparation, which was to control the temperature at 90 degrees. Was 89 and 91 degrees not enough? This might not be the case. Western medicine was the synthesis and extraction of compounds. Of course, it had to be carried out in strict accordance with the standard, but this was not the case for Chinese medicine.

Therefore, when Xue Jinshan saw Xia ruofei’s vague preparation process, he didn’t raise any objections and directly included it in the patent application report.

Xue Jinshan spent a few days writing the report, then flew to Beijing to settle the patent.

Xia ruofei originally wanted to find an acquaintance in Beijing through song Rui, but Xue Jinshan had contacted a senior in advance and even used some of his mentor’s connections. According to his feedback in Beijing, the patent application was quite smooth. However, the patent application also had a cycle, especially the invention patent, which would take about two years to be officially approved.

Xue Jinshan’s people were quite good. They sped up some of the procedures and didn’t wait until 18 months later to make it public. In fact, if the applicant had made a request, it could have been made public in advance.

Of course, the patent application document did not mention the treatment of autism. It only applied for a new compound medicine for the purpose of strengthening the spleen and Qi, nourishing the heart and intelligence, warming the kidney and nourishing the brain, nourishing the liver and kidney, and so on.

The patent soon entered the trial stage. Xue Jinshan flew back to San Shan after dealing with it.

All that was left was to wait. While waiting, he might have to answer questions from the examiner and cooperate with the patent review work.

However, they had seized the first opportunity in China.

The next step was to further test the efficacy of the medicine. At the same time, the approval of the new medicine was not necessarily related to the patent, so it could be carried out at the same time.

......

Feng Jing had recruited four more Chinese medicine undergraduate students, and they were all working at the farm for the time being. Xue Jinshan had become the temporary leader of the small team. He led the four undergraduate students to prepare the materials for the new medicine application.

Xia ruofei didn’t have much hope of recruiting an academic expert, so he was mentally prepared for the current team composition and wasn’t too disappointed. Besides, young people had their own strengths. They were full of energy and worked with great enthusiasm.

What was more valuable was that Xue Jinshan had participated in a new drug project when he was a graduate student, so he was quite familiar with the application process. With him as the team leader, work efficiency was much higher.

Of course, Xue Jinshan was more interested in testing the effects of the medicine.

When Xia ruofei went to do a follow – up for Chengcheng, he did not go back on his word and brought Xue Jinshan along.

Xue Jinshan asked his family, Xue bi Yun, about Huanhuan’s condition in detail, especially about her condition before Xia ruofei’s treatment. He asked about every detail.

Comparing the two, Xue Jinshan was amazed by the efficacy of the heart – nourishing soup. He was extremely excited that he had actually participated in the approval of such a magical medicine. When he thought about how the company would still produce and sell the heart – nourishing soup in the future, Xue Jinshan felt as if he had been injected with chicken blood.

One of the most direct benefits of Xia ruofei bringing Xue Jinshan along to do Chengcheng’s follow – up was that Xue Jinshan was more motivated to work. After returning to the farm, he pulled a few undergraduate students to work overtime every day.

He didn’t want to wait a moment longer. He was determined to get this good medicine approved as soon as possible.

Tian Huixin’s recruitment of children with autism was also going very smoothly.

In the name of the Hengfeng group’s Charity Foundation, she recruited children with autism to carry out a new experimental treatment. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

The Hengfeng group was a world – Class Financial Group, and Tian Huixin knew many parents with autism. With Huanhuan as an example, and the fact that children with autism had no way of seeking treatment, the Hengfeng group was providing free food and transportation, as well as free treatment, so the number of applicants was naturally very high.

Tian Huixin carefully selected ten children, all of whom were relatively representative. They were of different age groups, different pedigree, and different degrees of severity ...

Among the ten children, some were from Hong Kong, some were from the mainland, and two were from the three mountains.

Soon, they had gathered at the Hengfeng hotel in San Shan from all over the country.

Xia ruofei had prepared hundreds of heart – nourishing soup in advance and placed them in vacuum – sealed bags in the space.

So, he went to Hengfeng hotel to meet the children and check on each child’s condition. Then, he distributed the medicine to each family for three days.

The rest was simple. Xia ruofei only needed to send over 90 Servings of heart – nourishing soup every three days and come back for a follow – up once in a while.

Of course, Xue Jinshan went to Hengfeng hotel more frequently than Xia ruofei.

He would go there almost every one or two days to record each child’s situation in detail, including some of their behavioral characteristics, reactions after taking the medicine, and so on.

He also planned to ask the child’s parents to fill out the loneliness scale once a week to compare the changes in their children after taking the medicine.

Feng Jing’s application for a pharmaceutical company had also made progress, and the capital verification would soon be completed.

Fortunately, master Luo had brought Qin Xiaojun and the others to work overtime, and they had already finished making the iron – Skin maples.

He won a total of 148.5 kg.

The quality was still as good as ever, and it could definitely be called the best.

Xia ruofei immediately contacted Mr. Lin of Tongren Hall in Qiantang city and told him that the new batch of iron – hide maples had been completed.

It was as if CEO Lin had found a treasure. The iron – skinned maples that Xia ruofei had sold to Tongren Hall were of excellent quality and were sold out very quickly. Nowadays, there were many rich people who were willing to spend money for the sake of health.

Moreover, Qiantang Tongren Hall’s top – grade iron – skinned fengdou had also made a name for itself. Some branch stores in other regions also came to President Lin to ask for goods. Even the main store came forward to coordinate and transfer some goods to the main store in the capital to sell. Unfortunately, President Lin could not make a meal without rice.

Xia ruofei’s call came at the right time. CEO Lin quickly told him that the money was ready and asked Xia ruofei to arrange for the delivery as soon as possible.

Xia ruofei was prepared to provide Mr. Lin with 140 kilograms of iron maples. He wanted to keep the remaining 8.5 kilograms for himself. An iron maples of such quality would be a good gift to an elder or a friend.

He arranged for Lei Hu to bring two skilled veterans to drive a pickup truck with a sealed 140 – kilogram tin bucket to Qiantang city overnight.

According to the agreement, starting from this batch of goods, when Tongren Tang sold the iron – skinned fengdou again, they would use a brand new package with the peach blossom company’s LOGO. However, the peach blossom company had already transported the various specifications of the packaging to Qiantang through logistics, so Lei Hu and the others only needed to send the large bags of iron – skinned fengdou over.

President Lin was also very quick to make the payment. After inspecting the goods that night, the bank opened early the next morning and sent the finance staff to the bank to make the transfer. He then sent a copy of the receipt to Lei Hu and brought it back to the three mountains.

According to the previous agreement, each kilogram of iron Kaede bucket was 170000 Huaxia dollars, so this batch of goods brought paradise Corporation an income of 23.8 million Yuan.

When pang Hao reported to Xia ruofei that the payment from Tongren Hall had been received, Xia ruofei immediately asked pang Hao to transfer 10 million Yuan to the company account of Taoyuan pharmaceuticals. At the same time, he also asked him to transfer 2 million Yuan in advance for the first batch of construction funds for the fish pond transformation to jianda group’s account.

After solving the problem of funding, there were professionals in charge of all aspects of the work, and the progress was very fast. Xia ruofei also had more thoughts and energy to process the parts needed for the array disc.

After more than ten days of hard work, Xia ruofei finally finished the last component.

With a hint of excitement, he took out the small book and prepared to assemble the formation plate according to the blueprint.

Xia ruofei couldn’t wait to see what this soul puppet that he had put in so much effort for was ...

[PS: thanks to “a long journey with a sword” for your support.]