Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 66: Resurrection (1)

𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

The reason why Xia ruofei was so nervous was because Red Arowana was extremely valuable. It was one of the best ornamental fish. If he could save this fish, he would definitely make a lot of money. Of course, Xia ruofei knew the value of the red Arowana thanks to a comrade from the recruit company. That comrade from Jiangsu and Zhejiang Province was a true – Blue rich second generation. His father raised a Red Arowana and it was said that he spent more than a million to buy it. This fellow bragged to his comrades all day long and told them a lot about the red Arowana, so Xia ruofei had a deep impression of it. However, Xia ruofei was recruited into the lone wolf assault team not long after he was dismissed. He did not have much contact with this comrade of his. He heard that he retired from the Army and went home to help his father do business after two years of service. I wonder how this interesting guy is doing now? When Xia ruofei saw the red Arowana, he could not help but think of his comrade. However, this thought only flashed through his mind as most of his attention was focused on the dying Red Arowana. Under Xia ruofei’s nervous gaze, the red Arowana, which had been motionless for a long time, opened its mouth slightly and then swayed its tail gently. There’s hope! Xia ruofei revealed a look of joy. Sure enough, after a while, the red Arowana seemed to have recovered a lot. Its tail swayed even more, and then it twisted its body, regaining its balance and no longer showing the state of “turning white.” Xia ruofei was overjoyed. The petal solution was indeed effective! However, Xia ruofei felt that the red Arowana was still recovering a little slowly, so he unscrewed the cap and dripped another drop of the petal solution into it. The red Arowana was like a cat that smelled the fishy smell. It swam to the spot where the petal solution was dripped in and lifted its head out of the water with its mouth wide open. Xia ruofei couldn’t help but laugh. This little guy was quite smart. He didn’t hesitate any longer and dripped a few drops of the petal solution down. The difference was that this time, he directly dropped the petal solution into the red Arowana’s mouth. The red Arowana swallowed the petal solution in big mouthfuls, and its spirit recovered quickly. The scales on its body gradually became lustrous. Xia ruofei stopped after dripping more than ten drops of petal solution. He tightened the bottle cap and could tell that the red Arowana had fully recovered. The red Arowana couldn’t wait for the petal solution, so it swam around in the plastic water tank unhappily. Its tail was so powerful that it even splashed water. If the fat boss saw this, he would be shocked. Was this still the red Arowana that was so sick that it could die at any time? Xia ruofei was not in a hurry to go home. Instead, he moved the plastic water tank with the red Arowana into the spirit map space. Then, he opened the door and got out of the car. He climbed into the back of the car and saw that there was no one around. He also put the plastic bucket with the 600 fish fry into the spirit map space. Then, Xia ruofei got into the driver’s seat, picked up his phone, and did some simple research. He had always had an idea to simulate a natural ecosystem in the space fish pond. He didn’t need to use any artificial feed when breeding fish, including this Red Arowana. He was going to use this method to breed it. Xia ruofei searched for relevant information. The idea was indeed feasible. However, most people did it in places like reservoirs and small lakes. Very few people did it in small fish ponds. Xia ruofei was still very confident. After all, he had the spirit map space and the petal solution. After looking for information, Xia ruofei knew that he had to build a complete ecosystem in the space fish pond. There had to be seaweed, plankton, small fish and shrimp, and so on, so that they could form a complete ecosystem. What should he do? Xia ruofei furrowed his brows as he pondered. Suddenly, he remembered that there was an abandoned pond on the way to the holiday villa, and an idea came to him. However, before he used his idea, Xia ruofei had to verify something. So he put down his phone and started the car, driving towards the holiday villa. After he got home, Xia ruofei jogged upstairs and locked the door and windows. Then, he entered the spirit map space. He didn’t check the plastic water tank with the red Arowana and the buckets of fish. Instead, he picked up his Hoe and Shovel and went to the big fish pond he had dug up. The water level in the spirit pond had already recovered, and the pond’s water level had risen to around 1.5 meters, which was the same as the water level in the spirit pond, so the spring water didn’t come out anymore. Xia ruofei estimated the distance with his eyes, then picked up the hoe and started to work. Two hours later, a straight ditch appeared beside the pond. The ditch extended all the way to the invisible membrane at the end of the space. Xia ruofei dug a hole in the pond with his hoe. The water in the fish pond started to flow out through the hole and into the ditch. Xia ruofei picked up a fish from the plastic bucket and threw it into the ditch. The fish immediately followed the flow of water. Xia ruofei followed the water flow and soon reached the end of the small space. Xia ruofei stared at the ditch nervously. The water passed through the space membrane without any resistance and flowed into unknown space outside. As for the young fish, it was as if it was blocked by an invisible wall, struggling against the light green membrane! “Yay!” Xia ruofei called out happily. His guess had confirmed that the Suan NI’s pool of water was a product of the space itself. The light green membrane did not obstruct it at all, and since the fry and him were both outsiders, they were blocked by the space membrane. Xia ruofei guessed that the area outside the membrane was still within the spirit map’s space, but he would have to wait for the space to evolve again before he could see it. Therefore, the pool water should still be in the spirit map space, and it might even have seeped into the ground and gathered at the spring eye. In this way, Xia ruofei could change the water in the pond at any time. Although the water in the spatial pond had a strong purifying ability and was extremely clear without a trace of impurities, Xia ruofei was worried that the fish would not be able to survive and grow for a long time if the water was still. But now that the water could flow away, Xia ruofei could change the water regularly. He scooped up the fry, then jogged back and threw the fry into the bucket. Then, he used a shovel to shovel the soil to block the gap in the fish pond. Then, Xia ruofei started to get busy again. He moved the soil that he had just dug out between the pond and the fish pond. He increased the height of the ‘mini’ stream and finally made a small dam at the junction of the stream and the fish pond. Xia ruofei blocked the dam and the water level of the “mini” stream started to rise. The spiritual pond and the fish pond were completely separated. Xia ruofei had gone through so much trouble just to ensure that the spirit pool water was clean. Still, although the purifying ability of the spiritual pond water was very strong, Xia ruofei did not want the water that he usually drank to be mixed with the small fish, shrimp, and plankton that would go upstream in the fish pond in the future. With this simple dam, the spirit pond and the fish pond were isolated from each other and would only be connected when the water was changed. When the water was changed, the water flowed outward, and under the impulse, it was basically impossible for the creatures in the fish pond to enter the spirit pool. After finishing all this, Xia ruofei could finally implement his plan to create a space fish pond. He left the spirit map space, hid the spirit map scroll, and quickly went downstairs. He drove the pickup truck straight to the abandoned pond.