Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 653: Sensing the Jade Leaf.2

Xia ruofei placed the rest of the sheep – Fat white jade back into the cabinet and then returned to the medium.

As soon as he entered the space, Xia ruofei saw that Xia Qing was holding the Supreme – grade suet white jade. As expected, the Jade had not been absorbed by the space.

Xia ruofei was also surprised. He asked,””Xia Qing, I still have some of this Supreme – grade sheep – Fat white jade. How much do you need in total?” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Master, the formation for the sensing world stone isn’t complicated. This piece is enough.” Xia Qing said.

“Alright, you can set it up now!” Xia ruofei said.

“Yes, master!” Xia Qing replied respectfully.

Xia ruofei stood at the side and watched. Xia Qing flipped her hand and a small carving knife appeared.

He didn’t know if it was hidden on his body or if he had some other spatial treasure.

Xia Qing skillfully took the carving knife and began to carve the sheep – Fat white jade. At the same time, she quickly carved out a mysterious pattern on it.

In the midst of the flying Jade fragments, Xia Qing stared very intently at the sheep – Fat white jade in her hand, and her knife was fast and accurate.

After a while, the Supreme – grade sheep – Fat white jade had completely changed its appearance.

“Master, I’m done!” Xia Qing said.

Xia ruofei took the sheep – Fat white jade from Xia Qing and looked at it.

......

This piece of Jade had been carved into a lifelike leaf, and the veins of the leaf could be vaguely seen.

Moreover, there were also faint lines of varying thickness on the Jade Leaf, some of which were even inside the Jade Leaf, but the surface was not damaged. It was unknown how Xia Qing managed to do this.

All the patterns formed an extremely mysterious pattern.

“Master, I’ve already engraved a small world stone sensing formation on this Jade Leaf. As long as you wear it on your body, the leaf will heat up and alert you if there’s a world stone within the sensing range!” Xia Qing said respectfully.

Xia Qing thought for a moment and continued,”master, the spirit map world absorbed a world stone not long ago, so the Jade Leaf should have some reaction now.”

Xia ruofei felt it carefully and could indeed feel a warm breath coming from the Jade Leaf.

It was really godly!

“Xia Qing, how far can this Jade Leaf sense?” Xia ruofei asked with anticipation.

Xia Qing cautiously replied,”master, I’ve just checked the array. Under normal circumstances, it should be able to sense the world stone within a twenty li radius. Any further and the reaction will be very weak. You might not be able to sense it.”

Xia ruofei was very satisfied with 20 miles.

Just now, Xia Qing had said that she would definitely be able to sense it within a range of ten miles. Although that was the “minimum cost,” the final effect would be doubled, which was already very good.

“That’s great! Xia Qing, thank you!” Xia ruofei said happily.

“It’s my honor to be able to serve you, master. I don’t deserve your thanks ...” Xia Qing said with a bow.

Xia ruofei patted Xia Qing’s shoulder excitedly and said,””You deserve it! You’ve really helped me a lot ...”

“By the way, Xia Qing, is there anything I need to pay attention to when using this Jade Leaf?” Xia ruofei asked.

“The formation will automatically absorb the spiritual energy of heaven and earth to maintain its operation.” Xia Qing said,”master only needs to ensure that you wear it on your body every day. Once the Jade Leaf senses the existence of the world stone, you will be able to discover it in time.”

Xia Qing paused for a moment before continuing.”Master, the closer you are to the world stone, the hotter the Jade Leaf will be. So, once the Jade Leaf can sense it, master should be able to find the world stone easily.”

“Understood!” Xia ruofei said with a smile.

This was a really powerful and easy to operate good thing! Xia ruofei’s excitement was written all over his face.

Seeing this, Xia Qing couldn’t help but remind him,””Master, according to what I know, the realm stone is extremely rare. Although the Jade Leaf formation has expanded the sensing range, the difficulty of finding the realm stone is still very high. You must be mentally prepared for any mishaps.”

“I know, don’t worry!” Xia ruofei nodded.

World stones were not cabbages. One might not be able to find a few in an entire country. Hence, Xia ruofei was not so optimistic as to think that he would be able to find a steady stream of world stones just by wearing this Jade Leaf. This was simply unrealistic.

But no matter what, the Jade Leaf that Xia Qing had made was of great help to Xia ruofei.

At the very least, he wouldn’t miss it when he was ten kilometers away from the world stone.

Now that he had the Jade Leaf, even though he could still be considered to have hit the jackpot in his search for the world stone, it was of a much higher level compared to the past. The chances of him finding the world stone were naturally much higher as well.

Xia ruofei was satisfied.

“Master, I just took a look. There are almost no spiritual plants in the mountain sea realm!” Xia Qing said,”you should plant more spirit herbs. This can also help the spirit map world grow.”

Xia ruofei was a little embarrassed as he said,””Xia Qing, actually ... The spirit herbs you mentioned are almost extinct in the outside world. Even if I wanted to grow them, I have no power! Furthermore ... I’ve planted some of the more precious crops in the yuankong ... Uh, the Archean realm. ”

Xia ruofei was still not used to Xia Qing’s way of addressing the mountain sea realm and the Archean realm. He felt that it was a little awkward.

“I see ...” Xia Qing nodded and said,”master, I’ll find some time to draw some spiritual plant charts for you!” If you happen to encounter it in the outside world, you won’t miss it. ”

“Alright! I’ll get you some pen and paper later. ” Xia ruofei said,”Oh right, follow me to the Archean realm to take a look! The more precious crops are all over there. ”