Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 655: Kun fish cultivation (1)

“Yes! Master, this subordinate will definitely do his best!” Xia Qing said with an excited expression.

He was a puppet that could help with planting spiritual plants, so his loyalty was unquestionable. Xia ruofei was willing to give him such an important task. He was very excited by this trust.

“Xia Qing, you’re here to take care of the spirit heart tree. Do you need me to prepare anything for you?” Xia ruofei patted Xia Qing’s shoulder and asked.

Although Xia ruofei knew that Xia Qing was actually a spiritual puppet, it was too realistic. Sometimes, he still unconsciously treated Xia Qing as a living person.

“Master, I don’t need to prepare anything special, but it would be better if you could prepare some jade stones for me.” Xia Qing said,”the spirit Qi in the Archean realm is extremely dense. I can set up a simple spirit gathering array and gather the spirit Qi around the spirit heart tree.”

“No problem!” Xia ruofei said,”I’ll prepare it for you after I get out!”

Xia ruofei thought for a while and said,”Oh right, Xia Qing, you can stay in this Archean realm in the future!” When you’re free, help me take care of the Phoebe zhennan, the iron – skinned stone centipede, and so on. Oh, and those tea trees, especially the 12 here, help me take care of them! Also, the Chinese perch in that fish pond are quite timid, so be careful not to alarm them when you work. ”

Most of the baby salamander had been moved to the river in the new space by Xia ruofei. However, there were still some left here to be used as breeding fish.

“Yes, master!” Xia Qing said.

Xia ruofei thought of another question and couldn’t help but ask,”Xia Qing, you ... How do you usually replenish your energy? Do you need to eat?”

Xia Qing smiled and said,”master, I only need a small amount of Heaven Earth spiritual energy. I can continue working in this primal realm.” Besides, I can sleep when I’m not working, so I won’t consume too much spiritual energy. ”

Hearing this, Xia ruofei was completely relieved.

He felt that the spiritual puppet was really beyond his expectations. The spiritual puppet had a consciousness similar to that of a human, and it had the skills to take care of spiritual plants. It didn’t need to eat and could work all the time. It was perfect!

......

Xia ruofei found a pen and paper for Xia Qing in the original space. Now, he had basically stored all these common items in the original space. He could use them whenever he needed them, which was very convenient.

Xia ruofei asked Xia Qing to draw the spiritual plant chart when she had time. If she were to encounter it in the future, she could transplant it into the space in time.

After handing everything over to Xia Qing, Xia ruofei left the spirit map space with a peace of mind.

After he returned to the outside world, the first thing he did was to go to Hengfeng jewelry to buy jade materials.

The Hengfeng group’s San Shan office’s manager personally accompanied Xia ruofei.

This was not a large – scale purchase, so there was no need to wait.

In the Hengfeng jewelry store, the store manager enthusiastically took out the Jade in stock for Xia ruofei to buy.

These were all raw jadeite, and their quality ranged from glass to bean.

Xia ruofei didn’t know what kind of Jade was needed for Xia Qing to set up a small spirit gathering array, but he had his own way.

In the spirit map space, Xia Qing could actually sense the situation outside, provided that Xia ruofei, the owner of the space, allowed it.

As long as Xia ruofei wanted to, he could seal the space at any time so that Xia Qing’s perception couldn’t penetrate the space. This would also prevent Xia Qing from watching when he and Ling Qingxue did some indescribable things.

Although Xia Qing was not a real human, Xia ruofei would still feel uncomfortable if he was constantly being watched.

In fact, this was just a simple use of the invisible power of space. Xia Qing explained it to Xia ruofei, and he understood it. It was not difficult at all.

So, it looked like Xia ruofei was picking out jades, but in reality, every time he picked up a Jade, he was communicating with Xia Qing in the space.

Soon, Xia ruofei understood that the Jade used by Xia Qing to set up the formation did not need to be of the highest quality. The glutinous kind completely met the requirements.

Hence, Xia ruofei only chose the glutinous – Type jade and bought a Jade that cost about 200000 Yuan.

After leaving Hengfeng jewelry, Xia ruofei put the Jades into the medium as soon as he got into the car.

He used his mind power to investigate and found that the Jade was not directly absorbed by the space, but in Xia Qing’s hands.

Xia Qing set up the formation very quickly. By the time Xia ruofei drove home, he had already placed the Jade stones in a specific position around the spirit heart tree. Of course, there was also a difference in the flow of time here. Although it was only half an hour in the outside world, more than ten hours had passed in the space.

Xia Qing, who was in the original space, was busy improving the planting environment of the spirit heart tree. Xia ruofei would also enter the space when he had time to see Xia Qing’s results.

He noticed that after setting up the spirit gathering array, the spirit Qi within a meter of the spirit heart tree had become much denser. He didn’t know if it was his imagination, but he felt that the spirit heart tree seemed to be more energetic than before.

Of course, Xia Qing’s methods of taking care of the spirit heart tree were not limited to this.

There were many methods that Xia ruofei couldn’t understand. For example, Xia Qing had used the soil in her spatial space to pile up some small mounds under the spirit heart tree. He had also trimmed the leaves and branches of the spirit heart tree in a small area.

Although the effects of these methods could not be seen for the time being, Xia Qing told Xia ruofei that the improvement of the spiritual heart tree was a long – term process. If it wanted to reach the level of eight to nine petals, it would take at least a few years.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)