Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 658: The shocked Jianghua (1)

When the pickup truck returned to the farm, Jiang Hua and the employees of the pomfrets were looking forward to it. Feng Jing, pang Hao, Lei Hu, and the others had also put down their work and came to the entrance of the cultivation workshop.

As soon as Xia ruofei’s car stopped, everyone gathered around.

Facing Jiang Hua’s expectant eyes, Xia ruofei smiled and said,”The first batch of 1000 baby fish has been delivered!”

Jiang Hua was overjoyed and quickly greeted,””Everyone, come and move it quickly. Be careful not to shake it. Otherwise, the fish inside will be frightened and may die!”

Xia ruofei waved his hand.”Don’t move! Don’t move! I’ll do it!”

“Ah?” Jiang Hua and the others were surprised.

Xia ruofei smiled and walked to the back to open the back of the pickup truck. Then, he carried one box in each hand and carried it down easily.

Jiang Hua couldn’t help but open his eyes wide. He knew that this kind of specially made transfer box had a thick layer and an oxygen increasing device. It was filled with water and fish, so it weighed nearly two hundred catties.

Xia ruofei looked as if he was holding onto two straws, as light as a feather.

Most importantly, Xia ruofei’s hands were very stable throughout the entire process. His movements were very gentle. The two transferal boxes did not shake at all.

The boss was too strong, wasn’t he?

Jiang Hua, Feng ke, and the others opened their mouths slightly in surprise.

Only Lei Hu looked on with a smile, thinking that this group of people were really ignorant. Squad leader Xia was the backbone of lone Wolf’s assault team. What’s the big deal with carrying a few hundred pounds of things?

......

In fact, Lei Hu did not know that although Xia ruofei could also lift such heavy things in the past, he could not lift them as if they were light, without any shaking or vibration, as he did now.

This was all thanks to the body tempering soup.

Very quickly, under everyone’s admiring gaze, Xia ruofei carried the few large plastic boxes into the breeding workshop.

Xia ruofei pointed at the transport boxes and said to Jiang Hua,””There are two batches of fish fry here, and there are some differences in size. The three boxes here are a batch. Why don’t you take a look at how you’re going to raise it?”

Jiang Hua carefully moved closer and looked through the observation hole for a while. He then said in surprise,””President Xia, these fish are huge! I estimate that each tail is almost 10 centimeters long, right? Is this batch all this big?”

Xia ruofei smiled and nodded.””The same batch is about the same size.”

“Usually, the fish can be transferred to the breeding base after four to five centimeters.” Jiang Hua said joyfully,”these fish are huge! That’s good too, the survival rate will be much higher when we breed them!”

Xia ruofei smiled and said,”go and look at the other batch!”

On Xia ruofei’s left side were three plastic transport boxes.

Jiang Hua nodded and walked over, thinking,”The first batch could reach 10 centimeters, and the second batch could reach at least 6 or 7 centimeters! It was really not bad!

As a result, Jiang Hua’s mouth was wide open, and his face was full of shock.

“Jiang Hua, what did you see?” Feng Rao couldn’t help but laugh. You’re so scared?”

Jiang Hua was dumbfounded. After a long time, he said,”President Xia, so that 10cm one was the smaller one!”

“I didn’t say that they were the bigger ones!” Xia ruofei said with a smile.

“Jiang Hua, how’s this batch of baby fish?” Pang Hao could not help but ask,”look at how shocked you are!” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“The longest fish is nearly 20 centimeters, and the smallest is more than 15 centimeters,” said Jiang Hua. Strictly speaking, this is no longer a fry ... Director Xia, I really admire you for being able to find such a big fry! This ... Isn’t cheap, is it?”

Xia ruofei smiled.”I got it from a friend. It’s a friendship price!”

Since Xia ruofei did not say anything, Jiang Hua was tactful and did not ask further.

He quickly arranged four fish ponds according to the size of the baby venomous sea snakes. Three of them were used to breed the larger batch of baby venomous snakes, while the baby venomous snakes that were about 10 centimeters in size were concentrated in one fish pond.

Since they were already in the breeding workshop, Xia ruofei didn’t have to do it himself.

Jiang Hua and his workers carefully carried the box to the side of the fish pond and slowly put it in. Then, they opened the lid and Jiang Hua reached out to carefully tilt the box slowly to transfer the baby clam into the fish pond.

The entire process was as if he was taking care of a newborn baby, extremely careful.

Xia ruofei and the rest stood outside the police tape and did not go near the fish pond.

In Jiang Hua’s words, the Stingray was extremely timid. If a lot of people surrounded the pond, they might be frightened.

It took Jiang Hua an hour to transfer the baby clam into the pond. He was very careful.

Xia ruofei pointed at the pond where the fish had been transferred and asked,””Jiang Hua, why are the baby fishes still in formation? The organization’s discipline is quite strong!”

They had also noticed that the baby Boas in the pond were swimming in a group in a clockwise direction rapidly like a rapid marching Army, which was very spectacular from afar.

Jiang Hua smiled and said,”director Xia, this is the Yangtze River intelligent water flow simulation system that I reported to you before. The Stingray’s characteristic is that its intestines are short, so it needs to keep eating and swimming. This system simulates the natural environment of the Yangtze River. The Stingray feels like it is in the Yangtze River, and it will unconsciously swim in the direction of the simulated water flow.”