Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

Chapter 67: Ecosystem (1)

Soon, Xia ruofei drove to an abandoned pond about a kilometer away from the villa. Out of his habit as a Special Forces member, Xia ruofei observed the pond the moment he got out of the car. He realized that the pond was indeed abandoned. There were weeds growing around the pond, and there was a simple shed not far away with a big hole in its roof. It was on the verge of collapse. It was obvious that no one had lived there for a long time. Then, Xia ruofei looked around to make sure that there was no one around. He then slowly walked to the pond and squatted down. Xia ruofei put his hand into the pond and tried to contact the spirit map space with his mind. Then, he tried to give instructions. In an instant, Xia ruofei felt the water in the pond, the mud at the bottom of the pond, and a large piece of seaweed disappear into thin air. The next moment, they appeared in the spirit map space and fell into the spatial fish pond according to his instructions. Of course, due to the size of the pond, losing one piece would not cause the water level to drop significantly. Xia ruofei was overjoyed. This method was indeed effective! It was so much more convenient after the space had evolved! Xia ruofei had a plan in mind. He immediately did the same thing and continuously took the water, mud, and algae from the abandoned pond into the spatial pond. It contained a large amount of plankton, small fish, shrimp, aquatic plants, and so on. It would definitely form a complete ecosystem in the space spirit pool. After a few dozen times, Xia ruofei could feel that the bottom of the fish pond was covered with a thick layer of mud. He knew that it was about time. So he stood up and quickly returned to the car, driving back to the holiday villa. As soon as he got home, Xia ruofei rushed to his bedroom, took out the spirit map, and entered the medium. Xia ruofei immediately appeared beside the spatial fish pond. Now that his connection with the spirit map space was getting closer, he could control himself to appear at a certain location in the space. The space fish pond was now very different from how clear it had been before. After the mud and algae were absorbed, the fish pond became very muddy. However, Xia ruofei knew that this was only temporary. The purifying ability of the spiritual pool was so strong that it should be clear again soon. The small fish and shrimp in the abandoned pond seemed to have realized that the environment had changed. They were very excited about the spiritual pond and swam around in the space fish pond. Xia ruofei’s consciousness had a connection with the spirit map space, so he could even feel the little loaches in the mud wriggling around and a small turtle hiding in a cluster of algae. The pond in the interspace was full of life. Xia ruofei was relieved. He believed that a stable ecosystem would be formed soon. Then, his fish would be living in a wild environment. Moreover, it was several levels higher than the wild environment. After all, this was the interior of the spirit map space, and the quality of air and water was many times higher than the outside world. However, Xia ruofei felt that the number of fish and prawns in the pond was still too small. After all, the pond was abandoned and Xia ruofei had only randomly taken the mud from the pond and brought them into the medium. However, this problem was easy to solve. He could go to the market again, buy some small fish and river shrimp, and throw them into the space fish pond. The biggest purpose of this trip was the plankton in the mud and water, as well as the algae in the pond. Xia ruofei walked around in satisfaction and came to the plastic bucket that contained the fish. He took the mineral water bottle that contained the petal solution and poured a little into each plastic bucket. The fry in the plastic bucket immediately started to writhe. It was obvious that the petal solution was very attractive to them. After Xia ruofei poured the solution in, he did not care about the fish fry anymore. He let them absorb the petal solution in the plastic bucket. He went straight to the plastic water tank. The red Arowana had fully recovered and was swimming happily in the plastic water tank. The scales of the red Arowana were very large, and each one was very neat and bright. The gills had begun to show spreading hair color. The range was not very large, but the orange – Red color was very rich and pure. Xia ruofei was very happy. The red Arowana was still in its infancy and would go through several stages of hair color in the future. In the end, the whole fish would be red. The darker and darker the red, the more valuable it would be. This Red Arowana should have the hair color of a first stage Arowana. The color was already so rich, which meant that it was of a good species. With the various nutrients in the space and the time flow that was 20 times faster, Xia ruofei would be able to harvest a valuable Red Arowana very soon. He thought about it and decided not to keep the red Arowana in the water tank. The conditions in the space were unique, and it would be more beneficial for the red Arowana to grow in a simulated wild environment. However, he couldn’t keep it in a big fish pond either. Red Arowana were fed with small fish and shrimp. If it was left in a big fish pond, the baby fish wouldn’t survive. Xia ruofei thought for a while and decided to dig a small pond next to the big fish pond to raise the red Arowana. Xia ruofei picked up the Hoe and Shovel and started to work. More than an hour later, Xia ruofei, who was sweating profusely, looked at the two – meter wide pit he had dug with satisfaction. Other than the pit, Xia ruofei had dug two more water diversion tanks. One was used to draw water from the big fish pond, and the other was used to drain water. Xia ruofei dug out some mud and algae from the big fish pond, then filled the small fish pond with water. After resting for a while, Xia ruofei released the fish for more than an hour. They should have absorbed all the petal solution by now. He carried the plastic bucket to the big fish pond and used a water ladle to scoop out the fish and carefully poured them into the fish pond. It was not until all 600 fish had been placed in the big fish pond that Xia ruofei let out a long sigh of relief. The matter of the space fish pond was finally settled! Then, Xia ruofei carefully placed the red Arowana into the small fish pond and poured some petal solution into both fish ponds. He then left the spirit map space with a peace of mind. Back in his bedroom, Xia ruofei kept the painting close to his body and looked at the time – it was still early for lunch – the twenty times time flow in the spirit map space was so practical! Hence, Xia ruofei decided to drive to the seafood market in Changping County. There were many stalls selling small fish and prawns at the entrance. As many people would buy them to feed their fish and cats, Xia ruofei bought two plastic buckets of fish and prawns and placed them in the driver’s seat. On the way back to the villa, Xia ruofei put the two buckets of small fish and shrimp into the spirit map space and placed them in the two fish ponds. In this way, the ecosystem of the two fish ponds was basically completed. Soon, it would be self – sufficient and he would not have to worry too much. At most, he would pour some petal solution into the young fishes and red Arowana to absorb from time to time. It was already noon by the time they arrived at the villa. Xia ruofei’s phone rang just as he was about to make lunch. He took it out and looked at the caller ID. It was Ling Qingxue. Xia ruofei smiled and answered the call ...