Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 688: Obtaining the world stone (3)

The captain of this airplane was Zhang shiguang, the deputy head of the flight crew.

It showed how much importance the military air force attached to this flight.

Of course, Xia ruofei was clear that this was all because of Zhao Cheng.

The leaders of the military region’s Air Force were very polite to Jin Feng. Of course, they were even more polite to Xia ruofei, the only passenger. Wanwan was an important guest that chief of staff Zhao had personally arranged!

After some small talk, Xia ruofei also expressed his gratitude. Then, he boarded the plane with Jin Feng.

The military transport plane naturally did not have the comfortable configuration of a civil flight. The cabin was neatly stacked with army green boxes, which were tightly secured with net pockets. A row of simple seats were placed in the middle of the boxes.

Xia ruofei could tell at a glance that the boxes were filled with weapons and ammunition. It seemed like they were really on a transportation mission.

If an ordinary person knew that they were sitting in a pile of explosives and grenades, they would probably be scared out of their wits. However, Xia ruofei was quite used to it. His expression did not change at all. In fact, he even seemed to be enjoying it.

In fact, when Xia ruofei was in the Army, he was already used to this kind of “human and goods mixed together”. It was also common for Xia ruofei to sleep on the bed with an ammunition box.

Those who knew the industry would know that there was nothing to be afraid of.

Jin Feng was also observing Xia ruofei’s expression. When he saw Xia ruofei’s relaxed expression, Jin Feng could not help but admire Xia ruofei’s courage.

Very quickly, everyone who was not participating in the flight, including Jin Feng, waved goodbye to Xia ruofei and got off the plane one by one. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

A young pilot in a blue flight suit looked at Xia ruofei curiously. He closed the cabin door and reminded Xia ruofei to fasten his seat belt.

......

The Air Force was in charge of all of China’s airspace, including the Civil Aviation airspace, which was under the control of the air Force air traffic control department. Therefore, this transport aircraft naturally did not have any queue to take off or flow control. As soon as the door was closed, the plane began to taxied.

The tower immediately gave the permission to take off. The transport plane began to accelerate and slide. Then, it quickly lifted its head and left the ground at a large angle, beginning to rush into the sky.

Civil Aviation aircraft would not have such a large movement and such a high rise rate. Pilots who dared to do so would definitely be drowned in complaints.

Xia ruofei sat in the cabin, looking left and right with a hint of nostalgia in his eyes. From time to time, he would lean to the porthole to look at the scenery outside. He did not feel afraid at all because of the rough flight movements.

It was the same familiar recipe and smell. Xia ruofei had experienced this style of flying countless times. What was there to be afraid of?

From Beijing to Sanshan, there was no interference on the military transport aircraft’s route. They were flying in a prohibited area for civil aircraft, and they were basically in a straight line all the way. There was no need to fly around one route point after another. In addition, the military aircraft pilots did not need to consider soft operation, maintaining economic speed and saving fuel at all. Therefore, a two and a half hour flight on civil aircraft was completed in one and a half hours.

At around 11:30, the transport plane landed heavily on the runway of the Yi order military airport.

If this was done by the standard of a civil aircraft, it would definitely be considered a heavy landing. If it was done by the co – Pilot, he would probably be scolded by the captain when he commented.

However, for the sturdy military transport aircraft, this was the correct posture for them to land.

As soon as the plane stopped, the door of the cockpit opened.

Zhang shiguang, who was wearing a blue flight suit, walked out with his helmet. When he saw Xia ruofei, he laughed and asked,””Hahaha! This flight has successfully arrived at the terminal station. Doctor Xia, how do you feel?”