Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 695: Chapter 483 – final decision (2)

“Understood!” Feng Rao said with a smile. Chairman, Min Jiang pharmaceuticals ‘sale of cash is still very urgent. I believe that the negotiations will be able to make substantial progress very soon. ”

Xia ruofei nodded and said, You should hurry up and get this matter settled. Regarding this negotiation, I don’t have any other requests, nor will I set a bottom line for you. Even if the final price is only 25 million, I can accept it. ”

Feng Jing nodded.”I understand, Chairman. I’ll contact Min Jiang pharmaceuticals today to conduct in – depth negotiations. I’ll report to you as soon as there’s any progress!”

Xia ruofei gathered the information and stood up.””Good! Then, everyone, get into position and do what you’re responsible for!”

Feng Rao and Xue Jinshan also stood up. At this moment, Feng Rao suddenly said,”By the way, Chairman, Jiang Hua seems to be looking for you urgently at the pomfrets cultivation workshop ...”

Xia ruofei was stunned and quickly asked,””Is there a problem with the pomfrets? Could it be that a large number of deaths have occurred?”

“I’m not too sure about that,”Feng Rao said,” but it shouldn’t be a mass death of pomfrets. If something so serious had happened, Jiang Hua would’ve definitely reported it to me. ” Why don’t you take a look at the pomfrets cultivation workshop? Jiang Hua must be at the fish pond right now. ”

Xia ruofei was in a hurry to go home, but after hearing Feng Jing’s words, he immediately changed his mind and said,””Alright, I’ll go over and take a look now!”

Xia ruofei left the complex and was not in the mood to walk over. He drove the pickup truck straight to the pomfrets cultivation workshop.

A roadblock had been set up 100 meters away from the cultivation workshop, and a veteran was guarding it.

Xia ruofei knew that this was a special request from Jiang Hua. Under normal circumstances, the vehicles were not allowed to get too close to the breeding workshop to avoid disturbing the delicate and timid rays.

The veteran saw Xia ruofei’s car and quickly tried to open the bar.

Xia ruofei waved his hand to stop him. He got out of the car and said,””No need, I’ll just walk in! By the way, is Jiang Hua inside?”

......

“Yes, he’s here. He stays at jianggong until 10 O’ clock in the evening almost every day. Sometimes, he even spends the night in the cultivation workshop.” The veteran said.

Xia ruofei nodded and patted his shoulder.””Brother, you’ve worked hard!”

With that, Xia ruofei quickly walked towards the cultivation workshop.

After pushing the door open, Xia ruofei unconsciously lightened his footsteps. Jiang Hua was squatting by the fish pond and observing the Chinese perch. Although Xia ruofei’s footsteps were light, he was still a science student and had already noticed it. He turned around warily.

Seeing that it was Xia ruofei, Jiang Hua’s face lit up. He quickly stood up and walked to Xia ruofei. He said in a low voice,””President Xia, you’re back?” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Xia ruofei smiled.”I heard from director Feng that you were looking for me urgently. What’s the matter?”

“Let’s go, director Xia!”Jiang Hua said. Let’s talk in the control room. ”

The two of them went to the control room. A worker was monitoring the various data of the cultivation workshop.

Jiang Hua gestured for the worker to leave first. Then, he pulled out a chair for Xia ruofei and said,”President Xia, please have a seat!”

The control room had soundproof glass, so they didn’t need to talk like they were in an underground meeting.

Xia ruofei sat down and asked with a smile,””Speak! What happened?”

Jiang Hua said,”director Xia, it’s actually nothing much, but I’m not too sure ... These rays are growing too fast!” It’s growing at least 30% faster than I expected! At this rate, we’ll probably be able to harvest the fish three months in advance!”

Xia ruofei smiled and said,”isn’t that a good thing?” Why are you so nervous?”

Jiang Hua said,”director Xia, I’ve never been confident!” I’ve been raising beluga for so many years, but I’ve never seen one grow so fast! I’ve heard that Chinese perch grow slower, but now it’s the opposite. It’s even faster than the United States perch I raised! President Xia, this ... There shouldn’t be any problems, right?”

Xia ruofei laughed and said,”what problem can there be?” Our baby pomfrets are all improved. Not only are they stronger than normal pomfrets, but they also grow faster, and their meat is as tender as wild pomfrets!”

Jiang Hua nodded and said,”so it’s an improved fry?” No wonder it’s growing so fast ... CEO Xia, you’re really amazing to be able to get such a good kun fry ...”

Jiang Hua was not stupid enough to ask Xia ruofei about the source of the baby stingers. As an employee, he just had to do his job and take good care of the baby stingers.

After getting a reasonable explanation from Xia ruofei, Jiang Hua was relieved and stopped worrying about the growth rate of the Chinese perch.

Xia ruofei smiled.”Jianggong, my friend has prepared a new batch of fish. They should be shipped over soon. You have to be ready to receive them at any time!”

“No problem!” Jiang Hua said excitedly. President Xia, many of our fish ponds are still empty, waiting for the young fish to come! The more such good fish, the better! It’s best to have a few more batches, so that we can have adult fish for sale every month!”

“Don’t worry! The fish will definitely be sent over in an endless stream. ” Xia ruofei said,”that’s why we’re only in charge of the breeding. You don’t have to worry about the breeding of pomfrets!”

“Understood!” Jiang Hua said.