Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 697: Taoyuan pharmaceutical factory (1)

In fact, when Xia ruofei was in the Army, he had learned the basic driving skills of many vehicles and even helicopters, including armored vehicles with caterpillar tracks. Xia ruofei was not completely clueless about the basic operation of these small agricultural machines.

Besides, this small excavator only had a few control levers. Xia ruofei took out the manual and read it briefly. He had a basic understanding of the principles.

However, to teach Xia Qing, he had to first familiarize himself with the operation.

The mountain sea realm was extremely spacious, and there was no need to worry about any danger. He could build with all his might.

For safety’s sake, Xia ruofei drove the all – terrain vehicle, which was parked beside the small excavator, far away. He then asked Xia Qing, Blackie, and the rest to leave the range of the mechanical arm before jumping onto the excavator.

The small excavator was already half filled with diesel. Xia ruofei pressed the key and the excavator started to make a loud noise. The exhaust pipe started to emit black smoke.

Fortunately, the space had an automatic purification function. Otherwise, the air would be polluted in such an enclosed space.

Xia ruofei tried to move a few joysticks and quickly understood the basic operations of moving forward, backward, and operating a mechanical arm.

With the sound of the engine, Xia ruofei operated the small excavator to move forward, backward, and turn around. Then, he began to try to dig clumsily.

Ten minutes later, the familiar Xia ruofei called Xia Qing over.

Xia Qing was already stunned when she saw Xia ruofei operating the excavator while he was practicing. That big shovel could dig a big pit! If it was used to dig holes, it would be a peerless divine weapon!

So when Xia ruofei beckoned, Xia Qing immediately ran over, her eyes almost shining.

Xia ruofei began to teach Xia Qing how to operate the small excavator.

......

Considering that Xia Qing had Zero Foundation, Xia ruofei started to teach her how to refuel the machine. He told Xia Qing that the excavator was driven by diesel and that if there was no oil, she had to refuel the machine in time. The big Oil barrel behind her was filled with diesel.

Xia ruofei personally demonstrated and after teaching Xia Qing how to refuel, he began to talk about starting the engine, then how to move forward, how to retreat, and how to brake.

In the end, Xia ruofei taught Xia Qing how to operate the mechanical arm.

After explaining everything once, Xia ruofei let Xia Qing observe from the side. He explained again as he operated to deepen Xia Qing’s memory.

After that, Xia ruofei passed the excavator to Xia Qing and let her try it out. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Xia Qing had long been eager to try. After getting Xia ruofei’s approval, she immediately sat in the driver’s seat.

Xia ruofei hurriedly brought Blackie and the rest far away.

Xia Qing had never seen modern machinery before. Now, she had only listened to Xia ruofei’s explanation of the basic operations and then observed for a while. Xia ruofei himself was not confident, so he didn’t know how much Xia Qing could learn.

So, it was better to hide as far away as possible!

In any case, there was nothing in the mountain sea realm other than a few oak trees and the iron cage that kept the Hornet. The oak tree and the iron fence were still far away! Let Xia Qing do whatever she wants!

To Xia ruofei’s surprise, the excavator that he was most worried about did not go out of control.

Xia Qing’s driving of the excavator was a little shaky. It looked like she was moving very clumsily, but it seemed like she was operating it well.

He was seriously experiencing the basic operations such as forward, backward, turning, and so on.

After a while, Xia Qing began to try to use the mechanical arm.

This required the close cooperation of two control sticks, which tested the hand sensitivity.

In the beginning, Xia Qing couldn’t operate it well, but after a while, she was actually able to operate it well. With the sound of the engine, the mechanical arm of the excavator slowly pressed down, and Xia Qing quickly dug up a shovel of soil smoothly.

Then, he twisted the control stick, and the excavator quickly changed direction. He then controlled the mechanical arm to pour the soil to the side.

Xia ruofei was dumbfounded. Xia Qing’s learning ability was too strong!

The more Xia Qing played with the excavator, the more confident she became. After a short while, a large pit was dug in front of her, and a small mound of soil was piled up on the side of the excavator.

Even when Xia ruofei called for them to stop, Xia Qing was still not satisfied. She reluctantly dug another shovel of soil, then turned off the engine according to the procedure Xia ruofei had taught her, and jumped down.

“Master! This ... Excavator is so useful!” Xia Qing said with an excited expression,”with this, I will be able to open up my herb garden much faster!”

Xia ruofei laughed and said,”I bought it for you to use!” Xia Qing, you’ll start working today. You’ll be in charge of how the herb garden is set up and how the seeds are planted. I don’t care about the process, I only want the results!”

“Yes! Master!” Xia Qing said confidently,”just wait and see!”

“Use the excavator however you like. If you run out of diesel, let me know. I’ll go buy more!” Xia ruofei said with a smile.

“Yes, master!” Xia Qing said,”that’s right, master. I’ve already made the Da Hong Pao tea leaves that I picked last time into tea leaves. I’ll go get them for you now!”

After she finished speaking, Xia Qing jogged up to the middle of the mountain and took out a tin can from the stone room in the cave. Xia ruofei had prepared it for Xia Qing in advance to hold the Da Hong Pao tea leaves.