Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 698: Tao Yuan pharmaceutical factory (2)

Xia ruofei took the tin can. Once he opened the lid, he could smell the strong fragrance of tea. He grabbed a small handful of tea leaves and looked at them. The appearance was impeccable. It was definitely not inferior to the Da Hong Pao made by Mr. Li Zhifu.

As for the quality of the tea leaves, he would only know after they were brewed.

However, just from its appearance, the quality was definitely not bad!

Xia ruofei put the tea leaves back into the tin can and then carefully closed the lid. He smiled at Xia Qing and said,””Not bad, not bad! Xia Qing, thank you for your hard work!”

“Master, it’s nothing. It’s not worth mentioning,” Xia Qing said with a smile.

“In the future, as long as the tea leaves from the 12 parent trees can be harvested, you can immediately pick them. However, you can save them up a few more times before making them together.” Xia ruofei said,”the tea leaves won’t go bad in this space anyway.”

“Yes, master!”

Xia ruofei said a few more words, then with a thought, he left the spirit map space with the jar of Da Hong Pao.

After returning to the outside world, Xia ruofei saw that there was still some time before the canteen would open. Hence, he took the can of tea leaves downstairs to the living room and skillfully set up the tea set.

Then, he took out a small bucket of water from the spatial spirit pond and poured it into the kettle to boil.

Soon, an extremely strong tea aroma began to fill the living room of the small villa.

Xia ruofei lifted the tea cup to his mouth and sipped the clear tea.

The unique fragrance of Da Hong Pao spread in his mouth. Even Xia ruofei, who did not know much about tea, could not help but reveal an expression of reminiscence. He drank the remaining tea in the tea cup in one gulp, savored the aftertaste in his mouth, and then swallowed it in one gulp.

......

Top – grade tea!

They were also from the same 12 Da Hong Pao trees, and the Da Hong Pao that Xia Qing made was not inferior to the batch that Mr. Li Zhi Fu made.

Xia ruofei even faintly felt that Xia Qing’s craftsmanship seemed to be more natural. This tea had a natural charm that could make people reminisce for a long time.

Xia ruofei couldn’t think of any words to describe this cup of Dahongpao. After a long while, two words came to his mind.

Immortal tea!

That’s right! This tea should only be available in heaven, how many times could it be tasted in the human world!

Xia ruofei was very happy. This tea was great, whether it was for himself or for someone else.

He made another five or six cups of tea and found that the rich Tea fragrance had only weakened slightly, and the color of the tea had only become slightly lighter.

It seemed like this Da Hong Pao was even more durable than the ones made by li Zhifu!

Xia ruofei carefully covered the tin can and put it into the medium. He checked the space to see if it had the best preservation effect. There was no need to worry about the preservation problem of the tea leaves in the space.

……

In the next few days, Xia ruofei selected another 500 kun fish of suitable size from the medium.

These baby stingers gradually returned to the sea from the river. However, Xia ruofei was the absolute master in the spirit map space. He effortlessly picked out 500 of them and transferred them into the plastic box without the Stingers noticing.

Then, Xia ruofei drove the car out and dawdled outside for more than an hour before driving back. When he was about to reach the farm, he took out the plastic boxes containing the fry fish from the medium and neatly stacked them in the back of the pickup truck.

When Jiang Hua heard that there were more baby pomfrets, he carefully transferred the 500 baby pomfrets to the pomfrets cultivation workshop. He carefully selected an empty fish pond and set all the indicators before placing them in the pond.

On Feng Jing’s side, the negotiations were also progressing very quickly.

Min Jiang pharmaceuticals was also eager to sell these bad assets, and Tao Yuan company was also very sincere in acquiring them, so both sides made a certain concession. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

In the end, both parties agreed that paradise Corporation would purchase all of Min Jiang pharmaceutical’s shares for 23.5 million Chinese dollars.

Under Feng Jing’s insistence, the min Jiang Corporation would be in charge of the relocation of the former Min Jiang pharmaceutical workers.

However, Feng Jing also promised that under the same conditions, the pharmaceutical factory would give priority to hiring workers from Min Jiang pharmaceutical.

For Min Jiang group, there were many other industries besides the pharmaceutical company, so it was not difficult to arrange for these workers. Moreover, Tao Yuan company had promised to recruit a group of skilled and hardworking employees. This way, Min Jiang group would have less pressure to arrange for these workers.

Just like that, after five days of negotiations, the peach blossom company and Min Jiang group finally came to an agreement. Feng Jing and the General Manager of Min Jiang group signed the transfer contract, and Min Jiang pharmaceuticals was finally owned by the peach blossom company.

Feng Jing reported the entire negotiation and contract signing process to Xia ruofei.

However, Xia ruofei was addicted to being the boss and basically did not interfere with the acquisition negotiations. Even the final signature was done by Feng Jing.

Of course, for the contract to take effect, it required the company seal of the Paradise Corporation. This required Xia ruofei’s approval.

Very quickly, Min Jiang pharmaceutical company was renamed to Taoyuan pharmaceutical factory.

The first thing Xia ruofei did was to bring Feng Jing and Xue Jinshan along to interview the original Min Jiang pharmaceutical workers who had the intention to continue working in the pharmaceutical factory.

About 30 people passed the interview and stayed at Taoyuan pharmaceutical factory.

Among these people, there were basic frontline workers, production line maintenance engineers, and some management talents. Even the original Deputy factory manager of Min Jiang pharmaceuticals had come to participate in the interview and was hired by the peach blossom company.

Most of them were skilled workers. In Xia ruofei’s eyes, they were all talents!

After the acquisition of the pharmaceutical factory was completed, the more than 30 people who passed the interview and stayed were quickly assigned to the positions they were good at.

However, these people did not have much to do for the time being. As soon as the acquisition was successful, Xia ruofei had the pharmaceutical factory stop the production of the Chinese medicine produced by Min Jiang pharmaceuticals. There was no market for them and they would lose money every day the production line was opened. Naturally, Xia ruofei would not allow such a situation to happen.

After everyone was assembled, Xia ruofei brought Xue Jinshan into the sterile workshop and started to research the production process of the heart – nourishing soup.

This Chinese medicine production line was introduced last year and was quite advanced. The feeding, pre – processing, extraction, filtering, evaporation, concentration, and other processes were all controlled by computers.

Moreover, the entire process could be set up through a computer. After debugging the set parameters, it could also be packaged and saved in encryption.

This production line could produce different types of Chinese medicine. All he needed to do was to adjust the different parameter packages in the control computer to switch the production mode.

Of course, Xia ruofei didn’t need this function at the moment because the pharmaceutical factory would only produce one product in the short term, which was the heart – nourishing soup.

A few of the employees who had been retained by Taoyuan pharmaceuticals were production line maintenance engineers. Xia ruofei invited them to the sterile workshop and asked them to be his Masters. He explained the operation of the production line and the settings of the control computer in detail.

In fact, the parameter settings were all fool – proof, and anyone with a little bit of Software Foundation could master it with a little research.

After a few tries, Xia ruofei had basically mastered it.

So he began to write the various parameter indicators for the production of the heart – nourishing soup in the control computer.

The manufacturing parameters of the heart – nourishing soup were naturally the company’s top secret, so Xue Jinshan tactfully pulled a few production line maintenance staff and left the sterile workshop’s control room.

Xia ruofei sat alone in front of the control computer and started to enter the time, feeding order, temperature and other parameters into the computer according to the brewing process of the heart – nourishing soup.

On Xue Jinshan’s side, Xia ruofei didn’t let him idle either. He immediately sent him out to buy Chinese medicinal herbs to prepare for a trial production today.

It was impossible for the machines and equipment to be in place all at once. Only through continuous experimental production and enough failures would the various parameters be closer and closer to the optimal value.

Without the help of a professional engineer, Xia ruofei spent more than two hours to convert the production process of the heart – nourishing soup into parameters on the control computer.

Xia ruofei waved at Xue Jinshan, who was standing outside the glass, indicating that the first trial production was about to begin.

Xue Jinshan quickly followed Xia ruofei’s arrangement and put three of the herbs into the feed port according to the ratio.

Xia ruofei took a deep breath and pressed the red button on the control computer. The fully automatic production line immediately started ...