Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 701: College entrance examination time...1

After the meeting, the entire paradise Corporation was in action, especially Feng Jing’s entire administrative team, Xue Jinshan, and a few other pharmaceutical staff. They were so busy that their feet didn’t even touch the ground.

After Xia ruofei had assigned the tasks, he had some free time.

The only thing he did was to call Wu Liqian, the deputy head of the Changping County.

Wu Liqian was very supportive of Xia ruofei’s company when she found out that they were going to mobilize the villagers to plant Chinese herbs and that they were willing to sign the purchase agreement in advance. They would also provide technical support and certain subsidies to the villagers.

She immediately said that she would inform jianggang town and get the town to fully support this matter.

Wu Liqian asked Xia ruofei to contact her relative, the Deputy Mayor of jianggang town, Wu Gang. Wu Gang would then coordinate with the surrounding villages.

With the town government as a guarantee, the villagers would be more at ease.

As long as the profits from planting Chinese herbs were high enough, there would definitely be many villagers willing to sign a supply contract with the Paradise Corporation.

The next day, Xia ruofei personally called Wu Gang. Wu Gang received Wu Liqian’s instructions and expressed his full support. He also expressed his gratitude to the peach blossom company for supporting the economic development of jianggang town.

Xia ruofei then gave Wu Gang’s contact information to the marketing director, Xiao Qiang. Xia ruofei did not need to personally handle the rest of the matter.

Other than paying attention to everyone’s work progress, Xia ruofei could also take a break and spend some time with Ling Qingxue.

Previously, Xia ruofei had been too busy and often went out. He had very few opportunities to spend time with Ling Qingxue. The two young people who were in love had really indulged in this period of time and resolved the pain of lovesickness.

If he was not with Ling Qingxue, Xia ruofei would enter the spirit map space at night to check on Xia Qing’s progress.

...... Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

With that small agricultural excavator, Xia Qing was like a tiger that had grown wings. She quickly opened up a large piece of land on the flat ground at the foot of the mountain according to her plan. It was about 400 to 500 mu, and it extended all the way to the side of the big River.

By now, Xia Qing had already divided these lands into sections of medicine gardens.

In Xia Qing’s words, the arrangement of these medicinal gardens was very particular. What kind of medicinal herbs were most suitable for each plot of land had been carefully designed.

However, Xia ruofei couldn’t tell what was going on.

After soaking the seeds that Xia ruofei had brought, they had all been planted in the nursery. Many of the herbs had already sprouted and could be transplanted after they had grown a little.

These few days, Xia Qing had been making arrangements around the herb garden. For this, he had even specially asked Xia ruofei for some Jade materials.

Xia ruofei knew that Xia Qing had set up some small arrays that could promote the growth of medicinal herbs. Xia Qing was definitely an expert in this area, so he immediately followed Xia Qing’s request and bought enough Jade materials.

It wouldn’t be long before a huge medicinal garden would appear in the mountain sea realm. At that time, he would be able to harvest an endless supply of high – Quality medicinal herbs.

Xia ruofei found that this soul puppet, Xia Qing, was really the best Butler of the spirit map space. With Xia Qing, he didn’t need to worry about anything in the spirit map space. Xia Qing was in good order.

Three days later, Feng Jing completed Xia ruofei’s task as scheduled.

The exterior of the heart – nourishing soup was completely designed. The packaging was green in color, and the LOGO of paradise Corporation was marked in striking positions. A few simple lines outlined a heart – shaped ribbon.

Xia ruofei had seen this design before. At first glance, he felt that it was to his liking and immediately made a decision.

Very quickly, Feng Jing contacted a manufacturer to produce the packaging and paper according to the design.

However, the order this time was not large.

Because it was only a trial production and clinical trial, the heart – nourishing soup had not been approved to be on the market yet. Therefore, some instructions and text on the packaging box were not added.

In other words, the current design was only a semi – finished product. In the future, when it was officially put into production, more comprehensive medical information would be added.

Xue Jinshan was also actively contacting the provincial Food and Drug Administration. After the boxes and bottles that Feng Jing had ordered arrived, he immediately organized workers to carry out several trial production.

This time, it was an inspection of the entire automatic production, including the filling, sealing, packing, and other processes, which were all completed in accordance with the actual production procedures.

A day later, Xue Jinshan contacted the provincial Drug Administration to send someone to the Taoyuan pharmaceutical factory for an on – site inspection and to observe the production process and process of the heart – nourishing soup.

The whole process was recorded by the Food and Drug Administration, which was a necessary procedure. It had to be recorded on a CD and reported to the State Food and Drug Administration for record along with the opinions of the first trial.

After this process was completed, the Food and Drug Administration also randomly selected several samples and brought them to a third – party laboratory for testing to further confirm the active ingredients of the heart – nourishing soup that was produced in trial production. They also compared it with the data in the materials reported by the peach blossom company.

Originally, each process would take several working days, but with he kun personally watching over them, the process was greatly shortened. It could be said that this was the most efficient process in the history of the provincial Food and Drug Administration.

Soon, the Food and Drug Administration concluded from this on – site inspection that the Taoyuan pharmaceutical factory had met the drug production standards. There were no problems with the process of the trial production of the heart – nourishing soup, and the produced medicine was consistent with the description in the submitted materials.