Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 702: College entrance examination time.2

With this conclusion, the clinical trials could be carried out very soon.

Peking Union Medical College Hospital, as the Clinical Trial Unit, had already found test subjects and control groups. Of course, the patients participating in the clinical trials did not know whether they were the real test subjects or the control group.

Every year, a large number of people with autism went to seek medical treatment, and Peking Union Medical College Hospital was well – known in the country for its expertise in the field of Neurology. Chief physician Zhou Ping of Peking Union Medical College Hospital was also a well – known expert in the country, and he was very famous in the treatment of autism. Therefore, many patients came from all over the country.

For these parents of children with autism, they would hold on to even the slightest hope.

What’s more, the hospital had also explained that participating in the clinical trials would give the new medicine free of charge, and the pharmaceutical company would also give each patient a certain subsidy according to the time of the trial.

This was very attractive to families with autistic children who came from family difficulties.

Moreover, the hospital had specifically stated that the clinical trial was using a Chinese medicine. Even if the treatment effect was not obvious, there would not be any serious side effects under normal circumstances, let alone life – threatening.

This also made the parents less worried.

Therefore, Peking Union Medical College Hospital easily found test subjects and control groups.

After the provincial Food and Drug Administration conducted an on – site inspection, they quickly decided to start clinical trials.

Taoyuan pharmaceutical factory’s production line had also officially started operating. The heart – nourishing soup produced was packed and sent to Peking Union Medical College Hospital to produce the mass – produced heart – nourishing soup, which was specially provided to the clinical trial units.

This clinical trial would take at least one to two months, and he kun had done it on a special occasion to shorten the process as much as possible.

In fact, it would take at least a month for the heart – nourishing soup to show obvious effects. Hence, Xia ruofei was already mentally prepared for the time needed for the clinical trial.

......

Compared to the approval time for new drugs, which usually took several years, Xia ruofei was quite satisfied with the current progress.

……

Soon, it was June. Summer arrived particularly early in Sanshan city, and everyone began to change into short – sleeved shirts.

The clinical trials of the new drug were still in progress, and this matter could not be rushed. They could only wait patiently for the results.

Of course, Xia ruofei and Xue Jinshan were very confident in the efficacy of the heart – nourishing soup. They knew that the result would be good.

In fact, the heart – nourishing soup had already caused a small commotion in the pediatrics department of Peking Union Medical College Hospital.

Because the clinical trials had been going on for more than half a month, the symptoms of many children with autism in the experimental group had already improved significantly.

Originally, Peking Union Medical College Hospital did not think much of Chinese medicine for treating autism. In fact, whether it was Chinese or Western medicine, the general understanding of the medical world was that there was no specific medicine for autism.

Therefore, Peking Union Medical College Hospital only carried out the task that was jointly issued by the provincial Drug Administration and the provincial health and planning Commission with the attitude of carrying out the order.

He didn’t expect that under the circumstances where everyone thought it was impossible, this heart nourishing soup really had such an obvious effect. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

As industry experts, the pediatricians at Peking Union Medical College Hospital naturally knew what this meant for the treatment of autism around the world.

Therefore, these doctors were all very excited and took the clinical trials more and more seriously. Even the director of Peking Union Medical College Hospital began to pay attention to the trial.

Of course, according to the rules, Peking Union Medical College Hospital was not allowed to contact the manufacturer, let alone disclose the situation and progress of the clinical trials.

Therefore, Xia ruofei, Xue Jinshan, and the others were not aware of the situation at all. They just waited patiently in the company and sent a batch of heart – nourishing soup to Peking Union Medical College Hospital every three days as requested.

During this time, Colonel Jin Feng would appear at Tao Yuan farm every three days and bring back the Chinese medicine for general Zhao Cheng.

Zhao Cheng’s diabetes was also getting better. After half a month, the results showed that Zhao Cheng’s diabetes had basically recovered.

Xia ruofei’s own calculation of the time was about right, so he provided Jin Feng with the last dose of Chinese medicine and told him that after taking the medicine for the next three days, Zhao Cheng would not need to take any more medicine. As long as he followed the doctor’s advice and maintained a healthy lifestyle, the problem of diabetes would not appear again.

Zhao Cheng personally called from the capital to express his gratitude to Xia ruofei. He also said that he would come to the three mountains to thank Xia ruofei in person when he had the time.

Even elder song had asked song Rui to call Xia ruofei to express his gratitude.

Zhao Cheng was one of the key members of the song family. He played an important role in the consolidation of the song family’s power in the military. Xia ruofei’s treatment was equivalent to doing the song family a big favor.

Elder song naturally grew closer to Xia ruofei.

……

During this period of time, Xia ruofei often drove back to the city. It wasn’t to go on dates with Ling Qingxue. Instead, it was to go to Hu Zi’s mother’s place to check on Lin Qiao. She was about to take the most important exam in her life.

The college entrance exam was just around the corner.

Usually, Xia ruofei would only bring some Taoyuan vegetables, chicken, duck, fish, and other things to visit the mother and daughter when he was free.

Now that Lin Qiao was going to take her college entrance examination soon, Xia ruofei was more diligent. He would go to her house every one or two days. He would send her Taoyuan vegetables and koi fish from the space as if they were free. In fact, they were all his own property.