Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 710: Xue Fei shriveled in fear (1)

Xia ruofei soon saw a short and chubby figure by the railing on the third floor. It was Xue Fei, the boy he had seen at the gate of Cheng Nan high school the other day.

There was a girl beside Xue Fei. She was quite pretty, but her peach – shaped eyes made her look a little frivolous and Foxy. She had put on heavy makeup at a young age, making her look very flirtatious.

Obviously, Xue Fei had already seen Lin Qiao and was staring at her with cold eyes.

When Xia ruofei turned his head to look, Xue Fei was stunned for a moment. When his eyes met Xia ruofei ‘s, he felt an inexplicable chill in his heart and subconsciously looked away.

Xue Fei didn’t expect to meet Lin Qiao at Lijia electronics mall. He didn’t want to do anything to Lin Qiao in this crowded mall. In fact, he had already thought about how to teach Lin Qiao a lesson and was making arrangements. It wasn’t the time yet.

Hence, Xue Fei quickly put his arm around the girl’s waist and turned to leave without a word.

Xia ruofei looked deeply at Xue Fei’s back, then turned back with a normal expression.

From Xue Fei’s gaze, Xia ruofei could see the hatred this boy had for Lin Qiao and the viciousness that was beyond his 18 – 19 – year – old age. This made Xia ruofei even more vigilant.

Soon, the elevator reached the second floor. Xia ruofei said to Lin Qiao,””Qiao’ er, sit here and wait for me. I’ll go to the bathroom. ”

Lin Qiao nodded and said,”yes!” Brother ruofei, hurry up!”

Xia ruofei smiled and rubbed Lin Qiao’s hair affectionately.”I know, don’t run around! Otherwise, I won’t be able to find you later ...”

“I’m not a child anymore!” Lin Qiao glared at Xia ruofei in dissatisfaction.”Go!”

Xia ruofei then walked towards the washroom at the corner.

......

……

Xue Fei had already forgotten about his encounter with Lin Qiao. All he could think about was this girl.

The girl’s name was Wang Lina, and she was also a student of No. 8 high school. She was the prettiest girl in the class next to Xue Fei’s and Lin Qiao ‘s.

Xue Fei had been pursuing Wang Lina for a long time, but Wang Lina had always kept her distance. She neither rejected Xue Fei outright, nor did she get too close to him.

Wang Lina was obviously a very scheming girl. She knew that the things that couldn’t be obtained were the best, so she had always been a little reserved. Up until now, Xue Fei could only hold her little hand and put his arm around her waist. When he wanted to take a step further, Wang Lina would cleverly avoid him.

It gave him the feeling that he had the chance to win it immediately, but he just couldn ‘t.

Just like that, Xue Fei spent a lot of money on Wang Lina.

After the college entrance examination, Xue Fei had secretly made up his mind to get Wang Lina in bed.

Therefore, he gritted his teeth and decided to spend a fortune this time. He brought Wang Lina to the electronics mall and promised to buy her an Apple laptop.

A new Apple laptop that cost more than 10000 Yuan was very attractive to a high school girl. Even Xue Fei, the son of a government official, felt a little heartache when he spent more than 10000 Yuan in one go.

However, Xue Fei knew this very well.

When he swiped his card to buy an Apple laptop without hesitation, Wang Lina’s gaze on him changed. It was as tender as water!

Xue Fei took the opportunity to say that he had already booked a room at the nearby Wanhao hotel and suggested that he rest for a while before going for lunch.

Wang Lina also nodded shyly. Xuxu had been playing hard to get for almost a semester now. Wang Lina knew that if she didn’t agree now, this young master Xue might really fall out with her. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Moreover, Xue Fei was the son of the Deputy Mayor. There would be many benefits in the future if she got close to him. Wang Lina didn’t reject this kind of thing at all, so she agreed to it after half – rejecting it.

Xue Fei was elated. He held Wang Lina’s hand and walked towards the exit of the electronic City.

The two of them had just walked out of the electronics mall when they were blocked by someone.

Xue Fei frowned and was about to scold her when he suddenly felt that the person in front of him looked familiar. Then, he immediately remembered that Jian Jia was the person who was with Lin Qiao just now.

It was Xia ruofei. After he found an excuse to leave Lin Qiao’s side, he quickly found Xue Fei. Seeing Xue Fei walking out of the electronic City, he directly took a shortcut and waited outside.

Without waiting for Xue Fei to speak, Xia ruofei said indifferently,””Lin Qiao is my sister. If you dare to lay a finger on her, I will make your life a living hell. I will leave you with an unforgettable lesson.”

Xue Fei’s eyes flickered as he said,”I don’t understand what you’re saying!” Are you crazy? You’re speaking incoherently!”

Xia ruofei’s lips twitched and he said,””Xue Fei, don’t play dumb with me. You know best what I’m talking about. I’m here today to give you a piece of advice and a reminder, so that you don’t get into big trouble in a moment of rashness.”

Wang Lina, who was standing at the side, knew Xue Fei’s identity and background. Seeing this, she glanced at Xia ruofei with her foxy eyes and said sweetly,””Brother Fei, is this guy crazy? It’s inexplicable ...”

Before Wang Lina could finish her sentence, Xia ruofei suddenly took a step forward and stretched out his right hand. Xue Fei was shocked and subconsciously took a step back.

Then, to his shock, he realized that the knife he had been carrying around his waist had unknowingly landed in Xia ruofei’s hands.