Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 713: Xia’s rapid fire (1)

Xia ruofei stopped in his tracks and turned around with interest.””Challenge event? How do we challenge him?”

The shop assistant made an inviting gesture and said,””Please follow me!”

The shop assistant brought Xia ruofei and Lin Qiao to the other side of the store. There was a basketball machine standing by the door. It was the kind of basketball machine that was usually found in shopping malls or game centers.

The shop assistant said,”Sir, our store has been doing a promotion recently. All customers who spend more than 20000 Yuan in one go can get a chance to challenge the basketball machine. You will get different rewards for passing different levels. If you get a high score, there will be more prizes!”

Xia ruofei and Lin Qiao looked at each other and smiled.””Oh? Then tell me the details. ”

There was a sign next to the machine. The clerk pointed at the sign and said,””Sir, the specific rules of the challenge are all here. You can take a look first. If there’s anything you’re not clear about, you can ask me at any time.”

Xia ruofei nodded and looked at the sign.

It turned out that this shooting machine had a total of four levels and nine basketballs.

The first level was one minute, and 40 points were needed to pass the level. The prize for passing the level was a mousepad.

The time for the second level was 50 seconds. If you accumulated 150 points in both levels, you could pass. The prize for passing the level was an original Apple data cable.

The third level would take 40 seconds. You would need to accumulate 250 points to pass the level. The prize for passing the level would be an original wired mouse for the MacBook.

The time for the fourth level was 30 seconds. This was the last level, and the final accumulated score of 400 points would be awarded. The prize was the original Bluetooth wireless mouse of the MacBook.

The value of these prizes ranged from tens of Yuan to about 500 yuan. In addition, the prizes could not be stacked, and only the one with the highest value could be obtained.

......

This was actually a marketing campaign. This kind of shooting machine was very common in shopping malls and game halls. Xia ruofei had played with it before. Many people could play until the third or fourth round. It was not too difficult, so the prizes were not very high – end.

They had spent more than 20000 Yuan, so it was not a big deal to give away an original mouse that cost 300 to 500 yuan. Even if they did not play games, many times when they bought such an expensive computer, they would give away similar accessories.

However, Xia ruofei noticed that other than the above rewards, the shop had also set a record reward.

After completing all four levels, if the total score exceeded 400 points, one would be able to obtain the reward for clearing the level. The prize was an original Bluetooth wireless mouse.

If the total score exceeded 500 points, the prize would be upgraded to an ipodnano, which was worth about 1000 Yuan.

If the total score exceeded 600 points, the prize would be upgraded to an iPodTouch, which was worth about 1500 points.

Once the total score exceeded 700 points, the prize would be upgraded to an Apple smartwatch worth about 2200 points.

When the total score exceeded 800 points, the prize was upgraded to an iPad Pro worth about 5000 Yuan.

The main reason why the prize was so valuable was that 800 points was actually very difficult to achieve. Many basketball players could only get 600 to 700 points at most.

Although there were rumors on the internet that some amazing people could score more than 1000 points, they were very few.

The threshold of this challenge was very high. One had to spend more than 20000 Yuan in the store to have a chance. The probability of a shooting machine expert suddenly appearing among these consumers was too low. Therefore, the 700 – 800 points prize was actually more of a gimmick. Only a few people could really take it.

In fact, the event had been going on for more than ten days, and the most expensive prize in the store was an iPodTouch.

There was simply no one who could get prizes of the 700 or 800 – point level.

And 800 points wasn’t even the final grade.

According to the sign, if the total score exceeded 900 points, one could get a 13.3 – inch MacBookPro worth 15000 Yuan. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

With a total score of more than 1000 points, he would be able to win the ultimate prize, the “Qin Zhuan Apple Series” gift bag, which included a pair of beatsstudio head – mounted Bluetooth headphones worth 2300 Yuan, an Apple smartwatch worth 2200 Yuan, an iPhone 7plus worth 7000 Yuan, a top – end 12.9 inch iPad Pro worth 8500 Yuan, a 13.3 inch mabbook Pro worth 15000 Yuan, as well as Bluetooth mouse, Bluetooth keyboard, and other accessories. The total value was close to forty thousand Yuan.

Of course, this so – called ultimate prize was just a big cake drawn by the merchants. It was only theoretically possible to exceed 1000 points. Although there were legends on the internet that there were great people who could score more than 1000 points in shooting, there were probably only a few in the world who could reach this level.

Therefore, this was just a big gimmick for the merchants to promote their sales.

The shop assistant watched as Xia ruofei carefully studied the grand prize of 1000 points and couldn’t help but find it funny. However, Xia ruofei was a customer who spent more than 20000 Yuan in the shop, so he couldn’t rush him. He just stood aside and waited patiently.

After Xia ruofei finished reading, he asked,””Can I start the challenge now?”

“Please wait!” The shop assistant said,”please give me your shopping receipt.”

Xia ruofei took out the receipt and passed it to the shop assistant.

The shop assistant took out a small seal and stamped it on the receipt, indicating that this receipt had already experienced the basketball machine challenge.

“Sir, once you’re ready, you can challenge me at any time!”

Xia ruofei nodded and said to Lin Qiao, “Qiao’ er, how about I win you a Big Apple gift bag?”