Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 714: Xia’s rapid fire (2)

Lin Qiao smiled and said,”okay!” Brother ruofei, wait a moment! I’m going to record the entire process of your challenge!”

Then, Lin Qiao immediately took out her phone and switched the camera program to video mode. Then, she said,”We can start now!”

Xia ruofei smiled and nodded. He placed the laptop box aside and gestured to the shop assistant.

The staff immediately came over and operated the machine. The machine began by inserting coins, but this wasn’t a Game Hall, so the staff just had to adjust the machine’s parameters to start.

The shooting machine started to play music, and the first round was shown on the screen. Then, a five – second countdown began.

Some passing customers, as well as customers in the Apple Store, saw someone challenging the shooting machine and gathered around.

Soon, the five – second countdown ended, and the board on the machine was raised. Nine basketballs rolled down, and a 60 – second countdown appeared on the board. This was the time for the first round.

Xia ruofei immediately picked up a basketball and threw it without looking at it. With a whoosh, the basketball went into the net, and he got two points!

At the same time as the first ball was thrown, Xia ruofei’s other hand had already grabbed the second ball. Without any hesitation, he threw it with one hand.

He had also entered the frame with an empty mind, and had a total of 4 points!

Next, Xia ruofei shot from the left and right. The interval between each shot was extremely short, and each shot accurately hit the empty space.

The sound of the basketball entering the basket rang out, and the points displayed on the basketball machine rose rapidly, quickly reaching 180 points.

The onlookers couldn’t help but exclaim when they saw Xia ruofei’s shooting posture and the basketball flying towards the basket like a rapid – Fire cannon.

......

Some people realized that Xia ruofei had not missed a single shot so far. Every shot was hollow and it was pleasing to the eye.

The shop assistant was also a little dumbfounded. He had encountered an expert! Could this guy really break 800 points? Wouldn’t that be equivalent to giving away an iPad Pro?

As for the 1000 – point mark, the shop assistant didn’t even think about it because it was an impossible task!

Soon, the time entered the 20 – second countdown. At this time, the score for each shot became three points.

Xia ruofei continued to shoot with both hands and hit the bullseye without any mistakes. His score rose even faster.

If not for the fact that there were only nine balls and it took time for the balls to roll down after entering the net, Xia ruofei could have shot even faster.

Soon, the first minute of the first level passed. The board slowly rose and the basketball was left above.

In the end, the fixed score on the shooting machine showed a staggering 323 points!

Everyone couldn’t help but take a deep breath. Many people might not even get this score after four rounds, but Xia ruofei had achieved it in one round!

This score had already exceeded the third round’s score. This meant that even if Xia ruofei did not vote, he would be able to enter the fourth round smoothly. It would be easy for him to get the reward.

When they heard that there was a shooting machine expert, many people came over and the number of onlookers was increasing.

The shop assistant saw that the situation was not good and quickly ran into the store to call out the store manager and the others.

The manager’s face turned green when he saw the score for the first round on the machine.

This was the first time he had seen someone so good at shooting machines. Could this person be the legendary master of the shooting machine? was he here to win the prize on purpose?

However, the manager quickly dismissed the idea. He had noticed that Xia ruofei was about to leave after buying the things, but the staff stopped him and told him about the challenge. This meant that before Xia ruofei bought the laptop, he did not know about the shooting machine challenge!

Moreover, even if Xia ruofei was an expert who had come to win the prize on purpose, the shop owner could only pinch his nose and admit it. He had spent more than 20000 Yuan to participate in the shooting challenge. It was completely in line with the rules!

Lin Qiao watched the video and was also very excited. She couldn’t help but shout,””Brother ruofei, good luck! Good luck!”

Xia ruofei smiled and turned to look at Lin Qiao.

After the first level ended, there was another five – second countdown, and then the second level would immediately begin.

Soon, the countdown ended, and the second stage began.

This round lasted for 50 seconds. Due to Xia ruofei’s fast shooting speed, all nine basketballs were left on the board.

Xia ruofei waited for the ball to roll down before he shot out like lightning. He picked up the ball with one hand and threw it out without even looking.

The difficulty of the second level had already increased. The basket would move left and right.

However, Xia ruofei’s basketball seemed to have eyes. He accurately predicted the movement of the basket and still went into the net with a whoosh.

After the ball was thrown, Xia ruofei’s other hand had already grabbed the second ball and threw it out at a high speed.

Hollow frame!

What followed was a performance like a machine gun. The basketball kept flying into the basket and kept going in. It looked pleasing to the eye.

This works too? The onlookers couldn’t help but gasp.

The basket had already started to move left and right, but Xia ruofei still did not need to look at the frame. He still maintained his high shooting speed and 100% accuracy. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

The score was rising rapidly.

Was this guy even human? All the onlookers couldn’t help but have such a thought.

The store manager and staff looked even more serious. It seemed like they were really going to bleed today!

Lin Qiao was the only one who was trying her best to keep the phone steady while cheering for Xia ruofei.

Entering the last 20 – second countdown, the score became three points per shot, and the speed of the score increase was even faster.

At the end of the second round, the total score had reached a shocking 568 points!

It had only been two levels, but he had already cleared all the levels in advance. He had far exceeded the 400 points awarded for clearing the levels and even exceeded the 500 points awarded for the iPad Nano!

Everyone couldn’t help but think that he might really be able to exceed a thousand points!

However, the manager consoled himself. The last two levels only had 70 seconds in total. According to his field goal percentage and shooting speed, it should not be a problem to score 800 or 900 points. However, the possibility of him scoring more than 1000 points was too low ...

Just as everyone was having their own thoughts, the countdown to the third stage ended, and the stage officially opened!

There were only 40 seconds for this level. Xia ruofei activated the rapid – Fire mode again. Everyone felt that Xia ruofei’s shooting speed seemed to have increased, especially in the last 20 seconds of the three – minute mode. Xia ruofei’s shooting speed was obviously much faster.

And so far, he had maintained a 100% hit rate, which could be called a miracle.

By the end of the third round, his total score had reached a terrifying 791 points.

Everyone did a quick calculation. Although the third round took 10 seconds less than the second round, Xia ruofei’s score was not much different from the second round!

Doesn’t this guy get tired? His arms actually didn’t feel sore after throwing so many rounds? How was it possible to maintain such a fast speed and hit rate?

This was simply too terrifying!

There was no doubt that he would score more than 800 points, which meant that the iPad Pro, which was worth more than 5000 Yuan, was basically in his hands.

Moreover, with Xia ruofei’s stability, it would not be difficult for him to score more than 900 points. In that case, the 13.3 inch MacBookPro, which was worth 15000 Yuan, seemed to be in his pocket!

The only problem now was whether he could break through the legendary 1000 – point mark and get the Big Apple gift bag that would make people drool.