Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 740: Project completion (1)

Xia ruofei spent the entire afternoon browsing for news about paradise Corporation.

It was not an exaggeration to describe the public opinion on the internet as a tide of positive comments.

He had to admit that it felt good to see so many people praising the company that he had built with his own hands.

With the help of the trend of organic fruits in Tao Yuan, the name of Tao Yuan company was further established.

Now, it was not only in the southeast Region, but also in the country.

This was also due to Xia ruofei’s decision on the quota of Paradise Fruit. Although the channels of chain supermarkets like Walmart and Carrefour were not as good as Hengfeng premium fruit chain, they undoubtedly covered a wider range and were closer to the general public.

Of course, Xia ruofei’s thinking had always been clear. He wanted to use high – end and premium products as his brand positioning.

This time, it could be said that it was a good preparation. Xia ruofei’s strategy of creating a high – Quality product line for paradise Corporation finally saw results. The discussion on the internet was no longer limited to Paradise Fruit. Everyone was talking about paradise vegetables, iron maple, and even Drunken Eight Immortals wine with great relish.

When a company produced a high – Quality product, it would certainly receive everyone’s praise. However, when they launched several products in a row, and all of them were of the best quality in the industry, it would naturally attract widespread attention.

It was still too early to say that paradise Corporation was a phenomenal company, but there was no doubt that Xia ruofei and his team were on the right path.

It was foreseeable that once the big weapons like the wild Chinese perch and heart nourishing soup were listed one after another, the reputation of paradise Corporation would surely usher in another explosive growth.

While receiving a large number of positive comments and attention, the public account of paradise Corporation also received payment from various cooperative channels.

According to the statistics, the actual harvest was about 116000 pounds of lychees and 46500 pounds of cherries. According to the price set by Xia ruofei, after deducting the necessary channel fees, the peach blossom company had a total of 15.8 million Yuan.

......

The reason why it was about 3 million Yuan higher than the expected income was that some of Hengfeng group’s high – Quality fruit chain stores overseas were generally priced higher than the domestic price. Since Hengfeng group received a large share of the quota, it naturally increased the actual income of the Paradise Corporation.

About 15 million Yuan was not a large income for the Paradise Corporation. In fact, more than 20 million Yuan could be earned every month from the tin fengdou alone, and this was the normal income every month. On the other hand, the fruit company only had this income once a year.

However, as mentioned before, the meaning of Taoyuan fruit was not as simple as making money.

Now, the Paradise company was quite famous in the country, and even in the world. The hot sales of the Paradise Fruit were reported by the overseas media. Although it was only a small piece of news, it was still a good start.

Of course, due to the constraints of production capacity, in fact, none of the current products could be sold nationwide, except for the heart – nourishing soup that was about to be launched.

However, this problem was also being solved. At least, the production capacity of paradise vegetables should be able to increase soon.

The expansion and transformation of the farm had been officially completed.

There were 18 10 – meter – wide and 100 – meter – long modern film greenhouses, a professional small and medium – sized cold storage warehouse, a staff dormitory building, in addition to the completed iron maple manufacturing room, the Pomfret cultivation workshop, the supporting roads, greeneries, and the 10KV power line. All of them had been completed.

In this way, the number of vegetable greenhouses of Taoyuan company had tripled all of a sudden, and there were also cold storages dedicated to storing these expensive agricultural products, so the production capacity would soon increase.

Of course, what made the employees the happiest was the completion of the group dormitory building.

Although there were some apartments of different specifications in the mixed – use complex, the number was limited. As the company’s employees gradually increased, those apartments would definitely not be enough to be distributed. In fact, several new employees were already unable to get an apartment.

They could only temporarily rent a house in town and ride the electric bike to and from work every day, which was quite troublesome.

Everyone was looking forward to the completion of the staff dormitory.

Everyone had seen the effect drawings on the exhibition board at the construction site entrance and was looking forward to the staff dormitory.

Although it was a shared dormitory, Xia ruofei still paid great attention to the quality of life of his employees. Thus, this was not the mobile temporary house that the peasant workers lived in at the construction site. The narrow and stuffy space was squeezed with many bunk beds.

The construction and decoration standards of this group dormitory were quite high.

Each room was only arranged for two people. There were two 1.2 – meter wide beds placed side by side in the room. Each room also had its own bathroom and a shower room.

At the end of each floor, there was a public laundry room with three washing machines. Next to the laundry room was a laundry facility with three floor – to – Ceiling glass windows.

Inside the room, air conditioning, TV, Internet, and other facilities were very complete, including curtains, gauze curtains, bed sheets, blankets, and so on. All of them were of the same style, and it was quite warm.

It could be said to be a true move in with a bag.

From the details of this dormitory, one could see Xia ruofei’s love for his employees.Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m