Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 741: Project completion_2

In fact, after the company organized a tour of the completed dormitory, almost all the employees were touched. The company’s move also greatly increased the employees ‘sense of belonging.

In the long run, the benefits of doing so were undoubtedly great.

The completion acceptance ceremony for the expansion and expansion project of paradise Corporation was held on a sunny morning.

This time, Xia ruofei did not invite so many leaders and guests. He only held a small ceremony.

However, as the construction company, the CEO Liang Weimin still personally attended.

This was, of course, due to Xia ruofei’s personal relationship with Liang Weimin.

In addition, the Executive Deputy Mayor of jianggang town, Wu Gang, and the village director of Dongkeng village, ruan Fugui, also came to participate.

Wu Gang’s title of Deputy town mayor had the word “executive” in front of it, which was an affirmation of his work for more than a year. It was unknown if this had anything to do with his relative, Wu Liqian, but it must have something to do with him leading the introduction of a high – Quality enterprise like paradise Corporation.

This was a rather eye – catching political achievement!

Therefore, Wu Gang was very friendly to Xia ruofei. He did not have the reserved attitude of a local official.

Of course, after knowing that Xia ruofei and Wu Liqian had a good personal relationship, Wu Gang never put on airs in front of Xia ruofei.

The acceptance was basically just a formality. Liang Weimin had personally given instructions and sent the best construction team in the company. Manager li had also been watching the whole process. He paid more attention to the quality of the project than the general supervisor, so the entire expansion project was almost completed perfectly.

Naturally, Xia ruofei had complete trust in Liang Weimin’s company. Even if there were any flaws in the project, as long as Xia ruofei said the word, jianda group would immediately rectify it for free, regardless of whether it had been accepted and signed.

......

Therefore, everyone actually went to the newly built vegetable greenhouse, cold storage, and the staff dormitory. It was not so much an inspection as a tour.

After walking one round, Xia ruofei readily signed his name on the acceptance report.

As for the final payment for the project, Xia ruofei had actually instructed pang Hao to send it to jianda group before the acceptance.

This had been the case in the past, and their cooperation had always been very pleasant.

Then, Xia ruofei gave a short speech, expressing his warm welcome to Liang Weimin, Wu Gang, and ruan Fugui. He also expressed his sincere gratitude for the work of jianda group.

As the town leader, Wu Gang, was also present, Xia ruofei did not forget to declare that the peach blossom company would continue to increase its investment and strive to become bigger and stronger with Peach Blossom Farm as its Foundation. They would strive to create more employment opportunities for jianggang town and contribute more profits and taxes.

When Wu Gang heard this, he naturally beamed with joy. Whether or not he could take a step further, his greatest hope was pinned on this peach blossom company, which had brought him a bright political achievement.

After the acceptance ceremony, the Paradise company held a simple check – in ceremony to encourage the employees of the company to move into the new dormitory.

The dormitory building was basically completed more than a month ago. The reason for the inspection today was because they were waiting for the finishing touches at the greenhouse. The dormitory building’s decoration and furniture were all made of environmentally friendly materials. After going through formaldehyde tests, they were fully in line with living conditions.

Xia ruofei would not joke about his employees ‘health.

This staff dormitory was a bit similar to a hotel – style apartment. The facilities were complete and comfortable, but the area of each unit was not very large. There were more than 100 dormitories in the entire dormitory building, so now the housing supply in paradise company was not limited at all. Even the workers who worked here during the day and went home at night could be allocated to a lunch break room.

There were also many employees who had been assigned to single apartments in the mixed – use complex in the early stages who had taken the initiative to apply to move out and live in the collective dormitory.

The smallest apartment in the mixed – use complex had one bedroom and one living room. It came with a kitchen, bathroom, and a balcony. The living conditions were naturally better than the group dormitories. However, the number of apartments in the mixed – use complex was limited, so they had to prioritize the protection of middle – Management personnel. The company’s administrative team had not been fully assembled yet, but there would definitely be many middle – Management positions in the future.

Therefore, many employees took the initiative to leave the complex.

This also reflected the employees ‘sense of belonging to paradise Corporation. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

The first to suggest moving to the group dormitory was Lei Hu and the group of veterans in charge of security.

In Lei Hu’s words, the brothers were more used to living in the collective dormitory. It would be even better if there was a shared bed like in the past. Everyone lived together, talking, laughing, and playing. They could still vaguely feel the feeling of when they were in the Army.

Xia ruofei would not be stingy with his compliments for the employees who had moved to the group dormitory. He even decided to give them a “Fashion Award” to commend their noble character and integrity.

Although the employees rejected the reward, Xia ruofei’s attitude was firm. He would not allow them to reject the reward. He directly asked the finance department to transfer the bonus to everyone’s salary card according to the table calculated by the administrative department.

Xia ruofei also announced that this “fengshang award” would be kept and would be awarded to employees who treated the company as their home and had the spirit of the master.

At the entrance ceremony, the employees were very happy to receive the dormitory keys from pang Hao. They moved their simple luggage into the group dormitory. Other than some personal items, the dormitory was fully equipped with everything else, so they didn’t need to prepare anything themselves.

Then, Xia ruofei specially ordered a long string of firecrackers to be set off in front of the dormitory building, which instantly added to the festive atmosphere.

In any case, Taoyuan farm was far away from the city, so no one would care how many firecrackers were set off here.

After the settling – in ceremony, there was a dinner party that all the employees on the farm could attend.

Xia ruofei, Feng Jing, Wu Gang, ruan Fugui, Liang Weimin, and the others sat at one table, while the employees formed their own teams.

When they were preparing for the banquet, Xia ruofei had told Cao tieshu’s wife that the standards had to be high. He had to ensure that everyone would eat and drink to their satisfaction and not save money for the company.

In fact, this dinner party had indeed cost a lot. Dozens of kilograms of Taoyuan vegetables were consumed, and a large number of high – Quality ingredients were purchased from the Sam’s Club in the city.

In addition, Xia ruofei had also specially transferred five boxes of Drunken Eight Immortals wine from Ding Feng winery.

Of course, Xia ruofei did not bring out the Semillon that he had bought from Australia. After all, he had only imported 30 boxes of it the last time. Furthermore, the wine’s alcohol content was low. If he brought it to this gathering, it was possible that half of it would be drunk at once. That would be a waste of God’s gift.

Even so, everyone was amazed by the standard of this dinner. Although the employees usually worked on the farm, many people were reluctant to spend money to buy the farm’s paradise vegetables, which were too expensive.

Dishes made from Taoyuan vegetables could be seen everywhere on the table for this dinner. There were also expensive ingredients such as red sturgeons, wild ginseng, and nine – Section prawns, which gave many employees a great feast.

Wu Gang and the others were also full of praise for the Drunken Eight Immortals wine. Everyone toasted each other and the atmosphere of the gathering was unprecedentedly harmonious.

Xia ruofei had also informed Hu Zi’s mother and Lin Qiao in advance to not prepare the meal at home. They were to come to the staff cafeteria for lunch.

Xia ruofei even arranged for Hu Zi’s mother and Lin Qiao to sit at his table so that they would not feel uncomfortable sitting with unfamiliar employees.

Hu Zi’s mother looked at her new godson, Xia ruofei, holding a glass of wine and toasting at the table. The employees were all very respectful to him and she felt very gratified.

Lin Qiao, on the other hand, was almost full after eating for a while. She sat there with her brand – New iPhone 7plus in her hand and browsed through her WeChat moments.

Xia ruofei returned to his seat after a round of toasts from the staff. Lin Qiao, who was sitting on his right side, came over and said,”Brother ruofei, can you send me to the city tomorrow? It’s too troublesome to take the bus here. ”

“No problem!” Xia ruofei laughed and asked casually,”did you have something to do in the city?”

Lin Qiao said,”yes, our class monitor said in the group that there will be a graduation dinner tomorrow night. After dinner, we may go to sing. You can send me back to the city in the afternoon and don’t worry about me. The class reunion will definitely be late. I will go back to the forestry Bureau and spend the night there.”

Xia ruofei’s heart skipped a beat. The image of Xue Fei’s chubby face and his extremely dark eyes suddenly appeared in his mind.

The smile on Xia ruofei’s face couldn’t help but freeze, and a look of vigilance flashed in his eyes.