Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 745: Good intentions (2)

Although these Hornets were much larger than ordinary Hornets and looked a little scary, they were almost impossible to be discovered in a huge nightclub room with dim lights. They were undoubtedly very suitable for surveillance tasks.

However, no matter how strong Xia ruofei’s spiritual power was, he could only control the movements of the hornet’s bees. He could not share their vision. Whatever the Hornet saw could not be transmitted to Xia ruofei.

So he thought for a long time and came up with this idea. He fixed a super – tiny camera on the Hornet and transmitted the video to himself through wireless transmission. This was equivalent to sharing the hornet’s vision. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

The camera of this kind of miniature recording equipment was actually very small, not much bigger than a pinhole. Most of its volume was a power supply and a radio frequency module, which could transmit the captured video to the computer wirelessly.

The power source was actually a button – down battery. A new battery could supply the camera for five hours.

Xia ruofei had asked Lei Hu to send someone to the electronic shopping center in Sanshan city to buy the eight super – miniature cameras yesterday. He had not used any connections.

This kind of equipment was naturally not for sale, but as long as one had the money, it was still easy to buy.

Xia ruofei had tried it out yesterday. It was barely satisfactory. It was a far cry from the 4K high – definition recording equipment he had come into contact with in the Army. It was not on the same level at all. However, it was only for surveillance tonight, so the quality was still good enough.

Xia ruofei switched on all the micro cameras on the hornet’s body and took out a laptop from his storage space. He plugged the signal receiving module into the USB port and opened the client software that he had installed in advance yesterday.

Soon, eight images appeared on the screen, which were basically the hornet’s perspective. The images were still shaking because the Hornet was constantly flapping its wings and flying.

Xia ruofei used his mind power and the eight Hornets flew into the gap of the exhaust fan.

Room 605 and Room 607 were next to each other. Room 607 was a big bag, much bigger than Room 605, but the bathroom was next to the bathroom in Room 605. They were symmetrically distributed, and the exhaust above them were connected.

Xia ruofei looked at the computer screen. The screen first turned black, then black and white images appeared. The camera had night vision, but the night vision was not very good.

......

Although it was very blurry, at least there was a picture, so he could determine the direction.

Xia ruofei’s spiritual power could spread out to about 100 meters. Within 50 meters, he could precisely command the Hornet. He immediately guided the Hornet along the exhaust pipe to the bathroom next door and sneaked out through the gap of the exhaust vent.

Lin Qiao’s classmates were still having dinner. This private room was reserved, so it was dark inside.

Xia ruofei commanded the Hornet to fly around, looking for the best angle of surveillance.

Very quickly, Xia ruofei decided on a few spots. Some were in the shadows of the lights, some were above the chandeliers, and some were inside the curtain rail box. In short, they were all very hidden spots from all angles. Basically, they had no blind spots to monitor the entire room.

He even arranged for a Hornet to be in the bathroom.

Of course, Xia ruofei did not have the bad taste of peeking at other people in the bathroom. The position he had chosen was not facing the toilet.

After confirming the location, Xia ruofei called Ma Feng and the others back. He didn’t know when Lin Qiao would arrive. The battery of the Super – tiny camera could only last for about five hours. He couldn’t waste it at this time.

Xia ruofei turned off all the cameras and took out a small bottle of the spirit Heart Flower petal solution. He poured a small portion of it on the sink. With a thought, the hornet’s bees immediately swarmed over and stayed on the spirit Heart Flower petal solution.

This was Xia ruofei’s reward for the Hornets.

The petal solution seemed to have an unparalleled attraction to any living creature. Xia ruofei had tried and tested it many times.

The small amount of the spirit Heart Flower petal solution was quickly divided among the eight Hornets. Then, Xia ruofei kept them all into the spirit map space with a thought so that they could be nourished by the rich spirit Qi and recuperate in the space.

After checking the locations, Xia ruofei finally relaxed a little. He randomly selected a song from the song – ordering machine and set it to play on loop. Then, he leaned back on the soft sofa and closed his eyes to rest.

Lei Hu personally led people to watch over the live fish at the bridge Pavilion where Lin Qiao’s class had dinner. Xia ruofei was very assured.

And after analyzing and judging, Xia ruofei also thought that the possibility of Xue Fei harming Lin Qiao in the restaurant was very low.

Since all his classmates were there, and it was inconvenient to do things in a restaurant, it was different in a nightclub. In a dimly lit room, the young men and women must have drunk some wine. It would not be easy for Xue Fei to be discovered if he did something.

Furthermore, Xue Fei had arrived at Haojue nightclub a day earlier, which further confirmed Xia ruofei’s judgment.

Once Lin Qiao’s dinner was over and they started to change to the nightclub, Lei Hu would definitely inform him in time. Then, he would release the eight “reconnaissance soldiers”. This way, Lin Qiao’s safety would be under his control at all times.

If there were any sudden problems, Xia ruofei could just break in from the next room and not let Lin Qiao get hurt.

For Lin Qiao’s safety, Xia ruofei had put in a lot of effort and used all the skills he had learned in the Army.

And all of this was done behind Lin Qiao’s back.

Xia ruofei had promised Lin Hu that he would take good care of his mother and sister, so he thought it was reasonable for him to do these things for Lin Qiao. Besides, Lin Qiao was like a pure white paper. Xia ruofei didn’t want her to be exposed to the dark side of society so early, so he didn’t tell her his worries and just silently protected her from behind.

……

It turned out that Xia ruofei’s judgment was correct.

In a big private room of live fish under the bridge, Lin Qiao’s classmates were sitting around four round tables. They were eating and chatting, and the atmosphere was very lively.

It was a high school graduation dinner, and the college entrance examination had just ended. Everyone’s topic of conversation naturally revolved around the college entrance examination.

Therefore, when everyone knew that Lin Qiao’s estimated score was over 600, it caused a big sensation.

Lin Qiao transferred to this school in her third year of high school. Although her grades had been improving, she was only above average in this liberal arts class.

In all the mock tests before the college entrance examination, Lin Qiao’s total score never exceeded 600 points.

The difficulty of the college entrance examination this time was obviously higher than that of the mock exam, but Lin Qiao could actually estimate more than 600 points. This result could already be ranked among the top few.

Even the best student in the class, the commissary in charge of studies, had an estimated score of 610 or so, which was not much higher than Lin Qiao’s estimated score. There were essays for Chinese and English, and some subjective questions for liberal arts, so it was hard to say who had better scores.

This was definitely a performance beyond his level!

The students in the class looked at Lin Qiao enviously. However, this kind of “test – Type” candidate existed every year. Usually, she might not show off, but once she took part in the college entrance examination with real swords and guns, she would always be able to perform better than her usual standard. Therefore, no one felt that there was anything unusual about Lin Qiao’s results.

Xue Fei, who was sitting at another table, naturally knew about the situation. When he heard that Lin Qiao’s estimated English score was 140, he was so angry that he gritted his teeth and his face darkened.

He estimated that he had only scored slightly over 300 points in the college entrance examination this time. If it wasn’t for his father, who was the Deputy Mayor, he wouldn’t have been able to get into any school. Because of this, he had been criticized by his parents many times. Although Xue Zhengbang and his wife doted on him and didn’t bear to say anything harsh to him, he was still annoyed to hear his parents sigh the moment he got home.

Xue Fei cursed in his heart,”F * ck!” She did so well in her English test. If she just copied a few questions for me, I wouldn’t have failed to get 50 points! He had to vent his anger tonight!

Xue Fei thought to himself while looking at Lin Qiao who was sitting at the opposite table.

Xue Fei suddenly felt that this girl, who was usually very low – Key in class and very hardworking in her studies, was getting more and more beautiful the more he looked at her. Her figure and appearance could be called the best! He often skipped class and was always in a good mood with Hu Lili when he went to class. Lin Qiao was always in her loose school uniform, so Xue Fei didn’t notice that this transfer student was a beauty.

At the thought of the “program” that he had arranged for the night, Xue Fei suddenly felt his body heat up and his mouth go dry. He couldn’t wait to go to the nightclub ...