Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Chapter 79: I’m still too short on money (1)

The so – called new material was the core of the high – Quality Phoebe zhennan wood that had just been cut down. It had not been naturally oxidized for a long time to form crystals, which were the “gold threads” in the gold silk Phoebe. The piece of material that Liang Qichao gave Xia ruofei was new. Xia ruofei picked up the piece of material and recalled the information he had found on his computer last night. Then, he took out the buck Strider& 888 military dagger and made a few strokes on the wood. After that, he decisively cut it. The Phoebe zhennan’s Wood was very hard. However, Xia ruofei’s physical fitness had been greatly strengthened by absorbing the petals of the strange flower. Hence, he could still cut the wood into three pieces easily. The diluted petal solution from the previous seed soaking had not been poured out yet. Xia ruofei soaked the three pieces of wood in the solution. Then, he left the medium and stayed outside for an hour or two before going back in. The three pieces of wood had been soaked in the liquid for two or three days, so the remaining flower petals in the liquid should have been completely absorbed. Xia ruofei started to process the three pieces of wood. One of them was casually placed in the space. Xia ruofei dug a hole in the second piece of land and buried it with soil. For the third piece, Xia ruofei buried it in the mud at the bottom of the fish pond. Actually, Xia ruofei’s goal was very simple. He wanted to test how long it would take for a new material to form a golden thread crystal in the space. The first piece of wood was already in a natural state of oxidation. As for the other two pieces, Xia ruofei had an idea when he saw that this piece of wood was relatively large. He wanted to try and see if he could form the ebony with gold silk, which was also known as the Darkwood. Normally, wood would be buried underground or submerged in the water, and only after thousands of years would it become a high – Quality ebony. Xia ruofei wanted to see how long it would take for ebony to form in the spirit map space and the quality of the ebony. After everything was done, Xia ruofei could only wait. He believed that the results would be good. The spirit map space had given him one surprise after another. This time would be no exception. …… For the next few days, Xia ruofei did not go anywhere. He stayed in the villa. Other than preparing the vegetables for the two families, he practiced Tai Chi, took care of the cabbage in the backyard, or looked after the succulent plants and red Arowana in the interspace. In the meantime, he harvested another strange flower petal. As usual, he absorbed one of them and stored the remaining four. He had used up a few petals during this period of time for planting, and now he had a total of nine petals. This was Xia ruofei’s most precious possession besides the spirit painting. He carefully placed it in a preservation box and stored it in the medium. Most of the time, Xia ruofei liked to move the rocking chair to the balcony and read documents. The information was about planting and cultivation, as well as some precious food, medicinal herbs, wood, and other information he had collected on the internet. He sorted out the information by category and printed them out. Xia ruofei had been studying and planning for the future in his free time these days. On the third day, manager li came to Xia ruofei’s holiday villa with the project plan and budget. The first thing Xia ruofei looked at was the design rendering. It had to be said that manager Li’s standard was very high. From the design drawing, the whole farm layout was neat and tidy. On the entire piece of land in front of the villa, there were eight vegetable greenhouses that were ten meters long and 100 meters wide. There was a large fish pond further ahead. The rows of fruit trees on the mountain behind the villa were arranged neatly. The roads, which had obviously been optimized and calculated, connected the greenhouses, fish ponds, villas, and the back mountain. Landscape trees were also designed on both sides of the roads. It could be said that this design had presented an efficient and modern farm blueprint. Xia ruofei then looked at the budget. He couldn’t help but sweat a little. The design was good, but it was too costly ... As for the vegetable greenhouse, manager li provided two plans. One was a relatively simple arched Film Greenhouse, which cost about 15000 Yuan. The other type was a modern multi – story greenhouse, which could be installed with internal and external shade systems, thermal insulation systems, automatic irrigation, fertilizer systems, etc. The cost per mu was as high as 100000 Yuan. In other words, if they used the second plan, one greenhouse would cost nearly 150000 Yuan, and eight of them would cost 1.2 million Yuan. This was only the cost of the greenhouse. Including the land leveling, pond clearing, mountain renovation, road laying in the park, and so on, the total budget was about 2.2 million Yuan. Even if they used a relatively simple greenhouse construction plan, it would still cost 1.12 million Yuan. With Xia ruofei’s personality, he would naturally do his best. He currently had about 600000 on hand, and the gap in funds was as high as 1.6 million. Xia ruofei suddenly felt a headache coming on. He thought for a long time before saying to manager li,””Brother Li, I’ll take care of the Planning and Budget for now. I’ll think about it ...” Manager li could see Xia ruofei’s hesitation, but he knew that this Mr. Xia was young master Liang’s friend, so he did not dare to show any neglect. “No problem, no problem,” he said.”Mr. Xia, after you’ve considered it, or if you have any changes, please contact me at any time!” Xia ruofei smiled and said,”sure!” You’ve worked hard, brother li!” He politely sent manager li off, then walked back to the villa with the budget and plan books under his arm. They would definitely build it. This was something that was imperative. But, where did the money come from? Although he was not required to pay 2.2 million in one go, as the project progressed, the construction costs would have to be gradually settled. The construction of the farm would not take long, and his 600000 Yuan would not last long. The most important thing now was to get a sum of money. He needed at least one million Yuan. With 1.6 million Yuan in hand, he could basically last until the end of the construction. By then, with Xia ruofei’s current earning speed, it should not be a problem for him to pay the remaining 600000 Yuan. But where was he going to get this one million? Xia ruofei furrowed his brows and thought for a long time. In the end, he decided on the Jade. The last time he bought Jade at the spirit Jade house, Xia ruofei had come into contact with stone gambling for the first time in his life. The strong stimulation of “one knife for poor, one knife for rich, one knife for linen” was still fresh in his memory. Originally, Xia ruofei had no intention of gambling on stones. After all, no one in the world could see if there was Jade hidden under the stone. If he, Xia ruofei, kept bidding and the price rose every time he bought something, it would attract the attention of people with ulterior motives. Then, he would be in danger of exposing the spirit map. Therefore, he would rather start from a young age and slowly manage the Paradise brand. However, he was in urgent need of more than one million Yuan this time. Xia ruofei did not have any other ideas at the moment, so he could only think of a way to gamble on stones. As long as he was careful in the future and did not go or try to avoid stone gambling, it should not be too dangerous. After making up his mind, Xia ruofei no longer hesitated. He got up, took his bank card and all the cash, and drove straight to the antique Street of the flowers and birds market in San Shan city.