Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

9  Preliminary Plan

At the entrance of the Immortal Succulent Store, Xia Ruofei said helplessly.

"My dear classmate Ling Qingxue, I still have matters to attend to, so I shan't trouble you to send me off…"

Ling Qingxue smiled and asked.

"What matters are you attending to?"

"Of course I'm going to the bank to check the transactions!" Xia Ruofei said. "This is the first time I've earned so much money! How can I feel reassured if I did not check?"

Xia Ruofei purposely put on an unscrupulous look. Unexpectedly, Ling Qingxue did not show any disgust. Instead, her eyes lit up as she said.

"I happen to be going to the bank to settle some matters too! We're heading in the same direction! You should take my car!"

Xia Ruofei could only smile bitterly and nod.

He was not a blockhead and could naturally tell Ling Qingxue's feelings. However, he had no impression of this beautiful girl at all. Moreover, he had contracted a terminal illness, so he did not want to have any more emotional entanglements.

However, Ling Qingxue was so proactive that Xia Ruofei could not bear to reject her.

Soon, Ling Qingxue drove the latest Porsche 911 sports car over and smiled at Xia Ruofei.

"Get in!"

…

The Porsche 911 sped through the streets of Three Mountain City like an orange bolt of lightning, attracting many attention along the way.

In the car, Ling Qingxue kept looking for a topic to chat with Xia Ruofei about. Xia Ruofei could only reply casually to each sentence she said, making the atmosphere a little awkward.

Actually, Xia Ruofei's mind was not on Ling Qingxue at all. His mind was spinning non-stop as he thought about his next step of plan.

Xia Ruofei already had a basic plan in his mind, which was to cultivate the succulent plants.

Succulent plants had always been popular in Japan and Korea. Perhaps it was due to their cute and cute appearance that attracted people, or perhaps it was due to the intentional hype by the merchants, but in any case, succulent plants had inexplicably become popular in China these few years.

The price of many succulent plants rose as well. Since Xia Ruofei had a "killer tool" like the Spiritual Map Space in his hands, his "money path" to cultivating succulent plants must be very bright.

Xia Ruofei had initially decided to sell the seedlings of the succulent plants.

This was mainly out of safety considerations. Even though the Spiritual Map Space was in his hands, and it was not difficult for Xia Ruofei to cultivate the plants to their mature form, everyone knew that the growth period of succulent plants was very long. If he sold a large number of mature and rare succulent plants, it would definitely attract the attention of people and cause unnecessary trouble.

Comparatively speaking, it was much safer to sell the seedlings. There were also quite a number of businesses on the Internet that do the same, but the quality of their seedlings was not always great.

As for the sales model, Xia Ruofei planned to rely on online platforms.

Now that e-commerce was so advanced, people's shopping habits had already changed. Moreover, most succulent plants grew well in shade and dry environment, so long-distance transportation was not a problem.

Furthermore, the quality of the products would definitely be very high. Xia Ruofei was confident that he could create a well-known e-commerce brand. It was not impossible for him to monopolize the market of high-end succulent plants.

Of course, the most important thing was that he could conceal the fact that he didn't have a piece of land or a large shed, yet he was able to cultivate many rare succulent seedlings.

If he had to do transactions in real life, it would be very difficult to cover it up. Instead, if he was doing online sales, these troubles could be avoided.

"Looks like I'll have to research how to open a shop online when I get back…" Xia Ruofei thought to himself.

Ling Qingxue, who was driving, suddenly asked.

"Actually, you don't remember me at all just now, right?"

As he thought about his own matters and dealt with Ling Qingxue, Xia Ruofei was naturally distracted.

Hence, Xia Ruofei nodded subconsciously and said.

"Yeah!"

After he said that, Xia Ruofei finally reacted to it and turned to look at Ling Qingxue awkwardly.

"Uh… you… how did you know?"

Ling Qingxue smiled and said.

"I'm not stupid, how could I not tell!"

After saying that, Ling Qingxue smiled sweetly again. With one hand on the steering wheel and the other reaching out to Xia Ruofei, she said.

"Let's get to know each other again! My name is Ling Qingxue, and I graduated from Three Mountain City No. 2 High School. I'm now the financial manager of the Ling Ji Restaurant chain!"

Three Mountain City No. 2 High School was both Ling Qingxue and Xia Ruofei's alma mater. It was when Ling Qingxue was studying at No. 2 High School that the seed of love sprouted in her heart and Xia Ruofei's figure was engraved in her mind.

Xia Ruofei reached out to shake Ling Qingxue's hand and smiled. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

"This is the first time I've heard someone introduce herself with her high school…"

Ling Qingxue playfully stuck out her tongue and smiled.

"Isn't this to remind you of the past?"

After she made a small joke, Xia Ruofei was not as awkward as before. His mind did not wander off again and he started chatting with Ling Qingxue.

Even though Xia Ruofei did not have any other intentions, her beauty was still very pleasing to the eye. It was precisely because Xia Ruofei's thoughts were pure that he did not feel pressured by the difference in wealth and status between the two of them. He had always been very calm.

Unexpectedly, this made Ling Qingxue award additional impression points to him.

Soon, the car arrived at the bank. Xia Ruofei opened the car door and got out. He turned around and said.

"Qingxue, thank you for sending me here! Goodbye!"

"Oh, right, Mr Xia. Why have you returned to look fo rme? Could it be… that you still have some 11:48

high-quality succulents like the Ice Lantern Jade Dew for sale?"

After saying that, Xia Ruofei prepared to walk into the bank. Ling Qingxue quickly stopped him.

"Ruofei, we haven't seen each other for so many years. Shall we find a place to catch up later?"

"I really have something on today. Let's find another chance next time!" Xia Ruofei said.

It was the hardest to accept a beauty's kindness! Xia Ruofei practically ran into the bank.

Ling Qingxue looked at Xia Ruofei's retreating figure and could not help but laugh. Then, she wrinkled her nose and said.

"This time, God let me meet you again. Don't think of running away from me again!"

Ling Qingxue then stepped on the accelerator and drove the Porsche 911 away from the bank.

After driving a few meters away, Ling Qingxue patted her forehead and muttered to herself.

"Aiya! I can't believe that I forgot to ask him for his phone number… Hmph! Liang Qichao definitely has it. I'll get it from him…"

Recalling how awkward Xia Ruofei was when she exposed his lie, Ling Qingxue could not help but burst into laughter. Her pretty face looked even more radiant.

Through the glass window of the bank, Xia Ruofei saw Ling Qingxue's car drive away. He let out a long sigh of relief and walked out of the bank quickly. He just made up a lame excuse to check his accounts. He had set an automatic notification from the bank, so he had received a text message when the transaction was made earlier.

…

An hour later, Xia Ruofei appeared at the Immortal Succulent Store again.

The moment he entered Liang Qichao's office, Xia Ruofei looked around subconsciously. Liang Qichao could not help but laugh.

"Don't worry! Ling Ji's little princess has already left. Liu Minghao and the rest also left not long after you left."

Xia Ruofei heaved a sigh of relief and smiled sheepishly.

Liang Qichao hesitated and said.

"But… Mr Xia, Qingxue called to ask for your contact number… I didn't ask for your permission before giving her your number. I'm really sorry! I really can't reject her request…"

Xia Ruofei smiled and waved his hand.

"It's okay. Since she wants to obtain my number, even if you don't give it to her, she can still find it."

"It's good that you don't mind…" Liang Qichao heaved a sigh of relief.

Then, he asked with a hint of anticipation.

"Oh, right, Mr Xia. Why have you returned to look fo rme? Could it be… that you still have some high-quality succulents like the Ice Lantern Jade Dew for sale?"