Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 804: Inspecting the territory (2)

Translator: 549690339

This was also why every time the space was upgraded, the density of the spirit Qi would also increase correspondingly.

Seeing that Xia ruofei didn’t have any other instructions, Xia Qing went to deal with the seeds of the vegetables and fruits.

Xia ruofei had bought a large number of plastic packing boxes of all sizes and kept them in the space. They could be stacked together when they were not in use and did not take up much space. When they needed to store things, this kind of tidying box was very useful.

Xia Qing poured the seeds into the sorting box and carefully stuck the corresponding labels on the box. Then, she mixed the petals of the spirit Heart Flower with the spirit pool water and began to soak the seeds.

Now with Xia Qing, Xia ruofei didn’t need to come in every few days. When the petals of the spirit Heart Flower grew again, Xia Qing would pick and place them in time.

Now, the production of the spirit Heart Flower petal solution was much higher than before. After Xia Qing’s improvements, seven petals could be grown at a time. In addition, the usage of petals had not increased significantly during this period of time. Therefore, Xia ruofei’s stock of spirit Heart Flower petals had reached more than 50 petals.

Moreover, the spirit heart tree had yet to be improved to its optimal state. In its ultimate state, the spirit heart tree could grow nine petals at a time. At that time, the production of petals would be even greater, completely able to meet the demand of the peach blossom company after its expansion.

Soon, Xia Qing soaked all the seeds in different types of plastic sorting boxes. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

This time, the number of seeds was a little large. He had used up dozens of boxes. There wasn’t much empty space in the Archean realm, so these boxes were almost placed beside the spatial spirit pond.

After processing these seeds, Xia Qing began to pick the iron – Skin Dendrobium.

As for Xia ruofei, he was strolling around the Archean realm and patrolling his own territory.

Because time was 30 times faster, the crops grew very quickly. Xia ruofei could feel the significant changes every time he entered.

The Phoebe zhennan trees had already formed a lush forest. The diameter of the largest one was close to the one he sold to Grandpa Tang He last time.

Even with the addition of the flow of time, these Phoebe zhennan trees definitely could not grow so thick. The main reason was that the unique environment in the space also greatly promoted their growth.

The ginseng seeds that Xia ruofei had casually scattered back then had already multiplied into an entire ginseng field.

Heart – shaped leaves of ginseng could be seen everywhere under the shade of the trees. There were also red seeds growing on the top of a large number of ginseng plants. After these seeds fell off naturally, they would grow new ginseng after going through the survival of the fittest.

It could be said that it was inexhaustible.

If not for the fact that he was worried that taking out so many high – Quality wild ginseng at once would raise suspicion and lower the market price, Xia ruofei would have been able to become a billionaire overnight if he dug out all the ginseng in the origin space.

This was not an exaggeration at all.

Of course, Xia ruofei would not do such a stupid thing. He would only take out one or two from time to time, or when he was in urgent need of money, he would dig out a few to exchange for money.

Opposite the Phoebe zhennan forest was a small tea forest.

The tea trees that were directly cut from the 12 parent trees, Da Hong Pao, were growing well. The whole tree was filled with tender green tea leaves. Xia ruofei walked over and smelled a refreshing fragrance.

The other small piece was the “third – generation Da Hong Pao” that had been cut using the branches of these 12 tea trees. They had also grown very well, only slightly smaller than the 12 “second – generation Da Hong Pao.”

Although three generations had passed, the branch cutting was an asexual reproduction. It could basically preserve all the characteristics of the previous generation. In addition, the space had such a superior growing environment. Xia ruofei believed that the tea leaves produced in this tea forest would not be much worse than the mother tree, Da Hong Pao.

He decided that after some time, when these “third generation Da Hong Pao” tea trees grew a little bigger, he would let Xia Qing pick some tea leaves to make a batch of Da Hong Pao.

Besides, Xia ruofei also planned to plant some tea trees in the mountain sea realm.

The space in the Archean realm was still too small, and it was impossible to grow them on a large scale. Xia ruofei felt that he could transplant the tea trees into the mountain sea realm after they grew to a certain extent.

The mountain and sea realm could be said to be vast and boundless. Although the tea trees planted there could only be harvested twice a year, they had the advantage of being able to be planted on a large scale, and the yield was also very impressive.

Of course, Xia ruofei would only let Xia Qing use the 12 Da Hong Pao trees ‘branches to carry out repeated cutting. He didn’t want to create a “fourth generation Da Hong Pao” again.

After visiting the Phoebe zhennan and the tea trees, Xia ruofei went to the fish pond.

There were many blood – Red Dragons raised here. They lived in the spirit map space all year round, so the quality of these blood – Red Dragons was naturally extremely high. Whether it was the tightness of their scales, the hair color, or their overall performance, they were all close to perfect quality.

Since Xia ruofei’s last visit, these blood – Red Dragons had grown a lot.

Xia ruofei thought to himself,’it seems like it’s time to sell a few more fish, or the fish pond will be too crowded.’

Ever since Xia ruofei had sold a few high – Quality blood – Red Dragons at Ling Xiaotian’s house, especially a pair of bright purple Dragons, Ling Xiaotian’s circle of friends had been in an uproar.

Especially Guo Qinglin, who was lucky enough to buy a brilliant purple red Dragon last time. He would post it on his WeChat moments every two days, showing off his best red Arowana.