Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 805: Inspecting the territory (3)

Translator: 549690339

This made li Zongheng and Xu Desheng, who had returned empty – handed last time, envious and jealous. Some other rich fish friends also expressed their envy and were eager to ask where such a high – Quality Red Arowana was bought.

They did not have Xia ruofei’s contact information, so the fans went to find Ling Xiaotian.

Ling Xiaotian had been quite pleased with himself during this period of time. Many people were begging him to buy red Arowana. In the WeChat group created by his fish friends, there were all kinds of flattering voices.

Ling Xiaotian had also called Xia ruofei a few times, telling him that if he had the channels, he should hurry up and get a few more pairs of the high – Quality Red Dragons from last time. He said that there were a bunch of bosses waving their money and waiting to buy them.

Simply put,”stupid, rich, come quickly!”

However, Xia ruofei had been very busy recently, especially when the approval of the new medicine had just started. He had almost no free time, so he had to delay it time and time again.

Of course, as the saying goes, good things take a long time to come. How could such a high – Quality Blood Red Dragon be available to them immediately? Only a Supreme – grade blood – Red Dragon would appear after being summoned for thousands of times!

From a psychological point of view, this was the only way to get a higher price.

Xia ruofei made up his mind. He would make preparations in the next two days and ask Ling Xiaotian to organize a small – scale auction. Then, he would choose a few pairs of good blood – Red Dragons from the medium and Exchange them for some cash.

Xia Qing was still busy harvesting the iron – Skin Dendrobium, and Xia ruofei did not disturb him. He went directly to the mountain and sea realm and drove the all – terrain vehicle around.

The mountain sea realm occupied a vast area, but there were not many crops planted there.

At the foot of the mountain, there was an Oak Forest. Xia ruofei had previously transplanted it from the Archean realm. However, it was not yet truffle harvesting season, so there was nothing much to see.

The herb garden that Xia Qing had taken care of was in good order. However, because the flow of time here was the same as the outside world, it would take some time to harvest high – Quality herbs.

The Hornets stayed in their territory obediently. Xia ruofei watched from outside the wire fence for a while. The thumb – sized Hornets were coming in and out of the huge hive.

If one were to see such a terrifying Hornet in the outside world, it would definitely send chills down one’s spine.

However, when Xia ruofei saw them, he liked them from the bottom of his heart. These Hornets were so useful. Not only were they killing weapons, but they could also be used as a surprise attack.

Xia ruofei had already used the Super – miniature camera on the Hornet twice to investigate, and both times, he received unexpected results.

Without Blackie, fluffy one, fluffy two, and the others in the space, it became even quieter. The sound of the space River also became louder.

Xia ruofei drove the all – terrain vehicle along the river and soon arrived at a small beach. The space ocean was just outside.

Xia ruofei could feel the Stingers swimming happily in the sea.

The Stingray had also grown a lot.

The ocean was the most suitable environment for Stingray to grow. They would only mate and lay eggs in the river during the breeding season.

The current ecosystem was the most suitable for pomfrets. Xia ruofei only needed to let them grow naturally and he would not have to worry about the young ones in the future. He could also directly catch mature pomfrets from the sea and enjoy this rare delicacy that was almost extinct in the outside world.

Looking at the not – so – vast ocean, Xia ruofei suddenly felt that it was a waste of natural resources to raise a few pomfrets in the ocean. It was a waste of the unique environment.

It could be said that the rich sea had brought countless gifts to humans. Many top – Quality ingredients were produced in the blue sea.

The realm had an ocean that belonged to itself, which gave it endless possibilities of development. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Xia ruofei stood by the sea and his thoughts started to wander ...