Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 815: Crazily hugging money (3)

Translator: 549690339

The number of people attending the auction this time was obviously much more than the last time.

Li Zongheng and Xu Desheng, who had returned empty – handed last time, naturally rushed over immediately. There were seven or eight other successful entrepreneurs in the southeast province and even the surrounding provinces. They were all friends of Ling Xiaotian’s high – end fish friends group.

Although the lack of the purple Dragons disappointed the big bosses, the quality of the three pairs of Blood Dragons was rare. They were definitely of the highest quality.

Hence, the bosses were very enthusiastic about bidding.

As more people gathered, the competition became more intense. In addition, li Zongheng and Xu Desheng were determined to win this time, and their bidding was very straightforward and decisive, so the auction price also rose steadily.

In the end, the three pairs of blood red Dragons brought Xia ruofei nearly 20 million in income. On average, each pair was more than 6 million. This price was much higher than the last transaction.

Li Zongheng and Xu Desheng managed to buy the Blood Red Dragon as they wished. Although they lost a lot of money, they were both smiling and their depression for the past few days was swept away.

Of the remaining bosses, only one of them won the last pair of Red Arowana at the price of seven million. The others had come for nothing.

Hence, after the auction ended, they surrounded Xia ruofei and asked him to buy a few more pairs of such high – Quality Red Arowana as soon as possible.

Xia ruofei, who had just received 20 million Yuan, was in a great mood. Naturally, he smiled and promised Wanwan that someone would give him money. Why not?

However, Xia ruofei did not let the money get to his head. He knew that he had to control the pace. The next auction should be held at least one to three months later. Otherwise, if he kept bringing out the best quality blood red Dragons, it would definitely arouse suspicion. It would also give the customers the impression that these blood red Dragons came easily. It would be difficult to get a higher price.

After returning from Ling Xiaotian’s place, Xia ruofei had nothing to do again. Even Lin Qiao was busy. Only Xia ruofei had nothing to do, so he just walked around and looked around.

In the blink of an eye, a week had passed.

The production of the iron – Skin Kaede bucket was nearing its end. Xia ruofei called Mr. Lin from the Jiangsu and Zhejiang Province in the morning.

President Lin had been anxiously waiting for a week. After receiving the call, he booked a plane ticket to Sanshan without a second word.

In the morning, Qin Xiaojun and the others had finally finished the production of the iron – skinned maples.

Xia ruofei had already prepared a precise electronic scale. After weighing the iron – hide kaedeans, the final result was a total of 151.6 kilograms.

Xia ruofei pondered for a while and decided to supply Mr. Lin with 130 kg. The remaining 21.6 kg was to be sold on his company’s e – commerce platform.

According to the agreed supply price, 130 kilograms of iron – hide kaedeos could be exchanged for 22.1 million Yuan, while Tongren Hall’s selling price was 220000 Yuan per kilogram. According to the agreement, peach blossom company could only sell them on the e – commerce platform at this price and could not maliciously reduce the price to compete.

In this way, if the remaining 21.6 kilograms of tin kaedos were all sold on their own, the Paradise Corporation could still earn 4.752 million Yuan.

In other words, this batch of iron – Skin maples could bring in an income of 26.85 million Yuan. In addition to the nearly 20 million Yuan that Xia ruofei had earned from selling the Blood Red Dragon a few days ago, Xia ruofei had made more than 45 million Yuan in one week! ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Including the money that Mr. Lin had earned from the wild ginseng, Xia ruofei had earned more than 50 million Yuan in one week.

This speed of making money was simply crazy!

Taking advantage of the fact that President Lin and the rest had not arrived, Xia ruofei immediately asked Qin Xiaojun and the rest to distribute the 130 kilograms of iron maple buckets. The other 21.6 kilograms were sealed and packaged, and handed over to the security team of Lei Hu to watch over the Pixiu closely. This was a product worth nearly five million Yuan! It was never too much to be careful.

Lei Hu had just taken away the 21.6 – kilogram metal Kaede bucket when the Mercedes – Benz that Xia ruofei had sent to the airport to pick up CEO Lin had already entered the farm.