Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 83: Sudden change (1)

Now that there was no problem with the funds to build the farm, Xia ruofei called Liang Qichao on the way and told him that they had decided to use manager Li’s plan and asked him to help arrange the construction team. Naturally, Liang Qichao didn’t agree. He patted his chest and promised that he would hire the best construction team and the best workers to do this project. He also asked manager li to personally keep an eye on the construction site to ensure the quality of the project. Xia ruofei said a few polite words and didn’t talk much with him as he was still driving. He only said that he would buy him a drink next time to thank him and then hung up. After throwing the phone on the console, Xia ruofei sped up. He couldn’t wait to go home and study that unremarkable raw stone. At the villa in the suburbs. Xia ruofei carried the Jade and the raw stone and hurried upstairs. After locking the door and windows in his bedroom, he couldn’t wait to take out the spirit painting and the black raw stone. As for the bag of Jade that was worth 300000 Yuan, he threw it aside. With the previous two experiences, Xia ruofei picked up the raw stone and communicated with the spiritual map. Of course, Xia ruofei was also a little uncertain. After all, the previous spirit paintings had directly absorbed Jade. The one in his hand was only a raw stone. It was still unknown whether it could absorb it. However, it was soon proven that his worries were unnecessary. The moment Xia ruofei’s mind connected with the spirit map, he felt a suction force. Then, the dark origin stone in his hand was sucked into the spirit map. It fell directly into the unfurled scroll and disappeared without a trace. Xia ruofei didn’t expect things to go so smoothly. He was stunned for a moment before he came back to his senses. He couldn’t wait to enter the spirit map space. In the next moment, Xia ruofei appeared beside the spatial spirit pond. After the familiar dizziness passed, Xia ruofei looked around and was stunned. The size of the space was still about four acres, and there was no change. He quickly looked at the nameless plant again. The corollas of the strange flower that he had just picked were still bare, and there were no new strange flowers growing. Could it be that the conditions for evolution had not been met after absorbing the raw stone? Xia ruofei suddenly had this thought. But it didn’t seem like it. This was because Xia ruofei could clearly feel that after the spirit painting absorbed the black rough stone, the spiritual connection between him and the painting had clearly strengthened. As soon as he entered the space, Xia ruofei could feel that the air in the space was fresher. It was as if the entire space was filled with a faint spiritual Qi that nourished everything in the space. Xia ruofei could feel that in such an environment, even without the change in time flow, the plants and animals would grow much faster than the outside world. All the signs indicated that the spirit map space had evolved. Could it be that the evolution was not complete enough? Xia ruofei thought to himself. He thought of the bag of Jade outside and immediately left the medium. He took out the bag of Jade worth 300000 Yuan and the remaining piece of Jade from the last evolution. Then, he would let the spirit map space absorb all the Jades. This spirit painting scroll also didn’t refuse anyone. It was like a bottomless pit. After a while, the jadeite worth more than 300000 Yuan was completely absorbed. Xia ruofei returned to the medium. Unfortunately, the anticipated scene did not appear. The space was still about four mu, and the strange flowers did not regrow. Xia ruofei walked back and forth in the medium unwillingly. When he left the spirit Jade house, Xia ruofei was full of hope that this dark origin stone would be able to evolve the spirit map space again. After all, this was the first time the spirit map space had vibrated on its own and Xia ruofei could feel that its anticipation was stronger than ever before. Xia ruofei did not expect that after he took out the raw stone and let the scroll absorb it, he would obtain such an “incomplete” evolution. After absorbing more than 300000 Jade, there was still no change. Xia ruofei left the spirit map space in frustration. After sitting on the bed in a daze for a while, Xia ruofei picked up Gu Piao’s painting and looked at it carefully. Then, he tried to connect to the spirit painting with his mind. After a few evolutions, Xia ruofei’s spiritual connection with the spirit map had become closer. Every blade of grass and tree in the spirit map space seemed to be right in front of Xia ruofei. He used his spiritual sense to check every inch of it, hoping to find the reason why the evolution was incomplete. Xia ruofei’s mind was completely immersed in the space. He did not realize that while he was trying to establish a connection with the spirit map, the spirit map started to emit a green light. Xia ruofei’s mind was still scanning the spirit map, inch by inch, and the light from the spirit map scroll was getting brighter and brighter. After breaking through a critical point, the spirit painting suddenly floated in the air. It hovered in the air for a moment before it suddenly accelerated and shot straight towards Xia ruofei’s forehead like a bolt of lightning. Xia ruofei’s eyes were slightly closed as he communicated with the space telepathically. He was not on guard in the bedroom, which was a safe environment. Moreover, the speed of the spirit map was too fast. Everything happened in a flash and the scroll had entered Xia ruofei’s forehead. Xia ruofei suddenly felt a sharp pain. Then, he felt as if his head was about to be torn apart. Even though he had gone through hellish training in the Special Forces and had developed an extraordinary willpower, he could not help but scream. The unbearable pain continued. Xia ruofei felt as if his head was going to explode. He held his head and rolled on the ground in pain. A minute later, Xia ruofei’s vision turned black and he passed out. After a long time, Xia ruofei finally woke up. Everything that had happened was like a dream, but the pain was so deep that even Xia ruofei, who had a strong will, could not help but shiver. However, at this moment, it seemed that nothing had happened. He checked his body and found that he was not missing any parts. Even the headache had disappeared without a trace. What had just happened? Xia ruofei could not understand. At this time, his gaze inadvertently fell on the bed, and his expression changed drastically! The spirit painting that he had placed on his bed was nowhere to be seen! This spirit painting scroll could be said to be the foundation of Xia ruofei’s life. Without the magical space in the spirit painting scroll, everything would return to its original point. Xia ruofei broke out in a cold sweat. He kept trying to recall what had just happened, trying to find the reason why the spirit map scroll had disappeared. At this moment, Xia ruofei subconsciously lowered his head and revealed a shocked expression. He could not help but open his mouth wide ... [PS] I’ll be on Sanjiang recommendation this week. Please give me your Sanjiang tickets. Qidian’s readers can get one ticket every day. It’s free and is on the old website, Sanjiang channel. After getting it, the voting will also be on that channel page. It’s a little troublesome. Thank you, everyone!Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com