Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 825: Beating up the unscrupulous reporter (2)

Translator: 549690339

Lin Yue ‘e rushed up and pushed Huang Zhenyu, saying,””Get lost! What right do you have to slander old Luo? Quickly get lost!”

Squad leader Luo’s older sister quickly hugged Lin Yue ‘e from behind, and the scene was in a mess.

Huang Zhenyu smiled and said,”alright!” Since you don’t want to answer this question, then I won’t ask. I heard that Luo Zhicheng’s mother also passed away unfortunately and will be buried today. Can you tell me the specific situation? Had she always been in poor health? Luo Zhicheng’s accident in the Army, did you keep it from her?”

The villagers couldn’t help but start cursing.

“Don’t you have any shame? If it wasn’t for you, would aunt Luo have died from anger?”

“This is too much!”

“Your conscience has been eaten by dogs! You’re really shameless!”

…… Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“What are you doing? What are you doing!” Huang Zhenyu scanned the agitated villagers and said loudly,”what are you unruly villagers trying to do? Don’t you want to try the taste of prison food?”

Lin Yue ‘e was so angered by this shameless so – called reporter that she almost fainted on the spot.

Huang Zhenyu saw the villagers ‘fearful expressions again and smiled smugly. He said to Lin Yue’ e,””Don’t misunderstand! I’m here today for the interview and to pay my respects to the old lady. I interviewed her a few days ago! I didn’t expect him to be gone in just a few days, sigh ...”

Huang Zhenyu sighed pretentiously and was about to walk into the house.

Of course, he wasn’t so kind as to come and pay his respects to the old man, because before he walked, he signaled the two cameramen to quickly follow Yingying so that they could take more photos.

The old lady’s coffin was parked in the central room. The coffin was not covered before the funeral. If the cameraman went in, it would mean that the old lady’s body would be photographed. This was a big taboo in the countryside.

Lin Yue ‘e and squad leader Luo’s older sister were blocking the entrance. Lin Yue’ e shouted,””What are you guys doing? I already said we don’t accept interviews! You guys get out!”

However, how could two women compete with three tall and strong men? Huang Zhenyu said as he squeezed forward, even using his hands to push Lin Yue ‘e away.

Very quickly, Lin Yue ‘e couldn’t stand steadily and was pushed to the side. Naturally, the path opened up for her.

Huang Zhenyu’s mouth twitched, and he was about to step into the courtyard.

At this moment, Huang Zhenyu felt his vision go dark. A tall figure was blocking the door, completely blocking the way.

It was Xia ruofei, who had been washing up in the courtyard and had rushed out when he heard the noise.

Xia ruofei had heard the entire argument just now. The anger in his chest was burning, and his eyes were filled with cold killing intent.

Without waiting for Huang Zhenyu to react, Xia ruofei had already reached out and grabbed his neck, then strode forward.

Huang Zhenyu subconsciously reached out to pry Xia ruofei’s hand away. However, Xia ruofei’s hand was as tight as an iron hoop. How could he pry it away?

As soon as Xia ruofei took a step forward, Huang Zhenyu could not help but stagger back. What was worse was that Xia ruofei’s grip was so tight that Huang Zhenyu was already having difficulty breathing and his face quickly turned red.

“You ... You ... Let ... Me go!” Huang Zhenyu said with difficulty.

Xia ruofei did not say anything. He just looked at Huang Zhenyu coldly. However, that cold, emotionless gaze made Huang Zhenyu shiver. At this moment, he felt as if he had seen the god of death.

Huang Zhenyu had no doubt that Xia ruofei would really kill him.

At first, the two cameramen were secretly excited. They quickly turned their cameras around and started filming Xia ruofei.

Nowadays, people who beat up reporters didn’t have a good ending. After all, the news media controlled the mouthpiece!

However, the cameraman quickly realized that something was wrong. It seemed like Wanwan was going to kill someone!

Didn’t he see that reporter Huang’s face was turning purple? He would suffocate to death if he continued pinching!

The cameraman quickly put down his camera and rushed over to pull Xia ruofei away.

However, it was as if Xia ruofei had eyes in the back of his head. He gave a Swift and clean back kick, causing one of the cameramen to take a few steps back and crash into the other. The two of them fell to the ground in a sorry state.

Huang Zhenyu could already feel his vision turning black. If Xia ruofei were to hold him for a few more seconds, he would definitely be strangled to death.

At this moment, Xia ruofei let go of her.

Huang Zhenyu quickly covered his neck and took in deep breaths. For the first time in his life, he felt that air was so precious.

Xia ruofei only looked at Huang Zhenyu coldly, waiting for him to catch his breath.

Huang Zhenyu had finally recovered a little. He glared at Xia ruofei while panting and said,””You ... You dare to hit a reporter! I’m going to ruin your reputation! I’ll send you to jail!”

Xia ruofei didn’t say a word. He went forward and grabbed Huang Zhenyu’s collar, lifting him up with a light force.

Huang Zhenyu, whose feet were off the ground, screamed in fear,””What do you want to do? Quickly put me down!”

At this moment, Lin Yue ‘e had also regained her senses. She hurriedly called out,””Ruofei, don’t do it. Put him down ...”

Although Lin Yue ‘e didn’t understand the details of lone Wolf’s mission, she had some understanding of the combat skills of the assault team members. She knew that Xia ruofei and the others were all combat experts and had terrifying strength.

If Xia ruofei went crazy, the reporter might really be killed by him.

Xia ruofei turned around and glanced at Lin Yue ‘E. He smiled and said,””Sister – in – Law, don’t worry about it. I know what I’m doing!”