Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 827: Well done (1)

Translator: 549690339

Huang Zhenyu saw that Xia ruofei was walking towards him again. He was so scared that he dodged backward with all his might, and he even cursed,””Don’t be too arrogant! You’ll see how powerful the police are when they come!”

Xia ruofei did not take Huang Zhenyu’s threat to heart at all. As he walked, he raised his voice and said,””Fellow villagers, you’ve all been deceived by him. China’s laws don’t stipulate that reporters have the right to interview at all. Instead, every citizen has their own right to privacy and has the right to refuse interviews! This son of a B * tch is pulling a Tiger’s skin and making a big flag!”

Huang Zhenyu’s unscrupulous behavior had already aroused public anger, and Xia ruofei’s satisfying way of doing things made the villagers clap their hands in joy.

After the villagers heard Xia ruofei’s words, they were even more enraged. They pointed at Huang Zhenyu and scolded him.

A few of the short – tempered villagers even pretended to step forward and hit Huang Zhenyu.

Huang Zhenyu was so frightened that he shouted,””Don’t mess around! Hitting someone is illegal! Beating up a reporter is even more of a crime!”

“Go to hell!” A young man spat and said,”reporters are amazing! You even dared to use the interview rights to scare us! If I don’t teach you a good lesson, I won’t be able to get over it!”

“Attack together! I don’t believe the government can lock us up!”

“Beat him to death!”

The villagers all gathered around him, feeling indignant.

Lin Yue ‘e saw that the situation had gone out of control, and Xia ruofei had even slapped Huang Zhenyu a few times. She was burning with anxiety and quickly said,””RUO Fei, quickly persuade everyone. Otherwise, something will really happen!”

Xia ruofei waved his hand and said loudly,””Fellow villagers, calm down! Don’t get yourself into a lawsuit because of a scumbag!”

Although Xia ruofei was a foreigner, his actions had won the hearts of the people. So, everyone stopped once he spoke.

Lin Yue ‘e heaved a sigh of relief when she saw that Xia ruofei had managed to control the situation. Although Xia ruofei had already beaten up someone, at least no one had died. There was still room for change.

Unexpectedly, after Xia ruofei finished his sentence, he grinned and said,””Something like teaching a scumbag a lesson ... Just leave it to me!”

With that, Xia ruofei suddenly appeared in front of Huang Zhenyu in a flash. Before everyone could react, he gave Huang Zhenyu a flying kick in the stomach.

Huang Zhenyu suddenly felt a huge force coming at him, and his body flew backward involuntarily. Immediately after, he felt a sharp pain in his stomach and vomited on the spot.

Xia ruofei’s ghostly figure followed closely behind. He aimed at Huang Zhenyu’s legs on the ground and stomped them without hesitation.

Kachaa! Kachaa!

Two sickening sounds were heard. Huang Zhenyu was stunned for a moment, staring straight at his legs that had already appeared to be strangely twisted. Then, his nerves transmitted an intense pain to his brain.

Huang Zhenyu howled like a pig being slaughtered, rolling on the ground in pain.

“RUO Fei!” Lin Yue ‘e cried out involuntarily. She was so frightened by this sudden change that her face turned pale.

It was a pity that Xia ruofei’s movements were too fast. Lin Yue ‘e did not have any time to react. When she cried out, Xia ruofei was already standing in front of Huang Zhenyu with his arms crossed.

The villagers and the two cameramen gasped at the same time. This young man’s methods were too ruthless!

A lot of people had experienced fighting, but the scene of someone’s legs being stepped on and broken was rarely seen even in movies. Today, they had seen it with their own eyes, and it was extremely shocking.

Even though Huang Zhenyu was a bad person in the eyes of the villagers and everyone wanted to beat him up, they could not help but feel fear when they saw Xia ruofei’s attack.

Xia ruofei looked at Huang Zhenyu rolling around in pain with a normal expression, as if he had just done something insignificant, just like patting the dust off his body.

Very quickly, Huang Zhenyu’s voice became hoarse. He weakly called out to the two cameramen,””You ... You’re not calling the police? Hurry ... Hurry ... Call the police to arrest him!”

Then, Huang Zhenyu stared at Xia ruofei with a face full of hatred and shouted hysterically,””You ... You’re dead! You’re dead ...”

Xia ruofei’s mouth twitched. He did not take Huang Zhenyu’s threat to heart. He turned around and glanced at the two cameramen indifferently.

One of the cameramen was secretly taking out his phone. When Xia ruofei looked at him with a half – Smile, he was so shocked that he dropped his phone on the ground.

Xia ruofei pouted and said,”you guys better behave!”

“My fellow villagers! Do me a favor!” Xia ruofei shouted,”watch those two guys. Don’t let them make any calls!”

“Don’t worry! Whoever dares to move, we’ll beat the sh * t out of him!”

“Leave it to us!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Yes!” The villagers responded.

Huang Zhenyu wanted to cry but had no tears. All this time, he had felt that he had a Halo around him. Wherever he went, people would flatter him. He was afraid of negative reports. He did not expect that he would suffer such a big loss in this remote village today. Now, he could not even make a call for help.

Huang Zhenyu and the other two naturally did not dare to act rashly under the watchful eyes of the villagers.

However, Lin Yue ‘e was very clear that if this matter continued to be in a deadlock, it would be impossible to resolve it in the end.