Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 830: Shattered fantasy (1)

Translator: 549690339

Song Rui didn’t say anything else and treated this matter as his own. The song family’s connections in Ganjiang province were all mobilized.

At the Luo family’s Gate.

After Xia ruofei hung up, he smiled and said,”Fellow villagers, disperse! There’s no need to surround me so tightly ...”

The third granduncle, who had guided Xia ruofei at the village entrance yesterday, said worriedly,””Little descendant, if we don’t keep a close eye on these guys, what should we do if we report them to the authorities?”

Xia ruofei laughed and said,”old man, it’s fine!” I’ll watch them and they won’t have a chance to call the police! Besides, we’re not afraid even if we call the police. This kid can’t even save himself now, he can’t do much more ...”

The villagers were convinced by Xia ruofei’s words, so they quickly dispersed and no longer surrounded the three of them.

However, these simple and honest villagers were not at ease to leave. After dispersing, they stayed in the vicinity and chatted in twos and threes.

Huang Zhenyu had heard Xia ruofei’s phone call with his own ears. He was a little nervous, but at the same time, he didn’t believe it. He felt that Xia ruofei was bluffing. He could already see that Xia ruofei was Luo Zhicheng’s comrade. What power could a foreigner have in Ganjiang province? Moreover, Xia ruofei had been talking about the head of the publicity department of the Ganjiang Provincial Party Committee and the head of the political and legal department. It was as if Ganjiang province was run by his family. This was even more unbelievable.

“Hey! What do you want?” Huang Zhenyu asked sternly,”let us go quickly! Otherwise, you’ll be charged with illegal detention!”

Xia ruofei looked at Huang Zhenyu indifferently and said,””Don’t worry, your leader will come to pick them up later!”

“Tsk! Do you really think that Ganjiang province is your family’s business?” Huang Zhenyu said disdainfully,”stop bluffing! Hurry up and let us go!”

Xia ruofei couldn’t be bothered with this clown – like reporter. He pouted and walked away.

No matter how efficient song Rui was, he would definitely need time. Moreover, guhuang County was still in the mountains. It would take time for the people from Gan River to arrive.

Hence, Xia ruofei simply asked a villager to bring some stools from Lin Yue ‘E’s house and invited everyone to sit down and rest. He even took out some cigarettes and distributed them to the villagers. Then, he also took a stool and sat not far away from Huang Zhenyu and the other two.

As for Huang Zhenyu and the two cameramen, naturally, no one would get them a stool. Huang Zhenyu fell to the ground and groaned in pain from time to time, while the two cameramen squatted down dejectedly.

Xia ruofei smoked his cigarette calmly, looking very confident.

Whether it was Huang Zhenyu’s group of three or the villagers, they were all a little apprehensive. Huang Zhenyu and the rest were worried that Xia ruofei was not bluffing. If he really had a strong backing, they would be in deep trouble. On the other hand, the villagers were worried about the opposite. They were afraid that Xia ruofei had deliberately made the phone call in front of everyone to save face. The problem could not be solved if the stalemate continued.

The Luo family’s funeral procession carried aunt Luo’s coffin out of the door and went up the mountain to the graveyard. Lin Yue ‘e, who was wearing mourning clothes, looked at Xia ruofei worriedly as she left the house. Xia ruofei returned her a confident smile.

Time passed by just like that. The atmosphere at the scene was quiet and somewhat oppressive.

After about half an hour, Huang Zhenyu’s phone suddenly rang, breaking the oppressive atmosphere.

Huang Zhenyu was shocked and subconsciously looked at Xia ruofei. Although Qianqian refused to admit it, Huang Zhenyu was indeed scared of Xia ruofei.

Xia ruofei pouted and looked to the other side. He was obviously not going to care about him answering the phone.

Only then did Huang Zhenyu carefully take out his phone. In the process, many scenes of the hostage-taker’s clever suggestion to call the police flashed through his mind. He thought about how to subtly convey the news of his imprisonment through the person who called.

However, when he saw the caller’s number, all these messy thoughts were swept away.

It was Lu Yang, the director of the provincial entertainment channel, who was the head of the entertainment channel. For Huang Zhenyu, even the director of the reporter Department was an important figure that he could not get close to, let alone the channel’s director. He had only been selected to be transferred to the entertainment channel by bribing a Deputy Director of the reporter Department.

On his first day of work, Huang Zhenyu had entered the phone numbers of all the channel leaders in his contacts book into his phone. However, he was not qualified to contact leaders at Lu Yang’s level, so he naturally did not call even once.

Huang Zhenyu did not expect director Lu to call him personally this time.

He said in his heart,”could it be that my luck is going to change?” “Recently, I’ve had a lot of highlights in my work. I’ve caught a few pieces of breaking news in a row. Even director Lu has noticed me ...”

It had to be said that Huang Zhenyu’s utilitarian heart was really too strong. It was just a call from a channel director, but at this time, he had completely thrown his current unfavorable situation out of the clouds.

Huang Zhenyu held all kinds of fantasies of soaring to the sky and hurriedly answered the phone. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Director Lu, Hello!” He said in a flattering tone. May I ask for your instructions?”

Lu Yang’s cold voice came from the phone,””You’re Huang Zhenyu from the press department?”