Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 84: Spirit map entering the body (1)

Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Xia ruofei suddenly realized that there was a faint mark on his right palm. It was the shape of an unrolled painting. The mark was very faint and could not be discovered if one did not look carefully. However, Xia ruofei had been thinking about the spirit map scroll, so he noticed the mark at first glance. He raised his hand in surprise and examined it carefully. After examining every detail of the mark, he was even more certain that it was a spirit map scroll. Why did the spirit painting scroll disappear, and why did an identical imprint appear in his palm? Xia ruofei could not help but frown. A moment later, a light bulb went off in Xia ruofei’s head. He could not help but Pat his forehead. He realized that he had been too far away in his panic. If he wanted to find the location of the spirit map, the fastest way was not to use his eyes. Xia ruofei immediately calmed down and used his mind to communicate with the spirit map. Sure enough, his mind instantly established a connection with the spirit map scroll, and this connection was much closer than before. Then, Xia ruofei saw with his own eyes that the mark on his palm flashed slightly, and then the ancient spirit map scroll appeared in his hand out of thin air. Seeing this familiar picture, Xia ruofei’s heart settled. As he gradually calmed down, he began to think about everything that had just happened. The bone – piercing pain still left him with lingering fear. Xia ruofei did not know what had happened, but it seemed like ... He had just absorbed the spirit painting into his body? Moreover, he could summon it at any time with a single thought. Xia ruofei looked at the painting in his hand and an idea came to his mind. He immediately used his mind to communicate with the spirit painting scroll again, thinking of taking it back. As expected, the spirit painting scroll disappeared, and the faint mark appeared on his palm again. Xia ruofei was overjoyed. He tried it a few times and was soon able to take out or put away the scroll with great familiarity. Xia ruofei was now sure that the painting had merged with his body. This change surprised Xia ruofei. Xia ruofei had always been troubled by the issue of confidentiality. Although the possibility of his spirit painting being lost or stolen was very low as a Special Forces elite, covering up the spirit painting itself was a big problem. It was still fine since it was winter, and they were wearing thick clothes. It would be hard to find them if they were hidden close to their bodies. However, Xia ruofei could not think of any good ideas in the summer. And now, all the problems were solved. The spirit painting scroll had been integrated into his body, and he could take it out at any time when he needed it. Usually, it was just a tiny mark on his palm. As long as Xia ruofei paid more attention, it would be impossible to notice. This was really an unexpected surprise! Xia ruofei summoned the spirit painting scroll from his palm and entered the space. After absorbing more than 300000 Yuan worth of Jade, the size of the space did not change. It was still about four acres. The strange flower had not grown yet, but Xia ruofei was in a good mood. He was even happier than the previous two space evolutions. Furthermore, Xia ruofei could feel that the entire space was filled with a trace of spiritual energy. He felt relaxed and happy. The succulent plants, vegetables, and fruits also looked more energetic than before. It was clear that this evolution didn’t upgrade the realm, but it brought great benefits. In the future, the growth of crops in the realm would definitely be faster, and with time flowing 20 times faster, the speed would be even more amazing. Xia ruofei first picked the ripe vegetables in the medium and stored them properly. At the same time, he sowed and planted again. While doing these things, he was even more determined to focus his vegetable planting on the outside world. With the unique conditions in the Yingying space, he had to speed up his pace of making money and plant something more valuable. Thinking of this, Xia ruofei immediately went to check on the new material of the Phoebe zhennan. He had buried two of them, so he was checking the Phoebe zhennan wood that was naturally placed in the medium. Xia ruofei looked at it carefully and his face lit up. The surface of this piece of Phoebe zhennan wood already had traces of a crystalline substance. Under the light, it flickered. Although it was not a beautiful gold color, the speed was already quite amazing. Xia ruofei had only placed this piece of Phoebe zhennan wood in the medium for three to four days. Under the speed of time that was 20 times faster than normal, it had only been two months at most. In the outside world, it would take at least half a year for natural oxidation to reach this level. This was enough to prove Xia ruofei’s judgment that it was absolutely feasible to plant goldsilk nanmu in the medium. The next step was to find suitable high – Quality nanmu trees to transplant. The 70 – centimeter Phoebe zhennan that Liang Qichao mentioned was a good choice. Such a huge Phoebe zhennan had already formed its core and had a good foundation. In the spirit map space, with the flow of time 20 times faster and the “killer” flower petals, Xia ruofei was confident that he could make it grow in a relatively short time even if the growth rate of the Phoebe zhennan was frighteningly slow. However, this matter had to be put on hold for a while, because Xia ruofei did not have enough money. A 70 – centimeter Phoebe zhennan tree would cost at least a few hundred thousand Yuan. Although Xia ruofei had more than two million Yuan in cash, he did not have much left after spending it on the farm. He could only give Liang Qichao a call to see if he could reserve this tree and trade with it after a while. Xia ruofei couldn’t help but sigh.”By right, I’m already earning money far faster than the average person, so why do I always feel like I’m short of money? Thinking about the astronomical amount of Jade needed to upgrade the realm, Xia ruofei could not help but have a headache. However, he had to take things one step at a time, so he quickly adjusted his mentality. As for the remaining two pieces of Phoebe zhennan, Xia ruofei did not dig them out to examine them because he already knew that it was better to let the two pieces of wood form into ebony under the most natural conditions! Xia ruofei then went to check on the succulents and fish ponds. The succulent mother plant had basically recovered. In such an environment, it would take at most a few days for a new round of cutting breeding. The fish in the fish pond were growing very quickly. Xia ruofei picked a grass carp randomly and weighed it in his hand. It was almost half a catty. This rate of growth was also quite astonishing. In the outside world, it would take about two to three years to raise grass carp, and it would take at least half a year for them to grow to about half a catty. However, in the medium, it had only taken six to seven days to reach this weight. The red Arowana was also swimming around in the small pond in high spirits. It should be experiencing the first time in its life that it had lost its hair. The red color on its scales was becoming more and more obvious, and it was growing very well. Xia ruofei walked around the medium and then left, satisfied. …… The next day, the construction team sent by Liang Qichao officially entered the venue. The surroundings of the holiday villa were no longer as quiet as before. Large construction machinery was constantly working, and the construction site was a busy scene. As the chief supervisor of this project, manager li had been keeping an eye on the boss’s son at the construction site and personally telling him that this project must be done with all his might without any flaws or slacking. It must be a model project, so manager li naturally did not dare to slack off. Xia ruofei did not have anything else to do. He stood on the balcony on the second floor of the villa and looked at the construction site. He thought that he would build his own farm here and become the birthplace of his career. He would be able to produce the best quality food and medicine continuously. He could not help but feel a sense of ambition. At this moment, Xia ruofei saw an orange shadow from the corner of his eye. He turned around and saw a bright orange Porsche 911 driving into the villa’s courtyard. Ling Qingxue, who was wearing a light yellow down jacket and a cute plush hat, got out of the car. She looked up at Xia ruofei, who was on the second – Floor balcony. The corners of her mouth slightly curved up into a beautiful arc, revealing a half – Smile expression. She just tilted her head slightly and looked into Xia ruofei’s eyes ... [PS] I’ll be on Sanjiang recommendation this week. Please give me your Sanjiang tickets. Qidian’s readers can get one ticket every day. It’s free and is on the old website, Sanjiang channel. After getting it, the voting will also be on that channel page. It’s a little troublesome. Thank you, everyone!