Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 834: Wish fulfilled (2)

Translator: 549690339

In all fairness, the benefits of Xia ruofei’s suggestion were obvious.

With a stable job, Nan Nan would be able to receive a better education, and her father-in-law’s illness would be treated effectively. No matter what, Lin Yue ‘e was very attracted.

More importantly, if what Xia ruofei said was true, that he was only providing a job and treated the other employees the same, then earning money through hard work did not go against her principles or her husband’s instructions before his death.

Of course, Lin Yue ‘e also knew that her family had received help from Xia ruofei in treating her father – in – Law and coordinating Nan Nan’s admission to the Academy. She owed him a huge favor.

However, Xia ruofei had personally taken revenge for squad leader Luo. He could never repay this favor in his lifetime. Hence, compared to her other comrades, Lin Yue ‘e was more willing to accept Xia ruofei’s help. This was a very subtle way of thinking.

After pondering for a long time, Lin Yue ‘e was indeed tempted to go to Sanshan city.

However, she knew very well that the greatest difficulty was not to get through this mental barrier, but how to convince her father – in – Law.

As an old man who had guarded his hometown for decades, and his wife and son were both sleeping on this land, it would be too difficult to persuade him to leave his hometown and go to the unfamiliar Sanshan.

Lin Yue ‘e was feeling conflicted. In the end, she did not tell uncle Luo about Xia ruofei’s suggestion. She only chatted with him for a while and told him to have a good rest in the house and not think about anything else. Then, she got up and left the East Room.

Xia ruofei was smoking in the courtyard. When he saw Lin Yue ‘e coming out, he smiled and went up to her, asking,””Sister – in – Law, is Sir’s body in good condition?”

“He’s recovering quite well. ” Lin Yue ‘e said,”ruofei, thank you so much!”

Xia ruofei laughed,”you’re always treating me like an outsider!” By the way, sister – in – Law, have you considered my proposal yesterday? Please don’t refuse! I’m here to invite you. I’m being sincere, right?”

Lin Yue ‘e revealed a touched expression and said,””Ruofei, you’re really considerate. I’ve seriously considered your suggestion yesterday. It’s indeed very attractive, but ... I’m worried that I won’t be able to convince my father – in – Law. After all, he ...”

“Sister – in – Law, as long as you agree, this matter will be easy to handle!” Xia ruofei smiled and said,”I’ll take care of uncle Luo’s work!”

“You?” Lin Yue ‘e looked at Xia ruofei in disbelief.

She was not even sure if she could persuade him personally, so how could Xia ruofei convince that stubborn old man?

Xia ruofei laughed and said,”sister – in – Law, just tell me if you agree or not.” If you agree, I’ll go and persuade uncle Luo!”

Lin Yue ‘e muttered to herself for a long time before she finally nodded and said,””If you can treat me like an ordinary employee and not give me any special treatment, as you promised yesterday, I’m willing to work in your company.”

Xia ruofei waved his fist in joy and said,””That’s great! Sister – in – Law, wait here for a while, I’ll go in and have a good chat with uncle Luo!”

“Ruofei ...” Lin Yue ‘E’s voice had just left her mouth when Xia ruofei ran into the East Room excitedly.

Lin Yue ‘e shook her head helplessly and could only let him be.

She paced back and forth in the central room uneasily. After about ten minutes, Xia ruofei pushed open the door to the East Room and walked out. He smiled and made an “OK” gesture at her.”Sister – in – Law, it’s done!”

Lin Yue ‘e widened her eyes in shock and asked,””My father – in – Law agreed?”

Xia ruofei chuckled,”of course!” I already said that there wouldn’t be a problem if I were to take action! If you don’t believe me, you can go in and ask uncle Luo. ”

Lin Yue ‘e didn’t dare to believe it, and she hurriedly pushed open the door to the East Room and walked in.

“Dad ...” Lin Yue ‘e called out.

Uncle Luo turned his head to look at her and said,””Yue ‘E! Pack up your things in the next two days! Xiao Xia said that when he comes back from his business trip, he’ll take us to the three mountains. ”

“You agree?” Lin Yue ‘e asked in surprise.

“Yes, I’ve already promised Xia,” uncle Luo nodded.

“No... Dad, did ruofei give you some kind of bewitching potion?” Lin Yue ‘e also couldn’t help but ask,”I thought you definitely wouldn’t agree!”

“Yue ‘E!” Uncle Luo said with a smile. Is dad such an old – fashioned person in your heart?”

“No, no...” Lin Yue ‘e hurriedly waved her hands and said,”I’m just very curious as to how RUO Fei managed to convince you.”

Uncle Luo said,”actually, it’s nothing. He told me that it would take a long time for me to be completely cured. It’s best if I go to San Shan. He can treat me at any time.” “Xiao Xia also told me that he had a lot of vegetables, fruits, and fish on his farm. It’s actually not much different from the countryside. Also ... There are many retired soldiers on the farm, some of them were from Zhicheng’s old army. In the end, he even promised me that if I wanted to come back to see your mother and Zhicheng, I could ask at any time and he would personally send me back ...”

After Lin Yue ‘e heard this, her eyes started to tear up.

“Yue ‘E!” Uncle Luo said with emotion. Zhicheng’s soldier was really a person who valued friendship! We must remember his help to our family in our hearts. ”

Lin Yue ‘e nodded her head.

Uncle Luo continued,”actually, what Xia said is not important. The key is that I think it’s too hard for you to support a family on your own. You can’t manage a few acres of land on your own. You can relax a little if you work in Xia’s company.” In addition, Nan Nan can also receive a better education. ”

Speaking of this, uncle Luo smiled and said,””I’m already so old, how can I be a burden to you? Besides, as long as the family is together, isn’t there a home?”

Uncle Luo had not read many books and could not speak of any great principles. However, his simple words had revealed many of his insights in life.

Lin Yue ‘e nodded her head heavily and said,””Dad, I know! Then let’s go to the three mountains to have a look. If you’re not used to it, I’ll resign with ruofei and come back to the village. ”

Uncle Luo smiled and nodded,””Alright! It’s decided!”

After Lin Yue ‘e left the East Room, Xia ruofei was still waiting in the central room. He smiled and asked,””How is it? Sister – in – Law, I didn’t lie to you, did I?”

“Ruofei, I really have to thank you for this!” Lin Yue ‘e said.

“Sister – in – Law, I still have to go to another city to do something. Your aunt Luo’s seventh day hasn’t passed yet, so there must be a lot of things to do.” Xia ruofei said,”when I’m done with my business, I’ll send a car to pick you up. Don’t worry, I’ll make the arrangements at San Shan. I won’t delay Nan Nan’s school in September!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Swish!” Lin Yue ‘e said,”we’ll listen to you!”

There was a funeral at home, and many of the villagers came to help. They had to treat everyone to lunch, so Lin Yue ‘e didn’t have time to chat with Xia ruofei. She quickly went to work with squad leader Luo’s sister.

Lin Yue ‘e even asked someone to pass on a message, asking her cousin from the neighboring village to send Nan Nan back.

At her age, Nan Nan did not have a clear concept of life and death, so she did not show much sadness when her grandmother and father passed away. Instead, she was very happy to see uncle Xia ruofei. In fact, every time Nan Nan went to the Army with Lin Yue ‘e to visit relatives, she liked to play with the soldiers the most. She was very familiar with many soldiers of lone wolf.

Xia ruofei had successfully convinced Lin Yue ‘e and uncle Luo. He was in a good mood and was having a good time with Nan Nan.

However, he was still concerned about the aweto. Hence, after having lunch at the Luo family’s house, Xia ruofei bade farewell to Lin Yue ‘E’s family and left squad leader Luo’s house with his bag.