Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 841: Perfect transport_1

Translator: 549690339

Xia ruofei was stunned.

What did the heat from the Jade Leaf mean? This meant that there were world stones nearby! In terms of space upgrade, this magical thing was much better than ordinary Jade!

Now that the spirit map space had been upgraded to a certain level, every upgrade became very difficult. If he only relied on buying Jade, he might not be able to upgrade one or two levels even if he used all his assets. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

However, obtaining a partial world stone was entirely dependent on luck. The sensory Jade Leaf that Xia Qing had created could only detect world stones within a range of twenty li, which was ten kilometers.

Compared to the vast heaven and earth, a range of ten kilometers was really too small. If one specifically relied on the sensing Jade Leaf to search, it would be like looking for a needle in a haystack.

Being able to sense the existence of the world stone in Nagqu was definitely a pleasant surprise for Xia ruofei.

Xia ruofei took two deep breaths to calm himself down. He was not in a hurry to find the world stone.

Because they were in the wilderness, there was no one within a ten li radius. This world stone was definitely not kept at home by someone, but in the wilderness. Thus, there was no need to rush.

As for the aweto, Xia ruofei had basically arrived at his destination and could start implementing it.

He tried to climb a little higher, and then felt the temperature of the Jade Leaf. He was very happy to find that the temperature of the Jade Leaf had increased by a small margin.

This meant that he was a little closer to the Jade Leaf.

Then, there would be no delay.

Xia ruofei continued to climb up. At the same time, he paid some attention to the temperature change of the Jade Leaf.

When Xia ruofei’s watch showed that he was close to 5800 meters above sea level, he gradually slowed down.

Under the strong light of the flashlight, Xia ruofei found a bat moth hanging upside down on a small branch. When the flashlight shone on it, the bat moth immediately flapped its wings and flew towards the light source.

With a thought, Xia ruofei used his spiritual power to drag the bat and moth into the spirit map space.

In the mountain and sea realm of the spirit map space, there was a huge gauze cage that Xia ruofei had prepared a long time ago. The bats and moths appeared out of thin air in the gauze cage. Now, Xia ruofei’s control of his spiritual power had improved. He could accurately control items to appear at any location in the space without any errors.

There were already more than a dozen bats and moths flying around in the cage.

These were the bats and moths that Xia ruofei had captured when he was climbing up the mountain.

After Xia ruofei captured the bat moth, he stopped and used his flashlight to look closely. He found that there were many bat moth eggs on the grass and soil in the area.

With a thought, a shovel appeared in Xia ruofei’s hand out of thin air. He first marked out an area of about two meters by two meters, then began to dig carefully with the shovel. He tried not to damage the vegetation on the surface of the ground. He dug up the soil and the vegetation on the surface of the ground, which was about 10 to 15 centimeters thick.

It might not be easy for an ordinary person to control their strength, but Xia ruofei did it with ease.

He quickly dug up a 20 – centimeter piece of soil and sent it into the spirit map space with a thought.

In the mountain and sea realm of the spirit map space, there was a piece of land that was about two mu in size that had already been turned over by Xia Qing. The soil of the quxue region’s high mountains that contained the eggs of bats, moths, worms, and fungi had been sent to the surface of this piece of land.

Xia ruofei was very fast. The soil and vegetation in the area he had marked out were quickly dug up and sent into the spirit map space.

After doing all this, Xia ruofei carefully dug up some soil nearby to fill up the area he had dug up.

Although the color of this area was obviously different from the other areas, it was already past the Cordyceps’s growing season. No Tibetan people would come to this mountain. When they started to dig for the Cordyceps in the next year, it would definitely be unnoticeable.

After Xia ruofei was done, he continued to search the area.

According to gersun’s introduction, the soil in the nearby mountains contained almost all wormgrass and fungi. However, there were many accidental factors such as whether the eggs of bats and moths could hatch larvae, whether the larvae could drill into the soil, and whether the mycelium in the soil could infect the larvae. That was why the production of wormgrass was so low.

Hence, Xia ruofei’s main goal was to find an area where the eggs were concentrated. He would collect the vegetation and soil in the area and move them into the spirit map space.

The eggs of bats and moths were very small. If they were attached to grass, it would be difficult to find them even during the day, let alone in the night.

However, Xia ruofei’s eyesight was amazing. With the help of the strong flashlight, he could easily find the eggs that were small targets.

Just like that, Xia ruofei continued to search for the eggs in the nearby mountains at this altitude and moved them into the spirit map space.

Of course, this was a stupid method and it was very physically exhausting. If it was anyone else, it would be an impossible task.

However, to Xia ruofei, he only felt a little tired at most. After all, he was at an altitude above sea level. With such a heavy workload, it was impossible for Xia ruofei to not feel anything.