Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 842: Perfect transport_2

Translator: 549690339

However, even though he was tired, it did not affect his work speed at all.

When Xia ruofei was looking for the bat moth eggs, he would capture the bats and moths he encountered along the way into the silk cage in the spirit map space and temporarily “imprison” them.

Before he knew it, there were already sixty to seventy bats and moths in the cage. The two acres of land in the space were gradually covered by the vegetation of the qu Xue Yu plateau.

A few hours passed.

Xia ruofei finally heaved a long sigh of relief after dealing with the last patch of vegetation and soil.

Now, the two acres of land in the space were completely covered with the Highland vegetation and soil. In addition, there was also the largest plastic tidying box half – filled with space soil, which was also covered with a layer of Highland vegetation and soil.

Moreover, this small piece of Highland vegetation and soil, which was about one square meter in size, was specially selected by Xia ruofei. It contained the most bat moth eggs.

This plastic box was naturally for Xia ruofei’s cultivation experiment.

Tonight’s operation was no doubt a very heavy physical labor. Even if Xia ruofei’s physical fitness was super strong, he was already covered in sweat.

He sat on a huge rock and took out some water from the spirit pond to drink. Then, he sat down and rested for a while.

While they were resting, Xia ruofei communicated with Xia Qing in the space through divine thoughts and gave him instructions. Xia ruofei had made some preparations before they set off, but there was no guarantee of safety in the wilderness. Xia ruofei could not enter the spirit map space, so he had to leave the rest to Xia Qing.

While Xia ruofei was resting, his mind was constantly communicating with the space, and he could “see” Xia Qing’s every move in the spirit map.

After Xia Qing received Xia ruofei’s order, she immediately began to work on the land covered with bat moth eggs and worm grass fungi.

He set up the zinc – plated pipes that Xia ruofei had prepared earlier and inserted them into the reserved holes on the ground.

The tubes were about two meters long and were connected to the mesh net. When the tubes were all set up, the mesh net would surround the land.

Next, Xia Qing spread out another piece of muslin net that could cover the entire land. Then, this piece of muslin net flew up lightly and accurately covered the top of the entire land. With Xia ruofei’s permission, the surrounding muslin net formed a whole. Xia Qing, who was born for the spirit map space, could also use the power of the five elements in space.

Xia Qing quickly reinforced the joint, and the part of the mesh that was in contact with the ground was also covered with a layer of space soil to ensure that there would be no gaps.

Then, Xia Qing carried the gauze cage and walked into the area covered by the gauze through the only door left with a magic switch. She released all the bats and moths in the gauze cage and quickly left the area of the gauze, filling up the only hole.

Very quickly, an “independent kingdom” similar to the living space of Hornets appeared in the mountain and sea realm of the spirit map space.

After completing the first task given by Xia ruofei, Xia Qing carried the largest packing box and shuttled into the Archean realm without stopping.

Xia ruofei’s idea was the same as cultivating the abalones. He wanted to use the difference in the flow of time at the Archean realm to experiment and ensure that this method could perfectly simulate the environment that the Cordyceps was produced in.

Otherwise, wouldn’t it be a waste of time and expression if they waited a year to find out that this method didn’t work?

Xia Qing moved the large sorting box containing the bat moth eggs and worm grass fungi to the side of the space spirit pond, next to the orange plastic box containing the little abalone.

Then, he followed Xia ruofei’s instructions and found a small bottle of diluted spirit Heart Flower petal solution. He poured it evenly on the surface of the soil and vegetation in the sorting box.

Then, Xia Qing also wrapped the top of the sorting box with a gauze net to ensure good ventilation and to prevent the hatched bat moth larvae from escaping from the sorting box.

After Xia ruofei confirmed that Xia Qing had completed all the work, he conveyed his approval to Xia Qing through his divine sense.

The reason why Xia ruofei wanted Xia Qing to finish the work as soon as possible was that he hoped to see the results of his efforts as soon as possible.

Otherwise, by the time he returned to the farm, he would have wasted a few days. That would be equivalent to wasting a few months in the Archean realm!

With this arrangement, Xia ruofei only needed to wait for seven or eight days after he returned to the farm. He could basically judge whether his idea could really build an ecosystem in the realm.

After sitting for such a long time, Xia ruofei’s energy had mostly recovered. Hence, he stood up and prepared to carry out the more important task of looking for the world stone.

When Xia ruofei was searching for the area where the bat moth eggs were concentrated, he was also very careful to feel the temperature of the Jade Leaf. He carefully controlled the direction he was moving in to ensure that he was getting closer and closer to the boundary stone that the formation had sensed.

Even though he would sometimes deviate slightly from the direction for the nearby bat moth eggs and vegetation, he would quickly return to the right path after collecting the vegetation and soil.

Now that he had completed the first step, Xia ruofei had no more worries. He focused on sensing the slight changes in the Jade Leaf’s temperature and constantly adjusted his direction, moving towards the possible location of the realm stone.

If it was on flat ground, with the precise guidance of the “radar” that was the sensory Jade Leaf, it was not a big deal for a special Combat Elite like Xia ruofei to find something within a 10 – kilometer radius.

However, this place was not flat ground, but a continuous mountain range.

Sometimes, Yu Ye could clearly sense that he should be heading in a certain direction, but there was a cliff in front of Xia ruofei. As a result, he had to take a long detour to reach the other side.

And after reaching the other side, according to the temperature of the Jade Leaf, it was likely that he would have to cross the same cliff at another location and return to the other side.

If it was an ordinary person, they would have been tortured to the point of madness.

However, Xia ruofei’s mental fortitude was not something that an ordinary person could compare to. Furthermore, the world stone was too important to him. No matter how difficult it was, he had to obtain it.

Moreover, this was just a difficulty caused by natural factors. In Xia ruofei’s opinion, it was better than the world stone being kept by someone else.

Xia ruofei was very patient as he climbed up the plateau that was five to six thousand meters above sea level.

After walking for a short distance, he would stop and carefully feel the change in the temperature of the Jade Leaf. Then, he would either continue in the same direction or make slight adjustments to his route.

Just like that, Xia ruofei had been digging in the mountains for three to four hours. It was already the second half of the night, but Xia ruofei did not feel tired at all. Instead, he was getting more and more excited because he could feel the temperature of the Jade Leaf getting higher and higher.

This meant that his efforts in the past few hours had not been in vain. He was getting closer and closer to that world stone.

At this moment, Xia ruofei suddenly stopped.

His keen sense of danger made him alert. The moment he stopped, there was a rustling sound from the grass. Xia ruofei could feel danger approaching him from behind.

He instinctively dodged to the side, and at the same time, the military dagger that had accompanied him for many years appeared in his hand out of thin air.

Xia ruofei saw a black shadow pouncing towards him from the corner of his eye. He didn’t have time to think and dodged the fatal blow while waving his dagger.

The black shadow seemed to have felt the killing intent of the military dagger, but it could not Dodge in the air. The huge inertia caused it to crash straight into the dagger.

Xia ruofei didn’t do anything but raise the tip of his knife.

With a ripping sound, the sharp dagger made a huge gash on the black Shadow’s body. It fell to the ground and struggled for a while before it stopped moving.

Xia ruofei shone his flashlight on it. It was a Wolf that lived on the plateau. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

It had happened in a flash. If Xia ruofei had reacted a little slower, even if he didn’t lose his life, he would have suffered a great loss under the sharp claws of the wolf.

However, Xia ruofei did not feel relieved after killing Cang lang because he had sensed that the danger had not been eliminated.

He suddenly turned around and used the strong light of the flashlight to sweep the distance.

One pair, two pairs, three pairs ... More than ten pairs of green eyes were staring at Xia ruofei with ferocity and greed.

Xia ruofei smiled bitterly. He had encountered a pack of wolves ...