Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 844: Obtaining another world stone (2)

Translator: 549690339

Xia ruofei laughed coldly and took a step forward with his dagger.

The wolves ‘eyes seemed to reveal a trace of fear, and they actually took a step back in unison.

Xia ruofei walked forward step by step while the five wolves retreated slowly.

Finally, the wolves seemed to be unable to withstand the invisible pressure. One of the wolves howled, and then they all turned around and ran away in unison.

Xia ruofei pouted. He had no interest in chasing after them and just let them go. He was still concerned about the realm stone. These wolves lived in the Highlands and mountains all year round, and there was no end to them. Since they had taken the initiative to escape, Xia ruofei naturally would not care. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

There were six or seven Wolf corpses on the ground. Some of them had been cut open, while others had no wounds on their bodies but were already dead. Under the moonlight, the scattered Wolf corpses were telling the story of the tragic battle just now.

Xia ruofei didn’t want to waste anything and simply cleaned up the wolf carcasses.

Xia ruofei, who had gone through countless combat and survival training in the forest, was very familiar with handling the wolves ‘corpses. It did not take long for him to remove all their internal organs and dig out their fangs for storage.

Xia ruofei threw away the Wolf’s internal organs and kept the rest of the useful things in the spirit map space.

Some people who had eaten wolf meat before didn’t like the taste, but Xia ruofei had eaten it once during a tropical jungle survival training. At that time, squad leader Luo had used a cooking method and the taste was quite good. This time, he had just killed a few wolves, so Xia ruofei naturally wanted to try it.

In addition, wolf fangs could also be made into good accessories. There were also several wolves, including the alpha Wolf, which had no wounds on its body. The alpha Wolf was particularly large, so the wolf skin was very suitable for personal use or to give away.

After cleaning up the scene, Xia ruofei was not in the mood to wash off the wolf blood on his body. He continued his search in the direction of the realm stone.

Three or fouro’ clock in the morning was the darkest time of the day. Even though the moon was pretty bright tonight, it was almost setting. Most of the time, Xia ruofei could only rely on the strong light of the flashlight to find a way forward in the wilderness.

However, after dealing with Cang lang, Xia ruofei did not encounter any more danger. It was just that the terrain caused him to take a lot of unnecessary steps.

But in general, Xia ruofei was getting closer and closer to his goal.

As the sky started to brighten, Xia ruofei finally felt that he should be able to find the world stone soon.

That was because the Jade Leaf on his chest was almost boiling hot.

This was a small valley. The distance to the place where Xia ruofei first found the Jade Leaf was about six to seven kilometers in a straight line. However, Xia ruofei had to walk 30 to 40 kilometers to find this place. Moreover, it was a high altitude mountain with no roads at all.

Although the valley was low – lying, Xia ruofei’s watch still showed that it was more than 4500 meters above sea level.

At this time, the sky was gradually turning bright. Although no one would come here during this season, Xia ruofei had to speed up.

There were some shrubs that were not very tall in the valley, and there was even a small stream winding through. The sound of flowing water could be heard faintly from the depths of the forest.

Xia ruofei carefully felt the change in the temperature of the Jade Leaf as he carefully moved his feet.

Now that the Jade Leaf was very hot, Xia ruofei had to keep moving and feel the slight changes in it to find a more accurate position.

This was a delicate and cumbersome task.

After another half an hour, Xia ruofei finally arrived at a patch of grass. After repeated experiments, Xia ruofei was almost certain that the world stone was within a two to three meter radius in front of him.

Xia ruofei first removed the Jade Leaf and kept it in the spirit map space. The Jade Leaf was too hot. If he kept it on his chest, he felt that he would be burned.

After keeping the Jade Leaf, Xia ruofei flipped his hand and took out the shovel from the space. He cleared all the weeds in the vicinity.

The situation on the ground could be seen clearly. There was no black boundary stone that Xia ruofei was familiar with.

He expanded his search area a little, but still found nothing.

Then there was only one possibility, and that was the world stone being buried underground.

Xia ruofei did not hesitate. He immediately took out a hoe and started to dig.

Xia ruofei would carefully rummage through the soil he dug out. After making sure that there were no world stones, he would then place them aside.

In the past, when he was training in the jungle, Xia ruofei often needed to dig some individual fortifications. He was very familiar with digging and had dug nearly two meters deep in a short time.

However, he still couldn’t find the world stone.

Xia ruofei was helpless about this. The induction array could detect the realm stone within a ten – kilometer radius. In theory, the realm stone could be buried very deep. It could be found by the induction array even if it was dozens of meters or even hundreds of meters deep.

However, for Xia ruofei, if it was really that deep, it would be very difficult to dig it out.

The deeper they dug, the larger the area would naturally be. This was not something that could be completed by human strength.

Xia ruofei smiled bitterly and mumbled to himself,””We’re in the wilderness, even if we rent an excavator, we can’t drive it in ...”

At this point, Xia ruofei suddenly froze. He slapped his head and said,””He really has a pig’s brain ...”

Wasn’t there a small excavator for farming in the spirit map space?

Xia ruofei threw the hoe Down and sent his thoughts into the spirit map space to check. After confirming that Xia Qing was not using the excavator, he immediately took it out.

Xia ruofei jumped onto the excavator. After starting it up, the excavator emitted black smoke. He operated the mechanical arm very nimbly and began to work.

Although this little fellow could not be compared to those large construction machines, it could at least dig several times more than Xia ruofei’s manual work.

Xia ruofei’s efficiency increased.

The mini excavator worked for another half an hour and the soil it excavated formed a small mountain. Xia ruofei had checked the soil and found no boundary stones.

Xia ruofei was not in a hurry. He was very confident in the accuracy of the Jade Leaf. Since the world stone was here, it would not be able to escape.

After a few minutes, the small excavator had dug out a small piece of soil. Xia ruofei controlled the mechanical arm to raise it high and lift the soil up.

Through the windshield of the excavator, Xia ruofei’s Eagle – like vision immediately noticed a small black stone in the soil that was falling from a high place.

He immediately turned off the small excavator and then quickly moved to the top of the mound.

Xia ruofei had already found the location and quickly found the small black stone from the pile of soil.

The moment he saw this black stone, Xia ruofei was overjoyed. He was almost certain that this was the world stone that he had spent so much effort to find.

Xia ruofei took out the sensing Jade Leaf. As expected, when he got close to the black stone, the temperature of the Jade Leaf reached its peak. Xia ruofei almost couldn’t hold it.

He quickly put the sensing Jade Leaf into the spatial space and communicated with Xia Qing using his divine sense to confirm that absorbing the world stone at this time would not affect the experiments that were being carried out in the spatial space.

Hence, Xia ruofei did not hesitate to summon the spirit map scroll from his palm. Then, he held the realm stone and approached the scroll.

There was a huge suction force from the spirit map. Xia ruofei did not hold the realm stone tightly, so it was immediately sucked in and turned into a black light. The moment it came into contact with the spirit map, it disappeared into thin air ...