Chapter 847: Tri – elements jade talisman (1)

Translator: 549690339

“Eight slices?” Xia ruofei couldn’t help but look back at Xia Qing in surprise.

After the last upgrade, the number of petals of the spirit Heart Flower had increased to seven. Xia ruofei did not have much hope at first, and he knew that the number of petals had reached a bottleneck. Even if the space was upgraded, the number would not increase. He did not expect to be surprised.

Xia Qing smiled and said,”master, the spirit gathering array I’ve set up around the spirit heart tree has been constantly improving the quality of the spirit heart tree. This time, when it absorbed the world stone, a large amount of spirit Qi instantly surged in. Therefore, the number of spirit Heart Flower petals has also broken through again.”

Xia ruofei was overjoyed,”well done!” It seemed that the spirit Heart Flower was getting closer and closer to its ultimate form of nine petals! Xia Qing, keep it up!”

“Yes! Master!” Xia Qing said immediately.

Xia ruofei then took a tour around the Archean realm. He inspected the tea garden, Phoebe zhennan forest, iron – Skin Dendrobium, Red Arowana, and many other valuable plants. He was very satisfied when he saw that these valuable plants and animals were growing well.

Xia ruofei had to admit that with Xia Qing as a soul puppet, he had saved a lot of trouble. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Otherwise, with the expansion of the space and the increase in the variety of animals and plants in the space, it would take a lot of energy for Xia ruofei to take care of them.

Now that Xia Qing had managed everything in the space in an orderly manner, Xia ruofei only needed to assign tasks and Xia Qing would complete them to the letter. He was much more relaxed.

After a round of inspection, Xia ruofei brought Xia Qing to the mountain and sea realm, where time flowed at the same rate as the outside world.

The concentration of spirit Qi in the mountain and sea realm was about the same as that in the primal realm. After absorbing the world stone this time, the overall environment of the mountain and sea realm had also improved greatly.

He first took Xia Qing and drove the all – terrain vehicle around the edge of the spatial barrier. Of course, he had to avoid the sea.

Xia ruofei made a rough estimate. The mountain and sea realm had expanded to more than 5000 acres, and the space ocean, which had appeared for the first time since the last upgrade, had expanded by about 100 meters.

The coastline in the dimension was two kilometers long. From the beach to the outermost space barrier, the range of the sea had reached more than two hundred meters.

The expansion of the ocean meant that Xia ruofei would have more choices to breed more precious seafood in the sea.

Xia ruofei wondered if he should get a small yacht. However, considering that the ocean was still very small, even if he got a speedboat, there would not be much space for him to ride. Hence, this thought only flashed through his mind and he did not put it into action immediately.

When he patrolled the beach, Xia ruofei used his spiritual force to sense that the net abalone seedlings in the sea were growing very well. Each of them was quite healthy and had generally grown a circle. The largest one had a diameter of four to five centimeters. Compared to the outside world, this growth rate was absolutely shocking.

In addition, in addition to abalones, there were also many pomfrets in this Sea area. They originally lived in the sea, and in the unique environment of the space ocean, they were naturally like fish in water and grew well.

“It’s time to provide another batch of Chinese perch seedlings to Jianghua!” Xia ruofei said in his heart.

After a round of inspection, Xia ruofei drove the all – terrain vehicle to the herb garden that Xia Qing had opened for inspection.

Next to the medicine garden, Xia Qing had opened up more than ten mu of land, all of which were planted with the medicinal herbs needed to produce the heart – nourishing soup. In more than ten days, Xia Qing had already taken care of the medicine garden in an orderly manner, and the herbs were neatly planted on the ground. They all grew very well and looked quite energetic.

Xia ruofei’s gaze turned to the side of the herb garden.

Next to the medicinal garden, Xia Qing had also opened up a plot of land, which was also full of green crops.

Xia ruofei recognized it at first glance and said in surprise,””Iron – Skin Dendrobium?”

“Yes, master!” Xia Qing said respectfully,”after your instructions last time, I began cutting the iron – Skin dendrobes in the Archean realm. When they grew to a certain extent, I would transplant them into the mountain and sea realm. Now, they have a scale of about 10 mu!”

“Not bad, not bad!” Xia ruofei nodded his head in satisfaction and said,”Xia Qing, continue to transplant. Anyway, there is a lot of land in the mountain sea realm, and there is nothing that needs to be planted for the time being. Just open up more land to grow iron – Skin Dendrobium!”

“Yes, master!” Xia Qing replied.

In addition to the iron – Skin dendrobes, many of the third – generation Da Hong Pao tea trees had also been transplanted to the mountain sea realm, forming a small tea forest.

Xia ruofei couldn’t help but give a thumbs up to Xia Qing’s work efficiency. However, after thinking about it, he realized that Xia Qing was not a real human being. He didn’t need to rest at all. He could work 24 hours a day. No wonder he could finish so much work in just 11 or 12 days.

If it was someone else, even someone as strong as Xia ruofei, it would be impossible for him to work without eating or sleeping for more than ten days.

After he was done with the outside, Xia ruofei came to the stone room in the cave.

During this period of time, Xia ruofei had been taking the spirit nourishment soup and body tempering soup regularly. While his physical fitness was constantly strengthened, his spiritual power was also increasing.

He wanted to see if he could open the next transparent cover to get the item inside, or if he could decipher the next page of the booklet.