Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Chapter 859: Let nature take its course (3)

Translator: 549690339

In the past few days on the farm, other than dealing with the company’s daily business, Xia ruofei would also take some time out at night to practice the drawing of the human jade talisman in the mountain and sea realm in the spirit map space.

Although the progress was still very slow, he could make progress every day. As it accumulated, Xia ruofei was satisfied with the results.

Now, he could draw three – quarters of the runes relatively smoothly. The last quarter was the most difficult part. Xia ruofei would still make small mistakes after repeated practice.

However, this way, he was becoming more and more familiar with the first three quarters of the runes. This was because after every failure, he would have to start from the beginning.

Xia ruofei was not in a hurry and continued to practice.

In fact, he didn’t know that the runes on the human – shaped jade talisman were quite difficult. If he hadn’t always maintained a calm attitude of letting nature take its course, his progress might have been even slower than now.

While completing these daily tasks and tasks, Xia ruofei did not forget that he had one more thing to do during the summer break, which was Nan Nan’s school.

Nan Nan should be able to enter the first grade next semester.

Xia ruofei had thought about it carefully for a long time. With his current connections, he could arrange for Nan Nan to enter any primary school in Sanshan city, regardless of whether it was a key provincial or key city School. There would be no problem.

However, Lin Yue ‘e was now working on a farm. Regardless of whether Nan Nan was going to the city or to study in a primary school in Changping County, it would be a big problem for her to pick her up.

As for the primary school in the town, Xia ruofei would not consider it at all. The conditions of both the software and the hardware were very ordinary. The quality of teaching was not much better than that of the primary school in Nan Nan’s hometown.

Xia ruofei was troubled for a few days and decided not to think about it.

In any case, there was still more than a month before school reopened. If he could not think of a solution in the end, he could just find the best primary school in Changping County and get Lei Hu to send someone to pick him up every day.

This place wasn’t far from the county, so it wouldn’t take much energy to drive the child to school. The only worry he had was that Lin Yue ‘e wouldn’t accept such special treatment.

Time passed day by day, and soon it was the day of the college entrance examination.

At noon on the 23rd of June, the search and distribution system would be open at 12 o’ clock sharp. Xia ruofei, Hu Zi’s mother, and Lin Qiao had finished their lunch early. Lin Qiao brought her laptop to the living room and the three of them sat in front of the computer.

Lin Qiao had already opened the website for checking scores. As soon as it was past 12 o’ clock, she immediately entered her admission pass number and other information and clicked on the query.

However, at this moment, there was a large number of points checking requests pouring in. The Education Department’s server had been jammed for a short time. This was equivalent to a hacker’s data package attack. In a very short time, it received a large number of data packages that exceeded its own processing ability and speed. The server could not handle it at all, and the machine crashed.

This was a problem with the website server. Even though Xia ruofei’s home had a 100 – Mbps optical fiber network, there was no way to prevent the entire website from freezing.

The Ministry of Education immediately released an announcement, saying that the technical staff was dealing with it urgently and that they needed to add a few more servers. The Ministry of Education also urged everyone not to search at this time, as it would be much faster to open the web page at a different time.

However, after studying hard for so many years, who wouldn’t want to be the first to know their results? As a result, the number of query requests increased. The query window had long been stuck, and even the opening of the other pages of the website had become very slow.

Xia ruofei smiled bitterly and stood up. He knew that it was impossible for him to recover in a short period of time, so he prepared to go out for a smoke.

Xia ruofei’s phone rang just as he reached the door.

Xia ruofei had a cigarette in his mouth. He put the lighter back into his pocket and took out his phone to look at the number. Suddenly, he looked surprised.

The call was from elder song’s personal secretary, manager Lu.

Xia ruofei knew that manager Lu was so busy every day that he would not call him for no reason.

Could it be that elder song is looking for me? Xia ruofei answered the call as he thought about it.