Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 88: Planting ginseng (1)

Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

At around eight in the evening, Xia ruofei finally bade farewell to Hu Zi’s mother and Lin Qiao’s reluctant gaze. When he drove back to the holiday villa, he saw that the construction site was still burning through the night. The entire construction site was brightly lit by several strong lights. Large construction machinery was still roaring, and many workers were busy on the construction site. In order to complete the project quickly, Liang Qichao had ordered the entire construction team to work in three shifts to ensure that it could be completed before the Spring Festival. Manager li had already gone back to rest, and a Deputy Manager was taking his place. After Xia ruofei parked the car, he went to the construction site and found the deputy manager. He asked about the progress of the project and thanked him for his hard work. Then, Xia ruofei took out another 1000 Yuan and asked the deputy manager to send someone to drive to Changping County to buy supper for the workers. The deputy manager had already been reminded by manager li that Xia ruofei had a close relationship with Liang Qichao, so he thanked him repeatedly and patted his chest to assure him that he would ensure the quality and quantity and complete the construction task on time. Xia ruofei chatted with him for a while and then returned to the villa. He returned to his bedroom and locked the door and windows. Then, he summoned the spirit map scroll and entered the medium. After taking a deep breath of the air in the space, which was fresher than the outside world, Xia ruofei felt all his fatigue go away. The vegetable seeds and ginseng seeds that he had bought in the afternoon were neatly stacked on the space. Xia ruofei’s control of the spirit map space was getting better and better. He could store items directly into the space from the outside and also accurately control where they would appear in the space. The vegetable seeds were not needed for the time being. Xia ruofei picked up the plastic bag containing the Changbai Mountain ginseng seeds. Before this, Xia ruofei had done some research on ginseng cultivation techniques. He felt that the information he found online was too complicated. Even if he followed the instructions strictly, the survival rate was very low. Therefore, he decided to do it his own way. This was also because he had great confidence in the spirit map space. He found a large plastic bucket and poured half of the space spirit pond water into it. Then, he took the preservation box containing the petals of the strange flower, which contained the eleven petals that had been stored over the past few days. Xia ruofei picked up one of the flowers with a pair of tweezers and threw it into the plastic bucket. If these ginseng seeds could grow successfully, they would be worth a lot. Hence, Xia ruofei had to spend a lot of money and used an entire flower petal. As soon as the flower petal entered the spiritual pond, it immediately melted without a trace. Xia ruofei was still worried. He found a stick and stirred the flower petal solution in the plastic bucket evenly. Then, he opened the plastic bag and poured all the Changbai Mountain ginseng seeds into the plastic bucket. He began to soak them. Then, Xia ruofei left the medium and allowed the seeds to absorb the essence of the petals. He went to the bathroom to take a shower. It was almost time, so he entered the space again. Xia ruofei picked up all the ginseng seeds that had been soaked in the plastic bucket. He didn’t do as the internet said, but instead, he found a piece of land on the periphery of the space. After the space evolved, there was a large amount of open land on the periphery, so he scattered the ginseng seeds. Then, he dug up some soil from the side and covered the seeds evenly. He didn’t waste the small half bucket of solution. He poured it into the watering can and poured it all into the field. After that, Xia ruofei decided not to take care of the ginseng anymore. He had already given the ginseng seeds the best conditions. If not all of them survived, then there must be a problem with the seeds themselves. Besides, Xia ruofei did this because he wanted to simulate the wild environment to the greatest extent and improve the quality of the ginseng. Then, Xia ruofei walked around the space. He picked the ripe vegetables and stored them. He checked the grass carps in the fish pond and the red Arowana in the small pond. They were all growing very well. The oxidation level of the Phoebe zhennan wood had increased again, and golden threads were already faintly visible. The mother succulent plant had been fully restored. The new succulent seedlings that were left in the pots had also grown to the point where they could be cut with the help of the unique environment and the petal solution. Xia ruofei decided to start a new round of cutting the next day. However, this time, he had to make a good plan and split it into several batches. The batch of mother plants that had grown from the latest succulent seedlings would be placed in the last batch for cutting. …… In the next few days, other than providing food for Xi Jiang Yue and Ling Ji, Xia ruofei would walk around the construction site and check on the progress. In addition, he carried out a new round of cutting breeding on the succulent mother plant. After a few days of rest, he put the first batch of succulent seedlings on the internet for sale again. He also put up an announcement to inform all users that if there were no special circumstances in the future, the frequency of new updates would be reduced to once every five days. This news naturally attracted many high – end players to spread the news, and it quickly became a hot post on Baidu’s succulent bar. Naturally, the sales were as hot as ever, and they were all sold out within a few minutes. After all the succulent seedlings were sold, Xia ruofei would earn another 100000 Yuan. And this was only the first batch. In the future, there would be another batch every five days. In total, they would bring in 600000 Yuan a month. In addition to the 300000 Yuan from Taoyuan vegetables, Xia ruofei could earn at least a million Yuan a month from these two items. After making a rough estimate of his income, Xia ruofei’s mind started to wander again. Now, he had enough money to pay for the project, and he still had some balance. Moreover, the two million or so construction funds did not need to be paid in one go, but in installments. The rest of the payment would only be paid after the construction was completed and the project was accepted. The entire construction would take about a month. And in this month, Xia ruofei could earn another million. He had set his mind on the 70cm Phoebe zhennan tree that he had heard about last time. Now that the funds were basically guaranteed, it was better to buy it now, in case of any trouble! If this dragged on for a while, the nanmu would be cut down, or someone else would get there first. It would be difficult to find such a suitable nanmu again. Hence, Xia ruofei immediately gave Liang Qichao a call. “RUO Fei! Is there something you need?” Liang Qichao said enthusiastically, then asked,”could there be a problem with the project?” “No, no, brother Liang. The construction team you sent is very good, and manager li is very responsible. I don’t have to worry about anything.” Xia ruofei smiled and said,”I’m looking for you today because I need your help with another matter.” “Oh? If there’s anything you need, just tell me. As long as I can do it, I will definitely do it!” Liang Qichao said. Xia ruofei thought for a while and said,”it’s like this, brother Liang. Last time at your place, didn’t we talk about Phoebe zhennan wood?” You said that you found a 70cm – thick Phoebe zhennan wood when you asked someone to look for it. I want to ask you if you can help me contact it? I want to buy it!”