Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 89: Chapter 87 – Golden nanmu in hand (1)

“Why are you suddenly interested in the Phoebe zhennan wood?” Liang Qichao asked with a smile. “I don’t want it, it’s a friend of mine.” Xia ruofei replied,”the friend who sold you the White – skinned lunar realm.” When we were chatting today, I casually mentioned the Phoebe zhennan and he was very interested in it and wanted to buy it. ” At the crucial moment, this ‘friend’ could save Xia ruofei a lot of trouble. When Liang Qichao heard that it was Xia ruofei ‘s’ friend ‘who had the highest quality of meat, he immediately regarded him with even more importance. He said,”so it’s your friend who wants it!” No problem! I’ll contact them immediately. As long as they haven’t sold it yet, it shouldn’t be a big problem. ” The Phoebe zhennan was a rare tree species, so it was definitely not something that could be sold openly. However, Liang Qichao naturally had his own ways. Xia ruofei continued,”brother Liang, my friend wants to transplant the whole tree. If the tree has been cut down, he won’t want it.” “Then I’ll quickly ask!” “This thing is very valuable,” Liang Qichao said quickly.”The villagers might chop it up and sell it if they find out.” Xia ruofei said,”okay!” I’ll have to trouble you then, brother Liang. You can make the decision for me and negotiate the fees!” Liang Qichao was still thinking about this matter, so the two of them hung up the phone without talking much. After a while, Liang Qichao called. Xia ruofei heard his excited voice as soon as he answered the call.””Ruofei, I’ve asked around. That tree is still there!” Then, he said with lingering fear,””But this matter is really mysterious! The villagers of that village are really preparing to secretly cut down the trees to exchange for money. Fortunately, I asked in time!” “That’s good!” Xia ruofei heaved a sigh of relief. At the same time, he was glad that he had made this decision early. Liang Qichao continued,”I’ve talked about the price as well. They’re insistent on 800000 ... But the price is only slightly higher than the market price. It’s still acceptable. After all, the price of the Phoebe zhennan is rising every day. It’s definitely not a loss to buy it!” Xia ruofei said without hesitation,”I’ll take it!” Brother Liang, I’ll transfer 800000 Yuan to your account immediately. Please help me deal with this matter! As for the transportation fees, I’ll pay you back later!” “Alright! Don’t worry, leave it to me!” “That’s right,” Liang Qichao said.”Send me your friend’s address. I’ll get them to send it over.” “Just pull him to my holiday villa!” Xia ruofei said,”we’ll handle the rest by ourselves!” “Alright!” Liang Qichao said. Precious trees like the Phoebe zhennan were not allowed to be sold in public. However, Liang Qichao had his own channels, so he agreed readily. He was quite happy to do Xia ruofei’s powerful friend a favor. After hanging up, Xia ruofei immediately drove to Changping County and transferred 800000 Yuan to Liang Qichao’s company account. In the next few days, Xia ruofei spent his time waiting. Other than going into the medium to take care of the succulent and red Arowana, he would wander around the construction site. Xia ruofei was filled with satisfaction as he watched his farm take shape day by day. Ling Qingxue had also come to look for Xia ruofei twice. Since the last time they met, the “first kiss storm” seemed to have passed, and the two of them got along very naturally again. In front of Xia ruofei, Ling Qingxue was like a completely different person from her usual cold self. Not only was she very talkative, but she also liked to smile very much. Xia ruofei’s one sentence would often make her tremble. Her smile was very infectious. When Xia ruofei was with her, his mood unconsciously became happy. On the afternoon of the fifth day, the Phoebe zhennan wood that Xia ruofei had been looking forward to finally arrived. A container truck drove to the entrance of the villa. A tall man in his late twenties alighted from the truck and shook hands with Xia ruofei, who had come down to check on the situation.”You must be Mr. Xia? Our President Liang asked me to bring this nanmu to you. ” Xia ruofei was overjoyed to hear this. He quickly asked manager li to find some workers to unload the thick Phoebe zhennan wood from the truck and place it in the villa’s courtyard. Because this nanmu was quite valuable, some small branches that were cut off for the convenience of transportation were also transported with the truck. The workers also unloaded the branches from the car. The tall man said to Xia ruofei,”Mr. Xia, this tree has already been transported for more than three days, so if you want to transplant it, you may have to hurry.” This nanmu did look a little listless. Many of its branches and leaves had already wilted, and it looked very dispirited. “Alright, thank you!” Xia ruofei said with a smile. The tall man said a few polite words and bade Xia ruofei farewell. He got on the container truck and left the villa. Manager li and the workers were all gathered around the Phoebe zhennan wood, looking at the thick tree with great curiosity and whispering. Xia ruofei thought for a while and went back to the villa to lock the door. Then, he entered the spirit map space and fetched a bucket of spatial spirit pool water. He then resolutely took out a strange flower petal and put it into the water. Then, he left the space with the bucket. After keeping the painting, Xia ruofei carried the bucket back to the yard. Manager li urged the workers to go back to work. Xia ruofei thought for a while and stopped manager li.”Manager li, everyone has been working hard these past few days, so let’s not work overtime tonight and let everyone relax! It doesn’t matter if the deadline is a day earlier or a day later. ” Actually, Xia ruofei wanted to deal with the Phoebe zhennan wood at night. If there were people at the construction site all night, it would be inconvenient. Since Xia ruofei had said so, manager li was naturally happy and relaxed. He repeatedly expressed his gratitude and went to the construction site to supervise the workers. Xia ruofei locked the door and walked around the nanmu with a bucket of water. He sprinkled the petal solution on the leaves and then poured the remaining half of the bucket on the roots of the nanmu. He was finally relieved. He believed that with the petals of this strange flower, this nanmu tree worth more than 800000 Yuan would not die before it was transplanted. Xia ruofei returned to his bedroom upstairs and looked at the nanmu in the yard from the balcony. For the time being, he could only leave it there. He could only start to work when the workers went back at night. Xia ruofei thought for a while and entered the spirit map space in his bedroom. He carried a shovel and a hoe to the place where he had scattered the ginseng seeds. Now, the ginseng seeds had all sprouted, and they had grown into inch – long seedlings, scattered sparsely in the area. Xia ruofei found an empty space next to the ginseng seedling and dug a big hole. He was going to plant the Phoebe zhennan next to the ginseng. After the Phoebe zhennan had survived, the area of the crown would be huge. By then, it would definitely be able to cover the ginseng’s growing area and create better conditions for the shady ginseng to grow. All they could do now was wait. The workers left work in the evening, and the construction site soon quieted down. Xia ruofei patiently waited until the second half of the night. When the workers on duty at the construction site were all asleep, he went downstairs to the courtyard. The Phoebe zhennan tree, after being nourished by the petal solution, was much more energetic than when it was unloading the truck. Xia ruofei summoned the spirit painting and placed it gently at the side. Then, he grabbed the Phoebe zhennan wood with both hands and started to connect with the space. He was also very nervous after Yingying obtained the space. He had never tried to send such a big guy into the space directly. Although the realm had evolved a few times and Xia ruofei had been absorbing the petal solution continuously, his mental connection with the realm had become much closer. However, he was still not confident. However, Xia ruofei had no other way out. He could only try. He took a deep breath, made up his mind, and sent a command to the space ... [PS] I’ll be on Sanjiang recommendation this week. Please give me your Sanjiang tickets. Qidian’s readers can get one ticket every day. It’s free and is on the old website, Sanjiang channel. After getting it, the voting will also be on that channel page. It’s a little troublesome. Thank you, everyone!Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m