Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

Chapter 90: Chapter 88 – prospered_1

The 70 – centimeter – thick tree trembled at first, then disappeared into thin air with a Swoosh. Xia ruofei’s face turned pale and his head was in so much pain that it felt like it was going to split open. It was as if thousands of needles were being inserted into his head at the same time. He felt as if his entire body had been hollowed out. His entire body swayed a few times and was on the verge of collapsing. This was a sign of mental exhaustion. Xia ruofei quickly kept the painting in his palm. He held the wall with one hand and took out a bottle of mineral water from his pocket with the other. Inside was half a bottle of the spatial spirit pond water that Xia ruofei had prepared in advance. It was filled with the petal solution. Xia ruofei opened the bottle cap and gulped down half a bottle of water. Only then did he feel his energy slowly recovering. He had no doubt that if he didn’t take the petal solution immediately, it would cause permanent damage to his brain. Xia ruofei rested for a while before he fully recovered. He couldn’t help but feel a lingering fear that Youyou would really act according to her own abilities in the future. Today’s actions were really a bit risky. However, Xia ruofei believed that with the evolution of the realm and his continuous absorption of the petal solution, he would be able to easily transport the nanmu in the near future. Xia ruofei checked his condition and felt that there was no problem. He could feel that the overexertion this time had strengthened his connection with the space. However, Xia ruofei did not dare to try again. He would rather improve gradually and steadily. He returned to the villa, went straight to the bedroom, and locked the door and windows. Then, he summoned the spirit painting from his palm and entered the space. When Xia ruofei was sending the Phoebe zhennan into the space, he could only control the position of its appearance as it was too big. After entering, Xia ruofei took a look and felt very lucky. The Phoebe zhennan wood had basically fallen into the big pit that he had dug in advance according to his instructions, but it was slightly tilted. If it had fallen somewhere else, it would have crushed the things in the space and Xia ruofei would have to move it back into the hole. Even in this situation, Xia ruofei had to put in a lot of effort. He had even built a simple pulley mechanism to straighten the big tree. Xia ruofei found a few thick wooden sticks to support the Phoebe zhennan tree and then filled the hole with soil. Then, he poured some water from the spirit pond in his space and a bottle of petal solution that he had prepared. These few days, Xia ruofei’s flower petals had been used up very quickly. Now, he only had six petals left. However, these expenses were worth it. In the future, it would produce hundreds or thousands of times the benefits. Moreover, he could harvest five petals every three days. As long as he saved them, it would be enough. Xia ruofei left the medium. When he was about to take a shower and sleep, he suddenly thought of the branches that he had cut off from the Phoebe zhennan tree in the courtyard. He had an idea and quickly went downstairs to the courtyard. He kept all the branches into the spirit map space. Compared to the entire golden Phoebe zhennan tree, collecting these branches was naturally as easy as blowing off dust. Then, Xia ruofei returned to his bedroom and entered the medium again. He picked out the slightly larger branches one by one and counted more than 20. Then, Xia ruofei dug a hole in the open space outside the interspace and inserted the selected branches into the soil one by one. Then, he got some water from the spiritual pond and watered them one by one. If it were in the outside world, the cutting would not have been successful. Even in the medium, Xia ruofei was not confident, so he did not waste the precious petals. His idea was simple – those branches were lost anyway, and if one or two of them survived, it would be a profit for him. Even if none of them survived, he wouldn’t lose anything! Xia ruofei threw the remaining small leaves under the big nanmu tree. They would soon rot and become nutrients for the nanmu tree. It could be considered that the leaves had returned to their roots. …… For the next half a month, Xia ruofei spent most of his time in the villa. Other than providing vegetables to the two families, he would walk around the construction site and take care of the various plants and animals in the interspace. During this period, Xia ruofei carried out three more batches of cutting and breeding. Every five days, he would put new succulent seedlings on the internet to sell, but they would be sold out every time. Half a month in the outside world was almost a year in the medium. Now, the space was thriving. The Phoebe zhennan tree had long survived and had even grown a circle. Now, it was full of leaves and branches. What surprised Xia ruofei even more was that the twenty or so branches of the Phoebe zhennan that had been casually planted in the soil of the space had all survived and were growing quite well. This also made Xia ruofei reevaluate the value of this spirit map space. The vegetables were picked one after another, needless to say. The fish in the space fish pond had grown to more than three catties. Even if time was not taken into account, the growth rate was still quite amazing. The precious Red Arowana had already grown to nearly 40 centimeters, and its scales had all turned pure red. It was very pleasing to the eye as it swam in the small pond. This Red Arowana was a female and had basically reached the adult stage. In order to match the red Arowana, Xia ruofei even made a trip to the seafood market. He was quite lucky. There was a store that was selling a Red Arowana of similar size. Xia ruofei spent more than 20000 Yuan to buy this fish. There were already two red Arowana in the small fish pond in the space. However, the one that was let in later was not as good as his “wife” in terms of the purity of its scales or its spirit. However, Xia ruofei believed that this male fish would grow better and better in no time. The piece of Phoebe zhennan wood placed in the space had also been completely oxidized. Beautiful golden threads appeared on the wood, and under the light, these golden threads connected together like golden clouds. It was obviously a top – grade piece of Phoebe zhennan wood. Just this small piece of material alone was worth at least 100000 Yuan. This gave Xia ruofei more confidence in planting the Phoebe zhennan in the medium. In the outside world, Xia ruofei’s Paradise Farm had already taken shape. Eight huge modern film greenhouses were being built at the same time. The roads in the farm were also beginning to take shape, and the orchards in the back mountain were also being developed. The laying of various pipelines, the construction of fences, the greenery in the field, and the construction of fish ponds were all progressing steadily. At this rate, there would be no pressure to deliver it before the Spring Festival. There were more than 20 days until the Spring Festival. Xia ruofei remembered that he had not visited professor Tian for a long time and decided to go to the city. It was also a courtesy visit before the Spring Festival. So, after calling professor Tian, he picked up some vegetables from the space, went to the fish pond in the space, and caught a few carps that weighed more than 1.5 kilograms. He then drove the pickup truck straight to San Shan city. Xia ruofei, who had been here once before, drove to professor Tian’s house with ease. He easily lifted the 20 – 30 pound vegetable basket in one hand and the koi tied with a straw rope in the other and came to the front of the courtyard. He put down the vegetable basket and rang the doorbell. After a short while, Xia ruofei heard the sound of hurried footsteps. After the metal door opened, Xia ruofei saw Tian Huilan’s daughter, Lu You. After seeing Xia ruofei, the joy on Lu You’s face instantly turned into shock. After a while, she furrowed her brows and said,””Why are you here?” [PS] I’ll continue to ask for Sanjiang tickets. Qidian’s readers can get one ticket every day. It’s free and is on the old website, Sanjiang channel. After getting it, the voting will also be on that channel page. It’s a little troublesome. Thank you, everyone! (Readers can open the introduction page of any book with the new version, and you can still find the entrance to the Sanjiang channel in the navigation menu above.)