Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 92: Compassion (1)

“Xingxing’s child?” Xia ruofei repeated in confusion as he did not understand. Professor Tian sighed and said,”it’s autism. We call it autism in China. It’s a congenital nervous system disease. These children live in their own world. They generally have serious language and social barriers ...” “Grandpa, why are you saying so much?” Lu You complained in a low voice. “Xia is not an outsider,” professor Tian said nonchalantly.”What’s there to hide?” “Yes, yes, yes. There’s nothing I can’t say,” Ma Zhiming quickly said. It could be seen that he still respected this father – in – Law very much. Xia ruofei said apologetically,””I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to pry into your privacy. It’s just that Huanhuan is so cute, and her appearance ...” Tian Huixin hugged Huan Huan and said with a bitter smile,””Children with autism look the same as ordinary children. In fact, many Star Children look cuter than ordinary children.” Xia ruofei looked at Huan Huan, who was completely immersed in her own world, and asked,””This illness ... Is it very troublesome to treat?” Tian Huixin sighed.”Yes. At present, there is no medicine in the world that can treat autism. What can be done is to help the child master survival and social skills as much as possible through perceptual integration training and some other supplementary correction.” However, Huanhuan’s condition is rather serious. Even though we’ve hired a top – notch special mentor, she still can’t speak ...” At this point, Tian Huixin was a little choked up. She gently kissed Huanhuan’s pink and Jade – like face and said with red eyes,””My greatest wish is to hear Huanhuan call me ‘mother’ in person while I’m still alive. Even if it’s just once, I’m fine with that ...” After saying this, Tian Huixin couldn’t help but sob. Huanhuan, on the other hand, was completely unaware of her mother’s sadness. She was still staring at the little top in her hand, and her head would shake from time to time, which was a sign of a serious imbalance in her senses. Ma Zhiming walked over and gently put his arm around his wife’s shoulder, comforting her in a low voice. Lu You glared at Xia ruofei unhappily and said,””How can you be like this? Why are you asking so many questions? You made my aunt cry ...” “Youyou! How can you say that?” Professor Tian frowned and shouted. “It is!” Lu You said indignantly,”Huanhuan’s matter is a sore spot for aunty. Our family members won’t take the initiative to mention it, but he keeps asking this and that. Isn’t he rubbing salt in aunty’s wound?” “You should stop talking!” Professor Tian glared at Lu You and said. “Youyou, it’s alright.” Ma Zhiming quickly said. Xia Sheng only asked because he was concerned about Huanhuan. ” Seeing that everyone in the family was speaking up for Xia ruofei, Lu You snorted and sat on the sofa in a fit of pique. She was so angry that she stopped talking. Tian Huixin wiped her tears and said to Xia ruofei,””Mr. Xia, I’m sorry to have embarrassed myself ...” Xia ruofei also said awkwardly,””Mrs. Tian, I really don’t mean to pry into your privacy. Actually ... The reason why I want to know more is because I’ve learned a few ancient prescriptions, one of which is quite effective for nervous system diseases. So, I want to confirm the specific conditions of autism and see if I can help you ...” Tian Huixin only smiled faintly and said,””Mr. Xia, I appreciate your kindness. We can’t even remember how many famous neurologists we’ve taken Huanhuan to over the past few years. We’ve also seen many Chinese medicine doctors, but ...” Hearing this, professor Tian coughed a few times. Tian Huixin suddenly realized that her words were a little inappropriate, so she said a little awkwardly,””Mr. Xia, don’t misunderstand ... I ... Don’t mean to doubt you ...” Xia ruofei smiled and said,””It’s fine. Actually, I’m not confident myself. After all, that prescription has not been tested on an autistic patient.” Naturally, Xia ruofei did not have any ancient methods. He only felt a little sympathy for Huanhuan when he saw that she was such a cute little girl, but she was living in her own world and did not care about the reactions of the outside world. Since it was a problem with the development of the nervous system, he felt that the petals of the strange flower might be helpful to her condition, so he took the initiative to mention it. If Tian Huixin had no intention of asking him to treat her, he would naturally not rush to do this. Professor Tian was moved by Xia ruofei’s words and quickly asked,”Xiao Xia, did the same person teach you the ancient prescription that you mentioned and the one that treated my illness and rejuvenated my body last time?” Xia ruofei smiled faintly.”Yes, it’s all recorded in an incomplete medical book that the old Chinese doctor left me. But I’ve never tried to treat people with autism.” After professor Tian received the confirmation, he said excitedly,””Then it’s worth a try!” After saying that, he turned to Tian Huixin and Ma Zhiming and said,”Huixin, Zhiming, little Xia’s prescription is very magical. The last time I had a heart attack, it was very dangerous, and it was Xiao Xia’s Chinese medicine that saved my life. The doctor said that if I didn’t take the right medicine in the early stages, I wouldn’t have made it to the hospital!” He paused for a moment before continuing.”In addition, the Chinese medicine that Xiao Xia prescribed for me is also very effective. My legs that have been suffering from cold for decades have been completely cured!” Tian Huixin and Ma Zhiming looked at each other. Both of them were moved by professor Tian’s words. However, Tian Huixin had just declined Xia ruofei’s good intentions, so she was a little embarrassed to speak again. Xia ruofei looked at the couple and smiled.””Mr. MA, Mrs. Tian, I’m very willing to try to help Huanhuan. The side effects of Chinese medicine are very small. Even if there is no effect, the child will be fine.” Ma Zhiming finally made up his mind and said,”Mr. Xia, I’ll trouble you to treat my daughter! No matter if it’s effective or not, we’ll still thank you properly. ” Lu You, who was sulking, couldn’t help but stand up and say,””Little uncle, are you serious? Do you really believe that he can cure autism? Look at his age, does he look like he has great medical skills? He also said that he has no experience in treating people with autism ...” “Youyou, shut up!” Professor Tian’s face darkened as he rebuked. This is getting more and more outrageous. Xiao Xia has good intentions, and he’s my Savior. How can you be so rude?” “Grandpa!” Lu youjiao said,”we have to believe in science ...” “Can science cure your grandfather’s acute myocardial infarction? Could science have recuperated my body so well in such a short time? Science, science, science itself is a kind of superstition!” Professor Tian said bluntly,”China’s Traditional Chinese Medicine is broad and profound. Who would dare to Pat their chest and say that Traditional Chinese Medicine can’t cure autism?” Seeing this, Lu You shook her head helplessly. In her opinion, her grandfather must have been bewitched by Xia ruofei to believe him so unconditionally. Professor Tian glared at Lu You again before turning to Xia ruofei and saying,””Xia, it’s all my fault for not teaching Youyou well. That’s why she’s so arrogant. Please don’t take it to heart!” Xia ruofei laughed and said,””She won ‘t. She’s actually doing this for Huanhuan’s own good! Everyone’s starting point is the same. ” Lu You pouted. It was obvious that this girl did not appreciate Xia ruofei’s kindness. However, Xia ruofei did not mind. He just smiled and said,””Then I’ll go to the pharmacy to get all the herbs I need, and then come back to boil the medicine!” “Okay, okay, okay. I’ll leave it to you, Xiao Xia ...” Tian Huixin said quickly. Xia ruofei nodded with a smile and walked out of the door. At this moment, Lu You also quickly followed. “Youyou, what are you doing?” professor Tian shouted. “Huanhuan!” Lu You said without turning her head,”I bought the medicine for Huanhuan. I have to follow him!” Let’s see if he’s up to any tricks ...” “Nonsense, aren’t you coming back?” Professor Tian was furious. Xia ruofei, however, did not seem to mind. He turned around and said,””Professor Tian, it’s fine. Since Lu You wants to follow, then let her follow. ” “This ...” Professor Tian shook his head helplessly. He could not help but glare at Lu You. Xia ruofei said to Lu You,”then let’s go!” I’ll try to get there as soon as possible ...” Lu You snorted softly and ignored Xia ruofei. She followed Xia ruofei out of the door. Soon, there was the sound of an engine. Xia ruofei drove the pickup truck with the Secretary’s daughter, Lu You, and headed to the nearest Chinese medicine clinic. [PS] it’s the last two or three days. I’ll continue to ask for Sanjiang tickets. Qidian’s readers can get one ticket every day. It’s free and is on the old website, Sanjiang channel. After getting it, the voting will also be on that channel page. It’s a little troublesome.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m