Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 94: Brewing medicine (1)

Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“No way? Is there really such a coincidence?” “Are you sure you didn’t get the wrong person?” Lu You asked in disbelief. Yueyue looked at Lu You unhappily and said,””Youyou, do you really think I’m a child? How can you make a mistake?” Then, Yueyue looked at Xia ruofei and asked,””Big brother, what happened to the injury on your arm? Are you alright?” Xia ruofei smiled and said,”I’ve recovered a long time ago.” By the way, you don’t have to call me big brother. Let me introduce myself, I’m Xia ruofei. ” “Mm! Big brother Xia!” Yueyue said happily,”my name is Jiang Yue. I’m Youyou’s best friend and roommate in University. By the way, you guys ...” “We’re not close!” Xia ruofei and Lu You said in unison. Jiang Yue looked at the tacit understanding between the two of them and a smile appeared in her eyes. Lu You immediately shouted,”Yueyue, what’s with that expression?” I’m really not familiar with him at all, don’t think too much ...” Following that, Lu You pulled Jiang Yue over and whispered into her ear,””Also! Even if he did save you, don’t try to repay him with your body! I don’t think this guy is a good person at all. Be careful not to suffer losses!” Jiang Yue’s face immediately turned red and she said in embarrassment,””Youyou, what are you talking about? What body ... I’m going to scratch you if you say anything else!” Although the two of them spoke softly, Xia ruofei had absorbed so many petals of the strange flower that his hearing was far beyond ordinary people. He heard every word of their conversation and felt very embarrassed. Fortunately, the shop assistant had prepared all the medicinal herbs that Xia ruofei needed and packed them according to Xia ruofei’s request. Xia ruofei hurried over to pay and bought a dozen vacuum – sealed bags that were used to store the brewed Chinese medicine. “Jiang Yue,” he said to Jiang Yue,”I have something urgent to attend to. I’ll be leaving now!” After saying that, he carried the wrapped Chinese medicinal herbs and said to Lu You,””Let’s go!” “Where are we going?” Lu You asked subconsciously. Xia ruofei laughed.”I’ve already bought the medicine. Of course, I’m going back.” “Ah ... Oh!” Lu You was stunned for a moment before she said. The entire process of buying the medicine was very simple. It seemed to be a little different from what Lu You had imagined. Xia ruofei didn’t hide anything. He told her what herbs he needed and left immediately after he bought them. It could be said that other than meeting Jiang Yue by chance, there was nothing abnormal about her. At this moment, Xia ruofei was almost at the entrance of the store. Lu You did not have the time to think too much. She informed Jiang Yue and hurriedly chased after her. Jiang Yue also chased after him and asked,””Brother Xia, when are you free? I wanted to treat you to a meal to express my gratitude ...” Xia ruofei placed the herbs on the back seat of the pickup truck and opened the door to the driver’s seat. He then turned to Jiang Yue and smiled,””Last time was just a small matter, you don’t have to thank me!” At this moment, Lu You had already gotten into the car. Xia ruofei started the car and waved at Jiang Yue with a smile before stepping on the accelerator and driving away from the entrance of the pharmacy. Jiang Yue shouted from behind,”Hey!” Brother Xia, please give me your number ...” However, before she could finish her sentence, the car had already driven away. Jiang Yue finally managed to find Xia ruofei, but he ran away without even giving her his number. Naturally, she was in a bad mood. However, she quickly put on a bright smile and muttered to herself,””At least I know your name! Besides, Youyou must know your phone number. I’ll ask her for it later!” Jiang Yue looked at the pickup truck that was driving further and further away and smiled. She then turned around and went back to the pharmacy to buy some medicine. In the pickup truck, Xia ruofei was driving without any distractions. However, when Lu You turned to look at him for the third time, he finally could not help but ask,””Miss Lu, I don’t think there are any flowers on my face, right? Or have you finally discovered my handsome side?” Lu You snorted and said in disdain,””Tsk! You’re daydreaming! I just wanted to see how different the soldier Yueyue has been talking about for two months is ...” Then, Lu You said suspiciously,””I say ... Don’t tell me you’re lusting after Yueyue’s beauty and deliberately found someone to put on a show of a hero saving a beauty?” Xia ruofei couldn’t help but roll his eyes. He couldn’t even be bothered to explain such a stupid question. This girl was really full of malice towards him! He didn’t know if it was because of the conflicting eight characters, but he didn’t seem to have provoked her at all! Xia ruofei criticized in his mind. Seeing that Xia ruofei was ignoring her, Lu You lost interest in talking. The two of them returned to professor Tian’s building in silence. In the living room, Huanhuan was still playing alone. Sometimes she would make some meaningless sounds, and sometimes she would suddenly stand up and walk around in circles on tiptoes. Seeing Xia ruofei and Lu You enter, professor Tian and the rest stood up to welcome them. Xia ruofei took the initiative to show everyone the Chinese medicine packet in his hand. He smiled and said,”The medicine has been bought. I’ll go brew the medicine now!” “Xia Sheng, I’ll have to trouble you!” Ma Zhiming said gratefully. Whether Xia ruofei’s medicine would be effective or not, at least he had good intentions. Ma Zhiming and his wife were grateful to Xia ruofei from the bottom of their hearts. As for the effects of the medicine, the two of them really didn’t have much hope. With their family’s financial resources, what famous doctor couldn’t they hire? However, autism was a difficult medical problem in the world, and there was no way to completely cure it. “Professor Tian, I need a clay pot,” Xia ruofei said to professor Tian. “There’s one in the kitchen, follow me!” Professor Tian said. Xia ruofei followed professor Tian to the kitchen. When they reached the door, he turned around and said to Lu You, who was trying to follow him,””Miss Lu, the process of brewing the medicine is very important. There can’t be any interference, so ...” After he finished speaking, Xia ruofei shrugged and looked at Lu You. Before Lu You could say anything, professor Tian frowned and said,””Youyou, go to the living room and play with Huanhuan! Xiao Xia’s prescription is so precious, of course it has to be kept a secret. What are you doing following us in?” Lu You could only roll her eyes at Xia ruofei. Then, she pouted and left the kitchen. Professor Tian found a clay pot for Xia ruofei and told him how to use the gas stove. Then, he left the kitchen. Xia ruofei put the herbs into the clay pot, added water, and then boiled the medicine on the gas stove. Before Xia ruofei joined the military, he had brewed Chinese medicine for his grandfather when he was sick, so he was no stranger to it. The brewing process of Chinese medicine was a very boring waiting process. All they needed to do was to watch over the whole process and control the fire from time to time. During this process, professor Tian and the others were very tactful and did not disturb Xia ruofei in the kitchen. Xia ruofei had mixed about ten doses of medicine. After it was done, he poured the Chinese medicine into a ceramic soup pot. Then, he took out the small stainless steel wine pot and poured one – third of the solution of the petals of the strange flower into the medicinal soup. He stirred it well. The next step was to wait for the medicinal soup to cool down. It would take a long time to cool down such a big pot of medicinal soup, but Xia ruofei had a way. He directly summoned the spirit map scroll from his body and then put the porcelain pot filled with medicinal soup into the spirit map space. After waiting in the kitchen for about two minutes, Xia ruofei took out the ceramic soup pot again. As expected, after more than 40 minutes of cooling in the medium, the medicinal soup had already dropped to a temperature that was edible. Xia ruofei first filled a small ceramic bowl with food. Then, he took out the vacuum – packed bag he had bought in the pharmacy, divided the medicinal liquid into nine parts, sealed them, and put them in the refrigerator for storage. Then, he walked out of the kitchen with the bowl of medicinal soup. [PS] it’s the last two or three days. I’ll continue to ask for Sanjiang tickets. Qidian’s readers can get one ticket every day. It’s free and is on the old website, Sanjiang channel. After getting it, the voting will also be on that channel page. It’s a little troublesome.