Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Chapter 95: Natural affinity (1)

Xia ruofei walked into the living room with the medicinal soup and saw Tian Huilan in a business suit talking to Tian Huixin and her husband. He went up and greeted,””Secretary Tian,” Tian Huilan’s official appointment had been made. She was now a member of the southeast Provincial Party Committee and the Secretary of the Sanshan Municipal Party Committee. This appointment would naturally be on the Southeast News. Everyone in Sanshan city knew about it, and Xia ruofei was naturally aware of it. In fact, Wu Liqian had already taken up a position in Changping County. She even gave Xia ruofei a call and told him that if he needed anything in Changping County in the future, he could call her on his personal phone. This was a clear sign of goodwill. Tian Huilan smiled gently and said,””Little Xia, I heard from Huixin that you went to brew Chinese medicine for Huanhuan. Thank you for your hard work!” “You’re welcome. I’m not confident in this prescription either.” Xia ruofei smiled and said,”but I really hope that I can help Huanhuan. She’s such a cute child. It’ll be a pity if she’s always like this ...” Tian Huilan sighed and nodded in agreement. Xia ruofei said,”by the way, the Chinese medicine is ready. Let Huanhuan drink it once!” I’ve made a total of ten portions, and the other nine have been stored in the refrigerator. You can just feed them three times a day! If this medicine is right, you should be able to see the effect in three days. ” “Okay, thank you, little Xia.” Tian Huixin replied. Meanwhile, Lu You, who was playing with Huanhuan, secretly pouted. It was obvious that she didn’t agree with Xia ruofei’s claim that it would take effect in three days. Chinese medicine itself took a longer time to take effect, and the treatment of autism had always been a long and drawn out battle. The so – called effect in three days was basically a fantasy. In fact, even Tian Huixin, Tian Huilan, and Ma Zhiming did not have high hopes for it. However, out of courtesy, they would not voice their doubts. After all, Xia ruofei had good intentions. Professor Tian was the only one who was looking forward to Xia ruofei’s medicine. He said eagerly,””Huixin, quickly feed the medicine to Huanhuan!” “En!” Tian Huixin replied. Then, she took the bowl of medicine from Xia ruofei’s hands, walked to Huanhuan, and squatted down. She said gently,””Huanhuan, drink this medicine and you’ll be better ...” Huan Huan turned a deaf ear to him and did not look at Tian Huixin. Tian Huixin could only force a smile and bring the bowl of medicine closer to Huan Huan. However, when Huan Huan smelled the Chinese medicine, she immediately smacked the bowl in disgust. Fortunately, Tian Huixin was already very familiar with Huan Huan’s various actions, so she withdrew her hand in time and the medicinal soup did not spill out. She shook her head helplessly, then looked at her husband and said,””Zhiming, we can only force her to drink ...” Ma Zhiming nodded with a bitter smile. He walked over and hugged Huan Huan. Unlike other children, Huan Huan didn’t enjoy her parents ‘hugs very much. She seemed to be very repulsed, constantly struggling in Ma Zhiming’s arms. “Mr. MA, Ms. Tian, why don’t you ... Let me try?” Xia ruofei couldn’t help but ask. “You? Even my little aunt and uncle can’t do anything about it, how can you make Huanhuan take the medicine obediently?” Lu You couldn’t help but mock when she heard this. “Xiao Xia, Huanhuan ... She’s a little out of control,” Tian Huixin said, feeling troubled.”Besides, she can’t understand what the adults are saying. I’m afraid ...” Xia ruofei smiled gently and said,””I’ll try. If it really doesn’t work, you can pour the medicine down!” Tian Huixin thought for a moment, then nodded and said,”Alright, I’ll have to trouble you then.” Xia ruofei took the bowl of soup from Tian Huixin’s hands and squatted down in front of Huanhuan. He said with a pleasant expression,””Huanhuan ...” Although Huan Huan raised her head to look at Xia ruofei, her eyes were still very distant. She did not look at Xia ruofei and quickly lowered her head to play with her spinning top. Xia ruofei noticed that Huanhuan seemed to like rotating objects very much. When he was searching for the prescription for autism, he also saw that many children with autism had this characteristic. He took out a coin from his pocket and flicked it gently. The coin immediately began to spin quickly on the ground. Sure enough, Huanhuan’s eyes fell on the coin and she reached out her small hand to grab it. Xia ruofei picked up the coin before she could. Without a second thought, Huan Huan snatched the coin from Xia ruofei’s hand. Xia ruofei flipped his hand and opened his palm. The coin had disappeared. In fact, Xia ruofei had quickly caught the coin between his fingers. As long as Huan Huan flipped her hand over Xia ruofei’s palm, she would see it. However, Xia ruofei’s actions were so fast that not only Huanhuan, but even the adults present could not see the mystery behind it. Huan Huan looked confused. Xia ruofei flipped his hand and opened his palm. The coin appeared in his palm again. A pure smile appeared on Huanhuan’s face. She seemed to be amused by this interesting little magic trick. She reached out her little hand to take the coin. Xia ruofei shook his hand and said,””Huanhuan, drink the medicine. I’ll make the coin appear for you, okay?” he said. Huan Huan blinked her eyes. She did not understand what Xia ruofei was saying. Xia ruofei pointed at the bowl of medicine and said,””You’ll get coins if you drink the medicine!” After he finished speaking, Xia ruofei opened and closed his right hand again. The coin appeared and disappeared in a flash. Huan Huan was so amused that she could not help but giggle. The couple, Ma Zhiming and Tian Huixin, were dumbfounded. It was the first time they had seen someone who could make their daughter so happy. A professional correction teacher might have some special methods to make Huanhuan follow the instructions, but they would not be able to attract Huanhuan’s attention so quickly. Lu You’s face was full of disdain at first, but now, her eyes slowly widened and she revealed a look of disbelief. Huanhuan finally looked at the bowl of medicine. Xia ruofei used his right hand to’ perform magic ‘and brought the bowl closer to Huanhuan’s mouth. Surprisingly, Huan Huan did not refuse. She took a small sip and frowned. The Chinese medicine tasted a little bitter, but after mixing it with the petal solution, the bitter taste was reduced a lot. It did not seem to be unacceptable. Hence, Xia ruofei mustered up his courage and used this simple magic trick to tease Huanhuan while feeding her half a bowl of medicinal soup. The living room was very quiet. It was only after Huan Huan had finished drinking all the medicine that Tian Huixin came over with a look of surprise and took the empty bowl. She said,””Little Xia, you’re really good at this!” “Xia Sheng,” Ma Zhiming also said happily,”if it weren’t for the fact that you knew nothing about autism, I would’ve thought that you were a professional special teaching teacher!” “Actually, I’m just giving it a try. Maybe Huanhuan and I hit it off!” Xia ruofei said humbly. As if to confirm Xia ruofei’s words, Huan Huan, who had just taken her medicine, immediately pounced over and forcefully pried on Xia ruofei’s fingers, trying to find the coin. Her pink little face kept rubbing against Xia ruofei’s body as if Xia ruofei had a natural affinity that made her want to get close to him. This scene made everyone burst into laughter, and Tian Huixin’s eyes were clearly still filled with tears. As a mother of an autistic child, her journey had been too difficult. Every little improvement in Huanhuan could make Tian Huixin cry with joy. Although they had just taken the medicine once, and the effects were still unknown, Tian Huixin and Ma Zhiming still felt a glimmer of hope for some reason. Huan Huan kept pestering Xia ruofei, and Xia ruofei liked this little girl who was as fair as a porcelain doll. He sat on the living room floor and played with her. Xia ruofei’s prescription was to calm the nerves. With the help of the flower petal solution, Huanhuan quickly became sleepy and fell asleep on Xia ruofei’s lap. Xia ruofei carefully picked up Huanhuan and passed her to Tian Huixin. He said softly,””It’s probably the effect of Chinese medicine. Let her sleep first! After she wakes up, feed her something and then take the medicine. ” “Thank you! Little Xia. ” Tian Huixin said sincerely. Xia ruofei smiled and said,”you’re welcome. Take Huanhuan to the bedroom ...” Tian Huixin carefully took Huan Huan and carried her to the bedroom upstairs. Xia ruofei tidied up his clothes and walked to the sofa in the living room. Lu You, who was standing at the side, looked at Xia ruofei with a complicated expression. This man, who had left a bad impression on her from the start, had become a little unpredictable in her eyes ... [PS] it’s the last two days, I’ll continue to ask for Sanjiang tickets. Qidian’s readers can get one ticket every day. It’s free and is on the old website, Sanjiang channel. After getting it, the voting will also be on that channel page. It’s a little troublesome.