Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 950: Reborn (1)

Translator: 549690339

Xia ruofei stayed in the spirit map space for more than ten days.

For the first seven or eight days, he had been immersed in studying a large number of ancient books. The contents of these ancient books had all been imprinted in his mind, so his learning speed was quite fast.

When he was hungry, he would eat some bread. When he was thirsty, he would drink the water from the spiritual pond. When he felt sleepy, he would take a nap on the recliner.

In fact, after Xia ruofei entered Qi disciple Level 4, it was not a problem for him to not eat or sleep for a few days. It was mostly due to his biological clock that he had cultivated in the past.

Xia ruofei also specifically learned about spiritual power.

It turned out that in the system of cultivators, there were also people who specialized in mental power. The levels of mental power were divided into spiritual movement, spiritual palpitations, spiritual Yan, and spiritual void. Each level was also divided into early, middle, and late stages, which corresponded to Warriors of the yellow, black, earth, and heaven ranks, and cultivators of the Qi cultivation stage from Level 1 to level 10.

Ever since Xia ruofei had obtained the spirit map space, his spiritual power had been constantly being tempered. Especially after he started to drink the spirit nourishment soup regularly, his spiritual power had improved by leaps and bounds.

He compared it with the standards in the ancient records and was surprised to find that his mental power had already reached the late – Stage of the spirit palpitations realm.

This meant that he was equivalent to a Qi disciple Level 6 or a Mystic late phase.

This had already surpassed his cultivation system by two realms.

Of course, Xia ruofei also clearly realized that his spiritual power was only an accumulation of quantity. In terms of application, it was still quite rough. After all, he had not systematically learned it before and had to explore it by himself.

It was like a child getting a powerful submachine gun, but the safety couldn’t be unlocked. The submachine gun in the hands of a child was no different from a fire Stick.

Fortunately, there were many ancient books and records about mental strength. Xia ruofei’s shortcoming had been fixed.

In the past few days, he had a systematic understanding of the spiritual force system. At the same time, he had also learned a few small tricks on the use of spiritual force, mainly related to hypnosis.

Just as Xia Qing had said, these small techniques tested one’s ability to control one’s spiritual power. Xia ruofei just didn’t know the method before, but now that he had found the right way, he learned it quite quickly.

In the last few days, Xia ruofei mainly practiced the human – shaped jade talisman’s unlocking runes.

After mastering some techniques of using spiritual power, Xia ruofei’s efficiency in practice was much higher than before, and his proficiency was constantly improving.

To readers! our content is stolen.Please copy and search this link " https://tinyurl.com/39hpcn6j " to support us

Now, his success rate in constructing the rune with his power of the will was very high. At most, there would be a small flaw in one or two out of ten times.

Hence, Xia ruofei asked Xia Qing to bring over the dozens of pieces of jade that he had kept in the space. He began to try to carve runes on the Jade.

The gift for Tang Haoran naturally needed to be sculpted. Xia ruofei took out a military dagger. After infusing it with genuine Qi, the dagger became like a treasure knife that could cut iron as if it was mud. It cut Jade as easily as cutting tofu.

Xia ruofei focused all his attention. This piece of Jade that he had specially picked out with the best color flew in his hand. After a while, a leaf – shaped Jade token appeared in his hand.

Xia ruofei had consumed so many petals of the spirit Heart Flower and cultivated the great Dao Arts. His spiritual power had even reached the late stage of the spirit heart realm. Hence, even though it was his first time carving a Jade, the effect was pretty good.

The shape of this leaf seemed to be completely natural. The green jade Leaf was vivid and full of a natural charm. It even gave people the illusion that this was a real leaf.

The shape of the leaf was also based on the leaves of the spirit heart tree. It seemed to contain the ultimate truth of heaven and earth, which could slightly attract people’s minds.

This was Xia ruofei’s first time carving a piece of Jade, but it was stunning.

If it was taken out, even the works of some famous Jade Masters would pale in comparison to it.

After all, not many people could integrate artistic conception into Jade works. Even if there were, their realm was much lower than Xia ruofei ‘s.

Compared to the works of the so – called Masters, Xia ruofei’s Jade Leaf was more than one level higher.

After the Jade Leaf was carved, Xia ruofei put it aside.

After all, it took a lot of effort to make this Jade Leaf. Xia ruofei would definitely not carve it without confidence.

There were still more than ten pieces of jade left, so Xia ruofei naturally wanted to practice.

Xia ruofei picked up a piece of Jade.

Then, he took a deep breath and quickly drew on the surface of the Jade with his finger.

From the surface, the Jade didn’t seem to have changed at all. However, Xia ruofei’s spiritual power had already penetrated into the Jade and left marks in the shape of runes.

At the same time, Xia ruofei’s genuine Qi entered the Jade and followed the mark left by his spiritual power, leaving a tiny trace that was invisible to the naked eye.

This was the internal trajectory of the runes.

This method of using spiritual power to lead the way and pouring true Qi into the painting was something that Xia ruofei had only mastered after studying the ancient books.

Without the knowledge in the ancient books, even if Xia ruofei had practiced this rune to the point of being extremely familiar with it, it would be extremely difficult to leave a mark on the Jade.

Xia ruofei’s rapidly moving fingers suddenly stopped, and a bitter smile appeared on his face.

A crack had appeared on the surface of the Jade.

Although this method of drawing runes had obvious effects, it was much more difficult to control. After all, the process of constructing runes was a complicated one. During this process, Xia ruofei had to control both his mental energy and his genuine Qi.

Although the true Qi only needed to follow the mark left by the mental power to carve, the strength of the true Qi was slightly different, which could lead to failure.

Xia ruofei did not control the strength of his genuine Qi, which caused the Jade to crack.

If one were to look at it with a magnifying glass, one would be able to see that there were many fine cracks inside the Jade, and these cracks gradually extended to the surface.

This piece of Jade was basically useless.

However, Xia ruofei was not discouraged. It was his first time trying this method. He was lucky to succeed on his first try. It was normal to fail.

Xia ruofei took a short break and picked up the second piece of Jade to carve.

As time passed, there were six to seven pieces of jade that had cracks on them.

But at the same time, he also placed three successfully carved jade materials on the other side.

And these three pieces were concentrated in the later few times.

In other words, Xia ruofei’s success rate in drawing this amulet had greatly increased.

In addition to the one in his hand, Xia ruofei still had four pieces of jade to practice with.

Xia ruofei quickly finished the carving on the one in his hand.

It was still a success.

Hence, Xia ruofei did not plan to use the remaining three pieces of jade. If he failed to carve the runes on the Jade Leaf, he still had three spare raw materials.

He rested for a while and adjusted his mental power and physical condition. Then, he took the carved jade Leaf and began to carve the runes.

Xia ruofei was prepared to fail. After all, his success rate was only 50 – 50.

However, to his surprise, the drawing went quite smoothly. Perhaps it was because the leaf was made of the best Jade, or perhaps Xia ruofei had adjusted his condition better. In short, the whole process was smooth and the rune was drawn easily.

Xia ruofei poured a wisp of genuine Qi into the rune and used his spiritual power to check it. He found that the rune was flawless and the genuine Qi was flowing inside it. It was smooth.

After seven or eight days of “force – feeding”, Xia ruofei was no longer the rookie cultivator he was before.

He clearly understood that although this small Jade Leaf seemed to be a relatively expensive Jade item, once the wearer encountered danger, it could erupt with an enormous defensive energy.

It was no exaggeration to say that this protective jade talisman could even block a few bullets.

This was like a Second Life! UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Xia ruofei found a red string to tie the Jade Leaf and put it away.

There were also four Jade tablets that were successfully engraved. Although the material was slightly worse than the Jade Leaf, and the appearance was not much different, the protective effect was almost the same.

Although Xia ruofei had already reached the fourth level of the Qi refining stage, he did not know how strong his body’s defense was. After all, the person who wrote the cultivation classics could not predict the appearance of powerful firearms in the future. There was definitely no description in this aspect.

Hence, in line with the principle of not wasting, Xia ruofei also hung one of the Jade tokens on himself. Although there was almost no one who could hurt him now, it was better to be safe than sorry.

As for the remaining three Jade tokens, Xia ruofei kept them in the medium.

Now that he had the ability to inscribe protective Jade talismans, he would naturally want to prepare some for his family and friends, such as Ling Qingxue, Lin Qiao, and Hu Zi’s mother.

However, Xia ruofei was prepared to look for better quality Jade and carve it carefully before carving the runes.

These three Jade plates, which did not look good, could be used as backup.

Xia ruofei had just settled the matter of the meeting gift when Xia Qing arrived at the Archean realm. He said respectfully,””Master, it’s about Seveno’ clock in the morning in the outside world. You should go back to the outside world.”

“Okay!” Xia ruofei nodded.

He stretched his back lazily. He felt like he had been in a dream for the past ten days in the Archean realm.

In terms of the time outside, he had entered the interspace at around 9 p.m., Which meant that less than ten hours had passed. However, Xia ruofei had already undergone a complete transformation.

Xia ruofei did not leave immediately. Instead, he went to the spiritual pond and got a basin of water to wash his face. Then, he took out a razor and tidied up his appearance. He even used his military dagger to trim his hair.

After all, he had spent more than ten days in the space. If he went out just like that, it would be hard to explain how his hair had grown so much in one night and how his beard was unkempt.

Xia ruofei was very cautious about any details that might reveal the secret of space.

After settling his personal issues, Xia ruofei left the medium and kept the painting.

He didn’t have time to take a shower last night, and he had been in the interspace for more than ten days. His body was almost rotten, so he couldn’t wait to rush into the bathroom and take a shower as soon as he came out.

After changing into a fresh set of clothes, Xia ruofei looked at his watch. It was around 7:30 in the morning.

So he opened the door and walked out.