Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Chapter 962: Showing great mercy (2)

Translator: 549690339

For the next two days, Xia ruofei and Lin Qiao stayed in Tang Yitian’s Manor. During the day, Xia ruofei took Lin Qiao to visit all the major attractions in Sydney, and at night, he would give Tang Haoran some appropriate guidance on cultivation.

Every day at midnight and dawn, Xia ruofei would also persist in cultivating.

Especially at dawn, Xia ruofei would usually check on Tang Haoran’s cultivation first. After confirming that there were no problems, he would then enter the state of cultivation.

On the third day, Xia ruofei left Sydney with Lin Qiao and headed for Melbourne.

In the next ten days, Xia ruofei brought Lin Qiao to visit almost all the places worth visiting in Australia.

They went to the Great Barrier Reef to dive and enjoy the unique natural scenery; They had a driving experience with Melbourne’s famous coastal road, the winding Ocean Road. He went to Penguin Island to see the world’s smallest Penguin, the mythical Penguin; They went to southberg National Park and took an off – Road vehicle to admire the strange living fossils across the desert and the amazing limestone pillars. He even visited the Tasman Peninsula in Tasmanian to tour Port Arthur’s prison and explore the history of Australia.

There was a saying that all Australians were the descendants of prisoners.

From 1830 to 1877, Port Arthur’s prison had held more than 12000 United Kingdom exiles who had received heavy punishment.

Xia ruofei and Lin Qiao saw the ancient church, gunpowder storage, prison cells, and guard towers built by the prisoners.

After visiting so many places in such a short time, the schedule was very full.

Xia ruofei also thought that it wasn’t easy for Lin Qiao to go abroad, so he tried to bring her to more places to have fun.

In fact, Lin Qiao was indeed very happy. She was quite excited along the way. Although she was travel – worn, she never complained or complained about being tired.

However, as the trip was coming to an end, Lin Qiao’s mood started to become a little low.

Xia ruofei did not think too much about it. It was normal for a girl to have her emotions fluctuate. After all, there were a few days in a month. It was not convenient for a man like him to ask too much about this kind of thing.

Fortunately, they had visited all the places worth visiting and finally returned to Sydney.

After spending a day in Sydney to check on Tang Haoran’s cultivation and give him some pointers, Xia ruofei brought Lin Qiao back to Paradise Farm in the Hunter Valley.

This trip to Australia was coming to an end.

There were two other things to do during this period.

One was that Xia ruofei had received a call from Old West when he left Sydney for Melbourne.

Old West told Xia ruofei excitedly over the phone that the person in charge of the channels of the Maya Group had contacted him and said that they would provide the best display spaces for West winery’s wine products.

Xia ruofei didn’t ask Liang Qichao to tell Old West about his relationship with Tang Yitian, so Old West thought that his luck had turned for the better. Over the phone, he kept suggesting to Xia ruofei to expand the scale of the planting and not improve the grape variety for the time being to ensure the production of grapes next year.

Xia ruofei smiled and told Old West to run the winery according to his own ideas. It wouldn’t take long for him to improve the breed of grapes. Whether it was successful or not, it wouldn’t affect the next year’s grape production.

Only then did Old West temporarily stop trying to persuade Xia ruofei.

His company’s business was almost done, and the good news from the Meiya group was like a shot in the arm. It filled him with energy and he wanted to put all his energy into the operation of the winery.

Xia ruofei trusted him so much and even gave him selfless help when he was at his most difficult time. Naturally, Old West had made up his mind to help Xia ruofei run the winery well.

As for the other matter, it was even more dramatic.

Robinson and Zheng Daming had been making plans to sell the winery these days, and they were already mentally prepared to be ruthlessly pushed down.

However, what made them dumbfounded was that the winery owners and farm owners in the Hunter Valley area all knew that the Maya Group was going to deal with these two unlucky people. Therefore, even though they could take over at a low price, no one dared to buy it.

After all, the Mei ya group had already spoken. They were worried that if they went to join in the fun at this time, they would be blacklisted by the Mei ya group. That would not be worth it.

Zheng Daming was still fine. He still had some domestic connections. After some hoodwinking, he finally found a rich buyer in China. Although he was in a hurry to sell the winery, some of the equipment that had just been purchased with a loan had all been discounted, and he lost a lot of money. It could be said that it was a serious blow, but at least he was not completely bankrupt.

After their family got the money, they didn’t dare to stay in Australia. After all, the power of the righteous Association was too big, and small figures like them couldn’t afford to offend them. So, Zheng Daming’s family quickly left Australia and ran to New Zealand with the money.

As for whether they could rise again in New Zealand, Xia ruofei did not care at all.

He had already fulfilled his promise to tan Lili. In his opinion, Zheng Peng’s punishment was enough. After all, he didn’t kill his father or steal his wife. It was not enough to kill him.

And Robinson was really in a terrible fix.

There were almost no sales channels there. The three big retail giants in Australia had almost dominated all the sales channels. Without these three Giants, it would be difficult to survive even if the products were good. Although Tang Yitian’s Maya co. Was a competitor to the other two major retail giants, Tang Yitian only had to personally come forward to greet a small fry like the Golden Oak winery. The other two major retail giants didn’t hesitate to participate in the ban on the Golden Oak winery.

In addition to the pressure from the banks and overseas channels, it could be said that Robinson was in a desperate situation.

At the end of his rope, Robinson thought of Xia ruofei again.

He used his connections to send a message to Liang Qichao, saying that he was willing to sell the winery to Xia ruofei at an extremely low price.

Robinson knew that Xia ruofei was the only person in the Hunter Valley region and even the entire Australia who would dare to take over his winery. No one else would have the guts to do so.

Therefore, he wisely lowered his stance and offered a price far lower than the actual value of the Golden Oak winery, which was only six million Australian dollars.

The gold oak winery was the largest in the Hunter Valley area. It was worth at least five times more than the West Winery.

Back then, Xia ruofei had spent 2.4 million Australian dollars to purchase West Winery, while Robinson had only asked for six million Australian dollars. It was basically a 50% discount.

He had no other choice. With such a large vineyard, he was losing money every day, and the bank was pressing him hard. If this dragged on, he would not even be able to get six million Australian dollars.

Xia ruofei’s first reaction when he heard the news was to reject Jian Jia. He had only wanted to teach Robinson and Brody a lesson. If he bought the winery now, it would seem like he was trying to take it and deliberately let the Meya group launch a destructive attack on the Golden Oak winery.

However, after receiving Xia ruofei’s reply, Robinson called him anxiously. He was very humble and almost begged Xia ruofei to buy his winery. He even said that as long as Xia ruofei was willing to buy it, it was okay even if he did not have that much cash for the time being. He could pay in installments without any interest.

Xia ruofei saw that Robinson was so pitiful, and he obviously did not want the Maya Group to let him off so easily. After thinking about it, he felt that he would be showing mercy if he was willing to buy the winery. He would be helping Robinson.

Hence, after some thought, Xia ruofei finally nodded in agreement.

It was as if Robinson had suddenly seen light in the pitch – Black darkness, and he almost burst into tears of joy.

Therefore, while Xia ruofei was leisurely taking Lin Qiao around Australia, Robinson was also in his winery. Every day was a day of loss for him. As long as Xia ruofei didn’t say anything, the Mei ‘ya group would not stop suppressing him. The pressure from the bank was also increasing, and he was tired of dealing with it.

Robinson even suspected that Xia ruofei had deliberately ignored him for a few days so that he could lower the price.

Hence, when he heard that Xia ruofei had returned to the Hunter Valley, Robinson immediately rushed to Paradise Farm with the relevant documents and property rights lawyer.

Moreover, Robinson had also very carefully looked for lawyer Heinz who had provided legal services to Xia ruofei when he bought the West Winery. He wanted to reassure Xia ruofei that he would not tamper with the contract.

Hence, the first thing Xia ruofei did when he returned to Paradise Farm was not to wash away the dust from his journey, but to negotiate the acquisition of the Golden Oak winery with Robinson.