Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 963: Waking up from the dream (1)

Translator: 549690339

Although it was a negotiation, it was more like Robinson begging Xia ruofei to buy him. Basically, he agreed to all of Xia ruofei’s conditions without hesitation.

However, Xia ruofei wasn’t an unreasonable person. Although Brody coveted Lin Qiao’s beauty and had been impertinent and incited trouble at the reception that day, Xia ruofei felt that the punishment was enough for his family’s winery to be unable to continue operating and could only be sold at a low price.

Hence, Xia ruofei did not ask for too much.

When they decided to take over during their trip to Australia, Xia ruofei had asked Liang Qichao to hire a professional to evaluate the assets of the Golden Oak winery. He knew that after paying off some of the bank debts, the assets of the Golden Oak winery were roughly between 12 million to 14 million Australian dollars.

Hence, Xia ruofei did not push down the price that Robinson had offered.

This made Robinson shed tears of gratitude. He felt that Xia ruofei was too magnanimous and did not care about the past!

However, Xia ruofei would not take the initiative to help Robinson. Since Robinson had suggested it, he did not hesitate to say that he wanted to pay six million Australian dollars in installments.

Pay in full within a year and pay 500000 Australian dollars every month.

All Robinson wanted to do now was to get rid of this hot potato, especially the debt with the bank, so he accepted the condition without hesitation.

As for the bank, if Xia ruofei were to take over, Tang Yitian would come forward to talk to him so that they wouldn’t be so anxious. Moreover, after the channels were restored, cash would immediately flow in. If the funds were in good condition, they could just pay back the loan step by step.

If Robinson managed it himself, it would be a desperate situation.

Now that the money issue was settled, the other details were naturally much simpler. Basically, no matter what request Xia ruofei made, Robinson would agree without hesitation.

The two sides quickly reached an agreement and signed the merger and acquisition contract.

The last time Xia ruofei acquired West Winery, he borrowed three million Australian dollars from Tang He. In addition to the two million Australian dollars, there were also some processing fees, taxes, and other expenses. Xia ruofei still had about 800000 Australian dollars left.

Hence, after signing the contract, Xia ruofei immediately transferred the first month’s 500000 Australian dollars to Robinson.

Seeing that Xia ruofei had paid so quickly, Robinson was even more grateful. He had thought that Xia ruofei would at least delay the first payment for a month. He did not expect that Xia ruofei would pay immediately after the contract was signed. In his eyes, she was too kind!

The procedures were handled by professionals. If the remaining 300000 Australian dollars were not enough to pay for the handling fees and other expenses, they could just temporarily embezzle some from Paradise Farm’s account.

Xia ruofei did not have to worry about the salaries of Old West and the operating costs of the winery. With the help of the Mei ya group, the two wineries would soon be profitable.

When Old West received Xia ruofei’s notice to take over the Golden Oak winery, he felt like he was in a dream.

More than ten days ago, when his capital chain broke, Robinson had wanted to take advantage of the situation and buy his West Winery at a low price.

How long has it been? Robinson had already been forced to sell his winery at a low price. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Their situations were completely reversed.

He naturally didn’t have any sympathy for his former love rival, West, who had never given up on suppressing him for decades.

When Old West heard Xia ruofei say that he would be in charge of the Golden Oak winery, he was overjoyed. He immediately led his men to take over the winery, as if he was ten years younger.

Just like that, the two wineries were now under Xia ruofei’s name. The ‘grape improvement’ work in his realm was also in progress. When the grape planting season came, he would make a trip to Australia and plant the grapes in his realm. With the help of the Mei ya group, the two wineries would definitely be able to flourish.

Old West and his wife would naturally take care of the small matters of the winery, so Xia ruofei did not need to worry.

He and Lin Qiao stayed at Paradise Farm for two days, and the return trip was also put on the agenda.

……

Sydney.

Kingsford Smith International Airport.

If there were people from the New South Wales underground world there, they would be shocked because the famous Tiger of the righteous Association, Kun Tang Hu, was dragging two huge suitcases behind the group.

The ones walking in front were naturally Xia ruofei, Lin Qiao, Liang Qichao, and Tang Yitian’s family.

As usual, Xia ruofei only had simple luggage. Lin Qiao’s luggage had increased from one large suitcase to two large suitcases. The size of the newly bought suitcase was not inferior to the one she brought.

During her trip to Australia, Lin Qiao bought a lot of souvenirs and Jennifer also gave her a lot of gifts. In the end, she could only buy a large suitcase, which was also full.

Tang Yitian had helped to book the return ticket, so it was naturally first – Class.

Originally, Tang Yitian wanted to use a private jet to send Xia ruofei and Xia Xiaofei back to Huaxia, but Xia ruofei politely declined.

He really didn’t like to be too ostentatious. Besides, it was too much of a waste to use a plane for two people.

Under Xia ruofei’s insistence, Tang Yitian had to settle for second best and booked two first – Class tickets.