Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 11 – Aggrieved Elders

When she saw their expressions, Bao’er’s eyes narrowed, and she said, “What? Do all of you intend to not give it to me because I look young?”

Jiang Qiushui’s eyelids twitched, and his eyes flickered as he looked at Bao’er. After that, he revealed a smile and said, “How could we do that? Even you’re aware that we don’t have so many Energy Stones with us now. Why don’t you come with us to go take it? What do you think?”

When they heard this, the others behind Jiang Qiushui exchanged glances, and a wisp of a ghastly and cold glow flashed within their eyes. After that, all the others nodded lightly and displayed that they agreed with Jiang Qiushui. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

At this point, they were unable to produce the Energy Stones no matter what, and they wouldn’t hand it over even if they could. Since they were unable to produce the Energy Stones, then there was only a single method, and it was to eliminate this little girl before them!

Even though they knew this little girl’s identity wasn’t ordinary, they didn’t have another choice. Because even the Outer Court Elders were unable to produce over 10,000 Energy Stones!

This time, all of their thoughts had converged together in an extremely tacit manner.

When she heard Jiang Qiushui, Bao’er glanced at all the other Outer Court Disciples, and when she saw that none of them objected to Jiang Qiushui’s words, she immediately pointed at them and laughed coldly. “Good, very good. Do all of you think Bao’er is stupid? You Outer Court Disciples only obtain 20 Energy Stones every single month, whereas, the Outer Court Disciple ranked at the top of the Outer Court Rankings on obtains an extra 100 Energy Stones every single month. So, how could all of you possess so many Energy Stones? All of you intend to trick Bao’er to a quiet place and then kill Bao’er, right?”

The smile on Jiang Qiushui’s face froze when he heard this. He’d never expected that this little girl before him would actually be so intelligent, and he immediately said with a smile, “We’re Outer Court Disciples, how could we do something like killing another? I’m telling the truth. If you’re willing to come with us, then we’ll definitely give you the Energy Stones. If you’re unwilling to go with us to get it, then I’m helpless as well. I’m telling the truth right!?” As he spoke, he glanced at the others behind him.

“Yes, little girl, if you don’t go with us to get it, then we can’t do anything about it as well....”

“We’re all Outer Court Disciples. Could it be that we would trick you of this little bit of Energy Stones?”

“Exactly. Little girl, come with us to go get it. We’ll pay all the Energy Stones to you. Look, do we seem like deceitful people?”

As she watched all of them act shamelessly, Bao’er was angered to the point her face flushed red, and she pointed at all of them and said, “Good! Good! Very good! No one has ever dared to bully Bao’er. Just all of you wait! Just you wait!” As she spoke, Bao’er run towards the Life and Death Arena.

When they saw Bao’er had been angered to the point of leaving, all of the Outer Court Disciples instantly heaved sighs of relief, and then they watched Bao’er as they wanted to see what she intended to do.

When he saw Bao’er run onto the Life and Death Arena, the Outer Court Elder below the arena frowned, yet when he noticed the ‘符’ character on Bao’er’s chest, his brows knit together even more tightly, and he said with a light voice. “Why has this little she-devil come here?”

When he noticed Bao’er run up the Life and Death Arena, Yang Ye who was absorbing an Energy Stone opened his eyes and was just about to greet her. However, right at this moment, Bao’er pointed towards the Outer Court Disciples in the distance and said loudly, “I, Bao’er, declare that from today onward, the Talisman Peak will stop providing any talisman related rewards of all Outer Court Disciples, and the Talisman Peak will stop accepting requests to inscribe and repair treasures from all the Outer Court Elders. In short, so long as it’s related to the words Outer Court, then the Talisman Peak refuses to provide all services!”

When they heard Bao’er, all of them were first stunned, and then they roared with laughter. Even Jiang Qiushui and the other Outer Court Disciples roared with laughter.

“Who does she think she is? The Sect Master? I’m going to die from laughter....”

“Refuse to provide all talisman related rewards of the Outer Court Disciples? Has she gone mad from rage?”

“This is the best joke I’ve heard since I arrived at the Sword Sect. Hahaha....”

When he heard Bao’er, the expression of Elder Cao Huo who stood below the Life and Death Arena changed greatly, and he turned around to look at those Outer Court Disciples that were roaring with laughter and immediately shouted. “Shut up!” His voice was covered in Profound Energy, and it resounded like thunder by the ears of the few hundreds of Outer Court Disciples.

The expressions of all the Outer Court Disciples immediately changed, and they looked at the furious Outer Court Elder while wondering why he’d berated them.

Cao Huo didn’t pay any attention to the Outer Court Disciples, and his figure flashed to directly appear on the Life and Death Arena. As he looked at Bao’er who was still furious, a smile appeared on Cao Huo’s solemn face as he said, “So, it’s Bao’er, why have you come here to play today!?”

When they saw this scene, the hearts of all the Outer Court Disciples below the arena jerked because they knew that perhaps this matter was slightly serious.

When he saw this elder suddenly appear on the Life and Death Arena, Yang Ye’s expression became heavy while he said in his heart. The King Realm.

After the nine ranks in the Mortal Realm, it was the First Heaven Realm. After the First Heaven Realm was the King Realm. This old man before him was able to fly without relying on any external forces, and that was something only someone at the King Realm could accomplish. However, an expert at the King Realm was actually so respectful to this little girl, Bao’er, and this caused Yang Ye to be even more curious of Bao’er’s identity.

When she saw the old man wearing the clothes of an Outer Court Elder, Bao’er immediately grunted coldly and said, “You go ask them yourself. Let me tell you, if you don’t give me an explanation, then the Talisman Peak won’t welcome any of you Outer Court Disciples or Outer Court Elders again!”

When he heard Bao’er, Cao Huo smiled bitterly before his figure flashed, and he transformed into an afterimage that instantly appeared before Jiang Qiushui and the others. He said in a cold voice, “What happened? If you dare conceal anything, then I’ll cripple your cultivations and expel you from the Sword Sect!”

All of them were astounded in their hearts. They immediately didn’t dare conceal anything and obediently spoke of everything.

When he heard they owed the little she-devil over 300,000 Energy Stones, Cao Huo’s face twitched, and when they heard them say they asked Bao’er to go get it with them, Cao Huo’s gaze turned icy cold. He was aged and experienced, so how could he be unaware of their intentions? He glanced coldly at all of them before he said, “You asked her to follow all of you when it was a few hundreds of thousands of Energy Stones? Did all of you intend to kill her to keep her quiet? Good, very good, I really want to kill the lot of you! Let me tell all of you, if you’re unable to beg her to withdraw what she said, then I guarantee that all of you’ll become the public enemy of every single Outer Court Elder and Outer Court Disciple!”

When they heard Cao Huo, all of their countenances turned ghastly pale. Jiang Qiushui cupped his fist to the old and said respectfully, “Elder, who exactly is that little girl?”

“That doesn’t matter!” Cao Huo shouted. “Now, all of you go borrow Energy Stones from your own friends and those Outer Court Elders. Tell those elders about the incident between all of you and the little girl. For the sake of their own benefits, they’ll borrow the Energy Stones to you!”

“Elder, this amount is truly a bit too much. This....” Jiang Qiushui revealed a troubled expression.

“Do all of you intend to be crippled and kicked out of the Sword Sect?” Cao Huo spoke coldly.

All of their figures trembled when they heard this. Now, they knew that this matter was really serious, and they immediately didn’t dare say another word and hurriedly left to borrow Energy Stones.

On the arena, after he heard about the incident between Bao’er and those Outer Court Disciples, a wisp of warmth flowed through Yang Ye’s heart. Never had he expected that this little girl would actually trust him so much, and she actually dared to bet a few hundreds of thousands of Energy Stones for his sake!

“Hmph! I’ll absolutely not let them off easily this time. They actually intended to kill me to keep me silent!” When she thought about the actions of those Outer Court Disciples, Bao’er got angrier the more she thought about it. Since she was young, she’d never been bullied by another!

The old man from before appeared once more on the Life and Death Arena, and he sighed in his heart when he saw Bao’er was still angry. After that, he said with a smile, “Bao’er, look I’ve already asked them to prepare the Energy Stones. So, those words from before... can you?”

Bao’er grunted coldly and said, “I won’t take those words back. Let me tell you, since you’re lost, then you should hand over the Energy Stones to me. Yet they didn’t want to give it to me and even intended to trick me to a quiet place to kill me. Geezer, let me tell you, all of you’re dead once my grandpa returns. In the future, all of you Outer Court Elders can dream of coming to Talisman Peak and asking my grandpa to inscribe things for all of you!”

When he heard Bao’er, Cao Huo’s smile froze, and he cursed the entire families of those Outer Court Disciples. Because not only had they courted death, they’d even implicated the Outer Court Elders. He immediately squeezed out a smile and said in a gentle voice, “Bao’er, Little Ancestor, this matter isn’t related to us Outer Court Elders! Don’t tell your grandfather about this, alright?”

“No!” Bao’er said hatefully, “I’m going to tell my grandpa! How dare your Outer Court Disciples bully me!”

When he saw Bao’er was still angry, Cao Huo was helpless because how could he dare to offend this young miss?

After around an hour later, Jiang Qiushui and the others had returned. This time, it wasn’t just these Outer Court Disciples that had arrived, and there were another four Outer Court Elders in green and white robed. Yang Ye even knew one of these elders, and it was Elder Qian.

When he saw Elder Qian, Yang Ye hurriedly bowed to Elder Qian, and Elder Qian nodded backed at him as well. After that, Elder Qian’s gaze descended onto Bao’er because all of them had come to apologize to this little she-devil.

When the four Outer Court Elders saw Bao’er, their expressions changed slightly. A round faced elder amongst them smiled at Bao’er, and then he withdrew a ring and said, “Bao, Bao’er, there are 390,000 Energy Stones here. Take out your Spatial Ring and I’ll transfer it to you!”

When he spoke the words 390,000 Energy Stones, this elder’s face twitched slightly while his heart felt like it was bleeding. All of these Energy Stones had been put together by all of the Outer Court Elders and Outer Court Disciples, and the entire Outer Court could be said to be broke because of this bet.

Bao’er grunted coldly and took the old man’s ring before she pointed it to the tiny pouch she had before her. With a thought, the ring instantly emanated a wave of silver light. After a short moment, Bao’er raised the ring with the intention of giving it back to the old man. However, she seemed to have thought of something, causing her hand to shrink back, and she waved the ring in her hand and said, “Give me this as well. You don’t have any objections, right!?”

The elder’s hand that had been stretched forward stopped in midair and his expression was extremely colorful. After a short moment, he laughed dryly and said, “No, no, no problem....” At the same time, he cursed in his heart. Bastards! I’ll punish all of you to death! A Spatial Ring is worth 100,000 gold coins! Yet it’s gone just like that....

1. It’s the character for Talisman.