Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1123 – A Quasi Emperor Sword Servant!

Bang!

At the moment Mo Ji’s head fell off his neck, a palm had instantly struck Yang Ye. Yang Ye’s pupils constricted as a mouthful of blood sprayed from his mouth, and then his figure was blasted away.

Yang Ye was flying through the air when he noticed Xiao Bieli and Xiao Ling intended to come back, and he swiftly shouted, “Retreat!”

Xiao Bieli was slightly stunned, and then he turned around and entered the city with Xiao Ling. The reason he hadn’t done anything was because Yang Ye just happened to have been blasted flying in the city’s direction!

It didn’t take long for Xiao Bieli and Xiao Ling to appear on the city walls, and they quickly looked up.

A ray of blood red light flashed before their eyes, and it didn’t take long for Yang Ye to appear on the city walls.

Xiao Bieli and Xiao Ling instantly heaved sighs of relief when they saw Yang Ye.

“Activate the formation!” Xiao Bieli’s voice resounded through the sky throughout White Deer Dimension, and then a huge barrier of light instantly enveloped the entire city.

Xiao Bieli heaved another sigh of relief when he saw the barrier of light activating successfully, and then he turned around to gaze at Yang Ye. His expression changed when he saw Yang Ye. Yang Ye’s clothes had vanished, and Yang Ye’s body was covered in fine cracks that spread through his body like a spiderweb. Even Yang Ye’s face was covered in fine cracks. It was an absolutely shocking sight!

Threads of blood were seeping out incessantly from those fine cracks, but they’d merely just appeared before being instantly absorbed by the blood red sword which Yang Ye was using to support his figure.

Xiao Bieli asked, “Are you alright?”

Yang Ye shook his head, “I’ll be fine with a little rest.”

Actually, his sudden decision to kill Mo Ji had been made on the spur of the moment. He just felt like Mo Ji was already exhausted, and it would be difficult to kill Mo Ji in the future if he allowed this opportunity to slip by. So, he hadn’t even activated the Stellar Ward technique before executing the ultimate version of Death by a Thought!

He didn’t have the time to execute it at that time either. Because if Mo Ji raised his guard, then it wouldn’t be realistic to attempt to kill Mo Ji with a single attack. So, he’d immediately executed the ultimate version of Death by a Thought to catch Mo Ji off guard.

In the end, he’d succeeded!

Even though his body had been damaged, it wasn’t too severe. His current body was able to forcefully endure it!

Xiao Bieli nodded slightly when he heard Yang Ye. The injuries Yang Ye sustained before this had been countless times more severe. Yet he’d been fine then, so Xiao Bieli felt that this little bit of injuries were just a minor problem to Yang Ye.

Yang Ye wouldn’t definitely spit out a mouthful of blood if he knew what Xiao Bieli was thinking. Even though he’d resisted that attack from before, the tearing pain throughout his body wasn’t nice at all. Just like this very moment, his body felt like it had been torn apart, and it could definitely be described as agonizing. However, he’d endured it by force and didn’t display it!

“Yang Ye!” Suddenly, a voice resounded from the sky. Xiao Bieli and the others looked up, and they saw the white haired old man, Feng Qingyu, and the 2 other Quasi Emperors from the Mo Clan were looking at Yang Ye from outside the barrier of light.

At this moment, both the white haired old man and Feng Qingyu had ferocious expressions on their faces. It was especially so for the white haired old man because Yang Ye had turned around and caught them by surprise right under his very nose! Mo Ji had even died as a result of it! That was a humiliation, a huge humiliation to him and the Mo Clan!

As for Feng Qingyu, her expression was unsightly because she hadn’t expected that not only would Yang Ye have recovered in such a short amount of time, he’d grown even strong! It made her wonder if he was even human!

After all, Yang Ye was just a Half-Saint, so she could only wonder how heaven defying Yang Ye would be if he was allowed to attain the Saint Realm! At that time, even she would probably be unable to defeat Yang Ye.

Just thinking about that caused the killing intent in her eyes to thicken. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Mo Tian!” Meanwhile, Xiao Bieli stood in front of Yang Ye and looked directly at the white haired old man, “I never expected the Mo Clan to send you!” There was a solemn expression in Xiao Bieli’s eyes.

Xiao Ling’s expression changed when she heard him. She naturally knew the name, Mo Tian. He’d once been ranked at the top 20 of the Martial Rankings, and he was an expert who’d made a name for himself a very long time ago. Xiao Bieli had only been a high-rank Saint when Mo Tian was a Quasi Emperor. So, the Mo Clan’s decision to send him represented that the Mo Clan was being serious and wasn’t just playing around!”

Mo Tian’s gaze moved away from Yang Ye and descended onto Xiao Bieli, “Xiao Bieli, while there hasn’t been any relationship between your White Deer Academy and my Mo Clan throughout these years, there is no enmity as well. Your White Deer Academy killed a disciple of my Mo Clan before this, and now you’ve killed an elder of my Mo Clan. I really want to know who gave you the gall to look down on my Mo Clan like that?”

“Are you telling me that only your Mo Clan is allowed to kill my students?” Xiao Bieli laughed coldly, “Mo Tian, why discuss right and wrong at a time like this?”

“You’re right. Right and wrong isn’t important anymore!” Mo Tian glanced at the entire city and said, “My Mo Clan has been lying low for too long in the recent years, and it’s to the point that just anyone dares to touch the members of my Mo Clan. Looks like my Mo Clan needs to make a show of strength.”

Xiao Bieli glanced at the sky and laughed coldly, “Mo Tian, I don’t believe your Mo Clan would launch a full scale war against my White Deer Academy just for a single disciple. Even though your Mo Clan cares about its honor, it’s no fool. Such actions don’t conform to the interests of your Mo Clan. So, if I’m not wrong, then you aren’t here just to regain the honor your clan lost, right?”

Mo Tian spoke indifferently, “What do you think?”

Xiao Bieli glanced at the sky, and then he spoke coldly, “Li Laoguai, since you’re here, then why don’t you just show yourself? The Mo Clan is standing behind you now, so what are you afraid of?”

As soon as Xiao Bieli finished speaking, a figure appeared by Mo Tian’s side, and it was none other than Li Laoguai.

Li Laoguai glanced at Xiao Bieli and the others, and then he laughed coldly, “Xiao Bieli, I told you that my Law Faction would be back. Your never expected us to return to soon, right?”

“I really didn’t!” Xiao Bieli spoke indifferently, “I never expected that your Law Faction would become dogs for the Mo Clan! I wonder if the ancestors of your Law Faction would be angered to death if they found out about this.”

“That’s none of your business.” Li Laoguai spoke coldly, “Xiao Bieli, from now onwards, your Scholarly Faction will cease to exist in the Central Divine Prefecture. White Deer Academy will cease to exist as well. From now onwards, there’ll only be a single academy in the Central Divine Prefecture, and it’ll be my Rising Sun Academy. Xiao Bieli, all of you from the Scholarly Faction, and you Yang Ye! All of you better enjoy your last moments!”

As soon as he finished speaking, Li Laoguai gazed at Yang Ye and said, “Yang Ye, my Law Faction lost everything because you helped the Scholarly Faction. Just you wait, I’ll allow you to experience how death will become an extravagant wish for you!” He laughed coldly once he finished speaking, and then he turned around and vanished into the sky.

Mo Tian and the others turned around and left as well.

It didn’t take long for over 40 coffins to appear outside the city.

Xiao Bieli and Xiao Ling’s faces instantly turned gloomy at the sight of this scene.

A short while passed before Xiao Ling asked, “Why aren’t they just attacking the city?”

Xiao Bieli looked up at the sky for a short while, and then he said, “Obviously, they don’t want to crush us just like that. If they do that, they wouldn’t be able to display the strength of their Mo Clan or deter the other powers in the Central Divine Prefecture. Death isn’t terrifying, and many within my academy aren’t afraid of death as well. The thing that’s more terrifying that death is the feeling as one waited for death to arrive. See those coffins? They want us to wait for death to arrive. In that way, it wouldn’t just be able to deter the powers throughout the prefecture, they’ll be able to slowly destroy the psychological defenses of our students.”

Xiao Ling remained silent for a long time, and then she said, “There are many students still in the outside world. We must find a way to get them back here!”

Xiao Bieli slowly clenched his fists as he looked up at the sky. Mo Tian and the others hadn’t left at all. They were standing on guard outside the city. There were 5 Quasi Emperors there, so everyone in White Deer Dimension couldn’t leave the dimension at all!

Suddenly, Yang Ye stepped forward and said, “Let me deal with getting them back!”

“No!” Xiao Bieli immediately refused, “You just rest well. I’ll think of a way to get them back here.”

Even though Yang Ye was a Half-Saint, he had the strength of a Quasi Emperor, so if anything happened to him once he left, then White Deer Academy would truly be finished.

“Are you confident at succeeding?” Xiao Ling spoke abruptly. Even though she hadn’t known Yang Ye for long, she knew that Yang Ye was no fool. Since he’d dared to say that while being clearly aware that there were a few Quasi Emperors out there, he was definitely confident in his ability.

Yang Ye nodded and said, “I dare no guarantee whether I’ll be able to bring them back safely. However, at the very least, I’m the only one who’s currently able to leave without being noticed and possesses the strength to save them. Dean Xiao and Senior Xiao Ling, both of you don’t have any other choices. Besides that, if I flee with all my strength, even Mo Tian might not be able to stop me from fleeing!”

Xiao Bieli intended to say something, but Xiao Ling spoke before him, “Let him give it a try!”

“But....” Xiao Bieli was about to speak when Xiao Ling continued, “We don’t have a choice. Both of us are absolutely unable to leave, and we can’t. The consequences would be unimaginable if they suddenly attack the city while we’re gone. Besides the two of us, only this kid has the strength to go out there and rescue them.”

Xiao Bieli remained silent for a long time, and then he gazed at Yang Ye, “How confident are you?”

Yang Ye shook his head and said, “I can only say that I’ll try my best!”

Xiao Bieli nodded, “Try your best! Do you need anything?”

Yang Ye replied, “I need to know where they are hiding!”

Xiao Bieli said, “Shihe is contacting them. I’ll get someone to send it to you in a while!”

Yang Ye nodded and said, “Send it to my cultivation room, and then say that I’m in closed door cultivation.”

Xiao Bieli nodded, “Don’t feel responsible for the situation that the academy is in right now. The Law Faction and the Mo Clan joined forces so quickly. Obviously, they’d colluded from a very long time ago. Your actions of killing Mo Yuntian just happened to give them an excuse, a justifiable excuse to act against my White Deer Academy. So, even if you didn’t kill Mo Yuntian, they would still act against my White Deer Academy one day, and the only difference would have been how soon it occurred!”

Meanwhile, Xiao Ling spoke as well, “He isn’t trying to console you because it’s the truth. Li Laoguai is overweeningly ambitious, so he wouldn’t be willing to leave White Deer Dimension at all, and it was only a matter of time before he came back. Of course, I personally think that both of you should care about all of that right now. Because we’re a single group now. Regardless of whether it’s because of the enmity with you or the Scholarly Faction, it’s enmity that we share together. The important matter at hand is to stay united and face the crisis before us.”

Xiao Bieli glanced at Xiao Ling, and then he gazed at Yang Ye, “That’s what I think as well!”

Yang Ye glanced at them, and then he said, “Don’t worry, I won’t entertain unnecessary thoughts. I’m going to get prepared.” Yang Ye turned around and left once he finished speaking.

After Yang Ye left, Xiao Ling suddenly said, “Have you noticed? That kid is quite mysterious!”

Xiao Bieli replied, “He’s from the lower dimensions and has grown all the way to this point. So, how could he possibly not have gained any fortuitous encounters? It’s very normal for him to have some secrets.”

Xiao Ling nodded, “No matter what, I hope that we’ll be able to get through this!”

Xiao Bieli nodded while a trace of worry could be seen in his eyes. Not to mention him, even anyone could understand the situation that the academy was facing right now.

It wasn’t exaggerated to call it a hopeless situation!

...

In the cultivation room.

Yang Ye waved his right hand, and then 100 black clothed figures appeared before him. Besides that, the black robed Quasi Emperor was standing in front of them.

He’d taken the black robed man’s corpse upon killing the fellow. After all, the assistance a Sword Servant at the Quasi Emperor Realm could give Yang Ye and White Deer Academy right now was absolutely significant! Besides that, if he used the 100 high-rank Saints well, they would be a huge help as well. The only thing he felt regretful about was Mo Ji’s corpse.

Even though he’d killed Mo Ji, he wasn’t able to refine Mo Ji into a Sword Servant. Because even Mo Ji’s head had been severed by him, so how could he refine Mo Ji into a Sword Servant? He had no choice but to choose to cut off Mo Ji’s head under that situation. Because even if he pierced through Mo Ji’s chest, he wasn’t fully confident in being able to end Mo Ji’s life in an instant!

But if he sliced off Mo Ji’s head, then not to mention medicinal pills, even Primordial Violet Energy could do nothing to save Mo Ji!

It didn’t take long for Yang Ye to start refining these corpses into Sword Servants.

The refinement of the high-rank Saints went pretty well, and it didn’t exhaust much effort. But the refinement of a Quasi Emperor almost made Yang Ye suffer from backlash. If it was in the past, he wasn’t able to refine Quasi Emperors at all. Or perhaps even if he could, it would be extremely dangerous. Yet now, his strength had risen significantly. Regardless of whether it was his Void Rank sword intent, Void Rank slaughter intent, soul energy, or spiritual energy, all of them couldn’t be compared to the past. So, while he still encountered quite a few problems, he’d been able to resolve all of them in the end.

...

One day later. Night.

A shadow drifted out soundlessly from the entrance of White Deer City, and then it vanished into the distance. It didn’t take long for the shadow to merge into one with the veil of night.