Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1139 – Heavens! Smite Him!

The reason Feng Qingyu had an unsightly expression on her face was because she noticed that the Eye of the Heaven Dao had locked on to her. The black bolt of divine lightning wasn’t a huge threat to her. After all, she was a Quasi Emperor. But she didn’t understand why the Eye of the Heaven Dao attacked her!

She felt that she’d never done anything that defied the heavens!

Feng Qingyu didn’t have the time to think. She immediately waved her hand about, and the multicolored ribbon in her grasp shot up into the sky towards the bolt of divine lightning.

Yang Ye who was about to attack had instantly stopped when he saw her attack the divine lightning, and he gazed at Feng Qingyu with disbelief. He naturally knew why the Eye of the Heaven Dao hadn’t left. Wasn’t it obvious? It was definitely because the Eye of the Heaven Dao had sensed his aura. He could be said to be old enemies with the Heaven Dao in the Radiant Dimension, so how could it possibly just leave upon noticing his presence?

But he hadn’t expected that Feng Qingyu would actually attack the divine lightning!

Is she actually that kind to help me stop the divine lightning?

But it didn’t take long for Yang Ye to figure it out. Feng Qingyu was in combat with him, and they were extremely close. So, when the Eye of the Heaven Dao targeted him, it had definitely unconsciously included Feng Qingyu as well. After that, Feng Qingyu would have thought that the Eye of the Heaven Dao was targeting her.... After all, how could anyone consider that the Eye of the Heaven Dao would target a Half-Saint?

A slight smile arose on the corners of Yang Ye’s mouth when he thought up to this point, and he moved backwards slightly. However, he didn’t go too far or seize the opportunity to launch a surprise attack. Because it wasn’t a suitable moment. Even though Feng Qingyu was fighting against the Eye of the Heaven Dao, Yang Ye knew that she was vigilant against him at all times.

It wasn’t just Feng Qingyu, Mo Tian and the others’ aura were locked onto him as well, and they would definitely attack him if he tried to attack Feng Qingyu.

In any case, a surprise attack wouldn’t work. So, he just moved aside and watched Feng Qingyu fight the Eye of the Heaven Dao in single combat.

Bang!

The black bolt of divine lightning was obliterated by a single attack from Feng Qingyu. Meanwhile, the Eye of the Heaven Dao seemed to be furious, and it directly locked onto Feng Qingyu before another bolt of black divine lightning shot out from it. This time, the divine lightning was more than 5 times larger than before, and it was many times stronger as well!

Feng Qingyu’s pupils constricted slightly at the sight of this, and her eyes were filled with shock and bewilderment.

What’s wrong with the Eye of the Heaven Dao?

It wasn’t just her, everyone else in the surroundings was looking at the Eye of the Heaven Dao with bewilderment. However, it didn’t take long for them to gaze at Feng Qingyu, and even Mo Tian’s group was looking at her.

What crimes has she committed to actually make the Eye of the Heaven Dao target her?

That was what everyone including Mo Tian’s group thought. Because the Eye of the Heaven Dao usually didn’t target someone for no reason. At the very least, they’d never heard of the Eye of the Heaven Dao targeting someone for no reason.

Mo Tian and the others had quite unsightly expressions on their faces. Because the Eye of the Heaven Dao was targeting Feng Qingyu, so how could they crush White Deer Academy now? Of course, they could disregard Feng Qingyu. However, if the Eye of the Heaven Dao couldn’t kill Feng Qingyu, then the situation would definitely grow even more severe. At that time, the entire White Deer Dimension would be affected!

The thing which he was worried about the most was that if attacking White Deer Academy would draw the attention of the Eye of the Heaven Dao. At that time, they would truly be in trouble.

Because of the actions of the Eye of the Heaven Dao, the irreconcilable battle between them had suddenly stopped. Both sides were looking at Feng Qingyu and the Eye of the Heaven Dao instead.

No one dared to attack until the Eye of the Heaven Dao left.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

They watched as Feng Qingyu obliterated numerous bolts of black divine lightning in succession.

Meanwhile, Feng Qingyu’s expression grew more and more unsightly. Because even until now, she still didn’t know why the Eye of the Heaven Dao was targeting her.

Meanwhile, Mo Tian couldn’t help but ask, “Sect Master Feng, what exactly have you done to actually make the Eye of the Heaven Dao target you?”

Feng Qingyu spoke with a gloomy expression on her face, “I’d like to know the answer to that as well!”

“Have you really not done anything that would incur heaven’s wrath?”” Mo Tian was quite doubtful. Indeed, if Feng Qingyu hadn’t done anything which defied the heavens, then how could the Eye of the Heaven Dao have possibly targeted her? After all, the Eye of the Heaven Dao wasn’t one to attack for no reason. Because the Radiant Dimension would have fallen into chaos if the Eye of the Heaven Dao acted as it pleased.

Feng Qingyu was furious, “It doesn’t matter whether you believe me or not!”

Mo Tian’s face fell. He glanced at the surroundings, and then he pondered deeply for a moment before he said, “Sect Master Feng, can you lead the Eye of the Heaven Dao away?” Presently, the army in White Deer City was weak. Thus, so long as the Eye of the Heaven Dao left, then they wouldn’t have to use much strength to crush White Deer Academy.

Yang Ye’s eyes narrowed slightly when he heard Mo Tian. Because if Feng Qingyu left, then he felt that the Eye of the Heaven Dao would definitely abandon her and target him. He was very confident in that outcome. Because Feng Qingyu could only be considered to have infuriated the Eye of the Heaven Dao, but he was a sinner of this dimension!

No one knew about it because of the black scarf that Lady had given him, but he was certain that the Eye of the Heaven Dao was definitely aware. Or perhaps, his presence made the Eye of the Heaven Dao feel extremely displeased.

Feng Qingyu pondered deeply for an instant, and then she nodded. Even though she was really annoyed, she knew that she had to consider the overall situation here. Moreover, her desire for White Deer Academy’s destruction was greater than Mo Tian!

Feng Qingyu didn’t hesitate a moment longer, and she shot towards the distance. Meanwhile, Yang Ye’s figure suddenly shot off behind her. After all, the Eye of the Heaven Dao would definitely abandon her if he didn’t go with her.

However, Li Laoguai suddenly obstructed Yang Ye’s path and said, “Yang Ye, you should just be good and stay here!” They wouldn’t naturally not allow Yang Ye to leave. Regardless of whether it was the Mo Clan, the Law Faction, or the Thousand Crane Sect, they had another main objective besides destroying White Deer Academy, and it was to kill Yang Ye!

Yang Ye glanced at Li Laoguai, and then he shrugged, “Then I’ll stay here.”

Li Laoguai laughed coldly, “Yang Ye, have you thought about how you intend to let it end? If you haven’t, then allow me. Don’t worry, I’ve thought of a few thousand ways to kill you, and it’ll definitely satisfy you.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Yang Ye wasn’t interested in wasting his breath on Li Laoguai. He just glanced at the surroundings and tightened his grip on the ancient sheath.

Meanwhile, Feng Qingyu had arrived over 20km away, and then Eye of the Heaven Dao pursued her there. Mo Tian and the others heaved slight sighs of relief when they saw it leave with her. But they were just about to attack when they noticed to their astonishment that the Eye of the Heaven Dao had suddenly come back!

It had come back!

Everyone here was stunned.

Even Feng Qingyu was stunned. What exactly is it doing?

Mo Tian and the others here gazed at the Eye of the Heaven Dao as well. What exactly is it trying to do? Or perhaps it has really gone mad and is doing as it pleases?Meanwhile, the Eye of the Heaven Dao suddenly gazed at Yang Ye and Li Laoguai.

Everyone here was stunned again when they witnessed this scene. It’s going to target Li Laoguai now? Li Laoguai?

Li Laoguai was quite stunned as well. The Eye of the Heaven Dao is actually targeting me?

Mo Tian brows were pressed tightly together, and he glanced at Li Laoguai with bewilderment. Did that bastard do something that defied the heavens as well?

No one had considered that the Eye of the Heaven Dao was targeting Yang Ye. Why? Because Yang Ye was only a Half-Saint! No one felt that it would target a Half-Saint. Normally, only existences at the Saint Realm or Quasi Emperors would draw the attention of the Eye of the Heaven Dao. Because only such experts were a threat to it.

As for those below the Saint Realm, wouldn’t the Eye of the Heaven Dao be too weak if even Half-Saints were a threat to it.

Because of Yang Ye’s cultivation, everyone here had unconsciously overlooked him.

Bang!

A bolt of pitch black divine lightning suddenly shot out from the Eye of the Heaven Dao. As expected, it shot down straight at Yang Ye and Li Laoguai. This time, it was over 500m thick, and a terrifying wave of pressure rained down alongside it.

It was the pressure from the true might of the heavens and the earth. While it wasn’t as strong as the aura of an Emperor, it was still extremely terrifying.

Li Laoguai’s expression changed when he witnessed this scene, and he gazed at the Eye of the Heaven Dao and roared furiously, “What’s wrong with you?”

Even though he was cursing, he didn’t dare act carelessly. He immediately slapped his palm upwards, and an energy palm flashed up and slammed against the divine lightning.

Bang!

The energy palm and divine lightning collided, and then a loud explosion resounded through the sky. However, only a moment passed before another bolt of lightning which was even larger than the previous one appeared in the sky. This time, its target was still Li Laoguai.

Li Laoguai’s expression grew extremely unsightly when he witnessed this scene.

“Everyone! See that?” Suddenly, Yang Ye pointed at Li Laoguai and roared furiously, “See that? The Heaven Dao refuses to tolerate their attack on our White Deer Academy, and that’s why heavenly wrath has descended to punish them!”

Everyone here was stunned, especially the members of White Deer Academy. They blinked their eyes as they gazed at the Eye of the Heaven Dao. Do the heavens really refuse to tolerate their attack on our academy? Is the Heaven Dao here to help us?

Even though many were still bewildered, even more believed it. So, some immediately roared, “The Heaven Dao doesn’t allow it! Mo Clan, Thousand Crane Sect, and the Law Faction! Your attack on our academy is in defiance of the heavens! Quickly surrender yourselves!”

“Defiance of the heavens! Mo Clan! Thousand Crane Sect! Law Faction! Do you see that? Even the heavens can’t bear to watch what all of you are doing! You’re defying the heavens. You’ll be obliterated if you don’t surrender right now!”

Xiao Bieli gazed at the Eye of the Heaven Dao as well, and there was a trace of bewilderment in his eyes. Has the Eye of the Heaven Dao really come to help my academy?

As for the experts from the Mo Clan, Thousand Crane Sect, and Law Faction, they exchanged glances with each other. Besides shock, there was a trace of fear in their eyes. After all, they didn’t dare to act in defiance of the heavens!

“Yang Ye! That’s bullshit!” Meanwhile, Mo Tian roared furiously, “Defiance of the heavens? How laughable! What do you think White Deer Academy is? Why would the Heaven Dao assist it? You think too highly of White Deer Academy!”

Yang Ye laughed coldly, “You don’t believe it? Then how about I prove it?”

“Go on! Prove it! If you can’t prove it, then I’ll kill you myself!” Mo Tian spoke fiercely. He naturally didn’t believe Yang Ye’s nonsense. As far as he was concerned, everything Yang Ye said was bullshit!

Yang Ye’s figure flashed over to Mo Tian, and then he pointed at Mo Tian and spoke furiously, “He’s the main culprit! Heavens! Smite him!”

As soon as Yang Ye spoke, the Eye of the Heaven Dao suddenly released another bolt of black divine lightning, and then the eyes of everyone in the surroundings opened wide. Because the bolt of divine lightning actually wasn’t shot at Li Laoguai, and it was descending towards Mo Tian instead!

Everyone here was at a loss for words.

Mo Tian’s eyes were opened wide as well, and even his mouth was opened wide while disbelief and a trace of bewilderment could be seen in his eyes.