Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 1140 – Upholding Justice On Behalf Of The Heavens!

It wasn’t just Mo Tian who had such a reaction. At this moment, all the experts from the Mo Clan, Thousand Crane Sect, and the Law Faction were looking at the Eye of the Heaven Dao with disbelief.

Are our actions really in defiance of the heavens? It’s not tolerated by the heavens?

At this moment, such thoughts which they felt were quite absurd had appeared in their minds.

Why did they feel that it was quite absurd?

Because what was White Deer Academy? It was nothing! So, how could the Eye of the Heaven Dao step forward for it and even send down its wrath for White Deer Academy? It didn’t make sense! It didn’t make sense at all!

If White Deer Academy was protected by the Heaven Dao, then would anyone in the Central Divine Prefecture dare to act against it?

But how could that be possible? How could the Eye of the Heaven Dao possible protect White Deer Academy? What made White Deer Academy so special?

All of them refused to believe that they were acting in defiance of the heavens, and they refused to believe that the Eye of the Heaven Dao would protect White Deer Academy. However, the facts of the situation were that the Eye of the Heaven Dao had actually attacked Mo Tian.

Meanwhile, Yang Ye suddenly shot a glance at Xiao Bieli and the others. Xiao Bieli was slightly stunned, and then he immediately came to an understanding. He immediately ordered everyone from White Deer Academy to consume violet crystals and recover their profound energy. Even though they didn’t have enough time, it was better than having no profound energy at all and being at the mercy of others.

Yang Ye withdrew his gaze, and then he suddenly pointed at the experts from the Mo Clan, Thousand Crane Sect, and Law Faction. He roared furiously, “See that? Your actions are in defiance of the heavens, and it isn’t tolerated by the heavens. Now, if you quickly put down your weapons and surrender, then perhaps you’ll still have a chance to survive. If you resist the Heaven Dao, then you should know what the consequences of that are, right?”

He was naturally not foolish enough to think that just this would be enough to trick Mo Tian and the others. The important matter at hand was to try his best to delay them and buy time for White Deer Academy!

Resist the Heaven Dao?

Their expressions changed when they heard Yang Ye.

Even though countless people throughout the Spirit Dimension were constantly shouting about defying the heavens, how many actually dared to do so? After all, if one acted in defiance of the heavens, then one didn’t just have to face the Eye of the Heaven Dao, one had to face the guardians of the Radiant Dimension.

The guardians!

Not to mention the Mo Clan, even the Nether Pavilion, the Evil Faction, and the other extraordinary powers which remained in hiding didn’t dare to rashly offend the guardians of the Radiant Dimension!Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

At this moment, fear had arisen in the hearts of many!

Meanwhile, Mo Tian was fighting against the Eye of the Heaven Dao. But the expression on his face was just like the expression Feng Qingyu and Li Laoguai had earlier. His face was covered in disbelief, extreme disbelief!

Why would the Eye of the Heaven Dao target me? Why? Why would it?

At this moment, Mo Tian and the others on his side weren’t able to figure it out!

“Kill!” Suddenly, Yang Ye issued a command in his heart, and the Sword Servants at the high-rank of the Saint Realm immediately charged at the enemy while Yang Ye followed closely behind Mo Tian.

In Yang Ye’s opinion, this moment was the best moment to act. Because the morale of the Mo Clan, the Thousand Crane Sect, and the Law Faction’s experts were at rock bottom, and they were completely muddled. So, attacking now would yield twice the results!

As soon as Yang Ye launched the attack, Zi Nan and the others who were on the Imperial Cloud Shuttle immediately attacked as well. However, they didn’t charge into the city, and they utilized the formations on the Imperial Cloud Shuttle instead. Beam after beam shot out from the cloud shuttle towards the experts of the Mo Clan, Thousand Crane Sect, and Law Faction that were attacking the city.

The experts of the academy didn’t stand by idly as well, and those who could still fight immediately attacked as well.

The battle erupted once more!

Perhaps it was because of the Eye of the Heaven Dao, but the imposing aura of the absolutely weaker side, White Deer Academy, was actually much stronger than the aura emanated by the forces from the Thousand Crane Sect, Mo Clan, and Law Faction.

At this moment, an endless will to fight surged within their hearts. Because the Eye of the Heaven Dao was on their side, and the experts of the Mo Clan, Law Faction, and Thousand Crane Sect were acting in defiance of the heaven’s will. So, White Deer Academy was upholding justice on behalf of the heavens by killing them!

“Uphold justice for the heavens!” Countless students roared in unison.

The morale of the experts from the Mo Clan and the other powers immediately weakened further when they heard those words.

As far as they were concerned, the Eye of the Heaven Dao in the sky was here to kill them. So, not only was their aura weaker when they fought, they were worried and vigilant against the Eye of the Heaven Dao!

Meanwhile, the Quasi Emperors of the Mo Clan intended to join the battle. But Yang Ye suddenly appeared before one of them, and then he pointed at that Quasi Emperor, “He’s one of the accomplices, smite him!”

That Quasi Emperor was slightly shocked. A moment later, a bolt of pitch black divine lightning descended towards him and Yang Ye.

Even with his level of mental strength, he couldn’t help but be horrified when he witnessed this scene, and there was a trace of bewilderment in his eyes as he gazed at the descending divine lightning.

Are we really acting in defiance of the heavens?

Even though he was bewildered, he wouldn’t just stand there like a fool and wait for death to arrive. So, he attacked decisively.

When he saw the Quasi Emperor attack and offend the Eye of the Heaven Dao, Yang Ye paid no further attention to that Quasi Emperor. He ran over to another Quasi Emperor instead, and then he pointed at that Quasi Emperor, “This fellow is an accomplice as well. Quickly smite him! Fucking smite him to death!”

As soon as Yang Ye finished speaking, another bolt of pitch black divine lightning descended.

At this moment, the eyes of many students from White Deer Academy were filled with admiration as they gazed at Yang Ye. After all, the Eye of the Heaven Dao struck anyone who Yang Ye pointed at! That was absolutely awe-inspiring!

Yang Ye was absolutely striking right now. Because wherever he went and whoever he pointed at, the Eye of the Heaven Dao would strike that person. So, the Quasi Emperors here were quite afraid of him. Of course, they were even more bewildered about why the Eye of the Heaven Dao struck anyone that Yang Ye pointed at!

The slaughter was still going on in the surroundings.

Yang Ye had practically kept all the Quasi Emperors busy on his own. At this moment, he was constantly running around between the Quasi Emperors. Moreover, the Eye of the Heaven Dao seemed to have grown furious, and the divine lightning it shot down was growing thicker and quicker. So, the area around Yang Ye and those Quasi Emperors was practically filled with lightning.

In the end, the Eye of the Heaven Dao was practically attacking everyone in that area.

Mo Tian and the others were being kept busy by the Eye of the Heaven Dao because of Yang Ye. As for the experts from the Mo Clan, Law Faction, and the Thousand Crane Sect, they were suffering heavy losses from the attacks from beam cannons on the Imperial Cloud Shuttle.

So, a strange scene had appeared here. It was clearly White Deer Academy’s forces that were weak and on the verge of defeat, but they were completely suppressing the experts of the Mo Clan, Law Faction, and Thousand Crane Sect. Moreover, they grew stronger and excited as the battle progressed. It was like the experts from the Mo Clan, Thousand Crane Sect, and Law Faction were the army that was weak and on the verge of defeat instead!

“Kill Yang Ye first!” Meanwhile, Mo Tian’s furious voice suddenly resounded. He was already feeling extremely aggrieved by the fact that the Eye of the Heaven Dao was targeting him, yet he had also had to watch Yang Ye move about freely. The most aggrieving part was that the Eye of the Heaven Dao struck anyone that Yang Ye pointed at! Even though he didn’t understand why, he knew that he had to get rid of Yang Ye!

Because Yang Ye was acting too haughtily!

As soon as they heard Mo Tian, the experts of the Mo Clan didn’t show a trace of hesitation. They immediately destroyed the divine lightning that was descending towards them, and then they attacked Yang Ye right away.

Yang Ye’s expression changed at the sight of this. He couldn’t resist the joint forces of 8 Quasi Emperors. But he couldn’t run as well. Because he would be exposed as soon as he did that! After all, the Eye of the Heaven Dao would definitely follow him!

So, he could only go head-on against them!

But how could he go head-on against 8 Quasi Emperors?

Right when Yang Ye was about to utilize stellar energy to go head-on against them, Xiao Bieli suddenly appeared in front of Yang Ye. Mo Tian and the others’ expressions instantly changed when they saw Xiao Bieli, and they immediately stopped. If they were to fight a Quasi Emperor now, then it wouldn’t just be black divine lightning but violet divine lightning that descended towards them!

Once violet divine lightning descended, then they would all be finished!

Fighting a Quasi Emperor wouldn’t be a problem at any other time, but the Eye of the Heaven Dao was right above them now! Moreover, it seemed like it had gone mad, so they didn’t dare risk it because it might just go crazy and send down a rain of violet divine lightning!

After all, even Emperors couldn’t resist violet divine lightning!

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

Pitch black divine lightning was descending incessantly from the sky, and endless pressure of the heavens and the earth was raining down as well. The entire White Deer Dimension was trembling before it.

At this moment, countless powers and experts throughout the Central Divine Prefecture were watching White Deer Dimension.

They were curious!

All of them were curious about why the Eye of the Heaven Dao was there and why it was attacking Mo Tian’s group!

As for the experts of the Mo Clan, Thousand Crane Sect, and Law Faction, they grew even more aggrieved. Because even until now, they still didn’t know how exactly they’d offended the Eye of the Heaven Dao!

“Fools!” Suddenly, a furious shout resounded in the sky, and then a hand which blotted out the sky swept through the air. In next to no time, all the descending black divine lightning were obliterated.

In next to no time, a middle aged man in a dark golden robe had appeared in the sky.

“Patriarch?” Mo Tian and the other experts of the Mo Clan were shocked when they saw the middle aged man, and then they hurriedly bowed to him. Even Mo Tian was no exception.

As for Xiao Bieli, his face was unsightly!

Mo Qingfeng!

The Mo Clan’s patriarch!

Mo Qingfeng’s gaze descended onto Yang Ye, and then he said, “Everyone retreat!”

How could the experts of the Mo Clan dare to disobey him? So, they immediately moved aside.

Yang Ye intended to go after them, but Mo Qingfeng suddenly stretched out his hand and clawed at Yang Ye. The space around Yang Ye instantly started to compact upon itself in layers, and it trapped Yang Ye there.

Meanwhile, Mo Qingfeng’s figure flashed over to the side.

Rumble!

Countless bolts of divine lightning rained down from above. This time, everyone was stunned on the spot again. Because those bolts of pitch black divine lightning were descending towards Yang Ye!

The Eye of the Heaven Dao is targeting Yang Ye!

At this moment, everyone finally came to an understanding!

Pu! Pu!

After they understood what had happened, Mo Tian and the other Quasi Emperors were instantly infuriated to the point of spitting out a few mouthfuls of blood!