Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1241 – I Can Use My Sword Now?

Yang Ye glanced at his right hand. It was covered in marks from the old man’s attacks. His violet profound energy surged towards his arm while he raised his head to look at the old man, “You’re much stronger than an ordinary Emperor, but it still isn’t quite enough!”

Yang Ye’s figure vanished on the spot once he finished speaking, and he instantly appeared in front of the old man before slamming his fist forward.

It was simple and violent!

A wisp of ferocity flashed through the old man’s eyes while his profound energy surged, and he stabbed the remaining half of the rob at Yang Ye.

Bang!

The iron rod was instantly blasted into pieces while the old man himself was blasted backwards. However, it didn’t take long for him to stop himself, and then his aura as an Emperor surged out explosively and pressed down upon Yang Ye.

The aura of an Emperor was extremely suppressive to cultivators below the Emperor Realm, but not to mention the aura of an Emperor, even the aura of a Voider was useless before Yang Ye.

Yang Ye slammed his fist forward, and the only man’s aura was instantly dispersed. Meanwhile, the old man suddenly appeared in front of Yang Ye and swung his palm at Yang Ye.

The old man would naturally not compete with Yang Ye in physical strength, and there was a thick layer of ice on the old man’s palm. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Bang!

Fist and palm collided, and then space rippled violently around the point of collision. A moment later, both of them shot backwards, but it didn’t take long for Yang Ye’s figure to stop moving. He stomped his right foot against the ground and shot like a cannonball in the direction of the old man.

The old man was shocked. He swiftly pressed his palms together and pushed them forward in Yang Ye’s direction.

Bang!

A mouthful of blood sprayed from the old man’s mouth while his figure was blasted backwards once more. This time, Yang Ye didn’t give the old man time to catch his breath, and Yang Ye’s figure immediately pressed forward before his fists rained down upon the old man.

At this moment, the old man was being pushed back successively, and he was almost incapable of fighting back.

Right when the old man was about to be unable to hold on any longer, Yang Ye suddenly stopped abruptly. After that, the others watched with bewilderment as Yang Ye’s figure shot over to Yun Banqing. Yun Banqing was extremely puzzled and was about to speak, but Yang Ye didn’t give her the chance to do that. He immediately wrapped his arm around her waist and vanished on the spot.

Yang Ye and Yun Banqing had just vanished when 3 old men arrived here. It was none other than Qin Sanguan’s group of 3.

“Get him!” As soon as Qin Sanguan finished speaking, all 3 of them immediately vanished on the spot.

Lin Huang was stunned by this scene, and then he hurriedly said, “Elder Yun, they are here to kill him. Let’s follow them!”

Elder Yun hesitated for a moment and said, “Young Master, his strength is formidable, so his identity is definitely not ordinary. It’s best if we don’t continue!”

“Are you telling me that Yu Mo died for nothing?” Lin Huang suddenly spoke with fury, “Are you telling me that we aren’t going to avenge the humiliation I just received? Elder Yun, if you refuse to go, I will!”

Lin Huang’s figure flashed and chased after them.

Elder Yun sighed softly, and then he vanished on the spot and shot ahead.

After Yang Ye carried Yun Banqing out of the city, he dashed off into the distance.

Yun Banqing asked, “Are they here?”

Yang Ye nodded and said, “It’s quite unfortunate. I was just about to kill that old geezer.” That old man’s strength was really not bad, and it was much greater than an ordinary Emperor. If he could kill the old man and refine the corpse into a Sword Servant, then it would definitely be much stronger than an ordinary Sword Servant. Unfortunately, Qin Sanguan’s group had arrived.

Yun Banqing glanced at Yang Ye and said, “How strong are you?”

He glanced at her and asked, “Why ask about that?”

She replied, “I’m just a little curious!”

Yang Ye smiled, “I’m strong in the eyes of many, but I’m actually extremely weak in the eyes of some!” Yang Ye was able to discern his own strength well. If it was in comparison to an ordinary person like Yun Banqing or ordinary Emperors, then he was very strong indeed. But if it was in comparison to Lady, Jian Wuji, and that mysterious expert who attacked him yesterday, then he was still very weak!

Yun Banqing glanced at him and didn’t say anything.

Around an hour later, ruins appeared within their fields of vision, and then Yang Ye sensed a strand of ghastly sword intent. Yang Ye didn’t stop, he sped up instead and entered the ruins. However, he’d only just entered the area when a few dozen rays of light suddenly shot towards him and forced him to a stop.

Yang Ye slammed his fist forward and dispersed them in an instant before continuing forward. However, it didn’t take long for another few dozen rays of light to force him to a stop again before slamming his fist forward once more. Meanwhile, Qin Sanguan’s group of 3, Elder Yun, and Lin Huang had appeared around them and surrounded them.

Yun Banqing’s face fell at the sight of this. 4 Emperors....

“Let me see how you flee now!” One of the old men by Qin Sanguan’s side gazed at Yang Ye and said, “You killed the young master of my Yun Clan! Not only you, even everyone related to you will die!” As he spoke, he gazed at Yun Banqing and continued, “Bitch! You colluded with an outsider to kill the younger master. Once I capture you and take you back, I’ll definitely make life worse than death for you. It’ll be the same for your mother and younger brother, even death will only be a dream for them!”

Yun Banqing’s gaze descended on the old man, and killing intent surged in her eyes.

Meanwhile, Lin Huang gazed at Yang Ye and spoke fiercely, “Weren’t you very strong? Why are you fleeing? Continue fleeing! Why aren’t you fleeing?”

Qin Sanguan gazed at Yang Ye and said, “It’s over.”

Yang Ye suddenly said, “I have a question!”

Lin Huang laughed ferociously, “You have a question when death is about to arrive? Alright, I’m quite curious what your question is!”

Qin Sanguan’s gaze descended onto Yang Ye as he spoke indifferently, “I’m really curious as well!”

Yang Ye glanced at the surroundings and said, “Why is the area filled with sword intent and rays of sword energy? Aren’t sword energy, sword intent, and other similar things prohibited from existing on Sword God Island?”

“I’ll answer that!” Lin Huang laughed coldly, “Because we’re within the territory of Sword God’s Palace. Sword intent and sword energy are allowed to exist here. As for why they are allowed, I don’t know. In any case, they can be present here.”

Yang Ye was astounded, “In other words, the sword can be used here?”

“Indeed!” Lin Huang sized up Yang Ye and said, “What? You want to use the sword?”

Yang Ye paid no attention to Lin Huang and just withdrew a sword. He hurriedly looked up at the sky, and there was no movement in the sky after quite some time passed.

Yang Ye took a deep breath, and then he gazed at them and spoke with slight excitement, “I really can use the sword!”

Lin Huang laughed coldly, “So what?”

“So what?” Yang Ye’s eyes narrowed slightly while a smile curled up on the corners of his lips, “Nothing. I just feel that only 4 Emperors aren’t really enough!”

Everyone here was speechless.