Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1242 – You just Can’t Shut Up!

Not enough? Qin Sanguan and the others were stunned upon hearing Yang Ye, and then they shook their heads and gazed at Yang Ye like they were looking at an idiot.

“You said that we aren’t sufficient? Hahaha!” Lin Huang gazed at Yang Ye and said, “That’s the biggest joke I’ve ever heard. Looks like even your mind isn’t working properly once it’s engulfed by despair. I....”

A ray of light flashed, and then Lin Huang’s voice stopped abruptly.

Yang Ye was in front of Lin Huang, and a sword was stabbed through the center of Lin Huang’s forehead. It was naturally Yang Ye who held the sword’s hilt.

Yang Ye gazed at Lin Huang who’d frozen on the spot and said, “You just can’t shut up!” He pulled out his sword once he finished speaking.

Hiss! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

A strand of blood sprayed out from the center of Lin Huang’s forehead.

“You....” Lin Huang stared fixedly at Yang Ye and seemed to want to say something. However, a ray of light flashed through his throat before his head flew up into the air.

“I’m not interested in listening to your nonsense!” Yang Ye waved the sword in his grasp, and it immediately started howling incessantly. At the same time, he turned to look at Qin Sanguan and the others. At this moment, all of them were looking at him, and there was shock and disbelief in the eyes of all 4 of those Emperors. Because the speed of Yang Ye’s attack was so swift that even they hadn’t been able to see it clearly.

Of course, most importantly, they hadn’t expected Yang Ye to be a sword cultivator!

A sword cultivator had actually come to Sword God Island!

After all, since the Sword God’s Palace was destroyed, Sword God Ocean had practically become a forbidden area for sword cultivators. No sword cultivator dared to come here, even if they were at the Emperor Realm!

Yet now, someone had!

Om!

Suddenly, a sword howl resounded, and then Yang Ye appeared behind Elder Yun. As for Elder Yun, his figure stiffened on the spot.

“How... how swift....” As soon as he finished speaking, a strand of blood sprayed from the center of his forehead.

An Emperor had been killed in an instant!

Qin Sanguan and the others’ mouths were so wide open that an egg could be stuffed in them.

Yun Banqing stared fixedly at Yang Ye while clenching her fists tightly.

Meanwhile, Qin Sanguan spoke abruptly, “Are... are you the Sword Alliance’s master, Yang Ye?”

Yang Ye waved his right hand and put the Elder Yun’s corpse away. After that, he turned around to look at Qin Sanguan, “Who do you think I am?”

Qin Sanguan took a deep breath, “My Qin Clan has no intention to become enemies with you. How about we let bygones be bygones?”

Meanwhile, one of the Emperors by Qin Sanguan’s side spoke, “My Yun Clan has no intention to become enemies with you as well!”

After all, he was Yang Ye! The World Devastator Cult’s strength in the Veiled Region wasn’t inferior to their Yun and Qin Clan, but what happened in the end? The Emperors of the World Devastator Cult that went to attack never returned. Besides that, they’d thought that Yang Ye’s ability to kill Emperors with ease was just an exaggeration, yet now, Yang Ye had personally put on a display of that right before their eyes!

He really was a monstrous genius who could annihilate Emperors in an instant!

Fight? All 3 of them weren’t confident!

Suddenly, Yun Banqing said, “If you let them live, they’ll definitely report your strength to the Veiled Region. At that time, many clans and powers in the Veiled Region will definitely join forces, and they might even launch a preemptive strike against the Sword Alliance. Besides that, you’re a sword cultivator, yet you were able to get here. If news of this were to spread....”

Swoosh!

Suddenly, Qin Sanguan turned around and fled. Actually, he’d never thought that Yang Ye would let them go. Why? Because he’d heard about Yang Ye’s ruthlessness, and he knew that Yang Ye had practically never shown mercy to his enemies. Moreover, Yang Ye had arrived here while he was a sword cultivator, so it would be extremely bad for Yang Ye if news of this was sent back to the Veiled Region. So, how could Yang Ye possibly spare him?

Thus, he’d decisively chosen to flee!

The other 2 Emperors from the Yun Clan were stunned when they saw Qin Sanguan flee, and then they intended to flee as well. Meanwhile, Qin Sanguan suddenly stopped moving while Yang Ye had suddenly appeared in front of Qin Sanguan. Moreover, blood was seeping out slowly from the center of Qin Sanguan’s forehead.

The Emperors of the Yun Clan were horrified when they saw Qin Sanguan annihilated in an instant. They didn’t flee and attacked in unison instead. After all, it would be foolish to flee at a time like this.

Right when they launched their attacks, Yang Ye vanished on the spot.

A few breaths of time later, only Yang Ye and Yun Banqing remained here.

Yang Ye withdrew a few violet crystals and swallowed them, and then he gazed at Yun Banqing. She was looking at him as well. Yang Ye said, “Did you figure out my identity a long time ago?”

She pondered deeply for a moment before she replied, “You asked about the Sword Alliance that day, and I was observing your reaction as I answered you. You seemed to really care about the Sword Alliance. Coupled with the terrifying strength that you possessed at such a young age, I suspected it. However, I wasn’t sure. Because you are a sword cultivator, but you never used the sword until now and were constantly utilizing your fist. So, you seemed more like a body refiner. Besides that, this place is a forbidden place for sword cultivators, so while I suspected that you were Yang Ye, I wasn’t able to convince myself of that fact.”

Yang Ye chuckled and said, “Miss Yun, now, I represent the Sword Alliance in inviting you to join it.”

She gazed at him for a long time before she answered, “I agree.”

“We’re truly on the same side now!” Yang Ye flicked a dagger over to her while he spoke, “You seem to use daggers. I obtained this by chance, so you can have it.”

A Quasi Emperor Rank dagger! Yun Banqing glanced at it, she didn’t refuse and just took it.

Yang Ye glanced at the surroundings and said, “Wait a while for me.”

He waved his right hand, and then 5 corpses appeared before him. He’d killed 4 Emperors just now and coupled with the black robed old man he’d killed upon arriving on Sword God Island, he had a total of 5 corpses of Emperors! Even though he could use his sword now, he still intended to refine them into Sword Servants!

It was for safety’s sake!

Yang Ye didn’t start refining immediately, and he recovered his profound energy before starting.

Yun Banqing glanced at him and said, “You really do know how to refine puppets!”

Yang Ye replied, “You knew?”

She nodded slightly, “Based on the information I gathered, you have puppets by your side. So, I guessed that you might know how to refine them. But I never expected you to actually know how to do that. Moreover, they are even Emperor Realm puppets. There’s a gap in strength between such puppets and actual Emperors, right?”

Yang Ye nodded, “Yes. They only have around 70% or 80% of a real Emperor’s strength.”

Yun Banqing replied, “That’s still extremely terrifying!”

Yang Ye smiled and didn’t speak further. He just started concentrating on the refinement. Just like that, a day passed, and 5 Sword Servants appeared before him. However, he noticed that these 5 might have reached his limits. Why? Because refining Sword Servants required control over one’s mental strength. If the Sword Servants in Doomsday City were included, then he had around 20 puppets. That was the limit of his current mental strength, and his mind was likely to collapse if he created more.

Of course, if his strength grew, then his mind and soul would grow stronger as well, and he would naturally be able to refine more. But he couldn’t do it right now.

Yang Ye placed 3 of the Sword Servants in his spatial ring, and he merely left 2 outside. Just 2 Emperors to deter others was sufficient. If he didn’t have these 2 Emperors by his side, then countless would target him and Yun Banqing. He naturally didn’t fear them, but he didn’t want to offend so many and waste time on them!

Just like that, their group of 2 moved deeper into the ruins.

Yun Banqing said, “We should be in the outer area of Sword God’s Palace!”

Yang Ye nodded slightly as he surveyed the surroundings. Collapsed pavilions covered the area around him, and there were various huge and damaged swords made from unknown metal.

Yun Banqing spoke softly, “I never expected the Sword God’s Palace to be reduced to such a state!”

Yang Ye replied, “If there’s glory, there’ll be decline. No power is capable of maintaining its brilliance for eternity!”

Yun Banqing gazed at him, “Will the Sword Alliance end up like this?”

“Who knows?” Yang Ye continued, “No one knows what’ll happen in the future. All we can do is prevent the Sword Alliance from falling into decline right now. As for the future, we can talk about it in the future. Thinking too much about it would make life meaningless.”

Yun Banqing said, “You have quite a good mindset!”

Yang Ye smiled and was about to speak, but his expression suddenly changed. He grabbed Yun Banqing and stopped moving. At the same time, a circle of light suddenly arose about 30m around them. After that, a moment of silence ensued before countless rays of sword energy suddenly erupted from the circle of light. The rays of sword energy were extremely swift, and they instantly arrived before Yang Ye and Yun Banqing.

Yang Ye’s eyes narrowed slightly as he raised his right hand. In an instant, those rays of light stopped moving, and then Yang Ye waved his hand lightly. The rays of light and the circle of light around them vanished.

Yun Banqing clearly heaved a sigh of relief and said, “Quasi Emperors would be courting death by coming here. Even Emperors might perish from the slightest mistake.”

Yang Ye nodded. Those rays of light from before were absolutely not something that Quasi Emperors could resist.

They continued forward. It didn’t take long for them to arrive at a circular pool. It wasn’t large and only occupied an area of around 50m. Silver water rippled throughout the pool.

Yun Banqing pointed towards the side, “Look over there!”

Yang Ye looked along the direction she pointed at, and he noticed a damaged stone tablet not too far away from the pool. There were 3 characters on it ‘洗剑池’!

“A sword cleansing pool?” Yang Ye frowned a little. He pondered deeply for an instant before casually tossing a Saint Rank sword into the pool. A moment of silence ensued, and then the sword started to ripple violently. In next to no time, Yang Ye watched with astonishment as a ray of dazzling light suddenly erupted from the sword, and then the sword started to float up slowly into the air.

Yang Ye gestured at it, and the sword flew into his grasp. Yang Ye was instantly shocked when he saw it. Because while it was still at the Saint Rank, it was clearly much sharper than before. Besides that, it felt completely different. Previously, the sword was like an ugly woman with disheveled hair and a dirty face, yet now, it seemed like a peerless beauty that was all dressed up!

Yang Ye’s gaze descended onto the pool and said, “Sword cleansing... sword cleansing.... It cleanses the impurities within a sword, allowing it to grow purer! What a treasure! The Sword Alliance just happens to need it!”

Yang Ye didn’t hesitate to wave his right hand and take the entire pool.

“How dare you!” Suddenly, a voice resounded before a strand of ghastly cold light flashed by. After that, a sword was pressed against the center of Yang Ye’s forehead.