Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1249 – I’ll Kill That Person!

There’s someone in there, and that person knows me!

At this moment, Yang Ye was quite dazed. He gazed at Yun Banqing, and he saw that her eyes were filled with bewilderment as well. She was sure that it was Yang Ye’s first trip to Sword God Island, yet there was someone in the main hall, and that person knew Yang Ye. That was truly quite inconceivable.

Yun Banqing asked, “Are you going in?”

Yang Ye smiled, “I can’t just turn back now, right?”

As he spoke, he withdrew some violet crystals and swallowed them .After that, he looked up at the sky. Swords were floating throughout the sky because those swords had become like ships without their anchor once the circle of light was destroyed. They were just floating all over the sky. Yang Ye didn’t hesitate to wave his right hand. In an instant, those swords surged towards him, and he put them all away.

Around 10,000 Quasi Emperor Rank swords!

Just thinking about it made him excited!

Yang Ye suppressed the excitement and happiness in his heart, and he said, “Let’s go in and have a look. After all, not only is there someone in there, that person knows me. I’m truly very curious.”

As soon as he finished speaking, both of them entered the hall.

At the center of the hall was a green robed man who sat cross-legged there. He had his back to Yang Ye and Yun Banqing, so they couldn’t see his appearance clearly. Besides that, the entire hall was completely empty.

Yun Banqing spoke softly, “Be careful!”

Yang Ye nodded slightly and started walking towards the green robed man. When he arrived just 30m away, an invisible barrier obstructed him. Yang Ye didn’t force his way through and stopped instead, “Who are you? Why do you know my name? What did you mean when you said that you’ve been waiting a long time for me?”

Yang Ye sized up the green robed man while he spoke, but his divine sense had just left his body when it felt like a rock falling into an ocean.

“I’ll answer your questions later.” The man continued, “Can you answer a few questions of mine?”

Yang Ye replied, “Go on!”

The green robed man asked, “That sword you used earlier, was it a sword of slaughter?”

Yang Ye answered, “Yes!”

The green robed man pondered deeply for a short moment before he said, “I’ve only seen a single sword like that outside our region. I never expected to see one again. You were able to subdue it and utilize it, so I presume you’ve killed many, right?”

Yang Ye said, “Quite a few indeed!”

The man fell silent for a long time before he said, “If the people of the world vilify you, bully you, insult you, mock you, look down on you, curse you, or deceive you. What would you do?”

Yang Ye chuckled, “Kill them! If someone acts against me, I’ll kill that person!”

The man asked, “What if a million bully you, would you kill them?”

Yang Ye replied with a question, “Why not?” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The man fell silent for a long time before he said, “There is no kindness in your heart!”

“Of course I do!” Yang Ye continued, “But my kindness depends on the person. Should I show kindness and mercy to an enemy? No! I’ve always believed that kindness to the enemy is cruelty to oneself, and it’s irresponsibility to your loved ones and friends. Enemies should be annihilated!”

The green robed man said, “Your Sword Dao is a selfish one!”

“Everyone is selfish!” Yang Ye continued, “But I don’t hide my selfishness, and that’s why I seem exceptionally selfish!”

The man remained silent for a long time, “You’re right, everyone is selfish. But do you know that he could have avoided death that day, but he didn’t hesitate to give up on improving his Sword Dao and rushed back to stop that existence just for this continent. If he hadn’t come back from outside the region, he wouldn’t have died. At that time, I really hoped that he would act selfishly for once!”

Yang Ye’s eyes narrowed slightly. He naturally knew who the man was talking about, Jian Wuji, of course. Yang Ye sized up the man and asked, “Who are you?”

“Don’t be impatient. I’ll answer everything later! I haven’t spoken to anyone for so many years, so let me speak for a while!” The man continued, “I asked him why he insisted on coming back when he knew that he was no match for that existence. He said that there are many times when someone is needed to step forward at a certain moment in time and at a certain place without taking a single step back. So long as one stood on that spot, one had unavoidable responsibility and it was that person’s duty! He did that. Even until the moment of his death, he’d never stepped back. Even if that existence intended to spare him, he still hadn’t left until he died in battle.”

The man paused for a moment and continued, “If you were in his place, then you would have definitely not come, right?”

Yang Ye chuckled, “I will fight for my loved ones and friends, but I refuse to fight for the world.”

The man asked, “Why?”

Yang Ye replied, “Because if I’m in trouble, only my loved ones and friends would help me. As for the others in this world? Would they help me? They wouldn’t! So, to be honest, what does their fate have to do with me?”

The man remained silent for a long time before he nodded, “I understand now. There are a myriad Daos of the Sword, and everyone has a different Sword Dao. There’s no right or wrong Sword Dao, and only suitable or unsuitable Sword Daos. Your Sword Dao suits you, and you stay true to your heart and continue on your path of the Sword Dao. That’s why you’ve been able to gain such accomplishments.”

Yang Ye said, “Now can you answer my questions?” He didn’t really want to continue speaking about such pointless things.

The man replied, “What do you want to know?”

Yang Ye asked, “Who are you?”

The green robed man replied, “I’ll answer that question at the end.”

Yang Ye glanced at the man and said, “How do you know me?”

The man replied, “You’ve been to Godfall Mountain, so I know you!”

Yang Ye was puzzled, “Why?”

The man waved his right hand, and a screen of light instantly appeared before Yang Ye. It flickered for a moment before Yang Ye appeared on it. Yang Ye was stunned because it was displaying the moment that he entered Godfall Mountain that day. Moreover, it had everything from the moment he ascended Godfall Mountain until he left it.

Yang Ye waved his hand and everything before him vanished, “Are you not going to explain?”

The man replied, “A Mirage Formation, he placed it there!”

Yang Ye nodded, “Alright, that concludes my previous question. Now for me last question. Who are you? What are you doing here?”

The man fell silent for a moment before he said, “Don’t use your sword intent and profound energy!”

As soon as he finished speaking, the green robed man suddenly vanished on the spot, and he was in front of Yang Ye when he appeared once more. After that, a sword stabbed straight towards the center of Yang Ye’s forehead.

Yang Ye’s eyes narrowed slightly, and he instantly slammed his fist forward.

However, Yang Ye’s face instantly changed drastically when his fist collided with the sword, and his right foot twisted against the ground as he moved around 30m back before looking at his hand. At this moment, his hand was trembling. Not because the green robed man was too strong, and it was because that attack had stabbed at the point where his strength erupted from. It had blocked his strength and caused him to suffer backlash!

It was a flaw!

Yang Ye had an extremely solemn expression on his face because the mad had stabbed straight against the flaw in his attack!

“Again!” The green robed man vanished once more. A moment later, he appeared behind Yang Ye, and a sword stabbed towards the back of Yang Ye’s head at extreme speed.

Yang Ye didn’t dare act carelessly. A sword immediately appeared in his grasp, and then he turned around swiftly and swung it horizontally. Right when their swords were about to collide, the green robed man suddenly changed the trajectory of his sword and struck a sideway stab against the back of Yang Ye’s sword.

Clang!

Yang Ye staggered forward, and his sword almost flew out of his grasp!

Yang Ye was stunned as he gazed at the sword which had almost flown out of his grasp.

“See that? Your strength is very great, but your technique is insufficient. If you encounter a true expert, then not only will your strength be unable to become a barrier to them, it will become a form of assistance to them instead. I didn’t put much strength behind that attack, and I just made it stab where it should stab at the right moment. So, it had such a great effect.”

As soon as he finished speaking, his figure vanished on the spot again, and it didn’t take long for Yang Ye and him to be in battle again.

Yun Banqing was stunned by their battle. Because Yang Ye was completely suppressed. Yang Ye was in a very embarrassing state right now. Not only was he completely suppressed, he’d almost lost his sword on many occasions. Yang Ye simply seemed like someone who’d just taken up the sword!

Around 15 minutes later, a soft clang resounded as Yang Ye’s sword was flicked away and stabbed into the ground.

Both of them stopped.

Yang Ye was stunned as he gazed at his sword in the distance. He’d never imagined that he would ever lose his sword in battle, and it had actually been accomplished with such ease!

The green robed man said, “When I saw you deal with the formation earlier, I noticed that you only know how to use brute force and powerful techniques. Actually, that sword formation wasn’t powerful at all after suffering 10,000 years of deterioration. Actually, based on your strength, just a single attack would have been sufficient to destroy it. Unfortunately, you fought so hard that you were almost exhausted.”

Yang Ye took a deep breath, and then he turned around and bowed slightly to the green robed man, “Please provide me with your guidance!”

The green robed man said, “You’re extremely swift, and your strength is extremely great as well. Unfortunately, you haven’t been able to utilize them well. Sword cultivators destroy all techniques with a single swing of the sword. How does one accomplish that? It’s naturally by locating the flaws in the technique and destroying it with a single blow. You possess the Enlightened Sword Heart, so accomplishing that is actually not difficult at all. All techniques and moves have their flaws. If you think someone has no flaws, then the reason isn’t that the person has no flaws, but the person is too strong while you are too weak.”

“Destroying all techniques with a single swing....” Yang Ye clenched his fists slowly. Indeed, from some moment in time, he only used brute force and slammed all sorts of powerful sword techniques against his enemies. Look for their flaws? He couldn’t be bothered!

The green robed man said, “I attacked you to remind you that the Sword Dao seeks simplicity. Stab where you should stab!”

As soon as he finished speaking, he started walking slowly towards Yang Ye, “Didn’t you want to know who I am? I’ll tell you right now.”

The green robed man immediately transformed into a ray of light that entered the center of Yang Ye’s forehead.

Yang Ye’s eyes suddenly opened wide while a mark appeared on his forehead.