Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1252 – Against A Voider!

As soon as Yuan Qiubai finished speaking.

Hiss!

Yuan Qiubai’s head had vanished while a fountain of blood shot up from his neck. Meanwhile, a head had appeared in Yang Ye’s grasp, and there was a small shield at the center of the head’s forehead. At this moment, it had struggled free of Yuan Qiubai’s forehead and intended to flee. However, it didn’t take long for Yang Ye to catch it and toss it into the tiny vortex.

Once he was done, Yang Ye gazed at the old man. Surprisingly, the old man was very calm, and he didn’t look angry at all.

Yang Ye said, “I’m quite surprised!”

The old man replied, “Surprised about how calm I am?”

Yang Ye nodded.

The old man gazed at him and said, “He’s dead, so what’s the point of getting angry? No matter how angry I get, he’s still dead, right?”

Yang Ye nodded, “Indeed!”

The old man said, “His death can only be blamed on himself. He didn’t possess sufficient strength yet insisted on overestimating his ability, and he even acted complacently and looked down on his opponent just because he had a Void Rank treasure. If he doesn’t change that attitude of his, then even if he survived you, he’ll die at the hands of another. If even the heavens of this world could lose its life from courting death, let alone a person!”

“You’re quite open-minded!” Yang Ye continued, “As you said, he’s dead. I think that there’s no need for us to enter into conflict because of a dead person. What do you think?”

The old man gazed at Yang Ye and said, “I can’t change the fact that he’s dead, but I can avenge him. Someone has to pay for his death, and I can’t be the one to do that, right? Besides that, I’m really quite tempted by those Emperor Rank treasures and that Void Rank Phantom Shield. So, what do you think?”

Yang Ye gazed at the old man for a short while before he nodded, “This place is too small. Why don’t we head out and have some fun?”

“That’s exactly what I want!” The old man turned around and left the hall.

Yang Ye was about to go after the old man when Yun Banqing suddenly said, “You....”

Yang Ye turned around to gaze at her, and he smiled, “Actually, I really want to fight a Voider as well. I won’t tell you to flee because it’s impossible for you to survive if I die. So, just stay away.”

Even though he’d fought a Voider Realm demon beast, that demon beast hadn’t fought him seriously at all, and it was the same for him as well. After all, he hadn’t utilized his sword during the battle.

Now, he wanted to truly fight a Voider!

As soon as he finished speaking, Yang Ye immediately vanished towards the distance.

Yun Banqing gazed at the exit for a short while, and then she took a deep breath and followed them.

The area outside the hall was extremely vast. Even though there were many pavilions there, there was over 10k of distance between each pavilion.

The old man stopped, turned around, and gazed at Yang Ye, “I’ll treat you seriously. Do you know why?”

“I’m quite curious about that!” replied Yang Ye. Actually, he was only a mid-rank Saint right now, and the old man was definitely able to discern that. However, the old man hadn’t attacked him in the hall and had agreed to fight him outside. That was really unusual. Because not to mention a Saint, a Voider could even kill an Emperor with ease!

The old man replied, “The number one genius on the continent, the Sword Alliance’s master, Yang Ye! How could I not take someone like you seriously? After all, that old geezer from the World Devastator Cult never returned after he left the Veiled Region.”

Yang Ye’s eyes narrowed. He gazed at the old man for a long time before he said, “When did you realize who I was?”

The old man said, “If I knew you were Yang Ye from the beginning, then Qiubai wouldn’t have died. Your attainments in the Sword Dao are formidable, and I’ve never seen anyone who can compare to you. Actually, if Qiubai didn’t have that Phantom Shield, that 1st attack of yours would have already killed him.”

Yang Ye replied, “Since you didn’t know from the very beginning, then it was from the moment I executed the Head Snatcher technique, right?”

The old man nodded slightly, “The World Devastator Cult sent the Head Snatcher to deal with you, and that’s no secret in the Veiled Region. But he was killed by you, and that’s common knowledge as well. So, it’s the most likely that the Head Snatcher technique fell into your hands. Coupled with the fact that you’ve a sword cultivator and are able to remain calm and composed even before me.... Such strength and mentality could only be possessed by one sword cultivator in the younger generation, so who else could you be but the master of the Sword Alliance, Yang Ye?”

Yang Ye shook his head, “I wanted to keep a low profile, but I can’t help but be too outstanding! Alas! As they say, gold shines wherever it is!”

The old man suddenly asked, “Did you kill that Voider from the World Devastator Cult?”

Yang Ye looked up at the old man and said, “What do you think?”

The old man pondered deeply for a while before he said, “Throughout history, only Jian Wuji killed a Voider while at the Saint Realm, and he relied on the precious treasure of the Sword God’s Palace, the Sword God’s Seal, in order to accomplish that. Even though you’re extremely strong, there’s still quite a gap between both of you when compared to the strength he possessed at your age!”

“You seem to hope that I can’t kill Voiders!” Yang Ye grinned, “Or perhaps, you’re afraid. Afraid that I can kill Voiders, right?”

The old man gazed at Yang Ye for a long while before he said, “Come! Let me see how strong the number one genius of the continent, the Sword Alliance’s master, Yang Ye, is!”

Bang!

A pillar of blood suddenly shot up into the sky and instantly dyed the sky red. At the same time, a blood red sword appeared in Yang Ye’s right hand while the ancient sheath appeared in his left grasp. As soon as the blood red sword appeared, boundless baleful energy and slaughter intent surged out in waves from within Yang Ye.

The old man’s gaze descended onto the blood red sword in Yang Ye’s grasp, “A Void Rank sword... and it’s even a sword of slaughter.... Bring it on!”

Yang Ye started walking slowly in the old man’s direction, and every single step he took created a blood red footprint on the ground, “Actually, I too want to see how strong a Voider is!”

As soon as he finished speaking, Yang Ye vanished on the spot, and he was in front of the old man when his figure appeared once more. Yang Ye drew his sword swiftly, and a sword howl shot up into the sky as the sword in his hand descended towards the old man while emanating monstrous slaughter intent and baleful energy.

200 overlapped Heavenrends!

The old man’s eyes narrowed slightly. A moment later, a black hook appeared in his right grasp, and he lightly flicked it upwards.

Clang!

The sword and hook collided, and an invisible wave of energy swept out from the point of collision. But it didn’t take long for the old man’s aura and Yang Ye’s sword intent to obliterate the energy.

A moment of silence ensued before the hook shattered in the old man’s grasp. Yang Ye’s sword was at the Void Rank while the hook was only at the Emperor Rank. Coupled with the strength of Yang Ye’s Rebirth Rank sword intent, it couldn’t resist Heaven’s Gravestone at all.

The old man suddenly vanished at the same time that the hook shattered, and he was 300m away when his figure appeared once more. Meanwhile, he swiftly stretched out his hand in Yang Ye’s direction and said, “Compress!”

As soon as he spoke, the space around Yang Ye actually started to overlap and pressed down upon Yang Ye.

Bang!

Rebirth Rank sword intent appeared around Yang Ye, but it wasn’t able to shatter the spacer around him, and it could only slow down the speed that it pressed down upon him. Moreover, it only slowed it down a little!

Yang Ye had a solemn expression on his face because this wasn’t a feat of pure control over space. The space that was overlapping and pressing down upon him actually contained some sort of imposing aura. Yes, it was the imposing aura of a Voider. The old man had fused his aura into the space around Yang Ye, so it had fortified the space there by at least 10 times!

Yang Ye pondered deeply for a moment before he sheathed the blood red sword and drew it swiftly!

A ray of blood red sword energy shot forward and space was instantly torn apart before it. However, Yang Ye’s face grew even more solemn. Because the space which his sword energy tore open was healing swiftly. Moreover, the blood red ray of sword energy was compressed and obliterated by the space in the surroundings after traveling around 100m forward!

Meanwhile, the aura of a Voider was surging out incessantly from within the old man, and all of it surged into the space around Yang Ye. In the end, they fused with the space there.

The space around Yang Ye was pressing down upon him without end. At this moment, he only had an area of around 1.5m in his vicinity that he could move freely through. Moreover, that was only because his Rebirth Rank sword intent was obstructing the space around him. If he didn’t have Rebirth Rank sword intent, then he would probably be unable to move even a muscle. However, even with Rebirth Rank sword intent, it was still pressing down upon him incessantly.

The space he could move in was growing smaller and smaller!

Meanwhile, the old man suddenly spoke, “Is that all you’ve got?”

Yang Ye looked up at the old man and said, “It’s only the beginning! Why are you getting so impatient!”

Om!

As soon as he finished speaking, almost 10,000 rays of light instantly shot up into the air from within Yang Ye. With the enhancement of Yang Ye’s Void Rank slaughter intent and Rebirth Rank sword intent, these swords tore open the space before them with absolute ease. In an instant, the space that trapped Yang Ye was torn into pieces by those swords!

At the same time, a circle of light appeared in the sky.

Sky Eradicator!

The formation within the Sword God’s Seal!

The formation had appeared within his mind when he obtained the Sword God’s Seal just now, and it needed swords to be activated. Swords which he just happened to have!

So, Yang Ye hadn’t hesitated to activate it!

The old man’s expression changed when he witnessed this scene. When over 10,000 Quasi Emperor Rank swords were enhanced by Void Rank slaughter intent, Rebirth Rank sword intent, and a formation, even he didn’t dare to underestimate the strength it possessed!

The old man’s eyes narrowed while he slowly relaxed his fists. In an instant, a terrifying aura surged out explosively from within him, and it grew stronger and stronger. At this moment, the old man seemed like a volcano that was about to erupt!

The circle of light in the sky was ceaselessly emanating circle after circle of dazzling light. All 10,000 swords had converged upon it to form a huge sword. But the huge was blood red right now! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Meanwhile, Yang Ye stood behind the huge blood red sword. A wisp of ferocity flashed through his eyes as he looked down at the old man and said, “I’ll kill you with this!”

As soon as he finished speaking, a sword shaped mark appeared on Yang Ye’s forehead.

Om!

At this moment, all the people and demon beasts throughout Sword God Island heard a sword howl, and all of them looked in the direction of Sword God’s Palace while astonishment filled their eyes!

At this moment, even the old man was stunned because his aura had actually been forced back into his body!