Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1335 – I Want To See The Sword Master!

Yang Ye paid no attention to the black robed old man and looked towards the distance instead.

It didn’t take long for the crowd to split apart, and then a woman appeared before them. She wore a green dress that was dragged against the ground behind her, her beautiful hair hung loosely down to her shoulders, and her face was calm. She had an indifferent bearing.

There were 15 silver armored guards behind her.

She was Ye Liuyun, of course!

Everyone hurriedly bowed respectfully when they saw her. Even though Yang Ye was the master of the Sword Alliance, Yang Ye was an elusive figure that very few met. But Ye Liuyun was different. She managed everything in the city, and every single thing she decided was related to the future of countless people. It could be said that while her prestige and influence wasn’t on par with Yang Ye, it was merely inferior to Yang Ye.

The black robed old man hurriedly walked over to Ye Liuyun and bowed slightly to her with an extremely respectful expression on his face. He was just about to speak but Ye Liuyun just went around him and walked towards Yang Ye.

The black robed old man was stunned when he saw this.

Ye Liuyun walked over to Yang Ye and was about to bow, but Yang Ye waved his hand and said, “These things really aren’t necessary between us.”

Ye Liuyun grinned and asked, “When did you get back?”

Yang Ye replied, “Just now. I’d intended to go look for you, but Snowy wanted to have some fun, so we accompanied her.”

He’d just spoken about Snowy, and she’d emerged from the store. She was holding 10 fruits in front of her. She brought them to Yang Ye, and her round and puffy face had a brilliant smile on it.

Yang Ye grinned, placed them within a spatial ring and strung it on a string. After that, he placed it around Snowy’s neck, “If you want to eat, just get one yourself!”

Snowy hurriedly nodded, and then withdrew one and started eating.

Ye Liuyun asked, “She likes sweet things?”

Yang Ye nodded in response.

Ye Liuyun nodded slightly, and then she glanced at the 2 people standing before Yang Ye. After that, she took a glance at the surroundings and asked, “What happened?”

Yang Ye gazed at Lin Mo’s group and replied, “You have to ask them that question.”

At this moment, everyone here was frozen on the spot, and their minds were blank. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

They know each other!

Counsellor Ye of the Sword Alliance knows him!The black robed old man and the others’ countenances had turned even paler.

Ye Liuyun glanced at them, but she didn’t ask them anything. She turned around and gazed at Xiao Lan instead, “Can you tell me what happened?”

Xiao Lan glanced at the black robed old man, Lin Mo, and the others. She was quite hesitant. Meanwhile, Ye Liuyun smiled, “It’s fine. No one can touch you while I’m here.”

Xiao Lan instantly heaved a sigh of relief when Ye Liuyun guaranteed her safety, and then she started to describe the sequence of events. She grew more and more agitated as she spoke. In the end, she exposed all the misdeeds of the enforcement team.

“What nonsense!” Meanwhile, the black robed old man suddenly shouted with rage, “Our enforcement team....”

Suddenly, Ye Liuyun glanced at the old man, and the old man’s expression instantly changed and hurriedly shut his mouth. Because the aura of the experts by Ye Liuyun’s side had locked onto him. He knew that if he said another word, then they wouldn’t just have locked onto him, they would attack.

Ye Liuyun turned and gazed at Xiao Lan, “Go on.”

Xiao Lan glanced at Ye Liuyun, took a deep breath, and then continued. As she recounted what had happened, the expressions of the black robed old man and the others became extremely unsightly.

A long time passed before Xiao Lan took a deep breath and said, “That’s all.”

Ye Liuyun remained silent for a long time, and then she gazed at Yang Ye and said, “I never expected them to be so terrible. It was my oversight.”

Yang Ye shook his head, “You’re so busy all day. How could you possibly have the time to manage these trivial matters. If I hadn’t had the sudden impulse to stroll through the streets with Snowy, I wouldn’t have seen such a scene as well.” Even though he was angry, he didn’t blame Ye Liuyun. She had so much on her plate already, so she would probably die of exhaustion if she had to manage such trivial matters as well.

Ye Liuyun nodded lightly, and then she turned to look at the old man’s group, “From this moment onward, all of you cease to belong to the enforcement team. Moreover, you must leave Doomsday City immediately and never take another step into the city. If you dare to enter the city, your heads will be hung outside the city gates!”

As soon as she finished speaking, she turned around and gazed at Yang Ye, “Is that alright?”

Yang Ye replied, “You make the decision.”

Ye Liuyun nodded. Meanwhile, the black robed old man suddenly said, “Counsellor Ye, I refuse to accept this!”

Ye Liuyun turned to look at the black robed old man. The black robed old man spoke in a low voice, “Counsellor Ye, how could you just listen to only that little girl’s version of events and expel us brothers from the Sword Alliance? Such actions will bitterly disappoint all of us!”

Ye Liuyun said, “Did she slander all of you?”

The old man spoke in a low voice, “Of course. Our enforcement team has always abided by the rules of the city. Even if some have broken the rules and collected those fees she spoke of, it isn’t that serious to warrant being expelled from the Sword Alliance. Moreover, you’re even expelling all of us.”

Ye Liuyun glanced at the black robed old man’s group, “Elder Xu, don’t tell me you didn’t know what your grandson was doing. You didn’t stop him and assisted him in his crimes instead by giving him protection. Elder Xu, that’s abuse of power to seek personal gain. Moreover, do you realize that your actions have really adversely affected the Sword Alliance. To be honest, all of you should be killed today as a warning to others. However, out of consideration for the fact that you once contributed to the Sword Alliance, I allowed all of you to live.”

“I refuse to accept this!” The black robed old man said, “I want to see the Sword Master! I want the Sword Master to uphold justice for us!” Once they were expelled from the Sword Alliance and Doomsday City, everything they had would be gone. Moreover, they would have no chance to improve their cultivations further if they were forced to leave Doomsday City.

Yang Ye was speechless.

Zi’er, on the other hand, couldn’t contain her laughter.

Ye Liuyun shook her head, and then she gazed at Yang Ye, “Let’s go!”

Yang Ye nodded, and then he took Zi’er’s hand and walked off.

The black robed old man was about to speak when one of the silver armored guards behind Ye Liuyun appeared in front of the black robed old man, and he said, “Fool, take a good look at the man who’s by Young Miss Ye’s side. Open your eyes and look!” As soon as he finished speaking, he turned around and followed Ye Liuyun’s group.

The black robed old man was stunned on the spot, and then he turned to look at Yang Ye and Ye Liuyun. He noticed that while Ye Liuyun seemed to be walking by Yang Ye’s side, that was actually not the case. Ye Liuyun was behind Yang Ye, but the gap between them was very short, and just around half a step. So, it would be impossible to notice if one didn’t look carefully.

It was the respect that someone of lower status gave to someone of higher status.

When he thought up to this point, the old man’s face instantly turned ghastly pale, and he took a few steps back, “He... he’s the Sword Master....”

The old man hadn’t kept his voice soft, so everyone had heard him.

The crowd in the surroundings instantly seethed with excitement.

“He’s Yang Ye! He’s Yang Ye! He’s Yang Ye!”

“My god! He was actually Yang Ye! No wonder he seemed quite familiar just now! So he’s the Sword Master, Yang Ye!”

“I knew it! How could someone who dared to hit Xu Yuntian be ordinary? Ptooey! Ptooey! That fellow is trash! He isn’t even worthy of being hit by the Sword Master!”

“Actually, I knew he was Yang Ye.”

The others were at a loss for words when they heard this.

Meanwhile, Xiao Lan was stunned at the entrance to her store. She hadn’t expected that the man who’d just been in her store was actually the owner of Doomsday City, Yang Ye!

Suddenly, a man in silver armor appeared before Xiao Lan. He cupped his fist to her, withdrew a command token, and passed it to her, “Miss Xiao Lan, this is an identity token. The Sword Master said that if you’re willing to join the Sword Alliance, then take the token and you’ll be a member of the Sword Alliance from now on. Right, Young Miss Ye has said that if you’re willing, you can stay by her side and aid her. It’s fine if you don’t want to, you can rest at ease and keep your store open. No one will dare to....”

“I agree!” Xiao Lan grabbed the command token and spoke in a very serious tone, “I agree!”

How much could she earn in a month from the store? Moreover, once she joined the Sword Alliance, so long as she worked hard, then would she have to fear about lacking resources to cultivate? It could be said that it was a huge opportunity for her, so how could she let it slip by?

The man smiled and said, “Then please pack up your belongings and come to the Sword Alliance with me.”

“Alright! I’ll do it right away!” Xiao Lan quickly ran into the store.

...

The Sword Hall.

Yang Ye sat at the seat of the host while some important members of the Sword Alliance were seated ahead. The experts of the 3 cities and 3 sects were there as well.

The experts of the Sword Alliance heaved sighs of relief when they saw Yang Ye. Yang Ye was like the foundation of the Sword Alliance, and they could only rest at ease when he was there.

Yang Ye glanced at them and was about to speak. Suddenly, his expression changed, and he shot out of the hall and arrived in the sky. A fireball was descending like a shooting star from afar, and it shot towards Doomsday City.