Chapter 1336 – Charging Into The Emperor Realm!

Yang Ye’s eyes narrowed slightly in midair. He stretched out his right hand, clenched it tightly, and slammed it forward.

Bang!

The fireball was instantly blasted into pieces, and then a huge flaming ‘战’ character which represented war appeared in the sky above Doomsday City.

A declaration of war!

The demon race had declared war against the Sword Alliance!

Yang Ye’s face remained indifferent, and he slowly clenched his right hand which he’d placed behind his back. A long moment of silence later, he turned around and vanished on the spot.

...

In the Sword Hall.

At this moment, the atmosphere in the hall was much heavier. The demon race, it was a name that wasn’t unfamiliar to them anymore. Especially the 3 secta and 3 cities, their expressions were quite unsightly right now. After all, it was the demon race that had forced them to flee to Dark Hell Continent. They had a better understanding of the demon race’s strength than the Sword Alliance’s experts.

Yang Ye glanced at the experts of the 3 cities and 3 sects, “Do you have any thoughts?”

Lin Tian spoke solemnly, “Join forces against the demon race, of course.”

The others hurriedly nodded to display their agreement. They were all the experts that the human race still had. If they still refused to unite together, then the human race would really deserve extinction.

Yang Ye nodded, and then he gazed at Ye Liuyun, “Tell me about our current strength.”

She pondered deeply for a moment and replied, “If the 3 sects and 3 cities of the Veiled Region are included, we have a total of 12 Voiders, 3,321 Emperors, and countless at the Quasi Emperor and Saint Realms.”

Yang Ye glanced at them and said, “Let me tell you what the demon race’s strength is like. After the battle in the Veiled Region, the 3 sects and 3 cities suffered huge losses. So, regardless of whether it’s in terms of Voiders or Emperors, we have no advantage when compared to the demon race. Besides that, the Demon Empress and that young woman’s strength both far surpass all other Voiders. It can be said that besides me, no one else in our Sword Alliance can go against them, and even I can’t fight both of them at once. As for Emperors, the gap between our human Emperors and the Emperors of the demon race is extremely huge. Once they meet in direct combat, our Emperors have no chance to win!”

Once he spoke up to this point, Yang Ye stood up, remained silent for a short while, and then said, “The Sword Alliance is in a terrible situation right now.”

All of them fell silent, and the atmosphere here grew even more solemn.

Yang Ye glanced at them and smiled, “There’s no need to be so tense. So long as we stay united and work together, then the demon race won’t be that terrifying!”

It was true. Regardless of which stellar region it was, the united forces of the human race was extremely terrifying. However, the human race was the species with the least unity amongst all other species. The human race was fond of engaging in internal strife. It was like their nature, and it was the same in every world.

Meanwhile, Lin Qian said, “Young Brother Yang, don’t worry. We aren’t the Nie Clan. This battle will affect us and the entire human race, so we won’t play any tricks. From this moment onward, everyone from our 3 sects and 3 cities, including all of us here, will obey your orders. We’ll do as you say, and we absolutely won’t hesitate to carry out your orders!”

The others by Lin Qian’s side hurriedly nodded to display their agreement.

Yang Ye glanced at them. Actually, he was quite worried that these clans and sects had other intentions. But now it would seem like they were very well aware of the situation that they were in. They knew that if they were to play tricks, then they might really be annihilated.

It was exactly how it was. The human race was usually only able to become truly united when facing death!

Yang Ye didn’t waste his breath and gazed at Ye Liuyun, “From this moment onward, order all the members of the Sword Alliance to return. Besides that, shut the city gates from now on and prohibit anyone from leaving without authorization. Moreover, spread the news about the demon race’s attack. Don’t conceal anything and just describe the demon race’s strength as it is!”

Ye Liuyun spoke solemnly, “It’s very likely to cause mass panic in the city if we do that!”

“Panic?” Yang Ye shook his head slightly and said, “It’s time for the human race to panic.”

Ye Liuyun said, “If panic arises, then the city might fall into chaos!”

Yang Ye replied, “The city won’t fall into chaos while I’m here. As for how to spread the news, control it, and stir up the people in the city, I’ll leave that up to you. In any case, their fear has to be transformed into resolve, resolve to fight the demon race to the death.”

“Understood!” Ye Liuyun nodded. Panic would arise in the city if the strength of the demon race was made public, but just as Yang Ye had said, no chaos would arise while he was in the city. Moreover, if they deal with it well, then their fear would be transformed into resolve to fight the demon race.

Because the human race had no way out, and it could only fight or die!

Lin Qian asked, “How long will the demon race take to get here?”

Yang Ye replied, “It’ll probably be soon.” Actually, he was very well aware that the Demon Empress had intended to crush Dark Hell Continent as soon as possible, and it was obvious from how she’d pursued him. Unfortunately, she hadn’t been able to kill him and had been injured by Blind Maiden instead. She was definitely recuperating right now. Once she was done, it would be the moment that the demon race’s army attacked!

After having a discussion on how to deal with the demon race, Yang Ye allowed them to leave. Now, he had to cultivate.

Suddenly, 2 old men appeared within the hall. Yang Ye was slightly stunned when he saw them. Because it was Jian Xu and Jian Ji, and they were Voiders now.

Yang Ye smiled, “Congratulations!”

Jian Ji waved his hand and said, “We’ll just skip the expressions of gratitude. We came here to discuss something with you. You should have noticed that there’s a sword formation in the sky above the city, but it isn’t strong. As for the reason, there are 2. Firstly, there aren’t enough swords in it, and their quality is too low. Secondly, the sword intent in the formation isn’t strong enough.

Yang Ye asked, “What do you need from me?”

Jian Ji replied, “Swords. I need a huge number of swords. Besides that, I hope you’ll provide your sword intent when I’m setting up the formation later.”

Yang Ye waved his right hand and 10,000 Quasi Emperor Rank swords appeared before Jian Ji. These swords weren’t very useful to him, so it was best to set up a formation with them. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Jian Ji just took them right away, and then he said, “I need violet crystals as well. At least 200,000!”

As soon as he finished speaking, a spatial ring flew over to him. He glanced at it and noticed that there were exactly 200,000 in there. Jian Ji couldn’t help but glance at Yang Ye, “You’re really rich!”

Yang Ye smiled. He’d killed so many Voiders in the Veiled Region, so Snowy had created countless violet crystals. He hadn’t counted them, but he knew he had at least a million. Even after he gave 200,000 to Jian Ji, he still had over a million. So, he could really treat violet crystals like rocks now.

Jian Ji said, “Let’s go!”

As soon as he finished speaking, he shot out of the hall with Jian Xu, and then Yang Ye hurriedly followed them.

Yang Ye asked, “How strong will it be?”

“With these swords, your sword intent, and the Void Rank sword intent from those little fellows. It would be able to kill Voiders with ease.” As soon as Jian Ji finished speaking, he waved his right hand, and then the Quasi Emperor swords immediately transformed into rays of light that appeared in the sky above the city. After that, Jian Ji waved his hands, and the swords in the sky started to move in an orderly manner. Meanwhile, Jian Ji said, “Release your sword intent and envelop those swords.”

Yang Ye nodded and took a step forward. In an instant, Rebirth Rank sword intent appeared in the sky. In just an instant, the swords were enveloped by his sword intent.

As soon as the Rebirth Rank sword intent enveloped them, the swords seemed as if they’d come to life, and they shook violently while emanating resounding sword howls.

The swords swiftly lined up under Jian Ji’s control. Around 2 hours later, all the swords in the sky had formed a strange array. At this moment, Jian Ji wasn’t controlling the swords anymore. They were moving on their own instead. As for Yang Ye’s sword intent, it seemed like a spiderweb that enveloped them, causing them to seem like they were alive and frequently emanated sword howls!

Yang Ye gazed at the swords in the sky, and there was a slightly solemn expression in his eyes. Because his intuition told him that the formation was very strong.

Meanwhile, Jian Ji said, “If the demon race attacks, I’ll tell those little fellows in Blade to enter the sword formation and use their sword intent to control the formation. The sword formation will become slightly stronger while controlled by their sword intent. At that time, just the sword formation would be sufficient to defend Doomsday City and keep the demon race away. Of course, the precondition is that all of us can stop the experts of the demon race. Otherwise, someone like the Demon Empress you spoke off wouldn’t find the formation very difficult to destroy.”

Yang Ye nodded, “We have a little more hope with this formation. However, we can’t fully rely on it. Tell those fellows in Blade to be prepared for close quarter combat at all times.”

Jian Ji replied, “Of course!”

Yang Ye glanced at Jian Ji and Jian Xu, ‘Seniors, prepare yourselves as well. We might have a difficult battle awaiting us.”

As soon as he finished speaking, Yang Ye’s figure flashed back into the Sword Hall.

After that, he withdrew some violet crystals, sat down cross-legged, and started to absorb the energy within them like a madman.

He was charging into the Emperor Realm!

He was facing more and more experts, and the Quasi Emperor Realm wasn’t sufficient anymore! He had to attain the Emperor Realm!

Just like that, Yang Ye started cultivating like a madman. As for the matters of the Sword Alliance, he left them all to Ye Liuyun. Presently, improving his strength was the most important thing to him.

Time passed by slowly. In the blink of an eye, half a month had passed.

Roar!

At dawn one day, a furious howl suddenly resounded through Dark Hell Continent, and then countless howls of fury resounded incessantly.

Everyone knew that the demon race was coming!