Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1345 – Transcended The Five Elements!

Mo Xiaoleng glanced at Nie Wuming, glanced at Yang Ye, and then she glanced at Zi’er and Snowy who was on Zi’er’s shoulder. Her gaze lingered on Zi’er and Snowy for a long time. In the end, she took a deep breath and seemed to have decided on something. It didn’t take long for a fine dark red flame to appear on her palm, and then it slowly merged into space. Space trembled slightly but quickly returned to normal.

However, at a spot above the sky that no one could see, a dark red flame suddenly emerged from space and continued upwards. It didn’t take long for an expanse of greyish white energy to appear not too far away from the flame. The flame suddenly sped up when it arrived before the greyish white energy.

Swish!

The flame instantly passed through the greyish white energy, and then it shot up like a shooting star towards the depths of the starry sky. In just a moment, it had vanished into the depths of the starry sky.

Meanwhile, Nie Wuming’s gaze descended onto Yang Ye, “Yang Ye, you annihilated my entire Nie Clan. How can I not take revenge for that? I don’t know if you’ve experienced how it feels to lose your loved ones. If you haven’t, then don’t worry. You’ll experience it in a moment.” As soon as he finished speaking, he turned to look at Doomsday City, and then he raised his hand and slapped his palm down towards the city.

Bang!

A huge palm tore through space and slapped down towards the city.

The countenances of everyone throughout the city had instantly turned ghastly pale. Not to mention that huge palm, just the aura it emanated made them shudder!

Suddenly, Yang Ye transformed into a ray of light that slammed against the palm. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Bang!

The huge palm shattered, but Yang Ye was blasted almost 10km away. This time, his body had cracked apart while blood ceaselessly seeped out from the corner of his mouth.

Zi’er and the others’ expressions changed drastically when they witnessed this scene. Zi’er wanted to charge to Yang Ye, but Ye Liuyun stopped her. If Zi’er went to Yang Ye now, then she would only be a burden for him. As for Snowy, she clenched her claws tightly while anxiousness filled her eyes.

“Ant!” Nie Wuming shook his head, flipped his palm, and then slapped it down at Doomsday City again.

This time, it wasn’t a huge palm that appeared, it was 10 overlapped energy palms instead. The terrifying pressure they emanated caused countless experts throughout Doomsday City to be pressed flat on the ground while shuddering incessantly. Even Emperors were no exception.

Yang Ye’s pupils constricted while the Sword God’s Seal lit up on his forehead. His sword intent’s strength multiplied under the enhancing effects of the Sword God’s Seal. A moment later, he stomped his right foot down and transformed into a ray of light that shot forward. This time, his speed was swift to the extreme and even impossible to catch with the eye. Even the glow of his attack couldn’t be seen!

Bang!

The overlapped energy palm in the distance was struck by a ray of light, and it instantly shook violently before cracking apart. A moment later, Yang Ye’s voice resounded, “Break!”

As soon as he finished speaking, a ray of light suddenly lit up in front of the huge palm, and then the ray of light pierced through it.

Bang!

The overlapped energy palm shattered into bits, and it transformed into fragments of energy that rained down from the sky.

The experts throughout Doomsday City heaved sighs of relief when they witnessed this scene, but their expressions changed when they saw Yang Ye.

At this moment, Yang Ye had been blasted 3km away by the impact of the collision. His clothes had vanished, and his body was densely covered in cracks that seemed like spiderwebs stretching throughout his body. Besides that, blood was seeping out incessantly from the cracks, and it was quite terrifying.

Snowy was stunned when she saw Yang Ye in such a state, and then she instantly started crying. She wanted to fly to Yang Ye, but Zi’er held tightly to her. Even though Zi’er wanted to charge to Yang Ye as well, she was very well aware that not only would Snowy and her be of no help to Yang Ye, they would be burdens instead.

Mo Xiaoleng watched coldly as all of this happened, but she didn’t do anything and just watched.

Nie Wuming’s gaze descended onto Yang Ye for a short while before he said, “Yang Ye, while you annihilated my Nie Clan and almost spoiled my plans, I have to admit that you really are an extraordinary genius. The most monstrous genius on the continent after Jian Wuji. If you were given a little more time, even I wouldn’t be a match for you. Unfortunately, you don’t have more time!”

As soon as he finished speaking, Nie Wuming stretched his right hand forward and clenched it into a fist. A moment later, he slammed that fist forward.

Bang!

An energy fist flashed out from Nie Wuming’s fist. It was quite strange. It was very calm, extremely calm. Everywhere it passed, there was no movement in space, and it didn’t even emanate any aura.

Yang Ye’s eyes narrowed slightly at the sight of this. The profound energy within him surged before he sheathed Heaven’s Gravestone and immediately drew it.

Om!

A sword howl resounded, and then a beam of blood red sword energy shot into the sky. Everyone watched as the blood red sword energy collided with the energy fist.

However, everyone including Yang Ye was stunned by what happened next. Because the energy fist just passed through Yang Ye’s sword energy, and at the exact moment it passed through the sword energy, Yang Ye’s sword energy had vanished without making a sound.

Meanwhile, the energy fist didn’t slow down at all and instantly arrived before Yang Ye.

Yang Ye’s pupils constricted. He didn’t have the time to think about anything else, and he just immediately issued a command in his heart and the Phantom Shield appeared before him.

However, the energy fist just passed through the Phantom Shield and slammed against Yang Ye’s chest.

Bang!

An explosion resounded before Yang Ye was blasted flying.

“No!” Zi’er couldn’t restrain herself any longer, and she immediately shot over to Yang Ye while holding Snowy in her arms. She attempted to stop his flying figure, but the energy from the fist hadn’t vanished, and it pushed both her and Yang Ye around 1km back before they were finally able to stop themselves.

Pu!

Yang Ye’s figure had just stopped when a mouthful of blood sprayed from his mouth. He looked down at his chest. At this moment, there was a fist imprint on his chest. It wasn’t just his chest, there was one on his back as well. At this moment, the injuries he sustained weren’t just limited to his outer body, and even his internal organs had been cracked open!

“It’s the strength of a Semi-Deity!” Suddenly, Mo Xiaoleng explained, “Semi-Deities completely transcend the world, space, and the five elements. They can make their attacks disregard space, the five elements.... The reason your sword energy couldn’t stop his attack was because your sword energy is still within this world, space, and the five elements. It’s a qualitative gap. Unless your strength is strong to the point of transcending the limits of space, the five elements, and the world. Otherwise, it’s just as he has said, you’re an ant before him!”

“A Semi-Deity!” Yang Ye’s eyes narrowed slightly, “So the realm above the Voider Realm is the Semi-Deity Realm?”

Nie Wuming who was about to attack had suddenly gazed at Mo Xiaoleng, and he said, “Little Girl, I have to say that I’m really curious about your background. I’ve investigated you. Just like Yang Ye, your background is a mystery. I’m really curious about it, and I’m curious about Yang Ye’s background as well!”

“You’re curious about my background?” Mo Xiaoleng had a cold smile on the corners of her mouth, “It’s fine, you’ll find out soon.”

“Is that so?” Nie Wuming took a deep and long glance at her, and then he said, “Then I’ll deal with you later.”

As he spoke, he turned to look at Yang Ye, “Yang Ye, you killed over a dozen Voiders and over a thousand Emperors of my Nie Clan. It isn’t exaggerated to say that you’ve annihilated my Nie Clan. I like to take an eye for an eye. So, I’ll make you watch as I kill everyone related to you, and I’ll make you experience what it’s like to lose your loved ones.”

He was about to attack while he spoke, but he suddenly seemed to have thought of something, and he frowned, “I almost forgot that you still have the Sword God’s Seal which can improve your sword intent. Come, let me see how strong it is.”

Yang Ye glanced at Nie Wuming, and then he turned to look at Zi’er and Snowy. Zi’er shook her head. When Snowy saw Zi’er shaking her head, Snowy hurriedly shook her own head as well.

Yang Ye understood what Zi’er meant when she shook her head. She meant that she wouldn’t leave. As for Snowy.... He’d just treated it as meaning the same thing as Zi’er.

Yang Ye didn’t say anything. Because he was very well aware that it was impossible to change Zi’er’s mind, no matter what he said. Just as Zi’er had said in the past, she would absolutely not allow him to face danger on his own.

Yang Ye hugged Zi’er and Snowy, and then he turned around to gaze at Nie Wuming, “You want to kill everyone related to me?”

“Yes!” Nie Wuming chuckled, and then he pointed at Zi’er and Snowy who stood behind Yang Ye, “Especially the 2 of them. You seem to really care about them. I believe that your expression would definitely be very interesting if they were to die before your eyes. I can’t wait to see how you’d look.”

Yang Ye gazed at Nie Wuming for a short while before he chuckled, but his smile was quite ferocious. This time, he didn’t waste his breath. It didn’t take long for the Sword God’s Seal to light up on his forehead. At the same time, the aura of the sword intent around him started to rise madly.

At this moment, he had no other choice. He could only choose to forcefully improve his sword intent. Because only by improving his sword intent to the Quasi Returnal rank would it be possible for him to fight Nie Wuming!

Right when he was about to activate the Sword God’s Seal and fully increase his sword intent to the Quasi Returnal rank, a ray of light flashed. A figure appeared before Yang Ye, and then a palm pressed down on his forehead.

As soon as that palm pressed down on the Sword God’s Seal, it instantly fell silent. In next to no time, the Sword God’s Seal vanished.

Yang Ye’s face was covered in shock, “You....”