Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1385 – All Of You Are Full Of Shit!

Yang Ye and the pig-riding young woman’s faces fell. They weren’t the only ones because even Lian Suyao, Hua Tianyuan, and the others’ expressions had become quite unsightly. Someone was here, and that meant that more would be competing with them for the permit. But it wasn’t a bad thing as well. If they thought of it from another perspective, wouldn’t that be equivalent to having more help?

Everyone watched as 3 men came from afar. Yang Ye was surprised because they actually looked alike. Regardless of their expressions, gazes, or the aura they emanated. Even every minute movement they made was completely alike. They were like the same person.

“Mu Sanyuan!” Lian Suyao, Hua Tianyuan, and the others’ expressions changed when they saw the 3 men.

Yang Ye noticed that all of them had revealed vigilance and fear in their eyes.

Who are they?

Yang Ye gazed at the pig-riding young woman. However, she glanced at him and spoke indifferently, “I’ve never heard of him!”

Yang Ye felt speechless.

“How ignorant!” Meanwhile, Lian Suyao ridiculed, “The hall masters of your Nether Pavilion are not bad indeed, but isn’t your knowledge a little lacking? Allow me to give you a supplementary class today. They are triplets. All of them are called Mu Sanyuan, and they were born as one. Not their bodies, but their minds. If one thinks of something, the other 2 will think the same. So, their cultivation yields twice the results with half the effort, and it’s like 3 people overlapping together when they fight others. You know... their souls can be exchanged with each other, and it doesn’t affect them at all!”

Freaks! It was the first word that popped into Yang Ye’s mind. After all, not only were their minds connected, even their souls could be exchanged. So, weren’t they freaks? Needless to say, it was quite terrifying. Because it represented that when one fought them, the cooperation between the 3 of them would arrive at an extremely terrifying height.

Meanwhile, Lian Suyao said, “You know... they killed the 10th on the Dragon Rankings in the past! However, because they do everything together, they can’t be ranked on the Dragon Rankings. However, everyone in the lower dimensions knows them!”

Lian Suyao glanced coldly at the pig-riding young woman and said, “Just cultivating doesn’t work. You should go out into the world and have a look. You will notice that this world is much larger than you’ve imagined, and you’ll realize that there’s nothing great about you!”

Yang Ye had quite an odd expression on his face. There was nothing wrong with what Lian Suyao had said, nothing at all. Because he’d always felt the same way. However, everything was wrong with it when it was directed at the pig-riding young woman. Where was the Nether Pavilion from? It was from the large world. So, the pig-riding young woman’s experience and knowledge definitely surpassed Lian Suyao.

The pig-riding young woman glanced at Lian Suyao, glanced at Hua Tianyuan’s group, and then said, “If I’m to be honest, everyone here is trash!”

Yang Ye’s face instantly darkened. After all, didn’t she just insult him as well?

Suddenly, the pig-riding young woman glanced at him and said, “You’re an exception. I’m not being nice. You’re not bad even if it’s in the large world. Of course, you’re not really good either. In short, you barely pass.”

Yang Ye’s face grew even darker, “Are you insulting me or praising me?”

She replied indifferently, “I’m just speaking the truth!”

Yang Ye was at a loss for words.

Lian Suyao and the others instantly revealed gloomy expressions on their faces.

Arrogant!

The pig-riding young woman was too arrogant!

Actually, even Yang Ye felt that she was quite arrogant. Perhaps the people here weren’t peerless geniuses, but they were absolutely not trash. However, he knew that she was from the large world, so she’d definitely seem numerous geniuses. If the peerless geniuses of the large world were compared to them, then they would really just be ordinary.

Simply speaking, their knowledge and hers weren’t on the same level.

Besides that, all of them had overlooked something, and it was her cultivation. She was just a Quasi Emperor now. If she attained the Voider Realm and was at the same realm of cultivation as them, then all of them would....

“We’re all trash?” Meanwhile, Mu Sanyuan spoke coldly. It was the figure at the center of the group that spoke. Because their minds were linked and were all called Mu Sanyuan, everyone considered them to be a single person.

The pig-riding young woman paid no attention to Mu Sanyuan. She gazed at Yang Ye and pointed at Hua Tianyuan’s group, “Help me watch them. If any one of them dares to attack, then draw your sword and swing it at that fellow. Leave the rest to me.”

As soon as she finished speaking, the pig-riding young woman flipped her palm and put the spiked club away. After that, she patted the pig lightly. The latter glanced at her, nodded, and then transformed into a white ray of light that vanished down below. Once it left, she twisted her right hand, and a saber appeared in her grasp.

The saber was extremely huge. Just its body was around 2m long, so it was around the height of an adult. As for its width, it was almost 1m. So, it seemed like a small door. The saber was completely pitch black and had no blade.

The pig-riding young woman withdrew a black cloth while the others watched, and then she bit on one end of the cloth while using her left hand to wrap it around her right hand and the saber’s handle. In next to no time, her right hand was tied tightly to her saber’s handle.

Meanwhile, the pig-riding young woman started walking towards Lian Suyao while holding that door-sized saber. Everyone noticed to their astonishment that space was being sliced open by her saber. Moreover, the space around her was trembling as if some sort of force was pressing down upon it. It was extremely shocking!

Lian Suyao and the others had extremely solemn expressions on their faces when they witnessed this scene.

It wasn’t just Lian Suyao, everyone else had solemn expressions on their faces. Even Yang Ye. After all, she felt extremely dangerous after she changed to her saber!

“I haven’t used my saber for many years!” As soon as she finished speaking, she stopped and turned to look at Yang Ye, “Do you know why?”

Yang Ye remained silent.

A slight smile curled up on the corners of her mouth. It was quite savage. She said, “Because I won’t be able to control myself!”

As soon as she finished speaking, she stomped her right foot down. The space beneath her trembled violently while she transformed into a ray of light that shot at Lian Suyao.

It was swift!

Extremely swift!

Even Yang Ye was only able to see a blurry trace of her. Most importantly, her saber intent was actually at the peak of the Rebirth Rank!

She’d been concealing her strength!

Lian Suyao’s pupils constricted when she witnessed the pig-riding young woman’s speed. She was shocked but didn’t panic. Because she was prepared.

Lian Suyao stretched her hands forward, twisted them, and shouted, “Shatter!” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Bang!

A terrifying force appeared here, and then space shattered. However, it only took a moment for the Laws of the Heaven Dao to repair the shattered space.

Meanwhile, everyone’s expressions changed when they saw the scene before them.

At this moment, Lian Suyao was over 6km away. Her countenance was pale while a wisp of blood could be seen on the corner of her mouth. The most striking part was that her right arm was gone.

Everyone gazed at the pig-riding woman with astonishment. She’s actually so strong!Meanwhile, the pig-riding young woman pointed at her head while quite a savage expression could be seen on her face, “You want to exchange our heads for permits? I think all of you’ve been eating too much shit!”

As soon as she finished speaking, she shot forward like a bolt of lightning in Lian Suyao’s direction.

Lian Suyao’s eyelids twitched, and then she gazed at Mu Sanyuan, “No one will be able to kill her if we don’t join forces.”

As soon as she finished speaking, a wisp of ferocity flashed through her eyes. She tapped her right foot down and shot forward like a bolt of lightning.

Mu Sanyuan hesitated for an instant, and then all 3 of them charged at the pig-riding young woman. They’d realized that she was no ordinary person, and they would really be unable to kill her if they didn’t join forces with Lian Suyao. Moreover, they might even be killed instead.

Even though the 3 of them had joined the battle, the pig-riding young woman seemed like she was pumped full of steroids. She grew more and more insane and fierce as the battle went on. Every single swing of her saber seemed capable of shattering the world, and it was extremely shocking. So, Mu Sanyuan and Lian Suyao were actually completely suppressed in the battle.

Hua Tianyuan and the others had extremely solemn expressions on their faces when they witnessed this scene. The strengths of the hall masters from Nether Pavilion had truly gone far beyond their expectations. They’d thought that their joint forces would be sufficient to deal with a hall master with ease. However, the scene before them clearly told them that it was wishful thinking.

They wanted to go help, but Yang Ye had never removed his lock on them.

Compared to the pig-riding young woman, they feared Yang Ye even more. Because that sword technique of Yang Ye’s was truly too terrifying.

Yang Ye could draw his sword, but only once. In other words, only one of them would die at the very most. However, was anyone willing to sacrifice themselves for the others? No one was.

Hua Tianyuan was very well aware of that. So, he didn’t dare to make them attack or stop Yang Ye. If he did that, this small group he assembled temporarily would split up in an instant. Of course, the exception would be that he went to resist Yang Ye’s attack. But would he?

If he had the confidence to do so, he would definitely do it. But the problem was that he wasn’t confident at all.

Just like that, Yang Ye and Hua Tianyuan’s group were in a stalemate.

As far as Yang Ye was concerned, he just had to keep them busy. Because Mu Sanyuan and Lian Suyao were completely suppressed. The pig-riding young woman’s victory was only a matter of time.

Around 15 minutes later.

Bang!

A loud explosion resounded from below, and then the space in an area of over 20,000km cracked apart.

Everyone here was shocked!

Bang!

Meanwhile, a white shadow charged up from below.

“Stop it! Hurry!” Boundary Maiden’s voice sounded anxious and was trembling.

The pig-riding young woman appeared by Yang Ye’s side and said, “Go down there! Hurry!”

When he saw the anxiety that covered her face, Yang Ye didn’t waste his breath and immediately charged at the white shadow.

A wisp of ferocity curled up on the corners of Lian Suyao’s mouth when she saw that only the pig-riding young woman was left here, “Seize this opportunity to kill her!”

1 against 9!

Right when Lian Suyao and the others were about to attack, Yang Ye’s alarmed voice resounded from below, “What the fuck is that?!”

After that, a ray of light flashed and Yang Ye appeared before the pig-riding young woman. His countenance was slightly pale as he gazed at her, “You go stop it. I’ll deal with the 9 of them.”