Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1387 – Fight Your Way In!

The face was extremely swift and only took an instant to arrive high above in the sky. Right when it was about to vanish from their fields of vision, a sword howl suddenly resounded there.

Bang!

A loud explosion resounded, and then countless rays of sword energy surged towards the face.

It was naturally Yang Ye. Yang Ye had reacted the moment that mysterious person had appeared, but he hadn’t chosen to attack the mysterious person because he knew that the face was extremely important to Nether Maiden and the others. So, he’d immediately chased after the face once it broke through the seal.

Nether Maiden and the others heaved sighs of relief when they witnessed this scene.

“Tenth Sister, you stop that fellow. Everyone else come with me!” As soon as she finished speaking, Boundary Maiden immediately charged up into the air with Ice Maiden, Light Maiden, and Oblivion Maiden. In an instant, they’d arrived high above in the sky. Meanwhile, Yang Ye had been blasted almost 10km away.

Boundary Maiden and the others were shocked and hurriedly acted. Light maiden and Oblivion Maiden immediately shot over and appeared before the face, and then 2 terrifying waves of energy erupted from within them, causing the face to be blasted backwards repeatedly.

“Ice!”

“Seal!”

As soon as Ice Maiden and Boundary Maiden’s voices resounded, the face was instantly sealed in ice again before a boundary covered the ice. It didn’t take long for their joint forces to suppress the face once more.

“Let’s go!” Boundary Maiden gave the order, and they slowly descended with the face. During this process, Ice Maiden and Boundary Maiden were ceaselessly sealing the face.

Yang Ye didn’t follow them down. He glanced towards the other side. At this moment, Nether Maiden was in battle with that person who’d suddenly appeared earlier. It was a black robed figure that was completely enveloped by the black robe, so it was impossible to discern the person’s gender. However, that black robed figure’s strength was extraordinary to the point of fighting Nether Maiden equally!

Yang Ye was about to lend her a hand when he seemed to have thought of something, and he looked off into the distance instead. He was shocked when he witnessed the scene there. Even though the pig-riding young woman was covered in many injuries after being besieged by Lian Suyao’s group, she actually showed no signs of losing!

Moreover, Hua Tianyuan and the others were actually injured. Especially the petite woman who rode the wolf. At this moment, the wolf was gone, and just like Lian Suyao, she’d lost an arm. As for Su Daoming who used a saber just like the pig-riding young woman, he was in an even more miserable state. A third of his head had been chopped off, and both his arms had vanished.

Su Daoming had lost the ability to fight!

As for the others, they’d suffered a varying degree of injuries!

It was terrifying!

The pig-riding young woman’s strength was absolutely terrifying!

That was what Yang Ye felt right now. Because he noticed that no one there dared to go head-on against the pig-riding young woman’s saber!

Her saber moved unhindered! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

She hadn’t executed any techniques and was just using simple movements like chopping and sweeping.... However, every single attack was extremely terrifying. It could be said that so long as they went head-on against it, they would definitely suffer injuries even if they could avoid death!

Brute force alone can counter everything!

Regardless of what technique or move she was up against, all she needed was a single swing of her saber!

Yang Ye remained silent for a moment, and then he shot towards the pig-riding young woman. Even though she seemed quite invincible, he could discern that she was really exhausted, just like him. It could be said that she was over-exhausting her energy, and if she continued on like this, the backlash she suffered would be extremely serious.

So, he had to act!

Yang Ye didn’t charge into the battle. He changed Heaven’s Gravestone into the Sword Precursor and sheathed it within the ancient sheath. At the instant his sword was sheathed in the ancient sheath....

Om!

A sharp sword howl resounded, and then the space in an area of over 20,000km trembled violently like an earthquake was going through it.

Lian Suyao and the others who were in battle with the pig-riding young woman glanced in Yang Ye’s direction. Their expressions instantly changed when they saw Yang Ye walking towards them with a sword in hand, and then they moved around 3km back and left the battlefield. This caused the 3 Mu Sanyuans to be stunned. They had obviously not expected that Lian Suyao and the others would retreat abruptly!

Because of their retreat, the pressure on the pig-riding young woman had suddenly lightened. She had no further worries, so she immediately swung her saber at the 3 Mu Sanyuans.

All 3 Mu Sanyuans’ expressions changed drastically at the sight of this, and they didn’t hesitate to turn around and retreat. What a joke! All 9 of them hadn’t been able to defeat the woman before them, yet now, only 3 of them remained. So, how could they resist this woman who seemed to have gone mad?

However, she seemed to have no intention to stop, and she was about to charge at Mu Sanyuan. But Yang Ye appeared before her and obstructed her path. Yang Ye was about to speak when she raised her hand and swung her saber at him.

The corners of Yang Ye’s mouth twitched. She really has fought to the point of madness.

Yang Ye didn’t dare act carelessly, yet he didn’t attack as well. A ray of light flashed when the saber was a few dozen centimeters away from him, and then his sword stabbed against a point on her saber. The saber shook violently, and then both of them moved around 30m back at the same time!

He’d located its weak point!

Her physical strength was greater than Yang Ye, but the gap wasn’t that huge. So, she couldn’t use her strength to overwhelm and crush him!

If any other sword cultivator was in his place, then even if that sword cultivator possessed the Enlightened Sword Heart, it would be impossible for that sword cultivator to stop her saber. Unless that sword cultivator possessed a physical body at the Epoch Realm like Yang Ye!

The pig-riding young woman instantly returned to her senses once Yang Ye pushed her back, and she glared angrily at him and said, “What are you doing?”

Yang Ye walked towards here. At this moment, her face was covered in blood. Besides her eyes, her entire face was covered in blood. It wasn’t just her face, even her hair and body were scarlet red. It was a mix of her own blood and the blood of her enemies.

He had been angry that she’d just attacked him like that, but after he saw the state that she was in, he wasn’t able to say anything about it.

Yang Ye just spoke softly, “Quickly recuperate. Leave the rest to me.”

She blinked, “Are you sure?”

Yang Ye nodded. She didn’t possess the heaven defying effects of the Primordial Pagoda. So, once her physical strength was exhausted beyond its limits, it would take her 10 days or around half a month to recover. Actually, it might even take longer. Moreover, it might even cause side effects. So, she had to recuperate right now.

She glanced at him and didn’t speak a word. She just sat down cross-legged on the spot, and then she withdrew numerous divine crystals and started absorbing them.

Yang Ye didn’t waste his breath, and he just turned around and gazed at Hua Tianyuan and the others. At this moment, all their clothes were bloodied, and they seemed to be in quite an embarrassing state. However, there was a ferocious glow in their eyes. Obviously, the battle had caused their fury to burn. Yang Ye remained silent for an instant before he started walking towards them while holding the ancient sheath in his grasp.

Their expressions instantly changed at the sight of this. Even though the pig-riding young woman was very terrifying, they were very well aware that if they worked well together, then it would be difficult for her to kill them. But Yang Ye wasn’t the same, that technique of his killed anyone it was aimed at!

Actually, if someone forced Yang Ye to swing his sword, then the others would definitely swarm him. But who would do that? No one would. They would absolutely not sacrifice themselves to allow others to benefit!

Meanwhile, Yang Ye stopped, glanced at them, and said, “Allow me to speak a little. All of you are geniuses. If you want to enter the large world, you can rely on your strength to get in there. Why do you need them to give alms to you?”

Hua Tianyuan spoke in a low voice, “No one can enter the large world without a permit!”

“All of you refuse to go up there just because they don’t allow it?” Yang Ye’s voice suddenly grew louder. He gazed at Hua Tianyuan and said, “Since they don’t allow it, then don’t all of you know how to fight them? In any case, if I am to head up there and they refuse to let me, then I’ll beat them up until they beg me to enter.”

“Do you know what the large world is like?” Hua Tianyuan spoke in a low voice, “Fight your way in? That’s simply laughable to the extreme. Once you realize how terrifying they are, you’ll....”

“You’re the laughable one!” Yang Ye suddenly interrupted Hua Tianyuan, “To think you were once the number one expert on the Radiant Dimension’s Martial Rankings. But is this all you’re capable of? The large world wasn’t created by them, so on what basis are they occupying it and stopping others from entering?”

Lian Suyao spoke coldly, “Because they are strong!”

“Then work hard on becoming stronger!” Yang Ye gazed at Lian Suyao and said, “When you become stronger than them, would they dare to stop you? But all of you aren’t thinking in that way; all of you are thinking about that permit! The permit system they created is like giving handouts to you. Understand?”

Mu Sanyuan spoke coldly, “You just want us to leave, right?”

Yang Ye nodded and said, “That’s what I want indeed. Of course, it’s fine if you refuse. We can just decide things with our strength!”

“What high sounding sentiments!” Suddenly, a voice resounded from afar, and then a man in a luxurious robe strode through the air towards them.

“Jin Xiu!” Mu Sanyuan had a solemn expression on their faces when they saw the man.

Lian Suyao, Hua Tianyuan, and the others’ faces turned solemn as well when they heard those 2 words.

Jin Xiu, the 9th on the Dragon Rankings!

Another monstrous genius!

Jin Xiu’s gaze descended onto Yang Ye, and he said, “If I’m not wrong, you’re Yang Ye, right?”

Yang Ye nodded, “I am!”

“Hahaha!” Jin Xiu suddenly roared with laughter, and he laughed for a while before he said, “10 permits! Yang Ye, your head is worth 10 permits!”

10? Lian Suyao and the others instantly frowned. Lian Suyao asked, “Isn’t it 5?”

Jin Xiu chuckled, “All of you haven’t heard? The price on his head has risen to 10 permits!”

Lian Suyao and the others instantly gazed at Yang Ye with hostile gazes that carried a trace of fervor.

The atmosphere here suddenly fell silent.

Lian Suyao and Hua Tianyuan exchanged glances, and then they vanished on the spot and shot towards Yang Ye.

“You think you can fight me for it? How laughable!” Jin Xiu laughed coldly when he saw them charge at Yang Ye, and then he shot towards Yang Ye. His speed was extremely swift and was much faster than Lian Suyao and Hua Tianyuan. So, it only took an instant for him to pass them.

Jin Xiu’s eyes were filled with excitement as he gazed at Yang Ye. However, he hadn’t noticed that both Lian Suyao and Hua Tianyuan had suddenly stopped once he passed them, and then they started retreating as fast as they could.