Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1388 – The First To Move Shall Die!

A trap!

Their attack on Yang Ye was actually a trap for Jin Xiu. Yang Ye’s head was even more valuable, so they were naturally much more tempted. However, their minds were very clear.

Who wouldn’t want 10 permits? Who could refuse them?

However, one had to be alive to enjoy them!

No one could resist Yang Ye’s attack, so the first to move would die. However, if Yang Ye swung his sword, then they would have nothing left to worry about. So, they’d formed a tacit understanding when they exchanged glances earlier, and it was to trick Jin Xiu.

They’d succeeded.

Jin Xiu was so afraid that Yang Ye’s head would be taken from him that he’d attacked decisively.

Jin Xiu was charging swiftly in Yang Ye’s direction while Lian Suyao, Hua Tianyuan, and the others were retreating swiftly. Moreover, they were even hurriedly creating barriers of profound energy and withdrawing all sorts of defensive treasures.

The Mu Sanyuans were very puzzled because they’d never witnessed the strength of Yang Ye’s sword technique. So, they hadn’t taken any precautions, and they hadn’t even retreated. They just gazed at Yang Ye with a trace of bewilderment in their eyes.

Yang Ye’s eyes narrowed slightly when he saw Jin Xiu charge over, and he held his sword’s hilt with his right hand. It didn’t take long for Jin Xiu to arrive around 20m before him.

Yang Ye didn’t hesitate to draw his sword and swing it.

Om!

A sword howl resounded as a beam of sword energy shot out from the ancient sheath. The space in an area of almost 30,000km cracked apart in an instant before collapsing.

At this moment, the world dimmed down for everyone here, and it seemed like the sky had collapsed.

It didn’t take long for space to return to normal.

Surprisingly, Jin Xiu was still there. At this moment, he was around 5m away from Yang Ye. His hand had just been raised, and it was flickering with dazzling gold light. Obviously, he’d wanted to attack, yet he’d stopped. Everyone noticed that Jin Xiu’s countenance was ghastly pale while fear filled his eyes. Not, it should be described as terror. Moreover, beads of sweat were flowing from his forehead and face.

If one looked even more carefully, one would notice that Jin Xiu’s body was trembling.

He withstood Yang Ye’s attack?

Such a thought had appeared in everyone’s minds. Because Jin Xiu was still alive, and he was completely fine.

A moment of silence ensued before a horrified voice resounded, “Hua Tianyuan is gone!”

Lian Suyao and the others hurriedly gazed towards the spot Hua Tianyuan had been standing on. At this moment, it was completely empty. Lian Suyao seemed to have thought of something, and her countenance suddenly turned pale. It wasn’t just her who had such a reaction, Su Daoming and the others were the same. As for the 3 Mu Sanyuans.... Actually, they were in quite a miserable state. Because they hadn’t taken any precautions. So, they’d been slammed around 10km away by the aftershock.

Even though the injuries they suffered weren’t very severe, they weren’t light as well. The aftershock had caused them to bleed from all 7 apertures!

At this moment, their eyes were filled with fear as they gazed at Yang Ye.

Jin Xiu was still alive, but Hua Tianyuan was gone. Why? Because Yang Ye hadn’t swung his sword at Jin Xiu, and he’d swung it at Hua Tianyuan!

Jin Xiu’s body was still trembling slightly before Yang Ye. No one could understand how he felt earlier. At the moment Yang Ye drew his sword, Jin Xiu knew that he’d underestimated his opponent. But at that time, he had no way out, and he could only fight desperately. As for when Yang Ye’s sword energy shot forward, there was only a single thought in his mind.

It was that he was finished!

That attack wasn’t something he could resist. He wasn’t looking down upon himself, but it was the truth. However, right when he thought that he was about to die, the sword energy didn’t shoot towards him, and it shot a few dozen kilometers to his side. After that, nothing happened to him.

He’d brushed against death’s door!

He really had. Because he would definitely die if that attack was launched at him.

Suddenly, Yang Ye sheathed his sword again. The hairs throughout Jin Xiu’s body stood on end when he witnessed this scene, and then he immediately shot around 10km back.

Lian Suyao and the others had instantly appeared around 10km back as well, and they had extremely vigilant expressions on their faces.

Yang Ye was stunned, and then he said, “What are all of you doing? Don’t be afraid, I can’t draw my sword again. That exhausted all my profound energy. Seriously, I’m not deceiving all of you.”

Don’t be afraid?

Who wouldn’t be afraid?!

All of them had witnessed the strength of that attack. Not to mention them, even Deities may not guarantee they could resist that attack. As for profound energy.... It would be different if Yang Ye hadn’t said that, but now that he had, they felt that Yang Ye might be able to draw his sword again.

In short, regardless of whether he could draw his sword or not, they didn’t dare to attack him. Because if he still could, then wouldn’t they be giving their lives away?

Yang Ye’s gaze descended onto Jin Xiu, and he said, “See? They intended to make you die for them.”

Jin Xiu’s face fell, and then he turned to glance at Lian Suyao’s group. His gaze was icy cold, and the intent to kill flickered within them. Actually, he knew that even if Yang Ye didn’t say anything. Lian Suyao and Hua Tianyuan had attacked first to make him attack and block Yang Ye’s attack for them. Simply speaking, they wanted him to die for them!

No matter who was used, they would definitely feel displeased. Not to mention that he’d almost lost his life!

A smile curled up on the corners of Yang Ye’s mouth when he noticed the expression on Jin Xiu’s face. This was the reason why he’d killed Hua Tianyuan instead of Jin Xiu. All of them would choose to temporarily join forces in order to kill him, the pig-riding young woman, and the others to gain their heads. But once they joined forces, they would be a huge threat to him and the pig-riding young woman. Especially after Jin Xiu arrived here.

So, he’d decided to spare Jin Xiu. Because Jin Xiu would definitely feel resentment towards Lian Suyao and the others who’d tried to use him. In that way, they would definitely be unable to join forces. After all, even if Jin Xiu said yes now, Lian Suyao and the others would definitely not trust him.

So long as they didn’t join forces, they would be vigilant against each other and fear each other. That was naturally a good thing for him and the pig-riding young woman.

Jin Xiu and Lian Suyao’s group didn’t attack, so Yang Ye wouldn’t attack, of course. Actually, he hadn’t lied. He really didn’t have profound energy left in his body. Of course, there was still a little bit in him, less than 10% of the usual volume of profound energy that he possessed. Because while he hadn’t recovered completely when he was recuperating earlier, he’d recovered by almost 60%.

He had some profound energy, but his body was over-exhausted once more. So, not to mention drawing the Sword Precursor, he didn’t even have the strength to draw Heaven’s Gravestone!

Actually, it was very normal. The true form of Heavenrend was so powerful, so it would be too heaven defying if it only exhausted a little profound energy. Moreover, that wouldn’t be realistic at all. It wasn’t like that for Heavenrend alone. All powerful techniques had extremely high requirements when it came to profound energy.

Lian Suyao and Jin Xiu didn’t attack, so Yang Ye didn’t attack as well, and they were in a stalemate once more.

However, the atmosphere here was quite tense. Because it was like a volcano that was about to erupt.

Lian Suyao, Jin Xiu, and the others hadn’t chosen to leave. That represented that they still wanted to take Yang Ye and the pig-riding woman’s head. So, they would attack again, and it was only a matter of time.

Yang Ye paid no attention to them, and he just gazed at Nether Maiden who wasn’t too far away below them. At this moment, she was in battle with the black robed figure, and they were deadlocked in combat. Moreover, it was extremely intense. Yang Ye was shocked by the black robed figure’s strength. He knew Nether Maiden’s strength very well, and it could be said that if she really fought with her life on the line, then she would definitely not be weaker than the pig-riding young woman.

However, the black robed figure was actually equally matched with her.

Where did this genius come from?

Suddenly, Lian Suyao stepped forward. She gazed at Jin Xiu, and then pointed at Yang Ye and the pig-riding young woman behind Yang Ye. She said, “Both of them have suffered very heavy injuries. If we join forces, we’ll definitely be able to kill them. If we don’t join forces, then we’ll have no choice but to flee for our lives once they recover.”

Jin Xiu glanced at Yang Ye and the pig-riding young woman, and he remained silent.

Lian Suyao added, “We can deal with the enmity between us later. However, I’m sure you’ve realized how strong they are. If we don’t deal with them as soon as possible, none of us will be able to kill them soon. Conversely, we might get killed by them.”

Jin Xiu was about to speak when Yang Ye suddenly spoke ferociously, “Come on! Scheme against each other!”

As he spoke, Yang Ye clenched the hilt of his sword tightly and started walking towards them, “My head is right here. Come and take it if you dare. Both of us really are heavily injured right now, but we can still take all of you down with us before we die.”

Yang Ye’s footsteps grew quicker and quicker. Even though he didn’t emanate his sword intent or aura, there was a strand of invisible pressure that pressed down upon Lian Suyao and the others.

Lian Suyao and the others’ expressions changed when they noticed that Yang Ye seemed to be about to go berserk. They were naturally afraid of that. Because if Yang Ye drew his sword again, then perhaps one of them would die.

Should we attack or not?

All of them had quite the dilemma at this moment.

If they didn’t attack, it represented that they would be giving up on the permit. Yang Ye was right before them, and he was even heavily injured. So, how could they be willing to give up on obtaining the permits?

However, if they didn’t give up, then it meant they should be prepared to be instantly killed at any moment!

It was a dilemma!

Lian Suyao and the others were hesitant, but Yang Ye was walking faster and faster. He seemed like he wanted to force them to attack. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

At this moment, Yang Ye was emanating a faint blood red glow, and his eyes and hair had turned blood red. He seemed quite terrifying, and a little insane.

Suddenly, a voice that carried a trace of age came from outer space, “I’ll do it myself.”

As soon as the voice finished resounded, a red palm flashed out from the starry sky and slammed down towards the Radiant Dimension.

This palm didn’t just target Yang Ye and the pig-riding young woman, it had targeted the entire Radiant Dimension!

If it were to strike down, then the Radiant Dimension would be shattered!

Most importantly, it was a Deity who’d launched this attack!

Yang Ye’s eyes narrowed slightly while fury filled them, “They just won’t fucking stop!”