Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1390 – How Laughable And Sad!

Yang Ye and the black robed man were locked in battle.

No matter how the black robed man attacked, what moves he used, or what techniques he executed, all of them were destroyed by a simple swing of Yang Ye’s sword.

Yang Ye hadn’t chosen to attack. He didn’t have the ability to attack right now, so forcing an attack was pointless. After all, he wasn’t able to execute any powerful techniques right now, and that meant that he couldn’t cause any material harm to his opponent. Moreover, once he forced an attack and allowed the black robed man to catch a flaw in his attack, then he would fall into a terrible situation.

He didn’t have sufficient strength to attack, but he had more than enough to defend himself.

He possessed a powerful physical body and possessed the Enlightened Sword Heart. So, he was using his Enlightened Sword Heart to supplement his physical strength, allowing him to deal with any moves that the black robed man executed.

The black robed man’s strength was beyond doubt. However, regardless of whether it was speed or strength, both of them were almost equals. So, Yang Ye wasn’t just able to swiftly locate the flaws in his attacks, Yang Ye could even swing his sword in time and destroy the black robed man’s attacks.

In the past, Yang Ye had practically never utilized his ability to find the flaws of his opponent’s attacks and destroy them. Because he very rarely had a dragged out battle with anyone. It was always concluded with a single swing of his sword or just a few attacks. When his strength was absolutely superior to his opponents, it would be quite a waste of time to counter his opponents like that.

On the other hand, the other type of enemy he faced were enemies whose strength far surpassed his own. It was impossible for him to locate the flaws and destroy the attacks of such experts!

Now, he couldn’t execute any sword techniques, so he had no choice but to engage in a battle of attrition with the black robed man.

They fought intensely for a long time, but no one could gain the upper hand over the other.

However, the black robed man was very well aware that Yang Ye would definitely lose if the battle went on. Because physical strength would be exhausted as well. Coupled with the fact that Yang Ye had already been injured, even if Yang Ye’s body didn’t get over-exhausted, Yang Ye would still become extremely exhausted. That moment would be an opportunity for him!

On the other hand, Yang Ye was waiting. He was waiting for Nether Maiden and the pig-riding young woman to deal with those fellows.

The pig-riding young woman had gone berserk. Every single swing of her saber seemed capable of slashing the world into two. It was absolutely shocking.

Her frenzied attacks caused Lian Suyao and the others to fall into a disadvantaged situation. Moreover, the pig-riding young woman’s aura was growing stronger as the battle progressed, so Lian Suyao’s group’s defeat was only a matter of time.

Jin Xiu and the 3 Mu Sanyuans were up against Nether Maiden. They were similarly incapable of gaining the upper hand over Nether Maiden. She hadn’t gone berserk like the pig-riding young woman, but Jin Xiu and the others had extremely vigilant expressions on their faces while fear filled their eyes. Because Nether Maiden’s attacks were very strange. Especially her ability to reverse things. They really feared that.

Bang! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

A long time passed before an explosion suddenly resounded from afar, and then a shrill cry arose.

Yang Ye shot a glance towards the source of the shrill cry, and he saw that the pig-riding young woman’s saber had struck the short man, who held an iron hammer in his grasp, to the point his bones and meridians had shattered. The reason for that was because he hadn’t been able to retreat in time, so he had no choice but to go head-on against the pig-riding young woman’s saber.

His iron hammer was clearly not bad because it hadn’t been broken after suffering an attack from the pig-riding young woman. However, the powerful force from the attack had shattered the insides of the short man’s body.

He was still alive, but he was crippled.

Fool! Yang Ye cursed inwardly, and then he focused on the black robed man. The pig-riding young woman’s physical strength was extremely terrifying. Even he didn’t dare go head-on against her physical strength. He’d collided once with her earlier, and he’d done so by locating the weak point in her attack instead of going head-on against it!

But that short man had actually done that! So, wasn’t he courting death?

After one of her opponents was removed from the battlefield, it became even easier for the pig-riding young woman. As for Lian Suyao and the others, it became even more strenuous. At this point in the battle, many of them were injured, even Lian Suyao. The pig-riding young woman was really too terrifying right now. No one could stop her stride, and all chose to evade.

If Lian Suyao and the others were called geniuses that were one in a million, then the pig-riding young woman, Nether Maiden, and the others were monstrous geniuses that were one in a million.

Actually, Lian Suyao and the others were really amazing for being able to accomplish this much. After all, even a few Semi-Deities would probably be unable to gain an advantage over Nether Maiden and the pig-riding young woman.

At this moment, Lian Suyao and the others had started to fight desperately.

They naturally couldn’t retreat now, nor did they dare to. Because once they did that, it would weaken their already weak morale. Moreover, if they retreated, they would be in danger if the pig-riding young woman refused to let them leave. Because their speed couldn’t compare to her.

Fight!

They had no choice but to fight!

When someone is forced into a hopeless situation, they would fight with everything they had. Lian Suyao and the others were the same. They were fighting like they’d gone mad.

Regardless of whether it was the pig-riding young woman, Lian Suyao, or the others, all of them were completely immersed in the battle.

At this moment, Yang Ye had stopped paying attention to them. Because the black robed man’s attacks were growing in strength and intensity.

Time was of the essence!

Regardless of whether it was Nether Maiden’s battle, the pig-riding young woman’s battle, or the battle between Yang Ye and the black robed man, every second counted to them.

Yang Ye held Heaven’s Gravestone tightly and stabbed it forward from time to time. Every single attack would counter the black robed man’s attack.

Suddenly, when the black robed man’s right hand slapped down towards Yang Ye’s chest while carrying black energy, Yang Ye’s sword which was about to stab the black robed man’s palm had stopped. It immediately moved slightly to the side and stabbed by the palm.

Because his sword hadn’t stopped the black robed man’s attack, the black robed man’s palm struck Yang Ye’s chest, and Yang Ye’s sword stabbed the black robed man’s chest.

Bang!

Hiss!

A muffled explosion resounded as Yang Ye was pushed over 1km back. Yang Ye stopped and glanced at the Phantom Shield. At this moment, it looked like a rock that had been struck by a hammer. Even though it hadn’t shattered, it was covered in cracks and seemed like it would shatter from the slightest touch.

Meanwhile, the black robed man’s chest was dyed red with blood.

It wasn’t Yang Ye’s style to fight a battle passively and just suffer blows. So, he’d suddenly changed his attack at the critical moment and caught the black robed man off guard. However, it was a pity that the black robed man had dodged his attack at the last second, so it hadn’t been able to pierce the black robed man’s heart. After all, if it had, it would have either killed or heavily injured the black robed man.

The black robed man said, “You were on the defensive for so long just to complete that strike, right? Haha, you almost succeeded.”

Yang Ye withdrew the Phantom Shield and said, “Unfortunately, you were still able to dodge it!”

“It is unfortunate!” The man slowly clenched his fists, “Now that you’ve missed that opportunity, you won’t have another.”

As soon as he finished speaking, a strand of black energy seeped out from within him. More and more seeped out from him, and it only took an instant for him to be completely enveloped by it. After that, the black energy suddenly transformed into a ferocious looking beast. It had quite a strange appearance. Its body was like a fish, yet its head was that of a tiger, and there was a sharp spike on its head.

Yang Ye frowned once the beast appeared. Because he felt a strand of indescribable fear.

Meanwhile, Nether Maiden’s voice came from afar, “Watch out, that’s a Soul Beast. It specializes in devouring souls!”

A soul beast that specializes in devouring souls? Yang Ye had a solemn expression on his face. He was quite weak when it came to the soul, so he naturally didn’t dare to act carelessly now.

“Come on! Let me see how you destroy it with a single swing of your sword!” As soon as the black robed man finished speaking, the beast roared with fury, and then it pounced at Yang Ye.

The beast was staring at Yang Ye while greed filled its eyes. Obviously, it really liked Yang Ye’s soul.

“Don’t let it enter your body. Even Deities can’t stop it from devouring their soul once it enters their body!” Nether Maiden’s anxious voice came from afar. Moreover, she’d forcefully endured an attack from Jin Xiu and rushed off in Yang Ye’s direction.

It has to enter the body? Yang Ye, whose face was covered in a vigilant expression, was stunned when he heard her. That fellow has to enter my body to eat my soul?

Meanwhile, the Soul Beast had arrived in front of Yang Ye. Everyone in the surroundings watched as Yang Ye launched a forward stab. The black robed man immediately revealed a wisp of ridicule when he saw Yang Ye’s reaction. If Yang Ye had profound energy, then Yang Ye’s attack might have been able to be a slight obstruction to the Soul Beast when it was enhanced by profound energy and sword intent. However, just his physical strength couldn’t stop it.

A Soul Beast had a Soul Body, so ordinary techniques couldn’t cause any harm to it. He hadn’t intended to use the Soul Beast because his target was the hall masters of the Nether Pavilion. However, he was truly helpless against Yang Ye. If he didn’t use the Soul Beast and allowed Yang Ye to keep him busy like this, then the situation would become even more disadvantageous to him.

So, he had no choice but to use a trump card!

Yang Ye’s sword stabbed forward, but the Soul Beast passed straight through his sword, and then it transformed into a ray of black light that entered Yang Ye’s body.

Yang Ye’s eyes instantly opened wide.

“NO!!” Nether Maiden’s face was instantly covered in fury and ferocity, and then she raised her speed to its limits and charged forward in Yang Ye’s direction.

Meanwhile, the pig-riding young woman shot a glance over when she heard Nether Maiden’s voice. She blinked when she saw the Soul Beast enter Yang Ye’s body, and then she said, “That fellow... was killed just like that?”

“HAHAHA!” The black robed man roared madly with laughter, “What a pity! How sad! You actually used an ordinary attack against a Soul Beast. Yang Ye! Oh! Yang Ye! You’re the stupidest person I’ve seen in the lower dimensions! Hahaha!