Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1403 – Attack!

Yang Ye closed his eyes slowly.

They’re forcing her!

All of them are forcing her to do it! Including her own parents! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

She had to face pressure from Celestial Demon Stellar Region on the outside, and then she faced pressure internally from the experts of her own stellar region and her parents. It was obvious how much pressure was on her.

Just thinking about the situation she was in made Yang Ye feel like needles were stabbing against his heart!

Yang Ye remained silent for a long time, and then he opened his eyes and gazed at Nangong Qin, “Miss Nangong, may I ask you something. Your Azure Cloud Merchant Group should have its own stellar region, right?”

She nodded, “Cloud Merchant Stellar Region. It’s a three star stellar region.”

Yang Ye asked, “How much authority do you hold in your merchant group?”

“We’re a family merchant group, so the entire merchant group is under my Nangong Clan’s control. My father only has 2 daughters. Me and my younger sister, Nangong Yun. My father has left the management of the merchant group to us sisters. So, my authority in the merchant group can be considered to be 2nd in the merchant group.”

Yang Ye asked, “How many Deities does your merchant group have?”

Her eyes narrowed slightly, “Young Master Yang, are you thinking of asking my merchant group to assist Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region?”

Yang Ye replied, “I know that isn’t realistic. So, I hope to obtain your help.”

It wasn’t realistic to seek help from the entire merchant group. Because she wasn’t the one that made all the decisions. However, if she was willing to help, then she would still be of great help to him!

The smile on Nangong Qin’s face vanished. She walked over to the side, sat down, and then picked up a cup and sipped some tea before she spoke again, “Young Master Yang, give me a reason.” If it was any other person that asked her to help Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region right now, she would slap that person right there and then. Because wasn’t that like asking her to send her forces to their deaths?

The situation at Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region was common knowledge!

Gambling on it now would definitely result in a complete loss. Because Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region’s destruction was set in stone. Heading over there right now would be a one way trip to hell!

However, it was Yang Ye who’d asked. She knew Yang Ye wasn’t someone who thought the world revolved around him, so she was willing to listen.

Yang Ye said, “There’s no reward without risk!”

She shook her head, “Young Master Yang Ye, allow me to be honest. I only see risk and no reward!”

Meanwhile, Ye Liuyun stepped forward, “Big Sister Qin, you’re looking in the wrong place. Don’t look at Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region, look at him!” She pointed at Yang Ye while she spoke.

Nangong Qin asked, “What do you mean?”

Ye Liuyun combed her hair behind her ears and said, “I understand what you’re thinking. Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region really does have no hope right now. But just think about it, what if it survived? What if it survived under your help? What would that give you?”

Nangong Qin smiled and remained silent. Actually, she’d firmly decided that she would never help Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region. However, she didn’t want to make Yang Ye and Ye Liuyun feel embarrassed. She hoped that they would act sensibly and stop speaking about it.

Ye Liuyun pondered deeply for a moment and was about to speak when Yang Ye grabbed her arm, and he shook his head and said, “Let’s go see that second young miss!”

Ye Liuyun glanced at him and nodded, and then they didn’t hesitate to turn around and leave.

Meanwhile, Nangong Qin’s voice suddenly resounded from behind them, “Wait!”

Yang Ye and Ye Liuyun stopped, and then Yang Ye turned around and gazed at Nangong Qin, “Miss Nangong, I know that doing this is a little pushy, and I understand the difficulty you face. So, I won’t blame you for it. However, I have to help Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region. So, if you’re unwilling to help, then I have no choice but to look for someone else.”

Nangong Qin shook her head and said, “Young Master Yang, there are many things that are agreed upon through discussion. You want my help, and that isn’t impossible. But as I’ve mentioned before, I hope you can give me a reason to help Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region. Moreover, allow me to be honest, if both of you can’t convince me, then you probably won’t be able to convince my younger sister. Conversely, if you can convince her, then you’ll definitely be able to convince me. We know each other well, so isn’t it better to work with me than my younger sister?”

“It’s great if you’re willing to discuss it!” Yang Ye nodded and said, “Miss Nangong, you think that Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region will definitely lose, but I’m not of the same mind!”

Nangong Qin asked, “Why?”

Yang Ye pointed at himself, “Because of me.”

Nangong Qin was at a loss for words when she heard how confident Yang Ye was.

Yang Ye continued, “Miss Nangong, have you heard of the Stellar Sword Diagram?”

She nodded, “Of course. Jian Wuji utilized that diagram to fight a mysterious expert in Dark Hell Stellar Region. Its might is....” When she spoke up to this point, her pupils constricted slightly, “You... you obtained the Stellar Sword Diagram!”

Yang Ye nodded. He knew that he had to expose some of his trump cards in order to gain her help.

Nangong Qin clenched her fists slowly when she saw him nod. After all, the Stellar Sword Diagram was something that was beyond the ranking systems of treasures. Moreover, it was a sword diagram while Yang Ye was a peerless sword cultivator. So, even Deities would tremble before him while it was in his hands!

Nangong Qin remained silent for a long time before she shook her head, “It still isn’t enough.”

Yang Ye said, “Miss Nangong, if you’re willing to lend a hand, then your Azure Cloud Merchant Group can open a branch at every single world under Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region, and all fees will be waived for 30 years. Besides that, I personally promise you that so long as I’m alive, I’m willing to help you with 3 things!”

He didn’t have any other bargaining chips, so he had no choice but to sell himself.

3 things!

Nangong Qin suddenly looked up at Yang Ye. Yang Ye was only an Emperor now, but would any Deity dare to underestimate him? The most terrifying thing wasn’t his strength, it was his potential. If Yang Ye were to do 3 things for her with his current strength, then it would actually not be very useful. But what about in the future? If Yang Ye didn’t die, then based on his potential, how terrifying would he be?

She was a businesswoman, so she understood that investing in business had far lower returns than investing in outstanding people.

Once Yang Ye grew even stronger and attained the Voider Realm or even the Deity Realm, then he would do all sorts of things for her, and the favors he owed her would be much more useful!

However, she would suffer a huge loss if Yang Ye perished in Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region. Not only would she offend Celestial Demon Stellar Region and the other powers, then Azure Cloud Merchant Group may have to sacrifice her in order to settle the matter with Celestial Demon Stellar Region and the other stellar regions. Even if she could escape death, she could dream of ever holding any authority in the merchant group.

It came with huge benefits, but the risks were huge as well!

Nangong Qing remained silent for a long time, and then she raised 3 fingers, “I can mobilize 3 Deities. That’s my limit. However, they will only follow you in secret. You can’t expose their identities or announce that my Azure Cloud Merchant Group is helping you. This is between you, me, and Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region, and it has nothing to do with Azure Cloud Merchant Group. I hope you understand!”

Yang Ye heaved a sigh of relief in his heart when he heard her. Actually, he didn’t hold much hope, but he hadn’t expected her to really be willing to help!

Regardless of whether she was doing so to gain his help in the future or because she had other motives, he would still remember this favor!

Meanwhile, Nangong Qin laughed bitterly, “I hope I won’t regret this!” The risks were huge. She was betting everything she had and her own future on Yang Ye’s future. It was very risky, extremely risky.

Actually, Nangong Qin didn’t know that it wouldn’t be long before she would feel very lucky that she’d made this decision. Because it didn’t just change her life, it changed the future of Azure Cloud Merchant Group!

Yang Ye cupped his fist to her and said, “Miss Nangong, I’ll remember this. Regardless of what happens at Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region, I will absolutely not refuse your request if it’s within my ability. Of course, even if it isn’t within my ability, I will still try my best.”

3 Deities was a huge help to Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region!

Nangong Qin smiled, “Even though it’s quite risky, being able to become friends with someone like you is worth any risk.”

If she didn’t really attach great importance to Yang Ye in the past, then once she found out what he’d done on Skyriver Continent, her evaluation of him had risen to the top!

She was willing to become friends with him, no matter the cost!

Merchant groups did business, but if they didn’t possess formidable strength, then how would they do business? If Yang Ye were to be able to grow, then just a single word from him might be able to change both her and her merchant group’s future. It wasn’t exaggerated at all because Yang Ye had such potential!

Meanwhile, Ye Liuyun asked, “Are you heading to Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region now?”

Yang Ye shook his head, “I’m going to Celestial Demon Stellar Region!”

Celestial Demon Stellar Region!

Both Ye Liuyun and Nangong Qin’s expressions changed.

Meanwhile, Nangong Qin spoke solemnly, “Yang Ye, you have to realize that Celestial Demon Stellar Region isn’t Skyriver Stellar Region. It’s heavily guarded and covered in numerous grand formations. Moreover, there are at least 2 Deities in its main city. Besides that, they definitely have Dimensional Teleportation Flags. Once anything occurs in their stellar region, it’ll only take a few dozen breaths of time for them to return! The Demon Lord is no ordinary Deity!”

Yang Ye nodded, “Thank you for the information. But I’m still heading there first!”

Nangong Qin frowned, “Why?”

Yang Ye replied, “If I head to Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region right now, it will expose my presence before them and cause me to fall into a passive state. However, if I were to launch a surprise attack on Celestial Demon Stellar Region, then I would hold the initiative. I decide whether we fight. Moreover, Celestial Demon Stellar Region might have not expected that I would dare to launch such a surprise attack on them. So, it’s an opportunity for me, an opportunity to put a dent in Celestial Demon Stellar Region’s strength!”

Meanwhile, Ye Liuyun said, “But it’s very dangerous!”

Yang Ye smiled, “Is heading to Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region not dangerous? Both are dangerous. Since they are both dangerous, I choose to launch a surprise attack. The morale in Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region is definitely really bad. But once I attack Celestial Demon Stellar Region and both of you help me spread the news, it’ll definitely rouse their morale and alleviate some of the pressure that Zhuang Weiran faces!”

If he hadn’t launched a surprise attack on Skyriver Stellar Region, their experts would have definitely not left or promised to not attack Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region again.

If even their base of operations was in trouble, how could they have the desire to attack others?

But if he chose to head to Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region, the experts of Skyriver Stellar Region would have definitely not retreated.

That was the difference!

Most importantly, he didn’t like to be on the defensive! He liked to be on the offensive!

Offense was the best defense!

He wanted to attack!

He wanted to fight!