Chapter 1410 – Even Being A Dog Wasn’t Bad!

Seven Deities!

Such a number was sufficient to instantly turn the situation around.

Once seven Deities joined the battle, regardless of whether it was Yang Ye or Elder Yuan’s group on the ground below, they would all be defeated in an instant. That was definitely beyond any doubt!

The seven Deities didn’t attack immediately.

Everyone here had stopped fighting, and Zhuang Weiran had returned to Yang Ye’s side.

“Nether Blue Stellar Region, Darklight Stellar Region, Skywave Stellar Region, Starcloud Stellar Region, Brightflame Stellar Region, and Blue Salvation Stellar Region.” Zhuang Weiran explained, “They are from seven different stellar regions. All of them are two star stellar regions, and they are the powers that were assisting Celestial Demon Stellar Region from the shadows.”

Yang Ye glanced at them and said, “Why aren’t they attacking?”

She replied, “There’s no benefit. They wanted to use us to weaken Celestial Demon Stellar Region. Now, they are waiting to negotiate with Celestial Demon Stellar Region and divide up the benefits of this conquest against us.”

Yang Ye chuckled and remained silent. He withdrew some divine crystals, swallowed them, and then took Zhuang Weiran’s hand. She turned to look at him. She’d thought that he just wanted to take advantage of the situation and hold her hand, and she was just about to speak when a strand of pure energy flowed through her hand. It flowed along her hand and into her body, and then it spread throughout her body and repaired her injuries at an alarming rate!

A wisp of shock flashed through her eyes because the speed of recovery was truly too swift!

She asked, “What profound energy is that?”

Yang Ye smiled, “I’ll tell you in the future. Now, recuperate first!” The reason he hadn’t attacked was naturally so that they had time to recover their profound energy and recover. This was a rare opportunity.

If the Demon Lord and the others found out that Yang Ye had such heaven defying recuperative abilities, then they would definitely attack immediately. Unfortunately, they didn’t.

At the same time that he recovered his profound energy, Yang Ye glanced at the surroundings. At this moment, Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region had three Deities, Zhuang Weiran and her parents. If Elder Yuan’s group and Yang Ye were included, then they had seven Deities on their side. As for the Deities created by the Wargod Formation, they’d been dispersed. As for Celestial Demon Stellar Region’s forces. Besides the Demon Lord and those two Celestial Demon Wolves, they had six other Deities. But one of those Deities had perished during the battle, so they had eight left in total. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Actually, the Deities of Celestial Demon Stellar Region had the upper hand. However, their experts beneath the Deity Realm were in a disadvantaged situation.

That was naturally because of Yang Ye. The cultivators beneath the Deity Realm were affected by Yang Ye’s slaughter intent, so most of them weren’t fighting against Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region, they were attacking and killing their own companions instead.

That was why the Demon Lord didn’t dare to let the battle drag on. If it dragged on, then besides the Deities of Celestial Demon Stellar Region, all its other cultivators would probably be annihilated. At that time, even if they still won, it would be a pyrrhic victory, and it wasn’t an outcome that he wanted. So, he had to seek help from the other stellar regions.

But he would have to pay a certain price!

The Demon Lord glanced at those seven old men, and then he said, “All of you’ve obtained around 100 worlds from Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region. I presume all of you don’t want to just give it back, right?”

Meanwhile, the violet robed old man who led the group smiled, “Celestial Demon Lord, we will naturally not give it back. However, we’d wanted to send our forces to help you attack Clouds of Heaven City. Unfortunately, you refused. Yet now, hah! You’ve called out to us and asked for help. That....”

The Demon Lord stared fixedly at the old man, but the old man didn’t fear him at all and met his gaze. If it was before this, they would naturally not dare to offend the Demon Lord. After all, Celestial Demon Stellar Region was a three star stellar region, and its strength far surpassed theirs. Yet now, Celestial Demon Stellar Region’s forces were either dead or heavily injured. Its strength was far inferior to what it had been, so they naturally didn’t have to fear it any longer!

A short while passed before the Demon Lord spoke, “My Celestial Demon Stellar Region will give up half of the worlds we’ve obtained before this. I presume all of you are satisfied with that, right?”

The old man looked the Demon Lord in the eyes and said, “We have a little too many people on our side!”

The Demon Lord’s eyes narrowed slightly. He gazed at the old man for a long time before he said, “60%, that’s my limit. Besides that, one shouldn’t be too greedy, don’t you think so too?”

The old man gazed at the Demon Lord for quite a while, and then he smiled, “Of course!”

As soon as he finished speaking, the old man turned to look at Yang Ye and Zhuang Weiran. His gaze paused on Yang Ye for a moment, and then he gazed at Zhuang Weiran, “Zhuang Weiran, Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region is finished. If we continue fighting, it’ll only end with both sides suffering tremendous losses. We don’t like to go too far, so you just have to agree to 2 conditions, and then we’ll retreat and give all of you a chance to live.”

Zhuang Weiran was about to speak when Yang Ye tightened his grasp on her hand. She glanced at him, and he grinned at her before he gazed at the old man, “Go on!”

The old man glanced at Yang Ye. He naturally wouldn’t dare to look down on Yang Ye. After all, Yang Ye was a peerless genius who could fight the Celestial Demon Lord!

The old man pondered deeply for a moment, and then he said, “It’s very simple. The 1st condition is that from this day onward, Clouds of Heaven Continent will seal itself. No one is allowed to leave. Of course, it’s not forever. 100 years. Everyone within Clouds of Heaven Continent, including Zhuang Weiran, can’t leave the continent within the next 100 years. The 2nd condition is that Clouds of Heaven Continent must give us 500,000 divine crystals every year!”

Zhuang Weitian and the others’ expressions turned unsightly when they heard the old man.

They intended to ruthlessly squeeze Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region for everything it had!

The old man wasn’t giving them a chance to live, he just wanted to squeeze Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region dry over a long period of time. It was like raising a pig and slaughtering it once it had grown nice and fat.

Even though they could obtain a short period of peace, it was peace that was full of humiliation and disgrace. True disgrace. Moreover, once Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region was weakened, they would definitely strike the final blow.

Not to mention Zhuang Weiran, even Zhuang Weitian and the others wouldn’t agree to those conditions!

Actually, anyone with a little courage wouldn’t agree to it.

The Demon Lord glanced at the violet robed old man and didn’t try to stop them.

Because regardless of whether Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region agreed to those conditions, it wasn’t disadvantageous to him. If Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region agreed, that would be good because he could fatten them up before killing them. If they refused, that wasn’t a problem as well. Because there was only one consequence for that, and it would be war!

At this moment, his side had an absolute advantage over Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region!

After he finished speaking, the old man gazed at Zhuang Weiran. He was very well aware that she was the one who could make the decision. Just like the Celestial Demon Lord, he wasn’t afraid if she refused. That would be fine, they could just fight. In any case, they possessed absolute strength. However, he hoped she would agree because he could gain everything without a battle.

After all, Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region still had some strength, and his side would definitely lose quite a few experts if they fought desperately.

Zhuang Weiran didn’t answer. She gazed at Yang Ye instead, “What do you think?”

Yang Ye chuckled, and then he took her hand and went up into the sky above the city. He looked down at the city with her. At this moment, it was covered in corpses, and the horrifying scene here was only slightly better than how Celestial Demon City had been before he left. Actually, it was much better because the word horrifying wasn’t sufficient to describe how Celestial Demon City had been,

The old man and the others didn’t attack. All of them were looking at Yang Ye as they wanted to know what he was going to do.

Yang Ye’s gaze descended onto the living people in the city. All of those people were looking at him right now, and he could see something in their eyes — despair!

Indeed, Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region had no hope right now. At the very least, they didn’t think there was any hope.

Even though Yang Ye had revealed extremely formidable strength, he couldn’t fight 6 Deities on his own, right?

Yang Ye glanced at the and said, “I’m sure all of you heard him. Let me ask you something. Are all of you willing to live like dogs without any dignity?”

They didn’t answer him. Actually, so long as they could survive, then not to mention being a dog, they were willing to be anything!

Everyone was afraid of death. No one wanted to die!

None of them replied to him. Yang Ye rubbed his nose and felt rather embarrassed. He’d almost forgotten that it wasn’t Doomsday City, and they weren’t from the Sword Alliance. If he was at Doomsday City, the entire city would fight with him if he told them to!

Unfortunately, this was Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region, so no one here knew him!

Yang Ye’s skin had become quite thick, so he didn’t mind and continued, “500,000 divine crystals! Do you know what that represents? It represents that all of you will become slaves. Slaves that earn divine crystals for other stellar regions. You’ll have to give all the divine crystals you earn to them. Are you willing to do that?”

“Of course not!” Someone suddenly howled furiously from below.

“No!”

“No!”

It didn’t take long for countless to start shouting.

Divine crystals were the resources they needed to cultivate. If they had to hand all of it over, then it would be worse than taking their lives. How could they possibly be willing to let that happen?

The Demon Lord and the others’ expressions turned gloomy at the sight of this.

Meanwhile, Yang Ye howled, “Since you’re not willing, then follow me and kill them!”

“Kill them!”

“Kill!”

Countless roared with fury, and their voices shot up into the sky.

Once he saw that their spirits were roused, he turned to look at Zhuang Weiran and smiled, “Promise me something if we survive today, alright?”

She gazed at him for a long time before she said, “Alright!” She didn’t know what he wanted, but it wasn’t important anymore.

At this moment, all of that really wasn’t important anymore.

Because she was prepared to die in battle.

“All of you will definitely die today!” Meanwhile, the Demon Lord spoke abruptly, “Yang Ye, no one will save you, nor would anyone dare to try.”

As soon as he finished speaking, the Celestial Demon Lord didn’t waste his breath and immediately waved his right hand. The two Celestial Demon Wolves instantly transformed into rays of dark light that pounced at Yang Ye and Zhuang Weiran.

Viciousness flashed through Yang Ye’s eyes when he saw them pounce at him, and then he tore open his shirt and howled with fury, “Qiong Qi! It’s time to eat!”