Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1419 – He Doesn’t Stand A Chance!

Zhuang Weitian spoke solemnly, “What are you trying to say?!”

Ye Liuyun restrained her smile and said, “If it’s given to Zhuang Weiran, then I wouldn’t have any problems. But if it isn’t being handed down to her, then I think that our Sword Alliance has to have a good discussion with your Clouds of Heavens Stellar Region. As for what we’re discussing, it’s naturally about how we’ll divide up the worlds that once belonged to Celestial Demon Stellar Region and Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region.”

Everyone instantly understood her when they heard this.

If Zhuang Weitian was going to give the stellar region to Zhuang Weiran, then there would naturally be no need to discuss anything. Because only an idiot wouldn’t be able to discern the relationship between Yang Ye and her. So, if Zhuang Weitian gave the stellar region to Zhuang Weiran, then to a certain extent, it would be given to Yang Ye.

But if Zhuang Weitian wasn’t giving it to her and was giving it to his son instead, then Yang Ye would just be reclaiming those worlds for the benefits of others. While Yang Ye and the Sword Alliance gained nothing. Perhaps Yang Ye wouldn’t mind doing something like that, but she was the Sword Alliance’s counsellor, so how could she not care?

She had to think for the interests of the entire Sword Alliance!

If it was looked at from her perspective, then regardless of how many favors Yang Ye owed Zhuang Weiran, saving Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region and Zhuang Weiran was sufficient to repay all the debts he owed. But Zhuang Weitian still wanted Yang Ye to help reclaim the worlds which belonged to Celestial Demon Stellar Region and Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region. He wanted Yang Ye to risk his life for the sake of him and his son. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Why should Yang Ye risk his life if all the benefits were being taken by Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region?

Perhaps Yang Ye didn’t mind. After all, his relationship with Zhuang Weiran wasn’t something that could be measured with possessions. However, even if he didn’t mind, it didn’t mean that Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region could use Yang Ye like that!

Yang Ye was about to speak when Zhuang Weiran took his hand and shook her head.

Actually, she had similar thoughts as Ye Liuyun. Yang Ye had done enough for her. If it was possible, she hoped that Yang Ye would stop getting involved with the business of Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region. But she knew that Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region needed his help right now, and even she needed his help. Moreover, she was very well aware that so long as she remained here, Yang Ye would not stand by idly if Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region was in danger.

Just like Ye Liuyun, she didn’t hope that Yang Ye would always be putting in effort, and she hoped that he could gain something as well. Because she didn’t want to use him, and she didn’t want to be the reason that allowed her father to use him.

Yang Ye glanced at her, and then didn’t say anything.

Actually, so long as Zhuang Weiran asked it of him, he could disregard everything. After all, their relationship wasn’t something that could be measured by any benefits or interests. But he understood that he represented the Sword Alliance, and the Sword Alliance’s interests were tied to him. It wasn’t just the Sword Alliance, there was Nangong Qin as well.

For example, why had Nangong Qin helped him this time?

Because of benefits!

It was a very real thing!

He didn’t mind, but it didn’t mean that others wouldn’t mind as well.

Zhuang Weiran glanced at Ye Liuyun, and then she gazed at Zhuang Weitian whose face was quite unsightly. She said, “Both of you discuss it yourselves.”

As soon as she finished speaking, she took Yang Ye’s hand and walked out of the hall.

Once they left, Ye Liuyun gazed at Zhuang Weitian and said, “Senior Zhuang, let’s discuss the matter.”

...

At the back of Wargod Hall, Yang Ye and Zhuang Weiran were walking side by side.

Yang Ye said, “I don’t want our relationship to have such things mixed in with it.”

She nodded and said, “I understand. But there are things that you deserve to get, and they are things that your subordinates deserve to get. Only then would others follow you. If others found out that you abandoned the interests of the Sword Alliance because of a woman, what would the members of the Sword Alliance think of you?”

The Sword Alliance had sent its forces to help as well. For example, Lin Shan and the others. Even though they weren’t really useful on their own, don’t forget that they were with Yang Ye, and they’d helped.

They had no connection to Zhuang Weiran. So if they were made to risk their lives yet didn’t gain anything, then would anyone be willing to fight such battles.

Yang Ye laughed bitterly and said, “There are probably few sword cultivators that have to deal with so many trivial matters.”

She replied, “This is the path you chose!”

Yang Ye nodded. He had too many people to protect, and it was impossible for him to always be by their sides. The only way was to form a huge power that made others dare not bully them. Even though the Sword Alliance was still quite weak now, its potential was huge. He was confident that the Sword Alliance would have a spot in both the lower dimensions and the large world.

There is strength in numbers. Yang Ye really agreed with that saying. Just like the previous battle. If he didn’t have the help of Elder Yuan’s group, then not only would he have been unable to slaughter Celestial Demon City, even Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region would have been finished. If those 3 Deities hadn’t been there during the battle, then the Demon Lord wouldn’t have been the one who fell into a disadvantaged situation, it would have been him and Zhuang Weiran,

Meanwhile, Zhuang Weiran said, “Wildlands Stellar Region might not let the matter rest. It isn’t just them, the other stellar regions that took those worlds of ours might not let the matter rest as well. They’d taken all those worlds, so it would definitely be difficult to make them return those worlds.”

She suddenly turned to look at Yang Ye and continued, “Are you really determined to grow the Sword Alliance?”

Yang Ye nodded.

“I understand.” She continued, “You can tell Liuyun that there’s no need to discuss matters with my father anymore.”

Yang Ye gazed at her with a puzzled gaze, “What do you mean?”

She looked him in the eyes and said, “I’ll take control of Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region from now on.”

Yang Ye was stunned. Quite some time passed before he said, “Your father....”

Zhuang Weiran shook her head and said, “I wasn’t interested in taking control of the stellar region in the past, but I am now. So long as I’m interested, then my younger brother won’t stand a chance against me, nor would he dare to fight me for it. My influence in this stellar region is something that even my father can’t compare to.”

Yang Ye gazed at her for a long time before he said, “Don’t force yourself if you really don’t like managing such a power.” He naturally knew why she was doing this. It was for him. If she took control of the stellar region, then she would definitely side with him. So, at that time, Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region could be considered to be his.

She shook her head slightly and replied, “It’s not entirely because of you. This incident allowed me to realize that my stellar region is inadequate in many aspects, and it allowed me to realize that my stellar region has to grow stronger so that no one will bully it. But my father is old. He doesn’t have the courage that he once had. He isn’t suited to manage the stellar region anymore. As for my younger brother, if he’s given control of the stellar region, then Clouds of Stellar Region would fall in his hands.”

Yang Ye remained silent for a while, and then he laughed bitterly, “Your father and mother are probably going to blame me for this. Because they’ll definitely think that you suddenly changed your mind because of me.”

She grinned, “You are the main reason.”

Yang Ye suddenly took her hand and said, “Weiran, you actually look quite good when you smile.”

The smile on her face stiffened slightly, but it didn’t take long for her face to return to normal, “I’ve only smiled in front of you.”

Yang Ye smiled, “It’s my honor!”

She glanced at him and said, “Let’s go and tell my father about my decision.”

As she spoke, she took Yang Ye’s hand and vanished on the spot with him.

...

Wargod Hall.

Ye Liuyun and Zhuang Weitian were discussing the split of territory between the Sword Alliance and Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region. Actually, it was going very smoothly because she was intentionally compromising. After all, Yang Ye and Zhuang Weiran’s relationship was obvious, and Zhuang Weiran was Zhuang Weitian’s daughter. So, she naturally wouldn’t be too harsh because she didn’t want to make things difficult for Yang Ye.

Suddenly, Yang Ye and Zhuang Weiran walked into the hall.

Everyone in the hall gazed at Yang Ye and Zhuang Weiran.

Zhuang Weiran walked over to Zhuang Weitian and said, “I want to take control of Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region.”

She was forcing him to give his position to her!

Zhuang Weitian and Qian Yaochan were stunned. It didn’t take long for their faces to become slightly unsightly. Zhuang Weitian remained silent for a long time before he laughed bitterly, “Is it because of Yang Ye?”

She nodded and said, “It is, but not completely. I think that I’m more suitable to do it than my younger brother.”

Zhuang Weitian fell silent for a long time before he nodded, “Good! Very good! You can have control of the stellar region.” As soon as he finished speaking, he seemed to grow older.

Actually, it was obvious that once Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region was given to Zhuang Weiran, then it was equivalent to giving it to Yang Ye. It was a stellar region that he’d fought for and formed himself, yet he was giving it away for free. So, it felt horrible.

But even though he was really unwilling, he had no other choice, nor could he do anything about it. Because Zhuang Weiran’s influence was the most prestigious figure in Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region.

Zhuang Weiran’s current prestige could be said to have even surpassed him. As for his son, Zhuang Weiran’s younger brother, he wasn’t even qualified to compete with her.

Actually, everyone throughout the stellar region supported her. Especially after the battle with Celestial Demon Stellar Region, her prestige in their hearts had risen to an extremely great height. Because she was the one who’d stepped forward and led them in battle when Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region was in danger! Moreover, she was also the reason why their stellar region had gained help and had been able to overcome the danger it faced.

Most importantly, she was the strongest in their stellar region!

So, when Zhuang Weiran wanted to become the owner of Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region, Zhuang Weitian couldn’t refuse her at all.

Suddenly, Zhuang Weitian suddenly added, “I have a condition. The future owner of Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region must be your child with him.”

Yang Ye was at a loss for words.

But Zhuang Weiran’s face remained calm as she nodded, “Alright!”

Zhuang Weitian’s face eased up slightly when he heard this. The child between Yang Ye and Zhuang Weiran would have his bloodline, so thinking like that made him feel much more comfortable.

Besides that, he was very well aware that she was much more suited to manage Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region than her younger brother. Actually, he’d thought of handing it down to her. However, she didn’t have the intention to manage the stellar region, and he wasn’t able to overcome his feelings about how it would be like giving the stellar region away to her future husband. Yet now, he had to overcome that feeling no matter what.

Meanwhile, a smile curled up on the corners of Ye Liuyun’s mouth. I can save a bunch of effort now.