Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1423 – Compensation!

Yang Ye didn’t waste his breath and just drew his sword.

At the instant Yang Ye drew his sword, Man Tian’s expression had changed. At this moment, he knew that he’d been quite careless. Unfortunately, it was too late to regret it.

Bang!

Man Tian was blasted away, and he flew for almost 3km. Scale after scale flew off into the air while his figure flew, and the scales were accompanied by fountains of blood. It was quite a magnificent scene.

Zhuang Weiran shook her head.

Man Tian’s strength was actually not bad. At the very least, it was comparable to a Deity. If he didn’t act carelessly and look down on Yang Ye, then he could fight Yang Ye. Unfortunately, he was too confident in his Dark Turtle Guard. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

There were those in the lower dimensions who dared to stand still and take that attack directly, but that absolutely didn’t include Man Tian.

He was courting death by doing that.

After flying for almost 3km, Man Tian finally crashed to the ground. His scales had vanished, and his entire body had cracked apart. Blood was seeping out incessantly from the cracks that had spread like a spiderweb throughout his body. It only took an instant for blood to cover his entire body.

Man Tian laid on the ground without moving at all. He wasn’t dead; he just couldn’t move.

Man Tian had lost the ability to fight after suffering Yang Ye’s attack.

Yang Ye walked slowly towards Man Tian. Zhuang Weiran glanced at Yang Ye and hesitated to speak. After hesitating for a while, she was just about to speak when Ye Liuyun grabbed her hand, and then Ye Liuyun shook her head at Zhuang Weiran.

Ye Liuyun was very well aware that it would be better if Zhuang Weiran didn’t say anything in such a situation and when dealing with something like this.

Yang Ye arrived in front of Man Tian, and then he looked down at Man Tian. Man Tian was looking at Yang Ye as well, and the ferocity and madness in his eyes was still there.

Yang Ye didn’t say anything. He just shook his head, and then he turned around and left.

“Yang Ye! Yang Ye!” Man Tian suddenly started howling hysterically like a madman. If Yang Ye just struck him again, then that would be better. After all, he would still have some dignity left. But Yang Ye didn’t. The disregard Yang Ye showed, and especially when it was done to him while Zhuang Weiran watched. It made it worse than death to him.

When Yang Ye arrived before Zhuang Weiran and Ye Liuyun, Zhuang Weiran looked him in the eyes and asked, “Why didn’t you kill him?”

Yang Ye smiled and answered with a question, “Do you want me to?”

She remained silent for a long time, and then she said, “Regardless of what you choose, I’ll stand by your side.”

Yang Ye was amused when he heard this. He’d thought that she didn’t want him to kill Man Tian. It wasn’t because she had any feelings for Man Tian, it was because she knew him. Even though she didn’t have any feelings for him, they’d known each other, so he felt that she would definitely not want him to kill Man Tian.

But he hadn’t expected her to say that. Obviously, he was the most important to her.

Actually, he wasn’t a very magnanimous person. Man Tian had clearly intended to kill him. So, if he acted based on his character, then he would have ended Man Tian’s life. However, he felt that it wasn’t necessary. Firstly, he really didn’t take Man Tian seriously. After all, not to mention that he was a Voider now, he could even fight 10 pieces of trash like Man Tian while he was an Emperor!

Secondly, he felt that it was better to keep Man Tian alive. Because living was worse than death for Man Tian right now!

Bang!

Suddenly, a powerful aura appeared in the sky, and then an old man in a yellow robe appeared by Man Tian’s side.

A Deity!

Everyone here gazed at the old man. Obviously, he was an expert of Wildlands Stellar Region. Because his figure was unlike an ordinary person.

The old man’s face fell when he noticed the miserable state Man Tian was in, and then he gazed at Yang Ye and the others, “All of you did this?”

Yang Ye nodded, “To be precise, I did it.”

The old man’s gaze descended onto Yang Ye, and he had a ferocious expression on his face, “How dare you?!”

Yang Ye gazed at the old man for a few breaths of time, and then he waved his right hand, “Kill him.”

Everyone was stunned, and then they gazed at Yang Ye. Because they felt like they’d misheard him.

Even the old man was slightly stunned. Kill?

Yang Ye glanced at all the others here, and then he nodded, “No one is doing it, then I’ll do it myself!”

As soon as Yang Ye finished speaking, his figure shot at the yellow robed old man. Once he arrived in front of the old man, Yang Ye didn’t waste his breath at all and just drew his sword swiftly.

Extreme rage instantly covered the old man’s face when he saw Yang Ye attack. But at the moment Yang Ye drew his sword, the old man’s expression changed drastically, and then a pitch-black hammer instantly appeared in his grasp before he slammed it at Yang Ye.

Bang!

A loud explosion resounded, and then the pitch-black hammer was blasted apart in an instant while Yang Ye was pushed backwards repeatedly. However, he’d stopped after moving around 30m back. As for the old man, he’d been pushed over 1km back. Moreover, his right arm that was holding the hammer had vanished.

His right arm had been blasted apart along with the hammer!

Yang Ye looked up at the old man. Needless to say, this Deity before him was quite strong. After all, while the old man had lost an arm from going head-on against him, it wasn’t a very serious injury.

Meanwhile, the old man was looking at Yang Ye. At this moment, a solemn expression covered his face. Fortunately, he hadn’t underestimated Yang Ye at all just now. Otherwise, that attack might have taken his life!

Both of their gazes met, and then Yang Ye suddenly vanished on the spot and shot towards the old man. Meanwhile, Zhuang Weiran had charged forward as well. When they saw Zhuang Weiran attack, Zhuang Weitian, Qian Yaochan, and Elder Yuan’s group hurriedly charged at the old man as well.

The yellow robed old man was at a loss for words.

How could he possibly resist the joint forces of 7 Deities?

In just a few breaths of time, the old man was killed. This time, Yang Ye had told them to only kill the old man but not destroy the old man’s body. So, Yang Ye obtained the corpse of a Deity.

Actually, the old man died quite an aggrieving death. He hadn’t expected Yang Ye and the others would dare to attack him. After all, he was from Wildlands Stellar Region. If he’d known that Yang Ye’s group was prepared to enter into war with Wildlands Stellar Region, then he wouldn’t have come. Or it should be said that he wouldn’t have dared to come here.

Of course, the main reason was because Yang Ye was here. Regardless of whether it was Zhuang Weitian, Zhuang Weiran, or the others, none of them had considered killing the old man. Because killing the old man represented that Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region was really going to collide with Wildlands Stellar Region. It could be said that both sides had no way out now!

But as far as Yang Ye was concerned, the battle was bound to happen. So, why shouldn’t they kill one of the enemy’s Deities right now?

Being weak in a war wasn’t a problem, but one’s morale couldn’t be lacking. How would one fight a war without a high morale?

The yellow robed old man had acted high and mighty since he’d arrived, and he acted like they wouldn’t dare to touch him because he was from Wildlands Stellar Region. So, if they really didn’t do anything to the old man or didn’t dare to do it, then it was obvious how arrogantly the old man would act. As they say, give it a little sunshine and it’ll shine brilliantly.

Meanwhile, Ye Liuyun glanced at Man Tian who was still lying on the ground, and she asked, “What do we do with him?”

Yang Ye glanced indifferently at Man Tian and said, “Help me send a message to Wildlands Stellar Region. Tell them that their young master insulted me, and it caused extremely severe adverse effects to my reputation. Moreover, I’m unable to sleep or eat because of his insults. In short, tell them to compensate me with 100,000 divine crystals for emotional damages. I’ll take their young master’s head as payment if they give me even a single divine crystal less!”

All the others here felt speechless.

Extortion! It was undisguised extortion!

Ye Liuyun glanced at Yang Ye. She immediately nodded when she noticed that Yang Ye didn’t seem to be joking, “Alright!”

Yang Ye glanced at the others and said, “I have something to do. So, we have to delay reclaiming those worlds for a while.”

Elder Yuan nodded, “We’ll just stay in Clouds of Heaven City. You just have to notify us when you want to head out.”

Yang Ye nodded, and then he vanished on the spot.

Once Yang Ye left, Elder Yuan’s group immediately left as well. After that, Zhuang Weitian suddenly laughed bitterly, “Weiran, his character is really... quite extreme.”

Needless to say, he was really quite worried with Yang Ye leading Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region. Because Yang Ye’s character was really not suitable for a leader. After all, he was really too good at causing trouble.

Zhuang Weiran shook her head slightly, “He has always been like that. But it isn’t a bad thing. We lack a domineering leader right now.”

Zhuang Weitian laughed bitterly, “He isn’t just domineering.”

“It’s fine!” Zhuang Weiran shook her head and said, “He seems rash, but he’s actually able to see further than most people.”

“Fine!” Zhuang Weitian nodded, “Are you really going to send your younger brother into exile?”

Zhuang Weiran gazed at Zhuang Weitian and said, “It’s beneficial to him. He’ll never grow while he has our protection. If he’s unwilling to leave, then ask him to come see me.” She walked away once she finished speaking.

“Actually, Weiran isn’t wrong!” Meanwhile Qian Yaochan said, “Ming’er really does lack tempering. Heading out to temper himself will be very beneficial to his future growth. Just take a look at Yang Ye. Regardless of whether it’s his strength or mentality, the difference between him and Yang Ye is truly too huge.”

Zhuang Weitian nodded, “He really is very inferior. Even though Yang Ye frequently goes to extremes, I have to admit that he’s really not bad. At the very least, he’s sincere to Weiran. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have slaughtered Celestial Demon City for her.”

Qian Yaochan nodded, “We’ve grown old. Let the young do as they please. All we can do is stand behind them and support them.”

Zhuang Weitian nodded, “Let’s go explain everything to Ming’er and help him understand!”

As soon as he finished speaking, both of them vanished on the spot.

...

Yang Ye’s room.

Yang Ye went to the 3rd level of the Primordial Pagoda, and the yellow robed old man’s corpse was in front of him.

A Sword Servant at the Deity Realm!