Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1424 – Kill Him If You Can!

Yang Ye had never refined a Deity’s corpse into a Sword Servant. If it was in the past, he wouldn’t be confident in his ability to succeed. Yet now, he was a Voider. Regardless of whether it was his mind or soul, both of them had been improved tremendously. So, refining the corpse of a Deity into a Sword Servant wasn’t that difficult anymore.

However, it didn’t go very smoothly. After all, refining a Sword Servant didn’t just rely on the energy of the spirit and soul, it relied on sword intent as well. But his sword intent was just at the Rebirth Realm, so he did encounter quite a bit of trouble while refining it.

Fortunately, his sword intent’s strength was sufficient with the help of the Sword God’s Seal.

Just like that, around 10 days passed before Yang Ye succeeded.

A Sword Servant at the Deity Realm!

Once he finished refining it, Yang Ye immediately sent it to Dark Hell Continent.

He’d never been worried about himself; he was worried about Dark Hell Continent. Based on his current strength, ordinary Deities couldn’t harm him at all. But if a Deity headed to Dark Hell Continent, then the experts there wouldn’t be able to resist that Deity at all. After all, Dark Hell Continent didn’t even have a Semi-Deity!

So, for safety’s sake, he’d sent the Deity Realm Sword Servant back there.

Now that he had a Deity Realm Sword Servant there, it could defend Dark Hell Continent for some time even if it were attacked by Deities. Just that short amount of time would be sufficient for him. Because he’d given a Dimensional Teleportation Flag to the Sword Servant. Thus, it would only take a few breaths of time for him to instantly arrive on Dark Hell Continent!

Now that he didn’t have to worry about Dark Hell Continent, he could finally go all out.

Yang Ye left the Primordial Pagoda and arrived at Wargod Hall.

Zhuang Weiran, Ye Liuyun, Zhuang Weiran, and Elder Yuan’s group were all there.

Yang Ye glanced at them and was about to speak. Suddenly, everyone looked out the hall, and then they exchanged glances before vanishing from the hall.

An old man in a luxurious robe appeared in the sky outside the hall.

An expert from Wildlands Stellar Region!

The reason they were able to discern that he was from Wildlands Stellar Region was that practically all the experts from Wildlands Stellar Region were huge, and they were much larger than ordinary people.

The old man’s gaze descended onto Yang Ye, “You’re Yang Ye!”

Yang Ye’s reputation was absolutely resounding right now. It could be said that practically no one within the lower dimensions didn’t know him. He’d slaughtered a city, and it was even the main city of a medium world. Such an incident hadn’t occurred in a long time. After all, too much killing would incur the wrath of the heavens, and it might even cause the Eye of the Heaven Dao to descend.

So, even if two stellar regions went to war, they would usually not slaughter cities and only slaughter the main forces of the enemy stellar region.

But Yang Ye had actually slaughtered an entire city.

A butcher!

Yang the Butcher!

It was a new nickname Yang Ye had obtained.

Yang Ye nodded and said, “I am!”

The old man asked, “Where’s my young master?”

Yang Ye replied with a question, “Where are the divine crystals?”

The old man gazed at Yang Ye for a long time before he replied, “I don’t have them.”

Yang Ye looked the old man in the eyes and asked, “Then why are you here?”

The old man replied, “Our lord said that we have no divine crystals to give you, and you can kill our young master if you can.”

Yang Ye glanced at Ye Liuyun and said, “Bring Man Tian here!”

Ye Liuyun nodded, and then she turned around and left. A short while passed before Ye Liuyun brought Man Tian here. At this moment, Man Tian was on the verge of death because his injuries hadn’t been treated at all.

Yang Ye flipped his palm, and a sword appeared in his grasp. After that, he waved his right hand. A ray of light flashed, and Man Tian’s head was instantly separated from his body. Once he did that, Yang Ye waved his left hand and sent Man Tian’s head to the old man, “See that?”

The old man gazed at Yang Ye for a long time before he said, “As expected of the Yang the Butcher. I represent Wildlands Stellar Region in proclaiming that Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region will cease to exist from today.”

As soon as he finished speaking, the old man’s figure gradually became ethereal and vanished on the spot.

Regardless of whether it was the experts of Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region or Elder Yuan’s group of three , all of them had solemn expressions on their faces. As far as Zhuang Weiran was concerned, from this moment onward, Wildlands Stellar Region had proclaimed war on Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region. It was a war that they had to win, or they would die. As for Elder Yuan’s group, the war between these two stellar regions represented that they were being dragged deeper into this vortex.

As far as they were concerned, there were only two possible outcomes. They gained even more benefits, or they died in battle and even dragged down Azure Cloud Merchant Group.

The greater the potential benefits, the greater the danger that accompanied it.

However, they were bound to Yang Ye, so they could only follow him to the end. Fortunately, they were always confident in Yang Ye.

Especially because Yang Ye was a Voider now!

Yang Ye gazed at Zhuang Weiran and said, “Which stellar regions have taken control of the two worlds that are closest to us?”

There were two worlds that weren’t too far away from Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region. However, they’d been occupied by other stellar regions. In overall, Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region only had the medium world, Clouds of Heaven Continent, left from amongst the over 100 worlds it had. As for the rest of the worlds, they’d fallen into the hands of others.

Zhuang Weiran pondered deeply for a moment and said, “It’s Nether Blue Stellar Region and Darklight Stellar Region. Besides these two worlds, Brightflame Stellar Region, Blue Salvation Stellar Region, Green Demise Stellar Region, Wildlands Stellar Region, and the others have occupied some of the other worlds.”

Yang Ye nodded, “Come, let’s head to Nether Blue Stellar Region and Darklight Stellar Region!”

The others were stunned when they heard him, and Zhuang Weiran said, “We’re going straight for their headquarters?”

“Of course!” Yang Ye spoke solemnly, “It’s too troublesome to reclaim them one by one, and it won’t solve the root of the problem. It isn’t too difficult for us to crush Darklight Stellar Region and Nether Blue Stellar Region’s main worlds with the strength we possess. Once we’ve dealt with their main worlds, let’s see if they still dare to occupy our worlds. Moreover, since we’re launching a counterattack, we have to make a show of strength. If we’re going to attack, we attack to the death!”

A moment of silence ensued before Zhuang Weiran walked over to Yang Ye’s side, “I agree!”

Since she had no objections, the others naturally didn’t have any as well.

Yang Ye nodded, and then he gazed at Zhuang Weitian and Qian Yaochan, “Uncle, Aunty, please stay and protect Clouds of Heaven City. Leave the rest to us.”

Clouds of Heaven City was their base of operations, so it had to be protected by Deities. After all, if the enemy launched a surprise attack, then wouldn’t Clouds of Heaven City be finished. Now that there were two Deities protecting it and the Dimensional Teleportation Flags Yang Ye possessed, they could return immediately if something happened!

One had to attack with the most ruthless method, but defenses couldn’t be overlooked as well.

It didn’t take long for Yang Ye’s group to leave Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region and enter outer space.

This time, Zhuang Weiran, Elder Yuan’s group, and the two Celestial Demon Wolves had come with Yang Ye, so they were equivalent to a group of seven Deities. Even though Yang Ye wasn’t a Deity, his strength wasn’t inferior to a Deity at all. Most importantly, all seven of them hadn’t relied on external forces to gain their current realms of cultivation, so ordinary Deities couldn’t compare to them at all.

Especially the Celestial Demon Wolves, they were definitely equivalent to ultimate weapons. After all, even the Celestial Demon Lord couldn’t defeat them without activating the Celestial Demon Hegemon Body!

It could be said that their group was sufficient to crush any two star stellar region.

They wouldn’t even fear to face a three star stellar region!

They didn’t utilize teleportation formations because doing so would definitely alarm the enemy. After all, there usually were experts guarding the teleportation formations in one’s worlds, and they were there to prevent surprise attacks. Even Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region had it, but it had lost too many experts. So, no one was guarding the teleportation formation there.

Yang Ye glanced at the surroundings, waved his right hand, and then a Celestial Demon Wolf appeared before him. Elder Yuan and the others’ had solemn expressions on their faces when they saw it.

Because it felt very dangerous to them!

Once it appeared here, it seemed to heave a sigh of relief like a heavy burden had been relieved from it. After all, it was always filled with anxiety while within the Primordial Pagoda. Even though the Primordial Pagoda didn’t suppress it anymore, it would always be worried while it was within the pagoda. Fortunately, Yang Ye had let it out now.

The Celestial Demon Wolf glanced at the surroundings before finally looking at Yang Ye. Its eyes had complicated emotions within them. After all, it had never imagined that it would submit to a human. Even the Celestial Demon Lord had only been working together with them. Yet now, it had submitted to a human Voider. Needless to say, it was a form of humiliation.

However, it didn’t have a choice. Because Yang Ye had a strand of its soul. Moreover, it was extremely afraid of that mysterious thing within Yang Ye that could suppress it. Besides that, Yang Ye had Qiong Qi too. So, it could only dream about turning on Yang Ye.

Yang Ye didn’t care about what the Demon Wolf was thinking. He just shot up and onto the Demon Wolf. A wisp of viciousness instantly flashed through its eyes because it had never been mounted by a human. This wasn’t just a humiliation; it was an absolute humiliation. If other ominous beasts found out, it would be ashamed to live amongst them.

But could it stop Yang Ye?

It really didn’t dare to do so. Because if Yang Ye tossed it into that mysterious world to be suppressed again....

But if it didn’t resist, then how would it live amongst ominous beasts in the future?

Resisting or not was a very serious problem for it!

Yang Ye naturally didn’t care about its dignity amongst ominous beasts. He’d even rode on Qiong Qi, so what was the big deal now?

Once he sat on it, Yang Ye gazed at Zhuang Weiran and stretched out his hand. The latter glanced at Yang Ye, and then flashed over and sat in front of Yang Ye.

Yang Ye didn’t hold back at all and wrapped his arms around her waist. After that, he lightly tapped the sides of the Demon Wolf with his feet, “Let’s go!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The Celestial Demon Wolf felt completely speechless.