Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1445 – A Terrifying Place!

Screech!

A strange and ear piercing cry resounded from behind Yang Ye. It was extremely terrifying because Yang Ye felt like his head was about to explode apart. Moreover, his soul was actually trembling slightly.

What the heck is that? Yang Ye didn’t have the time to think so much about it. He immediately turned around, drew his sword, and swung it.

Hiss!

Space rippled violently, but his sword hit nothing.

There was nothing in front of Yang Ye!

Yang Ye’s face grew even more solemn. He glanced at the surroundings. Only now did he realize that the miasma here was even more terrifying than he’d expected. The visibility he had here was only around 1m, and he couldn’t see anything beyond that distance. The miasma here could be said to be much thicker than it had been in Ominous City last night.

But it was noon right now. So, how terrifying would the miasma here be at night?

Yang Ye remained silent for a moment, and then he flipped his palm. A scroll container appeared in his grasp. The old man from the Shi Clan had given it to him when he entered the teleportation formation. Actually, everyone who entered the Ominous Territory was given one. It was a teleportation scroll. So long as he crushed it, he would be instantly teleported out of the Ominous Territory. He’d never thought about leaving before this. After all, he was quite confident in himself.

Yet now....

This place was really not normal!

Yang Ye took a deep breath and put the scroll away. After that, he waved his right hand, and Big Blackie appeared in front of him. Big Blackie’s pupils constricted when it saw the scene before it, and then Yang Ye noticed deep fear appear in its eyes. Besides fear, there was a trace of horror.

It didn’t take long for it to try and enter the Primordial Pagoda, but Yang Ye stopped it.

So long as he willed it, others couldn’t enter the Primordial Pagoda.

Big Blacked shot Yang Ye a pleading gaze when it saw Yang Ye stop it from entering the Primordial Pagoda.

Yang Ye’s face grew even more solemn when he witnessed this scene. Based on his understanding, both Big Blackie and Little Blackie weren’t adults yet. Yes, these two Celestial Demon Beasts hadn’t reached maturity yet. Even though they weren’t adults, their strength was beyond doubt. It could be said that there really were few in the lower dimensions who were capable of killing them.

But they were so terrified of this place.

In other words, there were existences here that were even more terrifying than them, and those existences weren’t just slightly more terrifying than them!

Even though Big Blackie had become much smaller than before, it was still many times larger than Yang Ye. So, Yang Ye had no choice but to soar up into the air and rub its head while he spoke softly, “What are you afraid of?”

Big Blackie remained silent for a long time before it raised its claw and started waving it about.

Yang Ye’s face darkened when he saw this. Again?!

In the past, the violet mink had done that, and so had Snowy. Now, the Celestial Demon Wolf was doing the same. Actually, it was very normal because not all beasts could speak. Especially one like the Big Blackie who’d rarely met humans in the past. After all, it had rarely encountered humans while living in the Ominous Territory in the past.

Moreover, beasts weren’t fond of speaking the human tongue. Just like how no human was fond of speaking the beast tongue!

Besides Yang Ye!

However, he wasn’t speaking it, and he just understood it!

A short while passed before Yang Ye understood Big Blackie. It was telling him that the Ominous Territory was extremely dangerous, and it was asking him to leave quickly.

Yang Ye remained silent for a long time, and then he said, “I can’t leave. I must get to the Forest of Darkness. Can you take me there?” This damnable place was covered in miasma, so he had no choice but to make Big Blackie lead him to the Forest of Darkness. Otherwise, if he were to search himself, then he really didn’t know how long it would take for him to locate his objective.

Big Blackie hurriedly shook its head and started waving its claws.

It was telling him to leave immediately.

Yang Ye didn’t order Big Blackie by force. After all, it was telling him that for his own good. Yang Ye pondered deeply for a short while and said, “Remember that big fellow who dragged you into me?”

Qiong Qi!

Fear instantly appeared in Big Blackie’s eyes. Even though it was a ferocious beast as well, it was clearly on a lower level than Qiong Qi. Qiong Qi had fought two of them without falling into a disadvantaged position. Most importantly, Qiong Qi wasn’t at his full strength, and his injuries hadn’t been fully healed.

In short, the Celestial Demon Wolves were quite afraid of Qiong Qi.

Yang Ye said, “Are there existences in here that are stronger than him?”

Big Blackie fell silent and seemed to be making a comparison. A long time passed before it nodded.

Yang Ye couldn’t help but clench his fists when he saw this.

There are existences here that are more terrifying than Qiong Qi!

What the heck is this place?This time, Yang Ye had really become serious. He couldn’t just avoid being careless in this place, he had to be absolutely serious as well! Otherwise, he might really lose his life here!

Yang Ye took a deep breath and gazed at the demon wolf. After that, he told it why he was here. He naturally couldn’t just use force when dealing with Big Blackie and Little Blackie. Because if he did that, it would naturally make them have the intent to turn on him. The best method was to form a good relationship with them, just like the one he had with Qiong Qi.

Once he formed a good relationship with them, he wouldn’t have to give them orders anymore. Because they would help him on their own accord!

Big Blackie remained silent for a very long time, and then it nodded and agreed to take Yang Ye.

Actually, while Yang Ye wanted to form a good relationship with them, they wanted to form a good relationship with Yang Ye as well. They were under Yang Ye’s control right now, so it would definitely be extremely beneficial to them if they formed a good relationship with Yang Ye. Moreover, they weren’t so against being bound to Yang Ye anymore.

It was because of the Primordial Pagoda. Actually, they liked living in the Primordial Pagoda. However, the precondition was that it didn’t target them. Otherwise, it wouldn’t be a paradise but hell.

Yang Ye didn’t waste more time. He immediately got on Big Blackie. Even though Big Blackie still wasn’t really willing to let Yang Ye ride him, it didn’t refuse.

In any case, Yang Ye had rode it in the past, so another round wasn’t a big deal.

Just like that, the pair of man and wolf started traveling forward. Big Blackie traveled quite slowly. Yang Ye had asked it to speed up, but it shook its head in response. It didn’t take long for Big Blackie to make Yang Ye understand the reason.

There were too many dangerous things here, so they couldn’t make too much noise. Otherwise, it would draw the attention of many dangerous things. Obviously, those dangerous things were a threat even to Big Blackie.

Yang Ye sized up the surroundings incessantly as he rode Big Blackie. He still felt some lingering fear towards the ear piercing screech from before, and it was mostly because he hadn’t even seen a shadow of its owner!

That mysterious thing had definitely intended to attack him. But for some unknown reason, it had abandoned its intentions.

Perhaps it was because his reaction was too quick and caused its surprise attack to fail, or perhaps there was some other reason. However, no matter what the reason was, that thing’s strength was beyond doubt.

Now, Yang Ye finally understood why even Deities didn’t dare to come here. If an ordinary Deity had faced that situation, then perhaps that Deity would have died on the spot.

After travelling for some time, a ferocious glow suddenly flashed through Big Blackie’s eyes. Meanwhile, Yang Ye frowned as well, and he placed his hand on the hilt of his sword.

“Screech!”

Suddenly, a sharp and ear piercing cry resounded around Yang Ye. It seemed to possess penetrative force, and it caused sharp pain to come from Yang Ye’s mind!

It was a soundwave attack that couldn’t be warded off!

Yang Ye hurriedly released his sword intent and formed an invisible barrier of sword intent around himself. Only then did his head feel slightly better. He glanced at the surroundings, but he didn’t notice anything.

Yang Ye’s face became gloomy. The sharp pain was actually quite terrifying. If an ordinary Deity was caught off guard, then it was very likely for that Deity to be temporarily dazed. But Yang Ye didn’t suffer from such effects because the sharp pain was simply too inferior when compared to the intense pain which he’d suffered from the backlash of his sword intent. He’d even been able to withstand that, so such sharp pain was just normal pain to him.

However, Yang Ye was definitely unhappy because someone or something was watching him from the shadows. But he couldn’t detect its tracks because the miasma could obstruct his divine sense, and that existence was hiding within the miasma! This put him in a very passive position!

Right when Yang Ye felt quite helpless, Big Blackie suddenly raised its front claws and slammed them against the ground.

Boom!

At this moment, the entire ground quaked. It wasn’t just the ground that quaked, even space shook, and then Big Blackie opened its mouth and roared.

Boom!

A terrifying aura surged out explosively from the Celestial Demon Wolf, and then the miasma was blasted away. The miasma was pushed far away, but it didn’t take long for the miasma to surge back around them.

Big Black was ceaselessly scanning the surroundings. Its eyes were filled with a vicious glow, and it roared furiously from time to time.

Yang Ye nodded to himself as he sat on Big Blackie’s back, As expected of an ominous beast. It really is quite terrifying once it gets mad.

After Big Blackie made a show of strength, they didn’t encounter any further danger all along the way. It was mainly because Big Blackie was ceaselessly emanating its aura that belonged to an ominous beast.

Even though it made their journey slightly smoother, Yang Ye still had an extremely solemn expression on his face.

It wasn’t just Yang Ye, even Big Blackie’s eyes were filled with seriousness and vigilance.

Because even though Big Blackie’s aura could force some dangerous things here to dare not look for trouble with them, it may draw the attention of even more terrifying things. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

They were treading on thin ice!

That was how Yang Ye felt after he arrived at this damnable place.

Needless to say, it was really quite aggrieving. With the strength both he and Big Blackie possessed, was there a place in the lower dimensions that they couldn’t go to? However, they had to be absolutely careful at all times while they were here, and they were absolutely afraid that something terrifying would suddenly show itself before them.

After traveling forward for some time, Big Blackie suddenly stopped moving.

Yang Ye was about to speak when he suddenly raised his head and looked forward. The miasma there started to move slowly , and a short while passed before Yang Ye seemed to have seen something, causing his pupils to constrict!