Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1448 – There’s Always Someone Stronger!

Balls of flames!

Numerous fist-sized balls of flames were floating within the miasma not too far ahead from them. These balls of flames seemed like specters that were floating about within the miasma.

There was quite a huge amount of them, and they filled Yang Ye’s field of vision!

It was dangerous!

That was what Yang Ye felt right now. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Big Blackie was clearly extremely terrified, and the hairs on the top of its head were standing on end.

Yang Ye asked, “What are those?”

Big Blackie shook its head.

Yang Ye was quite shocked, “Even you don’t know?”

After all, Big Blackie had been living in the Ominous Territory, yet it actually didn’t know!

It didn’t take long for Yang Ye to understand why. Even though Big Blackie used to live here, it only remained within the confines of its own territory. Or it should be said that it didn’t possess any territory, and it just traveled around the outer area with Little Blackie. Because they didn’t dare to go deep into the Ominous Territory. After all, their strength was sufficient to escape even if they couldn’t defeat the dangers they encountered in the outermost area of the Ominous Territory.

Yang Ye restrained his thoughts and looked at the balls of flame.

What exactly is the Ominous Territory?

Everything within this place is terrifying. If all of them were to leave this place, then perhaps only the large world would be able to resist them.

Everyone was curious, and Yang Ye was no exception.

He wanted to find out about the origins of the Ominous Territory. However, he was very well aware that he didn’t possess such strength yet.

It was quite embarrassing, but he’d thought that once he attained the Voider Realm and Quasi Returnal Rank sword intent, then nothing in the lower dimensions could pose a threat to the joint forces of him, the two Celestial Demon Beasts, and Qiong Qi. However, the cruel reality in the Ominous Territory told him that he, Yang Ye, was just a little bit stronger than some people.

The world was huge, and there were all sorts of things in the world. There were countless experts as well. As they say, there’s always someone stronger!

Yang Ye took a deep breath, and then he looked up towards the distance.

There were two choices before him.

The first was to continue forward, and the second was to go around. As for going back, he’d never thought about that!

Yang Ye remained silent for a moment before his eyes suddenly lit up because he’d almost forgotten something!

The Sword Domain, the Laws of Darkness, and the Spatial Laws!

As soon as he thought about them, Yang Ye immediately sent Big Blackie back into the Primordial Pagoda, and then he started to merge himself with the space around him. However, he wasn’t able to!

Why?

Because the space here was too solid.

Moreover, Yang Ye noticed that some sort of mysterious energy seemed to be present in space, causing him to be unable to enter space at all. It was even impossible to travel through space. The only way to tear space open was by force!

Since he couldn’t merge into space, he could only utilize the Laws of Darkness.

He hadn’t used the Laws of Darkness for a very long time. It wasn’t because he’d forgotten it, but it was quite useless against Semi-Deities and Deities. Experts at the Semi-Deity and Deity Realm possessed comprehensions of the world that were at an extremely formidable level. So, it wasn’t really realistic to think about utilizing the Laws of Darkness to attach himself to their shadow and launch a surprise attack on them!

It wasn’t just the Laws of Darkness, even the Laws of Speed and Decay weren’t very useful to him now. Because his strength had completely surpassed the scope of those Laws.

Now, only the Brink laws were really useful to him!

No, the Laws of Darkness was useful too. For example, now that darkness had descended upon this place, he could utilize the Laws of Darkness. Even though it was useless in battle, it was quite good when used for escaping or concealment. Especially when it was combined with the Sword Domain’s ability to conceal his aura. Ordinary people wouldn’t be able to notice his presence at all.

Once he concealed himself, Yang Ye shot towards the distance.

Even though he was being concealed by the Sword Domain and Laws of Darkness, Yang Ye still didn’t dare to act carelessly at all. This place was extremely mysterious, so he couldn’t guarantee that the Sword Domain and Laws of Darkness would be successful. If he were discovered, then he would be in deep trouble.

Yang Ye gradually grew closer to the balls of flames.

It didn’t take long for the nearest ball of flame to be around 1m away from Yang Ye, and he finally saw it clearly.

Actually, it was a small ball of flame. It was around the size of a watermelon, and it was completely round. Yang Ye noticed that a small being which seemed like a butterfly resided within the ball of light. Actually, based on its appearance, it was a butterfly. However, there was something different about it. Firstly, it seemed like it was made of fire, and it was completely fiery red. Secondly, there were three spikes that were fine like needles on the end of its abdomen.

At this moment, the little fellow seemed to be sleeping.

Even though Yang Ye was curious about what it was, he wasn’t stupid enough to disturb the little fellow’s sleep. Perhaps it was because of the ball of flame, but his divine sense couldn’t scan the butterfly and determine its realm of cultivation. However, it was obvious that the butterfly was definitely not ordinary.

After all, could anything capable of living in the Ominous Territory be ordinary?

The ordinary beings were definitely dead by now!

Yang Ye sized it up for a moment, and then he vanished on the spot. A chill couldn’t help but run down Yang Ye’s spine as he passed through this place. Because there were at least over 10,000 small balls of fire here!

Even if they were just Semi-Deities, it would be over 10,000 Semi-Deities!

I have to leave as soon as possible! Yang Ye sped up, but he didn’t dare to move too quickly as he was afraid of waking them up. If he were to wake them up now and be detected by them, then he would definitely die.

Yang Ye suddenly stopped after walking for a while. Because there was a huge ball of flames not too far ahead. That ball of flames was at least three times larger than the others here. There was a butterfly shaped demon beast within it as well. Yang Ye didn’t know what it was, so he considered them to be demon beasts for now.

The demon beast within the large ball of flames wasn’t just larger than the others, it was dark red in color while the others were just light red.

Obviously, it was the leader!

If I get it under my control, then will it be equivalent to taking control of all the other little fellows?

Such a thought had suddenly appeared in Yang Ye’s mind, and it scared him. After all, it was too insane. If it really was possible, then he could sweet through the entire lower dimensions with the help of these balls of flames. However, he was only thinking about it. Because if he failed, then he would be courting death.

Moreover, his objective was the Forest of Darkness and not these balls of flames.

Yang Ye glanced at the big ball of flames, and then his figure shook slightly and vanished on the spot.

Yang Ye heaved a sigh of relief when he left the area.

This place was truly too mysterious. Moreover, this was just the outer area, and the inner area was beyond Yellow Springs River. But just this area was already so mysterious and terrifying, so what was it like beyond Yellow Springs River?

How about the deepest parts of the Ominous Territory?

What was it like there?

Yang Ye was curious, absolutely curious. However, he wouldn’t go have a look. Curiosity killed the cat, and he knew that very well.

As far as he was concerned, he intended to leave once he got the Spring of Life.

In any case, he didn’t want to stay here a moment longer than what was necessary.

After he left the area, Yang Ye didn’t continue forward, and he found a spot to sit down cross-legged instead. The battle at Rock Mountain had consumed a huge amount of his profound energy, so he had to recover it first. Besides that, his physical strength had to recover as well. He had to maintain his peak strength at all times while he was here.

Yang Ye sat down cross-legged, closed his eyes, and started madly absorbing the energy within the divine crystals he placed around himself.

He immersed his consciousness into his body. Even though he hadn’t entered the Primordial Pagoda, he could sense and see everything within the Primordial Pagoda.

Xiao Yuxi was still cultivating at the 3rd level. Presently, she was cultivating like a mad woman. It was mainly because she hoped to help Yang Ye, and she didn’t want to be a burden to him. Yang Ye’s footsteps were too quick, and it was so quick that An Nanjing was his only partner that could follow closely behind him.

Fortunately, she had the cultivation room on the 3rd level, so her speed of cultivation was improved, and it wasn’t that impossible to catch up to Yang Ye now.

Yang Ye watched her for a while before he looked at the Celestial Demon Wolves. At this moment, both of them were lying on the ground and greedily absorbing the spirit energy in the surroundings. The spirit energy in the Primordial Pagoda wasn’t just pure, it was extremely abundant. So, it was like a paradise to them.

However, there was a trace of worry in both their eyes.

Because Yang Ye was in the Ominous Territory!

As far as they were concerned, whether Yang Ye could leave safely was absolutely uncertain!

Yang Ye withdrew his consciousness and focused on absorbing the spirit energy within the divine crystals.

Around an hour later, Yang Ye opened his eyes and continued forward.

At this moment, it was late at night, and the miasma in the surroundings was dense to a horrifying degree.

It was absolutely impossible to see anything!

Presently, his divine sense couldn’t even leave his body, and he could see nothing besides miasma. Even if he lowered his head, he couldn’t see his own feet. Besides that, the miasma was extremely corrosive, and even his dual Quasi Returnal Rank intents were barely able to protect him. Moreover, the miasma was still growing thicker.

Presently, Yang Ye felt like someone who was blind and deaf.

Suddenly, he stopped moving, glanced at the surroundings, and then frowned.

Something feels off!

Yang Ye observed his surroundings carefully, but he didn’t find anything.

Was I mistaken? Yang Ye shook his head. He was concealing himself with the Laws of Darkness and the Sword Domain, so he felt that he should be safe. Moreover, there was no movement around him.

Even though he couldn’t see anything, he could detect movements if there was any.

Yang Ye continued forward. However, a pale hand suddenly descended onto his shoulder!