Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1599 - The Nether Pavilion’s Star Controller Bureau!

Translator: InVader

Needless to say, Yang Ye was quite stunned. Because he was in the Primordial Pagoda, so how could someone launch a surprise attack on him while he was in here?

It didn’t take long for Yang Ye to realize that it wasn’t a person who’d attacked him, and it was the Primordial Pagoda!

It was the Primordial Pagoda that had attacked him!

Yang Ye shot a glance upwards and said, “Brother, what are you doing?!”

Meanwhile, Little Sky suddenly appeared in front of Yang Ye, and then she raised her leg and kicked Yang Ye lightly on the head, “Fool! You’re such a fool!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Yang Ye was quite puzzled, “What do you mean?”

She hit his head again and said, “Fool! It’s too strong. If you execute it here, it’ll harm the core of this place. So, it naturally won’t allow you to execute such a powerful technique here. Understand?”

Yang Ye was stunned, and then he understood everything. The world in the 1st level of the Primordial Pagoda had just been formed, and it was equivalent to a medium world. It could endure the might of ordinary techniques, but it couldn’t endure techniques like Heaven Obliteration.

Yang Ye seemed to have thought of something, and then he gazed at Little Sky and asked, “Little Sky, does this world have an Eye of the Heaven Dao?”

She blinked, “I don’t think so. Do you want me to foster one for you?”

Yang Ye was stunned, “They can be fostered?”

Little Sky nodded, “Of course. I can foster an obedient one for you. Moreover, I think that this world needs someone to manage it. Otherwise, it’ll be ruined.”

Yang Ye thought for a moment and replied, “Let’s talk about this later.”

She nodded slightly. She was about to say something when she suddenly frowned. She fell silent for an instant and said, “Someone has come!”

As soon as she finished speaking, she vanished on the spot.

In the starry sky in Merak System, an old man suddenly appeared there. He looked down at Sky Sky Continent, and a long time passed before he nodded slightly, “As expected!”

Suddenly, Little Sky appeared not too far away from the old man.

She gazed at him and asked, “The Nether Pavilion?”

“The Nether Pavilion?” The old man was slightly stunned, and then he shook his head, “No.” He sized up Little Sky and continued, “I’m Ku Ya. I’m from Ringworld System that’s 100,000 lightyears away. I’m here on behalf of Ringworld System.”

Little Sky asked in an indifferent tone, “What are you here for?”

The old man said, “I’m sure you’re very well aware of the situation you’re in right now. My Ringworld System can help you resist the Nether Pavilion, but we have a condition. Merak System must become my Ringworld System’s subordinate system.”

Little Sky shook her head, “Merak System won’t become a subordinate system for anyone.”

The old man fell silent for a short while, and then he said, “My Ringworld System is very sincere. We won’t imprison you, and you’ll remain as the lord of this system. Moreover, we won’t plunder this universe without restraint. However, we’ll need you and Merak System to help on certain occasions!”

Little Sky shook her head again, “Merak System won’t become a subordinate system for anyone. Tell the leader of Ringworld System that my Merak System doesn’t want to become enemies with your system, but we aren’t afraid as well.”

The old man gazed at Little Sky for a long time before he spoke again, “You seem to be very confident in yourself. However, I believe that if you truly gain a comprehensive understanding of the situation your system is currently in, I’m afraid you wouldn’t refuse so quickly!”

Little Sky looked up at the starry sky, remained silent for a long time, and then suddenly said, “I’ve never feared anyone.”

The old man glanced at Little Sky and said, “I understand. Farewell!” As soon as he finished speaking, he vanished on the spot.

Yang Ye appeared by Little Sky’s side and asked, “Was that an expert from a different universe?”

Little Sky nodded, and then she gazed at him, “Do you know why they plan to bully us?”

Yang Ye was puzzled, “Why?”

Little Sky laughed coldly, “Because our universe is governed by non-interference. Simply speaking, the Lord of the Heaven Dao didn’t forcefully govern this universe, and the Lord of the Heaven Dao allowed the living beings here to grow freely instead. The benefit of this is that the living beings in Merak System are free, and the disadvantage is that there’s no unity and cooperation in our universe. Just see for yourself. It doesn’t matter if it’s the human race, demon race, or any other race. None of them show any intention to help.”

She shook her head and continued, “But in other universes… In any case, it’s not like this in some of the other universes I know of. For example, that Ringworld System from before. If I’m not wrong, there’s a powerful regime governing it. Perhaps it was built by humans, or maybe it was built by the Lord of the Heaven Dao. If enemies invade them, that regime there can command all the living beings of their universe.”

Yang Ye said, “Then will you be creating a regime to govern the living beings, clans, and powers here?”

Little Sky shook her head, “I think that everyone is equal. No one should enslave another. What do you think?”

Yang Ye shook his head, “I think that you’re too positive about everything.”

Little Sky chuckled. She was about to speak when she suddenly looked up, and then the smile on her face slowly vanished.

Meanwhile, the young boy, Qin, and the Heavenblaze Emperor Flame appeared by Little Sky’s side.

Little Sky glanced at them and said, “I’m sorry for implicating all of you in this!”

The boy grinned, “Don’t mention it.”

Qin took Little Sky’s hand and spoke softly, “Your business is my business.”

The Heavenblaze Emperor Flame spoke as well, “Protecting this world isn’t just your business, it’s ours too.”

Little Sky glanced at them and spoke softly, “Thank you!”

Meanwhile, Yang Ye suddenly looked far away into outer space. The space there had suddenly started to tremble.

It didn’t take long for a woman in violet armor to walk out slowly from that expanse of space. She had a tall and slender body and a gorgeous appearance, but she carried a faint strand of baleful energy, causing others to dare not look directly at her.

The woman suddenly looked down at Little Sky, and then she tapped her finger in Little Sky’s direction.

Bang!

A shooting star suddenly appeared there, and it descended in Little Sky’s direction. In the beginning, the shooting star was very small, but it gradually grew larger and larger. In the end, it made Yang Ye’s expression change drastically!

It was no shooting star!

It was an entire star!

When it arrived above Merak System, it covered the entire expanse of space above Merak System! Moreover, it even carried a strand of peerlessly overbearing and terrifying energy.

Yang Ye had an extremely solemn expression on his face because she was extraordinarily strong!

Suddenly, the young boy took a step forward, and then he stretched out his right hand and slapped it upwards.

A huge palm that could hold up the sky suddenly appeared above them, and then it slammed against the shooting star.

Boom!

A huge explosion surged through the surroundings, and then countless waves of energy erupted towards the surroundings. Besides that, Sky Sky Continent was trembling violently, and it seemed like it was on the verge of collapse.

Meanwhile, Qin took two steps forward, and then she stretched out her arms, “Void!”

As soon as she spoke, a mysterious force appeared. In an instant, the violet energy started to disperse, and it didn’t take long for all the energy to vanish without a trace, allowing the area to return to calm.

Meanwhile, Yang Ye noticed that both the young boy and Qin had solemn expressions on their faces.

Yang Ye looked up into outer space. At this moment, a man and a woman had appeared by the woman in armor. The woman was Fan Yinyu. At this moment, she’d recovered her previous appearance.

A moment later, the woman in violet armor appeared in front of Little Sky and the others.

Little Sky glanced at her and asked, “The Nether Pavilion’s master?”

A wisp of ridicule appeared on the corners of the woman’s mouth, “Would our pavilion master even need to act against all of you? I’m from one of the three Nether Bureaus, the Star Controller Bureau. The pavilion master said that if you are willing to surrender, then we can let you live; if you refuse, then… Hmph!” A fierce expression appeared on her face as she finished speaking.

Little Sky didn’t answer the woman. She just turned to look at the boy, “Be careful!”

The boy nodded, and then he gazed at the woman, “Come! Let me experience the strength of the so-called Star Controller Bureau.”

As soon as he finished speaking, his figure vanished on the spot.

The woman laughed coldly, tapped her right foot down, and vanished on the spot.

Meanwhile, Fan Yinyu suddenly gazed at Qin, “Do you have another Paramita Flower?”

Qin replied indifferently, “I can still defeat you even without one!”

“Come give it a try!” As soon as Fan Yinyu finished speaking, her figure shook and vanished on the spot.

Little Sky gazed at the last middle aged man from the Nether Pavilion. The middle aged man wore a luxurious robe. If it was based solely on his appearance, there was nothing really exceptional about him.

The middle aged man gazed at the Heavenblaze Emperor Flame, “Bring it!”

He immediately vanished on the spot once he finished speaking.

Little Sky gazed at the Heavenblaze Emperor Flame, “Don’t be careless.”

“Understood!” The Heavenblaze Emperor Flame transformed into a pillar of fire that shot upwards into space.

Yang Ye glanced at the surroundings, and then he frowned, “Little Sky, do you get the feeling that something is off?”

Little Sky frowned slightly. She was just about to speak when give black shadows suddenly appeared around her.

“Imprison!” Five voices suddenly resounded, and then five golden chains instantly locked onto Little Sky.

Yang Ye’s expression changed drastically at the sight of this.