Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1605 - I Dare You To Say Another Word!

Translator: InVader

“Dare to fight me one-on-one?” Yang Ye looked Lin Qi in the eyes, “Don’t talk nonsense with me. All I ask is if you dare to fight me, one-on-one?”

“One-on-one?” A wisp of ridicule curled up on the corners of Lin Qi’s mouth, “What right do you have to fight me one-on-one?”

“Tsk, tsk!” Yang Ye shook his head, “So the future master of Ringworld System is such trash. You know… only the incapable constantly mention who their parents are or who stands behind them. Stop looking around, I’m talking about you.”

Lin Qi was about to speak when the white haired old man suddenly shouted with fury, “You’re courting death!”

As soon as he finished speaking, he was about to attack, but Lin Qi stopped him and gazed at Yang Ye, “You know… being ignorant isn’t scary, but it’s scary to be unaware that you’re ignorant. You…”

Suddenly, Yang Ye drew his sword and pointed it at Lin Qi, “Stop trying to show off. Do you dare or do you not?”

Everyone here couldn’t help but glance at Yang Ye.

The experts from the Nether Pavilion actually had admiration in their eyes.

Regardless of how strong Yang Ye’s strength was, just his courage and spirit had received their acknowledgement. Moreover, men should act like that. Men should just fight! Why talk about background instead? Even if Ringworld System was powerful, it didn’t represent that Lin Qi was too!

Lin Qi’s face instantly became gloomy, “Since you’re in such a rush to die, then I’ll fulfil your wish.” As soon as he finished speaking, he leaped up and shot towards Yang Ye.

At this moment, he had to fight. He couldn’t afford to bear the humiliation he would suffer if news of it spread.

Once Lin Qi arrived around 300m above Yang Ye, a terrifying aura surged out from within him. Everywhere it passed, it caused space to be pressured to the point of rippling!

The Dualism Realm!

Even though Lin Qi was at the Dualism Realm, the aura he emanated was even stronger than some Rebirth Realm experts!

Yang Ye wasn’t surprised by this. Lin Qi was the successor of Ringworld System, so he’d definitely received an enormous number of resources from a young age. Under such circumstances, even a pig would be able to become strong.

Yang Ye remained silent for a moment, and then the Sword God’s Seal lit up on his forehead. After that, his sword intent rose to the Returnal Rank. At the same time, the energy of the Demon God surged through him. A moment later, Yang Ye vanished on the spot.

The Sword of Rebirth!

Yang Ye had used his full strength from the beginning. He naturally had to do that. Because he only had a single opportunity.

As soon as he saw Yang Ye launch this attack, the expression of the white haired old man from Ringworld System had changed, “Watch out!”

He immediately shot forward once he finished speaking. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

At the instant he saw Yang Ye vanish, Lin Qi’s face had become extremely unsightly. He knew that he’d underestimated his opponent, he’d truly underestimated his opponent. He didn’t have time to think further. He just flipped his palm, and a black round shield appeared in his grasp. At the same time, his profound energy surged madly into it.

A moment later, the tip of a sword stabbed against the shield.

Bang!

The shield shattered into bits that covered the area. Lin Qi was astounded. He was about to flee, but it was too late. The tip of a sword had arrived on the center of his forehead.

He’d lost!

He’d lost from just a single exchange of blows!

The old man who’d arrived just 300m away from Yang Ye and Lin Qi stopped. Disbelief filled his eyes. He hadn’t expected his young master to actually be unable to resist even a single attack from a Dualism Realm cultivator.

After all, Lin Qi was an extraordinary genius even in Ringworld System!

The Nether Pavilion’s Master glanced at Yang Ye. She didn’t say anything, but there was a wisp of surprise in her eyes.

“Young Master Lin!” Suddenly, Fan Yinyu said, “Your opponent is Merak System’s number one sword cultivator, and he may be its number one genius as well. Your loss isn’t undeserving at all.”

Even though Yang Ye had been of no use in the battle between Merak System and the Nether Pavilion, the Nether Pavilion had never underestimated Yang Ye.

Lin Qi stared at Yang Ye and said, “I didn’t realize.”

Yang Ye looked Lin Qi in the eyes, “Tell your forces to leave Merak System immediately and swear on your souls that you’ll never step foot in Merak System again.”

If it was up to him, he wanted to kill Lin Qi right now. But he was very well aware that killing Lin Qi wouldn’t be able to resolve the danger that Merak System faced. That was why he’d provoked Lin Qi and made Lin Qi fight him.

Lin Qi laughed coldly when he heard Yang Ye, “Are you joking? You…”

Suddenly, Yang Ye drew his sword and swung it.

Hiss!

Lin Qi’s left arm flew up into the air while accompanied by a strand of blood.

The expressions of the experts from Ringworld System changed drastically from the sight of this. The old man shouted furiously, “Yang Ye! You…”

Yang Ye suddenly gazed at the old man and interrupted the old man, “Shut up! Say another word and I’ll cut off his head!”

“You…” The old man was exasperated, but he didn’t dare to say anything. Because Yang Ye didn’t seem like he was joking. Moreover, the old man’s intuition told him that Yang Ye would really dare to do as he’d said.

Yang Ye turned to look at Lin Qi. At this moment, Lin Qi’s face was extremely gloomy, “In all my life, it’s the first time…”

“Shut up!” Yang Ye pressed his sword closer to Lin Qi. In an instant, his sword pierced Lin Qi’s skin, causing Lin Qi’s voice to stop abruptly. It didn’t take long for a string of blood to seep out from there and cover Lin Qi’s face in blood.

Yang Ye gazed at Lin Qi, “I’ll ask one last time. Tell them to leave Merak System immediately and guarantee that you’ll never step foot in Merak System again!”

Lin Qi gazed at Yang Ye for a short while, and then he revealed a fierce smile as he said, “Kill me! Do you dare to kill me? Let me tell you that if I die here, then my Ringworld System will crush Merak System…” As he spoke, he pointed at Yang Ye’s chest, “As for you, I guarantee that everyone related to you will suffer the most brutal torture in this world. You…”

Suddenly, Yang Ye’s wrist moved.

Hiss!

Everyone watched as Lin Qi’s head flew up into the air.

The experts from Ringworld System were stunned.

Even the experts from the Nether Pavilion were stunned. They hadn’t expected Yang Ye to actually dare to kill Lin Qi!

Suddenly, the Nether Pavilion’s Master shouted, “Retreat!”

Once they heard her order, the experts from the Nether Pavilion didn’t hesitate to turn around and leave.

Yang Ye glanced at the Nether Pavilion’s Master. He naturally knew why the Nether Pavilion’s Master had chosen to retreat right now. It was because she wanted to watch from afar and reap the final rewards. He’d killed Lin Qi, so he had no doubt that Ringworld System would definitely not let the matter rest!

The Nether Pavilion was retreating now because it wanted Ringworld System and Merak System’s forces to be severely injured in battle, and then it would reap the benefits!

Did he kill Lin Qi impulsively?

Of course not!

When he heard Lin Qi just now, he suddenly understood something. It was that he couldn’t entrust his hopes on others. Needless to say, asking Ringworld System to leave Merak System and swear to never step foot in Merak System again was quite childish!

If you had sufficient strength, others would naturally not dare to bully you; but if you didn’t have sufficient strength, then even a hundred oaths would be useless!

“Don’t you think it isn’t right to just leave like that?” Suddenly, a voice resounded from far away in outer space, and then a middle aged man appeared out of thin air.

The expressions of the white haired old man and the other experts from Ringworld System changed when they saw the middle aged man, and then they quickly bowed respectfully to him and spoke in unison, “Patriarch!”

The Lin Clan’s Patriarch! Yang Ye’s eyes narrowed slightly. He hadn’t expected the leader of Ringworld System to be here. Ringworld System didn’t have a Lord of the Heaven Dao because the Lin Clan was the strongest power in Ringworld System and the one who established the rules and order in Ringworld System. So, the Lin Clan’s Patriarch was naturally the leader of Ringworld System.

The Nether Pavilion’s Master glanced at the Lin Clan’s Patriarch and said, “Looks like your Lin Clan is determined to obtain this Sprite Lord and Lord of the Heaven Dao!”

The Lin Clan’s Patriarch gazed at Little Sky and said, “She’s supported by the energy of all things in this universe. Both you and I are no match for her in this universe. We may stand a chance if we join forces. So, how about we join forces? Once it’s done, Merak System will belong to your Nether Pavilion while the Lord of the Heaven Dao and the Sprite Lord will belong to my Lin Clan. What do you think?”

The Nether Pavilion’s Master fell silent.

Meanwhile, the Lin Clan’s Patriarch added, “If you retreat now, my Lin Clan will retreat too.”

The Nether Pavilion’s Master glanced at the Lin Clan’s Patriarch, and then she said, “Fine. Merak System will go to my Nether Pavilion while the Lord of the Heaven Dao and Sprite Lord will go to your Lin Clan!”

The Lin Clan’s Patriarch grinned when he heard this, and then he gazed at Yang Ye, “Even though that son of mine didn’t really live up to my expectations, he was still my son. Just killing you would be letting you off too lightly. How about we do this? My Lin Clan needs a watchdog. So you’ll take that job, alright?”

Yang Ye’s eyes narrowed slightly. He was about to speak when a voice suddenly resounded from far away in outer space, “You want a member of my Yang Clan to be your watchdog?”

As soon as the voice finished resounding, a woman suddenly appeared here. Her gaze immediately descended onto the Lin Clan’s Patriarch, “If you’re still alive in 15 minutes from now, then the Lin Clan in Ringworld System will vanish from this world.”

Everyone who heard this felt speechless.