Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1608 - I’m Going Back To Kill!

Translator: InVader

Yang Ye stared at the black robed man, “I don’t offend those who don’t offend me, but if someone does offend me, I’ll definitely kill them.”

“You?” A wisp of ridicule curled up on the corners of the black robed man’s mouth, “As far as Master is concerned, you’re weaker than an ant. The reason we’re wasting our strength to kill you is because we want to put an end to some people’s thoughts.”

As soon as he finished speaking, he suddenly clawed at Yang Ye. In an instant, the space around Yang Ye froze, and then Yang Ye’s figure started to warp!

Yang Ye was shocked because he didn’t even have the ability to move right now!

At this moment, he finally understood how terrifying Zenith Realm experts were. They weren’t existences that he could resist right now.

Suddenly, he felt the space around him tremble, and then Little Sky appeared in front of him. After that, she slapped her palm on his shoulder.

Bam!

Yang Ye was instantly pushed out of that expanse of space. Meanwhile, the space around Little Sky collapsed and was obliterated!

In an instant, the entire area became ethereal.

Yang Ye was stunned. He stared at that expanse of collapsed space, and it didn’t take long for it to return to normal. Little Sky appeared there as well. However, Yang Ye’s expression had changed because Little Sky’s body was actually slowly becoming translucent. Moreover, Yang Ye noticed that the vitality within her was flowing away swiftly.

Yang Ye appeared by her side. He gazed at her body that was growing gradually translucent and spoke in a trembling voice, “Aren’t… aren’t… aren’t you protected by the energy of all things? Aren’t… aren’t you invincible as well? You…”

Little Sky revealed a pale smile, “Silly! I absorbed the energy of all things, so I need to rest for some time before I can do it again. I’m not even stronger than you without the energy of all things.”

Yang Ye spoke in a trembling voice, “Then why did you do this?”

She cracked a smile, “Because we’re friends!”

“The Soul of the Heaven Dao!” Suddenly, the black robed man spoke, “A mature Lord of the Heaven Dao is perfect to be made into an equipment spirit. I presume Master will definitely be very happy!” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

As soon as he finished speaking, he stretched out his hand and made a grasping motion. In an instant, Little Sky’s figure trembled, and then her soul instantly transformed into a black ray of light that fell into the black robed man’s grasp.

Om!

Suddenly, a sword howl resounded, and then a ray of sword energy shot up from below. It was extremely swift and instantly arrived before the black robed man.

The black robed man revealed a slight smile of ridicule when he saw the sword energy, “Ant!”

As soon as he finished speaking, he waved his right hand. Yang Ye’s sword energy instantly vanished without a trace. It was like it had never existed.

Suddenly a terrifying aura surged out from within Yang Ye. It didn’t take long for his entire body to be covered in a thin layer of golden light. At the same time, the Sword God’s Seal lit up brilliantly on his forehead!

Dual intents and the energy of the Demon God!

A moment later, Yang Ye vanished on the spot, and a ray of light flashed at the exact same moment.

The Sword of Rebirth!

A wisp of surprise flashed through the black robed man’s eyes, “That sword technique isn’t bad. Unfortunately, you’re still an ant!”

As soon as he finished speaking, he slapped his right palm forward.

Bang!

The space in an area of around 10km before him collapsed. Moreover, a mysterious wave of energy was ceaselessly destroying everything within the pick black hole in space.

Rumble!

Rumbling explosions and sword howls were ceaselessly resounding from within the black hole. A few breaths of time later, the black hold finally calmed down slowly. It didn’t take long for that expanse of space to recover completely.

At this moment, Yang Ye was 30km away. His body had cracked open completely, and it seemed like he’d been cut a million times. His entire body was covered in blood, and it made him seem quite terrifying.

The gap between them was too huge!

The Dualism Realm was an entire two realms below the Zenith Realm! It was utterly impossible to close such a gap with external sources of strength!

Yang Ye looked up at the black robed man from below. Or to be more precise, he looked up at the black robed man’s left hand. Little Sky’s soul was there.

Roar!

Suddenly, a furious roar resounded through the sky, and then the Sky Devil Beast appeared here. Its gaze instantly descended onto the black robed man, and then it charged at him.

It was extremely swift!

Bang!

However, it only took a moment for the Sky Devil Beast to be slapped over 30km away!

Absolute suppression!

A wisp of ridicule curled up on the black robed man’s mouth, “A low level ant from a low level world!”

As he spoke, he gazed at Yang Ye, “Every generation is worse than the previous. During your father’s time, even Zenith Realm experts were powerless before him at your age. However, you’re quite extraordinary to have been able to attain such strength without relying on the Yang Clan or activating the Mad Demon Bloodline. But as far as I’m concerned, you’re still an ant!”

Once he finished speaking, he stretched his right hand forward in Yang Ye’s direction and clenched his fist. It seemed like he’d grabbed the entire area with this gesture, causing the space in a huge area down below to crack apart. Moreover, Yang Ye’s figure even started warping and becoming ethereal in an instant. It seemed like he was about to be shattered!

A wisp of ferocity flashed through Yang Ye’s eyes. He clenched his right fist tightly and was about to execute Heaven Obliteration. However, a huge palm suddenly flashed by, and then the area Yang Ye stood at collapsed and was obliterated in an instant. But Yang Ye’s figure was around 10km away.

Yang Xuan was standing by his side!

Yang Xuan gazed at the black robed man who stood at the front, “I never expected you brothers to come here. Was it Second Brother who sent you, or was it that woman, Yang Danqing?”

The black robed man glanced at Yang Xuan, “I never expected The Phoenix Commander to actually come personally to get her nephew. As expected, it’s as Third Young Miss said, it seems like some people really do have some phantasies! But Phoenix Commander, do you think this nephew of yours can compete with Third Young Miss and Second Young Miss? Not to mention them, even the other young masters aren’t existences that your nephew can compete with. Right?”

Yang Xuan spoke indifferently, “That’s none of your business!”

The black robed man nodded slightly and said, “Since you’ve stepped forward for him, then we have to give you face. Farewell.”

As soon as he finished speaking, he was about to leave. However, Yang Ye suddenly said, “Leave Little Sky’s soul behind.” He drew his sword and swung it once he finished speaking.

The black robed man waved his right hand, and a ray of bright light flashed and blasted Yang Ye’s sword energy into bits.

A wisp of ridicule curled up on the corners of the black robed man’s mouth, “Allow me to be honest. You’re utterly unworthy of being compared to Second Young Master and Third Young Miss!”

As soon as he finished speaking, he vanished on the spot.

A wisp of ferocity flashed through Yang Ye’s eyes, and then he transformed into a ray of blood red light that shot into the sky. However, Yang Xuan obstructed his path, “You can’t stop them. If they decide to leave, then even ten Zenith Realm experts can’t stop them.”

Yang Ye stared at Yang Xuan, and his eyes were completely blood red, “Move aside!”

She shook her head. Meanwhile, Yang Ye suddenly drew his sword and swung it. A ray of sword energy instantly arrived before her. However, Yang Xuan’s expression didn’t change at all. She just clenched her right fist and slammed it forward.

Bang!

Yang Ye’s sword energy was blasted into bits.

Yang Ye was about to attack again, but Yang Xuan suddenly appeared right in front of him, and then her palm pressed down on his shoulder, “If you go now, you’ll definitely die. If you die, how will you save your friend’s soul? What about your younger sister? Or your wives? Or your daughter?”

Yang Ye’s body trembled slightly when he heard her, and then his eyes gradually became clear once more.

A long time passed before Yang Ye closed his eyes slowly.

Yang Xuan glanced at Yang Ye and said, “Those two from before are a pair of brothers. The one who took your friend’s soul is Yang Shan, and the other one is Yang Shi. Both of them are part of my Yang Clan’s 72 Warriors. They aren’t ordinary Zenith Realm experts. Not to mention you, even the joint forces of me and my subordinates wouldn’t be capable of stopping them!”

Yang Ye suddenly opened his eyes and gazed at her, “Who wants to kill me?”

“Yang Yan and his younger sister, Yang Danqing.” Yang Xuan continued, “Most of the worlds your father conquered fell into their hands. The reason they want to kill you is because they’re afraid their subordinates would suddenly side with you. After all, your father was really popular all those years ago.”

“Yang Yan, Yang Danqing!” Yang Ye slowly clenched his fists.

Meanwhile, Yang Xuan suddenly asked, “Do you blame me?”

Yang Ye gazed at her, “Blame you for what?”

She replied, “For not helping earlier. If I was here earlier, your friend’s soul may not have been…”

Yang Ye suddenly shook his head, “You don’t owe me anything. So, I have no right to blame you! I only blame myself! I blame myself for being too weak! I blame myself for implicating her in this! I blame myself for being useless!”

Weak!

Too weak!

That was what Yang Ye thought in his heart right now. Not to mention the Yang Clan that controlled thousands of worlds, even the Nether Pavilion and the Lin Clan from before weren’t existences that he could resist. As for the Yang Clan, even an expert they casually sent may not be someone he could resist!

Yang Xuan glanced at him and remained silent.

Suddenly, Yang Ye gazed at her and said, “Let’s go! I’ll return to the Yang Clan with you.”

Yang Xuan was delighted when she heard this, “So long as you become the Yang Clan’s successor, you’ll immediately gain control of the 72 Warriors, and…”

Yang Ye shook his head, “I’m not going back there to fight for the position of successor.”

Yang Xuan was puzzled, “Then?”

A vicious glow flashed through Yang Ye’s eyes, “I’m going back to kill!”

Yang Xuan was speechless.