Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1609 - An Ancient Cultivator!

Translator: InVader

Yang Ye had never wanted to go back to the Yang Clan, and he’d never wanted to fight for those things that belonged to the Yang Clan as well. However, the members of the Yang Clan refused to let him live!

Such things happened frequently. Even if you refused to get mixed up in trouble, it didn’t represent that trouble wouldn’t come looking for you.

This incident allowed him to realize that it was impossible for him to avoid being swept into the vortex that was the Yang Clan. Since it was unavoidable, it was best to head back and put an end to it. Regardless of whether it’s the enmity amongst the older generation, or the enmity for this incident, he intended to put an end to them all.

Meanwhile, Yang Xuan suddenly said, “I bever expected the Lord of the Heaven Dao to sacrifice herself for you!” As far as she knew, the Lord of the Heaven Dao was usually very hostile towards humans. She’d never met one who could become friends with humans.

Little Sky! Yang Ye slowly clenched his fists as he stared off into outer space. Two streams of clear liquid gradually seeped out from the corners of his eyes, “You said you wouldn’t help me fight, so why did you? Why… You kept calling me a fool, but you’re a huge fool too!”

Yang Xuan spoke softly, “If she was supported by the energy of all things, then while they could have still defeated her, they wouldn’t have been able to kill her. However, she’d previously absorbed the strength of all things, so her body hadn’t fully recovered upon being overloaded like that. Thus, she couldn’t absorb the energy of all things again.”

Meanwhile, Yang Ye suddenly gazed at her, “If anything happens to her, then I’ll make the entire Yang Clan pay with their blood!”

Yang Xuan stared at Yang Ye, “Don’t forget that you’re a member of the Yang Clan too!”

Yang Ye walked over to her, “In my heart, everyone from the Yang Clan can’t compare to even a hair on her. Besides that, if anything happens to her, then I’ll never forgive myself.”

As soon as he finished speaking, he turned around and vanished on the spot.

Once Yang Ye left, an armored figure appeared by Yang Xuan’s side, “Phoenix Commander, his bloodline hasn’t been activated, so why is he such a madman?”

Yang Xuan fell silent for a moment and said, “It’s related to his past experiences. He has a very extreme character, or I should say that he goes to absolute extremes. It’s more terrifying than just madness!”

The armored figure spoke in a low voice, “Then if his bloodline is activated, and he’s influenced by it…”

Yang Xuan’s expression changed slightly. She fell silent for a long time and said, “Once they activate their bloodline, the members of the Yang Clan enter a state of madness. However, we always try to suppress that madness. After all, no one wants to be controlled by their bloodlines. But he will probably not suppress it…”

Meanwhile, the armored figure spoke abruptly, “Actually, that’s a good thing!”

Yang Xuan glanced at the armored figure, and the latter said, “Do you think an ordinary person will be able to fight with those young masters and young misses of the clan?”

Yang Xuan fell silent for an instant, and then she said, “You still don’t understand. He doesn’t care about the position of successor; he only cares about his friend. Presently, the entire Yang Clan is an enemy to him, and that includes me as well. If you’ve read through the information about him, you’ll understand that when he acts ruthlessly, he really disregards all ties!”

She looked down when she spoke up to this point, “The most terrifying part is that he has attained such accomplishments without relying on the resources and bloodline of the Yang Clan…”

A wisp of worry appeared in her eyes as she finished speaking.

Sprite Palace. Sprite Hall.

At this moment, all the Sprite Kings were gathered here. Besides them, Snowy, Qin, and the Sky Devil Beast were here.

At this moment, all of them knew about what had happened to Little Sky.

Yang Ye remained silent for a long time before he said, “I’ll save her. I guarantee it!”

Snowy nodded, and then she waved her little claws to display that she was willing to go with Yang Ye.

Qin said, “I’ll go with you too!”

The Sky Devil Beast added as well, “Me too!”

The other Sprite Kings successively displayed their willingness to go with Yang Ye as well.

Yang Ye shook his head, “All of you stay here.”

“Why?” Qin’s brows raised, “You think we’re too weak?”

Yang Ye shook his head, “Qin, Senior Sky Devil, if both of you leave the continent, then who will protect it? Little Sky cared so much about Sky Sky Continent, so she would definitely not want anything to happen to it. Thus, stay and protect Sky Sky Continent. Leave the rescuing to me.”

Rescuing Little Sky represented going against the Yang Clan. Even though Qin and the Sky Devil Beast were strong, they were too inferior when compared to the Yang Clan. So, he didn’t want them to take the risk. He was enough to rescue Little Sky!

Moreover, it could be considered to be a private matter between him and the Yang Clan!

Qin fell silent for a moment and said, “But I still want to go!”

Yang Ye spoke softly, “Qin, Little Sky isn’t here now. If both of you aren’t as well, then what would the continent do if someone invaded? What if the cultivators of Sky Sky Continent try to act against Little Little Sky and the others? So, you and Senior Sky Devil must stay behind and protect the continent for Little Sky. Alright?”

Qin remained silent for a long time, and then she nodded. Suddenly, she gazed at Yang Ye, “You must rescue her, alright?”

Yang Ye walked over to Qin and rubbed her head, “I promise. Even if I die, I’ll bring her back!”

Qin nodded slightly, “Be careful!”

Yang Ye nodded, and then he glanced at the Sky Devil Beast, “Senior Sky Devil, I’ll leave the continent to you and Qin.”

As soon as he finished speaking, he took Snowy in his arms and vanished on the spot.

Qin suddenly asked, “Will he bring Little Sky back?”

The Sky Devil Beast fell silent for a long time before he answered her, “Even if he can’t save her, he’ll definitely avenge her!”

…

Once he left Sprite Palace, Yang Ye returned to Dark Hell Stellar Region.

Since he was leaving Merak System, he naturally had to make the necessary arrangements for everything before he left.

At this moment, Dark Hell Stellar Region could be considered to belong to the Sword Alliance. Actually, it was the Sword Alliance’s territory. Because the Sword Alliance’s forces covered Dark Hell Continent. Even though many sects and powers had successively appeared on the continent, all of them obeyed the Sword Alliance.

In the Sword Hall, Su Qingshi, Qin Xiyue, Lei Lin, Little Yao, and Xue’er were there.

Su Qingshi frowned, “You’re going back to the Yang Clan?”

Yang Ye nodded, “Don’t worry, I’ll be back. This is my true home.”

She spoke softly, “Should Xue’er and Little Yao go with you?”

Yang Ye glanced at them and shook his head. He wasn’t going back there to acknowledge his ancestors. Moreover, the Yang Clan hadn’t truly acknowledged his existence. So, taking them with him would be no different than asking for insult.

Su Qingshi nodded slightly, “Then be careful!”

Yang Ye took Su Qingshi and Qin Xiyue’s hands, “Is it very tiring to be my wife?”

Su Qingshi shook her head slightly and didn’t say anything.

Qin Xiyue sighed, “It is a little. You’re always far away all year long. I wonder when it’ll ever end.”

Yang Ye hugged them, “I’m sorry!”

“Silly!” Qin Xiyue rolled her eyes at him, “We’re family, so why are you apologizing? Moreover, it’s because of you that we’re able to live a peaceful life. Not to mention Dark Hell Continent, does anyone throughout Merak System not know your name? Does anyone dare to not give the Sword Alliance face? We feel proud to be your wife!”

Yang Ye smiled. He didn’t say anything and just held them tightly.

Yang Ye didn’t stay for long on Dark Hell Continent. Around four hours later, he left and went to Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region.

Clouds of Heaven Peak.

Zhuang Weiran asked as she stood before Yang Ye, “Do you need me to come with you?”

Yang Ye shook his head, “What would Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region do without you? Just stay here and wait for me, alright?”

She remained silent for a moment, and then she nodded, “I’ll be waiting for you!”

He embraced her tightly, “Weiran, trust me. I’ll definitely come back alive.”

Every single time he left, it was his wives who were the most worried about him.

Zhuang Weiran nodded slightly and remained silent.

They hugged each other tightly on the peak of the mountain.

Yang Ye didn’t stay for long. Around four hours later, he left, and Qiong Qi left with him.

In the starry sky outside Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region.

Qiong Qi asked, “You’re going to the Milky Way System?”

Yang Ye nodded and replied, “Have you heard of the Yang Clan there?” Only now had he recalled that Qiong Qi was from the Milky Way System too.

Qiong Qi shook his head.

Yang Ye frowned, “That’s impossible. How could you have possibly not heard of the Yang Clan?”

Qiong Qi replied with a question, “Is the Yang Clan very great?”

Yang Ye spoke in a low voice, “I heard they possess 25 large worlds and thousands of middle worlds.”

Qiong Qi nodded, “I understand now. The Yang Clan you speak of is probably in a medium universe of the Milky Way System.”

“A medium universe?” Yang Ye frowned, “What do you mean?”

Qiong Qi explained, “A very, very long time ago, Milky Way System was actually very small. However, after numerous powerful cultivators appeared there, they slowly expanded Milky Way System. I’m afraid no one knows how huge Milky Way System is. Once it became very huge, small, medium, and large universes were born. That Yang Clan you speak of is probably in a medium universe. As for me and the owner of that thing within you, we’re from the large universe.”

“So that’s why!” Yang Ye nodded. After that, he seemed to have thought of something and gazed at Qiong Qi, “Is the old man in Daoist’s robes or the Yang Clan stronger?” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“The Yang Clan?” Qiong Qi laughed with ridicule, “I don’t know what the hell it is. But allow me to tell you that if the owner of that treasure within you wanted to destroy the Yang Clan, he would only have to say the word.”

Yang Ye was stunned speechless.

Meanwhile, Qiong Qi added, “Actually, they can’t be compared at all. Because the owner of that pagoda is one of the most ancient cultivators of Milky Way System!”

— End of Book Twelve —