Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1611 - There’s No Love In The Yang Clan!

Translator: InVader

“An old man in a Daoist’s robes?” Fan Yinyu asked, “That old man who killed Jian Wuji?”

The Nether Pavilion’s Master nodded, “At that time, Master’s strength was matchless in the dozens of universes around us. It could be said that she’d arrived at a limit, and it was at that time which she felt lost. Because she didn’t know how to continue on her path towards the Dao, and it was so until she met that old man in a Daoist’s robes.”

Fan Yinyu asked, “They fought?”

The Nether Pavilion’s Master nodded slightly.

Fan Yinyu asked another question, “Did Pavilion Master Shaosi lose?”

“She did!” The Nether Pavilion’s Master continued, “She was completely defeated, and the one who’d defeated Master was just the old man’s clone! A clone!”

Fan Yinyu’s pupils constricted slightly. She knew the old man in a Daoist’s robe was strong, but she hadn’t expected him to be that strong. The previous Master of the Nether Pavilion could be said to have been the strongest existence in the dozens of universes around Nether Pavilion System!

However, she’d lost to the old man in a Daoist’s robe, and it was even just a clone of him!

Meanwhile, the Nether Pavilion’s Master continued, “Later on, Master told me that the old man had overturned her understanding of the Dao. So, she went off in search of her path.”

Fan Yinyu asked, “Which universe did she go to?”

The Nether Pavilion’s Master looked up towards the sky outside and remained silent for a long time before she said, “Milky Way System!”

At this moment, Fan Yinyu finally understood why the Nether Pavilion’s Master had decisively chosen to agree to Yang Ye’s request.

…

As soon as he left the hall, Blood Maiden appeared in front of Yang Ye.

Yang Ye asked, “Weren’t you and the others leaving the Nether Pavilion?”

She replied, “We were, but we aren’t anymore.”

Yang Ye was puzzled, “Why?”

She shook her head, “You’ll know when the time comes. I came here to see you because my eldest sister asked me to. She asked me to tell you that she’s very sorry about what happened to your friend, Little Sky.”

Sky Maiden!

Yang Ye fell silent.

Meanwhile, Blood Maiden added, “Actually, she is Yin’yin. However, she hadn’t awakened when you met her. Now, she has awakened. Her past memories have almost washed away her memories from this lifetime, so the connection she has with you is very faint. However, I’m sure you noticed that the connection still exists. But…”

Yang Ye nodded, “I understand. She’s Yin’yin but not Yin’yin as well. Right?”

Blood Maiden nodded slightly.

Yang Ye said, “Help me tell her that Yin’yin always has a place in my heart.”

Blood Maiden fell silent.

Meanwhile, Yang Ye suddenly said, “Second Sister, have you found out where Shaoyao is?”

Blood Maiden nodded, “She’s in a very safe place. You don’t have to worry about her.”

Yang Ye fell silent for a moment, and then he said, “Tell her to wait for me.”

As soon as he finished speaking, he immediately vanished on the spot.

Once Yang Ye left, a woman appeared here. It was Sky Maiden.

Blood Maiden gazed at her, “Eldest Sister…”

Sky Maiden didn’t speak, and she just gazed at the direction Yang Ye vanished towards. Her gaze gradually became slightly blank. At this moment, she recalled everything that had happened on Profounder Continent. Especially when the Eye of the Heaven Dao sent down its Divine Lightning of Obliteration and Yang Ye had stood in front of her. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

…

As soon as he left Nether Pavilion System, Yang Xuan appeared in front of him, “You’re quite capable. You actually made them agree to work together with you.”

Yang Ye spoke indifferently, “They are nothing to the Yang Clan, right?”

Yang Xuan shook her head slightly, “Even though they can’t compare to my Yang Clan, they aren’t weak. At the very least, they are qualified to fight against the powers and external support that the other disciples of my Yang Clan possess. If you don’t have their support, then you would really be all alone in the Yang Clan, and it’s impossible to fight for the possession of successor all on your own.”

Yang Ye suddenly asked, “Are you really my father’s younger sister?”

“Of course!” Yang Xuan asked, “Why do you ask?”

Yang Ye shook his head, “No reason. Let’s go to the Yang Clan.”

Yang Xuan glanced at Yang Ye and nodded, “Let’s go!” As she spoke, she grabbed Yang Ye’s shoulder and vanished on the spot with him.

Around 15 minutes later, Yang Ye and Yang Xuan arrived at a point in space. There was a huge colossus that looked like a ship floating in front of them. It was almost 30km long. Both ends of it were sharp, and its entire body was airtight. It seemed quite strange from the outside.

“A Divine Shuttle!” Yang Xuan explained, “It’s a form of flying transport. The Milky Way System is over a hundred million lightyears away from here. It would have taken me almost ten years to get here without it. Even with it, it still took me around three months to get here.”

Yang Ye turned to look at her, “The Milky Way System is that far away from here?”

Yang Xuan nodded, “It’s extremely far away, and very dangerous.”

Yang Ye frowned, “It’s dangerous even for you?”

Yang Xuan looked up into the depths of space, “How huge is this entire universe? How many unknown beings and experts live throughout it? Besides that, there are black holes, spatial storms… In short, even Zenith Realm experts are very tiny in the boundless universe.”

The universe!

Yang Ye looked up at the depths of the starry sky. He could still see countless stars at the end of his field of vision. Needless to say, Yang Xuan was right. They really were very tiny when compared to the entire universe.

Meanwhile, Yang Xuan said, “Let’s go. The competition will start in three months. We’ll be just in time if we depart right now.”

Yang Ye fell silent for an instant before he said, “I have to go to one more place. It’s the last place. Because I made a promise to someone.”

Yang Xuan asked, “Where?”

Yang Ye replied, “Stellar Cloud System!”

Stellar Cloud System was the home of those people whom Little Sky had imprisoned within the Ominous Territory. He was going there because of the dragon seal in his sea of consciousness. He’d promised that mysterious man he met that he would get the dragon seal back to the man’s descendants.

Yang Ye was naturally a man of his word.

Yang Xuan nodded, “Let’s go!”

As she spoke, she grabbed Yang Ye’s shoulder and brought him into the Divine Shuttle.

Yang Xuan waved her hand lightly. In an instant, the Divine Shuttle shook violently, and then it vanished on the spot.

It was swift!

Extremely swift!

Its speed simply exceeded Yang Ye’s imagination. The Imperial Cloud Shuttle he possessed couldn’t even be compared to the Divine Shuttle’s speed. Not to mention the Imperial Cloud Shuttle, even the speed of a Zenith Realm expert couldn’t compare to its speed!

Around 15 minutes later, the Divine Shuttle suddenly stopped.

Yang Xuan pointed towards the distance, “Stellar Cloud System is right ahead of us. Two days are enough for you, right?”

Yang Ye nodded, “It’s enough.”

As soon as he finished speaking, he transformed into a ray of light that vanished into the distance.

Once Yang Ye’s figure vanished, an armored figure appeared by Yang Xuan’s side, “His strength isn’t bad. However, it’s much inferior when compared to those young masters.”

The armored figure paused for a moment and continued, “Commander, you aren’t making him return to fight for the position of successor, you just hope to use him to gather his father’s old subordinates, and then…”

Suddenly, Yang Xuan glanced coldly at the armored figure.

The expression of the person beneath the armor changed, and the armored figure hurriedly lowered its head.

A long time passed before Yang Xuan spoke in a low voice, “There’s no familial love in the Yang Clan!”

The armored woman kept her head down and didn’t dare to say anything.

…

After he entered Stellar Cloud System, Yang Ye started inquiring. It didn’t take long for him to find out about Dark Moon Kingdom.

There were many continents in Stellar Cloud System, and one of them was called Dark Moon Continent. The Dark Moon Kingdom was on Dark Moon Continent, and it was the strongest power there.

It didn’t take long for Yang Ye to enter Dark Moon Kingdom’s capital, Dark Moon City.

Even though it wasn’t as imposing as the Nether Pavilion, it wasn’t weak, and it was much more imposing than Clouds of Heaven Stellar Region.

Yang Ye didn’t waste any time and went straight for the palace. He’d just arrived at the palace when a guard in black armor appeared before him and shouted, “The Imperial Palace is a restricted area. Leave if you have no business here!”

Yang Ye cupped his fist and said, “Please notify your emperor that Merak System’s Yang Ye is here to meet him.”

The guard sized up Yang Ye and asked, “You’re from outside our system?”

Yang Ye nodded.

The guard hesitated for a moment and said, “Wait a moment!”

As soon as he finished speaking, he turned around and vanished on the spot.

Around ten breaths of time later, the guard appeared before Yang Ye again, “Please come with me!”

Yang Ye nodded. It didn’t take long for Yang Ye to be led to a palace, and then the guard gestured for Yang Ye to enter before leaving.

Yang Ye glanced at the surroundings before he entered the palace. There was only a single middle aged man in an imperial robe within the palace.

A Rebirth Realm expert!

The middle aged man suddenly asked, “Who are you?”

Yang Ye flipped his right palm slightly, and then a dragon seal appeared in his grasp. As soon as he saw the seal, the middle aged man’s expression changed drastically, “How did it fall into your possession?”

Yang Ye shook his head, “It’s a long story, so I won’t recount it. I’m here because of a request.” As soon as he finished speaking, he flicked the dragon seal over to the middle aged man, and then he said, “Farewell.”

As soon as he finished speaking, he turned around with the intent to leave. However, the middle aged man suddenly said, “Wait.”

Yang Ye stopped and said, “There’s no need to thank me. I…”

Meanwhile, six guards suddenly appeared in front of Yang Ye.

All of them were Rebirth Realm experts!

Yang Ye’s eyes narrowed slightly, and then he turned around to look at the middle aged man, “What’s the meaning of this?”

The middle aged man looked Yang Ye in the eyes, “You’re cultivated the technique within the dragon seal, right?”

Yang Ye nodded, “I have indeed.”

The middle aged man’s eyes instantly narrowed, “I’m sorry. I can’t allow the cultivation technique of my clan to fall into the hands of an outsider.”

Yang Ye asked, “So?”

The middle aged man spoke indifferently, “So, you have to die.”