Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1612 - Merge!

Translator: InVader

Yang Ye’s face fell when he heard the middle aged man, and then he turned to look at the middle aged man, “I came all the way here to send it to you, but you want to kill me. That’s not right, isn’t it?”

The middle aged man spoke indifferently, “I’ll leave your corpse intact, alright?”

Suddenly, Yang Ye vanished on the spot, and he was in front of the middle aged man when his figure appeared once more. After that, Yang Ye drew his sword and swung it.

Six overlapped Heavenrends!

As soon as he swung his sword, the space around Yang Ye and the middle aged man cracked apart.

The middle aged man’s expression changed slightly. He hadn’t expected Yang Ye to just attack, and he hadn’t expected Yang Ye to be so strong.

He didn’t dare act carelessly. The profound energy within him circulated as he clenched his fists and slammed them forward.

Two small golden dragons flashed out from his arms and slammed down towards Yang Ye.

Bang!

A loud explosion resounded as the entire palace was blasted into ash. At the moment that the palace was blasted into a pile of ashes, the middle aged man was blasted backwards by Yang Ye’s attack. Yang Ye didn’t stop. He closed his eyes, and then his figure transformed into a ray of light that vanished on the spot.

The Sword of Rebirth!

It could be said that besides Heaven Obliteration, the Sword of Rebirth was his strongest technique! The reason he’d executed it was because he didn’t want to waste more time! He didn’t want to fight the middle aged man for a few days and nights!

At the instant Yang Ye’s figure vanished on the spot, the middle aged man’s pupils had constricted while astonishment filled his eyes. He hadn’t even been able to react before that ray of light shot through the center of his forehead.

The light dispersed to reveal Yang Ye standing around 30m behind the middle aged man.

A moment of silence ensued, and then a drop of blood suddenly appeared at the center of the middle aged man’s forehead. The blood gradually increased. In the end, it started flowing like a fountain.

The other Rebirth Realm experts who were charging at Yang Ye just now had stopped. Their eyes were filled with disbelief.

Seeing someone surmount their realms of cultivation to do battle wasn’t new to them, but they’d never seen someone do it with such ease! A Dualism Realm expert had killed a Rebirth Realm expert with two attacks! That was quite unusual.

Yang Ye waved his right hand, and the dragon seal instantly flew into his grasp. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Meanwhile, countless experts started approaching from all directions. In just a few breaths of time, Yang Ye was completely surrounded.

Yang Ye glanced at the surroundings with indifference.

Meanwhile, a young man stepped forward. The young man was slightly similar in appearance to the middle aged man from before. He sized up Yang Ye and asked, “Why are you here? Why did you kill my imperial uncle?”

Yang Ye shook his head, “I wasn’t the one who wanted to kill him, he was the one who wanted to kill me.”

The young man fell silent for a long time before he said, “Then what are you doing here in Dark Moon Kingdom?”

Yang Ye flipped his right hand, and the dragon seal appeared in his grasp, “I’m here to deliver this.”

“The royal seal!” The young man’s expression changed, “You’ve met my royal grandfather?”

Yang Ye replied, “I don’t know who he is. He just entrusted me with bringing this thing back here. Right, he said that if I felt the emperor wasn’t capable, then I should help him kill that emperor and choose a new one.” Yang Ye pointed at the middle aged man who was a corpse now, “I think he wasn’t capable.”

The others exchanged glances. No one knew what they were thinking.

A long moment of silence ensued, and then the young man suddenly said, “I apologize for the treatment you received.”

Yang Ye gazed at the young man for a long time, and then he flicked the dragon seal over to the young man. After that, he turned around and started walking away.

The young man was stunned, “Wait!”

Yang Ye stopped and turned to look at the young man, “What?”

The young man said, “This royal seal is of the utmost importance to my Dark Moon Kingdom. You’re done us a huge favor by returning it to us. Please let me know your name, so that my kingdom can…”

Suddenly, Yang Ye waved his hand, “I was only doing what someone entrusted to me.” As soon as he finished speaking, he tapped his right foot down and transformed into a ray of light that vanished into the sky.

The young man gazed at the sky for a long time and shook his head, “What a pity.”

An old man by the young man’s side asked, “What’s a pity?”

The young man replied, “It’s a pity that we lost a chance to make friends with an expert.” He suddenly shook his head and smiled, “Haha, my imperial uncle was wise for a lifetime, but he made a mistake this time.”

The old man shook his head, “If the former emperor knew about that man’s strength, he would have definitely not done that. Unfortunately…”

The young man said, “He was a sword cultivator, and both techniques he executed were greater than my Yin Clan’s cultivation techniques and combat techniques? Unfortunately, my imperial uncle was too conceited. Otherwise, our kingdom may have been able to become friends with an extraordinary expert!”

The old man said, “But it’s a good thing for you, Your Highness!”

The young man’s lips curled up slightly, “Of course!”

…

As soon as he left Stellar Cloud System, Yang Xuan appeared in front of him, “Is it done?”

Yang Ye nodded, “Let’s go.”

Yang Xuan nodded slightly, and then she waved her right hand and appeared in the Divine Shuttle with Yang Ye.

The Divine Shuttle was huge, and it had its own rooms. However, the ten Zenith Realm experts who came with Yang Xuan didn’t stay in those rooms, and they stood guard around the shuttle.

Once he entered a room, Yang Ye entered the Primordial Pagoda. As soon as he entered it, Zi’er appeared before him. Once she could take human form, Zi’er rarely used her true form in front of Yang Ye. Because she didn’t want Yang Ye to treat her like a child.

Zi’er had just appeared before Yang Ye when a ray of white light flashed, and then Snowy appeared in front of Yang Ye.

This time, Yang Ye hadn’t left Snowy in Merak System. Even if he wanted, she would definitely not agree. Zi’er, Snowy, An Nanjing who was still absorbing the inheritance, Xiao Yuxi who was still cultivating in the cultivation room, and Qiong Qi had come with him.

As for the huge golden dragon from the Heavenly Dragon Clan, he’d left it in Merak System. Even though it was inferior to Zenith Realm experts, it was much stronger than ordinary Rebirth Realm experts. So, he left it at Merak System to protect his loved ones.

Yang Ye rubbed Snowy’s head gently, and then he gazed at Zi’er, “Go play together.”

Zi’er knew that Yang Ye was busy, so she immediately nodded and vanished into the distance with Snowy in her arms.

Yang Ye went to the 3rd level. At this moment, An Nanjing was still absorbing the inheritance. Actually, it should be said that she was merging with it. She was merging the Martial God’s Dao into her own Dao. She was a proud person. So, while she would learn from the skills of others, she would absolutely not become an absolute copy of that person!

Yang Ye glanced at An Nanjing and Xiao Yuxi. He didn’t disturb them, and he just sat down cross-legged and closed his eyes.

Consolidation!

The gap between him and the one-armed woman had been that his sword intent wasn’t consolidated. To put it in simpler terms, it wasn’t as stable and condensed as hers, and it was slightly superficial.

Perfection!

His current task was to locate the insufficiencies in his sword intent, and then perfect it. Actually, he’d wanted to do it a long time ago, but he had too many things to deal with then. He didn’t have the time to consolidate his Sword Dao.

Yet now, he had at least three months until he arrived at the Yang Clan. In the 3rd level, three months was equivalent to three years. Three years were sufficient for him.

In Yang Xuan’s room, only Yang Xuan and an armored figure resided here.

The armored figure spoke in a low voice, “He’s gone.”

She shook her head, “He’s still in the room.”

The armored figure was puzzled, “Then why?”

Yang Xuan said, “Everyone has their own secrets, and so does he. Don’t investigate or pay any attention to him. He’s a proud and extreme person. If you offend him, it won’t benefit anyone.”

The armored figure nodded and seemed to have thought of something, “Young Miss, I’m sure you’re aware of the character that this young master of ours has. It wouldn’t be a huge deal if he doesn’t have any potential or strength, but he just happens to have strength and potential that aren’t bad…” The armored figure didn’t finish speaking.

Yang Xuan spoke indifferently, “You’re afraid he’ll spoil our plans?”

The armored figure replied, “Aren’t you afraid of that?”

Yang Xuan turned to look towards the distance, and it was in the direction of Yang Ye’s room. She remained silent for a long time before she spoke softly, “Can he?”

…

In the Primordial Pagoda.

At this moment, Yang Ye seemed like a monk in meditation. He’d completely forgotten that his sword intent was at the Quasi Returnal Rank. Simply speaking, he was inwardly going through the process of advancing from the 1st level of sword intent to the Quasi Returnal Rank.

During the first round, he didn’t notice any problems. During the second round, he still didn’t notice any problems. In the fifth round, he started to notice some problems. When he went through it the 20th time, he noticed that his sword intent was filled with issues!

At this moment, he finally understood why the one-armed woman could still firmly suppress him while not using any sword intent.

It was because his sword intent was filled with flaws in her eyes!

If one didn’t reflect on himself or herself, one would never know how bad one was.

Once he noticed the problems, he started to resolve them. Actually, it wasn’t too difficult to deal with them. After all, his sword intent was at the Quasi Returnal Rank. All he needed was to fortify his sword intent and make it even more consolidated.

He spent an entire year completing this process!

At a certain moment a year later, Yang Ye suddenly opened his eyes. In an instant, a strand of terrifying sword intent surged out from within him. However, it didn’t take long for Yang Ye’s sword intent to return back into his body.

Returnal Rank sword intent!

It wasn’t Quasi Returnal Rank sword intent but Returnal Rank sword intent.

Meanwhile, Yang Ye suddenly closed his eyes again. At the same time, the left side of his body suddenly turned blood red, and the hair on the left side of his head had turned blood red too. However, the right side of his body was very normal.

Merging!

At this moment, he intended to fully merge his dual intents!