Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1696 - Tearing Off The Talisman!

Let’s fight!

Yang Ye’s voice resounded like a thunderclap throughout the area.

In an instant, silence filled the surroundings.

Around five breaths of time later, the space there suddenly trembled slightly, and then a middle aged man walked out from there.

The middle aged man wore a luxurious robe, had hair that hung down to his shoulders, and kept his right hand behind his back. There was a scroll in his left grasp, and it made him seem like a scholar.

However, he wasn’t a scholar. He was the Yang Clan’s patriarch, Yang Xiao. He was one of the strongest experts in the medium universe of Milky Way System.

Yang Gu and the others hurriedly bowed respectfully when they saw Yang Xiao, and then they spoke in unison, “Patriarch!”

Yang Xiao nodded slightly and gazed at Yang Ye, “You’re very like your father. However, your father wasn’t as ruthless and didn’t go to such extremes.”

Yang Ye replied, “And?”

Yang Xiao said, “Actually, I never intended to kill you. I wouldn’t stoop so low as to make a fuss about things with a junior.”

Yang Ye replied, “But what I see isn’t like that at all!”

Yang Xiao nodded and said, “While I never intended to kill you, many people in the clan wanted to kill you. They are standing behind me. If I protect you, they will hold a grudge against me. So, I chose to let them do as they pleased.”

He paused for a moment at this point, and then continued, “But I didn’t expect that so many experts would still fail to kill you.”

Yang Ye smiled, “So you acted yourself now.”

Yang Xiao looked Yang Ye in the eyes, “At this point, you must die. Even though I don’t fear you, I don’t want the Yang Clan to have a potential enemy in the future. Of course, I can give you a chance. If you’re willing to hand over a few strands of your soul, then I can spare your life.”

“Hand over a few strands of my soul?” Yang Ye chuckled, “What do you think?”

Yang Xiao replied, “I think you’ll refuse!”

Yang Ye nodded, “I’ve figured out the sequence of events. So…” Yang Ye suddenly looked up at Yang Xiao and continued, “I’d like to experience the strength of a top expert in this world.”

Yang Xiao gazed at Yang Ye for a long time and said, “As you wish!”

Yang Ye nodded slightly, and then he vanished on the spot.

A ray of light tore through space.

Yang Ye instantly appeared before Yang Xiao, and the powerful energy contained within his wooden sword cracked open the space around Yang Xiao. However, it only took an instant for space to return to normal, and then Yang Ye’s sword couldn’t do anything to the space around Yang Xiao any longer.

Meanwhile, Yang Xiao tapped his finger forward.

It tapped against the tip of Yang Ye’s wooden sword.

Clang!

A clear and loud sound of collision resounded, and then space instantly cracked apart. After that, Yang Ye was blasted over 15km away.

As soon as he stopped himself, a wisp of blood seeped out incessantly from the corner of his mouth. At the same time, his right arm had cracked open. Blood was ceaselessly seeping out from the cracks, and it only took a moment for his entire arm to turn blood red.

Yang Xiao glanced at his finger. His finger had cracked open. He fell silent for a moment, and then he gazed at the wooden sword in Yang Ye’s grasp and said, “As expected of that sword. It can harm anything.”

Yang Ye looked down at the wooden sword, and then he looked up at Yang Xiao.

Meanwhile, Yang Xiao said, “Have you experienced it as you wished?”

Yang Ye replied, “I still want to experience it more!”

As soon as he finished speaking, he stomped his right foot down and transformed into a ray of light that shot forward like a bolt of lightning.

The Sword of Rebirth!

Meanwhile, Yang Xiao tapped his finger forward again, and then space trembled violently before a ripple surged forward. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Bang!

An explosion resounded and Yang Ye was blasted over 10km away again.

Yang Xiao suddenly said, “Even though you can kill True Realm experts, you only seem strong on the outside, and you’re actually weak. Because your strength is something you gained through relying on external sources of strength. Simply speaking, it’s your sword that’s strong, not you!”

Yang Ye nodded. He naturally knew what Yang Xiao was talking about. But was there another way? Did he have another choice?

He didn’t!

All of them were at a higher realm of cultivation than him, and they had much more experts on their side. If he didn’t rely on external sources of strength, what would he rely on? Even though he’d killed True Realm experts, he’d always been very well aware that it wasn’t his true strength.

Just as Yang Xiao had said, he was only able to kill True Realm experts because of the sword in his grasp. Simply speaking, his mentality was in the right place.

Suddenly, Yang Xiao took a step forward, and then he said, “I’ll use your death to put an end to the enmity of the past.” As soon as he finished speaking, he pointed his finger at Yang Ye.

Bang!

A wave of powerful energy swiftly swept towards Yang Ye like a storm. Everywhere it passed, space instantly warped, and it even pulled at the space in the surroundings, causing it to be pulled into a strange form.

Yang Ye’s eyes narrowed slightly, and a wisp of viciousness flashed through his eyes. A moment later, his sword intent surged out madly, and it was immediately absorbed by the wooden sword. After that, the wooden sword started to tremble violently.

Once the energy arrived around 10m away from him, he suddenly sheathed the wooden sword, and then he swiftly drew it.

Om!

A sword howl resounded.

Boom!

An instant later, both attacks exploded apart in front of Yang Ye. In an instant, a huge expanse of space before Yang Ye collapsed and was obliterated.

At the moment that happened, Yang Xiao suddenly frowned slightly, and then he clenched his right fist and slammed it forward.

Bang!

The black hole before him shook violently, and then it exploded apart. At the same time, he moved around 300m back, and then a ray of light suddenly appeared behind him.

Yang Xiao’s eyes narrowed slightly. He suddenly unfurled his fist, and then a wave of powerful aura rippled out from behind him.

Bang!

The light was dispersed, and a figure was blasted away.

Yang Xiao didn’t follow up with another attack, and he just raised his right hand slightly and waved it. In an instant, the collapsed space was repaired. After that, he turned around to gaze at Yang Ye, “The Laws of Darkness is not bad indeed. Unfortunately, it’s far from sufficient in a battle with me.”

Yang Ye wiped off the blood on the corner of his mouth, and then his soul flashed out from his body. The wooden sword was in his soul’s grasp. The wooden sword was trembling, and countless strands of sword intent surged madly into the wooden sword while sword howls resounded incessantly.

A moment later, Yang Ye’s soul and the sword in its grasp vanished on the spot.

The soul version of the Sword of Rebirth!

Yang Xiao frowned slightly when Yang Ye’s figure vanished, and then he took a step back. As soon as he did that, a sword appeared just three inches away from his forehead. However, it couldn’t move an inch forward because two fingers had clamped down on it.

Meanwhile, Yang Ye grabbed the wooden sword with both hands and twisted it.

Bang!

A sword howl resounded, and Yang Xiao was pushed over 100m back.

Meanwhile, Yang Ye’s soul had returned to his body. He naturally didn’t dare to let his soul stay away from his body for too long. After all, Yang Gu and the others were here, and he would be finished if they launched an attack on his body!

Yang Xiao glanced at his palm. There was a hold there, and blood was ceaselessly seeping out from it. So, his palm was blood red right now. A moment of silence ensued, and then he looked up at Yang Ye, “That move isn’t bad. Unfortunately, it still isn’t enough.”

As soon as he finished speaking, he waved his right hand. In an instant, the space before him rose up like a wave in Yang Ye’s direction.

Yang Ye’s expression changed at the sight of this. He held the wooden sword in both hands and swung it forward.

Bang!

The space before Yang Ye was instantly sliced open. However, the powerful force carried within space blasted Yang Ye over 10km away. Numerous mouthfuls of blood sprayed from him once he stopped himself.

Meanwhile, Yang Xiao started walking slowly in Yang Ye’s direction, “Didn’t you want to experience the strength of the top experts in this world? Now that you have, what do you think?”

Yang Ye wiped off the blood on the corner of his mouth, and then he gazed at Yang Xiao, “It’s nothing great!”

Yang Xiao stopped moving. He gazed at Yang Ye for a long time and said, “Your internal organs have cracked apart, and there isn’t much profound energy left in you. Even your body had cracked open. Not to mention me, anyone can kill you with ease.”

Yang Ye replied, “Why don’t you give it a try?”

Yang Xiao nodded, and then he gazed at Yang Gu’s group. An old man suddenly flashed out from the group. He didn’t waste his breath and just charged at Yang Ye.

An Nanjing and Qiong Qi intended to help Yang Ye when they witnessed this. However, Qiong Qi suddenly stopped An Nanjing. An Nanjing was puzzled, and she gazed at Qiong Qi. The latter shook his head slightly, “Step back!”

An Nanjing frowned slightly, and then she gazed at Yang Ye. Yang Ye suddenly pulled open his right sleeve. There was a golden talisman on his right wrist. He grabbed a corner of the golden talisman with his left hand, and then it was slowly lifted off his wrist.

At the moment it was fully removed, Yang Ye’s face instantly warped. At the same time, the right side of his body suddenly started trembling violently.

Meanwhile, that old man, a True Realm expert, had arrived just 30m away from Yang Ye.

“AH!” Suddenly, a shrill cry resounded.

The expressions of everyone here changed.

In Yang Ye’s right grasp was a head that had its eyes open. That head belonged to that True Realm expert who’d charged at Yang Ye.