Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1703 - The Sword Conference!

Once he started cultivating the Unrivaled Technique, Yang Ye finally understood why the halberd didn’t acknowledge Yang Xian.

It was unrivaled, overbearing, and unrivaled!

However, Yang Xian wasn’t overbearing at all. Moreover, the original owner of the halberd was one who looked down upon the world. But Yang Xian didn’t possess such confidence, and he didn’t even have the conviction to stand proudly above the world!

Actually, strictly speaking, Yang Ye didn’t possess such an aura as well. However, it didn’t affect his cultivation of the Unrivaled Technique.

Because Yang Ye never feared anyone!

Fearless!

Besides his willpower, the halberd acknowledged him because he was fearless. This was something very similar to what the original owner of the halberd had!

As far as Yang Ye was concerned, the Unrivaled Technique wasn’t difficult because his foundation was very good. Moreover, the halberd had a detailed method of cultivation. Obviously, it was left behind by its original owner.

Since he had a detailed method of cultivation, it didn’t take long for Yang Ye to grasp its key points. Now, mastering the Unrivaled Technique was only a matter of time for him!

In the cultivation room, time trickled by.

The halberd remained by Yang Ye’s side!

Nine days later.

Yang Ye suddenly opened his eyes, and then he grabbed the halberd with his left hand. The halberd trembled slightly, and then it rose up from the ground.

He could lift it!

Unrivaled Strength!

Yang Ye gazed at the halberd, and his eyes were filled with excitement. He possessed Unrivaled Strength and Unrivaled Intent now. Actually, the Unrivaled Strength was equivalent to Unrivaled Intent, or it could be said that Unrivaled Intent was Unrivaled Strength.

Something worth mentioning was that his Unrivaled Intent was at the Zenith Rank!

The reason it was at the Zenith Rank was because the strength of his Unrivaled Intent depended on his Unrivaled Strength. He’d cultivated Unrivaled Strength to the Zenith Rank, so his Unrivaled Intent was at the Zenith Rank.

The strength of his Unrivaled Intent wasn’t the only thing that depended on his attainments in the Unrivaled Technique, even the halberd relied on it. Presently, the halberd could only be considered to be at the True Rank, but its true rank of quality was definitely above the True Rank. However, it had its own problems, and that was why it was at the True Rank now.

The halberd’s problems were unlike the wooden sword. The halberd wasn’t sealed, it had been forcefully damaged to the point of being reduced to the True Rank!

It was damaged!

Who did it? Yang Ye was curious about the answer as well. However, the halberd refused to tell him. It refused to speak a word even when Snowy asked about it.

Yang Ye understood that the halberd probably had a past that it found unbearable to recall. So, Yang Ye didn’t pursue an answer.

The Unrivaled Technique could be improved, of course. However, it became extremely difficult to raise further. Besides that, he didn’t have the time to do it as well. Because the Sword Conference was about to begin.

The Sword Conference was a discussion of the Sword Dao, and he really wanted to experience it for himself.

Yang Ye glanced at the surroundings, and then he took the halberd with him and teleported to the 1st level of the Primordial Pagoda.

He really wanted to witness the halberd’s strength!

Yang Ye stood on the spot and tightened his grasp on the halberd. At this moment, he actually felt like he was looking down upon the world. At this moment, he would dare to fight even if he faced 20 True Realm experts!

Meanwhile, Snowy appeared in front of him while holding the wooden sword in her arms.

Snowy cracked a smile and pointed at the halberd before pointing at the wooden sword in her grasp. After that, she started waving one of her claws.

A short while later, Yang Ye shook his head and smiled. Snowy actually wanted to fight him!

How could he possibly fight her?

However, Snowy insisted on playing with him. No, it was fighting him in single combat!

Yang Ye thought for a moment and nodded with a smile, “Alright, then let’s begin…”

Yang Ye’s expression changed when he spoke up to this point. Because Snowy had suddenly raised the sword and swung it at him.

Yang Ye hurriedly raised the halberd to defend himself.

Clang!

An ear piercing and sharp sound of collision resounded, and then Yang Ye was pushed two steps back. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Yang Ye was shocked. Was Snowy that strong? Wait! That’s not right!

It didn’t take long for him to reject that thought. Because Snowy’s strength was definitely not that strong.

It’s the wooden sword! The wooden sword is stronger than before!Meanwhile, Snowy suddenly flew over to him and cracked a smile. Yang Ye was about to speak when she suddenly swung the sword again.

Yang Ye was caught off guard, and he was almost struck by it. Fortunately, his reaction was quick enough, and he immediately moved to the side and dodged Snowy’s attack.

Snowy blinked after her attack missed, and then she gazed at Yang Ye. After that, she revealed a brilliant smile and was about to attack. But Yang Ye suddenly grabbed her.

Yang Ye pulled her over to him and said, “Who did you learn that from? You actually played tricks!”

Snowy blinked, opened her eyes wide, and then pointed at Yang Ye. After that, she seemed like she was trying to flatter him, and it was like she was saying that she’s learned from him!

Yang Ye felt speechless.

A long time later, Yang Ye shook his head. I’ve really been a terrible example for her. Snowy had no parents. She was just a child, so she imitated many things. She didn’t just imitate him, she imitated Zi’er too. For example, acting like a spoiled child. She’d learned it from Zi’er. Of course, it was part of her own natural instinct too.

Yang Ye didn’t criticize Snowy, nor would he make her change. As far as he was concerned, all that mattered was Snowy’s happiness. He didn’t want her to become a well-behaved child. Such children suppressed their own natural instincts, so they weren’t happy at all.

After playing with Snowy for some time, Yang Ye returned to the outside world.

The Sword Conference!

It was being held outside the Grand Immortal Pavilion. There was a round stage outside the pavilion now, and hundreds had converged around it.

Most of them were sword cultivators.

Yang Ye had arrived quite late because the Sword Conference had already begun.

A young man on the stage cupped his fists to the crowd below, and he said, “The sword cultivators throughout our world are gathered here. I know why you’re here. Besides heading up Phoenix Cry Mountain to get a glimpse of the Sword Immortal’s glory, it’s to discuss the Sword Dao with the sword cultivators here.”

He paused for a moment and smiled, “I presume you’ve all heard of two people. Li Fengyu and Qin Lincang. They’re both in the city today.” As he spoke, he glanced at the surroundings and said, “Please show yourselves and provide us with some guidance, alright?”

A moment of silence ensued, and then a ray of light suddenly appeared beside the young man. The ray of light had just suddenly appeared there, and many here hadn’t even seen it clearly. It didn’t take long for the light to disperse, and then a man in an embroidered robe appeared by the young man’s side.

It was Li Fengyu!

At the moment Li Fengyu appeared, a woman in a white dress appeared on the stage.

It was Qin Lincang!

A wisp of surprise flashed through Yang Ye’s eyes because she was the same woman that he’d encountered on the third floor.

Li Fengyu glanced at Qin Lincang, and then he said, “Miss Qin, do you want to go first?”

Qin Lincang nodded slightly and said, “Alright.” She glanced at the surroundings and continued, “Stay true to your heart. Regardless of what it is, you just have to stay true to it. Suppressing your heart will place shackles on your heart towards the Sword Dao. If your heart is shackled, everything will become difficult.”

As soon as she finished speaking, she vanished on the spot.

Stay true to your heart!

Yang Ye nodded slightly. Even though she hadn’t said much, what she said did make a whole lot of sense.

Staying true to one’s heart was staying loyal to oneself. If one didn’t stay loyal to oneself, then not to mention the Sword Dao, it would be difficult for that person to accomplish anything!

However, it wasn’t easy to stay true to the heart. Because reality was filled with all sorts of helpless situations. Many people are forced to go against their hearts for various reasons.

So, staying true to the heart was difficult, extremely difficult!

Once Qin Lincang left, the surroundings suddenly fell silent. A long time passed before Li Fengyu spoke abruptly, “What Miss Qin said is true. The most important thing for sword cultivators like us is to cultivate the heart. If your heart is strong, your Sword Dao will naturally be strong. So, allow me to give all of you a word of advice. Instead of cultivating the sword, it’s better to cultivate the heart!”

As soon as he finished speaking, he turned around and vanished on the spot.

Instead of cultivating the sword, it’s better to cultivate the heart!

The surroundings fell silent.

Yang Ye fell silent as well.

Instead of cultivating the sword, it’s better to cultivate the heart!

It was a very incisive piece of advice!

One could only accomplish great things with a strong heart. It was the same when cultivating the sword. If the heart wasn’t strong, how could one’s sword be strong?

After that, the sword cultivators here started to engage in discussion. Every person capable of being here was no fool, so they naturally were aware of the benefits of such discussions.

Yang Ye stayed and listened for a while, and then he decided to leave. Because their discussions weren’t very useful to him. Because there was no problem with his heart towards the sword.

Right when Yang Ye was about to leave, a white robed man appeared on the stage.

Everyone here immediately gazed at the white robed man. There was a trace of curiosity in their eyes because the white robed man wasn’t a sword cultivator.

The white robed man glanced through the surroundings. In the end, his gaze stopped on Yang Ye. A smile curled up on the corners of his mouth as he said, “You’re that Yang Ye who was kicked out of the Yang Clan? Your head is worth a lot. How about you lend it to me?”