Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1705 - Who Can’t I Kill?

Qin Jian and Qin Youshui nodded with agreement.

What did the Unfettered One leave behind?

There was another row of words beside Li Taibai’s, and it was quite short too.

I have my sword in my grasp, so who can’t I kill?

It was domineering!

It was much more domineering than the words Li Taibai had left behind.

In Li Taibai’s heart, once one attained a certain level of accomplishment in the Sword Dao, one could kill Immortals. It represented that he thought very highly of those so-called Immortals. Simply speaking, he didn’t possess an aura of superiority.

But the Unfettered One was different.

As far as he was concerned, he could kill anyone while he had his sword in hand!

How domineering and confident was that?

Yang Ye fell silent.

The Unfettered One and Li Taibai’s attainments in the Sword Dao were definitely superior to him. Now that he thought of it, besides the time he was a Labor Disciple, he’d practically never seriously cultivated the Sword Dao, nor had he tried to comprehend and gain enlightenment over anything related to it.

He’d practiced the sword in the past because he could only practice the sword in the Sword Sect. At that time, if he joined the Saber Sect, then he would have probably practiced with the saber. Simply speaking, practicing the sword wasn’t his own choice.

So, Yang Ye asked himself if he liked the sword?

Do I like the sword? Yang Ye was stunned when this thought appeared in his mind. Because he noticed that the first reaction he had was very flat. In other words, he didn’t really like it. Of course, he didn’t hate it either.

In short, he’d always been passively training in the sword, and he’d never thought about working hard on it and making it his lifelong profession.

Was there a difference between passively and actively training with the sword?

Of course!

The difference was huge. Regardless of whether it was Li Taibai or the Unfettered One, they really loved the sword, and they treated it like developing their lifelong profession. Both of them had taken the initiative to practice the sword, and that made them work harder.

But Yang Ye was doing it passively. The disadvantage of that was that he’d never tried to research the Sword Dao. That was also why he never had his own sword technique. It was because he learned all his techniques from others.

Even though everything started with learning from others, he didn’t try to develop his own technique, and he’d never even thought about doing it.

He was happy to just get by.

I can’t let this continue! When he thought up to this point, Yang Ye knew that if this continued, his attainments in the Sword Dao would never improve much. Because he was always learning. Of course, learning wasn’t wrong, but one should create after learning and take one’s own path.

Once he figured it all out, Yang Ye took a deep breath, and he actually felt enlightened.

Just as Li Fengyu had said, sword cultivation was actually cultivation of the heart.

Suddenly, Qin Jian said, “Who’s the Unfettered One?”

The Unfettered One had left his name behind the words he wrote.

Yang Ye restrained his thoughts, and spoke after thinking for a moment, “A very formidable person.”

Qin Youshui suddenly asked, “How formidable?”

Yang Ye replied, “Extremely formidable!”

Qin Youshui asked, “Is he still alive?”

Yang Ye thought for a moment and said, “I think no one is capable of killing him!”

Qin Youshui nodded slightly and said, “I hope I can meet him and spar with him.”

Yang Ye’s eyelids twitched, and he gazed at Qin Youshui. She seemed to have noticed his gaze, and she lifted her brows slightly, “What? Am I not qualified?”

Yang Ye shook his head, “It’s nothing. I’ll just laugh it off.”

Meanwhile, Qin Jian said, “Brother Yang, my younger sister is an extraordinary genius in the Sword Dao. To be honest, if she hadn’t been sick for some time and fell unconscious for three years, even Li Fengyu and Qin Lincang would be no match for her!”

Yang Ye walked over to Qin Jian, patted him lightly on the shoulder, and said, “I’m not trying to strike a blow to her confidence. But the Unfettered One… Sigh…”

Yang Ye shook his head and started walking towards the mountain.

However, Qin Youshui suddenly appeared in front of him and said, “What are you trying to say? I’m very inferior to him?”

Yang Ye fell silent for a moment, and then he pointed at the words that the Unfettered One had left behind, “Would you dare to say that?”

She turned to look at those words. She was just about to say something, and her lips even moved, but she didn’t say anything in the end.

I have my sword in my grasp, so who can’t I kill?

Could she say that?

She couldn’t!

She couldn’t support such a claim!

Yang Ye didn’t say anything and just continued forward. He wasn’t looking down on her. She had been able to notice the sword technique that Li Taibai had left behind, so her natural talent and comprehension were extraordinary.

However, someone like the Unfettered One couldn’t be judged by convention.

Yang Ye restrained his thoughts and sped up. He really looked forward to what was on the top of the mountain. He looked forward to what he would see from the Sword Immortal and the Unfettered One.

Qin Youshui remained silent on the spot. Qin Jian walked over to her side and said, “I believe in you. You will absolutely not be inferior to them!”

Qin Youshui shook her head slightly and looked up at the two rows of writing on the mountain wall. She said, “The gap between me and them isn’t just reflected in my Sword Dao, it’s in my heart as well. Their hearts are fearless. But do you know… When Yang Ye asked me that just now, I noticed that I felt fear, and I shrunk back.”

Qin Jian was about to say something, but she shook her head and said, “Come, let’s head up there and have a look. I’d like to witness their strength too. I hope they left a piece of their spiritual brand and a strand of their soul.”

Qin Jian nodded, “Let’s go!”

It didn’t take long for them to catch up to Yang Ye.

They didn’t speak as they traveled.

When they were about to arrive at the peak of the mountain, a wave of powerful sword intent descended from above, and then Yang Ye’s group immediately stopped.

The sword intent was like a mountain that pressed down upon them, causing it to be difficult for them to even take a step forward.

A moment of silence ensued, and then Yang Ye released his sword intent. However, as soon as he did that, the sword intent from the mountain peak surged down at him like a torrent.

Obviously, the sword intent on the mountain peak felt that Yang Ye was provoking it.

Yang Ye looked up, and then he tapped his right foot down and relied on the counterforce to transform into a ray of light that shot up towards the mountain peak.

But it didn’t take long for a strand of green sword energy to appear at the peak of the mountain. It was extremely swift and instantly struck Yang Ye.

Bang!

An explosion resounded. Yang Ye was forcefully stopped, and a wave of powerful sword intent slammed down upon him.

Bang!

Yang Ye was pushed backwards repeatedly, and he only stopped after being pushed around 30m back.

As soon as he stopped himself, another sword howl resounded from atop the mountain, and then another strand of green sword energy shot down.

Yang Ye’s expression remained calm. He moved his left hand slightly, and the halberd appeared in his left grasp. After that, she slammed it forward.

Boom!

The sword energy was instantly blasted into bits. Meanwhile, Yang Ye tapped his right foot down and shot up towards the peak. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Om!

Suddenly, an ear piercing sword howl resounded from atop the mountain peak, and then around ten rays of sword energy shot down at Yang Ye.

A cold glow flashed through his eyes. He didn’t stop, and he even sped up. When the sword energy arrived before him, Yang Ye just waved the halberd horizontally.

The powerful energy carried within the halberd instantly cracked space open, and the sword energy were obliterated at the same time. But Yang Ye’s figure was pushed an entire 300m back!

As soon as he stopped himself, he stomped his right foot down again, and he relied on the counterforce to shoot forward like a cannonball. However, another ten rays of sword energy descended from the mountain peak at the exact same time.

Yang Ye was extraordinarily swift!

He swung the halberd forcefully.

Boom!

The sword energy were blasted into bits, and Yang Ye was pushed back to where he had been just moments ago.

Yang Ye looked up at the mountain peak for a short while, and then he gazed at Qin Jian and Qin Youshui, “Why isn’t the sword energy attacking the both of you too?”

At this moment, he noticed that it was only attacking him. Because Qin Jian and Qin Youshui had acted to resist the sword intent at the exact same time as he had. But the problem was that it was only targeting him!

They exchanged glances. In the end, Qin Jian shook his head, “We don’t know.”

Yang Ye thought for a moment and said, “Both of you head up first!”

Qin Jian nodded and started walking up with Qin Youshui. Even though the sword intent still existed before them, sword energy didn’t appear from the mountain peak.

Yang Ye fell silent on the spot, and then he started walking up the mountain again.

Nothing happened!

Yang Ye glanced up at the mountain. Looks like it was just a misunderstanding.

However, a sword howl suddenly resounded from the peak of the mountain, and then a strand of green sword energy shot down like a bolt of lightning.

Its target was Yang Ye.

Qin Jian and Qin Youshui’s expressions became strange when they saw this scene, and Yang Ye’s face turned gloomy.

Presently, even an idiot could discern that something on the mountain peak was targeting Yang Ye and stopping him from ascending the mountain.

What was trying to stop him from ascending the mountain?