Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1722 - What A Guy!

One hand!

Actually, it was quite shameless for Yang Ye to say that. Because he could only use a single hand! He didn’t dare to rashly unseal his right hand. His body still wasn’t able to endure the strength of the Wargod’s arm.

His strength had improved, but his physical strength hadn’t. If the strength of the Wargod’s arm exploded out, then his body would be the first to bear the brunt of it. It could be said that his right hand was a double edged sword.

Unless he had no other choice, he would never unseal it!

At this moment, Yang Ye was really bullying them to the limit. No one from the entire Lu Clan’s younger generation dared to accept his challenge.

They were bound to lose, so stepping forward would just be a process of losing.

Moreover, it was obvious that Yang Ye wasn’t just targeting the Lu Clan’s younger generation, he was acting against the entire Lu Clan.

Yang Ye stood in the sky with his sword in hand, and he waited in silence.

He wasn’t afraid that the Lu Clan would gang up on him. If he wanted to flee, even the Lu Clan would find it difficult to catch up to his current speed. Moreover, the Lu Clan would have to pay a huge price to kill him, and it was something that the Lu Clan was very well aware of.

As a large clan, it wouldn’t do something that didn’t benefit it.

So, he was very confident that the Lu Clan wouldn’t try to fight him to the death. It wasn’t because the Lu Clan feared him, it was because it wasn’t worth it for the Lu Clan. Was it beneficial to the Lu Clan to lose numerous True Realm experts in order to kill him? Obviously, it wasn’t!

No matter how great the rewards provided by the Yang Clan were, they weren’t worth True Realm experts!

Suddenly, a middle aged man appeared out of thin air before Yang Ye, “Yang Ye, you’ve truly surprised everyone!”

The middle aged man wore an embroidered robe. He seemed to be only around the age of 30, but his hair was snow white.

He was the Lu Clan’s patriarch, Lu Yuntian!

Yang Ye gazed at Lu Yuntian while he gradually tightened his grip on his sword. The man before him gave him the same feeling as Yang Xiao had.

Obviously, he was the Lu Clan’s patriarch!

Lu Yuntian gazed at Yang Ye and spoke indifferently, “Yang Ye, I’m sure you didn’t come to my Lu Clan to crush it on your own, right?”

Yang Ye grinned, “Patriarch Lu, what are you saying? If I had such strength, I would be using it on the Yang Clan!”

Lu Yuntian gazed at Yang Ye for a long time, and then he shook his head, “The higher-ups of your Yang Clan are truly idiots!”

The natural talent and strength Yang Ye revealed right now was absolutely terrifying. It could be said that if the Yang Clan had Yang Ye, then even if it couldn’t reign supreme over the medium universe, having Yang Ye would definitely be able to guarantee that no one would dare to bully the Yang Clan for the next thousand years!

Yet now, such a genius had become a sworn enemy of the Yang Clan. It wouldn’t be a problem if the Yang Clan succeeded at killing Yang Ye, but it just so happened that the Yang Clan failed.

Absolute idiots!

That was what Lu Yuntian thought of the Yang Clan’s higher-ups!

Meanwhile, Yang Ye gazed at Lu Yuntian, “Patriarch Lu, I don’t like to waste my breath. So all I want to know is if your Lu Clan insists on killing me.”

Lu Yuntian fell silent.

Kill Yang Ye?

If Yang Ye was weak, then killing him wouldn’t be an issue. However, if the Lu Clan wanted to kill Yang Ye right now, then it would have to pay a huge price. If the price it paid was lower than the gains the Lu Clan received, then he would do it without the slightest hesitation.

But the problem was that the Lu Clan would gain nothing from killing Yang Ye. As for the rewards that the Yang Clan promised, they were nothing when compared to the True Realm experts that the Lu Clan would lose in order to kill Yang Ye.

After staying silent for a short while, Lu Yuntian gazed at Yang Ye, “You came to my Lu Clan just to ask that?”

Yang Ye nodded, “I don’t like it when people scheme against me behind my back. So, I came here. There isn’t any deep enmity between us, and I’ve never treated the Lu Clan as my enemy. However, if the Lu Clan thinks I’m easy to bully and plays tricks behind my back, then I’m sorry. I’ll kill any member of the Lu Clan that I see from now on!”

Lu Yuntian’s eyes narrowed slightly, “Are you threatening me?”

Yang Ye chuckled, “Patriarch Lu, I’m not threatening you. I’m just telling you a fact. As for whether you want to become enemies with me, you can decide that yourself. Farewell!”

As soon as he finished speaking, he turned around and walked away.

Lu Yuntian suddenly spoke, “Wait!”

Yang Ye stopped, turned to gaze at Lu Yuntian, and asked, “What? You’ve decided to kill me?”

Lu Yuntian replied, “I don’t have any strong points, the only one I do have is my fondness of providing guidance to juniors. After meeting you today, I have the urge to provide guidance to you. You won’t refuse me, right?”

Guidance!

Yang Ye fell silent for a moment, and then he nodded, “I just happened to want to seek guidance from you too.”

“Perfect!” Lu Yuntian waved his right hand, and then he vanished on the spot with Yang Ye.

Yang Ye and Lu Yuntian appeared in an expanse of space. They were less than 3m away from each other.

They exchanged glances, and then Lu Yuntian suddenly stretched out his right hand. He pressed his index and middle finger together before tapping them at Yang Ye from afar.

The space before him suddenly started wriggling, and then a huge finger formed from space appeared before him. The huge finger was extremely long, and it covered a length of 300m. A moment later, Lu Yuntian tapped it with his finger.

Swish!

The huge finger instantly shot forward like a bolt of lightning!

A solemn expression covered Yang Ye’s face when he saw the huge finger shoot towards him. Because he noticed that the space before it was actually merging with it!

Yang Ye didn’t dare act carelessly.

He took a step forward, and then he swung his sword.

The huge finger shook violently when Yang Ye’s sword stabbed against the tip of it, and then Yang Ye was pushed backwards repeatedly. After being pushed around 30m back, Yang Ye suddenly stomped his right foot down, and the space below him shook violently while his figure stopped on the spot.

His sword was still pressed against the huge spatial finger. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

A moment of silence ensued, and then Yang Ye suddenly slapped the end of his sword’s hilt.

Hiss!

A sharp piercing sound resounded, and then Yang Ye’s sword pierced through the huge finger. The sword didn’t slow down at all as it instantly arrived before Lu Yuntian. Meanwhile, Yang Ye appeared behind the sword before it even arrived in front of Lu Yuntian, and he grabbed it with his left hand again!

Lu Yuntian’s expression remained calm as he tapped the tip of Yang Ye’s sword.

Bang!

An explosion resounded, and then both of them were blasted backwards. Yang Ye used the Spatial Laws to stop himself after being pushed almost 30m back, and then a ray of cold light flashed before Lu Yuntian’s forehead.

Yang Ye’s sword had arrived in front of him!

Lu Yuntian frowned slightly. Obviously, he was quite surprised by the speed of Yang Ye’s attacks. However, while such speed was a threat to him, it wasn’t sufficient to be lethal. So, two fingers suddenly clamped down on Yang Ye’s sword before it could stab into his forehead.

As soon as his sword was stopped, Yang Ye suddenly twisted his sword.

Lu Yuntian immediately released Yang Ye’s sword, and it pierced through the center of Lu Yuntian’s forehead. However, it had merely pierced an afterimage!

Lu Yuntian had appeared over 1km away from Yang Ye!

As soon as he stopped himself, he frowned once more because Yang Ye’s sword had appeared just an inch away from his forehead again.

A trace of seriousness appeared in the depths of his eyes, and he didn’t dare to underestimate Yang Ye in the slightest or be careless at all.

Bang!

A powerful aura swept out from within him.

Boom!

Yang Ye was pushed over 30m back. This time, he hadn’t even stopped himself when Lu Yuntian appeared in front of him and slammed a punch in his direction.

Lu Yuntian hadn’t executed any technique, and it was just a simple punch!

Yang Ye didn’t execute a technique as well, and he just swung his sword.

Bang!

As soon as their attacks collided, both of them were blasted over 1km away, but it only took a moment for them to vanish on the spot again.

Just like that, Yang Ye and Lu Yuntian fought intensely.

Many experts of the Lu Clan were horrified by the sight of the battle, and it was especially so for Lu Gu who’d pursued Yang Ye earlier.

At this moment, there was cold sweat on his forehead. He hadn’t expected Yang Ye’s strength to be at such a level. Yang Ye was actually able to go head-on against the Lu Clan’s patriarch, yet he had actually tried to pursue Yang Ye!

However, he felt fortunate. He felt fortunate that he hadn’t chosen to fight Yang Ye to the death. Otherwise, he may not be amongst the living anymore.

The battle was still going on.

Regardless of whether it was Yang Ye or Lu Yuntian, both of them were faster than the eye could see. Their battle was at its peak, and every single move they made was lethal. So, just the slightest mistake may end with their death!

Bang!

Around 15 minutes later, a loud explosion suddenly resounded, and then both Yang Ye and Lu Yuntian’s figures separated.

This time, they didn’t attack each other again.

Who won?

The experts of the Lu Clan were quite anxious. If Yang Ye won, then they had no doubt that it would be quite a blow to the Lu Clan.

After all, Lu Yuntian was their patriarch, and he represented the Lu Clan. If even their patriarch lost to a junior, the Lu Clan would be utterly disgraced once word of it spread.

Yang Ye and Lu Yuntian exchanged glances, and then they fell silent for an instant before Yang Ye suddenly cupped his fist at Lu Yuntian, “Thank you for showing mercy! I gained quite a bit from the guidance you provided today. I’ll pay you a visit another day. Farewell!”

As soon as he finished speaking, Yang Ye’s figure vanished into the depths of the starry sky.

Meanwhile, Lu Gu suddenly appeared in front of Lu Yuntian, and he spoke anxiously, “Patriarch! Don’t let him leave!”

Once he heard that Lu Yuntian had won, he knew that this was the best opportunity to kill Yang Ye.

Lu Yuntian glanced coldly at Lu Gu, “Go! I won’t stop you!”

Lu Gu’s face froze. He was about to speak when Lu Yuntian looked up at the direction Yang Ye had left towards, and he spoke softly, “What a guy…”

He hadn’t won just now. Of course, he hadn’t lost as well. Yang Ye couldn’t do anything to him, and he couldn’t do anything to Yang Ye. The reason Yang Ye had said that was merely because he was giving Lu Yuntian face.

It wasn’t humiliating for Yang Ye to lose to him, but if he lost to Yang Ye, then it would be absolutely humiliating. Not only would he lose face, the Lu Clan would lose face too.

Lu Yuntian stood silently on the spot for a long time, and then he suddenly glanced at the surroundings and said, “Give my order. From now onwards, no one from the Lu Clan is permitted to interfere in the enmity between Yang Ye and the Yang Clan. Anyone who disobeys this order will be killed without mercy!”

As soon as he finished speaking, he vanished on the spot.