Chapter 1725 - I’ll Kill All Who Come!

Yang Ye looked the man in the eyes, “He’s right in front of you!”

The man was slightly stunned and said, “You’re Yang Ye!”

Yang Ye nodded.

The man instantly became excited, “So you’re Yang Ye! So you’re so weak! Haha…”

Suddenly, his laughter stopped abruptly.

Silence filled the surroundings.

The man was still in front of Yang Ye, and his saber was still pressed against Yang Ye’s throat, but his head was at his feet.

Yang Ye moved aside and sat cross-legged on the ground.

The man still maintained the same pose.

Yang Ye withdrew an Energy Pearl, swallowed it, and closed his eyes slowly.

It didn’t take long for news about Yang Ye being outside the city to spread. In just a short while, numerous people appeared on the city walls.

Everyone was looking at Yang Ye, and their gazes either burned with desire, surged with curiosity, or flickered with fear.

At this moment, Yang Ye could be said to be known throughout the medium universe.

Kill Yang Ye and save 10 years of hard work!

It was absolutely not a joke. The Yang Clan had promised such abundant rewards. If anyone could obtain them, then they wouldn’t just be able to save 10 years of hard work, they may be able to save 100 years of hard work. Moreover, they didn’t have to worry that the Yang Clan would go back on its word.

The Yang Clan had made it known to the entire medium universe. So, if they went back on their word, it was obvious that the Yang Clan’s reputation would crash, and no one would ever trust the Yang Clan again!

So, they didn’t have to worry about that at all!

Yang Ye sat cross-legged below the city walls, and he seemed like he was asleep.

Time trickled by, and it didn’t take long for 15 people to appear in the distance.

The leader of the group, a young man, walked over to Yang Ye. He was around the age of 25, wore an embroidered robe, and held a violet gold colored spear.

The Zenith Realm!

The man was at the Zenith Realm, and the others behind him were at the Zenith Realm at least!

15 Zenith Realm experts!

Moreover, their auras were heavy. Obviously, they weren’t ordinary Zenith Realm experts!

it didn’t take long for them to walk over to Yang Ye.

The man who led the ground glanced at Yang Ye, “You’re Yang Ye?”

Yang Ye opened his eyes and gazed at the man, “You’re here for my head?”

“Yes!” The man looked Yang Ye in the eyes, and there was no fear in his eyes.

Yang Ye asked, “Then what are you waiting for?”

“Alright!” As soon as he finished speaking, he stabbed his spear at Yang Ye. His spear was swift like a bolt of lightning, and its tip instantly arrived before Yang Ye’s forehead. However, it couldn’t move any closer after it arrived an inch away from Yang Ye’s forehead!

Because a sword was pressed against the body of his spear.

The man looked Yang Ye in the eyes, fell silent for a moment, and suddenly said, “Attack together!”

Suddenly, his body stiffened, and then countless people watched with astonishment as his spear split into two. At the same time, his head fell off his neck.

As far as Yang Ye was concerned, even extraordinary Zenith Realm experts were nothing!

Unless it was a monstrous genius at the Zenith Realm who could surmount his or her realm of cultivation to fight True Realm experts, other Zenith Realm experts were nothing to him!

Yang Ye didn’t stop after he killed the man. He suddenly appeared within the group, and then rays of light flashed incessantly.

Every single ray of light took a head!

Three breaths of time later, 15 heads were on the ground by Yang Ye’s feet.

The crowd on the city walls was deathly silent.

In just three breaths of time, 15 Zenith Realm experts had fallen!

Instant annihilation!

They’d truly been killed in an instant!

Not a single one of them had been able to resist a single attack from Yang Ye! All of them had been killed in an instant with one strike!

At this moment, the gazes of many people were filled with fear as they gazed at Yang Ye from above the city walls!

Yang Ye glanced at the heads on the ground, and then he waved his right hand. They instantly appeared by the city walls in an extremely orderly row.

Yang Ye didn’t say a word. He just sat down cross-legged, withdrew an Energy Pearl, and consumed it. Actually, killing those Zenith Realm experts wasn’t easy at all. Both their reaction and speed were extremely swift, so he had to use his full strength with every swing of his sword.

It was exactly why his profound energy had been completely exhausted in that short period of three breaths of time.

Fortunately, he had the Energy Pearls that Snowy made. Otherwise, he would have to flee.

But he couldn’t flee this time.

He firmly believed that if he wanted others to stop looking for trouble with him, then there was only one way to accomplish that! It was to kill!

Kill until all who wanted to kill him were dead! Kill until no one dared to come looking for him!

Once everyone was aware of his strength, he was certain that no matter how abundant the Yang Clan’s promised rewards were, no one would come looking for trouble with him.

He intended to kill until everyone feared him! He intended to kill until everyone trembled before him!

…

Grand Immortal Pavilion.

A woman was standing by the window on the fourth level, and her gaze was in the direction of Yang Ye.

A voice suddenly came from below, “Young Miss, should I stop him?”

She asked, “Why?”

A moment of silence ensued, and then the voice came from below again, “He may cause trouble for our Sword Immortal City.”

She replied, “He’s a very agreeable person, but he’s also someone very disagreeable. If you try to make him leave, he may destroy Sword Immortal City first.”

The voice that came from the third floor said, “He doesn’t have the strength to do that!”

She shook her head slightly, “Uncle Ku, never underestimate others. Especially Yang Ye. He seems to be arrogant, crazy, and brave but rash. However, he’s actually full of tricks. Just like this very moment. As far as others are concerned, he’s looking for trouble, but in actuality his actions are a way to put an end to all trouble!”

The voice from below asked, “Young Miss, why do you say that?”

She explained, “The Yang Clan is only able to use others to cause trouble for him because they are unaware of his strength. Yet now, he intends to tell everyone how strong he is. Once they find out how strong he is, there’ll naturally be few that dare to come looking for trouble with him.”

She fell silent for a moment and continued, “This is called stopping killing with killing. It’s the most violent method, but it’s also the most effective method!”

The voice asked, “Isn’t he afraid that he’ll cause trouble for himself and dig his own grave?”

She spoke indifferently, “If he succeeds, it’s called stopping killing with killing; if he fails, it’s called digging his own grave.”

She paused for a moment at this point, and then she continued, “Have you investigated what I asked for?”

The voice replied, “I have. They’re all gone.”

She frowned slightly, “Dead?”

“No!” The voice continued, “All of them have vanished. They’re not in Nether Pavilion System, and they’re not in Merak System either.”

The woman fell silent for a long time before she said, “Continue investigating… Besides that, find out how many are left in the pavilion…”

“Understood!”

She looked outside the city, “They’re gone…”

… Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Outside the city.

Yang Ye was still seated cross-legged on the ground, but there were ten more heads below the city walls behind him!

Something worth mentioning was that the people on the city walls hadn’t come down to fight Yang Ye, and those heads belonged to those who came from outside the city.

After they witnessed Yang Ye’s strength for themselves, the people on the city walls naturally wouldn’t come down to seek death.

Actually, if those who’d died had known how strong Yang Ye was, they would have definitely not come to seek Yang Ye’s head.

Even though those treasures were enticing, they weren’t as valuable as their own lives. However, they weren’t aware of Yang Ye’s strength, and Yang Ye would never give them a chance. Because Yang Ye was very well aware that if he was weak, then they would never give him a chance!

Time trickled by.

More and more heads were lined up below the city wall. Up until this point in time, there were almost 50 heads there, and they were still increasing in number.

Sunset.

An old man suddenly appeared out of thin air a short distance in front of Yang Ye.

The True Realm!

A slight commotion arose in the crowd atop the city walls. Because the old man was the first True Realm expert until now.

The True Realm!

In their hearts, True Realm experts were the top experts of this universe. Even though Yang Ye had killed many before this and had even killed them swiftly, they were all at the Zenith Realm or Half-Step True Realm. Yet now, a True Realm expert had arrived!

Many people on the city walls had smiles on their faces.

Because as far as they were concerned, there was a show to watch.

Yang Ye opened his eyes, glanced at the old man, and then chuckled, “Haha! Even a True Realm expert can’t resist the temptation?”

The old man nodded and said, “The True Spirit Fruit. I may never be able to advance further without it. So, even though I know you’re not an ordinary genius, I have no choice but to try.”

Yang Ye didn’t stay seated on the ground, and he stood up. Because he would never allow himself to act carelessly against a True Realm expert, nor did he dare to do so.

Meanwhile, the old man didn’t say another word. He suddenly took a step forward, and then a terrifying aura instantly swept out like a tsunami and crashed down upon Yang Ye.

Even the space in its path warped before it, and many on the city walls even couldn’t help but take many steps back.

Suddenly, the old man’s expression changed drastically, and then he vanished on the spot.

Hiss!

While he had vanished on the spot, his right hand hadn’t left with him.

An arm fell to the ground where the old man had been standing.

Meanwhile, the old man had just stopped around 300m away when his expression changed drastically once more, and then his body stiffened.

A moment of silence ensued, and then he gazed at Yang Ye with dejection, “I thought that even if I couldn’t kill you, I would be able to leave safely…”

Yang Ye glanced at the old man, “Obviously, you were dreaming.”

The old man’s head tilted to the side and fell to the ground.

Hiss!

A torrent of blood sprayed out from his neck.