Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1726 - My Life For Hers!

A True Realm expert had been killed in an instant!

The crowd atop the city walls was deathly silent.

There was disbelief in their eyes. They had expected all sorts of possible outcomes, like Yang Ye losing or Yang Ye barely winning, but they had never expected Yang Ye to even be able to instantly kill a True Realm expert.

That was a True Realm expert!

Yet even such an expert had been killed in an instant?

It was inconceivable to them!

After Yang Ye killed the old man, he immediately sat down cross-legged, withdrew two Energy Pearls, and consumed them.

He hadn’t killed the old man in an instant just now, and he’d used two attacks!

It was absolutely difficult to truly kill a True Realm expert in an instant, and he was practically only able to injure them with a single attack. Only two successive attacks that were executed extremely swiftly were capable of killing a True Realm expert in an instant.

After he merged everything that he knew, fighting had become much simpler for him. Actually, it was normal. True lethal moves only had to be executed once. No matter how flashy a sword technique or other combat techniques were, their final goal was to launch a lethal strike!

Instantly executing two attacks caused Yang Ye’s profound energy to be completely exhausted in an instant.

At this moment, he didn’t dare to allow his body to be devoid of profound energy. Because others might come to kill him at any moment.

Suddenly, a huge group appeared in the distance. It was a group of over 100 people!

There were Zenith Realm, Rebirth Realm, and even Dualism Realm experts amongst them!

When they saw this group, the spectators on the city walls gazed at the group with pity.

The members of this group had varying levels of cultivation, and they were obviously a group that had been formed at the last moment. Even though there were many of them, it was obvious that they would be nothing before Yang Ye.

Yang Ye sat cross-legged on the ground and still hadn’t opened his eyes.

It didn’t take long for the group to stop not too far away from Yang Ye. Their expressions changed slightly when they noticed the over 100 heads that were laid out behind Yang Ye. Obviously, they hadn’t expected that Yang Ye had killed so many!

Suddenly, a bald man stepped forward, and he pointed his saber at Yang Ye and smiled fiercely, “Brothers, that’s Yang Ye! We just have to kill him, and we’ll gain the Yang Clan’s rewards! We just have to kill him, and we’ll obtain True Rank techniques, treasures, and True Spirit Fruits! Kill him and we can save 100 years of hard work!”

“Kill him! Kill him!”

“Kill Yang Ye! Kill Yang Ye…’

All of them started to howl in unison.

However, they hadn’t noticed that the spectators on the city walls were looking at them with pity.

“Yunshui!” Suddenly, a surprise voice came from above the city walls, and then a man in a luxurious robe leaped down from the city walls. It didn’t take long for him to arrive before the group, and his gaze shot towards a woman in a blue dress.

The woman gazed at the man and frowned slightly, “Mo He? What’re you doing here? Are you here to kill Yang Ye too?”

Mo He’s expression changed slightly, “You’re here to kill Yang Ye?”

She nodded, “What? You too?”

He took a deep breath and replied, “Yunshui, come with me! Right now!”

She frowned, “What are you trying to say?”

He walked over to her and spoke in an extremely serious manner, “Trust me, come with me right now!”

She didn’t know how terrifying Yang Ye was, but he did. Even though this group had an absolute advantage in numbers, even another 100 would be useless before someone like Yang Ye!

Because killing these people only required a swing of the sword to Yang Ye!

She glanced at Mo He and said, “You’re extremely afraid of him?”

Mo He spoke seriously, “Yunshui, you’re no match for him. Listen to me this time, alright?”

She looked him in the eyes, “Do you know why I don’t like you?”

Mo He’s face froze. He was about to speak when she continued, “Because you’re always hesitant. You dare not do this, you dare not do that. I, Li Yunshui, like a heroic man, but you’re too cowardly!”

Mo He laughed bitterly and said, “I know, I know all of that. But Yunshui, just listen to me this time, alright? So long as you leave with me, I guarantee that I won’t bother you again! I’m serious! Just take it as me begging you, alright?”

A wisp of disdain flashed through her eyes. She didn’t say anything to him, and she just gazed at the bald man, “Brother Gu, shall we?”

The bald man glanced at Mo He and said, “Miss Li, you made the right choice. How can such a guy be worthy of you?”

As he spoke, he gazed at Yang Ye and smiled fiercely, “Brother, it’s time to change our destiny. Kill!”

He was the first to charge forward once he finished speaking.

The others behind him charged over as well, and the woman in a blue dress did the same.

A wisp of resolve flashed through Mo He’s eyes, and then he charged over as well.

They weren’t ordinary experts, so they were extremely swift, and it only took an instant for them to surround Yang Ye.

Something worth mentioning was that while the bald man had been the first to charge, he suddenly slowed down once the others started charging. So, someone else was the first to arrive before Yang Ye.

Right when that person arrived around a meter away from Yang Ye, Yang Ye suddenly opened his eyes, and then a sword pierced through that person’s forehead. An instant later, that person’s figure was split into two.

It happened too abruptly, so many hadn’t even been able to react to it. Meanwhile, the sword appeared before another person’s forehead, and then it pierced through as expected. A moment later, another head flew up into the air.

Just like that, ten people lost their heads before the others could even react!

A head with every strike!

Yang Ye hadn’t executed Split Second. They weren’t worth it. They were just simple swings of his sword. He executed ten in a moment, and they overlapped together. They were extremely strong and swift. Perhaps they were no threat to True Realm experts, but these people before him were absolutely unable to stop his attacks!

When they recovered from their shock, 20 heads were on the ground.

At this moment, many were afraid.

Truly afraid!

At this moment, they realized how terrifying their target was. He wasn’t someone they could fight at all.

At this moment, they understood why the Yang Clan was paying such a huge price for Yang Ye’s head.

Flee!

Only that thought remained in the minds of many!

The bald man was the first to start fleeing. However, Yang Ye gazed at him. A moment later, Yang Ye appeared in front of the bald man, causing the latter’s expression to change drastically. His reaction was extremely swift, and he swiftly swung his saber at Yang Ye.

The saber had just arrived over a dozen centimeters above Yang Ye’s head when it suddenly broke into two, and then a sword pierced through the bald man’s forehead.

The bald man’s eyes opened wide, and they were filled with disbelief. He hadn’t expected that he wouldn’t even be able to resist a single swing of Yang Ye’s sword.

Yang Ye looked the bald man in the eyes and said, “Change your destiny? Indeed. Reincarnate better and start all over again. That can be considered as changing your destiny too.”

Yang Ye twisted his wrist once he finished speaking.

Hiss!

The bald man’s head flew up into the air.

Yang Ye didn’t stop after taking the bald man’s head. Because many in the surroundings were fleeing.

He didn’t spare them!

How could he?

They wanted to kill him. So, if he didn’t have the strength, would they let him live? Moreover, he firmly believed that even if he spared them, they would definitely try to kill him again if they had the chance!

That was human nature!

Besides that, being benevolent to the enemy was cruelty to oneself.

The slaughter began!

If they had stayed united against Yang Ye, then while Yang Ye wouldn’t die, he would definitely be unable to slaughter them with such ease. However, they were gathered at the last moment, so how could they possibly work together?

Every attack took a head!

Meanwhile, Yang Ye suddenly gazed at the woman in a blue dress who’d arrived over 5km away. Her face instantly turned ghastly pale when she noticed Yang Ye’s gaze. She’d noticed that anyone Yang Ye looked at would die!

Sure enough, she sensed the aura of death coming for her.

A sword appeared behind her at a speed which wasn’t even visible to the eye.

She closed her eyes.

Hiss!

An instant later, the sound of a sword stabbing into flesh resounded.

However, she opened her eyes. I’m still alive?

She turned around, and she saw a man had suddenly appeared there. It was Mo He, and Yang Ye’s sword was stabbed through the center of Mo He’s forehead.

The woman was stunned.

Yang Ye gazed at Mo He for a few moments and said, “You planned this.” The man was utterly unable to see the movements of his sword, so there was only one explanation. The man had moved to protect her as soon as he saw Yang Ye looking at her.

Blood was flowing down incessantly from Mo He’s forehead. It only took a moment to cover his face in blood. However, his eyes were still open, and he was looking at Yang Ye. He said, “I… I’ll use… my… my life… for… for hers… alright?”

Yang Ye gazed at Mo He for a while and replied, “Alright!”

Mo He cracked a smile, but it didn’t take long for his smile to stiffen. At the same time, the color in his eyes faded. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Yang Ye pulled out his sword and left.

At the instant Yang Ye’s sword was pulled out, Mo He’s corpse fell backwards, but the woman in a blue dress caught it.

She just stared blankly at Mo He and spoke with dejection, “Why… why…?”

Meanwhile, Yang Ye stopped, fell silent for a moment, and suddenly said, “Because of his love for you. His love for you surpassed his fear of death.”

Yang Ye sat cross-legged on the ground once he finished speaking, and then he withdrew two Energy Pearls and consumed them.

Suddenly, Yang Ye frowned slightly. After that, the scroll Yang Lianshuang gave him appeared in front of him. The corners of his mouth curled up when he saw the contents of it, and his smile was quite ferocious.

The rewards promised by the Yang Clan had been increased by five times!

Five times!