Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1730 - Kill Until None Are Left!

Compromise?

Of course not!

Yang Ye was very well aware of how the clans acted. They were used to being in a position of superiority, so compromising with them would make them think that you fear them. At that time, they would try to take a yard.

So, he couldn’t make a compromise.

Once he did, the potential troubles were endless!

Yang Ye gazed at the old man while a smile curled up on the corners of his mouth, “Three…”

The old man stared at Yang Ye, “Looks like killing a few True Realm experts has made you overestimate your ability.”

He took a step forward once he finished speaking, and he was about to attack. However, the old man’s expression changed, and then he vanished on the spot.

He was over 1km away when his figure appeared again. However, as soon as he stopped there, he hadn’t even been able to catch his breath when a ray of ghastly cold light assaulted him.

The old man’s pupils constricted slightly, and he vanished on the spot again.

Hiss!

The old man’s figure vanished on the spot, but one of his arms hadn’t left with him.

Yang Ye didn’t attack again. He withdrew two Energy Pearls and swallowed them, and then he gazed at the old man. There was a trace of solemnness in his eyes. Both the attacks he just executed were Split Seconds, but he still hadn’t been able to kill the old man. The old man’s strength was at the 3rd stage of the True Realm at least.

Two Split Seconds weren’t able to kill 3rd stage True Realm experts, and it could only heavily injure them.

Yang Ye closed his eyes slowly. I have to get even stronger!

Split Second had a huge amount of space to grow, and he knew that he had to make it stronger!

The old man from the Ying Clan glanced at his arm, and then he looked up at Yang Ye. At this moment, there was no contempt in his eyes, and there was only solemness.

If he hadn’t reacted quickly, those two attacks may have taken his head!

They were swift!

They were so swift that they posed a huge threat even to him!

The old man gazed at Yang Ye for a long time and said, “I didn’t expect your strength to be at such a level. No wonder you’re so arrogant. But do you think that you can fight my Ying Clan with just that?”

Yang Ye chuckled, “Fight your Ying Clan? Old Man, it’s your Ying Clan that came looking for trouble with me. What? Only your Ying Clan’s members can kill me, but I can’t kill them?”

The old man gazed at Yang Ye and said, “I don’t care about that. All I know is that anyone who dares to touch a member of my Ying Clan must die!”

Meanwhile, Yang Ye raised his hand and pointed his sword at the old man, “Come give it a try!”

A vicious glow flashed through the old man’s eyes. He stretched his hand forward and suddenly clenched it. In an instant, a huge fist that was 300m wide flashed out from the expanse of space before him, and it slammed down at Yang Ye.

But at the moment the huge fist appeared, the old man’s expression changed drastically, and then the huge fist instantly shattered.

After that, the old man’s figure stiffened on the spot.

Yang Ye had suddenly appeared behind the old man, and his sword had been exchanged for the wooden sword!

The wooden sword!

He didn’t want to use external sources of strength, but that depended on the circumstances. He wasn’t afraid to fight the old man to the death, and he was even 50% confident that he could kill the old man. However, that wasted too much time, and he would definitely suffer heavy injuries!

He couldn’t afford to suffer injuries right now.

Because many people were still targeting him. If he was heavily injured, those people would definitely stop hesitating and swarm him.

So, he chose to use the wooden sword!

Something worth mentioning was that after he promised to take the wooden sword to the Secret Sect, the wooden sword stopped rejecting him that much. Besides that, he could use it three times in a month now.

As far as Yang Ye was concerned, that was good news!

Many people in the surroundings hadn’t realized what had just happened.

Suddenly, a gust of wind blew by, and then the old man’s head fell off his neck.

The spectators were stunned by this scene.

He’s dead?

A True Realm expert of the Ying Clan was killed just like that?

As for Ying Mu, his eyes were filled with disbelief. Because his third uncle was a peak 3rd stage True Realm expert!

Yet now, his third uncle was dead just like that!

Meanwhile, Yang Ye suddenly gazed at Ying Mu. The latter’s expression changed, and he retreated 3km away.

Yang Ye was stunned. That fellow is that afraid of me?

“Haha!”

Many spectators couldn’t help but roar with laughter.

Ying Mu’s expression became extremely unsightly. Actually, he thought Yang Ye was about to attack him. Because Yang Ye’s attacks were extremely swift, he'd instinctively moved 3km back. But he hadn’t expected that Yang Ye hadn’t attacked!

So, he was in an embarrassing position!

Meanwhile, Yang Ye said, “Tell the person in-charge of your Ying Clan that I don’t want to offend the Ying Clan, but I’m not afraid of it as well. If the Ying Clan wants to kill me like the Yang Clan does, then feel free to come at me.”

Ying Mu laughed coldly, “Yang Ye! Who do you think you are? Just because…”

Yang Ye suddenly interrupted Ying Mu, “Say another word and you don’t have to leave today!”

Ying Mu’s face froze, but he didn’t dare to speak a word. He just grunted coldly and vanished on the spot.

After he watched Yang Ye kill his third uncle, he didn’t have the courage to continue fighting Yang Ye in single combat. Especially when Yang Ye was holding such a powerful weapon.

Actually, Yang Ye wasn’t able to kill Ying Mu right now. Because that previous attack had completely exhausted the profound energy he just recovered.

Unfortunately, Ying Mu wasn’t aware of that. Of course, he couldn’t kill Yang Ye even if he was aware of that. After all, Yang Ye had Qiong Qi with him.

After Ying Mu left, Yang Ye sat cross-legged on the ground and immersed his mind into his body.

His divine sense swept the Primordial Pagoda, and he was stunned because he didn’t notice the Vile Tiger anywhere.

Qiong Qi suddenly appeared before Yang Ye and asked, “You’re looking for that demon beast from before?”

Yang Ye nodded, “Where did that fellow go?”

Qiong Qi pointed at his stomach, “It’s in here!”

Yang Ye was speechless.

Qiong Qi said, “It was in the True Realm. So, devouring its energy will allow me to improve my own strength.”

Yang Ye smiled, “It’s fine. It isn’t a big deal.”

Qiong Qi glanced at Yang Ye and nodded, “Be careful. The Ying Clan will definitely not let the matter rest!”

Yang Ye replied, “I know!”

Qiong Qi said, “Kid, your path is still a very long one, and you have a precious treasure in your possession. So, your path is bound to not be easy. The Yang Clan may just be the beginning, and the true difficulties are still to come!”

As soon as he finished speaking, Qiong Qi vanished on the spot.

It’s still to come! Yang Ye took a deep breath. He refused to think about the future for now. The important matter at hand was to think about how to get through the current difficulties he was facing!

It didn’t take long for Yang Ye to return to the outside world.

At this moment, he didn’t dare to get distracted. Because someone may launch a surprise attack against him at any moment.

After he withdrew two Energy Pearls and consumed them, Yang Ye started to recover his profound energy.

He still couldn’t leave now. Because he hadn’t killed enough. The amount he killed was far from sufficient. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

If he wanted to make the world dare not look for trouble with him, then he had to kill a huge amount, an extremely huge amount!

Stop killing with killing!

The news of how Yang Ye instantly annihilated True Realm experts was intentionally spread by some, and it swiftly swept towards the surroundings.

In the end, fewer and fewer came to look for Yang Ye.

At the very least, those without the ability to kill True Realm experts didn’t dare to come looking for him. However, some refused to believe that Yang Ye was that strong, and they were still rushing to Sword Immortal City.

Wealth could cloud one’s judgment!

There were also some who were confident in their own ability. As far as they were concerned, the news about Yang Ye instantly killing True Realm experts was definitely just an exaggeration. So, they came to fight him.

There were people coming for Yang Ye at practically every moment. Yang Ye didn’t refuse any challengers, and he killed them all.

Just like that, more and more heads were piled up outside Sword Immortal City. At this point, there were over 2,000 heads there, and a huge area in front of Yang Ye had turned blood red!

It was dyed red with blood!

Time tricked by. Three days later, there were over 10,000 heads below the city walls.

The heads belonged to Rebirth Realm experts, Zenith Realm experts, and even True Realm experts. Moreover, there were quite a bit of True Realm experts amongst them.

The atmosphere throughout the city was quite oppressive.

How long is Yang Ye going to kill for?

Everyone on the city walls had the same question in their minds.

Five days later.

There were over 30,000 heads piled up outside the city, and the ground there had turned completely blood red while the smell of blood filled the air throughout the city.

Something worth mentioning was that fewer and fewer were coming to look for Yang Ye.

At the same time, Yang Ye’s deeds in Sword Immortal City had spread through the medium universe.

However, after they were spread, they became slightly exaggerated. For example, the over 30,000 heads piled up there had become over 100,000…

Yang Ye was seated cross-legged below the city walls, and the Sword Precursor was stabbed in the ground before him.

Time trickled by. During this period, some people had appeared outside the city, but they immediately turned around and left after seeing the pile of heads behind Yang Ye. There were also some who entered the city and went up the city walls.

How many more does Yang Ye intend to kill?

How many more do I intend to kill?

YY had asked the same question to himself, but he didn’t have an answer.

In the past, he’d kept a very low profile, so just about anyone dared to come looking for trouble with him. Yet now, he intended to make a show of strength. He wanted the world to be aware of his strength, and he wanted them to be very well aware that if they dared to look for trouble with him, then they should be prepared to lose their heads!

The facts proved that it was quite an effective method.

Because at this point in time, there were truly few who came to challenge him, and there were practically no more than five that came every day!

Suddenly, a woman appeared not too far away from Yang Ye.

Yang Ye suddenly opened his eyes. He gazed at the woman, and then he frowned, “It’s you…”