Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1733 - Evil Cultivators!

Yang Ye stopped and hid in a corner.

Yang Ye asked, “Strange?”

The Divine Yin Flame spoke solemnly, “Very strange.”

Yang Ye was puzzled, “Why?”

The Divine Yin Flame replied solemnly, “The aura of evil exists here!”

Yang Ye asked, “The aura of evil? Be a little more specific!”

The Divine Yin Flame spoke solemnly, “Amongst the ancient cultivators were human cultivators, demon cultivators, devil cultivators, and evil cultivators. The evil cultivators were the most mysterious amongst them, and they specialized in diverting from the normal path. It was why they cultivated very quickly, but they were the most abnormal as well. After all, only those who weren’t normal would choose to do that!”

Yang Ye asked, “Theis abode belongs to an evil cultivator?”

The Divine Yin Flame replied, “It’s very likely. The reason I called it strange was because evil cultivators had practically gone extinct at that time.”

Yang Ye asked, “Why?”

The Divine Yin Flame spoke solemnly, “They incurred public wrath. The first group of evil cultivators had been able to cultivate very quickly due to the abnormal way they cultivated, so many followed them. This made many other cultivators become evil cultivators as well. However, they obtained strength through extreme methods, and such strength didn’t last long. In the end, problems arose in all of them, and many of them paid with their lives.”

Yang Ye asked, “So, the other cultivators joined forces to annihilate them?”

“Yes!” The Divine Yin Flame explained, “The first batch of evil cultivators were practically annihilated, so the rest couldn’t escape death. After that, evil cultivators ceased to exist in the Milky Way System. But I never expected the aura of evil cultivators to exist here! Of course, most importantly, I sense Master’s aura here as well!”

Yang Ye’s eyelids twitched, “You sense your master’s aura here?”

The Divine Yin Flame replied, “Yes. So it represents that he has been here.”

The old man in Daoist’s robes has been here! Yang Ye fell silent for a long time, and then he said, “Let’s go have a look!”

He glanced at the surroundings once he finished speaking.

After entering the cave, Yang Ye noticed that there was a world behind it. Because he noticed that stars filled the area above him, and it represented that the entire mountain was empty!

Yang Ye remained silent on the spot before moving forward.

At this moment, he was covered in a black robe. Coupled with the Sword Domain’s ability to conceal him, even a True Realm expert couldn’t discern his true appearance. He’d put his sword away as well. He didn’t want to expose himself unless he had no other choice!

It was silent!

All along the way, the surroundings were extremely quiet, and there hadn’t been a single sound.

When a place was quiet to such an extent, it was quite abnormal.

Yang Ye remained vigilant at all times.

“AH!” Suddenly, a shrill cry resounded from Yang Ye’s left. He stopped and shot a glance in that direction, but he didn’t go over and just withdrew his gaze before continuing forward.

He naturally didn’t intend to be a busybody, nor did he have any intention to go watch. Only someone who had nothing better to do would draw trouble to oneself.

Those who dared to come here should be prepared to die.

Ruins had never been a safe place. Most importantly, the people here were usually the most dangerous!

After walking for almost a quarter of an hour, Yang Ye suddenly frowned. Because he’d heard no less than ten shrill cries all along the way. The shrill cries carried boundless pain and terror!

It didn’t sound like the shrill cries which came from people who were being killed!

Suddenly, Yang Ye looked up towards the distance. There was a mire not too far away from him, and it was bubbling right now!

A moment later, a rotting corpse stood up there.

After that, it suddenly appeared before Yang Ye and slapped its palm at him.

Yang Ye clenched his left fist and slammed it forward!

Boom!

An explosion resounded. Yang Ye was blasted 300m back, but the corpse remained on the spot!

What the heck is that? Yang Ye frowned. He hadn’t expected the corpse to be that strong and blast him backward with a single slap!

Suddenly, Yang Ye’s expression changed. He looked down at his left hand, and he noticed that it was decaying rapidly.

Yang Ye was shocked. He quickly circulated Primordial Violet Energy, and his hand was instantly repaired.

Yang Ye looked up at the rotting corpse, and there was a trace of solemness in his eyes.

Meanwhile, the corpse vanished on the spot, and it was in front of him when it appeared again. At the same time, it raised its shriveled up hand and slammed its palm at him again.

Bang!

The space around Yang Ye shook violently before it.

Yang Ye didn’t dare act carelessly, and he slammed his fist forward again. This time, he hadn’t held back and used his full strength!

Boom!

As soon as palm and fist collided, Yang Ye was blasted over 100m away again, and the rotting corpse was pushed over 30m back!

Yang Ye was truly shocked this time.

It was actually that strong!

Yang Ye gazed at the rotting corpse. While its body was rotting, its eyes were completely fine, but they were filled with viciousness.

Meanwhile, the corpse shot explosively in his direction.

Yang Ye’s expression changed and was about to attack, but a ray of sword energy flashed. It was extremely swift and instantly slammed against the corpse’s chest.

Bang!

The corpse was pushed backwards repeatedly, and it was pushed over 30m before it finally stopped. However, there wasn’t even a dent in its body.

Yang Ye looked to his left. A woman had suddenly appeared there, and Yang Ye was stunned when he saw her. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

It was because he knew her. It was the Ku Clan’s Ku Zhuyi!

Ku Zhuyi glanced at Yang Ye, “Have we met? Why do you feel very familiar to me?”

Yang Ye was stunned, and he shook his head, “We haven’t!”

His voice sounded hoarse, and it was very different from his normal voice.

She gazed at him for a long time before she said, “This rotting corpse isn’t ordinary, and there may be more ahead. How about we join forces?”

Yang Ye thought for a moment before he nodded, “Alright!”

“OK, attack!” As soon as she finished speaking, she transformed into a ray of light that shot towards the corpse.

Yang Ye naturally didn’t just watch. He charged at the corpse as well. After all, it was quite difficult for him to deal with this corpse without using his sword.

However, the corpse didn’t fall into a disadvantage at all while facing their joint forces!

The main reason was its defenses. Regardless of whether it was Yang Ye’s fist or Ku Zhuyi’s sword, they weren’t able to penetrate its defenses.

At this moment, their faces became extremely solemn.

Obviously, they hadn’t expected the corpse to be that strong.

A short while later, Yang Ye spoke solemnly, “Retreat!”

He’d realized that he wouldn’t be able to kill it without using his sword. Because its defenses were countless times stronger than his own! If this battle continued, it would only be a waste of time and energy!

Ku Zhuyi nodded. She didn’t attack again and just transformed into a ray of light that shot off into the distance.

Yang Ye stomped his right foot on the ground and shot off like an arrow that left the bow.

However, the rotting corpse followed closely behind them, and it gradually showed signs of catching up to Ku Zhuyi.

Because her speed was much inferior when compared to Yang Ye. Yang Ye’s speed was being enhanced by the Spatial Laws and Laws of Speed, so even if he didn’t use his sword to fly, his speed wasn’t something that just anyone could compare to.

Yang Ye hesitated for a moment when he saw it catching up to her, and then he turned around and charged at the rotting corpse.

There was some conflict between him and the Ku Clan, but his relationship with her wasn’t bad. So, he couldn’t just stand by idly and watch it catch up to her.

Yang Ye was extremely swift. He instantly arrived before the rotting corpse and slammed his fist forward.

Boom!

The rotting corpse was blasted over 100m away, and he was pushed over 30m back as well. Moreover, cracks had appeared on his fist.

Ku Zhuyi glanced at Yang Ye and asked, “Are you alright?”

Yang Ye shook his head and gazed at the corpse, “Do you know what the heck that is?”

Ku Zhuyi shook her head, “I don’t know. However, it should be a being from the ancient times.” She gazed at Yang Ye and continued, “What should we do now?”

Yang Ye cracked his neck and said, “What else can we do? Since we can’t outrun it, then we have to fight it.”

Ku Zhuyi was about to speak when the rotting corpse arrived before them. She hurriedly drew his sword while Yang Ye slammed his fist forward again.

Bang!

Boom!

The rotting corpse was blasted 300m away, but it wasn’t harmed at all. At the same time, the vicious glow in its eyes grew stronger.

Ku Zhuyi glanced at Yang Ye’s left hand. At this moment, his hand was blood red because blood had seeped out from it after it cracked open from the collision.

She fell silent for a moment, and then she flipped her right hand. A sword appeared before Yang Ye as she said, “Use that sword!”

Yang Ye was stunned when he saw the sword, and then he shook his head, “Er… I… I don’t know how to use a sword!”

She replied, “You don’t have to use sword techniques! Just swing it!”

Yang Ye thought for a moment, and he was just about to speak when the ground not too far away from them trembled. After that, a few dozen rotting corpses emerged from the ground.

As soon as he saw the rotting corpse, Yang Ye was stunned, and then his face became extremely unsightly. He couldn’t help but curse, “Fuck!”