Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1735 - No! No! I Refuse!

Blood red hands!

Countless pairs of blood red hands had suddenly shot up from the ground, and it caused their scalps to go numb.

The ground was still shaking.

Those hands were moving upwards violently, and they seemed like they were trying to climb up from beneath the ground.

Yang Ye frowned, “What the hell is that?”

Ku Zhuyi shook her head, “I don’t know!”

The ground was still trembling violently, and the hands were emerging more and more from beneath the ground. If this continued, the people below the ground would definitely come up to ground level.

Yang Ye glanced at the ground. At this moment, he noticed that the ground was covered in markings that were fine like worms. The marks were glowing faintly right now, but it was very faint and seemed like it would vanish at any moment.

It wasn’t just the ground, even the walls had those markings. However, they had been hidden before this, and they only became visible once the hands emerged from the ground.

Yang Ye immediately came to an understanding once he saw those marks.

Something was definitely being sealed within this city!

Ku Zhuyi gazed at Yang Ye, “What do we do now?”

“What else?” Yang Ye rolled his eyes, “Flee, of course!” Even though he didn’t know what was sealed down there, he was sure it wasn’t anything good. Perhaps it may even be more terrifying than the rotting corpses.

Ku Zhuyi nodded and displayed her agreement.

They didn’t say another word and just left.

It didn’t take long for them to leave the city. Yang Ye stood in midair and glanced at the surroundings, and then his face fell. His current vision was capable of seeing very far away, yet now, he could only see within an area of 3km. As for the area outside that scope of 3km, everything was blurry.

At this moment, he didn’t really dare to move about rashly.

After all, they would be in trouble if they encountered that group of rotting corpses again!

Suddenly, a few dozen people emerged from the city. Ku Zhuyi’s face fell at the sight of them. Because it was Ying Mu’s group.

Ying Mu was stunned when he saw Yang Ye and Ku Zhuyi, and then a cold smile curled up on the corners of his mouth, “Enemies always meet!’

Ku Zhuyi glanced at Ying Mu and remained silent.

Ying Mu was about to speak when the expressions of everyone here changed. All of them looked towards the city. A group of blood red men had suddenly appeared on the city walls, and those men were staring at them!

They felt their hairs stand on end when being stared at by those blood red men.

Meanwhile, Yang Ye suddenly wrapped his left arm around Ku Zhuyi’s waist. She glanced at him and didn’t say anything.

The surroundings suddenly fell silent.

No one moved. No one dared to act rashly right now.

“Let’s go!” Suddenly, Ying Mu waved his right hand, and then he shot towards the distance.

Yang Ye took Ku Zhuyi with him as he vanished on the spot as well.

The others flashed towards the distance as well.

After they arrived around 3km away, Yang Ye turned around and shot a glance back at the city. He was shocked by what he saw. Because the city walls were covered in blood red figures now, and those figures were staring at them!

Yang Ye took a deep and long glance at the blood red figures, and then he sped up. It didn’t take long for him to vanish into the darkness.

However, he hadn’t gone far before he stopped, and both Ku Zhuyi and Yang Ye had extremely unsightly expressions on their faces. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Because numerous rotting corpses weren’t very far ahead of them, and there were a few dozen of them!

Yang Ye glanced at the surroundings, and his face fell when he saw the situation in the surroundings. It was because he noticed that rotting corpses were wandering throughout the darkness. In other words, the surroundings were filled with them!

Ku Zhuyi had noticed that too, so she immediately gazed at Yang Ye, “What should we do?”

What should we do?Kill our way through?

Yang Ye shook his head because he didn’t know how many corpses were there in the darkness. If they were endless, then would both of them be finished? He couldn’t kill that many rotting corpses even if he wielded his sword.

But why are these terrifying things in this place? Yang Ye’s brows were knit tightly together. Actually, it was very unusual. These beings would definitely cause a storm of blood if they left this place. Because these rotting corpses weren’t just strong, there were a huge number of them too.

Why are these terrifying beings here?

Meanwhile, Ku Zhuyi suddenly said, “They are approaching!”

Yang Ye fell silent for a moment and said, “Let’s head back.”

As soon as he finished speaking, he wrapped his left arm around Ku Zhuyi’s waist and left. He noticed that there were no rotting corpses around the city. Obviously, the corpses didn’t dare to get close to the city.

As for the blood red figures in the city… weren’t they just blood red figures? He could turn blood red too!

Ku Zhuyi asked, “Are we really going to go back there?”

Yang Ye nodded, “Do you know another idea?”

She suddenly asked, “You can escape if you’re by yourself, right?”

Yang Ye glanced at her and nodded. Those rotting corpses couldn’t stop him if he was alone.

She asked, “Why are you helping me?”

Yang Ye shook his head slightly and remained silent. He had quite a good impression of her. If it wasn’t for her help, he wouldn’t have been able to enter the Ku Clan, and he wouldn’t have been able to gain the Soul Nurturing Tree to save Little Sky. Snowy had taken the Soul Nurturing Tree from the Ku Clan in order to save Little Sky, and he’d always felt quite guilty about that.

But he had no other choice because he wasn’t sure that just a branch of the tree was enough to save Little Sky. So, now that he’d met Ku Zhuyi here, and she was in trouble, he wasn’t able to just stand by idly and watch her die.

Ku Zhuyi glanced at him and didn’t say a word.

It didn’t take long for them to arrive back below the city walls. There were many blood red figures still standing on the city walls. Needless to say, seeing so many blood red figures during such a silent night was quite horrifying.

The blood red figures gazed at Yang Ye and Ku Zhuyi when they saw them return.

The blood red figures didn’t descend the city walls, and they just stared at Yang Ye and Ku Zhuyi.

Ku Zhuyi suddenly said, “They don’t seem to be able to get down here!”

Yang Ye nodded. Those blood red figures seemed like they couldn’t leave the city, so it was a good thing for them, of course. Even though he didn’t know how strong those blood red figures were, he had no doubt that they were not easy to deal with, and they may even be more terrifying than the rotting corpses!

Suddenly, Ku Zhuyi and Yang Ye looked towards the distance. Over 20 figures were rushing over in their direction.

They were led by Ying Mu!

Yang Ye glanced at Ying Mu’s group. He noticed that over a dozen from Ying Mu’s group had vanished. Moreover, all of them carried a varying degree of injuries. Obviously, they’d encountered the rotting corpses.

Ying Mu glanced coldly at Yang Ye and Ku Zhuyi in silence. No matter how stupid he was, he wouldn’t enter into conflict with Yang Ye and Ku Zhuyi right now. After all, they were in a very bad situation right now.

Suddenly, everyone’s expressions changed because the rotting corpses appeared 3km away from them!

However, those rotting corpses didn’t come any closer and seemed to be afraid of something.

Ku Zhuyi asked in a low voice, “What do we do now?”

“Wait!” Yang Ye said, “Wait until dawn arrives.”

She asked, “What if they’re still here after dawn arrives?”

Yang Ye spoke indifferently, “Then wait for death!”

He was definitely incapable of defeating that many rotting corpses. As for the blood red figures in the city, they were absolutely more terrifying than the rotting corpses.

Silence filled the surroundings.

No one said a word, but their expressions were extremely solemn. Regardless of whether it was the blood red figures on the city walls or the corpses, both were a huge threat to all of them. They couldn’t win if the corpses charged at them, and they weren’t confident in their ability to face those blood red figures!

Just like that, the three parties entered into a stalemate.

Time tricked by. Only two hours were left before dawn, but their expressions had grown even more solemn.

The moment before dawn was the darkest moment, and that was no joke!

Right when everyone was waiting through this torment…

Creak!

Suddenly, the sound of a door opening resounded through the silence. Their expressions changed when they heard that, and then they gazed towards the entrance of the city.

They watched as a woman in a red dress walked out from there.

The woman was around the age of 20. She was extremely beautiful to the point it took one’s breath away. Even Yang Ye’s breath was taken away by her beauty. She was truly gorgeous. Amongst the woman he knew, there wasn’t a single one who could surpass her, and they could only rival her at most!

Yang Ye wasn’t the only one. Ying Mu and the others had their breaths taken away too. Some men were worse, and they actually seem infatuated.

She walked slowly in their direction. Many people immediately returned to their senses when they saw this, and then vigilance covered their faces.

Even though they were shocked by her beauty, they weren’t ordinary experts, so they wouldn’t allow their lower bodies to control them.

It didn’t take long for her to swiftly arrive before Yang Ye and the others. After that, her gaze descended onto Yang Ye.

Yang Ye instantly had a bad feeling when she gazed at him.

“Come with me!” She turned around and started walking about once she finished speaking.

Everyone here gazed at Yang Ye.

Yang Ye was stunned, and then he shook his head, “No! No! I refuse!”

She didn’t stop and just continued forward, but her voice entered their ears, “The formation in the city will be at its weakest in 15 minutes from now. At that time, all of them will be able to come down here.”

They’ll be able to come down! Yang Ye’s expression changed, and he hurriedly said, “Actually, I was just joking. I’m coming…”

As soon as he finished speaking, he immediately went after the woman.

The others were rendered speechless by this.