Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1923 – Snowy’s Bored!

Yang Ye hadn’t expected her to suddenly attack. While her strength far surpassed him, he refused to just stand by and wait for death to arrive.

Bang!

An aura swept out from Yang Ye, and it made her grip loosen slightly, but it only took a moment for her grip to suddenly tighten.

Bang!

Yang Ye’s aura instantly vanished without a trace, and his throat was still in her grasp.

She looked him in the eyes, “He wouldn’t take a human as his disciple. However, you have his command token and his cultivation technique. Human, tell me the truth!”

Yang Ye glanced at her, and then he spoke in his heart, “Senior, are you sure that you’re not going to show yourself?”

A moment of silence ensued, and then Hou Qing said, “I don’t want her to see me like this!”

Yang Ye spoke bitterly, “Then do you want to watch me die?”

Hou Qing suddenly said, “South Mountain!”

Yang Ye was puzzled, “What do you mean?”

Hou Qing answered, “Tell her that South Mountain is the place I can never forget!”

Yang Ye was stunned speechless.

Meanwhile, her grip tightened because Yang Ye remained quiet. Yang Ye was alarmed and hurriedly said, “South Mountain! He told me that it’s a place he can never forget.”

As soon as he finished speaking, her figure stiffened, and then she released her grip.

She looked him in the eyes, “Where is he?!”

Yang Ye hesitated for a moment, “Senior, I can only tell you that he’s still alive.”

“He’s still alive!” She clenched her fists slowly. However, her gaze wasn’t that icy cold anymore.

Meanwhile, Yang Ye said, “Senior, you should be aware that the Sovereign of Man once chased after him and heavily injured him. During this period, he just appeared to meet me, and that’s how we got to know each other. In the end, he felt my character wasn’t bad and I possess extraordinary natural talent, so he made me become his disciple.”

Hou Qing felt speechless in the Primordial Pagoda.

The woman sized up Yang Ye and said, “While you’re quite sly, your natural talent isn’t bad. Come with me!”

Her figure transformed into a ray of dark light that vanished into the distance.

Yang Ye visibly relaxed and quickly followed after her.

Yang Ye followed her to a palace. The palace wasn’t very similar to the palaces of the human race. It was built from rocks that flickered with a black glow, and while it was built by piling up rocks, it was very aesthetic.

Yin Hou sat at the seat of the host while Yang Ye sat below.

She went straight to the point, “Why did he ask you to come see me?”

Yang Ye replied, “The Sky Dimension. I want to go to the Sky Dimension. I hope you’ll help me!”

The Sky Dimension!

Yin Hou frowned, “Why do you want to go there?”

Yang Ye replied, “I have something to do there!”

She glanced at him, “Do you know what kind of place it is?”

He shook his head, “I’m not very sure. I just know a little about it!”

Yin Hou walked over to Yang Ye, “Actually, humans live in the Sky Dimension. However, they don’t consider themselves as human anymore!”

Yang Ye was puzzled, “What do you mean?”

She replied, “Evolution. A very long time ago, the shaman race, human race, and sky race were one. Unfortunately, we split into two because of different beliefs, and that was the human race and shaman race. As for the sky race, they achieved evolution. In the end, some powerful experts led the evolved humans away and established the sky race.”

“Evolution?” Yang Ye frowned, “Humans can evolve?”

“Of course!” Yin Hou continued, “Everything can evolve. Humans are part of the world, and humans are beings with high levels of intelligence, so it’s naturally possible for humans to evolve. However, not all humans can evolve. But those who do achieve evolution possess souls and bodies that are much stronger. So, cultivation is much easier for them!

Yang Ye said, “Senior, there’s definitely a reason why you’re telling me this, right?”

She nodded, “While the sky race was once human, they don’t think they’re human. They feel that they’re the spirit of all things. In short, they’re a very proud race of beings, and their pride is simply beyond your imagination!”

A proud race!

Yang Ye smiled. Actually, he’d experienced how proud Xiao Qi was. Her pride was absolutely terrifying!

Yin Hou said, “The sky race doesn’t like humans in the Sky Dimension. They’re extremely hostile to humans. Unless you’re an evolved human. Only such humans are accepted by the sky race.”

Yang Ye said, “I must go there!”

She glanced at him, “Are you sure?”

Yang Ye nodded, “Very sure!”

She nodded, “Fine. There just happens to be an opportunity now. Next month, I’ll be heading to the Sky Dimension on behalf of the shaman race to meet the Sovereign of Sky. You can come with me!”

Yang Ye was surprised, “You’re going to the Sky Dimension too?”

She nodded slightly, “I’m going there to conduct some business! So, in order to avoid unnecessary trouble, just stay here and don’t go anywhere until then. While you possess the bloodline of the shaman race and have cultivated our cultivation techniques, you’re still a human!”

Yang Ye nodded, “Alright!”

She nodded and vanished on the spot.

A month!

In his room, Yang Ye sat down cross-legged and entered the Primordial Pagoda.

Cultivate!

A month in the world outside was almost a year in the Primordial Pagoda. A year was enough for him to do a lot.

Yang Ye didn’t start cultivating immediately. He went to the 1st level, and he saw Snowy, Zhi’er, and the others playing. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Suddenly, Hou Qing appeared by Yang Ye’s side while his gaze was on Zhi’er, “That little girl’s natural talent is absolutely terrifying!”

Zhi’er!

Yang Ye gazed at her. The latter seemed to have sensed his gaze and looked at him before grinning. After that, she walked over to him and spoke softly, “Big Brother, Master!”

Yang Ye rubbed her head gently, “How is it in here?”

“It’s very nice!” She continued, “I’m very happy while playing with Snowy and the others!”

“That’s all that matters!” Yang Ye smiled, “Go on!”

She cracked a smile and ran over to Snowy, Bao’er, and the others.

Yang Ye gazed at Hou Qing, “How is she?”

Hou Qing replied, “Do you know what realm of cultivation she’s in right now?”

Yang Ye gazed at her, scanned her, and then a solemn expression appeared on his face.

The Rebirth Realm!

She’d actually attained the Rebirth Realm!

How long had she been cultivating for?

Meanwhile, Hou Qing said, “Her speed of cultivation is rarely seen. Regardless of what realm of cultivation it is, she can attain it without encountering any barriers. Even the Rebirth portion of the Rebirth Realm, she passed through it with absolute ease. Even though she was doing it in this pagoda and absorbed the purest violet energy to cultivate, it still isn’t able to explain how terrifying she is!”

Terrifying!

Yang Ye nodded. She really was quite terrifying.

Meanwhile, Hou Qing said, “Kid, her background is absolutely not ordinary. I keep having the feeling that her presence will make you face horrifying trouble in the future!”

Trouble!

Yang Ye glanced at Zhi’er who was playing with Snowy and the others, and then he smiled, “Let it come. What’s coming will come anyway. Moreover, I’ve had so much trouble all my life, so another one isn’t a big deal!”

Hou Qing smiled, “True. However, everything has two sides to it. She may bring trouble, but she may bring fortune as well. It’s very hard to say for sure.”

Yang Ye smiled, “I’m not going to think too much about that!”

Hou Qing said, “Kid, you have a strong point, and it’s that you rarely care about material gain when you do things. You only care about your own heart. If you think it’s right, then you do it, and you never care about the benefits you would get from it. A sincere heart. I think that’s why you’ve been able to attain your current accomplishments!”

A sincere heart?

Yang Ye chuckled and didn’t say anything in response. He walked over to Snowy, played with Snowy and the others for some time, and then he went to the cultivation room.

Xiao Yuxi and the others were cultivating there.

Cultivate!

Everyone had to cultivate. Because everyone knew that one would have nothing without strength.

Yang Ye didn’t disturb the others. He just sat down cross-legged and started cultivation.

He naturally had to cultivate too. His biggest problem right now was his realm of cultivation!

He had to rise to the Enlightened Realm!

So, Yang Ye started cultivating like a madman. Besides that, he spent some time perfecting his sword techniques.

His current sword techniques had converged the advantages of various other techniques and fused them into one. So, they had huge room for improvement and could grow incessantly!

In the Primordial Pagoda, Bao’er, Zhi’er, and the others had started to cultivate too.

While they were playful, they knew how important cultivating was. Of course, Su Qingshi had forced them to cultivate. Otherwise, they wouldn’t even have the desire to cultivate.

As for Zhi’er, that seemingly weak and gentle little girl cultivated even more painstakingly than everyone else.

Snowy and Lei Lin were the freest in the entire Primordial Pagoda.

They were so free that they were bored!

In the 2nd level, Snowy brought Lei Lin to the Divine Yin Flame. She looked into the furnace and was slightly curious and afraid.

Lei Lin imitated Snowy and did the same. But it only took a moment for her to move away while fear appeared in her eyes.

Danger!

That was what she sensed.

Meanwhile, Snowy suddenly went over to Lei Lin’s shoulder, and then she waved her claws before pointing at the Divine Yin Flame.

Lei Lin blinked, “That’s not very nice, isn’t it?”

Snowy cracked a smile, patted her own chest, and seemed like she was saying that she was here, so Lei Lin had nothing to worry about.

Lei Lin was still quite hesitant.

Meanwhile, Snowy rubbed Lei Lin’s head before waving her claws about again.

Lei Lin blinked, “Is it really fun?”

Snowy quickly nodded to express that she was telling the truth.

Lei Lin bit her lip and said, “Alright!”

As soon as she finished speaking, she suddenly raised her hands, and then two huge bolts of lightning condensed in her grasp.

After that, Snowy watched with excitement as Lei Lin tossed the bolts of lightning towards the pill furnace!