Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1924 – I Admit Defeat!

Nothing happened.

Because the bolts of lightning were obliterated upon entering the furnace.

Snowy turned to look at Lei Li. At this moment, she was looking at Snowy too. Both the little fellows blinked and blinked at each other.

Lei Lin spoke softly, “It didn’t explode!”

Snowy glanced at the furnace, and then she gazed at Lei Lin and pointed lightly at the furnace.

She was telling Lei Lin to continue!

Lei Lin blinked, “Snowy, will we cause trouble?”

Trouble!

Snowy rubbed her own head and was slightly hesitant. Yang Ye had started to tell her not to cause trouble.

But what was trouble?

Fun things shouldn’t be considered as trouble, right?

That was what Snowy thought.

Meanwhile, the Sovereign of Man’s sword appeared in Snowy’s grasp. Lei Lin blinked and pulled on one of Snowy’s paws, “Snowy, don’t be rash.”

Snowy pointed at the furnace and started waving her claws.

Lei Li and Snowy were the same kind of beings, so she was naturally able to understand Snowy. She bit her lip and spoke softly, “Is it really that amazing?”

Snowy nodded, and then she raised the sword and pointed it into the furnace. But she seemed to have thought of something at this point, and she moved it away and aimed it at the furnace instead. Right when she was about to strike it, a ball of flames appeared before her.

It was the Divine Yin Flame.

The Divine Yin Flame had planned to ignore Snowy, so he’d ignored the ‘provocation’ from Snowy and Lei Lin just now. However, he hadn’t expected Snowy to plan to strike the furnace. At this moment, he naturally couldn’t just stand by idly and ignore them.

The Divine Yin Flame asked, “What are you doing?!”

Just like Hou Qing and Qiong Qi, the Divine Yin Flame feared Snowy quite a bit. Especially right now. She possessed the Sage Protection and coupled with the fact that the Primordial Pagoda protected her unreasonably, Snowy was like a little overlord in here!

Snowy put the sword behind her back and cracked a smile before stretching out one of her claws.

The Divine Yin Flame asked, “What do you want?”

Snowy blinked and waved her claws.

A short while passed before the Divine Yin Flame asked, “Why do you want my flames?”

Snowy waved her claw. She waved it extremely swiftly while excitement filled her eyes.

The Divine Yin Flame felt speechless.

Some time passed before a thumb-sized ball of flames flew over to Snowy. Snowy wanted to touch it but was slightly afraid.

Meanwhile, the Divine Yin Flame said, “It’s fine. It won’t harm you!”

Snowy blinked and unfurled her claw. The flame flew onto her palm. Joy flickered through Snowy’s eyes when she noticed that she was completely fine, and then she took Lei Lin’s hand and left with the flame.

“She’s finally gone…” A soft sigh resounded abruptly.

In the world on the 1st level.

Hou Qing gazed at Snowy, “What do you want?”

Snowy blinked and cracked a smile that turned into a brilliant smile.

Hou Qing asked again, “What the heck do you want?!”

Suddenly, Snowy raised her palm, and the Sovereign of Man’s sword flew into her grasp. An instant later, she closed her eyes.

Bang!

Two breaths of time later, a strand of flames swept out from her and instantly turned her into a flaming Snowy. Her sword had turned into a flaming sword too. Snowy pointed one of her claws at Hou Qing while gesturing at Hou Qing with the other claw.

She was telling him to fight her one on one!

Hou Qing glanced at Snowy with a strange expression on his face and asked, “Did Yang Ye teach you this?”

Snowy hurriedly shook her head and pointed at herself to say that she’d learned it herself.

The corners of Hou Qing’s mouth twitched, “Then you’re really amazing!”

Snowy cracked a smile and pointed her claw at Hou Qing to ask him to fight her.

Hou Qing hesitated for a moment and said, “I admit defeat!”

Admit defeat!

Snowy blinked while bewilderment covered her face. It was like she was asking what admitting defeat meant.

Hou Qing’s face fell. He knew that Snowy was feigning ignorance.

He couldn’t avoid the battle!

…

In the cultivation room, Yang Ye was seated cross-legged like a statue.

Suddenly, he opened his eyes and stood up slowly.

Huff!

A mouthful of foul air sprayed out from Yang Ye.

A voice came from the side, “You’re broken through?”

Yang Ye turned to look towards his source. It was Su Qingshi who’d stopped cultivating.

Yang Ye shook his head.

The Enlightened Realm!

He’d cultivated for almost a year in the Primordial Pagoda, but he still hadn’t attained the Enlightened Realm.

Su Qingshi asked softly, “Why?”

Yang Ye thought for a moment and said, “I’m just a little bit away from it, just a little bit!”

Just as he’d said, he was just a little bit away from the Enlightened Realm. He’d been half a step away from it previously, yet now, he was just a little bit away. However, that little bit kept him out of the Enlightened Realm.

Su Qingshi asked, “What’s the reason for that?”

He shook his head, “I don’t have an idea either.”

A short while passed before Yang Ye went to Hou Qing. However, Hou Qing had quite an unsightly expression on his face, and there were sparks and bits of flames flickering all over him.

Snowy and Lei Lin weren’t too far away from him. Snowy was seated on Lei Lin’s shoulder and was acting like she was very good.

Yang Ye glanced at Snowy and Lei Lin, and then he gazed at Hou Qing, “Senior, what happened?”

Hou Qing gazed at Snowy. The latter revealed a very brilliant smile, but it made Hou Qing’s eyelids twitch.

Hou Qing hesitated for a moment and was about to speak when Lei Lin suddenly spoke, “Big Brother, Snowy and Grandpa…”

Suddenly, Snowy covered Lei Lin’s mouth with her paw.

Yang Ye was at a loss for words when he saw this.

Lei Lin pushed Snowy’s paw aside and spoke softly, “Snowy, what are you doing?”

Snowy blinked, turned around to glance at Yang Ye, and then turned her back to him before starting to wave her claws.

“Oh…” Lei Lin nodded, “Big Brother can’t be allowed to find out about the one on one battle between Grandpa and you. Alright, I won’t tell him!”

Lei Lin’s voice wasn’t soft, so everyone here heard her clearly.

Snowy was speechless.

Yang Ye gazed at Snowy. The latter cracked a smile, flew over to his shoulder, and then rubbed her head lightly against Yang Ye’s face.

Yang Ye patted Snowy’s butt gently, “Don’t bother Grandpa Hou Qing anymore, alright?”

Snowy nodded. She didn’t dare to shake her head right now because her butt would suffer.

Yang Ye patted her gently on the head and smiled, “Go play with Lei Lin!”

Snowy nodded and flew over to Lei Lin’s shoulder before she patted Lei Lin’s shoulder lightly and started waving her claws.

Lei Lin grabbed one of Snowy’s claws and spoke softly, “Snowy, why did you want to fight Grandpa Hou Qing?”

Snowy raised one of her claws while a firm expression filled her eyes.

Lei Lin asked, “You want to become strong?”

Snowy nodded!

Lei Li tilted her head to the side and asked, “Why?”

Snowy turned around and pointed at Yang Ye before pointing at herself. After that, she started waving her claws.

“Oh…” Lei Lin nodded, “You want to help Big Brother… Alright, I want to become strong too because I want to help Big Brother too!”

Snowy nodded and waved her little claw. In an instant, a sword flew out from within her. In the end, the sword appeared below Lei Lin’s feet.

Snowy waved her hand, and then the sword carried them and vanished into the distance.

…

Hou Qing asked Yang Ye, “You’re a little bit away from the Enlightened Realm?”

Yang Ye nodded.

Hou Qing said, “Realms of cultivation like the Enlightened Realm are something that need both painstaking cultivation and fortune or karmic luck. You’re at the peak of the 6th stage of the True Realm, and you’re just a little bit away from the Enlightened Realm. Obviously, you need fortune, and that fortune may arrive in a moment, or it may take a very long time. In short, you can’t force it!”

He couldn’t force it!

Yang Ye nodded and laughed bitterly, “That’s all I can do for now.”

Hou Qing said, “Right, try to keep a low profile after you get to the Sky Dimension. They’re a very proud race. Besides a few other races, races like the shaman race, human race, and demon race are inferior beings to them.”

Yang Ye asked, “They’re that proud?”

Hou Qing said, “Extremely! Especially the royal family of the sky race. Right, that girl, Xiao Qi. She’s definitely from the royal family.”

The royal family!

Yang Ye nodded. He spoke with Hou Qing for a while before leaving the Primordial Pagoda.

After he left, it didn’t take long for Ying Hou to come to his room, “Let’s go!”

She vanished from the room once she finished speaking.

Yang Ye quickly followed after her.

In the sky, Yang Ye followed behind Ying Hou, and he could see everything down below as from up here.

The shaman race had many mountains. But it had many cities too. However, every single city was surrounded by mountains.

It didn’t take long for Ying Hou to stop.

Yang Ye looked down. There was a huge city down there, and it was so huge that it was double the size of Northern Sky City!

Ying Hou said, “Imperial Shaman City. The capital of the Shaman Dimension!”

Yang Ye nodded, “It’s huge!”

She nodded slightly, “Let’s go!”

It didn’t take long for them to enter the city.

Once he entered the city, Yang Ye felt tiny. The city was too huge, and he was too small. Most importantly, Yang Ye sensed countless powerful auras.

Ying Hou led him forward. All along the way, he encountered some armored guards. However, they immediately took a knee when they saw her.

They advanced smoothly all along the way. It didn’t take long for them to arrive at a palace. There were three words on top of it — Royal Shaman Palace.

She gazed at Yang Ye and said, “Wait here for me!”

Yang Ye nodded, “Alright!”

Ying Hou’s figure vanished on the spot.

Yang Ye sat down cross-legged. Meanwhile, a man and a woman walked over slowly from far. When they passed by Yang Ye, they suddenly stopped, and the man gazed at Yang Ye, “Human!” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Yang Ye’s expression changed when he heard this!