Chapter 2021 – I’m Not Skilled in Single Combat!

There was a man seated cross-legged in front of them, and he had his back towards them. While they couldn’t see his appearance, Yang Ye recognized him just from the sight of him.

Yang Ye chuckled. He hadn’t expected to encounter him here, or it should be said that he hadn’t expected that fellow to come here too!

Lin Tian walked over to the man’s back and was about to speak when the man seemed to have sensed something. He suddenly turned around, and he was stunned when he saw Yang Ye. A moment later, he stood up and walked over to Yang Ye, “I didn’t expect you to have come!”

The man had just one arm. He was Mad Saber whom Yang Ye had met in Sky Residence City!

Everyone gazed at Yang Ye, even Lin Tian did. Lin Tian asked, “You two know each other?”

Yang Ye smiled, “Of course.” He sized up Mad Saber’s empty sleeve and asked, “Are you still not going to restore it?”

Mad Saber shook his head slightly, “It’s fine like this!”

Yang Ye nodded slightly, “Fine.”

According to his knowledge, it was Mad Saber who’d chopped off his own arm. As for the reason, he’d never asked, and A’Man and the others had never asked as well.

Mad Saber’s arm could be restored. However, Yang Ye had never expected Mad Saber to not restore it after leaving the Dead Dimension.

There was definitely a reason for it, but since Mad Saber didn’t tell him, he wouldn’t ask.

“Brother Ye…” Meanwhile, Liao Fan suddenly smiled, “I didn’t expect you to know him. Looks like you’re quite the expert!”

“Ye Yang?” Mad Saber gazed at Yang Ye, and he immediately came to an understanding when he saw Yang Ye grin at him.

Yang Ye!

Those two words could be described as absolutely renowned throughout the large universe! If Yang Ye used his real name, it was obvious that it would cause a huge amount of trouble for him.

Yang Ye glanced at Liao Fan and smiled, “What are you talking about? We’ve just had some drinks together.”

“Is that so?” Liao Fan smiled. He wanted to say more, but Mad Saber suddenly said, “Let’s talk over there!”

As he spoke, he led Yang Ye towards the side. When he passed by a young man, he suddenly stopped and gazed at the young man, “Greet your big brother!”

The young man was stunned.

Yang Ye glanced at the young man. The young man looked quite alike to Mad Saber.

Mad Saber frowned slightly when he noticed the young man’s reaction, “Hmm?”

The young man puckered his lips, sized up Yang Ye, and stretched out his hand, “Big Brother, nice to meet you!”

He placed emphasis on the words ‘big brother’.

Yang Ye chuckled and shook the young man’s hand. However, the young man suddenly squeezed down, but at the moment he did that, Yang Ye suddenly squeezed as well.

Crack!

The sound of bones breaking resounded, and the young man’s face instantly turned pale. Meanwhile, a strand of faint violet energy entered the young man’s hand, and his broken bones were instantly repaired.

Yang Ye released the young man and patted him on the shoulder. After that, he gazed at Mad Saber, and the latter said, “My younger brother, Ming Che!”

Yang Ye smiled, “Not bad.”

Mad Saber nodded slightly, “His temper isn’t very good. Come over here. I have a lot to ask you.”

Yang Ye went over to the side with Mad Saber, and Ming Che followed them.

Mad Saber stopped and said, “I know what you did in the Sky Dimension. Now, all the youths of the devil race have committed your name to memory.”

“The Sky Dimension?” Ming Che was stunned, and then he seemed to have thought of something and gazed at Yang Ye, “You… You…”

Mad Saber spoke indifferently, “He’s the person you idolize!”

“You’re Yang Ye!” Ming Che gazed at Yang Ye with astonishment.

Yang Ye was at a loss for words.

Meanwhile, Ming Che walked over to Yang Ye and spoke with quite a bit of excitement, “Did you really challenge all the geniuses of the sky race by yourself?”

Yang Ye shook his head and smiled, and then he gazed at Mad Saber, “You’re here for the inheritance?”

Mad Saber nodded, “Sort of. I’m mainly here because my devil race doesn’t want it to fall into the sky race’s hands!”

The sky race!

Yang Ye hesitated for a moment but didn’t tell Mad Saber about Yu Jing in the end. He didn’t want Mad Saber to get mixed up in it. Even though Yu Jing was part of the sky race and Mad Saber was from the devil race, he was certain that Mad Saber would definitely not stand by idly if he knew the situation Yu Jing was in right now!

Yang Ye didn’t want Mad Saber to get mixed up in it, and he felt that he should shoulder it on his own!

Meanwhile, Mad Saber said, “There’s a Crimson Ox on that hill. It’s a being from the ancient times, and it was once in the Sky Dimension. If I’m not wrong, it should be that Sage’s mount. Even though the Sage has fallen, the Crimson Ox is still alive, and it’s clearly protecting that Sage!”

“A Crimson Ox?” Yang Ye frowned slightly, “What realm is it in?”

Mad Saber replied, “It’s unknown for now. However, it should be at the Zen Realm at the very least. Moreover, it’s no ordinary Zen Realm expert. I was quite worried before this, but now that you’re here, our joint forces shouldn’t have a problem dealing with it!”

Yang Ye looked up at the hill, “A Crimson Ox?”

He had a strange feeling about the place.

Mad Saber asked, “Do you have any questions?”

Yang Ye moved his gaze away and said, “Let’s go!”

Mad Saber nodded slightly, and then he led Yang Ye and Ming Che back to the group. Mad Saber glanced at the others and said, “Just as we discussed previously, we’ll go our own separate ways once the Crimson Ox is dealt with. We’ll rely on our own ability to gain possession of the Sage’s inheritance. All of you have no objections, right?”

All of them shook their heads.

Mad Saber said, “We’ll fight together later!”

As soon as he finished speaking, a saber appeared in his grasp, and then a ray of saber energy tore through the air. Right when it was about to strike the hill, a crimson shadow suddenly appeared before it, and then the saber energy was slammed into bits!

Bang!

A colossal figure appeared before Yang Ye and the others.

The Crimson Ox!

The Crimson Ox had just two legs, and its body was like a human’s, but its head was the head of an ox. There were two huge horns on its head, and they were almost 1.5m long. They seemed so sharp that they could tear through everything.

The Crimson Ox’s hands were even more shocking. They were like two thigh pillars that were filled with explosive strength!

Besides that, its entire body was extremely smooth. If one looked carefully, one would notice that there was actually a layer of scales there. These scales were extremely smooth like a mirror!

The expressions of everyone here became solemn at the sight of it. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Pressure!

While it hadn’t moved at all, all of them felt a strong wave of pressure coming from it!

It was even to the extent that some felt it was impossible to defeat!

The Crimson Ox’s eyes were like bronze bells. It glanced at everyone before it, and then it clenched its right fist and slammed it at them from afar.

Boom!

A wave of powerful force swept out, and it instantly blasted Liao Fan and the others 3km back.

Even Yang Ye had been pushed around 1m back. Mad Saber and A’Xiu were not too far behind him, and there were two other black robed men by their sides.

At this moment, everyone gazed at Yang Ye who was standing right at the front.

That attack from the Crimson Ox had clearly displayed all of their strengths. Yang Ye had been pushed back the least, so it meant that Yang Ye was absolutely strong.

Liao Fan and Lin Tian took a deep and long glance at Yang Ye, and then they exchanged glances. In the end, Lin Tian spoke solemnly, “Do you know where he’s from?”

Liao Fan shook his head.

Lin Tian spoke solemnly, “He’s definitely not ordinary!”

He looked towards the distance while he spoke.

The Crimson Ox’s gaze descended upon Yang Ye. It sized up Yang Ye for a moment, and then it suddenly leaped up and slammed its body down at Yang Ye.

Mad Saber immediately went over to Yang Ye’s side, and then he swung his saber forward.

Meanwhile, Yang Ye clenched his right fist and slammed his forward as well.

Bang!

Boom!

Two explosions resounded, and then Yang Ye and Mad Saber were pushed backwards repeatedly. Yang Ye was pushed over 300m before he finally stopped himself, and Mad Saber’s figure was still being pushed back. Yang Ye immediately grabbed Mad Saber’s shoulder with his left hand and stopped Mad Saber from being pushed further back. However, Mad Saber’s expression wasn’t very sightly!

Yang Ye had quite a solemn expression on his face too. The Crimson Ox was much stronger than he’d imagined!

Suddenly, the Crimson Ox vanished on the spot, and it was in the air above Yang Ye when it appeared again. After that, it flipped its body and descended head first at Yang Ye.

Mad Saber was about to attack when Yang Ye suddenly pushed slightly with his left hand, and Mad Saber was pushed over 100m away. At the same time, Yang Ye stomped his right foot down and transformed into a ray of white light that charged up into the air.

Just like that, Yang Ye’s small fist slammed against the Crimson Ox’s huge fist.

Boom!

Yang Ye was blasted into the ground. Mad Saber’s expression changed from the sight of this, and he was about to attack.

Suddenly, a figure shot up from beneath the ground and slammed a punch against the Crimson Ox’s chest.

Boom!

The Crimson Ox didn’t move at all, and the figure was pushed almost 300m back instead!

The figure had been pushed back by its own strength!

It was Yang Ye!

The faces of everyone here fell from the sight of this. The Crimson Ox’s physical strength and defenses aroused quite a bit of despair in them.

Suddenly, the Crimson Ox stretched out a finger and gestured at Yang Ye. Obviously, it was provoking him.

Yang Ye fell silent for a moment, and then he shook his head, “I’m not really skilled in single combat; I’m most skilled in group combat.”

As he spoke, he turned around and gazed at Liao Fan and the others, “What are all of you still standing there for? Attack it!”

All of them felt speechless.