Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2039 – Killed Someone!

A young man was standing at the center of the square on Gracious Mountain. He wore a luxurious cloud white robe, had his hands behind his back, and an indescribable smile. A spear floated by his side.

Suddenly, the young man looked up, and a ray of light shot down. An instant later, a young man in green clothes appeared in front of him!

It was Yang Ye, of course!

The young man’s eyes narrowed slightly when he saw Yang Ye. He sized up Yang Ye and said, “You’re…”

Om!

Suddenly, a ray of sword energy tore through the air, and the man’s voice stopped abruptly!

The young man’s reaction was extremely quick, and his spear had stabbed forward before the sword energy could arrive in front of him.

Bang!

The sword energy was blasted apart!

The young man stared at Yang Ye, “You…”

“What?” Yang Ye interrupted the young man, “I’m not interested in wasting my breath on you. If you don’t like it, just fight me!”

As soon as he finished speaking, Yang Ye stomped his right foot down and transformed into a ray of light.

Bang!

The ray of light arrived in front of the young man before he could even react, and the powerful sword energy within it made the young man instinctively move backwards. Moreover, when he sensed how sharp and fierce Yang Ye’s sword energy was, the young man finally revealed a wisp of solemness!

He had an extremely solemn expression!

The young man tightened his grip on the spear while his profound energy surged madly. In the end, he took it in both hands and swung it.

Bang!

An ear piercing explosion resounded, and then the young man was blasted over 1km away. However, as soon as he stopped himself, Yang Ye appeared before him. At the same time, a sword descended upon him!

The young man instinctively put up a defense.

Bang!

He was blasted away again.

Suddenly, a sword floated above Yang Ye’s palm, and then it vanished.

A sword howl resounded, and the young man’s head flew up into the air while his figure was still flying backwards.

Blood sprayed out like a fountain!

Yang Ye’s figure descended by the young man’s corpse, and then he looked up at the sky, “I’m telling all of you, Gracious Mountain is my territory from now on, and this is what’ll happen to anyone who trespasses!”

Yang Ye turned around and walked away. However, he’d stopped after taking just a few steps, and he looked up at the sky again, “I forgot one more thing. From today onward, I accept the challenges of anyone from the other five lines. But I only accept challenges where life and death are decided!”

Yang Ye vanished once he finished speaking.

The surroundings remained silent.

Yang Ye went to the last palace. There was a completely different world inside it. It was like a huge palace with many rooms, and all of them were very spacious.

It was like a royal palace of the mortal world!

Meanwhile, the old man appeared beside Yang Ye and said, “This is the main hall on Gracious Mountain. Only the Seal Master and some elders may enter. That area on the right is Gracious Hall, it’s the residence of the Seal Master. Now, it belongs to you.”

Yang Ye nodded. He seemed to have thought of something and gazed at Yang Ye, “Killing someone isn’t a problem, right?”

The old man shook his head slightly, “It isn’t. However, you may have even more trouble.” He glanced at Yang Ye and continued, “Stopping killing with killing is a good idea, but this is the Weapon Path. People who’re afraid of death can’t become outstanding geniuses of the Weapon Path. Your domineering display will only infuriate them, or I should say that it will arouse their will to fight!”

Yang Ye shrugged, “It’s fine. In any case, I haven’t killed to my heart’s content for a long time. To be honest, I haven’t improved my slaughter intent in a long time, so I feel quite bad about that!”

Yang Ye walked into Gracious Hall once he finished speaking.

The old man fell silent for a long time, and then he spoke softly, “Young Martial Uncle is really quite good at choosing them. However, this fellow is probably going to throw the Weapon Path into chaos!”

He laughed with self-ridicule at this point, “The Weapon Path will never fall into chaos while those people are present.”

…

Yang Ye’s deeds on Gracious Mountain swiftly swept through the entire Weapon Dimension! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The Slaughter Line had a new Seal Master!

That was the news that everyone in the Weapon Path obtained.

The Slaughter Line!

If it wasn’t for Yang Ye’s arrival, they may have forgotten about the Slaughter Line. After all, it hadn’t existed for many years. However, the entire Weapon Dimension didn’t have a good impression of the new Seal Master!

Arrogant!

Too arrogant!

Prediction Mountain.

Prediction Mountain was the main mountain of the Prediction Line, and it was in the north. It just happened to be facing Gracious Mountain from afar. At this moment, clamorous noise filled the Prediction Line because that young man whom Yang Ye killed was from the Prediction Line, and the Prediction Line and Slaughter Line had always been enemies. Now that the Slaughter Line had a new Seal Master, and he’d even killed a member of the Prediction Line, how could they just tolerate it?

A group of experts snuck off to Gracious Mountain without the knowledge of the Prediction Line’s higher-ups, and it didn’t take them long to arrive at the foot of Gracious Mountain.

They were led by a man in white robes.

There were around 10 people behind him, and all of them weren’t weak. The weakest amongst them was at the See Dao Realm, and the white robed man’s cultivation was impossible to discern!

The man looked up at Gracious Mountain, and a wisp of ridicule curled up on the corner of his mouth, “The new Seal Master of the Slaughter Line? How laughable.”

A young man by his side spoke in a low voice, “Brother Li Zhen, we can’t be careless. He was selected by our Young Martial Uncle, so there’s definitely something extraordinary about him. So, I think that we can’t act carelessly!”

The white robed man, Li Zhen, chuckled, “Of course, even if I look down on that fellow, Yang Ye, I wouldn’t look down on our Young Martial Uncle. Come on, let’s go meet the new Seal Master.”

They vanished on the spot once he finished speaking.

In Gracious Hall, Yang Ye was seated cross legged, and his mind was immersed within his body.

He was perfecting his body!

He’d fully merged with the Sky Dragon. At this moment, he could use some of the Sky Dragon’s special abilities. However, he had to train incessantly to bring forth its true strength.

Now that he’d merged with the Sky Dragon, ordinary Zen Realm experts were nothing to him!

Suddenly, Yang Ye opened his eyes and vanished on the spot.

At the square.

Yang Ye has asked the old man about it, and it was a training ground that the disciples of the Slaughter Line used to cultivate and spar. There was a huge formation beneath the square, and the limestone was actually made from special materials found deep in space. Coupled with the formation, experts below the Sage Realm would find it absolutely difficult to damage the square.

Once he heard that those below the Sage Realm couldn’t harm it, Yang Ye had almost started moving them into the Primordial Pagoda.

However, he didn’t do that in the end. Because the old man said that it was mainly the contribution of the formation below the square.

The old man spoke softly by Yang Ye’s side, “So, you don’t have to worry about damaging the training grounds. Just fight as you wish!”

The old man turned around and left once he finished speaking.

Li Zhen’s group were not too far ahead of Yang Ye, and they were sizing him up.

Yang Ye chuckled, and then he started walking in their direction, “Looks like some people don’t take my words seriously!” A ferocious expression suddenly appeared on Yang Ye’s face, “That’s fine, you’ll slowly start to do so.”

As soon as he finished speaking, Yang Ye stomped his right foot down, and the training grounds trembled as Yang Ye transformed into a ray of light that shot forward.

He’d just attacked right away!

Li Zhen and the others were quite stunned. They hadn’t even said anything, but Yang Ye already attacked upon seeing them. They felt that he was absolutely arrogant for doing this!

Li Zhen’s face became quite ferocious as well. A moment later, he formed a strange seal before his chest, and then blue blades surged out from him. There were a huge number of them, and they instantly enveloped Yang Ye.

Hiss! Hiss! Hiss! Hiss!

Sharp sounds of something being torn apart resounded throughout the training grounds. Suddenly, a figure shot out from the blades and instantly arrived in front of Li Zhen. Li Zhen’s eyes narrowed slightly, and he immediately slapped his palm down!

Bang!

An explosion resounded, and Yang Ye was blasted 300m back.

A wisp of ridicule curled on the corners of Li Zhen’s mouth, “Is that…”

However, Yang Ye suddenly vanished on the spot, and then afterimages of Yang Ye filled a huge area.

Shadow Sword!

In an instant, the area was enveloped in countless rays of light. The others were astounded and shot backwards.

They stared solemnly at the battlefield without blinking.

A long time passed before a man walked out slowly from the area. He waved his right hand lightly, and the light instantly vanished.

The man was Yang Ye!

The faces of the others fell when they saw Yang Ye.

Meanwhile, Yang Ye turned around, and there was a corpse behind him. He grabbed it by the hair and dragged it forward with him.

As he walked, Yang Ye spoke to the others, “I don’t know anything about the internal enmity of the Weapon Path. All I want to say is Gracious Mountain is my territory now, and I make the decisions here. So, from this moment onward, I’ll kill anyone who trespasses into my territory!”

“Such arrogance!” Suddenly, a voice resounded in the sky.

A Zen Realm expert!

Yang Ye looked up, and then he placed his hand against his forehead. It only took a moment for a black sword to be drawn out.

An instant later, a ray of light shot up into the sky.

“How dare you!” A furious shout resounded in the sky, but it didn’t take long for a shrill cry to resound.

A short moment later, a bloody head fell down from the sky.