Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2046 – Someone With the Yang Surname!

The talisman had a spirit of its own, so it was very well aware who it had to fight in order to leave.

Snowy and Tian Xiu wouldn’t make a difference because they clearly weren’t the owner of this place. So, a short while of searching allowed it to notice the Primordial Pagoda’s spirit.

Thus, it had a target.

It didn’t hesitate to slam itself against the pagoda’s spirit.

Snowy watched this, blinked, and then gazed at Tian Xiu. She was asking Tian Xiu what the talisman was trying to do.

Tian Xiu thought for a moment and replied, “It wants to fight!”

Snowy blinked, and then she looked up again.

At this moment, the tiny golden pagoda transformed into a ray of golden light that slammed against the talisman.

Bang!

The talisman was instantly smashed into the ground.

Boom!

The ground shook violently while dust and dirt surged up into a cloud.

However, that wasn’t the end of it. Rays of golden light rained down from above. It was like a storm that instantly enveloped the talisman on the ground below.

It was torture!

Snowy and Tian Xiu couldn’t bear to watch what happened next. In the end, Snowy couldn’t help but wave her paw at the tiny pagoda, and it instantly stopped releasing golden rays of light.

The pagoda’s spirit was always willing to give Snowy face!

Snowy flew over to the talisman. At this moment, its glow had dimmed down quite a bit. Obviously, it had suffered quite serious injuries.

Snowy patted it lightly, and then she started waving her claws. She seemed to be trying to convey something.

Tian Xiu suddenly said, “Snowy is telling you to apologize. You won’t suffer another beating if you do!”

Bang!

Suddenly, a terrifying aura swept out from the talisman, and Snowy was caught off guard and blasted away by it. Fortunately, the holy sword appeared before Snowy at the critical moment and helped her resist most of the force. Even then, Snowy was still in quite a sorry state, and she was lying on her back.

Waves of terrifying energy surged out from the talisman, and the entire world here seemed to turn ethereal.

It was simply capable of obliterating the world!

Snowy blinked as she watched the talisman charge at the tiny pagoda, and then she patted her claws together. A meat bun appeared before her. She was about to take a bite when she seemed to have thought of something, and she passed another to Tian Xiu.

Just like that, the two little fellows started nibbling on their steamed buns while looking up into the sky.

They were watching the show!

Bang!

A loud explosion resounded, and then a black shadow crashed down.

The talisman was trying its best to fight the pagoda’s spirit.

As for the world outside the Primordial Pagoda, Ku Rongtian’s face was extremely unsightly. Because no matter how he summoned it, it didn’t respond at all.

The talisman was gone!

Ku Rongtian stared at Yang Ye for a long time and said, “I’ll remember this!”

As soon as he finished speaking, he turned around and intended to leave. Now that he’d lost the talisman, he had zero confidence in being able to face Yang Ye. So, he’d decisively chosen to leave.

Suddenly, Yang Ye appeared not too far away from him, and Yang Ye smiled, “What? Leaving so soon?”

Ku Rongtian slowly clenched his fists. He knew that it was probably impossible to leave safely now.

A moment of silence ensued, and then Ku Rongtian vanished on the spot. An instant later, a shadow appeared before Yang Ye. Yang Ye didn’t use any sword techniques, and he just stabbed his sword forward. The shadow instantly vanished without a trace.

Around 1km away, Ku Rongtian had just stopped himself when Yang Ye appeared in front of him again, and then a sword was just a few inches away from his forehead.

At this critical moment of life and death, Ku Rongtian was horrified, but his reaction wasn’t slow at all. He pressed his palms together and slammed them forward!

Boom!

The powerful force from it pushed Yang Ye over 300m back, but Ku Rongtian’s hands were gone.

At that instant just now, he’d given up his hands to push Yang Ye back!

Yang Ye naturally didn’t stop, and he vanished on the spot again. However, as soon as he arrived before Ku Rongtian, a wave of mysterious energy blasted him 3km away.

Yang Ye stopped and glanced at his hand, and he noticed that it had warped.

He looked up, and he saw an old man not too far away from Ku Rongtian. The old man was looking at him!

Yang Ye shook his hand and smiled, “So this is how the Prediction Line acts. If the young fail, the old will show themselves. I see now!”

The old man spoke indifferently, “It’s just a spar, so why decide on life and death?”

Yang Ye smiled, “Just fuck off. If you can’t accept defeat, then don’t come looking for me anymore.”

Yang Ye turned around and left.

The old man and Ku Rongtian’s expressions were extremely unsightly. The old man stared at Yang Ye, “We’ll meet again!”

As soon as he finished speaking, he intended to leave with Ku Rongtian, but a huge palm suddenly stretched out from the clouds, and then it slapped down at Ku Rongtian and the old man.

The old man’s expression changed drastically. He was about to counterattack when the huge palm suddenly sped up, and the old man wasn’t even able to fight back before it slammed down on them.

Bang!

The entire training grounds shook violently!

Yang Ye noticed that some cracks had actually appeared on the faint barrier of light which covered the training grounds!

Yang Ye looked up, and he saw an ethereal middle aged man in the sky!

It was the Young Martial Uncle who’d dragged him into this!

However, he was clearly not his main body!

The middle aged man gazed at Yang Ye, “Come with me!”

He vanished into the sky once he finished speaking.

Yang Ye shrugged and vanished after him.

Gracious Hall.

There were only two people in Gracious Hall, the middle aged man and Yang Ye.

The middle aged man sized up Yang Ye and said, “Not bad, not bad. Your strength is much greater than what it was when we met last. The facts prove that my ability to discern talent is really good. Haha!”

Yang Ye was speechless.

Meanwhile, the middle aged man said, “I made some time to come here because I have something to tell you. Firstly, I know about everything you’ve done here. Not bad, you did very well. The more strength and potential you reveal, the greater your chances are to survive. Do you know why?”

Yang Ye shook his head.

The middle aged man said, “The so-called fight between Paths doesn’t just include the internal strife in our Weapon Path, it includes all the other Paths too, the Weapon Path, Dao Path, Confucianist Path, and Buddhist Path. Even though there’s usually no communication between us, we’re all fighting for something!”

Yang Ye asked, “What?”

“Karmic Luck!” The middle aged man explained, “Karmic Luck really exists in the world. Do you know why my Slaughter Line was annihilated? I won’t mention all the other reasons, but at the end of it all, one of them was Karmic Luck. Our Slaughter Line lost against the Prediction Line in the fight for Karmic Luck. Of course, my senior brother was useless too. If I were present that day, how could my Slaughter Line have lost? A moment of mercy from him caused the death of our entire Slaughter Line!”

Yang Ye was just about to speak when the middle aged man continued, “Just like you. Why have you been able to achieve your current accomplishments? Besides your own hard work, Karmic Luck played a part too. Those people who’ve helped you, like that existence from the Dao Path or me, all of us are part of your Karmic Luck. However, where there’s Yin, there’s Yang. Karmic Luck is accompanied by all sorts of dangers. So, I do agree quite a bit with the theory of Yin and Yang according to the Dao Path.”

Yang Ye said, “Senior, since I came into contact with you, I realized that you’re not someone who likes to play tricks. You told me bluntly that you made me come here because you want to use me. However, I still came. That’s because I owe you a favor. So, this is a scheme that was executed openly, and I can’t refuse it.”

The middle aged man asked, “What are you trying to say?”

Yang Ye took a deep breath and replied, “I’m sure you’re aware that there’s an evil treasure behind me. Senior, I allowed you to use me, so can you kill that thing behind me? Or drive it away works too!” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The evil treasure!

It was like a thorn in his side. If he didn’t eliminate it, he really couldn’t rest at ease. Because he didn’t know when it would act against him!

The middle aged man fell silent for a moment and said, “I think it’s best if you don’t touch that evil treasure for now!”

Yang Ye was puzzled, “Why?”

The middle aged man replied, “It’s a little special!”

Yang Ye asked, “And?”

The middle aged man replied, “That’s all!”

Yang Ye felt speechless.

Meanwhile, the middle aged man added, “Kid, it’s not that I refuse to help, but even I’m helpless. It’s really a huge deal, and the trouble it brings is far greater than you’ve ever imagined.”

Yang Ye said, “It’s always behind me. I’m cowardly, I’m afraid of it.”

The middle aged man replied, “What are you afraid of? It can’t eat you right now. So, just ignore it. Let’s talk about the Weapon Path. Kid, I even discarded my pride just for you.”

As he spoke, he flicked an invitation over to Yang Ye, “This is the admission letter of Martial Emperor Academy. Go there.”

Yang Ye had slight disdain in his voice, “Senior, you’re asking me to go to an academy? Do you think I need to?”

“Fuck you!” The middle aged man spoke angrily, “Do you know what the Martial Emperor Academy is? I graduated from there too!”

Yang Ye shook his head, “I refuse. I’ll be leaving once I attend that competition here. That’s our agreement, so I refuse to waste my time on any other places.”

The middle aged man fell silent for a long time, and then he asked, “Do you know who founded the Martial Emperor Academy?”

Yang Ye shook his head, “I don’t know, and I’m not interested either.”

The middle aged man said, “Someone surnamed Yang!”

Yang Ye was stunned.