Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2048 – I’m Fucking Unhappy Right Now!

The middle aged man stood on a small mountain extremely far away from Gracious Mountain and looked at it from afar. There was curiosity, bewilderment, and seriousness in his eyes.

He was extremely serious!

He knew the old man was mysterious and should be very strong, but he hadn’t expected the old man to be that strong.

Who is that old man? The middle aged man’s mind was filled with questions.

…

Gracious Hall.

Elder Yuan appeared in front of Yang Ye, and the talisman was before Yang Ye. It was extremely quiet right now. Obviously, it was afraid of something.

Elder Yuan said, “It’s called the Herculean Talisman, and it’s one of the six talismans of the Prediction Line. The reason it’s strong is because there’s a Herculean within it.”

Yang Ye was puzzled, “A Herculean?”

Elder Yuan explained, “A warrior of the god race that possesses boundless strength. It’s very strong. However, it died in battle all those years ago, and then a senior of the Weapon Path sealed its strength within this talisman. The user can use this talisman to draw upon the Herculean’s strength.”

He glanced at Yang Ye and continued, “I’ve noticed that your physical strength isn’t bad, so it’s perfect for you!”

Yang Ye took it and said, “Thank you!”

He'd seen how Elder Yuan had blasted the middle aged man away, so he knew that the old man was a Sage at the very least!

A Sage!

But Yang Ye didn’t understand why Elder Yuan was still staying in the Slaughter Line which only existed in name.

Yang Ye didn’t ask. Because if Elder Yuan didn’t tell him, then asking wouldn’t make a difference.

The old man left Gracious Hall once he gave the talisman to Yang Ye.

Yang Ye gazed at the talisman before him, and then he flicked a droplet of blood into it.

The Herculean Talisman trembled violently. It was resisting!

Yang Ye’s eyes narrowed slightly, “Do you want to see if I’ll destroy you instead?”

As soon as he finished speaking, a sword appeared in his grasp. It was the Sword Supreme, and it was absolutely capable of destroying the Herculean Talisman.

It may have a temper, but Yang Ye had a worse one!

In the end, the talisman stopped resisting. It was a powerful treasure, so it had a consciousness of its own.

Once it stopped resisting, Yang Ye immediately formed a connection with it. He issued a command in his heart, and the talisman floated before him. A smile curled up on his face as he gazed at it.

Presently, he had two swords, the Sword Supreme and Judgment. Besides that, he had the Divine Wings, that pair of gloves, and the Herculean Talisman now. Presently, he had many extraordinary treasures.

Divine treasures!

Based on his current strength and equipment, he didn’t have to fear Major Zen Realm experts at all!

Yang Ye withdrew the admission letter for Martial Emperor Academy, and he fell silent as he gazed at it.

He didn’t want to go there. It wasn’t that he was conceited and felt that it couldn’t teach him anything, he just didn’t want to waste time. But since there were benefits, he naturally planned to go.

Moreover, he wanted to have a look at the prehistoric civilization.

He had two weeks!

Yang Ye didn’t choose to cultivate. Because both his Sword Dao and cultivation had arrived at a bottleneck. So, cultivating wouldn’t change much.

In the next two weeks, all Yang Ye did every day was travel around Gracious Mountain with Snowy and Tian Xiu.

The reason he dared to let Snowy come outside was Elder Yuan’s presence. That evil treasure was clearly afraid of Elder Yuan, so it didn’t follow him. However, Elder Yuan had warned him to not allow Snowy out of Gracious Mountain.

Yang Ye naturally didn’t dare to let Snowy go further. The little fellow was absolutely mischievous, so even if that evil treasure wasn’t there, she would still cause trouble for him. Moreover, he always stayed close to Snowy and Tian Xiu while they traveled around Gracious Mountain.

Elder Yuan was quite curious when it came to Snowy and Tian Xiu. Especially Tian Xiu, he’d even specially asked Yang Ye about Tian Xiu’s background. Yang Ye told Elder Yuan about what he knew, and Elder Yuan left in silence.

Time passed very quickly. Two weeks passed in the blink of an eye!

Yang Ye left Gracious Mountain and was about to head to Martial Emperor Academy. However, a group suddenly obstructed Yang Ye’s path.

Some of them were familiar figures to Yang Ye, like Su Lang. At this moment, Su Lang was standing at the edge of the group, and they were led by a young man. The young man wore a luxurious violet robe and held a violet folding fan.

Yang Ye glanced at them and asked, “What?”

The young man in a violet robe chuckled, “We heard you’re leaving the Weapon Dimension, so we came to send you off, Brother Yang!”

Yang Ye nodded and intended to leave. He really didn’t want to waste time on these fellows.

Suddenly, the young man in violet robes said, “Brother Yang, you have a long journey ahead, and it may be dangerous. You must be careful!”

Yang Ye glanced at the young man, “Stop beating around the bush. Come at me if you can.”

As soon as he finished speaking, he transformed into a ray of light that vanished into the sky.

The violet robed young man chuckled, “Once he leaves the Weapon Dimension, many shackles will be removed from us. Haha…”

Su Lang suddenly said, “Brother Mo Li, let’s go!”

The young man nodded, “Everyone, let’s go see how strong the new Seal Master of our Weapon Path is!”

As soon as he finished speaking, all of them vanished on the spot.

Yang Ye left the Weapon Dimension and entered the boundless expanses of outer space.

He didn’t care about what the violet robed young man had said earlier. He didn’t consider them to be his opponents at all. It would be fine if they didn’t come looking for trouble with him, but if they did, then it would be easily resolved! After all, all it took was a swing of the sword!

Yang Ye glanced at the surroundings and vanished into the depths of the starry sky.

Around two hours later, Yang Ye suddenly stopped. A group had appeared before him. It was the group led by the violet robed young man.

They’d still come in the end!

Yang Ye gazed at the violet robed young man and asked, “The Prediction Line?”

The young man nodded, “Indeed. Brother Yang, you’ve killed so many from my Prediction Line and openly insulted us, so don’t you think it’s wrong to just leave like this?”

Yang Ye nodded, “Indeed. Then I’ll kill you too and let you accompany them. That should be the right thing to do, right?”

As soon as he finished speaking, he vanished on the spot.

A ray of light flashed!

At the instant Yang Ye’s figure vanished, their expressions had changed drastically. The violet robed young man immediately flashed 300m away, but the ray of light still arrived before him.

“Break!” Suddenly, a few voices resounded, and then a few waves of energy slammed against Yang Ye’s attack and instantly obliterated it.

Yang Ye glanced at Su Lang and the others, “So you’re going to gang up on me?”

Su Lang spoke indifferently, “Brother Yang, your strength is shocking, and we’re no match for you in single combat, so we’ve chosen to fight you as a group. You don’t mind, right?”

Yang Ye smiled, “You’re right. Why would I mind when it’s just a bunch of trash like you? Come, fight me together.”

“Let me see how strong you are!” As soon as he finished speaking, a spear appeared in Su Lang’s grasp, and then he shot towards Yang Ye.

It was an extremely swift attack, and it was even faster than Yang Ye’s previous attack!

Yang Ye remained calm. He took a step forward and swung his sword.

Bang!

The surroundings trembled, and then Su Lang was blasted over 1km away.

As soon as he stopped himself, his spear cracked apart, and a wisp of blood seeped out from the corner of his mouth.

A single attack from Yang Ye was that powerful!

Everyone here had a solemn expression on their faces!

Suddenly, Yang Ye’s figure transformed into a ray of light that shot towards the violet robed young man. The violet robed man and the others exchanged glances when they saw Yang Ye attack, and then they charged at Yang Ye!

They were ganging up on him!

Really ganging up on him!

As far as they were concerned, no matter how monstrous Yang Ye was, how monstrous could he be? Their cultivations were only higher than Yang Ye, so as far as they were concerned, they would definitely be able to annihilate Yang Ye if they joined forces.

Moreover, they weren’t in the Weapon Dimension anymore, so Young Martial Uncle couldn’t do anything to them even if they did kill Yang Ye. Besides that, they had the support of extraordinary experts too.

They’d thought about everything. However, they hadn’t expected Yang Ye to be too much stronger than they’d ever imagined!

Boom!

A ray of white light surged out from within Yang Ye, and then a huge ethereal white dragon appeared behind Yang Ye. At the same time, faint white light coiled around Yang Ye.

The Sky Dragon!

After he used the Sky Dragon, Yang Ye’s physical strength and physical defenses instantly multiplied a few times. In this instant, the violet robed young man and the others were thrown into despair.

Because they couldn’t pierce through his defenses at all!

At this moment, Yang Ye had given up on defending himself, and he just charged at them and swung his sword.

They didn’t possess similar defenses as Yang Ye, so it took less than 15 minutes for five of them to die, and all of them had lost their heads from a single swing of the sword.

At this moment, all of them finally started to panic.

Two of them wanted to flee, but Yang Ye’s sword was faster than them. Two swords flashed over 500km away, and then two heads flew up into the air.

At this moment, only three people were left—the violet robed young man, Su Lang, and another man.

Yang Ye started walking in the violet robed young man’s direction. He didn’t waste his breath and flashed forward.

Bang!

However, just a moment later, Yang Ye was pushed 1km away.

A middle aged man had appeared in front of the violet robed young man!

The middle aged man glanced coldly at Yang Ye, and then he gazed at the violet robed young man, “I’ll punish you later for acting arbitrarily!”

As soon as he finished speaking, he gazed at Yang Ye, “If you’re unhappy, feel free to come to the Prediction Line to look for me.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

He waved his right hand once he finished speaking and vanished with the others.

A ferocious smile curled up on the corners of Yang Ye’s mouth, “I’m unhappy right now!”

Yang Ye’s figure transformed into a ray of light that vanished into the distance.

He was heading in the Weapon Dimension’s direction!