Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2082 – Force!

The Soulmend Casket!

It was his main objective.

Meanwhile, a casket appeared on the round platform. It was dark black, and there were rays of black light coiled around it.

As soon as it appeared there, Yang Ye felt an extremely comfortable feeling permeate his soul.

Yang Ye wasn’t the only one, everyone else here felt the same!

The beautiful woman smiled, “Everyone, this Soulmend Casket is made of top-rate Soulwood. According to the information we procured, it was made from a total of nine Sage Rank Soul Trees. Moreover, there’s a Soul Tree seed in it. Simply speaking, if a soul cultivator obtains it, that person’s cultivation speed will be three to five times faster. Even if you’re not a soul cultivator, your soul will be able to grow tremendously with it!”

She smiled and continued, “That isn’t its only effect. If you possess it, normal soul cultivators won’t be a threat to you at all. Because it can isolate soul fluctuations. Moreover, it can pose a huge threat to another’s soul. So, if a soul cultivator obtains it, it’ll be like adding wings to a tiger; and if an ordinary cultivator obtains it, that person will become the bane of soul cultivators!”

The Soulmend Casket!

Yang Ye clenched his fists slowly. He was determined to obtain it.

Meanwhile, the beautiful woman on the circular platform smiled, “Because it’s very useful even to Sages, it’s quite expensive. However, I believe that it won’t be a problem for all of you. Now, let’s get back to the auction. The starting bid is 500,000, and the minimum increment is 50,000! Now, let the bidding begin!”

As soon as she finished speaking, she waved her hand and a cup of tea fell into her grasp. She took a sip and a charming smile curled up on the corners of her mouth.

“750,000!” A voice resounded abruptly.

Everyone looked towards its source, and it was Yang Ye’s room.

Yang Ye’s face was indifferent. 750,000 was everything he had. The reason he’d been the first to bid was because he didn’t want too many to join in the bidding and make it go too high!

The woman glanced at Yang Ye’s room and smiled, “750,000 once…”

She hadn’t even finished speaking when another voice resounded, “800,000!”

The smile on her lips curled up a little more. She was about to speak when Yang Ye’s voice resounded, “One million!”

Her face stiffened, and then she gazed at Yang Ye’s room.

Yang Ye’s face was very calm, and it seemed like he wasn’t the one who’d made a bid of one million.

A competition of money?

Yang Ye didn’t have much money, but he had lots of treasures. He was determined to get the Soulmend Casket today.

The surroundings fell silent. It was obvious that someone was determined to obtain it, so many who had some desire to obtain it had given up those thoughts. They could fight for it under normal circumstances, but it wasn’t normal now!

The beautiful woman took a deep and long glance in Yang Ye’s direction and said, “One million once!”

No one said anything!

The woman continued, “One million twice!”

The surroundings still remained silent.

She was about to complete the bid when a voice suddenly resounded, “1.1 million!”

A smile appeared on the woman’s face again when she heard this. Even though the Soulmend Casket wasn’t bet, it was worth a million at most. Now that it had gone for 1.1 million, it far surpassed her expectations.

She didn’t say anything and just gazed at the direction of Yang Ye’s room while a trace of anticipation could be seen in her eyes.

Suddenly, the door to Yang Ye’s room swung open, and then a black robed figure walked close to the round platform.

The beautiful woman asked in a soft voice while secretly raising her guard, “Yes?”

Yang Ye glanced at the Soulmend Casket and said, “1.3 million.” He glanced at the surroundings and continued, “I don’t have much in life, except money. Anyone else? Go on, let’s bid until we’re satisfied!”

A voice resounded, “1.4 million!”

Yang Ye didn’t even spare a glance towards the source of the voice and just said, “1.5 million!”

The voice said, “1.6 million!”

Right when everyone thought Yang Ye would continue, Yang Ye shrugged and said, “Congratulations, it’s yours!”

Yang Ye turned around and returned to his room.

The atmosphere here became extremely awkward.

“DAMMIT!” A young man in a room suddenly cursed, and he seemed to still be angry and slammed the ground.

Boom!

The entire room shook violently and was almost smashed apart by his punch! Actually, he’d decided to give up when Yang Ye made a bid of one million. The only reason he’d continued was because Yang Ye seemed so determined to obtain it, and that really annoyed him. So, he’d planned to make Yang Ye lose money!

However, he hadn’t expected to dig his own grave!

He couldn’t swallow this loss!

A short while later, he calmed down. Meanwhile, a beautiful woman walked in, and it was the woman who was conducting the auction outside.

The woman acted as if she hadn’t noticed the cracked walls. She withdrew a spatial ring and smiled, “Esteemed Guest, your purchase is here!”

The young man glanced at her and said, “I want to know who that was!”

She glanced at him and said, “I’m sorry, we can’t reveal that.”

The man withdrew a violet card and waved it at her. Her expression changed at the sight of it, and a long time passed before she spoke solemnly, “I’ll find out!”

She turned around and walked away. Meanwhile, the young man suddenly said, “I don’t want the Soulmend Casket anymore.”

She glanced at him and said, “Alright!”

Meanwhile, the young man added, “Didn’t he want it? You can sell it to him at a lower price.” A cold smile curled up on his lips as he spoke those words.

The beautiful woman looked him in the eyes, “Allow me to overstep a little. I presume you got this violet card from your clan. Are you really sure you want to use it for something minor like this?”

The young man spoke indifferently, “That’s my business!”

She nodded, took the ring, and left without saying another word.

In the room, the young man’s face gradually turned gloomy. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The price he paid was quite huge!

But he didn’t regret it!

…

Yang Ye returned to his room and sat down. His mind was very calm.

Xiao Yue was standing not too far away from him!

Yang Ye gazed at her, “Is there really another treasure that can nurture the soul?”

Xiao Yue nodded, “Senior, I’ve taken a look, and there’s a treasure in our inventory called the Soul Tablet. It’s a divine treasure too, and its effects are around the same as the Soulmend Casket. If you’re not using it for cultivating and just to nurture the soul, then it’s completely sufficient! Moreover, it’s only around 600,000 immortal crystals for esteemed guests. You’ll definitely be able to afford it!”

A smile curled up on the corners of Yang Ye’s mouth.

1.6 million?

Was he mad?

Of course he wasn’t. Actually, if Xiao Yue hadn’t come in and told him about the Soul Tablet, he would have definitely stopped at nothing to buy the Soulmend Casket. After all, even if it was mad, the most important thing was Blood Maiden!

However, since he had another choice, he would naturally do something so insane.

Yang Ye glanced at Xiao Yue. Now, he believed that saying a little—good is repaid with good!

A few words he’d casually said had given him this in return. Otherwise, he would have lost so much!

Meanwhile, Xiao Yue heaved a sigh of relief. She’d been quite anxious when she came in earlier as she was afraid that she was overstepping. However, it was clear that she hadn’t.

Suddenly, a beautiful woman walked in. She glanced at Xiao Yue, and the latter bowed to her before leaving.

The beautiful woman walked over to Yang Ye and smiled, “Esteemed Guest, we had a little problem, and the previous buyer is unable to buy it due to certain reasons. So…”

Yang Ye suddenly said, “So you want to sell it to me?”

She didn’t react with embarrassment at all, and she smiled, “Esteemed Guest, you’re a smart person, so I’ll be direct. If you want, we can sell it to you for 1.3 million.”

Yang Ye suddenly stood up, “Sorry, I don’t want it anymore. Put it up for auction again. I think it’ll go for 1.6 million again!”

She gazed at him for a long time, and then she said, “I see. I’m sorry for disturbing you!” She immediately turned around and left without the slightest hesitation.

Suddenly, Yang Ye said, “I’m a little curious because that person was actually able to reject a purchase. Right, what I’m trying to say is tell that person something for me. I’m not here in Cosmic Star City to look for trouble, so don’t come looking for trouble with me. Otherwise, I’ll bash him up!”

She took a deep and long glance at Yang Ye before she said, “Of course!”

She left the room.

Around 15 minutes later, Xiao Yue suddenly walked in. Yang Ye gazed at her, and the latter hesitated for a moment before passing a spatial ring to him, “Senior, these are the immortal crystals from the item you sold. Please leave immediately!”

Yang Ye was puzzled, “What’s wrong?”

She spoke softly, “That person seems to possess extremely high status, and the higher-ups have started to investigate you.”

“Is that so?” Yang Ye’s face remained indifferent beneath his robe.

Xiao Yue spoke softly, “Leave quickly from the back door…”

Suddenly, the door was pushed open, and the beautiful woman walked in. After that, she gazed at Xiao Yue, and the latter instantly turned pale in response.

The beautiful woman suddenly said, “Leave!”

Xiao Yue’s hands started trembling, but she didn’t dare to fight back and was about to leave. However, Yang Ye suddenly said, “There’s no need to leave. Just stay here. No one will dare to touch you!”

Xiao Yue gazed at Yang Ye.

The beautiful woman gazed at Yang Ye, “Is that so?”

Suddenly, Yang Ye vanished on the spot, and he was in front of her when he appeared again. Her expression changed drastically, and she was about to counterattack, but it was too late. Yang Ye’s hand had clamped down on her throat.

Yang Ye slowly lifted her up and said, “Xiao Yue, go notify the higher-ups of this place. Tell them that I’d like to have a discussion about their so-called rules. If no one comes within ten breaths of time, then I’m going to destroy this place.”