Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2261 – Death!

Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The surroundings fell quite silent.

All of them were waiting for Shi Tian’s decision!

At this moment, both Yang Ye’s side and the undying race’s side didn’t fear the god race. It could be said that the god race was in a truly impossible situation!

Suddenly, Shi Tian gazed at Master Tian, “Yang Ye is an arrogant and ruthless person, but so long as someone doesn’t offend him, he won’t offend anyone. However, your undying race treats the other races and my god race as ants. As far as you’re concerned, killing is right and just. So, if I listen to you, you won’t spare my god race even if I can kill Yang Ye.”

Shi Tian slowly closed his eyes at this point.

Bang!

A terrifying aura swept out from him, and it was like a storm that instantly swept toward the surroundings.

Hiss! Hiss! Hiss!

Space instantly started trembling.

Master Tian’s eyes narrowed slightly, and then he clenched his fists.

“Divine Generals!” Shi Tian howled with fury.

Ten black robed experts and ten white robed experts from the god race appeared by Shi Tian’s side. An instant later, their auras rose madly.

“The rest of you leave now!” Shi Tian howled with fury, and then the stomachs of all 21 of them started expanding.

An instant later, Shi Tian led the other 20 in a charge at Master Tian and the nine Undead Warriors.

When they arrived around 300m away, Shi Tian and the others suddenly exploded apart. In an instant, 21 terrifying waves of energy surged and enveloped Master Tian and the Undead Warriors.

“Let’s go!” Meanwhile, someone shouted among the god race, and then countless of them instantly knelt in the direction of Shi Tian’s group before charging madly toward the portal!

Yang Ye glanced at them, and then he gazed in the direction of Shi Tian’s group. At this moment, that area was pitch black and shocking explosions were resounding incessantly from there!

Just like that, around 15 minutes passed before the space there calmed down.

Master Tian and the nine Undead Warriors were still there, but Shi Tian’s group of 21 had vanished.

Self-detonation!

They were gone!

Shi Tian and the other experts of the god race had detonated themselves and forcefully kept Master Tian’s group occupied!

However, not all the people of the god race were able to get through.

At this moment, Master Tian’s countenance was extremely pale. While he’d survived, the explosion had heavily injured him. He’d suffered truly heavy injuries.

Even if Shi Tian was inferior in strength to him, it was a very tiny gap, and Shi Tian had detonated himself to attack Master Tian. So, he was lucky to have even survived. The Undead Warriors behind him hadn’t been affected much because while the other 20 Divine Generals of the god race had detonated themselves too, their strength was much more inferior when compared to Shi Tian.

So, they merely suffered light injuries!

Master Tian glanced coldly at the people of the god race who were still going into the portal, and then he waved his right hand with the intent of giving the order. However, the Martial Emperor suddenly appeared in front of him.

The Martial Emperor glanced at Master Tian, “Shi Tian died bravely, so I’ll allow the rest of them to pass through.”

As soon as he finished speaking, a powerful wave of pressure slammed down upon Master Tian and the others.

Master Tian glanced behind him, and he noticed that everyone from the undying race had gone through.

So, a cold smile arose on his face, “I’m afraid it’s a little too late!”

The Martial Emperor frowned slightly. Suddenly, the teleportation formation dimmed down.

The formation was deactivating!

The remaining people charged madly into the portal when they realized that the formation was being deactivated.

Master Tian and the others didn’t try to stop them.

The Martial Emperor glanced coldly at Master Tian’s group, and then he gazed at Yang Ye and An Nanjing, “Shall we go?”

Go?

Yang Ye was stunned.

Indeed, An Nanjing and him could go into the portal with the Martial Emperor, and Master Tian’s group wouldn’t be able to stop them. Unless they were willing to sacrifice their lives. However, Yang Ye shook his head, “I’m not leaving!”

The Martial Emperor frowned, “Why?”

Yang Ye shot a glance behind him, and it was in the direction of Void Spirit Continent.

Tian Xiu was still there!

Yang Ye spoke softly, “I promised her that I would come back!”

“Her?” Master Tian spoke coldly, “The formation is deactivating, and our patriarch is free to act now. Our patriarch is probably on the way to Void Spirit Continent right now. Void Spirit Maiden is dead!”

Yang Ye gazed at An Nanjing, and she said, “I’m going with you!”

Yang Ye said, “You can leave!”

She shook her head in response.

Yang Ye took a deep breath, “Then let’s go!”

An Nanjing and him vanished into the distance.

The Martial Emperor nodded slightly, “He’s quite loyal. But it’s such a pity.”

He walked over to the teleportation formation, and it was about to close completely.

Meanwhile, Master Tian and the others didn’t stop the Martial Emperor. As far as they were concerned, it was best if the Martial Emperor left because they would have one less enemy.

The Martial Emperor’s strength could be described as something only Xiao Lou or their patriarch could go against.

Right when the Martial Emperor was about to walk into the portal, he suddenly stopped and looked up into space.

The starry sky was endless!

He gazed at it for a very, very long time. Suddenly, he started laughing, and his laughter reverberated like a thunderclap.

A short while later, his figure trembled, and then he tore open the space before him and vanished into the starry sky.

Tearing through space!

In the end, the Martial Emperor hadn’t chosen to use the portal and chose to tear through space instead!

Master Tian glanced at the Martial Emperor and spoke indifferently, “He’s courting death. Tearing through space to the initial race’s universe? The boundless universe is huge, and the slightest mistake will get him lost, and that will bring him eternal damnation! He really overestimates himself!”

It was possible to teleport through space by tearing through it.

Many experts could accomplish that, but it was through known expanses of space. However, the Martial Emperor and the Unfettered One had chosen to travel through unknown expanses of space. It was like a mouse suddenly jumping into the ocean and searching for a way out.

It was no different than courting death!

Meanwhile, Master Tian’s expression changed abruptly, and he gazed at the portal and frowned slightly, “Why have I lost contact with Master Gui…?”

As soon as he finished speaking, he quickly withdrew a pitch black rock, and it flickered with black light, but there was nothing special about it. Suddenly, it flickered, and a weak voice came from within it, “There’s…”

No more came from the rock after that word.

Master Tian frowned while a wisp of worry flashed through his eyes.

A short while later, he spoke solemnly, “Go to Void Spirit Continent! We must deal with Void Spirit Maiden and the rest as soon as possible!”

As soon as he finished speaking, he vanished on the spot with the others.

Meanwhile, there were many here who hadn’t been able to enter the portal.

There were people from the other races and the god race. All of them had failed to enter the portal in time.

They had despair all over their faces.

They were dead!

Their fate was sealed!

At this moment, the spirit energy in the large universe was so scarce it could practically be considered as being nonexistent. But they were still here, so the consequence was obvious.

Suddenly, one of them stepped forward, “Everyone!”

They gazed at the man, and the man spoke fiercely, “It’s the undying race! It’s the undying race who pushed us into this corner! If it wasn’t for them, we wouldn’t be in this situation. Since we’re going to die anyway, let’s fight them to the death. Every one we kill counts, and it’s better than suffering and dying slowly. If you’re a man, then come with me to Void Spirit Continent, and let’s fight the undying race with Yang Ye!”

As soon as he finished speaking, the young man vanished into the distance.

“Let’s go!” Meanwhile, someone else stepped forward, “He’s right. Since we’re dying anyway, isn’t it better to drag some of them with us. If worse comes to worse, we can just detonate ourselves. I’m going to drag one of them down with me! Haha!”

He vanished into the distance as well.

It didn’t take long for more and more to step forward and charge toward Void Spirit Continent.

In just a short while, the area was empty.

Death!

Everyone was afraid of death!

No one wasn’t afraid of it!

However, many were still quite courageous. Or perhaps their courage had been concealed due to various reasons, but when they were pushed into a hopeless situation where death was certain, a person who was even afraid of death would be the most courageous.

Countless rushed toward Void Spirit Continent. All of them were very well aware that they would die if they went there, but they were still going!

Void Spirit Continent.

Tian Xiu and the spirits of the void spirit race were still in confrontation with the undying race’s army.

They were waiting!

The undying race was waiting for their people to leave so that their patriarch would be free to join the battle, and Tian Xiu was waiting for Yang Ye and the others to leave!

Finally, a powerful aura appeared above the continent.

Crack! Crack! Crack!

At this moment, the entire continent started to collapse, and everything started transforming into dust!

Tian Xiu opened her eyes, “It’s time?”