Chapter 2267 – They’re Dead! All of Them!

Over there?

Yang Ye instantly frowned when he heard the phantom, but it didn’t take long for him to understand what the phantom meant.

Over there!

The initial race!

Presently, everyone from the large universe and the undying race were rushing over to the universe where the initial race resided. So, what did the arrival of this phantom represent? It represented that the initial race was aware of the situation here!

But their attitude toward it was refusal!

They refused to accept the arrival of all these people!

Yang Ye seemed to have thought of something, and his expression turned extremely unsightly.

Elder Yuan and the others had entered the teleportation formation!

They were in danger!

Meanwhile, Dugu Juetian and the others’ expressions were extremely unsightly too. Master Gui was the only expert of the undying race who’d gone over. So, if the experts of the initial race targeted them, and the rest of them who still remained in the large universe couldn’t get over in time, then fate that awaited those already in the initial race’s universe was obvious!

In the beginning, they had allowed their people to go over first for another reason, and it was because they were confident in their ability to quickly deal with the Void Spirit Maiden and rush over to the initial race’s universe!

However, Yang Ye’s sudden arrival, and the self-detonation of the Universe Sprite and all those experts from the large universe was unexpected to them. As for this phantom before them, it was something they had never expected.

The undying race’s true experts were being kept busy here, so the others in the initial race’s universe were absolutely incapable of fighting the initial race!

A hopeless situation!

At this moment, the undying race and Yang Ye’s side had fallen into a hopeless situation!

Suddenly, the phantom vanished, and it was in front of the Undead Warriors when it appeared again. In an instant, countless whip images enveloped them, and saber energy flickered within them.

However, the Undead Warriors were no match for the phantom now. So, they were blasted away as soon as they clashed. If it wasn’t for the help of their patriarch, they would have perished by now.

As for the remaining undying cavalry, they were no match for the phantom.

Yang Ye looked up at the sky.

Tian Xiu!

He could only wait for Tian Xiu now, and the undying race could only wait for their patriarch. They were the only existences in this large universe who could restrain the phantom now.

Of course, Yang Ye was more worried about Elder Yuan’s group who’d gone to the initial race’s universe!

High above in space.

At this moment, the battlefield was like an expanse of death. There was no matter here, and ordinary cultivators wouldn’t be able to survive here at all.

There was no air, space, or energy here!

Everything had been destroyed!

However, two people were here, and they were Feng Yihan and Tian Xiu!

Feng Yihan stopped attacking, and so did Tian Xiu.

Experts at their level would take weeks to decide on a victory, and it would take even longer to decide on life and death.

Feng Yihan held a scroll in his hand as he looked down, “Do you want Yang Ye and that woman to die?”

Tian Xiu glanced at them and fell silent.

Feng Yihan continued, “Void Spirit Maiden, if we continue, everyone down there will die, including them. You decide!”

He closed his eyes once he finished speaking.

If they continued, then with Void Spirit Maiden keeping him busy, he couldn’t save the undying race at all. So, practically all the experts below would die. However, Void Spirit Maiden wouldn’t be able to save Yang Ye and An Nanjing. Now, it all depended on Yang Ye and An Nanjing’s status in her heart, and that would decide the fate of countless.

Tian Xiu closed her eyes and fell silent.

A long time passed before Tian Xiu looked down at the remnants of Void Spirit Continent, “The myriad of living beings throughout my Void Spirit Continent are dead, and they can’t die in vain. However…”

She looked down at the phantom and the others there, “We’ll deal with the enmity between us later. Let’s kill that person first!”

Feng Yihan glanced at her and replied, “Alright!”

Both of them vanished on the spot.

Meanwhile, the phantom looked up abruptly, and then the whip shot up into the air. In an instant, the sky was covered in whip images. However, as soon as a ray of dark light and black light descended, the whip images were obliterated. However, the phantom had vanished without a trace.

It had fled!

At the instant Void Spirit Maiden and Feng Yihan joined forces, the phantom knew that it had to leave.

Any one of them was capable of killing the phantom, and their joint forces could kill the phantom with absolute ease!

However, Tian Xiu and Feng Yihan didn’t stop. A ray of dark light and a strand of death energy tore through the air and shot after the phantom.

Bang! Bang!

Two loud explosions resounded from far away in space, and then that expanse of space was obliterated. Countless rays of starlight were instantly devoured and an expanse of pitch black was formed. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Just like that, a long time passed before it returned to calm once more.

Meanwhile, Tian Xiu appeared in front of Yang Ye and An Nanjing.

Yang Ye was about to speak when she waved her right hand, and they vanished on the spot.

Once they left, Feng Yihan appeared before the Undead Warriors and the others. All of them bowed to Feng Yihan.

Feng Yihan glanced at the surroundings and said, “The others should be in trouble. All of you go over and lend them a hand. Try your best to protect as many as you can.”

Dugu Juetian suddenly asked, “What about you?”

Feng Yihan shook his head slightly, “I can’t leave. There has to be an end to the enmity from all those years ago.”

Dugu Juetian immediately knelt down, “We’re willing to…”

“Fool!” Feng Yihan’s face turned cold, “If all of you stay, you will be of no help to me. But the others need your help right now, and even if they got to the initial race’s universe safely, they can’t survive without all of you. Remember that Namo Qianyan of the younger generation will be the next patriarch of our undying race over there. All of you must do your best to help him. Besides that, our undying race is far weaker than it was after experiencing the past calamity and this present calamity. So, if all of you survive, look for a place to develop peacefully. Go on!”

“Patriarch!” All of them remained on their knees.

Feng Yihan looked up at the sky, “No race can prosper forever. This is a challenge to our undying race, but it is an opportunity too. Go on, the others are waiting for you.”

Dugu Juetian and the others made a deep and long kowtow to Feng Yihan, and then they agreed in unison.

Meanwhile, Dugu Juetian hesitated for a moment and said, “Patriarch, the portal has closed. We…”

“Go to the Initial Continent!” Feng Yihan spoke abruptly, “There’s another teleportation formation there. It’s a backup plan that the initial race left. It’s activated from the initial race’s new universe, so it doesn’t require spirit energy from here. So long as that phantom from before hasn’t left, the initial race won’t close that portal. But Void Spirit Maiden and I won’t let that phantom step foot into that portal for now.”

Dugu Juetian bowed to Feng Yihan again, “Take care, Patriarch!”

As soon as she finished speaking, she turned around and vanished with the others.

Feng Yihan looked up into the starry sky, “No one wins!”

No one won!

While the undying race had annihilated the void spirit race when it invaded, what was the price it paid? The undying race had suffered a severe blow, and most of its experts had perished. Moreover, it lost almost half its population too. The remaining half had been forced to enter into a state of suspended animation. It could be said that the undying race hadn’t won that battle. Of course, the void spirit race hadn’t won either. Both of them had lost!

The undying race had fallen from the peak, and it fell into deep sleep for countless years. So, its strength was far inferior than what it had been during its prime, and it wasn’t able to launch expeditions into other universes anymore. As for the void spirit race, it suffered a fate far worse, it had been annihilated.

However, Void Spirit Maiden was alive.

So, the enmity wasn’t over!

Void Spirit Maiden had made a compromise for Yang Ye’s sake, but he was very well aware that the enmity between them wasn’t over. So, even if he didn’t want to fight her anymore, it made no difference now.

Such enmity would only end with death!

Feng Yihan closed his eyes slowly!

Based on his strength, Void Spirit Maiden couldn’t stop him from leaving. However, if he chose to do that, everyone from the undying race would die. So, he couldn’t leave.

…

Near the door of light in the endless black holes.

Three figures suddenly appeared there. It was Tian Xiu, Yang Ye, and An Nanjing.

Tian Xiu kept her back toward Yang Ye as she said, “Go to Initial Continent, there’s another teleportation formation there. You can go to the other universe through there.”

“What about you?” Yang Ye walked over to her, “Aren’t you leaving?”

She shook her head.

Yang Ye wanted to say more, but she suddenly looked him in the eyes, “Live, everyone wants to live, but what about revenge for the myriad of living beings from my void spirit race? Am I just supposed to forget it? You have your choice and things you persist on, and I have my own. I live with a single objective, and it is revenge.”

Yang Ye shook his head, “Tian Xiu…”

“Yang Ye!”

She suddenly shouted angrily and looked him in the eyes with a pair of slightly red eyes, “Do you know that I’ve already made a compromise with the undying race just for you? Otherwise, I could have let all of them die today. However, I made a compromise to their patriarch for you, and I let them go. What else do you want from me?”

Yang Ye was stunned.

Tian Xiu closed her eyes slowly, “Go on. The initial race doesn’t welcome the living beings of this large universe of the undying race, and that’s why they sent an expert over here to kill us all. Once you arrive there, you’ll definitely encounter danger. You may still be in time to avoid it if you rush over now. As for the affairs over here, you…”

Yang Ye suddenly spoke softly, “I just want you to stay alive!”

Her hands behind her back trembled slightly, and then she shook her head and looked up into the sky, “Everyone from my race is dead, all of them. All of them died before me!”

Tian Xiu turned around and left once she finished speaking.

— End of Book Nineteen —