Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2269 – The Most Difficult Thing In Life, Surviving!

Yang Ye had met the man before him.

It was the man he’d met on Initial Continent that day, and it was this man who told him that he had the Primordial Axe of Creation within him!

Yang Ye became vigilant.

The man before him knew of his ability.

The man gazed at Yang Ye first, and a wisp of surprise flashed through his eyes.

No one here spoke a word, and the atmosphere here became quite tense.

A short while later, the man said, “I didn’t expect to meet you here.”

Yang Ye spoke indifferently, “If I’m not wrong, you’re here to look for me, right?”

“Yes!” The man didn’t conceal it and nodded, “Allow me to be honest, the Primordial Pagoda, Bodhi Tree, and Primordial Axe of Creation belong to my initial race. So, can you return them?” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Return them!

Yang Ye chuckled, “According to my knowledge, they don’t belong to the initial race, do they?”

The man’s eyes narrowed slightly, “So you intend to keep them by force?”

Yang Ye looked the man in the eyes, “So you plan to take them by force?”

The man spoke indifferently, “I advise you to return them. Otherwise, both of you will probably not be able to leave this passageway!”

Suddenly, a sword howl resounded, and then a ray of sword energy descended from above the man.

Bang!

He was instantly blasted far away.

Once he stopped himself, his hands shook violently, and they were covered in cracks. He’d used his hands to forcefully resist Yang Ye’s attack just now!

Yang Ye took a step forward and looked the man in the eyes, “You’re threatening me?”

The man’s eyes narrowed slightly, “Yang Ye, I know you’re arrogant and haughty, but if you don’t hand them over, you’ll die a graveless death. Not only you, even everyone else who comes over with you will be annihilated…”

Suddenly, Yang Ye vanished on the spot.

An instant later, he appeared above the man, and then his sword descended.

The Sword Domain!

In an instant, Yang Ye was separated from this passageway, and he was in his own independent world.

The man had clearly realized how terrifying this Sword Domain was, and his eyes opened wide while disbelief filled them, “I-Impossible…”

Hiss!

The man’s body was instantly sliced into two.

Blood and internal organs sprayed all over the ground!

An Nanjing glanced at Yang Ye, “You…”

Yang Ye closed his eyes slowly, “Jing’er, this world is too brutal and filled with helpless situations. If you’re weak, you die; if you have treasures, you die too because others will try to take them from you. I want to live a peaceful life with my loved ones, a life away from the strife of the world. However, this world doesn’t allow it! You know… At this point, I’ve noticed that the most difficult thing in this world is actually survival! It’s too, too difficult to survive!”

An Nanjing remained silent.

Survival!

Since he started his journey on Profounder Continent, how many had died? Too many. The entire large universe had perished now, and countless had perished with it!

Survival was a very difficult thing!

Meanwhile, Yang Ye took a deep breath, “I’ve figured it out. I want to live in this world, and I want all of you to live well too. So, I’ll annihilate everyone who tries to kill us!”

As soon as he finished speaking, he took An Nanjing’s hand and vanished into the distance.

The large universe.

At this moment, the large universe was an expanse of death, and it was dying rapidly at a visible rate.

Meanwhile, two extraordinary experts were fighting intensely here.

They were Tian Xiu and Feng Yihan, of course!

it could be said that they were the last two living people here.

No, there was someone else.

A phantom stood silently somewhere down below, and he gazed at the distant battlefield in silence.

It was the expert from the initial race.

He did want to leave, he just couldn’t. If he dared to move, he would suffer the joint attack of those two peerless experts. If that happened, he would have no chance to survive!

Both Tian Xiu and the undying race’s patriarch didn’t allow the phantom to leave. Because if he left and caught up to Yang Ye’s group or Dugu Juetian’s group, their strength wasn’t enough to stop the phantom!

So, both Tian Xiu and Feng Yihan were constantly paying attention to the phantom!

The phantom was aware of that too, so he didn’t dare to leave. He could only wait until an outcome was decided in the battle!

A long time later, a white haired old man suddenly appeared by the phantom’s side. The old man glanced at the phantom and said, “The initial race’s Ling Xu!”

His voice carried a trace of solemness!

The phantom, Ling Xu, glanced at the old man and remained silent.

The old man said, “I didn’t expect your initial race to send you.”

Ling Xu suddenly said, “I too didn’t expect the Grand Elder of the Martial Sect to come himself!”

The old man chuckled, “Since we’re formed an agreement, my Martial Sect naturally has to do its best. But I never expected that this large universe would be annihilated before we could even do anything.”

Ling Xu spoke indifferently, “Your true objective is those divine treasures, right, Elder Wu Li?”

The old man’s eyes narrowed slightly, “Aren’t you the same?”

Ling Xu fell silent for a long time and said, “I’m afraid you’re going to be disappointed. That person has left this place!”

The white haired old man frowned, “And you didn’t go after him?”

Ling Xu pointed at the battlefield, “I can’t!”

Wu Li looked up, and then a solemn expression appeared on his face, “They’re really strong!”

His voice was filled with seriousness!

Suddenly, space trembled before them, and then a white figure appeared there.

It was a woman. Unfortunately, her appearance was impossible to discern. However, based on her figure, she was definitely drop dead gorgeous.

“White Empress of White Emperor City!” The old man spoke solemnly, “I didn’t expect you to come too!” His voice was filled with seriousness and fear!

Ling Xu suddenly said, “Are you here for those three divine treasures too?”

She replied indifferently, “Can’t I?”

Ling Xu spoke solemnly, “They belong to my initial race!”

The White Empress replied, “It’s mine if it’s in my hands!”

Ling Xu’s face fell, “What’s the meaning of this?”

She suddenly turned around, “You don’t have the right to speak to me! So, just fuck off!”

Hiss!

The space beside Ling Xu suddenly tore open, and powerful energy rippled out incessantly!

“Want to fight?” She ridiculed, “Ling Xu, looks like attaining the True Dao Realm has made you very confident. Allow me to tell you, that if you dare to take just one step forward, I’ll kill you, and your initial race will lose a True Dao Realm expert.”

Ling Xu fell silent for a short while, and then he said, “How could I dare to attack you? Please feel free to do as you please! Farewell!”

He turned around with the intent of leaving.

However, as soon as he did that, two terrifying auras enveloped him.

It was the auras of Tian Xiu and the undying race’s patriarch!

Ling Xu stopped while an extremely unsightly expression appeared on his face. He hesitated for a moment and didn’t dare to leave in the end!

Meanwhile, the White Empress looked up into the space and spoke softly, “That’s the Void Spirit Maiden who was once invincible?”

Wu Li replied, “Indeed!”

The White Empress watched the battle for a long time and spoke softly, “She deserves her reputation. I didn’t come here for nothing. Unfortunately, she isn’t at her prime. What a pity!”

She transformed into a ray of white light that vanished on the spot.

Wu Li spoke softly, “I didn’t expect her to come too!”

“Who wouldn’t want those three treasures?” Ling Xu continued, “But her true objective is probably not just those three treasures.”

Wu Li smiled, “She probably came to have a look at Void Spirit Maiden. It’s normal because White Empress is a rare genius in our universe, and she’s practically unmatched amongst female experts. Now that the Void Spirit Maiden has reappeared, she naturally wanted to take a look. Unfortunately, Void Spirit Maiden isn’t at her prime!”

He gazed at Ling Xu and continued, “Ling Xu, I’m afraid your initial race won’t be able to take all those treasures for yourselves!”

Ling Xu replied indifferently, “The outcome hasn’t been decided yet. Let’s wait and see!”

Wu Li grinned, “Then we shall. Yang Ye should be over in our universe now, so farewell!”

He vanished on the spot.

Only Ling Xu remained here. Of course, Void Spirit Maiden and the undying race’s patriarch were there too!

…

In the teleportation passageway, a group was rushing forward madly.

It was Elder Yuan’s group!

A long time passed before Elder Yuan suddenly said, “We’ve arrived!”

As soon as he said that, they looked up, and they saw a pitch black vortex at the end of their vision. It didn’t take long for them to enter it.

Around ten minutes later, they left the passageway and arrived on a plains. A huge black vortex stood behind them!

After they descended to the ground, there was no joy on their faces. Because they saw an old man with a cane and five other black robed figures standing before them!

Elder Yuan and the others’ faces fell when they saw these people.

Meanwhile, the old man suddenly said, “You’re from the large universe?”

Elder Yuan nodded, “Yes!”

The old man said, “According to the information I received, one group of you is from the undying race, and the others are close friends of Yang Ye. The undying race has left, so you should be Yang Ye’s friends.”

Yang Ye!

Elder Yuan and the others frowned.

They actually know about Yang Ye?

Meanwhile, the old man suddenly took a step forward, “Unfortunately, Yang Ye didn’t come through here. But it’s fine because with all of you in our hands, he will come to my Martial Sect to look for you. I’ve spread the word that if Yang Ye doesn’t come himself in a month from now, my Martial Sect will hang your heads outside my Martial Sect until he does come. Of course, you’ll be safe until then.”

Elder Yuan gazed at Sky Maiden and the others, “All of you leave first!”

He was about to attack once he finished speaking, but the old man suddenly vanished on the spot.

Bang!

An instant later, Elder Yuan was blasted away!

A True Dao Realm expert!

Sky Maiden and the others’ expressions changed. They hadn’t expected the Martial Sect to actually send a True Dao Realm expert!

The old man glanced at them, and then he pressed his palm down. In an instant, a wave of invisible energy pressed down upon them. In an instant, all of them felt like invisible shackles had surrounded them and immobilized them!

“Take them!” The old man waved his hand, “They are a little too weak. If it wasn’t for those three treasures, I wouldn’t even spare them a glance!”

“Yes, Vice Sect Master!” The five black robed men spoke in unison.

The old man nodded and was about to leave, but he suddenly looked to the right, “There’s more?”

As soon as he finished speaking, he appeared extremely far away to the right.

At the moment he arrived there, the space nearby cracked open, and then a middle aged man in cloud white robes walked out from there. He was holding a sword!

The middle aged man glanced at the surroundings, and then he gazed at the old man, “Hmm?”

The old man glanced indifferently at the middle aged man and said, “An ant from the large universe!”

He immediately waved his right hand, and a strand of powerful energy rippled forth.