Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2274 – Just Do It!

As soon as she finished speaking, Bai Zhixian charged at Yang Ye.

Monstrous pressure swept at him!

Yang Ye’s eyes narrowed slightly. He held tightly to his sword with his right hand, and his profound energy surged madly. As it surged, his aura grew stronger and stronger, and then he shot forward.

Since he couldn’t escape, he had no choice but to fight!

At this moment, Yang Ye hadn’t noticed that the Primordial Pagoda was trembling violently in his grasp.

It was warning him! It was warning him madly! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

However, Yang Ye couldn’t be bothered about that. He couldn’t allow himself to be distracted at all!

In the Primordial Pagoda.

In an ethereal world.

A white little thing suddenly appeared here.

It was Snowy.

Snowy pranced forward while looking around the area. Her eyes were filled with curiosity.

She’d just discovered this place, and as she continued prancing about, the Primordial Pagoda on Yang Ye’s hand started to tremble even more violently.

If Yang Ye wasn’t being kept busy by Bai Zhixian, he would sense that the Primordial Pagoda was shivering right now! It was terrified! It wanted to stop Snowy, but it didn’t dare to go to that place. But Snowy had gone there!

It didn’t take long for Snowy to stop abruptly, and there was an ethereal figure not too far ahead.

Snowy blinked, and then she pointed at it. Obviously, she was asking it what it was!

Meanwhile, ripples appeared before Snowy, and Snowy tapped it lightly with her little paw. A short while later, her eyes lit up, and she started waving her paws swiftly.

A few breaths of time later, a voice resounded, “Alright.”

Snowy’s eyes grew even brighter. She clapped her paws together and started waving them swiftly. In an instant, a huge amount of spirit energy appeared here, and Snowy even made a huge amount of Primordial Violet Energy appear here…

The figure ahead gradually became clearer.

Meanwhile, in the outside world, the Primordial Pagoda was trembling madly on Yang Ye’s hand.

It had planned to go to Snowy earlier, but it didn’t dare to now.

Some time later, the Primordial Pagoda suddenly struggled free of Yang Ye’s grasp, and this stunned Yang Ye. However, sharp pain struck his stomach, and his figure was blasted away.

A moment later, Bai Zhixian had grabbed the Primordial Pagoda!

The Primordial Pagoda was still shaking madly, and it seemed like it had encountered something terrifying. However, Bai Zhixian held tightly onto it and didn’t allow it to move at all.

Yang Ye was stunned for a moment. He didn’t do anything and just frowned as he gazed at the Primordial Pagoda. There was something off about it, something very off!

Meanwhile, Bai Zhixian couldn’t help but grin as she gazed at the Primordial Pagoda in her grasp, “The Primordial Pagoda!”

She looked at Yang Ye once she finished speaking, “You can die now!”

She was about to attack once she finished speaking, but the Primordial Pagoda suddenly shook violently in her grasp, and then an ethereal axe flashed out from within it. Her expression changed drastically at the instant it appeared, and she flashed extremely far away!

At the same time, a powerful aura swept out from within her.

Meanwhile, the axe descended.

Bang!

Yang Ye watched with astonishment as Bai Zhixian was blasted extremely far away!

Yang Ye was utterly stunned!

Meanwhile, Snowy suddenly appeared in front of him. She gazed at Bai Zhixian’s flying figure, and then she gazed at Yang Ye and cracked a smile that clearly seemed like she was seeking praise.

Yang Ye gulped, “Snowy, what… what did you do?”

Snowy blinked, and then she raised her paw and an ethereal little axe appeared there.

It wasn’t a real axe, it was just a body of energy.

Yang Ye’s face turned slightly pale.

He’d guessed what it was. He knew it was probably the legendary Primordial Axe of Creation!

Yang Ye hesitated for a moment and spoke softly, “Snowy, it… it has come out?”

Snowy blinked, and then she quickly shook her head. After that, she started waving her paws, and it didn’t take long for Yang Ye’s face to ease up a little.

The Primordial Axe of Creation hadn’t escaped the seal. No, it should be said that Snowy had undone a small bit of it, so the Primordial Axe of Creation still couldn’t come outside yet. However, it could use some of its strength!

Besides that, Yang Ye and the Primordial Pagoda couldn’t control it anymore. It would use the Primordial Pagoda and Snowy to recover slowly and undo the seal slowly, until the day it breaks the seal open and emerges!

During this process, Yang Ye and the Primordial Pagoda couldn’t do anything to stop it. If they dared to act against it now, they would be courting death!

As for the reason Snowy had helped the Primordial Axe of Creation, it was because it had promised to help Yang Ye if Snowy helped it! The axe didn’t go back on its word, and it had instantly heavily injured Bai Zhixian!

Yang Ye laughed bitterly as he gazed at Snowy who was seeking praise from him, and he rubbed her little head, “Little fellow, you… you did well!”

Her eyes immediately lit up, and then she hugged Yang Ye and kissed him repeatedly.

Yang Ye shook his head. While there were many uncertain elements right now, it was fine. Because if the Primordial Axe of Creation hadn’t helped, he would have been crippled or even killed today.

Yang Ye sent Snowy back into the Primordial Pagoda.

As soon as she entered it, the small golden pagoda appeared in front of her, and then it started trembling violently…

Snowy was stunned!

Yang Ye ignored the Primordial Pagoda and Snowy, nor did he pay any attention to the Primordial Axe of Creation. He went over to Bai Zhixian instead. At this moment, she was sitting on the ground against some rubble, and there was an extremely deep injury on her stomach.

Besides that, a strand of evil energy was ceaselessly corroding her, and it was the reason she couldn’t move right now, nor could she utilize her spirit energy to attack!

Actually, if she hadn’t held the Primordial Pagoda just now, then based on the current state the Primordial Axe of Creation was in, it wouldn’t be able to heavily injure her at all. Unfortunately, she was holding it, so the axe had been able to take her by surprise!

She couldn’t dodge at such close range!

She was filled with regret.

Yang Ye squatted down, sized her up, and said, “Why aren’t you bragging anymore?”

She glanced coldly at him, “Ant!”

Yang Ye slapped her on the face.

Slap!

A clear palm print immediately appeared on Bai Zhixian’s right cheek!

She was stunned by this slap of his.

It didn’t take long for a ferocious expression to appear on her face, “You’re courting death!”

As soon as she said that, she was about to disregard everything and use her profound energy. However, Yang Ye suddenly stomped his foot on her stomach, and then he bent down and looked at her ferocious face, “You should figure out the situation you’re in. Don’t even think that I wouldn’t fucking dare to kill you. I haven’t killed you because I want to ask you about something, and if you cooperate, I’ll give you a swift death. Otherwise…”

Yang Ye sized her up, and then he revealed a smile with deep meaning.

“Don’t you dare!” She looked him in the eyes, “I’ll kill everyone related to you if you dare to touch me!”

“You’re threatening me?” Yang Ye’s face suddenly became cold, and then he waved his right hand slightly. In an instant, the clothes before her chest were torn open, and then two large mounts appeared before Yang Ye’s vision!

At this moment, her face was extremely ferocious, and the desire to kill in her eyes was dense to the extreme.

A humiliation!

An absolute humiliation!

However, Yang Ye ignored her desire to kill. He glanced at her chest and spoke indifferently, “It isn’t that huge. I wonder how it feels.”

As he spoke, his hands immediately moved toward them.

Meanwhile, Bai Zhixian suddenly howled with fury, “Go on! Ask!”

However, Yang Ye didn’t ask anything. He just grabbed them and squeezed lightly.

It was soft and smooth!

Yang Ye couldn’t help himself and squeezed again, and then he said, “It feels pretty good!”

As he spoke, he gazed at Bai Zhixian. At this moment, her face was strangely calm, and she just looked him straight in the eyes without any emotion in hers.

Yang Ye felt it was meaningless to continue and removed his hands. Meanwhile, she ridiculed, “What? You dare not touch it anymore?”

Dare not?

Yang Ye gazed at her. He didn’t say a word and just started kneading them while he said, “You think it’s a humiliation? Yes, I want you to know how it feels, I want you to know how the strong can just do as they please.”

“Are you even worthy of being called strong?” She ridiculed, “If it wasn’t for that axe, you…”

Yang Ye raised his hand and slapped her, causing her voice to stop abruptly.

“If it wasn’t for that?” Yang Ye laughed coldly, “If it wasn’t for all the years you’ve lived more than me, would you even have the chance to speak before me? Let me show you what it’s like when others do as they please to you.”

Yang Ye waved his right hand.

Hiss!

In an instant, all her clothes vanished.

At this moment, Bai Zhixian was completely exposed before Yang Ye.

However, Bai Zhixian was heavily injured and helpless against him. She could only let Yang Ye do as he pleased.

“Yang Ye!” Bai Zhixian stared at Yang Ye, “What do you want?!”

Her voice was trembling!

“You’re afraid?” Yang Ye laughed with ridicule, “Weren’t you putting on airs earlier? Didn’t you want to kill me?”

Bai Zhixian spoke fiercely, “If you want to kill me, just do it! Why bother humiliating me?”

Yang Ye didn’t say a word. He just looked down at his sword.

The strong!

The strong held power over the lives and fate of others. Right and wrong didn’t matter, all that did was how they felt.

That was how people like Bai Zhixian thought.

Yang Ye shook his head and gazed at her, “Now, I’ll ask, and you answer. Besides that, stop looking at me like that. I’m not interested in your body. There are countless who would like to get into my bed, you’re not worthy!”