Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2276 – I Don’t Bow to Threats!

The Dao of Carnage!

It was a Dao Yang Ye had created himself, and he had his own thoughts and beliefs toward it. Moreover, he’d perfected it.

That was why his slaughter intent had grown stronger again. While it hadn’t broken through about the Progenitor Realm and attained the True Dao Realm, it could be said that there weren’t many in Eternal Border who could compete with Yang Ye in slaughter intent!

Peak Progenitor Realm slaughter intent!

In the future, so long as he didn’t go against his heart and lose his mind, his slaughter intent and cultivation would grow stronger with every kill he completed.

The Dao!

Just like the Dao Progenitor and Confucianist Progenitors of the large universe, they were stronger than the other progenitors because they persisted on their Dao. However, Void Spirit Maiden said that too much persistence was a bad thing!

Just like this very moment, if he killed just for his Dao, he would be going against his heart, and the costs would outweigh the benefits!

In short, as far as Yang Ye was concerned, even killing has its own restrictions.

Sometimes, when the desire to kill arose, a million could be slaughtered; but sometimes, not even one could be killed at random.

In short, one just had to feel no guilt towards one’s actions. If there’s no guilt, then so what if even a million had to be killed?

Yang Ye’s heart and mind were clear. He took a deep breath and gazed at the Sword Supreme, “Let’s go meet those great experts of this place!”

He turned around and left.

The Sword Supreme fell silent for a short while, and then she transformed into a ray of sword energy and followed after him.

…

In the Primordial Pagoda, or to be more precise, at the 7th level. This level hadn’t been opened by the pagoda, it had been opened by Snowy!

As for how Snowy accomplished that, only Snowy knew the answer!

The 7th level was an ethereal place. There was no spirit energy, air, or any matter in this level. It was just an expanse of deathly silence. Yang Ye saw a familiar face when he arrived here!

It was Snowy!

At this moment, Snowy was prancing around nearby while holding a small ethereal axe in her grasp.

It was extremely small and not much larger than her paw.

Snowy was just prancing around with it in her grasp while swinging it from time to time.

A short while later, Snowy noticed Yang Ye. Her eyes lit up, and then she went over to Yang Ye and cracked a smile.

Yang Ye rubbed Snowy’s head, and then he looked into the distance, “Senior, if you need any help, just let me know. I won’t refuse if it’s within my ability.”

A long time passed before a voice resounded, “Too weak!”

Yang Ye felt speechless.

Meanwhile, the voice added, “There was a woman in the large universe. If you possess her strength, you can help me open this seal. However, you don’t!”

The Void Spirit Maiden!

Yang Ye knew who the Primordial Axe of Creation was speaking about. Voice Spirit Maiden’s strength… Yang Ye laughed bitterly, “Looks like I can’t do anything.”

Yang Ye hesitated for a moment and added, “Senior, if you escape, I wonder…”

The voice resounded, “Are you afraid?”

Yang Ye nodded, “A little. You’re so strong. If you plan to act against me, then wouldn’t I be dead for sure?”

The voice asked, “And?”

Yang Ye replied, “I hope I can help you, and then we can maintain a peaceful relationship.”

Bang!

A terrifying pressure appeared above Yang Ye, and then a wisp of blood immediately seeped out from the corner of Yang Ye’s mouth.

Snowy was stunned by this.

“Human!” The voice was icy cold, “If I hadn’t trusted the initial race, I wouldn’t have fallen to this extent. As for in the future, I won’t trust anyone again. I…”

Yang Ye suddenly interrupted the axe, “Do you trust Snowy?”

The axe fell silent.

A short while later, it replied, “Yes.”

Yang Ye heaved a sigh of relief, “She trusts me!”

Silence ensued, and then Yang Ye said, “Working together will benefit us both.”

The voice replied, “You want to use my strength, or I should say, you want to use me, right?”

Yang Ye replied, “We can use each other, can’t we?”

A short while later, the voice said, “Besides this pagoda, there’s a formation that seals me. This pagoda is of no threat to me, but that formation is made from 9,999 small formations. If I try to break it open by force, it’ll detonate itself and take me down with it!”

The voice paused for a moment and continued, “The Source Dimension Seal, it’s one of the five Sacred Artifacts, and it’s the bane of formations. It can destroy all formations. If it’s used as the core for a formation, that formation would be extremely terrifying. I need it.”

Yang Ye looked into the distance in silence.

A short while later, the axe continued, “Three times. I’ll help you three times.”

Yang Ye asked, “Where is it?”

The axe replied, “The initial race took it, that’s all I know!”

Yang Ye nodded, “I understand!”

He turned around and vanished with Snowy.

Yang Ye left the Primordial Pagoda, and he looked toward the south as he stood by the pool. It was the direction of the initial race, the Shiyuan Clan.

He glanced at the surroundings and vanished into the sky.

Yang Ye shot through the clouds on his sword.

This time, his objective was the Shiyuan Clan.

He didn’t know much about their strength, but he had no doubt that they were absolutely strong. They didn’t even fear the undying race, so their strength was obvious!

But no matter how strong they were, he had to go!

Because An Nanjing was there!

Yang Ye sped up. Suddenly, the space before him trembled, and he stopped and tightened his grip on his sword. It didn’t take long for an ethereal face to appear there.

The face of an old man!

Yang Ye frowned because he didn’t recognize this face at all!

The old man sized up Yang Ye and asked, “You’re Yang Ye?”

Yang Ye nodded.

The old man laughed coldly, “Very good. I have a group of your friends. If you want to keep them safe, then meet me on Falling Cloud Mountain outside the Martial Sect in three days. After three days, I’ll kill them one by one every hour, until you show yourself!”

As soon as he finished speaking, the face vanished.

Yang Ye’s face fell, and it was terrifyingly gloomy.

What he was dreading the most had occurred!

Elder Yuan and the others were in trouble!

While he’d expected that they may get into trouble, he’d still held onto a thread of hope that they were fine, but that was gone now.

Yang Ye fell silent for an instant. In the end, he decided to go to the Martial Sect.

The Shiyuan Clan had An Nanjing alone, thus so long as he was fine and had those three treasures, they wouldn’t do anything to her. Conversely, the Martial Sect was in a different situation.

Elder Yuan and the others were in their hands. So, if he didn’t go over, they would definitely kill a few to force him to show himself.

Besides Nether Maiden and the others, Qin Chuan and the others’ families were there too. If he couldn’t protect them, how would he face his dead brothers who’d died for him? Sky Maiden and the others too. They had all been dragged into this situation because of him…

The Martial Sect.

It was situated atop a towering mountain, and countless mountains surrounded it.

In less than a day of time, Yang Ye had arrived at Falling Cloud Mountain, and an old man immediately appeared before him when he arrived there.

Yang Ye’s gaze stopped on the old man’s stomach for a moment. Because he sensed a familiar sword intent there.

“I’m the Vice Sect Master of the Martial Sect!” The old man spoke indifferently, “Yang Ye, where are the things I want?”

Yang Ye glanced at the old man, “Where are my friends?”

The old man laughed coldly, “Do you have the right to negotiate with me? Yang Ye, if you don’t hand them over in three breaths of time, I’ll annihilate all your friends, and then I’ll kill you, so that…”

A sword howl suddenly resounded.

A moment later, the old man’s expression changed drastically because Yang Ye had appeared above Yang Ye. At the same time, a sword slashed down at him.

The old man hadn’t expected Yang Ye to just attack!

It wasn’t what he’d expected at all!

The old man didn’t dodge. Because as far as he was concerned, a Progenitor Realm cultivator was no threat to him. It was like how a person watched as an ant crawled by the person’s leg. Would that person think that the ant was a threat?

As far as True Dao Realm experts were concerned, all those below the True Dao Realm were ants!

However, when Yang Ye’s sword descended, his expression changed.

His eyes were filled with disbelief and a trace of terror!

The Sword Domain!

Yang Ye had activated the Sword Domain once more. This time, it was enhanced by peak Progenitor Realm slaughter intent and coupled with the fact that he was at the Progenitor Realm too now, it could be said that its might was much stronger than any instance in the past!

Not to mention that the old man had been heavily injured by the Unfettered One, even if he was completely unharmed, he couldn’t resist this attack with ease. Moreover, he’d even been careless now! So, he could only hastily try to block Yang Ye’s attack!

Bang!

A strand of terrifying aura swept out from the old man. However, this aura was instantly obliterated upon appearing.

Bang!

A figure was instantly blasted away, and it was the old man. At this moment, his body had collapsed completely and only his soul remained. He was about to escape with his soul, but a sword pressed against his neck. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The old man’s face turned unsightly!

Yang Ye looked the old man in the eyes, “Where are my friends?”

The old man stared at Yang Ye in silence.

Suddenly, a voice came from the sky, “Yang Ye, this is the Martial Sect. If you touch him, my Martial Sect will definitely…”

Yang Ye’s sword descended!

Hiss!

The old man’s soul was instantly obliterated!

Yang Ye turned around and gazed at the Martial Sect with ferocity in his eyes, “I don’t negotiate, and I don’t bow to threats. If anything happens to them, I’ll annihilate the Martial Sect!”

Bang!

A strand of slaughter intent surged up into the sky, and the entire sky turned blood red!