Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2285 – Sword Gourd!

Once he entered the boundless mountain range, Yang Ye gradually sensed countless types of sword intent. They weren’t just around him, they were beneath him, and as he went further, they grew stronger.

A strange place!

Yang Ye glanced at the surroundings. He was quite curious about the Sword Ruins.

After walking for around an hour, the sword intent around him was growing stronger and stronger, and they had started to make him feel a sense of pressure. However, it wasn’t very strong!

Two hours later, every step was difficult for Yang Ye. The sword intent around him was growing lesser, but they were growing stronger too. Every single one of the sword intents he faced right now weren’t weaker than his own.

They were all Progenitor Realm sword intents!

Yang Ye’s shock grew as he progressed!

Another hour later.

At this moment, every step he took was extremely difficult, and a strand of powerful sword intent was pressing down upon him from ahead.

True Dao Realm sword intent!

He was facing True Dao Realm sword intent right now!

At this moment, he clearly sensed the difference between True Dao Realm and Progenitor Realm sword intent.

But Yang Ye didn’t give up. He continued forward, and every step he took made the pressure grow stronger. In the end, every single step he took caused the cracks on his body to grow by an inch.

Blood was flowing!

However, he didn’t give up even if his sword intent was being suppressed by the True Dao Realm sword intent, and he was still stubbornly persisting.

Just like that, four hours had passed, and Yang Ye had merely taken around 10 steps forward!

“Enough!” Suddenly, a voice resounded, and then the sword intent before Yang Ye vanished without a trace.

Sword Scroll appeared before Yang Ye. She gazed at him, “Did you feel it?” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Yang Ye nodded.

She shook her head, “You haven’t felt it completely, but you don’t have the time. If you’re able to survive the Shiyuan Clan, you can continue here. This is one of the few remaining Secret Realms of Eternal Border.’

Yang Ye suddenly took a deep breath, and his countenance returned to normal with the help of Primordial Violet Energy.

She suddenly said, “As expected of a divine treasure… Primordial Violet Energy…”

Yang Ye was about to speak when she pointed into the distance, “See that?”

Yang Ye looked over, and he saw a tree. On the tree was a black gourd, a single black gourd.

Yang Ye was puzzled, “What is that?”

She spoke solemnly, “The Sword Gourd! The only one in Eternal Border, and none will come after it. Approach it, pluck it, and it’s yours.”

The Sword Gourd!

Yang Ye sized it up carefully, but he didn’t notice anything special about it. He hesitated for a moment and charged at it.

However, a wave of powerful sword intent appeared in front of him before he could even get 300m away from it.

Bang!

Yang Ye was blasted far away!

Bam!

In the end, he slammed against the ground, causing it to quake violently.

He felt like his entire body was about to fall apart.

Yang Ye wiped off the blood on the corner of his mouth, and then he looked up at the Sword Gourd. He fell silent for an instant, and then he charged over again. However, another wave of sword energy slammed down upon him before he could even get close.

A ruthless glow flashed through Yang Ye’s eyes, and he activated the Sword Domain.

As soon as it appeared, the True Dao Realm sword intent was suppressed, and Yang Ye was delighted by that. However, the sword intent suddenly rose explosively, and Yang Ye’s expression changed drastically, “This isn’t True Dao Realm sword intent!”

Bang!

Yang Ye was blasted away again, and he flew even further than before.

His entire body cracked open and blood flowed!

Sword Scroll closed her eyes slowly, “You’re still unwilling?”

The Sword Gourd had released sword intent that surpassed the True Dao Realm, so just that displayed its attitude.

Yang Ye crawled up from the ground, but he immediately fell back down again. At this moment, his entire body was covered in blood, and he would be dead if it wasn’t for the Primordial Violet Energy within him.

The Sword Gourd hadn’t held back at all.

A long time later, Yang Ye gradually recovered with the help of Primordial Violet Energy. He looked up at the Sword Gourd and shook his head, “I can’t!”

He’d even used the Sword Domain, yet he still failed. So, he had no other options!

He was truly out of options!

Even his Sword Domain couldn’t do anything to it. So, it could be said that the Sword Gourd may be on the same level as the Primordial Axe of Creation. Even if it wasn’t on the same level, it was absolutely not much inferior.

Obviously, such a divine treasure was beyond his current strength.

Sword Scroll opened her eyes, gazed at the Sword Gourd, and remained silent. She just gazed at it for a long time before shaking her head, “Let’s go!”

Yang Ye shrugged, and then he walked away with her. As far as he was concerned, it was great if he could obtain such a treasure, but it was fine if he couldn’t. He didn’t attach that much importance to it!

Suddenly, a small head emerged from Yang Ye’s chest.

Yang Ye looked down at it, and he rubbed Snowy’s head. Snowy had just woken up from her sleep, so she rubbed her drowsy eyes and yawned again. She cracked a smile when she saw Yang Ye, and then she hugged Yang Ye’s chin and rubbed her head against it.

Yang Ye smiled, “Let’s go!”

Snowy nodded and leaped onto his shoulder. Suddenly, she looked at the Sword Gourd, and her eyes instantly lit up. A moment later, she’d vanished from his shoulder.

This sudden turn of events made Yang Ye’s expression changed drastically, and he was about to do something when he was stunned on the spot.

Snowy was already holding the Sword Gourd beneath the tree, and Yang Ye and Sword Scroll watched with astonishment as she plucked it from the tree and started fiddling with it…

Sword Scroll’s eyes were filled with disbelief, “Impossible!”

Yang Ye laughed bitterly, “Even though the divine treasures of the world are of no use to Snowy, only my Snowy can obtain them. I’m so useless in comparison!”