Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2410 – I Don’t Want it Anymore!

An Nanjing’s aura grew more and more strong, and the space throughout the Sword Ruins started to boil violently like water.

However, that wasn’t the end of it. Her aura was still rising madly, and then a pressure that didn’t conform to her realm of cultivation gradually appeared in the sky above the Sword Ruins.

The Limitbreaker Realm experts on either side of her were forced to a stop by the pressure and aura!

Their eyes were filled with astonishment!

Suddenly, An Nanjing hurled her spear to the right, and it shot forward like a bolt of lightning.

Hiss! Hiss! Hiss! Hiss!

Everywhere it passed, space was blasted into pieces, and it didn’t take long for a huge hole to appear in the sky.

The Three World Realm expert it targeted was horrified. He didn’t dare act carelessly at all. His profound energy surged out like the tide while a silver spear appeared in his grasp, and then it swept forward like a raging dragon leaving the ocean for battle!

Boom!

An explosion resounded, and the Three World Realm expert was blasted over 10km away. As soon as he stopped, blood sprayed incessantly from his mouth while horrifying cracks covered the arm which he used to hold the spear!

After she repulsed him with a single attack, An Nanjing turned around and slammed her fist forward.

The imposing aura it carried seemed capable of obliterating the world!

Boom!

The space before An Nanjing shook violently, and then a figure was blasted away. It was the Three World Realm expert!

After she repulsed the old man, she looked up at the black robed old man from before. At this moment, a solemn expression covered the old man’s face.

An Nanjing’s strength had far surpassed his expectations, or it should be said to have absolutely surpassed everyone’s expectations!

She was really strong!

An Nanjing didn’t attack again and just returned to the mountain top. Obviously, she was afraid of being led away.

She refused to let anyone underground until Yang Ye returned.

In the sky, the black robed old man’s group didn’t dare to attack again. The old man glanced at the sky and said, “Everyone, it isn’t that we’re not trying, but I’m sure you’ve noticed how strong she is. If you don’t help, then just wait for Yang Ye to inherit that sword!”

The sky remained silent.

The old man laughed coldly, and he just closed his eyes slowly.

He knew that someone would act because no one wanted to let Yang Ye continue growing stronger!

Yang Ye was already able to instill fear in countless people!

Wait!

The old man was waiting until someone took action!

Meanwhile, An Nanjing sat cross-legged on the mountain top, and two spears were by her side.

Meanwhile, more and more powerful auras converged in the sky, and a suffocating wave of pressure appeared throughout the Sword Ruins!

Suddenly, Sword Scroll appeared by An Nanjing’s side, and Snowy was on her shoulder. Snowy was holding a mirror in her paws.

An Nanjing glanced at them and asked, “What about him?”

Sword Scroll replied softly, “He needs some time!”

An Nanjing nodded, “Alright!”

Sword Scroll looked up at the sky with a wisp of worry in her eyes.

As for Snowy, she leaped onto An Nanjing’s shoulder, and she looked up into the sky with the mirror in her arms. No one knew what she was thinking.

…

Deep underground.

A sword howl resounded, and then Yang Ye was blasted around 3km away. As soon as he stopped, blood seeped out slowly from the left side of his chest.

A hole!

At this moment, there were no less than 20 injuries throughout Yang Ye’s body, and every one of them was bone-deep. If his body wasn’t extremely strong, and if he didn’t possess Primordial Violet Energy, he would be dead by now. Even then, he was on the verge of being unable to hold on any longer.

Yet now, he’d only defeated two sword cultivators!

There were ten more!

Yang Ye felt quite a bit of despair, true despair!

He was merely facing the third sword cultivator right now, but it was at least a Four World Realm expert!

He'd been crushed the moment they fought!

The black robed sword cultivator before him didn’t attack again upon pushing him back, and had just stopped on the spot instead. Yang Ye knew the sword cultivator before him was waiting for him to attack!

That was what happened earlier. The third sword cultivator hadn’t attacked upon appearing, but once he attacked, he was just suddenly pushed back.

Or it should be said that if he hadn’t reacted quickly enough, it would have killed him.

That attack was simply like a shadow!

Strong!

This Four World Realm sword cultivator was truly strong!

Yang Ye glanced at his chest. The hole there was gradually healing up.

Suddenly, Yang Ye looked up at the black robed sword cultivator, and then the Sword Gourd by his waist shook violently. After that, a ray of light soundlessly appeared before the sword cultivator’s throat.Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

However, Yang Ye’s expression suddenly changed drastically, and he forcefully twisted his body to the side.

Hiss!

A strand of blood sprayed from his left shoulder!

If he hadn’t dodged quickly, it would have stabbed his throat!

Once he stopped himself, Yang Ye looked up at the black robed man. At this moment, his flying sword had stopped just a few meters to the right of the black robed man, and a sword was pressed against it!

At the instant his flying sword shot forward earlier, the black robed man had swung his sword twice. One to attack, and one to defend himself!

Yang Ye fell silent for a long time, and then he tapped his right foot down and appeared before the black robed man. After that, he swung his sword with both hands.

The Sword Domain!

Four swings!

He’d immediately used four swings!

His ultimate attack!

As soon as the fourth swing descended, a sword suddenly stabbed against the tip of his sword.

A moment of silence ensued.

Boom!

A rumbling explosion resounded, and then Yang Ye was blasted away with his sword. As for the black robed man in front of him, the man had been pushed over 1km back as well!

Cough!

Yang Ye started coughing intensely while gradually crawling up from the ground. Meanwhile, the black robed sword cultivator had appeared not too far away from him.

Yang Ye wiped off the blood on the corner of his mouth and looked up at the black robed sword cultivator.

He felt powerless!

He really felt quite powerless at this moment. The strength of this Four World Realm sword cultivator had far surpassed his own strength, and he was being completely surpassed!

It was suppression in cultivation, in attainments of the Sword Dao, and strength itself!

It was complete suppression!

It could be said that he had no chance to win, but he had no chance to retreat either!

He could only fight!

Yang Ye took a deep breath while his profound energy surged madly. Moreover, his Profound Primal Energy started to circulate as well, causing the veins on his arms to gradually start bulging up.

Strength!

Pure strength!

Boom!

A terrifying wave of intent swept out from within him.

Madness intent!

As soon as his madness intent appeared, his sword intent and slaughter intent were instantly suppressed back into his body.

Yang Ye was very well aware that he was no match for the black robed sword cultivator under normal circumstances, unless he stopped suppressing his cultivation and allowed it to rise. But even then, he may not be able to defeat the black robed man after rising to the True World or even World Lord Realm!

After all, he’d used his full strength just now, but the black robed sword cultivator hadn’t!

Of course, there was another reason why he’d released his madness intent. It was because he wanted to give it a try. He wanted to try how strong it was when combined with his sword!

Yang Ye’s mind wasn’t very clear at this moment, and he held the Sword Precursor with both hands as he advanced swiftly and swung his sword at the black robed sword cultivator.

A single swing!

As soon as it descended, a sword stabbed against the blade of his sword.

Clang!

An ear piercing sound of collision resounded, and then Yang Ye swung the sword again…

In the past it had been the madness saber technique, yet now, it was the madness sword technique!

What was madness?

It was utter insanity!

At this moment, Yang Ye had given up on defending himself, and he focused on just one thing.

Attacking!

Attacking like a madman!

Simply speaking, he was fighting without any regard for his life. Sure enough, it was working. From being in a passive position in the beginning, he was gradually gaining the initiative. Of course, he paid a terrible price. At this moment, his body was covered in injuries, and every one of them was bone-deep!

However, the black robed sword cultivator had started to be pushed back!

He was being suppressed by Yang Ye!

At this moment, Yang Ye had started to suppress the black robed sword cultivator.

Once he used his madness intent, Yang Ye grew more and more insane as he fought, and fighting with no regard for his life allowed the strength of his attacks to grow increasingly stronger. Simply speaking, it was a form of aura, and he had the aura of someone who wouldn’t stop until death took him!

Of course, it came with a terrible price. The injuries throughout his body were increasing, and it seemed like he was suffering the punishment of death by a thousand cuts.

He was being cut up!

Hiss! Hiss! Hiss!

The sound of skin being sliced open resounded incessantly, and the black robed man was being pushed back incessantly. As for Yang Ye, only rays of light could be seen but not his figure itself.

Just like that, a long time passed before the space here had been sliced into countless pieces. At this moment, the black robed man had been pushed over 30km away, and his body was growing increasingly ethereal.

Finally, after an hour of fighting, a ray of sword energy descended, and the black robed man was obliterated.

However, Yang Ye crashed to the ground as well.

As soon as he fell, a puddle of blood appeared beneath him.

Blood was flowing swiftly, and in huge amounts!

Yang Ye laid there in the pool of blood while his body twitched incessantly, and the madness intent around him gradually surged back within him.

It was part of a deal he’d made with the madness intent. It could come out, but it had to return when he wanted it to. Otherwise, he would suppress it forever!

Simply speaking, he could control it now.

Once the madness intent vanished, another black robed sword cultivator appeared nearby.

The sword cultivator’s aura was much stronger and terrifying than the last!

However, Yang Ye waved his hand and said, “I-I’m stopping. I-I don’t want it anymore…”