Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2433 – Big Brother Yang, I’m Hungry Again!

This battle had allowed Yang Ye to truly sense how powerful his bloodline was!

His madness intent was strong mainly because of his bloodline. The boost from his bloodline made his madness intent’s strength grow tremendously, and it could be said that his bloodline was the core of it!

Bloodline!

He didn’t know much about the power of bloodlines.

The Yang Clan had the Mad Demon Bloodline, and he knew that. However, due to the madness that came with it, his father’s generation had modified the bloodline.

They’d modified it! Not reversed it!

So, when he thought up to this point, he recalled what the middle aged man with the spear had told him at the bottom of the Abyss World.

All people and demons had their own bloodlines, and those bloodlines were influenced by their ancestors.

Ancestral bloodline represented the oldest in their Yang Clan’s ancestry. Simply speaking, he hadn’t been able to truly reverse his bloodline because an ancestor in the history of the Yang Clan was stronger than him!

If he could reverse that ancestor’s bloodline, then his bloodline would become the ancestral bloodline of the Yang Clan!

The Yang Clan’s ancestor!

Yang Ye couldn’t help but feel quite curious. He wondered about the Yang Clan possessing an even stronger ancestor! Moreover, he wondered if that ancestor was still alive!

Regardless of whether that ancestor was dead or alive, he had no doubt that ancestor was much stronger than him. Because while he was gradually reversing his bloodline, he hadn’t truly succeeded!

Only when he truly succeeded would he have truly surpassed that ancestor of the Yang Clan!

A short while later, Yang Ye restrained his thoughts and stopped thinking about the Yang Clan’s ancestors. As far as he was concerned, he should focus on how to use the Mad Demon Bloodline and madness intent better. Yang Ye thought for a long time, but he couldn’t figure anything out. It was a problem without a solution.

Madness!

Regardless of whether it was the Mad Demon Bloodline or madness intent, they both revolved around madness. Only by entering a state of madness would his strength rise to its limits, and if he maintained clarity of the mind, his strength wouldn’t increase much!

So, in short, the more insane he was, the more terrifying his bloodline would be!

It was good and bad!

However, he was helpless toward it until he truly reversed his bloodline. Because this was the property of the Mad Demon Bloodline.

It could only be said that Yang Ye’s ancestor was a madman because only a madman could produce such a bloodline!

Yang Ye restrained his thoughts and started regulating his breathing and recalling the battles he’d just encountered. He’d noticed many flaws in himself during the battles. Especially his utilization of Divine Treasures. He wasn’t able to fully utilize them well.

If he could, then he would have had a very good chance to kill Huang Tianxing and Huang Ye!

In the Primordial Pagoda.

An Nanjing was practicing with her spear on the Ascension Platform, and she kept swinging it!

It was a strike that carried belief. The stronger the belief, the stronger it would be. Of course, An Nanjing wasn’t just practicing with her spear, she was practicing practically everything!

Unlike the Sword Dao, the Martial Dao encompassed too, too many things!

It could be said that An Nanjing was one of his trump cards too. If she joined the battle at the critical moment, she would definitely be able to take his enemies by surprise and give them a pleasant surprise indeed.

Beneath the Sword Sect.

Sword Scroll sat cross-legged at the center of the formation with 100,000 swords. Every time she waved her hand, the sword formation would circulate rapidly.

The Sword Formation!

She was rebuilding it!

Sword Scroll had been studying the sword formation throughout this time, or it should be described as strengthening it. The Northern Sword Sect’s sword formation was naturally unable to compare to the sect she’d been part of in Eternal Kingdom. So, during this time, she’d been using her time to ceaselessly improve the sword formation.

She was quite confident about it. Because if she needed spirit energy, she had Snowy and the Primordial Pagoda. So long as she had their help, the sword formation would have an endless supply of spirit energy. As for the core of the formation, she had Executor, the Sword Precursor, and Sword Supreme. It could be said that she had everything she needed.

Especially Executor!

If she used it as the formation’s core, its might would grow even more terrifying!

Meanwhile, at the rear mountains of the Sword Sect. The two Chaotic Fruit Trees deep within the forest were around 6m tall now.

There were 7 tiny fruits on them too.

Chaotic Fruits!

Spirit energy fluctuated from time to time at the top of the trees.

They were excited and overjoyed!

It turned out that a little fellow was prancing over to them from afar.

Snowy!

Snowy arrived before them, and they trembled even more violently in response.

Snowy had given them life and a consciousness, but their lives and consciousness weren’t whole yet. It could be said that if Snowy stopped helping them, then it would take no more than three days for them to wither and vanish.

This world couldn’t keep them alive.

The conditions for these trees to grow were very, very harsh. Otherwise, they wouldn’t be on the verge of extinction.

It could be said that if they wanted to grow, they had to rely on Snowy. Only this little Sprite Progenitor who possessed countless treasures could do it!

Snowy leaped over to them and grinned as she gazed at them. She really loved these fruits while Oxxy and the others loved them more. Oxxy and the others could be said to possess extraordinary karmic luck.

Ordinary demons would consider obtaining just one of these fruits as a huge fortuitous encounter, but the demon beasts with Snowy may be able to have these fruits as snacks in the future!

It didn’t take long for Snowy to sense something, and she gazed at the trees. She blinked, and then touched them. The trees shook every more violently in response.

Snowy waved her paws. Obviously, she was communicating with them.

Unfortunately, their consciousness and intelligence weren’t whole. So, they could only rely on their own natural response. Just constant trembling made things so difficult for Snowy because she couldn’t figure out what they meant.

Just like that, Snowy tried communicating with them for a very, very long time. In the end, Snowy blew countless strands of spirit energy into them, and they started trembling even more violently.

Snowy finally understood what they wanted!

Snowy continued providing them spirit energy for a while, and then she placed two Eternal World Crystals below the trees. World Energy surged incessantly from the crystals into the trees.

Moreover, she made the Primordial Pagoda send Primordial Violet Energy to the trees too.

At this moment, the trees were beyond overjoyed.

A long time passed before the trees gradually calmed down, and then Snowy patted her paws together and pranced off into the distance.

It didn’t take long for her to arrive in the cultivation room, and then she waved her paw. All Yang Ye’s Divine Treasures appeared before her.

Sprite Ascension!

Now, she would gather all these treasures whenever she was free and helped them with Sprite Ascension.Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

These Divine Treasures were still quite a distance away from becoming Super Divine Treasures. However, if she could close the gap, then once they had a fortuitous encounter, they would be able to enter the ranks of Super Divine Treasures.

That was the most terrifying aspect of Snowy. She could boundlessly close the gap between Divine Treasures and Super Divine Treasures!

It could be said that with Snowy there to nurture them, they had a very good chance to become Super Divine Treasures!

Moreover, as she kept helping them grow, the relationship between Snowy and the Divine Treasures and demons… Simply speaking, if anyone dared to touch Snowy, that person would be incurring public wrath!

Meanwhile, in a hall.

A woman in a violet dress was seated cross-legged there, and countless rays of violet light circled around her.

Zi’er!

After she consumed the Chaotic Fruit, Zi’er could be said to have changed the most. Her bloodline was inferior to the Primal True Dragon, but this was indirectly beneficial to her. Because it was much easier for her to reverse her bloodline.

Of course, it was due to the Chaotic Fruit’s help too. If she didn’t have them, Zi’er would never be able to compete with the Primal True Dragon.

In the hall, Zi’er sat cross-legged on the ground while the blood vessels beneath her skin were trembling. They seemed to be undergoing some sort of transformation.

A long time passed before Zi’er opened her eyes and looked into the distance, and then her gaze gradually seemed to lose focus.

Profounder Continent.

She recalled everything from her past. The moment she met Yang Ye, and everything that happened along their journey…

The grin of her face gradually widened.

Yang Ye was still the same Yang Ye she knew all those years ago.

A long time passed before she closed her eyes slowly, and then a ray of violet light rippled out of her. An instant later, her aura started to grow increasingly stronger…

Yang Ye and Snowy appeared in the hall. He gazed at Zi’er just like that with a gentleness in his eyes.

How could he have possibly forgotten her?

Even if he didn’t say it out loud, it didn’t mean he didn’t love her. Some people were impossible to forget once they were imprinted into the heart.

Yang Ye and Snowy just gazed at Zi’er, and a long time passed before Yang Ye grinned and left with Snowy.

At another hall, a little girl squatted on the ground while licking a tanghulu.

She was Erya, of course.

Erya gazed at the entrance to the hall and licked the tanghulu slowly. Her ears had grown a little longer, and her eyes flickered scarlet red. It was extremely strange.

A short while passed before she suddenly stood up and glanced at her left hand. The tip of her fingers were sharp. She’d grown around inch long nails. While they looked like nails, they were actually closer to claws.

She waved her left hand lightly.

Hiss!

In an instant, space was sliced open like paper before her hands, and that torn open space had been completely obliterated. It was just rifts of nothingness.

Those parts of space had vanished forever!

Erya blinked as she gazed at her left hand, and she spoke softly, “Are they really that powerful?”

She seemed to have thought of something at this point, and she shouted while facing the door, “Big Brother Yang, I’m hungry again! I want to eat someone!”