Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2477 – Limitbreaker Realm in the Body!

All the demon beasts within the Primordial Pagoda gave in to Erya’s “coercion” and came outside before slamming themselves against the lightning.

So, howls of agony resounded incessantly through the area.

It was worse than death!

That was what the demon beasts felt right now!

Meanwhile, Snowy was nurturing the Worldborn Fruit she’d received from the old man with a bamboo chest.

She’d eaten the fruit because there had been just one, and she didn’t know how to split it among everyone. So, in the end, she sniffed it, found it sweet, and just ate it.

The Worldborn Fruit!

A fruit born of the world!

Actually, the old man had given the fruit to Snowy because he hoped that she would nurture a new Worldborn Fruit Tree.

Many ancient things had vanished along with wars.

For example, the Chaotic Fruit Tree and Worldborn Fruit Tree. Both of these ancient divine trees had been living safely and peacefully in the world, but along with the arrival of wars, all sorts of living beings started plundering the world. In the end, these ancient divine treasures vanished, one after the other!

But Snowy could grow them once more!

That was why the old man had given Snowy the Worldborn Fruit and even improved the world within the Primordial Pagoda!

Snowy showered them with spirit energy every day. Something worth mentioning was that the Eternal Energy had changed within Snowy! It was growing larger, and it was over 10 times larger than it had been!

Now, she could produce a huge amount of Eternal Energy at any time!

A short while later, Snowy arrived before the two Chaotic Fruit Trees, and they started shaking upon sensing her arrival. After that, strands of energy floated over to Snowy.

Snowy touched the energy with her paws, and then she gazed at the fruits on the trees.

The trees had five fruits each!

A total of 10 Chaotic Fruits!Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Even though all the demons in the pagoda had Erya to train them, they needed resources, and the Chaotic Fruit was undoubtedly the best resource for them.

After giving them countless strands of spirit energy, Snowy pranced off once more.

The cultivation room.

Snowy sat on the ground while Divine Treasures floated before her. Executor and the Demon Wings of Death were here too. However, they stood far away from the other Divine Treasures.

Snowy glanced at all of them, and then her gaze descended onto the Primordial Pagoda.

It was one of her best friends!

She hadn’t forgotten how the Primordial Pagoda had taken the best care of her!

Snowy hugged the Primordial Pagoda, and an endless stream of spirit energy and Eternal Energy surged into it. In an instant, the entire world throughout the pagoda started to tremble.

A short while later, Sword Scroll and Su Qingshi arrived within the cultivation room. Su Qingshi was about to stop Snowy, but Sword Scroll stopped her.

Su Qingshi gazed at Sword Scroll, and the latter explained softly, “The pagoda might be about to advance!”

Advance!

Su Qingshi was quite shocked. The Primordial Pagoda was a Divine Treasure, so if it advanced, wouldn’t it be advancing into the ranks of Super Divine Treasures?

Su Qingshi gazed at Snowy. At this moment, the little fellow was pouring spirit energy into the Primordial Pagoda with all her might. There was Primordial Violet Energy, Eternal Energy, and some other special energies mixed together. The special energy belonged exclusively to Snowy, and it was the most critical form of energy.

Sprite Ascension!

It was the energy that she used to perform Sprite Ascension!

Just like that, the Primordial Pagoda and the world within it trembled as Sword Scroll and Su Qingshi watched, and the spirit energy within it started to become quite chaotic as well.

Time trickled by. Suddenly, a ray of dazzling violet light erupted from the Primordial Pagoda, and then a powerful aura swept out from it, causing the entire world within it to quake!

Snowy cracked a smile, rubbed the pagoda gently, and then she fell flat on the ground.

Sword Scroll and Su Qingshi were shocked, and they hurried over to Snowy.

Meanwhile, the other Divine Treasures surrounded Snowy as well!

Su Qingshi hurriedly asked, “I-Is she alright?”

After inspecting Snowy for a while, Sword Scroll visibly relaxed, “She’s just a little too tired. She’ll be fine, just let her get some rest!”

Su Qingshi heaved a sigh of relief and bent down to embrace Snowy in her arms. At this moment, Snowy’s round and chubby little face was covered in exhaustion. She’d undoubtedly exhausted a huge amount of energy this time.

Su Qingshi gazed at Sword Scroll, “The Primordial Pagoda…”

Sword Scroll spoke solemnly, “It isn’t a Super Divine Treasure yet, it can only be considered as a Quasi Super Divine Treasure. Even then, its intelligence has arrived at a certain level, so all it needs is to possess its own Dao, and it will become a Super Divine Treasure. Snowy has allowed it to truly become boundlessly close to Super Divine Treasures!”

The Primordial Pagoda trembled slightly, moved closed to Snowy, and ceaselessly rubbed itself against Snowy’s paws.

It was naturally grateful to Snowy. Its advancement today was equivalent to truly changing its fate! In the past, it didn’t have the right to possess its own Dao, but now, it did! It was at the peak that Divine Treasures could reach, and it just had to break through the bottleneck. As for the bottleneck itself, Snowy had given that to it!

The other Divine Treasures were still circling around Snowy, and they were trembling. It seemed like they were conveying something.

Sword Scroll glanced at them and said, “Calm down. It exhausts a huge amount of her strength, so it has to be done gradually. Anyway, all of you will have the chance in the end, right?”

The Divine Treasures gradually calmed down.

While they hoped to improve themselves, Snowy was the most important!

Sword Scroll glanced at Snowy who was snoring in Su Qingshi’s arms, and then she shook her head and smiled, “What a monster!”

She gazed at the Primordial Pagoda and continued, “You definitely possess new abilities, right?”

The Primordial Pagoda trembled slightly, and then a small ethereal golden pagoda appeared above Sword Scroll. The small pagoda emanated a ray of golden light that enveloped her. It covered her completely like armor!

It wasn’t just Sword Scroll who received it. Su Qingshi and even the other Divine Treasures had a small golden pagoda above them, and the pagoda emanated rays of golden light that enveloped all of them!

Sword Scroll glanced at the thin golden light around her and spoke softly, “Primordial Armor…”

…

Outside the Primordial Pagoda.

The demons were ceaselessly charging at the lightning under Erya’s lead, but they were blasted down every single time. However, it only took a while for them to charge over again.

Just like that, the demons were cleansed by the Darkvoid Divine Lightning, over and over again.

As for Yang Ye, he’d been lying for a long time. His body was much inferior when compared to Oxxy and the others. All of them were Primal Demons and they were innately at an advantage. As for Yang Ye, while his body was much stronger than most humans, it was much inferior when compared to such demon beasts. So, after suffering a few dozen strikes of lightning, Yang Ye couldn’t endure it anymore!

Yang Ye laid there without moving, and arcs of lightning were flickering around him.

The Primordial Violet Energy was ceaselessly repairing his body!

Around two hours later, Yang Ye crawled up to his feet and looked up at Erya. She’d gone mad.

Erya was just floating there in midair while the divine lightning kept striking her. But she was forcefully enduring all of it!

Abnormal!

That was what Yang Ye felt about it!

Erya was truly abnormal. He’d experienced the strength of that divine lightning for himself. Yet now, she was actually going head-on against them. So, how strong was her body?

Meanwhile, Erya suddenly slammed a punch upward!

Bang!

Yang Ye and the other demons watched as her punch blasted a bolt of lightning into pieces! But Erya was blasted away too!

Their strength was on par!

Erya completed several somersaults in space, but it didn’t take long for her to get back on her feet. She glanced at her body, and there were crystal blue specks of light flickering all over her!

Lightning essence!

All of it was lightning essence!

The essence was ceaselessly strengthening her body and the scales all over her!

Her body and scales were undergoing a transformation!

Erya cracked a smile and charged at the lightning again. However, she didn’t dare to charge deep into the mass of lightning. It was too powerful there, and the strength of the lightning over there could obliterate everyone here!

That was why the Desolate Emperor had told them not to go deep into the lightning!

The demons exchanged glances and were at a loss for what to do.

Meanwhile, Yang Ye walked over to them and shot a glance at them, “This is a very good opportunity to improve yourselves. If you don’t cherish it, then the gap between you and Erya will grow larger and larger. If it grows too large, she may stop beating all of you. Because all of you wouldn’t be worth it anymore.”

Yang Ye shot up into the sky once he finished speaking!

The demons fell silent for a short while, and then the dragon charged over first. After that, it was Oxxy, and then the rest of them charged at the lightning.

All of them were Primal Demons, so they had their own backbone and dignity. They didn’t want the gap between them and Erya to grow larger and larger, and they planned to work hard on chasing up to her. She was their elder sister, and their objective, an objective for them to pursue!

While it hurt to be hit by Erya, it brought them happiness. If the gap between them and Erya really grew increasingly huge, then it would be the worst for them!

Just like that, days went by.

Time flashed by. A month later, Erya didn’t fear the divine lightning at all. Now, she just stood there and remained unharmed no matter how they struck her. Conversely, she was even devouring the lightning. However, it didn’t taste very nice. They kept exploding within her and throwing her into quite an embarrassing state.

Erya left the Clear Void Space and returned within the pagoda. After that, she hid in her hall, and no one knew what she was doing in there.

Meanwhile, Yang Ye and the other demons were still being struck by the lightning.

Just like that, around one more month passed by.

Yang Ye was suddenly blasted away by a bolt of lightning, but an extremely pure wave of energy suddenly surged out from within him!

Space shook!

The Limitbreaker Realm in the body!

After almost two months of this training in hell, his body had finally attained the Limitbreaker Realm!

In other words, he could improve his cultivation all the way to the Limitbreaker Realm now!