Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2547

The woman in a green dress was none other than Boundary Maiden of the Nether Pavilion!

That woman of few words!

At the critical moment, Boundary Maiden had used her unique ability to stop that sword behind Yang Ye!

Since he had nothing to worry about, Yang Ye didn’t hesitate to swing his sword.

11 overlapped swings with the Sword Domain!

As soon as it descended, the Guardian before him was blasted away.

This time, the Guardian was clearly heavily injured. His soul had turned ethereal and seemed like it would vanish at any moment!

But Yang Ye hadn’t stopped there. Yang Ye closed his eyes slowly!

Hiss!

A wave of mysterious energy arose within him!

Flash!

The Guardian in the distance seemed to have sensed something, and his expression changed drastically. He was about to retreat, but Yang Ye had vanished on the spot.

It was fast!

Absolutely fast!

The Guardian was astounded. While he was horrified, his reaction wasn’t slow at all. He didn’t just wait for death to arrive, and he stabbed his sword forward with both hands! Countless strands of Soul Energy surged into his sword, and then waves of sword energy were formed from the Soul Energy and rippled forward.

The entire sky was filled with his sword energy! It was an absolutely shocking sight!

Meanwhile, Yang Ye’s sword arrived.

Hiss!

Along with a flash of light, it seemed like something had been sliced into bits.

Around three breaths of time later, the sky returned to normal, and the Guardian in front of Yang Ye was gone. Only a few soul fragments were crashing down from the sky!

Yang Ye seemed to have thought of something and waved his right hand. In an instant, the fragments surged toward him and were absorbed by him!

The Soul Devouring Technique!

He hadn’t forgotten about this technique that specialized in absorbing souls!

The Guardian’s soul was truly powerful! The fragments far surpassed years of bitter cultivation!

Suddenly, Yang Ye became quite excited!

He suddenly turned around to gaze at the other Guardian, and at this moment, the latter was 300m away!

That Guardian was staring at Yang Ye with extreme vigilance.

Yang Ye laughed with ridicule. He didn’t try to kill the Guardian, and he just charged at the other experts of the Soul Sect who were down below.

Flash was still active right now, so he was at his strongest!

Yang Ye was an absolute god of death while Flash was active. Once he covered the Ancient Sword Sect with the Sword Domain, three flying swords flashed incessantly within the Sword Domain, and every flash would take the head of an expert from the Soul Sect!

Once they were killed, Yang Ye would forcefully absorb their souls!

A slaughter!

It was an absolute slaughter once Yang Ye activated Flash and the Sword Domain, and besides those Lord Realm experts, all the other experts from the Soul Sect couldn’t resist even a single attack from Yang Ye!

Those flying swords were truly too fast within the Sword Domain!

It was so fast that Five World Realm experts couldn’t resist it at all!

Actually, if it were at any normal time, he wouldn’t dare to envelop so many people with his Sword Domain. Because it was very dangerous. After all, if they joined forces against his Sword Domain, he would definitely be finished!

But it was different now. The experts of the Ancient Sword Sect were here too, and they were keeping the Soul Sect’s experts busy. So, those experts from the Soul Sect couldn’t try to destroy his Sword Domain, and so Yang Ye could slaughter madly within the Sword Domain!

In just a few breaths of time, the Soul Sect had lost dozens of experts!

As for the strongest amongst them, the other Guardian and the woman in a black dress were being kept busy by Gu Nan, Nether Maiden, and the pig-riding young woman!

Now, it was a king against soldiers!

Meanwhile, at another point in space, a woman in a red dress was fighting a black robed man.

Suddenly, the black robed man stopped and looked in the direction of the Ancient Sword Sect, and then his face turned utterly gloomy!

The Soul Exalt’s face changed for a moment, and then he spoke coldly, “Retreat!”

Retreat!

As soon as the order was given, those experts from the Soul Sect shot out of the Ancient Sword Sect and fled toward the sky.

The woman in a black dress separated herself from Nether Maiden. She glanced at Nether Maiden and said, “I’ll kill you next time!”

Nether Maiden nodded slightly, “I’ll be waiting!”

The woman in a black dress grunted coldly and fled into the sky!

“You think that you can leave?” Suddenly, Yang Ye’s voice resounded, “Did you ask for my permission?”

As soon as Yang Ye said that, a huge map shot up into the air, and then it enveloped the entire sect and all the Soul Sect’s experts in the sky!

The Myriad World Diagram!

Along with the appearance of the Myriad World Diagram, the experts of the Soul Sect were trapped in the sky above the Ancient Sword Sect.

The Soul Exalt’s face turned gloomy from the sight of this, and the others had extremely unsightly expressions on their faces as well!

In the Myriad World Diagram, Yang Ye gazed at them and laughed coldly, “You think that you can come and go as you please? What? You think this is your own backyard?”

Two flying swords shot out of the gourd by Yang Ye’s waist. There was another sword beside them, Eternal Light!

Three flying swords!

Moreover, the other sword cultivators behind Yang Ye charged at those experts from the Soul Sect!

The experts of the Soul Sect revealed slight panic for the first time!

Hiss! Hiss! Hiss!

A few heads suddenly shot up into the air!

Blood sprayed!

Suddenly, in the air above the Myriad World Diagram, a black awl suddenly appeared there and descended!

It only took a moment for it to stab Yang Ye’s Myriad World Diagram!

Bang!

The entire Myriad World Diagram shook violently, and then it actually started to crack open!

Yang Ye’s face changed drastically from the sight of this, and he hurriedly recalled the Myriad World Diagram!

Once Yang Ye recalled the Myriad World Diagram, those experts of the Soul Sect seemed like a great weight had been lifted off their shoulders, and they hurriedly shot out of the Ancient Sword Sect’s territory!

Meanwhile, the black awl floated in the sky!

Yang Ye had a trace of solemness in his eyes as he gazed at it.

A Super Divine Treasure!

It was actually a Super Divine Treasure!

Because only a Super Divine Treasure could damage the Myriad World Diagram with such ease!

The Super Divine Treasure floated in the sky above the sect for a short while before vanishing into space!

Meanwhile, the experts of the Soul Sect had left!

Yang Ye glanced coldly at the sky with a gloomy expression on his face.

A long time later, Yang Ye withdrew his gaze and looked at the sect below. It was in a mess and covered in corpses!

Yang Ye descended slowly to the ground, and he saw a few hundred corpses that belonged to sword cultivators!

Yang Ye fell silent for a long time, and then he said, “Erect a monument in the sect. Place is at the entrance of the sect, and inscribe their names on it. Besides that, if they belong to clans or have loved ones, remember all of them! Our sect will be responsible for their clans or loved ones.”

Sword Scroll nodded and left.

Yang Ye looked toward the other side. A sword cultivator from the Ancient Sword Sect was seated there. It was Gu Nie, and the corpse of an expert from the Soul Sect was by his feet! Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

It was a Lord Realm expert!

Gu Nie himself was covered in injuries!

But he was the only disciple of the Ancient Sword Sect who’d killed a Lord Realm expert on his own!

Yang Ye walked over to Gu Nie. The latter glanced at him and remained silent.

Yang Ye flicked 10 World Crystals over to him and said, “Heal up, the battle isn’t over!”

Yang Ye turned around and left.

Gu Nie gazed at the World Crystals and fell silent.

In the clouds outside the Ancient Sword Sect, a woman in a red dress was standing in confrontation against the Soul Exalt.

The Soul Exalt stared at her, “I never expected Yang Ye to find so many people to assist him!”

The woman remained silent.

The Soul Exalt laughed coldly and vanished into the sky.

The woman looked down at the Ancient Sword Sect. She didn’t go down there and just vanished into the clouds.

This time, the Ancient Sword Sect had successfully defended itself against the Soul Sect’s attack, and it could be said to have shocked the entire Eternal Kingdom!

After all, the Ancient Sword Sect had lost many Lord Realm experts, or to be more precise, it had less than three if Yang Ye wasn’t included in the tally!

But the Soul Sect had sent around a dozen!

Yet the Ancient Sword Sect still won!

As for Nether Maiden, the pig-riding woman, and Boundary Maiden, they were known to Eternal Kingdom!

While the Ancient Sword Sect had few Lord Realm experts, it had many geniuses!

Especially Yang Ye, he wasn’t just the number one expert in the younger generation of Eternal Border, it was the same for Eternal Kingdom!

Yang Ye’s reputation could be described as being resounding and known to all!

After the battle, the disciples of the Ancient Sword Sect had their own soils. The experts of the Soul Sect had quite a few treasures in their possession, and it was especially so for the Lord Realm experts. One of the disciples even obtained a divine treasure!

Besides that, other disciples who killed quite a few of their opponents obtained numerous treasures as well!

Moreover, the entire sect had become more united now! All the disciples who survived the battle had gained a lot from the battle too!

It could be said that the attack hadn’t just failed to crush the Ancient Sword Sect, it had made the Ancient Sword Sect even more united and confident!

Yang Ye left everything to Sword Scroll and Gu Nan while he entered the Primordial Pagoda!

He'd absorbed the souls of numerous experts earlier, and he planned to use all of that to nurture his body. Presently, his body was already showing signs of advancing…

An advancement!