Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2725 – Come Over Here!

Yang Ye seemed like he was facing a formidable enemy!

He couldn’t bother about the discomfort he felt and hurriedly hid within the Primordial Pagoda, and then he sealed it and used the Sword Domain to conceal the Primordial Pagoda!

Fight?

That was definitely impossible right now!

He wasn’t in a good condition at all, so he would definitely be courting death if he fought back!

Not to mention his current state, he wasn’t a match for the eyes even if he were at his peak!

Those eyes belonged to an existence that even the woman in black feared!

In the Primordial Pagoda, Yang Ye seemed like he was facing a formidable enemy, and he held his sword tight and was ready to fight with his life on the line at any moment.

Outside the Primordial Pagoda.

The eyes swept the area, and then it stopped where Yang Ye’s Primordial Pagoda was.

At this moment, Yang Ye’s expression instantly changed.

Yang Ye stopped hoping for a miracle and returned outside. Meanwhile, the eyes immediately locked onto him, and then the space around him rippled violently like waves.

Yang Ye hurriedly raised his hands, “I surrender!”

The space around him paused for a moment, and at the same time, Yang Ye withdrew Great Unknown and vanished on the spot.

The eyes were stunned, but it reacted just a moment later, and then the space where Yang Ye vanished cracked open while a wave of powerful energy slammed down along the rift!

A figure was shooting madly through the rift!

It was Yang Ye< of course!

If he were at his peak, he may have chosen to fight, but he had no chance in his current state!

It was best to run first!

He didn’t try to flee to the Four Dimensional Universe and turned back to the Three Dimensional Universe!

He was bound to die if he went to the Four Dimensional Universe because he was already on the verge of collapse and couldn’t last much longer, so he’d gone back!

But he’d just got here!

Yang Ye felt so aggrieved!

Yang Ye fled madly while the energy was still ceaselessly chasing after him!

It didn’t take long for Yang Ye to enter a spatial rift, and the energy behind him suddenly stopped. Moreover, it even started retreating rapidly.

Yang Ye couldn’t be bothered to pay any further attention to the eyes right now!

The 9th layer of space.

As soon as he arrived here, Yang Ye fell flat on the ground. His body had cracked open like a spiderweb. While he’d gotten through, he’d paid a terrible price!

His body had been torn open!

Moreover, he hadn’t expected to encounter those eyes as soon as he arrived at the border of the Four Dimensional Universe!

So, he had no choice but to endure the pain he experienced and run back here!

It was absolutely aggrieving!

That was what Yang Ye felt right now!

He'd worked hard for an entire month and even had his body torn open just to get there, but in just a breath of time, he’d done everything he could to get back here!

What a joke!

Yang Ye took a deep breath and slowly crawled up from the ground while using his sword to support his body.

Recuperate!

He had to heal up first. If the End World were to come now, he would be in huge trouble!

Suddenly, Yin Yang Goddess appeared before him. He was about to speak when she frowned, “Have you gone mad?”

Yang Ye remained silent.

She spoke solemnly, “I should warn you that I sensed people coming up from below, and it should be the experts of the End World!”

Yang Ye’s face stiffened. Is my luck that bad?

Yin Yang Goddess spoke solemnly, “What are you still doing here?”

Yang Ye hurriedly stood up and fled.

He would really die if he didn’t flee right now!

Such horrible luck!

Just a short while after Yang Ye left, a few figures appeared in this expanse of space.

It was First God, Emperor Li, Zuo Mu, and the Sky Saber!

All four of them just happened to see Yang Ye shoot off on his sword!

First God frowned from the sight of this, “When did he become so cowardly?”

A moment later, First God looked down at the spot where Yang Ye had been a short while ago.

There was a huge hole there and a pool of blood!

They exchanged glances, and then First God looked up and said, “He entered the Four Dimensional Universe and was injured!”

Zuo Mu suddenly said, “Chase him down!”

They vanished on the spot.

They weren’t here for Yang Ye, but how could they let Yang Ye go when he was seriously injured?

They had to chase after him!

It was a very rare opportunity, and it was the best time to eliminate Yang Ye. After all, with their joint forces, they had a very good chance to kill Yang Ye!

They clearly refused to let such an opportunity slip by!

Yin Yang Goddess glanced at them and shook her head slightly.

She knew Yang Ye was in trouble!

…

Meanwhile, Yang Ye was dashing madly, and his face turned unsightly when he noticed them chasing after him.

His luck was absolutely horrible!

Not to mention four of them, he couldn’t even fight one of them in his current state. After all, all of them weren’t weak, so even if he wasn’t injured, he wouldn’t dare to say that he could take them one on one. Not to mention that he was severely injured, and all four of them were after him.

Yang Ye’s heart was filled with bitterness!

While he’d fled first, they were gradually closing in on Yang Ye.

Emperor Li stared at the ray of light ahead of them, “His aura is very weak, and there’s a strong smell of blood coming from him. He should be severely injured, so we must close the distance fast and not give him a chance to heal. Otherwise, once he has fully healed, killing him will probably become quite difficult!”

The others nodded.

Yang Ye didn’t have any help now, and even if An Nanjing helped him, they still had the upper hand!

Yang Ye shot forward on his sword and sped up to his limits!

He was in a very awkward situation right now. Because he couldn’t stop. If he did, the four behind him would catch up and besiege him!

But if he didn’t stop, he had to continue speeding up. However, his body wasn’t able to endure it for much longer. If he continued speeding up, he would die before they even attacked him!

It could be said that he was facing a dilemma!

Meanwhile, a voice resounded in his mind, “I’ll stop them!”

It was An Nanjing!

Once she said that, she was about to emerge from the pagoda, but Yang Ye stopped her!

Yang Ye spoke solemnly, “How will you fight all of them on your own?”

She wanted to say something but Yang Ye shook his head again, “I’ll find a way! My decision is final!”

Yang Ye sped up once more!

Suddenly, Snowy appeared on his shoulder. Yang Ye frowned slightly at the sight of Snowy, “It’s very dangerous out here. It’s not the time to play, so head back in right now!!

Snowy blinked, withdrew the Sprite Staff, and then waved it rapidly. A moment later, Yang Ye noticed countless strands of spirit energy converging toward him, and his speed actually increased!

Yang Ye was quite stunned!

Meanwhile, Snowy sat on his shoulder, and then countless strands of Primordial Violet Energy, Polaris Energy, and Past Life Profound Energy enveloped him!

Yang Ye’s injuries started healing countless times faster!

Healing while moving!

Yang Ye was stunned, and then he gazed at Snowy. Snowy cracked a smile in response.

Yang Ye rubbed his head against Snowy, “I’m so lucky to have you.”

Snowy was his lucky star!

Yang Ye shot a glance behind himself and smiled coldly, “Come on! Chase me!”

He sped up once more.

He wasn’t afraid of tearing his body open anymore because his speed of recovery was much faster than the damage he inflicted to his body. It would take an hour at most for him to be fully healed!

At that time, he would turn around and take them by surprise!

Meanwhile, Emperor Li frowned, and First God asked, “What is it?”

Emperor Li spoke solemnly, “Something feels off.”

First God asked, “What do you mean?”

Emperor Li glanced at the surroundings, “The spirit energy here is converging toward him! They are helping him!

First God spoke solemnly, “It must be the Good Sprite’s doing!”

He glanced at Emperor Li and continued, “Should we continue pursuing him?”

To pursue him or not to!

Emperor Li practically gave it zero thought and said, “Of course we must pursue him. If we miss this opportunity, it’ll be difficult to kill him in the future. However, we must be careful. He has numerous Super Divine Treasures, the Good Sprite, and the Evil Beast that hasn’t shown itself until now. Besides that, he has that woman with the spear. With all of these uncertain elements present, we can’t afford to be even slightly careless!”

First God nodded. He’d had a few collisions with Yang Ye now, so he knew a little about Yang Ye. Yang Ye was no ordinary sword cultivator. He had many tricks up his sleeve and was extremely shameless at times, he didn’t act like a sword cultivator at all!

Of course, Yang Ye was extremely formidable, and he couldn’t deny that!

In short, they couldn’t be careless or it may result in their death!

Meanwhile, Emperor Li added, “Speed up. The faster we catch up, the better our chances at killing him would be. Don’t give him time to catch his breath!”

He clenched his fists and slammed them backward.

Boom!Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Emperor Li relied on the counterforce to instantly speed up!

First God and the others used their own methods to speed up as well!

Just like that, the gap between them was gradually reducing!

Around an hour later, Yang Ye suddenly stopped. At the instant Yang Ye did that, Emperor Li and the others actually didn’t attack immediately and stopped as well. They maintained a certain amount of distance between themselves and Yang Ye while looking vigilantly at him.

Yang Ye glanced at them and said, “Come over here!”