Chapter 2736 – He’s Here!

Sprites!

This time, the desolate race and the others too Yang Ye’s side. Because once Eternal Kingdom lost the divine vein and all its sprites, it would become an absolutely ordinary world that may even be inferior to the worlds outside.

So, how could they let that happen?

However, they were very well aware that they couldn’t stop the black robed man.

That was why Yang Ye came to mind.

Yang Ye had said that the sprites should not be harmed, and the black robed man was undoubtedly challenging Yang Ye.

Would Yang Ye come back?

…

The Central Prefecture.

Once the main city of the Xing Clan, yet now, it was already in chaos.

Once the entire world broke their way into the Eternal Kingdom, the outcome was an insane plunder and slaughter!

Regardless of the reason a war was fought, there was one thing that would never change, war was cruel and selfish.

The black robed man’s group entered the city, and he looked to the side, “Tell everyone to leave in 10 minutes or kill them all!”

One of the black robed figures by his side left.

The black robed man walked slowly into the distance. A moment later, he was at the center of the city, and a huge formation stood before him.

The black robed man walked slowly to the formation, and a golden rope was flashing incessantly within the formation.

Suddenly, a clamor arose in the city.

The black robed man looked over, and a black robed figure soundlessly appeared before him. The black robed figure lowered his head and cupped his fist, “The people in the city refuse to leave.”

The black robed man nodded, “Kill, kill more, and they will leave.”

“Understood!” The black robed figure turned around and left.

A short while later, shrill cries started resounding from the city.

The Destiny Realm!

Even though Yang Ye had been facing countless Destiny Realm experts, there were very few in the entire world. The people in this city were just people from all over the universe who wanted to make a profit from the war. So, there were very few Destiny Realm experts. Thus, once the black robed figures attacked, practically all the people in the city couldn’t resist them!

A slaughter!

In just less than 10 minutes, almost 10,000 were dead, and the others in the city had clearly realized the issue and were fleeing.

Around 10 more minutes later, only the black robed figures remained in the city.

Everyone else had fled!

The black robed man walked over to the formation, and four other black robed figures were on his sides.

The black robed man tossed a gourd into the air above the formation, and then it trembled before countless strands of spirit energy within the entire city started to surge madly toward it!

As more and more spirit energy converged to it, the formation started to tremble, and then the entire city started to tremble.

The black robed man looked up at the sky. The golden rope within the formation had started to flicker madly and seemed to be waiting for something.

Rumble!

Meanwhile, the entire city started to tremble violently and collapse, causing smoke and dust to surge up into the air.

The black robed man and the others protected the formation from being affected by what was happening in the surroundings.

It wasn’t just occurring here. Countless places throughout the Eternal Kingdom had started to tremble.

The ground in the city was quaking. Some time passed before the ground below the formation cracked open, and then a furious roar came from below.

A dragon roar!

Along with the dragon roar, a huge dragon head emerged from the ground.

Huge!

It was simply capable of blotting out the sky!

As soon as it emerged from the ground, the formation started spinning rapidly. At the same time, a golden rope suddenly wrapped itself around the dragon’s head. After that, countless golden threads appeared throughout the formation, and they wrapped themselves around the huge dragon.

The dragon struggled violently, but the more it struggled, the tighter the golden threads got.

Suddenly, the huge dragon struggled extremely violently, and the ground throughout Eternal Kingdom started to quake!

The divine vein was emerging!

Its body resided throughout the ground beneath Eternal Kingdom, so when it moved, it was like an earthquake for the entire Eternal Kingdom.

The black robed man in front of the dragon suddenly raised his right hand. A moment later, a similar formation appeared in all the other parts of Eternal Kingdom; as soon as the dragon’s body emerged from the ground, it was shackled by the formations!

No matter how it struggled, it was in vain before these formations. Those formations completely bound it.

In the city at the Central Prefecture, the black robed man withdrew a pitch black gourd and pointed it at the dragon’s head. In an instant, countless strands of spirit energy started to converge madly from the dragon and into the gourd.

Absorption!

The divine vein was a sprite, and spirit energy was its essence. It was the source of spirit energy for Eternal Kingdom, so absorbing its spirit energy was equivalent to absorbing the spirit energy of Eternal Kingdom.

At this moment, the spirit energy throughout Eternal Kingdom was gradually vanishing at a noticeable rate!

Huang Ying and the others were watching from a point in space, and they had gloomy expressions on their faces.

Huang Buer suddenly asked, “Will he come?”

Huang Ying nodded, “Yes, he definitely will!”

He knew a little about Yang Ye’s temper. If Yang Ye said he would protect the sprites, then he would. Even if he didn’t want to, the Sprite Progenitor would definitely not stand by idly! Moreover, so long as Yang Ye wasn’t a fool, he would stop them. These black robed experts were almost definitely part of the End World, so they were definitely taking the divine sprite for a reason. If he didn’t stop them now, he would probably suffer in the future!

Just like that, time trickled by, and the divine vein started to become slightly ethereal.

Meanwhile, the spirit energy throughout Eternal Kingdom was declining!

However, no one stopped it!

As time passed, the divine vein grew increasingly weaker, and it had stopped resisting!

It wasn’t weak, but the gourd, formations, and golden rope were clearly made just for it. Coupled with the formidable strength of the black robed figures, it couldn’t fight back!

Suddenly, the black robed man looked to the side, and then a ray of sword energy flashed. A moment later, a Destiny Realm expert’s head flew into the air.

Blood sprayed out like a fountain!

A man appeared before the headless corpse. It was Yang Ye!

Huang Yin and the others had failed to locate Yang Ye, but when the spirit energy in Eternal Kingdom vanished, Snowy had noticed something was off and brought Yang Ye here.

Snowy!

She wasn’t very friendly to humans, of course, Yang Ye and the others were an exception to that. However, she was very close to the sprites and other natural beings of the world. Yang Ye, Erya, and the others were her family, and the sprites were her own kind!

Practically all the sprites of the world acknowledged her as their leader.

Especially when she summoned the help of all the sprites in the universe. Once they came to her aid, she’d grown even closer to them.

So, when she noticed the changes in Eternal Kingdom, Snowy had immediately brought Yang Ye here.

The black robed man sized up Yang Ye and chuckled, “You’re Yang Ye, I guess. I heard…”

Yang Ye suddenly vanished on the spot.

The black robed man reacted very quickly, and he’d slammed a punch forward as soon as Yang Ye vanished!

Bang!

An explosion resounded, and he was blasted over 10km away!

As soon as he stopped himself, Yang Ye appeared above him. The black robed man looked up and raised his hands. In an instant, two short blades appeared in his grasp, and then his figure spun. Countless blades instantly enveloped Yang Ye like a tornado.

Meanwhile, numerous rays of sword energy flashed out from the tornado of blades and sliced them into bits!

At the same time, the black robed man had retreated 3km away!

Seven other black robed figures appeared around the black robed man!

Yang Ye gazed at Snowy, and the latter nodded before flying over to the formation.

The black robed man and the others were about to stop Snowy, but a strand of sword intent enveloped them.

They immediately gazed at Yang Ye. At this moment, they suddenly remembered that the person standing before them was Yang Ye, someone who could even stop Heng Wangu and the others!

Yang Ye didn’t attack. He was waiting, waiting for Snowy to rescue the divine vein!

Once Snowy entered the formation, it immediately started to target her. Especially the golden robe, it immediately shot at her.

Snowy blinked and waved her paw. In an instant, countless swords slashed down at the golden rope. They were the three swords of Destiny, the five element swords, Crimson Sky, the Sword Supreme…

All of them were Super Divine Treasures!

While Snowy wasn’t skilled in the Sword Dao, she had spirit energy, so she just had to give them an endless supply of spirit energy!

The golden rope hadn’t even been able to approach Snowy before it was slashed away!

Actually, it was no ordinary rope. Unfortunately, it was facing Snowy, a little fellow with numerous Super Divine Treasures!

Snowy ignored the golden rope. Those swords had completely suppressed it.

Now, she just had to deal with the formation!

Along with a wave of her paw, the spirit energy in the formation instantly stopped, and then the formation stopped as well.

The black gourd stopped too, but just a moment later, it fled!

However, Snowy was extremely fast, and she grabbed it and slapped it. The struggling gourd immediately fell silent, but just a moment later, it started resisting again!

Suddenly, Snowy sniffed. In an instant, the spirit energy within it surged out and was taken away.

The black gourd was utterly stunned.

Usually, it absorbed spirit energy from others, but this time, its spirit energy had been taken!

Snowy gazed at the gourd, cracked a smile, and then waved it at Yang Ye. She was clearly telling him to look at her new treasure!Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Yang Ye was at a loss for words.