Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2741 – To Death!

Yang Ye walked over. Meanwhile, a few black clothed figures appeared before him.

They bowed slightly to Yang Ye and their leader said, “Our Master asked us to help you. I’m Heier, please let me know if you need anything!”

They were the subordinates of that mysterious expert he usually communicated with via the transmission stone.

Yang Ye nodded and said, “I need to rebuild this city.”

Heier pondered deeply for a moment and replied, “Understood!”

He turned around and left with the others.

Once they left, two old men appeared behind Yang Ye.

Cang Mu and Sha Ji!

Besides that, there was a corpse too, the Emperor Corpse he’d taken from the woman in black’s Destiny Dimension!

They were usually protecting Zhuang Weiran and the others who’d gone out to explore the world.

Yang Ye bowed slightly to them, “Thank you.”

The Emperor Corpse glanced at Yang Ye and said, “I was injured by Destiny in the past, and my body is in ruins. I cannot recover my strength without the help of Polaris Energy.”

Yang Ye nodded, “Please enter the pagoda, Senior. I’ll ask Snowy to help you.”

The Emperor Corpse nodded slightly, “Thank you.”

It entered the pagoda once it finished speaking.

Yang Ye gazed at Cang Mu and Sha Ji, but they remained silent.

Yang Ye suddenly turned around, and he saw a woman walking slowly in his direction!

It was Zhuang Weiran.

She was still as gorgeous as ever!

Yang Ye cracked a smile, “You’re back!”

Zhuang Weiran walked over to him and nodded.

Yang Ye took her hand and spoke softly, “I’m sorry!”

In his entire lifetime, he owed Su Qingshi and the others the most. He’d agreed to let them leave because he wanted them to leave this vortex he was stuck in. Now, he was in a huge vortex, and he didn’t know what the future held!

However, they were returning one after the other.

Zhuang Weiran held his hand tight, “We’ll face it together!”

Together!Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

It was why they’d returned at a time like this.

Yang Ye was clearly about to face the true strength of the End World. At a time like this, Yang Ye was in the greatest danger. So, they didn’t want to be away from him during a time like that!

Yang Ye naturally understood what they were thinking.

Zhuang Weiran entered the Primordial Pagoda, and then Xiao Yuxi, Bai Zhixian, and the others returned in succession.

All of them were back by noon!

Yang Ye sat on a rock before the ruins while the Sword Supreme floated by his side. Yang Ye looked up at the sky, and the sun was setting. Only the remnants of its radiance remained.

Behind him, there were tens of thousands of people working hard on rebuilding the city.

The speed of their work was shocking!

However, up until now, no one had come.

But Yang Ye wasn’t in a rush.

Something worth mentioning was there were some hidden auras in the surroundings. They seemed to be afraid of him, so they remained very, very far away. There may be some among them from the End World, and it could be experts from other powers too.

Yang Ye was very well aware of that.

Watching!

Many of them were watching to see if he was serious!

Yang Ye ignored them and just entered the Primordial Pagoda!

Cultivate!

Continue cultivating!

At the Ascension Platform, Snowy was hammering Heavenshield. It was an extremely formidable treasure that Yang Busi had given Yang Ye, and Snowy attached great importance to it.

This time, she’d gotten some scales from Erya. After she added those scales to it, even Heaven Executor found it difficult to leave marks on it.

However, Erya was quite depressed. It wasn’t that easy for her to grow scales, but Snowy asked for them! Moreover, it was for Yang Ye.

Actually, both Yang Ye and Snowy knew that the hardest thing in the Three Dimensional Universe was Erya’s scales when she was at her peak! Nothing could compare to it! Snowy instinctively felt that Erya’s scales were amazing… If it wasn’t for the fact that Erya had very few of them, she would have even reforged the swords of Destiny.

Unfortunately, Erya had too few of them, so they weren’t enough!

A short while later, Snowy brought Heavenshield over to Erya. The latter was seated cross-legged on the ground with her eyes closed.

Snowy flew over to Erya, and then she rubbed it against the horns on Erya’s head.

Screech!

Sparks flickered!

Snowy stopped and glanced at Heavenshield. There was a very deep cut in it.

Erya’s horn had cut into it!

Snowy puckered her lips at the sight of this, patted Erya’s horns, and then continued her work on enhancing it…

Once Snowy left, Erya suddenly touched her horns, and then she touched a tail. A short while later, she spoke softly, “I think I know how to transform! No, no… It’s ugly, and it’ll scare Snowy…”

…

The building of the city progressed rapidly. In less than three days, the outline of the entire city was visible.

However, there was still no one who’d come to join him.

They were still just watching!

Another day passed. On this day, a group suddenly arrived before the city walls, and they were led by the Yang Clan’s current grand elder!

Yang Ye personally went out to welcome them.

The grand elder walked over to Yang Ye and stared at him, “Our ancestor…”

Yang Ye didn’t say a word and just revealed Heavenshield!

As soon as they saw it, the grand elder and the others behind him were stunned, and then they bowed to Yang Ye, “Patriarch!”

Previously, Yang Ye couldn’t be considered as the true patriarch of the Yang Clan. It could be said that they had joined forces with him, and it was their interests which made them elect Yang Ye.

But it was different now!

Absolutely different!

Yang Ye had Heavenshield, so what did that represent? It represented that Yang Busi had acknowledged his identity. Perhaps Yang Ye’s bloodline only belonged to a branch family… However, at this moment, his branch family was the main family.

Everything was different now!

If it had been for the clan’s interests in the past, then now, Yang Ye represented the Yang Clan, and he was a core existence of their clan.

Yang Ye put Heavenshield away and said, “There’s no need for that.”

The grand elder, Yang Xian, got to his feet and said, “Patriarch, feel free to let me know if you need anything!”

Yang Ye fell silent for a moment and replied, “I’m sure you’ve heard about the news I spread. Yes, I’m going to fight the End World to the end this time.”

Yang Xian nodded, “I see. I’ll tell all our experts to rush over here immediately!”

Yang Ye smiled, “Grand Elder, that’s a huge and risky bet!”

Yang Xian smiled, “You’re our patriarch. If we don’t fight with you, are we supposed to join the End World? Or perhaps allow you to fight out here while we hide at home?”

Yang Ye roared with laughter. Just like that, the unfinished city had its first group of residents!

The Yang Clan!

Once the Yang Clan joined, the Past Life Clan and Martial Sky Clan’s patriarchs arrived.

They had been watching too before this!

They didn’t dare to put their bets on Yang Ye, and that was normal. After all, the End World was so powerful, and Yang Ye was all alone. While he was a monstrous genius, he was still too young!

He didn’t seem very reliable no matter how they looked at it!

Even though he had Destiny’s support, Destiny was an elusive figure. So could anyone dare to guarantee that she would come to his aid?

But they had still come here in the end.

Because both patriarchs understood Yang Ye’s character to a certain extent. If they couldn’t go through difficulties with him, they could dream of sharing in his success. Now that the Yang Clan had made its stand clear, if they didn’t do the same now, it was obvious that even if they joined later on, it couldn’t be considered as timely assistance.

After all, help given when necessary can never compare to help that was given when it was needed!

Yang Ye personally welcomed them as well. Yan Wu smiled upon seeing Yang Ye, “Brother Yang, you’re grown much stronger in the short time since we last met! Now, ordinary Destiny Realm experts can’t resist a single swing of your sword!”

Yang Ye chuckled and said, “Brother Yan Wu, welcome.”

He gazed at the Past Life Clan’s patriarch and continued, “Senior, welcome to you and the Past Life Clan too. Since you’ve come, I can promise you that your clans will remain eternal while I’m still alive!”

Both of them had solemn expressions on their faces.

Even Yan Wu had restrained his smile!

It was a huge promise!

Yang Ye was a Destiny Realm expert, and he could kill ordinary Destiny Realm experts with ease. Moreover, he was still young now, so his strength would definitely grow even more terrifying as time passed!

It could be said that so long as Yang Ye remained alive and won, their clans would always remain in this universe.

The two patriarchs exchanged glances, and then Yan Wu smiled, “Brother Yang, go on, tell us what we should do!”

What to do!

Yang Ye smiled, “Of course we’re going to fight them to the death! Haha!”

Yang Ye entered the city with them. On their way, Yan Wu glanced at the surroundings and said, “This city needs some formations!”

Yang Ye gazed at him, “Do you know how?”

Yan Wu shook his head, “My clan isn’t skilled in that. But I can recommend someone!”

Yang Ye asked, “Who?”

Yan Wu smiled, “The Formation Daoist, he’s a surviving member of one of the 10 clans of the past, the Yue Clan. The Yue Clan could be considered the best in formations among the 10 clans. However, they’re almost completely wiped out. Few of them survived, just around 30 of them, actually. Moreover, they are miserable, and they only have a single Destiny Realm expert.”

Yang Ye pondered deeply for a moment and said, “We can invite them here.”

Yan Wu nodded, “He won’t refuse. Instead of dragging on a miserable existence, he would definitely choose to take a risk. Leave this to me. I’ll bring him here. Moreover, he’ll definitely give you a huge surprise!”

Yang Ye smiled, “Thank you!”

Suddenly, something unexpected happened.

Space suddenly cracked open in the sky above the city, and then a huge hand around 3km long slammed down from within the spatial rift!