Chapter 2747 – Burial Again!

Emperor Li had an extremely unsightly expression on the face of his soul!

It was absolutely unsightly!

At this moment, he was cursing himself for being so foolish. He hadn’t been careless, nor had he underestimated Yang Ye, he’d just intended to waste his breath on them.

Normally, both sides would definitely say something before the battle began.

But Yang Ye just attacked immediately! Moreover, Yang Ye had immediately used a trump card.

A lion had to use its full strength even when hunting a rabbit!

A single mistake had almost cost him his life!

Along with Emperor Li losing his body, the morale of Yang Ye’s forces instantly rose tremendously!

The stronger Yang Ye was, the more determined they were to stay with him!

Obviously, Yang Ye was one of the peak experts of this world right now!

Suddenly, the space in the surroundings trembled, and then strands of black energy appeared around them.

Corrosion!

The black energy was ceaselessly corroding the space around them!

Yang Ye’s eyes narrowed slightly. He was about to do something when Erya appeared. She glanced at the black energy and waved her right hand, a wave of extremely evil aura rippled out from her palm.

Bang!

The black energy in the surroundings was instantly obliterated!

At this moment, everyone gazed at Erya!

The Evil Progenitor!

She was immune to all evil!

Meanwhile, Yang Ye abruptly vanished on the spot. Emperor Li’s expression changed drastically as he moved backward rapidly. Unfortunately, he was a soul now, so his speed was far inferior to Yang Ye.

Right when Yang Ye was about to catch up to him, a pitch black hand suddenly appeared before him, and it was clenched before slamming forward at Yang Ye.

Bang!

The powerful force it carried forced Yang Ye to a stop!

The black hand again!

A vicious expression arose on the corners of Yang Ye’s mouth, and then he shot at the black hand.

At the same time, the others behind him charged at the End World!

The battle erupted!

Of course, it mainly depended on whether Yang Ye could stop the hand. If he couldn’t, then everything would be meaningless!

A short while later, Yang Ye arrived before the black hand. Meanwhile, the black hand suddenly moved back, and then it slammed forward again!

The world shook before it!

In an instant, the others behind Yang Ye were blasted backward repeatedly!

Yang Ye was pushed back as well, but it only took a while for him to stop himself. After that, he stomped his right foot down and appeared before the black hand once more. A moment later, he drew his sword and swung it!

Explosive Heavenrend!

Meanwhile, the black had suddenly unfurled itself and pushed forward.

It went head-on against Yang Ye’s sword!

An instant later, Yang Ye’s sword struck the black hand’s palm, and it trembled. Meanwhile, Yang Ye swung his sword again!

Explosive Madness Sword Technique!

Swing after swing!

However, the black hand stopped every one of them!

Of course, Yang Ye’s strength did make a difference because the black hand was being pushed back repeatedly.

Finally, the black hand counterattacked. It clenched into a fist and moved 30m back in an instant. It created space between them before slamming forward once more!

The world dimmed down before it!

As soon as the punch shot forward, the space between Yang Ye and the black hand was obliterated. At the same time, waves of powerful energy rippled forward like tidal waves at Yang Ye!

Yang Ye’s eyes narrowed slightly. He sheathed his sword and held its hilt tightly.

Boom!

A wave of monstrous and vicious slaughter intent swept out from him.

The Demonic Sword Dao!

Upon entering this state, Yang Ye’s slaughter intent and sword intent immediately rose rapidly, and his aura surged crazily as well. It rose to an extreme!

Yang Ye didn’t dare to act carelessly against the black hand!

He couldn’t die… No, he couldn’t lose!

So long as he lost, his side would be instantly suppressed! So, he couldn’t afford to lose!

Meanwhile, Yang Ye drew his sword.

An ear piercing sword howl resounded through the sky, and then a beam of sword energy slashed down!

Boom!

The entire sky world shook, and then waves of terrifying energy rippled down from the sky. The battlefield in the surroundings was affected by it, causing all of them to retreat rapidly. It was because the energy was too terrifying, and they didn’t dare to get close!

Meanwhile, rays of sword energy were rippling through the center of the terrifying wave of energy. Besides that, there was cracking from punches.

At this moment, everyone stopped and looked over there!

That was the key battle!

Just like that, around an hour passed before the space there gradually calmed down.

Meanwhile, a figure suddenly shot over 1km away from there, and a deep gully was created in the space below the figure.

The figure belonged to Yang Ye!

Had he lost?

Everyone here was stunned.

Suddenly, Yang Ye grinned viciously, “Bring it!”

As soon as he finished speaking, he charged forward!

The others heaved sighs of relief.

Meanwhile, the experts of the End World had quite gloomy expressions on their faces because the black hand had actually failed to kill Yang Ye!

Meanwhile, Erya gazed at Zuo Mu, “Leave him to me! All of you can take the rest!”

She charged at Zuo Mu.

Zuo Mu raised his hand and swung his saber!

Erya slammed a punch at him!

Bang!

The powerful force behind it instantly blasted apart Zuo Mu’s attack, and the latter was blasted away.

Huang Ying and the others grew increasingly confident from the sight of this!

Erya was about to attack again when a figure obstructed her path!

It was Heng Wangu!

Heng Wangu glanced at Erya with indifference on his face, and Erya didn’t even hesitate to slam a punch at him!

Heng Wangu frowned slightly and raised both his hands. A golden status instantly appeared behind him! After that, the golden statue slammed a punch down from above!

It shot straight for Erya!

Erya didn’t shrink back and slammed a punch forward!

Bang!

Erya was pushed around 30m back, and the golden status was pushed an entire 300m back. Moreover, the golden statue’s entire arm was covered in cracks!

Heng Wangu revealed an extremely solemn expression on his face!

He was very well aware of the strength possessed by the golden statue, but the young girl had cracked it with just a punch!

How powerful was her punch?

Erya glanced at her own little fist, and it was slightly red. A moment later, she dashed forward in Heng Wangu’s direction!

Bam! Bam! Bam!

In an instant, the world started to tremble before her!

Heng Wangu’s pupils constricted from the sight of this, and he pressed his palms together. The huge golden statue behind him did the same. A moment later, he leaned forward and pressed his right palm down in Erya’s direction!

Bang!

The golden statue’s golden palm suddenly pressed down upon Erya!

Rumble!

Along with the descent of the golden palm, the space beneath it started to be compressed and exploded apart. The powerful force it created could simply obliterate the world!

Erya looked up at the golden palm, and her eyes gradually turned scarlet red. She clenched her fists, and then the space around her actually started to crack open!

Her strength was too overwhelming!

Suddenly, Erya shot up into the air, and then she slammed her fist against the golden statue’s huge palm!

It was a very amusing scene!

Because Erya’s tiny fist was truly too tiny when compared to the golden statue.

However, it was such a tiny fist that forcibly stopped the destructive golden palm!

Erya started at the huge palm. Suddenly, she pressed her other hand against it, “World Explosion!”

As soon as she said that, Heng Wangu watched with astonishment as she suddenly grabbed the towering palm and hurled it.

Rumble!

The golden statue behind Heng Wangu suddenly flipped in midair, and then it was tossed away in the direction Erya had let go!

Erya didn’t stop there. She leaped up and arrived above the golden statue, and then she stomped her right foot down.

Bang!

The golden statue was instantly obliterated!

Erya gazed at Heng Wangu. Meanwhile, the latter stretched out his right hand and twisted it lightly. In an instant, the space around Erya shook violently.

Strands of powerful energy rippled incessantly toward her!

Erya remained indifferent as she slapped her right palm at it.

Bang!Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

The space there instantly collapsed, and so did Heng Wangu’s attack!

The corners of his eyes twitched slightly from the sight of this. Meanwhile, Erya had charged at him. Her strength was extremely formidable to the point space collapsed inch by inch in her wake!

The space here couldn’t endure her at all!

Heng Wangu’s eyes narrowed slightly. He was about to attack when a ray of sword energy slashed over.

Erya stopped, turned around, and slammed a punch at it!

Bang!

Erya was forcibly blasted over 1km away!

As soon as she stopped herself, her right fist cracked open and blood seeped out incessantly!

There were dark golden scales on her fist, but they had been sliced open!

Erya looked into the distance, and there was a black hand there!

Meanwhile, Yang Ye was facing a black hand too!

Two black hands!

The vicious glow in Erya’s eyes grew as she gazed at the sword in the hand’s grasp. Suddenly, Snowy appeared before her, and Snowy was holding a sword!

A brand new sword!

A sword formed from merging all three swords of Destiny!

Erya glanced at the sword and shook her head. After that, she walked toward the hand which held Burial in its grasp.

Meanwhile, Snowy suddenly obstructed her path. She gazed at Burial and gestured at it!

The black sword trembled…