Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2748 – Seizing the Sword!

It was working!

Snowy cracked a smile. Suddenly, something unexpected happened. The pitch black hand suddenly vanished on the spot.

A moment later, a sword was above Snowy, and it stabbed down at her head!

Erya grabbed Snowy and slapped a punch upward.

Boom!

An explosion resounded, and both of them were blasted down!

The black hand stabbed its sword at them again.

Meanwhile, An Nanjing abandoned Sky Saber, and her figure shot rapidly to appear above Snowy and Erya!

An Nanjing twisted her palm, and a spear stabbed upward into the air.

The sword and spear collided.

Bang!

An Nanjing, Snowy, and Erya instantly crashed over 10km down, and Dagger-Axe cracked open in her grasp. A miserable cry resounded from the spear!

The sword didn’t stop and continued downward!

Suddenly, a sword howl resounded from the side, and then a blood red ray of sword energy slashed down from there!

The sword stopped for a moment and slashed to the side.

Hiss!

The blood red sword energy was blasted into bits!

Meanwhile, Yang Ye turned around and swung his sword, and a black fist just happened to arrive before him!

Another head-on collision!

Bam!

Yang Ye and his sword trembled, and then he instantly retreated over 3km away. There was blood seeping out from the corner of his mouth.

This time, he didn’t attack again, and he just went over to An Nanjing, Snowy, and Erya. An Nanjing and him stood before Erya and Snowy, or to be more precise, they were standing in front of Erya. Because Snowy had been tossed into the Primordial Pagoda.

There was a pair of hands in front of them!

Not one but a pair! One of them was holding the black sword!

Yang Ye spoke solemnly, “Erya, can you fight the hand without a sword?”

Erya nodded, “Alright!”

As soon as she said that, she charged forward, and her powerful physical strength tore open everything before her!

At the instant Erya attacked, Yang Ye and An Nanjing attacked as well. However, their target was the hand with the sword.

Yang Ye had asked Erya to face the other hand alone because of her physical defenses. The hand without the sword couldn’t harm her. So, it was safest for her to fight it.

As for the hand with the sword, it was entirely capable of penetrating her defenses!

Yang Ye didn’t dare to let her face it!

Just as Yang Ye had expected, while she couldn’t gain the upper hand over the hand without the sword, it couldn’t harm her either!

However, Yang Ye and An Nanjing were in quite a bit of trouble.

Even if they joined forces, it was still difficult for them to face the black hand. Because that sword was too sharp! It was practically capable of slicing through anything!

Perhaps only the Ordinary Sword and Justice could fight this sword!

Bang!

Suddenly, Dagger-Axe shattered in An Nanjing’s grasp and fragments of it rained down from the sky. At the same time, An Nanjing was pushed over 3km away. Besides that, there was a long sword injury on her arm!

It was the work of Burial!

The black hand wasn’t able to follow up with another attack because Yang Ye obstructed it.

Yang Ye was holding the Sword Precursor. Similarly, he didn’t dare to go head-on against that sword with the Sword Precursor. Because Burial was truly too sharp, and even the Sword Precursor couldn’t withstand it!

It was why An Nanjing and him were at a disadvantage and were completely suppressed!

“Move aside!” Suddenly, An Nanjing’s voice resounded.

Yang Ye didn’t hesitate to flash 300m to the side. Meanwhile, an afterimage charged at the black hand.

Bang!

An explosion resounded, and the hand was blasted backward!

Yang Ye was stunned and gazed at An Nanjing. At this moment, her eyes were closed, and there was a strange aura coiled around her!

Yang Ye’s eyes narrowed slightly. An Nanjing felt quite unfamiliar to him at this moment.

“Martial Release!” Suddenly, a voice came from the black hand, “I didn’t expect you to be a successor of the unnamed clan. No wonder…”

Suddenly, An Nanjing vanished on the spot, and she was in front of the black hand when she appeared again. She raised her hands slowly and started waving them. In an instant, countless An Nanjings appeared around the black hand.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

In an instant, explosions resounded incessantly, and then the black hand retreated incessantly.

Suppression!

At this moment, An Nanjing was suppressing the black hand.

Meanwhile, Yang Ye’s expression gradually became solemn!

The hand was retreating yet remained calm. It seemed to be suppressed, but it wasn’t. However, he had no way to interfere at a time like this.

A short while later, the black hand had retreated by 300m. Suddenly, it stopped, and then it twisted its sword lightly. In an instant, numerous vortices of sword energy rippled out!

Hiss! Hiss! Hiss! Hiss!

An Nanjing’s clones were obliterated inch by inch!

Meanwhile, Yang Ye decisively chose to attack!

Yang Ye swung his sword at the strange vortices of sword energy.

Bang!

The space there shook, and then two figures were blasted backward!

It was Yang Ye and An Nanjing!

Bang! Bang!

They stopped at the same time, and a wave of sword energy had arrived before them.

An Nanjing was about to take care of it when Yang Ye pulled her behind him. At this moment, she was severely injured and had lost Dagger-Axe, so she couldn’t stop it at all!

A vicious grin appeared on Yang Ye’s lips, and then he suddenly vanished on the spot. A moment later, a wave of blood red sword energy flashed.

Hiss!Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

The blood red word energy sliced through the black sword energy, but just a moment later, Yang Ye saw the black sword. Yang Ye didn’t retreat and advanced instead. A moment later, he was rapidly closing in on the black sword, and Burial suddenly sped up tremendously!

Yang Ye’s pupils constricted slightly. A moment later, he sheathed his sword, and then he crossed his arms and raised them forward!

Heavenshield!

Heavenshield had appeared on his arms!

As soon as Heavenshield appeared, Yang Ye’s blood started to converge toward it!

Once his blood flowed into it, Heavenshield instantly emanated a ray of dazzling blood red flames!

Meanwhile, Yang Ye slammed against the black sword!

Bang!

A rumbling explosion resounded, and then the black sword was blasted away!

However, Heavenshield cracked open on Yang Ye’s arms!

It wasn’t just Heavenshield, even his arms had cracked open, and countless strands of blood sprayed from them!

However, Yang Ye ignored that. At the instant the black sword was blasted away, Yang Ye suddenly grabbed it!

The black sword immediately started shaking violently. At the same time, Yang Ye’s hand was sliced open by the sword energy it emanated…

A vicious expression appeared on Yang Ye’s face as he tossed it into the Primordial Pagoda!

At the same time, Yang Ye looked at Erya and howled furiously, “Erya!”

As soon as he said that, a pitch black fist slammed down at him!

Yang Ye raised his left hand and defended himself.

Bam!

Yang Ye was instantly blasted away!

Meanwhile, Erya knew what he meant. She abandoned the black hand and returned to the Primordial Pagoda!

On the other side, after Yang Ye had been blasted away, An Nanjing swiftly charged at the black hand, and it had no choice but to stop and deal with her!

In the Primordial Pagoda.

Along with the arrival of the black sword, the Primordial Pagoda was in chaos!

Danger!

The black sword floated calmly in midair for a moment, and then it suddenly shook violently. In an instant, the entire sky turned ethereal!

Meanwhile, a ray of dazzling golden light enveloped Burial!

It was the Primordial Pagoda!

However, the golden light was instantly obliterated upon enveloping the sword!

Snowy waved her paws swiftly, causing countless strands of spirit energy to converge toward Burial. However, the sword was too destructive, so the spirit energy she sent was completely obliterated!

Snowy blinked from the sight of this and waved her paw. A moment later, three swords appeared before her!

The swords of Destiny!

Snowy pressed them together!

The sword instantly shot up into the air. Meanwhile, Burial shook violently, and it transformed into a ray of sword energy that shot at Snowy’s merged swords of Destiny!

Bang!

The sword was blasted away. At the same time, countless cracks appeared on it!

It was a natural counter for Destiny’s swords!

Snowy blinked from the sight of this, and then she gazed at Burial and raised a claw… She was telling it that it was amazing…

Meanwhile, Burial slashed down at Snowy.

Obviously, it had realized that Snowy was the true culprit!

Suddenly, Erya appeared by Snowy’s side.

Burial stopped. Clearly, it was fearful of Erya!

Snowy pointed at Burial and started waving her paws.

She was telling Erya to catch the sword and let her touch it. If she could do that, the sword would be finished!

Erya pondered deeply for a moment and nodded. After that, she charged at Burial!

She was very well aware of Snowy’s ability. Even the greatest sword couldn’t resist her ability of Sprite Destruction!

Even Justice couldn’t!

Once Erya charged forward, Snowy rubbed her paws together while excitement covered her face. Based on how she looked now, it was like the sword already belonged to her!

So long as she wanted anything she saw, it would be hers!

It had always been like that!

That was how it was for Snowy!

Meanwhile, Yang Ye and An Nanjing were about to suffer out there.

Once Yang Ye sent Burial into the Primordial Pagoda, the black hand had suddenly stopped. A moment later, they started to come together, and then an ethereal figure appeared between them!

The main body!

Yang Ye’s eyes narrowed slightly as he tightened his grip on the Sword Precursor.