Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2750 – Boundless Divine Tree!

A woman suddenly appeared by Yang Ye’s side, and she was naturally a familiar face to him!

Because it was the Yang Clan’s ancestor, Yang Busi!

Yang Ye was quite surprised because he hadn’t expected her to be here.

It was unexpected!

Yang Busi didn’t say anything. She gazed at the Omni Phantom with indifference. She didn’t say a word and just slammed a punch at it.

Bang!

The powerful force of the punch instantly suppressed its flames. Meanwhile, the Omni Phantom shook violently and was about to attack again. However, the mysterious expert suddenly stopped it!

The mysterious expert gazed at the flame in his grasp and chuckled, “There are very few in this world who are able to suppress you. However, this person before you just happens to be one of them.”

He put the flame away once he finished speaking.

Meanwhile, the Hellion Dragon wasn’t as arrogant as it had been. It gazed at Yang Busi with fear and solemness in its eyes.

It looked down upon the experts of this era, but Yang Busi wasn’t an expert from this era!

Even in the era of Destiny, Yang Busi was one of the top existences in that era!

“Ancestor!” Suddenly, the Yang Clan’s grand elder and the others dashed over and trembled as they knelt before her!

They were excited!

What they felt right now was simply impossible to describe with words!

Yang Busi glanced at them with a rather complicated expression on her face. She nodded and said, “Stand aside for now!”

They hurriedly moved aside.

Yang Busi looked up at the mysterious expert, “You recognize me, but I don’t recognize you. So, tell me. Which old geezer are you?”

The mysterious expert chuckled, “Go figure!”

Yang Busi laughed coldly, “You must be an idiot!”

She suddenly vanished on the spot.

The mysterious expert slammed a punch at her!

Bang!

An explosion resounded, and then both of them were pushed back repeatedly.

A short while later, they stopped at practically the exact same moment!

Yang Busi glanced at her right hand, and then she looked up at the mysterious expert and laughed coldly, “You’re still concealing your strength. Looks like you’re not someone ordinary!”

Suddenly, the huge dragon above the mysterious expert dived down.

Yang Busi looked up at it and had a ridiculing grin on the corner of her mouth, “Trash!”

She suddenly shot up into the air.

Boom!

The huge dragon’s head was blasted sideways. At the same time, its body was blasted off into the sky!

A short while later, a shrill and miserable howl resounded through the sky!

Meanwhile, the mysterious expert suddenly vanished on the spot.

Bang!

The entire sky cracked open while waves of terrifying aura rippled down from above.

The others behind Yang Ye were about to retreat, but Yang Ye suddenly leaped up, “Don’t retreat and kill them!”

As soon as he gave the order, Yang Ye charged at Heng Wangu.

Now that they had Yang Busi to keep the mysterious expert busy, it was the best opportunity for them to annihilate the End World! So, how could they retreat?

Of course they had to fight the End World to the death!

Yang Ye led the charge. Meanwhile, the experts behind him were stunned for a moment, and then they charged with him!

The expressions of the experts from the End World turned quite unsightly!

Not that they didn’t have the mysterious expert, how could they fight Yang Ye’s forces?

“retreat!” Suddenly, a voice came from the sky.

Heng Wangu and the others didn’t hesitate to turn around and flee.

Meanwhile, a ray of sword energy suddenly obstructed their path!

It was Yang Ye!

Yang Ye laughed fiercely, “Retreat? Where are you going? Die!”

Yang Ye transformed into a ray of sword energy that slashed down at Heng Wangu.

Heng Wangu’s eyes narrowed slightly as he slowly clenched his right fist. When the sword energy arrived just 1m away from him, he suddenly slammed a punch forward!

Bang!

The sword energy instantly shattered, but Heng Wangu was blasted away.

As soon as he stopped himself, a shadow slammed down at him from the right!

It was An Nanjing!

Heng Wangu was shocked and hurriedly flashed 300m back. After that, he pressed his palms together.

Bang!

A ray of golden light enveloped his body, and then a fist slammed against the golden light.

Bang!

The golden light shook violently, but Heng Wangu, who was within the golden light, was completely unharmed. Conversely, An Nanjing was blasted over 100m away!

However, Yang Ye suddenly appeared above Heng Wangu, and he grabbed his sword with both hands before stabbing it against the golden light.

Crack!

The sound of something cracking resounded!

Heng Wangu’s eyes were filled with a vicious glow. Suddenly, he dispersed the golden light, stomped his right foot down, and then slammed himself at Yang Ye!

Bang!

Yang Ye and Heng Wangu immediately separated upon colliding with each other. But suddenly, a shadow flashed, and then a foot kicked at Heng Wangu’s chest.

Bam!

Heng Wangu was instantly kicked flying. However, the shadow refused to let go and followed him closely. In an instant, a flurry of punches and kicks struck Heng Wangu.

Bam! Bam! Bam!

A string of explosions resounded.

At the same time, a ray of blood red sword energy soundlessly appeared behind Heng Wangu.

At this moment, Heng Wangu’s pupils constricted, and then a sword flashed by his nape.

Hiss!

Heng Wangu’s head flew up into the air!

However, at the instant he lost his head, his soul suddenly struggled free of his body and shot extremely far away!Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

He'd abandoned his body!

At the critical moment, Heng Wangu had done just as First God had. He hadn’t hesitated to abandon his body!

But Yang Ye had no intention of sparing Heng Wangu. At the instant his soul fled, a ray of sword energy shot after him!

At this moment, Yang Ye had raised his speed to his limits!

He was determined to kill Heng Wangu!

Heng Wangu had led the End World to attack him on too many occasions! It was absolutely aggrieving for him!

At this moment, Heng Wangu had raised his speed to his own limits. Run! It was all he could do!

If he was just facing Yang Ye or An Nanjing alone, he wouldn’t be afraid at all. However, if they joined forces, he had no chance against them.

Their joint forces could even go against the mysterious expert!

He had no choice but to run!

Was it embarrassing?

Heng Wangu didn’t think so. Everything else wasn’t important so long as his life was safe!

Suddenly, a petite figure appeared before Heng Wangu, and the latter’s mind went blank when he saw her.

Because it was Erya!

Erya slammed a punch forward!

Bang!

Heng Wangu’s soul instantly exploded apart, and she swallowed its fragments when Yang Ye got there!

Yang Ye was stunned speechless.

Erya gazed at Yang Ye and was still swallowing.

Yang Ye spoke softly, “Is it safe in the pagoda?”

Erya nodded.

Yang Ye heaved a sigh of relief, and then he scanned the Primordial Pagoda. At this moment, Snowy was on the Ascension Platform with a sword between her palms… Burial!

An Nanjing and Erya’s joint forces had instantly suppressed the sword, and so it was sent over to Snowy.

Once Snowy grabbed ahold of it, the previous arrogant and overbearing Burial actually started to tremble!

Sprite Destruction!

Snowy could destroy sprites. It was one of her special abilities. And Snowy’s favorite were these types of sword sprites that hadn’t been fully formed.

Snowy’s eyes narrowed as she gazed at Burial, and there was a brilliant smile on her face.

It was in her paws now!

Meanwhile, outside the Primordial Pagoda.

Once Erya killed Heng Wangu, Yang Ye dragged her and An Nanjing to charge at the remaining experts from the End World.

Weeds should always be pulled out by the roots!

Regardless of who the mysterious expert was or how strong he was, so long as they killed the experts of the End World now, it would be much easier to deal with the mysterious expert!

Right when Yang Ye and the others charged at the remaining experts from the End World, shocking explosions resounded from high above, and then countless flames appeared in the sky.

Powerful flames that incinerated everything before them!

Along with the descent of these flames, the experts on Yang Ye’s side retreated because they were truly too terrifying!

They could incinerate a peak Destiny Realm expert with ease!

Yang Ye didn’t dare act carelessly either. Both An Nanjing and him charged over to stop the flames.

Once they helped the others retreat safely, the remaining experts of the End World had retreated as well.

However, the End World only had around 10 Destiny Realm experts now!

Heng Wangu had perished in battle and Emperor Li had lost his body. So, it could be said that besides the mysterious expert, Zuo Mu was the only one among them who was strong.

Yang Ye looked up in the space above them. He could faintly see two afterimages crisscrossing there.

It was Yang Busi and the mysterious expert!

Their battle had completely destroyed the space in the area, so Yang Ye and the others were ceaselessly retreating.

Experts!

A battle between true peerless experts!

All the other Destiny Realm experts here were watching the battle. At this moment, they felt quite inferior.

They were all at the Destiny Realm, but the gap between them was too, too huge!

Suddenly, Yang Busi’s voice came from high above, “His body is in that spatial world ahead. Go force his main body out.”

His main body!

Everyone here was stunned.

The mysterious expert isn’t fighting with his main body?

Yang Ye didn’t give it any thought, and he just charged off with An Nanjing and Erya.

However, a huge dragon suddenly dived down from above.

Yang Ye didn’t even hesitate to say, “Erya! Eat it!”

Erya’s eyes lit up, and then she vanished on the spot.

Yang Ye and An Nanjing sped up. A short while later, they arrived at the spot Yang Busi mentioned, but something unexpected occurred.

A branch appeared abruptly before them, and then it took the form of a human.

It was the form of a woman. She was completely green with young green leaves on her head.

She grinned, “I’m Shu Wubian, a poor person whose main body was taken by Destiny. So, don’t attack me, alright?”

Suddenly, Yang Busi’s voice came from above, “Be careful of that bitch! She’s the sprite of the Boundless Divine Tree, a tree that once tried to devour the entire Three Dimensional Universe to fight Destiny. Unfortunately, that woman slashed off her roots with one swing of the sword, and so she fled like a madwoman. Now, she only has a hair left, hahaha!”

Shu Wubian’s face instantly turned ferocious, and it was as amiable as it had been a moment ago!

Meanwhile, Yang Ye’s expression turned extremely unsightly, “Dammit! Can’t all of you just stop?!”

He suddenly howled with fury, “Snowy! Get help for me! Get help! Get as many as you can!”