Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2756 – Get This Bastard!

Along with a furious howl, the entire cave shook violently.

Outside the cave.

Emperor Li laughed coldly and didn’t say a word.

Zuo Mu remained silent as always.

A long time passed before the cave gradually calmed down.

Suddenly, Zuo Mu stood up and walked off.

Emperor Li and the other Destiny Realm experts immediately followed him.

Suddenly, Shu Wubian appeared before them, and she grinned, “Where are all of you going?”

Emperor Li replied indifferently, “How is that your business?”

Shu Wubian gazed at him, “Do you want to die? If you do, I can fulfill your wish.”

Emperor Li spoke coldly, “Why don’t you try?”

Shu Wubian raised her right hand. In an instant, pitch black vines appeared all around Emperor Li. The veins tightened in his direction.

Suddenly, Zuo Mu twisted his figure and swung his saber.

Hiss! Hiss! Hiss! Hiss!

In an instant, all the vines were driven back.

Meanwhile, Shu Wubian gazed at Zuo Mu.

Zuo Mu asked, “Shall we fight?”

Shu Wubian’s eyes narrowed slightly. Meanwhile, a huge dragon soundlessly appeared behind her. At the same time, a flame condensed above Zuo Mu’s group. In an instant, the space in the surroundings started to turn ethereal.

The Omni Phantom!

Zuo Mu sheathed his saber and held its hilt tightly. Meanwhile, Sky Saber and the remaining experts of the End World rushed over to his side.

A battle would break out at any moment!

Shu Wubian laughed coldly as she gazed at them. Just like the Hellion Dragon, she had contempt in her eyes.

They weren’t from this era, so besides the experts of that era, they didn’t really think highly of the experts from the subsequent eras!

Suddenly, the mysterious expert appeared before them.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

A solemn expression instantly appeared on Zuo Mu and the others’ faces.

The mysterious expert’s strength was something even they were extremely fearful of.

The mysterious expert asked, “What? You’re going to give up just because you failed once?”

Zuo Mu shook his head, “We’re not giving up. But allow me to be honest, we can’t figure out what you’re planning, and we don’t want to die miserable deaths!”

The mysterious expert pondered deeply for a moment and said, “Yang Busi’s arrival was something I overlooked. Of course, I know you’re all angry because I didn’t reveal my full strength, right?”

They remained silent.

The mysterious expert continued, “You haven’t experienced the era of Destiny, so your knowledge of her is insufficient. If I expose all my strength now, I would be able to kill Yang Ye even with Yang Busi present there, and I could have taken the Good Sprite and Evil Beast. However, do you know what the outcome of that would be?”

He pointed at the sky as he spoke, “That woman will definitely come here in person. If I’m being honest, while all of you may be at the peak of the Destiny Realm, you can’t even stop half an attack of hers! Not to mention her, all of you are no match for the other forms of Destiny as well.”

Shu Wubian spoke indifferently, “They actually think Yang Ye is terrifying! How laughable!”

The mysterious expert added, “Yang Ye is an extraordinary genius, and his strength has matured. However, he’s still insignificant when compared to Destiny! If we bring Destiny just because we want to kill him, then all of us will die.”

Zuo Mu shook his head, “So, what you’re saying is we cannot do anything to Yang Ye?”

The mysterious expert shook his head, “An opportunity is required. One where Destiny is too busy to pay attention to this universe. At that time, we’ll kill Yang Ye with our full strength and take both the Good Sprite and Evil Beast!”

Zuo Mu fell silent.

The mysterious expert added, “The time for that will come soon.”

Zuo Mu spoke softly, “Have you considered that Yang Ye may become more terrifying than Destiny in the future?”

“How laughable!” Shu Wubian suddenly said, “We told you that you’re ignorant. Do you know how strong the form of Destiny with Justice is? Let me be frank, so long as she wills it, she can destroy the entire Three Dimensional Universe at any moment. Do you think Yang Ye has the ability to accomplish that? You’ve seen Yang Busi’s strength for yourselves. She is strong, right? But she was completely crushed by Destiny all those years ago! It wasn’t just Yang Busi, so many other outstanding people were completely crushed by her too! That fellow Yang Ye may be a genius, but he’d nothing during the era of Destiny!”

Zuo Mu shook his head slightly and didn’t say anything else.

It was true that he didn’t know much about Destiny’s strength, but he knew about Yang Ye’s speed of growth.

In the beginning, he could suppress Yang Ye with ease, yet now, he had no chance of winning against Yang Ye in single combat.

Yang Ye was inferior to Destiny, but he was still growing.

The mysterious expert was looking very far ahead, and he felt indifference toward the nail by his foot. Because he was looking too far off into the distance.

But Zuo Mu was also well aware that their strength wasn’t on the same level, so it was normal to have a difference of opinion.

Meanwhile, the mysterious expert gazed at Emperor Li, “Your body has been destroyed. While rebuilding one isn’t difficult at your level of strength, it would probably cause your strength to descend by a level.”

Emperor Li’s expression turned unsightly. It was true. Now that his body had been destroyed, rebuilding a new one would require his soul to merge completely with it, and his strength wouldn’t be at his peak until he managed to accomplish that!

The mysterious expert smiled, “I can help you rebuild your body, and even make your body and strength attain a higher level.”

Emperor Li looked up at the mysterious expert with a rather vigilant expression in his eyes.

The mysterious expert said, “Allow me to be frank. If I wanted to kill you, I wouldn’t have to go to so much trouble. Moreover, Yang Ye won’t spare all of you. If Yang Ye were to find out that you’ve left this place, then based on his strength combined with the Evil beast and that woman with the Martial God Physique, all of you will never stand a chance.”

Emperor Li spoke solemnly, “Heng Wangu is dead.”

At the moment Heng Wangu died, their thoughts had changed slightly. As far as the mysterious expert and Shu Wubian were concerned, their lives weren’t precious, and they would probably suffer the same fate as Heng Wangu.

That was the reason they chose to leave just now!

The mysterious expert said, “He’s dead, and many more will die. Not just all of you, even I may die. Since we’ve chosen to fight Destiny, if we can’t even disregard our fate, how would we even fight her? All of you can decide if you leave or stay!”

He turned around and walked into the cave.

Shu Wubian and the Omni Phantom vanished as well.

Only Zuo Mu and the others remained.

In the end, they chose to stay!

Because they had nowhere else to go!

Yang Ye was searching for them all over the outside world, and so long as they showed themselves, Yang Ye would kill them without a moment’s hesitation!

Just as the mysterious expert had said, all of them were incapable of fighting Yang Ye.

However, the mysterious expert may be the only expert that Yang Ye feared throughout the Three Dimensional Universe.

A black shadow soundlessly appeared far away from the cave. A moment later, it gazed at the cave and swept it with his divine sense. However, as soon as he did that, a pitch black hand appeared before him.

Bang!

The shadow exploded apart and was turned into ash.

Universe City.

Ding Shaoyao suddenly stopped dealing with the matters in the hall and stood up. She went over to Yang Ye’s abode, knocked the door lightly, and Yang Ye appeared before her.

Ding Shaoyao said, “One of my people is dead. He should have located them.”

Yang Ye nodded, “Understood. Notify the others.”

Ding Shaoyao said, “Be careful!”

Yang Ye smiled, “Of course!”

A moment later, over 30 powerful auras charged out of Universe City, and then they vanished into the distant sky.

Ding Shaoyao looked up at the sky from outside the hall, and there was a wisp of worry in her eyes.

Yang Ye had chosen to take action in the end!

He was very well aware that if they just waited here, they would be waiting for death. Because when the enemy attacked, it would definitely be when the enemy was fully prepared. So, he had to take action!

At the very least, he had to raise their morale!

A short while later, Yang Ye and the others arrived at that crumbling world. The spirit energy here had practically dried up, and many parts of it had cracked open while tsunamis and volcanic eruptions could be seen everywhere.

Yang Ye glanced at the surroundings and swept it with his divine sense. He wasn’t the only one, Jian Wudi and the others did the same.

A moment later, their divine senses had spread extremely far away.

They withdrew their divine senses a short while later, and then they gazed at Yang Ye. Their search had come up empty.

A short while later, Yang Ye withdrew his divine sense and frowned.

Jian Wudi asked, “What is it?”

Yang Ye fell silent for a short while and said, “Be careful.”

Once he finished speaking, Yang Ye vanished into the distance. Jian Wudi and the others hurried after him.

A short while later, Yang Ye led them to that cave, and lava sprayed intermittently from it. However, there were no signs of life there!

Yang Ye suddenly swung his sword!

Bang!

The cave exploded apart and lava sprayed into the surroundings.

However, he saw no one.

Yang Ye’s eyes narrowed. Suddenly, his expression changed drastically, and he said, “Watch out!”

As soon as he said that, a flame soundlessly appeared in the air above them!

A moment later, countless strands of flames erupted from it and shot toward the surroundings, turning the sky into an ocean of flames!

The entire world instantly started to turn ethereal from the high temperatures it emanated!

Everyone’s expressions changed drastically!

Yang Ye gazed at Jian Wudi and the others, “Don’t resist and enter the pagoda!”

He waved his right hand and sent all of them into the Primordial Pagoda!

After that, Yang Ye looked up at the ocean of flames. At this moment, his skin has actually started to wriggle!

It was starting to melt!

Yang Ye seemed to have thought of something at this point, and he calmed down. He patted his chest and said, “Snowy, come out here and get this bastard!”