Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2766 – Let’s Fight!

Shu Wubian’s face was absolutely unsightly from being insulted like that. However, she was quite shocked at the same time.

Yang Ye’s strength!

She realized that she was actually no match for Yang Ye.

At this moment, she started to truly take him seriously.

It was alright to be confident, but conceit would be no different than courting death!

She didn’t have the right to be confident before Yang Ye now!

Yang Ye ignored her and looked to the right, “Are you still not going to show yourself?”

As soon as he said that, an ethereal figure soundlessly appeared to the right.

It was the mysterious expert.

Besides that, Zuo Mu and the others appeared in the surroundings.

The mysterious expert said, “You seem unafraid!”

Yang Ye smiled, “You won’t act against me now.”

The mysterious expert asked, “Why?”

Yang Ye chuckled, “If I die, their gazes will converge on you. I think you can’t allow yourself to be exposed, at least now so openly, right?”

The mysterious expert replied, “So what?”

Yang Ye grinned, “That means you have worried, but I don’t have to worry about anything.”

The mysterious expert shook his head, “You’re no match for me in single combat, and allow me to be honest, if I wanted to destroy Universe City, I could do it right now with the forces at my disposal. This is a huge board of Go, and you, Yang Ye, are just a pawn. A pawn who’s just slightly important.”

Yang Ye nodded, “I understand. All of you are extremely formidable, but I’m an insignificant person!”

He grinned at this point, “But I’m very curious. What if I choose sides?”

Shu Wubian and the others frowned upon hearing this!

Choosing a side!

Yang Ye was an independent force right now, but what if he chose sides?

No one had considered that!

Because Yang Ye was usually a very unyielding person, so how could he possibly do that?

Yang Ye smiled, “You know about my relationship with Destiny. She wants to kill me because I refuse to submit to her. But what if I submit? Hehe, I’m afraid all of you will be finished.”

The mysterious expert replied with a question, “But would you?”

Yang Ye shook his head, “Under normal circumstances, I wouldn’t. Because I can’t stand the sight of her. But if I really have no other choice, what do you think I would do?”

The mysterious expert asked, “Are you here to threaten me?”

Yang Ye nodded, “I am.”

The others were stunned speechless.

Yang Ye said, “The Four Dimensional Universe won’t give up. But you think you can just watch us fight to the death and take advantage of the situation? You must be dreaming!”

The mysterious expert replied indifferently, “What can you do about that?”

Yang Ye glanced at them and said, “I’m here to negotiate!”

The mysterious expert shook his head, “We have nothing to discuss!”

Yang Ye cracked a smile, “Alright, I’ll go to Destiny now! Let’s all die together!”

As soon as he finished speaking, he withdrew Great Unknown and was about to leave.

Suddenly, the mysterious expert asked, “What do you want to discuss?”

“Let him go!” Suddenly, Shu Wubian spoke coldly, “Why should we let him threaten us?”

Yang Ye gazed at Shu Wubian, “Alright, then let’s fight!”

Shu Wubian laughed coldly, “You think we’re afraid of you?”

Yang Ye waved his right hand, and then An Nanjing and Erya appeared here. Besides that, a huge formation soundlessly appeared in the clouds above!

Chen Dao’zi’s formation! With the full force of Universe City behind it, it had practically covered the entire universe!

As for spirit energy, it had Snowy and the divine vein’s help, so spirit energy wasn’t a problem either.

Besides that, a few dozen Destiny Realm experts suddenly appeared in the surroundings!

All of them were Destiny Realm experts from Universe City!

In an instant, the experts of Universe City had gathered here!

It was all thanks to the teleportation formation Chen Dao’zi had set up.

The atmosphere here became quite tense. However, Shu Wubian and the others didn’t reveal a trace of fear.

Experts from the previous eras had experienced worse!

Yang Ye smiled, “If you want to fight, I’ll fight you now! We can fight to the death! Perhaps we won’t win, but if I’m being honest…”

He gazed at the mysterious expert and said, “I can guarantee that besides him, everyone else here will die. Of course, we may die too. But that’s fine. So long as you want to fight now, I’ll fight you to the death.”

The Three Dimensional Universe’s enemy had never been the Four Dimensional Universe alone, nor had it been just Destiny. These fellows before them were the enemies of the Three Dimensional Universe too, and it was especially so for the mysterious expert!

Yang Ye was very well aware that these bastards would definitely stab him in the back while he was fighting the Four Dimensional Universe! At that time, he would truly be stuck between a rock and a hard place!Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

So, he had to deal with the mysterious expert and the others! Otherwise, the final outcome of fighting the Four Dimensional Universe would be allowing these fellows to reap the rewards. As for Destiny, he couldn’t pay any attention to her right now! He had to deal with their weaker enemies first!

Shu Wubian looked ferocious upon hearing Yang Ye and was about to attack, but the mysterious expert stopped her.

The mysterious expert said, “Didn’t you want to discuss something? What is it?”

Yang Ye replied, “Help me fight the Four Dimensional Universe or Destiny. You can choose!”

Shu Wubian started laughing from extreme rage, “Yang Ye, are you dreaming?”

Yang Ye ignored Shu Wubian and looked the mysterious expert in the eyes, “If you refuse to help, I’ll attack you. No matter what your objective is, you must kill me before getting to it. But if you help me fight the Four Dimensional Universe, then we can fight together. In short, you can dream of trying to reap the rewards!”

The mysterious expert shook his head, “To be honest, I really want to eliminate you right now. I really can’t stand the sight of you, and my feelings of detest for you are only inferior to my detest for Destiny.”

As soon as he finished speaking, the mysterious expert raised his hands. In an instant, a huge pitch black circle of light appeared beneath them.

Yang Ye immediately swung his sword!

Meanwhile, the mysterious expert swung a punch.

Bam!

Yang Ye was pushed back.

The others were about to attack but Yang Ye shook his head.

Meanwhile, the mysterious expert and the others gradually turned ethereal within the black circle of light.

Suddenly, the mysterious expert said, “Yang Ye, it won’t be long before everyone reveals their hand. At that time, you’ll realize how insignificant you are. And I’ll take your head!”

They vanished completely once he finished speaking.

At the same time, Ding Shaoyao’s voice resounded in Yang Ye’s head, “They should have left the Three Dimensional Universe.”

Yang Ye nodded. So long as they’d teleported to somewhere in the Three Dimensional Universe, they wouldn’t be able to hide it from him. So, if they didn’t want to fight him to the death, they had a single choice, and it was to leave the Three Dimensional Universe!

Yang Ye glanced at the others, “Head back to the city!”

All of them left. Only Yang Ye, An Nanjing, and Erya remained here.

An Nanjing gazed at Yang Ye, “Our chances of winning are very low!”

Yang Ye nodded.

He was very well aware of that. Because up until this point in time, the mysterious expert, Destiny, and even the Four Dimensional Universe’s strength far surpassed Universe City. Just as the mysterious expert had said, if those three forces weren’t keeping each other busy and fearing each other, Universe City wouldn’t exist by now.”

Now, the Three Dimensional Universe may be the wick that lit the flames!

A wick that would ignite the war between the three sides!

No matter what the final outcome was, Universe City would definitely suffer the brunt of it. Because all three sides wanted the Three Dimensional Universe, and both Destiny and the mysterious expert wanted Snowy and Erya!

Yang Ye gazed at Erya. She represented evil, and Snowy represented good!

“Big Brother Yang!” Suddenly, Erya said, “Come with me to a place!”

Yang Ye pulled himself out of his thoughts and asked, “Where?”

Erya smiled, “Where my true body lies.”

“Your true body?” Yang Ye frowned, “Erya, are you saying that this isn’t your original body? Or?”

She shook his head, “This is my body, a body I recreated. However, my original body still exists. It’s being suppressed at a certain place by a woman. I must regain my body. Of course, I can slowly cultivate back to that level, but it’s too slow.”

She gazed at Yang Ye and continued, “I’m afraid I won’t get a chance to cultivate back to that level.”

Erya may be young, but she did understand many things!

She was very well aware of the situation that Yang Ye and Universe City were in!

She didn’t have the time to cultivate slowly!

Yang Ye thought for a moment and said, “Do you remember where it is?”

Erya pointed up.

Yang Ye nodded, “Alright, let’s go.”

Yang Ye gazed at An Nanjing, “You stay here!”

He could rest at ease knowing An Nanjing was taking care of Universe City.

An Nanjing nodded.

Yang Ye took Erya with him and shot up into the air.

An Nanjing turned around and left.

Yang Ye shot through space on his sword, and Erya was by his side.

Erya suddenly said, “Big Brother Yang!”

Yang Ye gazed at Erya, and she spoke softly, “I wasn’t that amiable in the past.”

Yang Ye frowned slightly, “What are you trying to say?”

She seemed a little weird.

Erya looked up into the sky. At this moment, there was no immaturity left on her face, and her eyes seemed to carry an air of experience, “I’ve fought that woman, and she’s very strong. You’re no match for her now, and you may never be.”

Yang Ye rubbed her head gently, “Erya, what are you trying to say?”

Erya withdrew her gaze and rubbed her horns. After that, Yang Ye watched with astonishment as she actually pulled them off.

Yang Ye was puzzled, “Erya…”

After she pulled them off, there were no injuries on her head. She passed them to Yang Ye, “These are my new horns, they are known as the Evil Horns. One is for you, and the other is for Snowy.”

Yang Ye was puzzled, “Why?”

She looked down slightly, “Big Brother Yang, if I ever try to harm you or Snowy, just show me those horns. Then I may not harm you.”

At this moment, Yang Ye understood what she planned to do.

Yang Ye spoke solemnly, “Erya, you don’t have to become the old you. I’m serious, I can deal with everything!”

Erya gazed at him, “I don’t want to become the old me because I may not recognize you and Snowy anymore. However, if I don’t do that, I can’t help you against that woman. She will kill you and Snowy!”