Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2767 – Erya No More!

Yang Ye faced Erya and looked her in the eyes with an extremely serious expression on his face, “Erya, I know that we aren’t in a very good situation. It’s very, very bad even. However, listen up. I’m here, and I’ll deal with it all. You don’t have to do anything. Even if you want to help, you can do it after I fail, alright?”

She gazed at him in silence.

Yang Ye added, “I know you want to help me, but you must realize that you’re the most important to me. So, don’t do anything stupid, alright?”

Yang Ye placed the horns back on her head.

After that, he grabbed her hand and walked toward the city.

He didn’t want to retrieve her body anymore!

Suddenly, Yang Ye discovered that he couldn’t pull Erya forward. He stopped and gazed at her. Her head was lowered, and she remained silent.

Yang Ye frowned, “Are you not going to listen to me?”

She shook her head, “Big Brother Yang, we should go get it…”

Yang Ye shook his head, “No!”

Erya looked up at Yang Ye, “I won’t return to my old self, I just have to eat my old body. Oh, I mean devour it. Devour it instead of merging with it!”

“Devour it?” Yang Ye frowned slightly, “What do you mean?”

She explained, “It’s just like how I devour those other fellows. However, I’ll be devouring myself. But in this way, I may not be able to rapidly return to my prime, and if I can’t rapidly return to my prime, I will only be able to help you fight the weaklings.”

Yang Ye smiled, “That’s enough.”

He rubbed her head and spoke softly, “Lead the way. However, you must promise me that you won’t do anything stupid. Otherwise, both Snowy and I won’t forgive you! Moreover, I’m sure you don’t want to see yourself fighting me to the death, right?”

Erya smiled, “Of course!”

Yang Ye nodded. Just like that, Erya led him forward, and they vanished into the distant sky.

Universe City.

Ding Shaoyao arrived at a secret chamber underground, and An Nanjing was by her side.

In the chamber, an ethereal figure appeared before them.

It was the Emperor Corpse.

Ding Shaoyao spoke softly, “Senior, have you found that sword cultivator?”

The Emperor Corpse shook his head, “He may have gone deep within the Four Dimensional Universe.”

Ding Shaoyao spoke solemnly, “Senior, we may need you to go further too!”

The Emperor Corpse replied solemnly, “Must we find him?”

She nodded, “Yes, we must.”

The Emperor Corpse nodded, “I’ll try again. But I dare not go too far!”

Ding Shaoyao replied, “If it’s too dangerous, please stop. Don’t take any risks!”

The Emperor Corpse nodded, “Understood.”

He vanished on the spot once he finished speaking.

Ding Shaoyao sat at the side, and then numerous scrolls appeared incessantly on the table before her.

Ding Shaoyao picked one up, glanced at it, and chuckled, “See. While the world isn’t in total chaos, there are countless instances of small-scale chaos. Moreover, the various worlds have their own customs, so there are many things that are truly troublesome, and they can’t be suppressed by force.”

An Nanjing glanced at her, “Is it serious?”

Ding Shaoyao smiled, “Managing a single kingdom is difficult, let alone an entire universe. It’s not serious, but many powers need to be balanced. They can’t be allowed to get too much stronger than the others. Moreover, many of these powers are related one way or another, so it affects them all… Of course, all of them have to hold back while that fellow is here, and they wouldn’t dare to act rashly. Besides that, they dare not go against the orders that come from here!”

She paused for a moment and continued, “I’m really very worried. I’m worried that the world will fall into greater chaos once that fellow isn’t here to suppress it all.”

“Even greater chaos?” An Nanjing frowned slightly, “It won’t come to that, right?”

Ding Shaoyao spoke softly, “Division of resources! Presently, the resources throughout the universe are divided by us, and I’m trying my best to divide it equally. But some are starting to criticize this decision of mine. They think that the resources should be given to them. Even if it is to be divided to the smaller worlds and the powers in them, only a very, very small portion should reach them… If I really do that, the gap in strength between the powers and worlds of the Three Dimensional Universe will be huge. The strong powers will grow increasingly strong while the weak will grow even weaker. If that goes on for long, it will become a form of oppression… Just like how the higher worlds used to oppress us!”

An Nanjing fell silent.

Profounder Continent, a small world like that had been lost forever in the end!

Ding Shaoyao stood up and looked into the distance, “This situation has practically never occurred in the past, but it has now. However, the universe needs someone who can deter the rest. Otherwise, the chaos that ensued will be unimaginable.”

An Nanjing shook her head, “We just have to do our best!”

Ding Shaoyao smiled, “Indeed. At this point, we can only do our best. Come on, help me deal with some things. There are some old fellows who refuse to listen to me!”

An Nanjing nodded, and they left the chamber.

At a point in space, Yang Ye and Erya shot forward swiftly. A long time passed before Erya stopped once more, and then she pointed toward a spot in the distance, “I can sense it.”

Yang Ye hesitated for a moment and asked, “Is it dangerous?”

She thought for a moment and was about to reply when Yang Ye suddenly asked, “You have to think about it?”

She cracked a smile, “It probably isn’t dangerous.”

Yang Ye spoke seriously, “Erya, don’t do what Snowy does.”

Snowy had a bad habit of always leading him into traps!

Erya smiled, “Don’t worry, it won’t be dangerous. Unless that woman plans to act against us now!”

That woman!

Yang Ye spoke solemnly, “Erya, you fought her in the past?”

Erya’s smile gradually faded upon hearing this. She nodded, “I remember a little. She’s very powerful, and she really bashed me up!”

Yang Ye was stunned speechless.

Erya glanced at him, “She’s really formidable. She even made my body collapse. At that time, even if I just stood there and allowed the top ten experts of this world to hit me, they wouldn’t be able to shatter my body. During that time, I was very arrogant… Sigh, but I was still bashed up. Alright, let’s not speak about it anymore!”

Yang Ye smiled. He took her hand and walked forward while his thoughts drifted elsewhere.

Destiny!

Erya was usually carefree, but Yang Ye was very well aware that she was actually an extremely proud person.

Now, she’d been defeated. Yet she spoke of it with such composure and calmness.

Obviously, she accepted her defeat at Destiny’s hands.

How strong is that woman?!

Yang Ye closed his eyes slowly.

“Big Brother Yang!” A voice suddenly pulled Yang Ye back from his thoughts.

Erya pointed ahead, “Look.”

Yang Ye looked over yet saw nothing.

She said, “I can sense it over there!”

Yang Ye pondered deeply for a moment, and then he drew Great Unknown and swung it.

Hiss!

A ray of black sword energy flashed, and then that expanse of space was sliced open. A moment later, it shook violently before a huge hole appeared in front of them!

Yang Ye asked, “It’s in there?”

She nodded.

Yang Ye took her hand and walked toward the spatial rift. A moment later, they entered it, and as soon as they did that, a strand of sword energy suddenly appeared before them!

Yang Ye’s eyes narrowed slightly because its aura was very familiar!

It was Justice’s aura!

Yang Ye withdrew the Sword Precursor and was about to act when the sword energy suddenly shot up into the air. A moment later, it vanished from their fields of vision!

Erya spoke softly, “She’s not stopping us on purpose!”

Erya was naturally referring to the strongest form of Destiny!

Yang Ye fell silent for a short while, and then he smiled, “That’s perfect. It saves us the trouble. Let’s go!”

Erya nodded and continued forward with Yang Ye.

They arrived at an ethereal space. It was surrounded by a dark grayness, a boundless expanse of it.

A long time passed before Yang Ye finally saw a colossus in the distance!

It was imprisoned there by four rays of sword energy, and because it was covered by sword energy, it was impossible to lay eyes upon the colossus’ true appearance.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

However, based on its blurry figure, it looked slightly like Erya. It had two horns and a long tail!

Erya gazed at the colossus in the distance, “That’s my main body.”

Yang Ye gazed at her, “Erya, do you remember what I said?”

She nodded.

Yang Ye rubbed her head gently, “No matter what it is, I’ll deal with it. If I fail, you can do it. Don’t mix up the order, alright?”

Erya nodded and walked off into the distance.

When Erya arrived around 30m away from it, the four rays of sword energy suddenly shot at her!

Yang Ye’s eyes narrowed slightly, and then he vanished on the spot.

A ray of sword energy flashed toward the four rays of sword energy.

Bang!

As soon as they collided with each other, countless strands of sword energy erupted into the surroundings, and Yang Ye was instantly enveloped by the sword energy!

Erya gazed at Yang Ye’s figure within the sword energy, and as she gazed at him, two streams of clear tears suddenly flowed down her eyes. However, she was smiling.

A moment later, she wiped off the tears, and then she removed the horns on her head. After that, she placed them before her and spoke softly, “Big Brother Yang, I actually know who that mysterious expert is… You’re no match for them. You’ve always been protecting Snowy and me, and now, let me protect both of you for once, so that both of you can live well!”

As soon as she finished speaking, she walked toward the colossus. Tears kept seeping out of her eyes, “Big Brother Yang, Snowy, Big Sister An… Don’t ever forget me…”

Once she did it, Erya would cease to exist in this world!