Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2800 – With Danger and Despair!

Yang Ye’s Sword Dao was moving closer to perfection.

Monarch Yan felt quite powerless against Yang Ye.

Extremely powerless.

Yang Ye’s sword was something that few in the world could withstand now.

The black lotus spun swiftly in Monarch Yan’s grasp, and then it bloomed.

Yang Ye frowned slightly. While he wasn’t afraid of it, he didn’t dare to act carelessly. After all, Monarch Yan was the lord of the Four Dimensional Universe, and there wasn’t a huge gap in strength between them.

Hiss!

Suddenly, pitch black lotuses started appearing around Yang Ye.

These lotuses were ethereal. They bloomed in succession around him, but they weren’t material.

Monarch Yan spoke softly, “The Death Lotus, the number one treasure of my Four Dimensional Universe. It has absorbed the Death Energy, Yin Energy, and Foul Energy of my universe for almost 100,000 years. Let’s see if your sword can stop it!”

As soon as he finished speaking, the lotuses fully bloomed, and they emanated Death Energy, Yin Energy, and Foul Energy.

Three unique energies surged at Yang Ye like a tidal wave. Yang Ye waved his sword gently, and a wave of sword energy rippled forward.

Hiss!

The sword energy swept out in an arc. It had no difficulty slicing through the wave of energy, but the energy didn’t vanish!

Conversely, his sword energy was obliterated upon shooting around 300m forward.

Yang Ye frowned from the sight of this. A moment later, countless strands of sword intent appeared around him. They formed a thick shield, but as soon as the energy got close, his sword energy actually started to gradually disperse.

It couldn’t stop the wave of energy!

Yang Ye looked up at Monarch Yan, and the black lotus in Monarch Yan’s grasp grew even more bright and dazzling.

A moment of silence ensued…

Bang!

A wave of energy suddenly swept out from him.

Primordial Violet Energy!

Primordial Violet Energy had always been a counter for Death Energy. But this time, Yang Ye was disappointed. As soon as it appeared, the Primordial Violet Energy vanished on contact with the wave of energy! It couldn’t resist the energy at all!

Yang Ye’s frown deepened!

“They are the purest form of evil energy in the Four Dimensional Universe!” Meanwhile, Yang Busi’s voice resounded in Yang Ye’s mind, “It’s a special mixture of profound energy that Monarch Yan prepared just for Destiny. Not to mention your Primordial Violet Energy, even Destiny’s profound energy cannot resist it.”

Snowy was in front of Yang Busi in the Primordial Pagoda, and she pointed at herself to say that she could try to deal with it.

Yang Ye was planning the exact same thing!

However, Yang Busi shook her head, “No. She isn’t at her prime. Even the Good Sprite at her prime may not be able to purify that energy. If she goes out there now, not only will she fail to purify that energy, she may be devoured by it instead.”

Snowy blinked and pointed at herself to display that she wasn’t willing to accept that.

Yang Busi glanced at Snowy. She felt the little fellow had no understanding of danger at all. Moreover, her senses were even upside down at times!

Yang Ye didn’t allow Snowy to leave the pagoda. Just as Yang Busi had said, the energy emanated by the black lotuses was quite terrifying. Even his sword energy and sword intent were being corroded, so Snowy was definitely incapable of stopping it!

Outside the Primordial Pagoda, Yang Ye restrained his thoughts and took a step forward. A wave of mysterious energy appeared in the surroundings.

The Sword Domain!

Once the Sword Domain appeared, the energy sweeping toward him immediately slowed down. A moment later, countless rays of sword energy appeared within the Sword Domain. They crisscrossed through the energy, slicing it up into bits. However, the energy didn’t vanish. Even if they’d been sliced into tiny pieces, they still remained there and immediately merged back into one.

Besides that, the space around the energy had actually started to disperse!

Even space couldn’t endure the energy.

Yang Ye’s face started to turn pale. His Sword Domain couldn’t suppress the energy.

Monarch Yan suddenly released the black lotus in his grasp, and then he formed a strange seal with both hands.

Hiss! Hiss! Hiss! Hiss!

In an instant, the black energy around Yang Ye started to converge rapidly, and then they gradually grew even more evil.

At this moment, Yang Ye’s sword intent and slaughter intent were completely useless.

Yang Ye waved his sword lightly, and a wave of sword energy rippled out. The energy before him was sliced apart, and he flashed over 1km away.

However, as soon as he stopped, the energy appeared around him and surged at him!

Yang Ye frowned slightly and stomped his foot down.

Bang!

A wave of powerful sword intent rippled out from him. They stopped the Death Energy in its tracks, but his sword intent started to disperse at a visible rate!

Yang Ye looked up at Monarch Yan, “You planned to kill that woman with this?”

As soon as he said that, he suddenly drew his sword and leaped up.

Hiss!

A ray of sword energy flashed!

The sword energy went straight for Monarch Yan!

While the energy was formidable, why should he fight the energy?

He could just kill Monarch Yan!

Monarch Yan frowned slightly and stretched out his right hand. A bolt of fiery lightning surged from his palm, but along with the arrival of Yang Ye’s attack, the fiery lightning was sliced into bits.

Once he destroyed the fiery lightning, a sword slashed down at Monarch Yan’s head!

Monarch Yan’s eyes narrowed slightly, and he pressed his right palm down.

Bang!

A wave of flames erupted from him, and within the flames were countless arcs of lightning. But the flames and lightning were still incapable of stopping Yang Ye’s attack!

Bang!

Along with the descend of his sword, Monarch Yan and the lightning were blasted over 10km away. Meanwhile, countless strands of pitch black energy appeared around Yang Ye, and they were more evil and faster than before.

Yang Ye remained indifferent as he tapped his right foot down.

Bang!

The black energy was repulsed. While they weren’t dispersed, and he couldn’t do anything to the energy, the black energy couldn’t do anything to him unless he went head-on against the energy.

Once he pushed the black energy back, Yang Ye charged at Monarch Yan again.

Monarch Yan gazed coldly at Yang Ye, and there was a wisp of striking scarlet red on the corner of his mouth.

The sword grew closer and closer. A ferocious expression suddenly appeared on Monarch Yan’s face, and then he opened his mouth, and a bolt of fiery lightning surged out from there.

Bang!

An explosion resounded. The sword energy dispersed, and Yang Ye was blasted back to where he’d been a moment ago.

Yang Ye looked down at his sword, and it was actually scorched black.

Yang Ye shook his right hand, and the Sword Precursor instantly returned to normal. He looked up at Monarch Yan, and he saw a bolt of fiery lightning shooting at him.

Yang Ye stabbed his sword forward.

Bang!

Yang Ye was blasted around 3km back. As soon as he stopped himself, the black energy in the surroundings swarmed him like an ocean of venomous snakes.

Yang Ye waved his sword, and the black energy was instantly pushed back. Meanwhile, Monarch Yan suddenly appeared before Yang Ye. At the same time, a bolt of fiery lightning slammed down at Yang Ye’s head!

Suddenly, the Sword Gourd by Yang Ye’s waist trembled, and then a black sword shot up into the air. It stabbed against the fiery lightning while Yang Ye strode forward swiftly and swung his sword!

Bang!

Monarch Yan was forced back, but the fiery lightning above Yang Ye had blasted the black sword away before crashing directly at him!

Yang Ye frowned slightly. The strength of this bolt was simply incomparable to the past!

Its main body!

Two words suddenly came to mind for Yang Ye. It was the fiery lightning’s main body right now. In other words, Monarch Yan had allowed it to leave him in order to fully unleash its strength.

Yang Ye grinned when he thought up to this point, and he patted his chest. A moment later, a white shadow flashed out.

Snowy!

At the moment Snowy appeared, the fiery lightning was just descending. Snowy cracked a smile and inhaled. In an instant, the fiery light turned ethereal!

Monarch Yan’s expression changed drastically from the sight of this, and he was about to summon the fiery lightning back to him. However, Snowy grabbed the fiery lightning that was about to escape, and then she dragged it into the Primordial Pagoda.

On the Ascension Platform, Snowy created a spirit energy barrier around the fiery lightning. Whenever it tried to escape, she would inhale, and then the fiery lightning would shrink back.

Snowy was clearly very excited by the fiery lightning’s arrival here and kept slapping it from time to time.

Yang Busi glanced at Snowy while she recuperated and shook her head.

Outside the Primordial Pagoda, Monarch Yan’s face could be described as being absolutely unsightly. He was one with the fiery lightning, but in order to unleash its full strength, he’d decided to let it leave him in the end. Because its might could be fully unleashed when they joined forces as two beings, but he’d overlooked something!

The Good Sprite!

Yang Ye had the Good Sprite of the Three Dimensional Universe, and she innately countered all sprites!

It was a tremendous loss for him!

Yang Ye glanced at the black lotus in Monarch Yan’s grasp. Currently, the black lotus was the biggest threat to him. Because even his sword couldn’t destroy the energy coming from the black lotus. Moreover, he couldn’t allow it to get close to him either!

Perhaps only Erya’s body could endure the energy!

Monarch Yan stared at Yang Ye while the black lotus spun rapidly on his palm. The space around him was like a withering flower that started to wither and turn ethereal.

Obliteration!Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

A wave of destructive energy suddenly appeared in the surroundings.

Danger!

It was Yang Ye’s first reaction, but his sword intent grew stronger and stronger instead!

The Fate Sword Dao!

With danger and despair, his Sword Dao grew increasingly stronger and terrifying!

Monarch Yan’s face turned absolutely unsightly from the sight of this!