Chapter 323 – Kill As Many As Possible!

A strand of light violet light flashed, and then over 10 heads flew into the air.

Everyone was astounded! Xue Yu was a fourth rank King Realm expert. However, he wasn’t even able to resist a single strike of Yang Ye’s sword. Exactly how formidable is his strength?

Leng Jun and Leng Yin exchanged glances, and both of them saw a wisp of shock and fear in each other’s eyes. Because the speed of Yang Ye’s sword was already swift to the point they were unable to see its movement clearly!

His strength has actually become so formidable in such a short period of time! Exactly what sort of monstrous genius is this?

Yang Ye shook his head as he gazed at those fellows who’d died with everlasting regret. His first impression upon arriving here was that these fellows didn’t trust him, and many even felt hostile towards him. He knew that he had to make a show of strength, otherwise, even if they become a sword in his hand, it was very likely that they would lash out against him at any moment!

How should he make a show of strength? It was naturally by killing! Of course, he needed a reason and an excuse to kill. Fortunately, someone gave him just that when he needed it!

Yang Ye glanced at all of them and said, “Firstly, I’m not the one asking all of you to let me remove the poison you suffer from, and it’s all of you who’re seeking my help. All of you have to remember that! Besides that, all of you should be aware of the conditions I ask for, to remove the poison within your bodies. I don’t wish for anyone to bargain with me because I don’t have the time for that, understand? Now, anyone who regrets coming here can leave right now!” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Leave? The corners of their mouths twitched. How could any one of them dare to leave with those headless corpses on the ground?

Yang Ye nodded when he saw no one leave, and then he said, “Then let’s begin!”

All of them hesitated briefly, and then one of them was the first to step forward. Yang Ye nodded, and then the Nether Ghostflame appeared with a flick of his finger....

“AH!” A miserable and shrill cry suddenly resounded, and it caused the expressions of everyone to change simultaneously!

Four hours later, Yang Ye instantly heaved a sigh of relief when the poison within the last assassin had been cleared away by the Nether Ghostflame. Controlling the Nether Ghostflame to remove the poison from their bodies wasn’t a simple job because he had to be careful and couldn’t make even the slightest mistake. After all, any mistake would end up in the person turning into ash....

Yang Ye put the Nether Ghostflame away, and then he gazed at them. At this moment, they revealed undisguised joy. The poison had been removed, and it meant that they wouldn’t be controlled by their enemies anymore. Even though they still had to suffer the control of another, it was only for 10 years, and it was only an instant to them!

Yang Ye flipped his palm, and then a few scrolls and a spatial ring appeared in his palm. He passed them to Leng Jun, and then he said, “These scrolls are some Earth Rank cultivation techniques and combat techniques, whereas, the spatial ring contains 50,000 energy stones. Your task right now isn’t to kill for me but to work hard and improve your strengths!”

Even though their movement techniques and assassination techniques were very formidable, the strengths of these assassins were too low in the end. Especially at the Ancient Battlefield where all the monstrous geniuses gathered! Presently, the Ancient Battlefield was filled with his enemies and coupled with the fact that the little fellow had left, he would definitely be in an extremely bad situation if he didn’t possess some formidable assistance!

So, he didn’t hesitate to give them the cultivation techniques and combat techniques that he’d plundered from others. Because the stronger these assassins were, the more helpful they would be to him!

Leng Jun was stunned as he gazed at the scrolls and spatial ring in his hand. Isn’t he a little too generous!? Earth Rank cultivation techniques, Earth Rank combat techniques, and 50,000 energy stones.... My god! Leng Jun couldn’t maintain his composure anymore!

The others in the surroundings were stunned as well because Yang Ye’s generosity had truly surprised them. They originally thought that Yang Ye might ask them to kill someone or make them into tools to accumulate wealth! Never had they imagined that Yang Ye would actually give them resources and ask them to cultivate....

Yang Ye hesitated for a moment before he flipped his palm once more, and then 10 Icesoul Fruits appeared in his hand.

All the others couldn’t maintain their calm when the Icesoul Fruits appeared here! It was especially so for Leng Jun and Leng Yin. Both of them stared fixedly at the Icesoul Fruits in Yang Ye’s hand while their entire bodies had started to tremble. If it wasn’t out of consideration for Yang Ye’s strength, then they would have probably been unable to refrain from trying to seize it from Yang Ye!

They naturally recognized the Icesoul Fruits. It was a fruit that could provide one with 10 years of cultivation! 10 years! If they were able to eat one of the Icesoul Fruits, then they could instantly attain the ninth rank of the King Realm!

Leng Jun revealed a flattering smile and said, “Err... err... err... Boss, feel free to provide me with your instructions if you need anything. I’m willing to risk my life to carry out my duty!”

“We’re willing to risk our lives to carry out our duty as well!” The others spoke simultaneously as well.

The corners of Yang Ye’s mouth twitched. In the end, the Icesoul Fruit works much better!

Yang Ye shook his head, and then he tossed them to Leng Jun and said, “You and Leng Jun eat one of these each. As for the rest, distribute 2 every 15 days. As for who it’s distributed to... right, give it to whoever that improves the fastest. Understand?”

Leng Jun nodded repeatedly as he held the Icesoul Fruits. At this moment, only the Icesoul Fruit remained in his eyes....

“Can you not act so embarrassingly? It’s just a fruit. Do you have to act like that? If you do well in leading them, then you can have as many of these fruits as you want!” said Yang Ye.

“Real... really?” Leng Jun raised his head to look at Yang Ye as he spoke with disbelief.

Yang Ye flipped his palm, and then 2 more fruits appeared in his palm. He waved them at Leng Jun and said, “What do you think?”

Leng Jun gulped down a mouthful of saliva, and then he said, “I’ll be following you from now onward!”

As soon as he finished speaking, Leng Jun turned around to gaze at the others and said, “What the fuck are all of you looking at!? Have you not seen an Icesoul Fruit in your lives!? All of you are embarrassing! From now onward, we’re splitting up. All of you work hard on your cultivations! I don’t care what methods all of you use, but those at the King Realm must attain the fifth rank at least in the shortest amount of time possible! Even if you die of exhaustion, all of you at the First Heaven Realm must advance to the King Realm! Otherwise, just fucking kill yourselves! Don’t waste out cultivation resources because all of us have a huge debt of blood to avenge!”

“Yes!” All of them nodded simultaneously! Leng Jun didn’t have such great prestige in their hearts before all of this, and it was even to the extent that some didn’t even take him seriously. But they weren’t idiots, and they’d noticed Yang Ye’s attitude towards Leng Jun! They knew that Yang Ye was controlling them through Leng Jun. But it was fine because it was only for 10 years. Moreover, they would be supported by a wealthy fellow like Yang Ye during those 10 years, so they would naturally not refuse!

Yang Ye glanced at them and said, “I, Yang Ye, keep my word. I’ll return your freedom in 10 years from now. However, allow me to be frank in advance. If anyone disobeys me during this period of 10 years, then I’ll make living worse than death for you!”

When he spoke up to here, Yang Ye paused for a moment and said, “I know that your movement techniques are extremely good. However, don’t offend those profounders in the Ancient Battlefield for now. Some of their strengths are beyond all of your imaginations! Now, all of you only have to do a single thing, and that’s to become stronger and stronger! Understand!?”

They replied in unison. “Yes!”

Yang Ye nodded, and then he gazed at Leng Jun and said, “How should I contact all of you when I need to?”

Leng Jun frowned and spoke in a low voice. “We used arrows in the past, but we’ve left the League of Doom now, so we naturally can’t use that anymore. So, I don’t know how we should keep in contact!”

Yang Ye pondered deeply for a moment, and then he said, “Then we’ll use Transmission Talismans. My Transmission Talismans are at the high-grade, so I can contact all of you within a distance of 500km!”

Leng Jun’s eyelids twitched when he heard this. He’s filthy rich! He even has Transmission Talismans. Moreover, they’re at the high-grade....

Leng Jun and the others left, and they left with half of Yang Ye’s wealth. It naturally hurt slightly for Yang Ye. Especially those energy stones. After all, he’d wasted a few ten thousand energy stones because of the problem he encountered with the tiny vortex before this. Now, he’d give Leng Jun and the others another 50,000. In other words, he only had less than 20,000 with him!

Fortunately, he had 10 top-grade energy stones in his possession, and he’d been unwilling to use them until now because they were truly too precious. Moreover, he might have other uses for them in the future!

“Alas! Looks like I have to work hard on plundering more!” Yang Ye sighed on the spot, and then he turned to gaze at a tree and said, “Since you’ve come, then show yourself!”

As soon as he finished speaking, Xiao Yuxi walked out slowly from behind the tree. She glanced at Yang Ye and said, “I wasn’t following you. I was just....”

Yang Ye smiled and interrupted her. “You don’t have to explain. I understand!”

The corners of Xiao Yuxi’s mouth curled up slightly. Her smile hadn’t spread fully when she hurriedly restrained it, and then she said with a calm expression, “Those fellows with extremely shocking movement techniques were assassins, right?”

Yang Ye didn’t conceal it from her. He nodded and said, “Indeed. Even you know that I have a huge number of enemies here, so I have to get some help, right!?”

“What exactly do you intend to do!?” asked Xiao Yuxi.

Yang Ye grinned and said, “I’m a very fair person. I treat people how they treat me. Actually, I treat the demon race, the devil race, the nether race, and the human race equally. So long as they don’t offend me, then I won’t offend them. Unfortunately, no matter which race it is, all of them want to kill me. Since it’s like that, then I can only give an eye for an eye! If they can’t kill me, then I’ll kill all of them!”

Xiao Yuxi’s expression changed as she spoke in a heavy voice. “You intend to go against the entire devil race, the nether race, the demon race, and the human race?”

Yang Ye shook his head and said, “Do you think they would let me live if I didn’t go against them? They won’t. Everyone is like that. The more you shrink back and act weakly, the further they will push. So, it’s not I who wants to go against them, and it’s they who want to go against me! Since it’s like that, then I, Yang Ye, will kill to my heart’s content!”

“Can you even kill them all?” asked Xiao Yuxi in a low voice.

Yang Ye revealed a vicious smile on his face, and a wisp of ruthlessness flashed in his eyes. He said, “I’ll kill as many as possible!”

Previous Chapter

Next Chapter