Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 327 – Die Again?

The violet mink held the extremely long Nether God’s Spear in her little claws, and it seemed rather laughable when their figures were compared.

She sized it up briefly before she passed it to Yang Ye, and then she revealed an extremely brilliant smile. Obviously, she felt that they had another treasure in their possession!

Yang Ye didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. Actually, he wasn’t interested in the Nether God’s Spear because he utilized the sword. Moreover, it was like a hot potato right now! Whoever who possessed it would suffer the frenzied attacks of Mo Ke’s group of three! His target was the Ninth Hell Cold Gale, and he’d never aroused any desire to possess the Nether God’s Spear. Moreover, he didn’t want to offend too many formidable enemies before he obtained the Ninth Hell Cold Gale!

However, since he’d obtained it now, then it was definitely impossible to make him hand it over for nothing!

The violet mink clearly hadn’t noticed what her actions represented. At this moment, she passed the Nether God’s Spear to Yang Ye as if she was presenting a treasure to him, and her round face was covered in a happy smile.

The corners of Xiao Yuxi’s eyes couldn’t help but twitch when she saw the violet mink seem so carefree. The Nether God’s Spear is a good treasure indeed, but can’t you just seize it like that? Now, all of them who were originally in intense battle have stopped fighting and are looking towards us now....

Xiao Yuxi glanced at the violet mink, and then she glanced at Yang Ye before her left hand moved slowly to the hilt of her saber.

Yang Ye took a deep breath, and then he smiled to the violet mink before he held the Nether God’s Spear in his hand. In an instant, a strand of strange energy shot over from within the spear and assaulted his body and sea of consciousness. Yang Ye grunted coldly as his Sword Intent surged out and instantly suppressed that strand of energy!

As he held the Nether God’s Spear in his hand, Yang Ye’s figure flashed and arrived in front of Mo Ke and the others. It wasn’t that he didn’t want to flee, but it was impossible for them to flee right now. Because Mu Jun, Mo Ke, and the others had encircled his group! If they were to try and flee now, then they would face the joint attack of the best monstrous geniuses on Profounder Continent!

Even though Yang Ye was confident in his ability, he wasn’t confident to the point fighting all of them by himself!

Meanwhile, a wave of faint fragrance assaulted his nose. Yang Ye swiftly turned his head towards its source and noticed Xiao Yuxi had appeared by his side. Yang Ye’s heart felt warm when he noticed this, and he said, “Thank you!”

Xiao Yuxi glanced at Yang Ye. She didn’t say anything and just tightened her grip on the hilt of her saber.

Mo Ke’s brows instantly knit together tightly when he saw Yang Ye, and a dense puzzled expression arose in his eyes. He said in a low voice, “Your Dantian is actually fine?”

Hun You’s brows knit together tightly as well. Obviously, Hun You was similarly unable to understand how Yang Ye’s Dantian could actually recover. After all, the Dantian was the foundation of profounders, and it was the weakest and most important part within them. If it were to be destroyed, then it was even more severe than rupturing all the meridians in one’s body. Because there is no treasure in the world that can heal the Dantian!

“Do I still need to verify a fact that’s right before your eyes?” Yang Ye chuckled, and then he swung the Nether God’s Spear about and said, “Mo Ke, you want this spear?”

“Do you want to die a second time?” Mo Ke’s eyes narrowed slightly as he spoke in a low voice.

“Why don’t you come over and give it a try?” Yang Ye’s brows raised as he spoke.

Mo Ke clenched his right fist tightly. Right when he was about to attack, Mu Jun suddenly gazed at Yang Ye and smiled as he said, “Not bad. No matter if you’re the future Sword Emperor or not, just this courage of daring to face to next Devil Lord of the devil territory is sufficient for you to stride proudly throughout the continent!”

“You’ve heard of me?” asked Yang Ye as he gazed at Mu Jun.

“Who hasn’t heard of the Quasi Sword Emperor?” said Mu Jun with a smile on his face.

Yang Ye suddenly asked. “You want this spear as well?”

Mu Jun was stunned, and then he roared with laughter and said, “Interesting! Alright, let’s be frank. Tell me your conditions!”

“What can you give me?” Yang Ye was instantly interested. The Nether God’s Spear was like a hot potato, and it was of no use to him as well. If he was able to obtain some treasures that were useful to him and toss this hot potato away, then it naturally couldn’t be any better!

Meanwhile, Li Qingshui suddenly said, “Yang Ye, if I were you, I would take the initiative to hand the Nether God’s Spear over! You have to think about whether you have the qualifications to bargain with us!”

“Am I bargaining with you?” Yang Ye gazed at Li Qingshui and said, “Please, get off your high horse, alright? As for whether I have the qualifications or not, I really don’t know. In any case, all I know is that if I’m willing, then this spear would fall into Mo Ke’s hands at any moment. What do you think?”

“You’re courting death!” Li Qingshui’s face turned cold before his figure flashed, and he shot towards Yang Ye like a bolt of lightning. However, right at this moment, a strand of cold light flashed before Li Qingshui instantly returned to where he stood earlier.

After that, his expression instantly became solemn. He gazed at Xiao Yuxi whom he’d overlooked until now and said, “Who’re you!?”

Mo Ke and the others had witnessed how formidable Xiao Yuxi was, but they still couldn’t help but be shocked when they saw her force Li Qingshui back with a single attack. Besides Sword Cultivators, the most terrifying and difficult to deal with in this world included Saber Cultivators! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Mu Jun glanced at her and asked in a low voice. “Xiao Yuxi?”

Xiao Yuxi glanced at him before she moved to stand behind Yang Ye.

Yang Ye nodded lightly to her, and then he gazed at Mu Jun and the others. “Now, can we start our discussion? I know that just the two of us are unable to resist any one of your groups. However, I guarantee that if any one of you dare to attack, then this spear will fall into the other group’s hands!”

Mu Jun’s face sank slightly as he said, “Yang Ye, you’re a human!”

“Is that so?” Yang Ye shook his head and smiled. “But it seems like most of those who want to kill me are humans! In my opinion, there is no difference between the human race and the other race. There are only friends and enemies, and I’ll kill anyone that offends me. As for whether it’s someone of the human race, devil race, nether race, or demon race, all of that isn’t important to me!”

When they heard Yang Ye, Mo Ke and the others instantly shot a glance at him, and then their eyes flashed with a wisp of a strange glow.

On the other hand, the expressions of Mu Jun and the others turned slightly unsightly. If Yang Ye... No, to be more precise, if Xiao Yuxi were to stand on their side, then their forces would definitely be superior to Mo Ke’s group. However, she just so happened to stand by the side of Yang Ye who didn’t care about race at all. Most importantly, Yang Ye intended to extort them and they had no choice but to let him do it....

“I have a body refinement technique!” Meanwhile, Mo Ke suddenly said, “It’s a low-grade Heaven Rank technique. I’m willing to provide this cultivation technique to you in exchange for the spear. What do you think?”

“low-grade Heaven Rank?” Yang Ye was instantly interested. Even though his physical body was extremely formidable, it was much inferior when compared to Mo Ke and the demon race. The main reason for this was because he didn’t possess a good cultivation technique, otherwise, his physical body would definitely be far more formidable than it was right now!

Mu Jun was instantly anxious when he noticed that Yang Ye was interested, and then he didn’t hesitate to flip his palm. A golden sword chest appeared in his hands before he said, “This sword chest is called ‘Infinite’, and it contained 108 high-grade Earth Rank swords. Moreover, every single one of the swords are inscribed with a talisman that increases its strength. You’re a Sword Cultivator, so your strength will definitely instantly rise a few levels if you obtain it!”

Yang Ye’s eyes instantly lit up when he saw the golden sword chest. Even though the 36 Profound Rank swords in his body had been transformed into Earth Rank swords by the tiny vortex, he knew that it was practically their limit. After all, the quality of those 36 swords had arrived at a certain level. Moreover, Earth Rank swords weren’t really helpful to him anymore, and only swords at the Heaven Rank could create a sword formation that was capable of posing a threat to these monstrous geniuses!

Yang Ye suppressed the excitement in his heart, and then he shook his head and said, “Both of you should be aware of this spear’s value. Is it only worth so little? So, I hope that both of you can be more sincere. Don’t try to trick me, otherwise, we can only part ways. Even though this spear isn’t really useful to me, it wouldn’t be bad as a gift!”

The corners of their mouths twitched when they heard Yang Ye. A gift? Would you even be willing?

“I’ll add another 100,000 energy stones!” Mu Jun spoke in a low voice. “That’s my limit. If you’re still unsatisfied, then give the spear to Mo Ke. However, I guarantee that even if you do obtain that body refinement technique, you wouldn’t have the chance to cultivate it. Even if you have Xiao Yuxi’s protection. I’m not threatening you, and I’m merely speaking about a fact!”

“That isn’t a threat?” Yang Ye chuckled and said, “Do you know? I hate being threatened. But I can make an exception this time!”

When he spoke up to here, he glanced at the violet mink and said, “I know that no matter who I give the spear to, I’ll be pursued by the other group. So, I’ve thought of a method. It’s one where both of you give those things to me before I place the spear back, and then you can fight for it yourselves. Alright?”

“Do you think we’re idiots?” Mu Jun’s face sank as he said, “Now I understand why so many people want to kill you! So you really deserve it!”

“But no one has been able to succeed until now, right?” said Yang Ye with a smile on his face.

“Are you really that confident?” Mu Jun’s eyes narrowed slightly and flickered with a ghastly and cold glow.

“I agree with this method of yours!” Meanwhile, Mo Ke suddenly said, “Put it where it was and guarantee that little fellow on your shoulder won’t do anything, alright?”

The violet mink blinked, and then it raised its claw with the intention of waving it at Mo Ke. Yang Ye hurriedly embraced the little fellow because it wasn’t the time to act willfully. After all, they should at least reap the benefits first before they acted willfully!

When he heard Mo Ke, Mu Jun glanced at the violet mink for the first time, and then he frowned. After a short while, his pupils suddenly constricted as he said, “A Spatial Mink!”

You only noticed now? Yang Ye smiled and said, “So what about you? Do you agree? If you don’t, then I’ll give the spar to Mo Ke right now, and you can taste the might of this spear in the future!”

Mu Jun gazed at the violet mink for a short while before he took a deep breath, and then the golden sword chest and a spatial ring flew toward Yang Ye with a swing of his hand. If the Spatial Mink wasn’t here, then he would naturally not make any compromise because he could seize it by force. However, trying to take it by force in the presence of the Spatial Mink was practically a fucking joke....

Mo Ke swung his hand as well, and a pitch black scroll flew towards Yang Ye.

Yang Ye chuckled when he got these treasures, and then the Nether God’s spear instantly flew back to the stone sarcophagus with a swing of his hand. However, right at this moment, a strand of green light flashed abruptly, and it was like a bolt of lightning that shot instantly and violently at Yang Ye.

“I never expected that you would actually be alive. How surprising! However, since it’s like that, then I’ll make you die again....” After the green light flashed here, Mo Qingyu’s voice instantly appeared here as well.