Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 338 – Ghostflame Sword Formation!

In an instant, the circling sword formation instantly descended as if it was extremely heavy, and it shot into the dense forest!

Bang!

It was like a bolt of divine lightning that descended the ground. Rumbling instantly resounded throughout the dense forest. After that, a fiery red wave of energy erupted from the circular sword formation.

In an instant, an area of over 1km in every direction with the sword formation at its center had been transformed into nothingness. Countless strands of flame suffused the sky, and it was like the end of the world had arrived!

What about Yang Ye?

His eyelids twitched at the instant the sword formation had descended, and he cried out in his heart. Shit!

Unfortunately, it was too late to flee, so he could only hurriedly form a barrier with his profound energy and utilize the Violetgold Armor to protect himself. After that, he flashed explosively towards the side. However, it was still a little too late. The wave of air swept out too swiftly, and it instantly enveloped him!

“Fuck!” Yang Ye couldn’t help but curse when he was enveloped by the fiery red wave of energy. He’d really acted idiotically this time. Now, he only hoped that the might of the sword formation would be weaker, much weaker, so that he could resist it. Otherwise, he, Yang Ye, might be the first person on Profounder Continent to have died from a technique he created himself!

After a short while, the dense forest where Yang Ye resided earlier had vanished. That wasn’t all, a deep hole that was over 300m wide had appeared on the ground as well. Why was it called a deep hole? Because the depth of it was over 30m, and the dirt in the hole seemed as if it had been cooked and was red in color. Moreover, it was ceaselessly melting, and the hole was spreading incessantly towards the side....

Suddenly, a completely naked figure had leaped out from within the hole! This figure was naturally Yang Ye. At this moment, he could be said to be in an extremely sorry state! His clothes were completely gone while his skin was red in color as if it had been braised. Most importantly, his hair had vanished as well. He’s gone bald! No, it should be said that he didn’t have a single strand of hair on his entire body....

Moreover, if one looked carefully, one would notice that the skin throughout Yang Ye’s entire body seemed to be completely new, and his body was faintly trembling!

“Cough!” A mouthful of blood sprayed out from Yang Ye’s mouth, and then he fell to the ground. He turned around to gaze at the enormous and deep hole, and a wisp of terror appeared in his eyes! I did all of that? I’m that great? Even a Heaven Rank technique would probably be about that powerful, right? As he thought about all of this, Yang Ye couldn’t help but feel excited!

But in next to no time, he felt a wave of fear. Because that attack from before had almost killed him as well! This wasn’t exaggerated at all. His violet profound energy barrier had been instantly destroyed, whereas, the Violetgold Armor fared a little better. It persisted for a few breaths of time before it was burnt into nothingness by the fiery red wave of energy. Yes, his Violetgold Armor was gone, and this pained Yang Ye to the point the corners of his mouth twitched!

After the Violetgold Armor was destroyed, he’d used his physical body to resist the wave of energy. At the moment his body came into contact with it, Yang Ye felt as if he’d returned to the time when he was tempering his body with the Nether Ghostflame, and the intense pain almost made him shout!

Even though his physical body had resisted the wave of energy, he was still heavily injured. Moreover, the profound energy within his body had been directly exhausted when the sword formation had erupted! The sword formation truly exhausted a terrifying amount of profound energy, and even the profound energy possessed by a fifth rank Spirit Realm expert might not be sufficient for it!

Most importantly, he’d merely been struck by the wave of energy created by the sword formation. If he’d gone head-on against the sword formation.... Just thinking about it caused Yang Ye to be unable to help but shudder!

Yang Ye shook his head, and then a smile appeared on the corners of his mouth. Even though he’d been reduced to such a sorry state by the sword formation, he was still happy at this moment. After all, it was something he’d created himself, and it was unique in the world!

“Right, what should I call this sword formation?” Yang Ye muttered in a low voice. Since he’d just created this sword formation, then it should be named. But what should it be named as? Yang Ye was slightly troubled by this question.

After a short while, Yang Ye’s eyes lit up, and he said, “Since this sword formation is created from the Nether Ghostflame and swords, then I’ll call it the Ghostflame Sword Formation! The Ghostflame Sword Formation! Haha! Not bad! Haha!” As soon as he finished speaking, Yang Ye flipped his wrist, and the Infinite Sword Chest appeared in his hand. After that, he issued a command in his heart, and the 200 swords that were buried beneath the ground had shot into the sky before they entered into the sword chest!

After he put the swords away, Yang Ye was just about to place the sword chest into his spatial ring. Suddenly, his brows knit together, and then a thought appeared in his mind. Since the Nether Ghostflame can be attached to the sword formation, then can’t the Ninth Hell Cold Gale which is similarly a Natural Treasure accomplish the same thing? Yang Ye was unable to stay calm when he thought up to here! Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Right, even though I’ve subdued it, I’ve still not utilized it until now. I don’t know anything about its abilities! Since the Nether Ghostflame can create such terrifying sword qi that transforms into an ocean of fire when attached to the sword formation, then what about the Ninth Hell Cold Gale? What would it transform the sword formation into?

Even though he really wanted to know the answer, Yang Ye could only shake his head and laugh bitterly. Because he didn’t even have a shred of profound energy within his body. So not to mention activating the sword formation, he wasn’t even able to produce a single strand of sword qi. Moreover, the process of trying to utilize the Ninth Hell Cold Gale would definitely consume a huge amount of profound energy just like the previous process of experimenting with the Nether Ghostflame!

Presently, he’d completely exhausted all the energy stones he possessed, so how could he practice!?

Yang Ye shook his head again, sat cross-legged on the ground, and then hurriedly withdrew a top-grade energy stone and started to absorb the energy within it. He had to maintain his strength at all times while he was in the Ancient Battlefield because it wasn’t like the competition during the Ascension Rankings in the southern territory. Anyone here might be a monstrous genius!

Caution is the root of safety, so it was never wrong to be a bit more cautious!

One hour later, the profound energy within Yang Ye’s body had recovered completely. However, right when his profound energy was completely filled, the door above the pool of violet profound energy had suddenly opened. This made Yang Ye’s heart instantly trembled.

Under Yang Ye’s anxious, perturbed, and uneasy gaze, a person slowly floated out from within the door. The person descended into the pool of profound energy and lied there with the violet mink. This person was none other than Xiao Yuxi!

Yang Ye issued a command in his heart, and he moved Xiao Yuxi out. As he held her in his arms while he gazed at her countenance that was still ghastly pale and eyes that were still shut tight, Yang Ye felt as if his heart was pulled on forcefully, and it really hurt!

Yang Ye’s palm moved up slowly onto Xiao Yuxi’s face. As he gazed at her white hair and ghastly pale face, Yang Ye shook his head and said in a low voice, “Why were you so silly? You could have left, you clearly could have left. They wouldn’t have stopped you if you intended to leave. Why did you stay behind? Why did you sacrifice your lifespan for me? Why?”

Besides his mother and younger sister, no one else had even made such a selfless sacrifice for him throughout his lifetime. He who’d been humiliated and bullied in the Sword Sect while he was young and had experienced the fickleness of human nature could be said to have formed a selfish character! Yes, Yang Ye could be said to be a narrowminded and selfish person!

This character caused him to have very few friends. No, he practically had none....

Truthfully speaking, he still had vigilance towards Xiao Yuxi throughout the time they were together. Yes, he would never easily trust a person because he was too well aware of how the human heart was! Even if someone was your best friend or even relative, that person might turn against you at any time while in the face of benefits and personal interest!

Relatives? Friends? How many could withstand such tests?

Yang Ye kissed Xiao Yuxi’s forehead lightly, and then he said in a low voice, “Don’t worry. Even if I have to go to the ends of the world or hell itself, I’ll definitely heal you!” As soon as he finished speaking, Yang Ye placed Xiao Yuxi back into the pool of profound energy within his Vortex Dantian, and then he gazed at the violet mink and Xiao Yuxi who laid there before he closed his eyes with pain!

Yang Ye swore that he didn’t want to ever experience the pain of losing people he cared about or loved again!

Since Xiao Yuxi hadn’t woken up, then it represented that even the tiny vortex was unable to accomplish that. Fortunately, the tiny vortex had protected her soul and prevented it from dispersing. So long as her soul was still there, then he could bring her back to life once he found a method to do so! However, what could bring someone back to life?

He didn’t know the answer to that, but he knew someone that definitely did, and it was Elder Mu! So, when he thought up to here, Yang Ye didn’t hesitate to issue a command in his heart, and then a sword floated in front of him. He leaped up onto the sword, and then issued another command, causing it to transform into a ray of light that shot towards the southern territory! The Hidden Dragon Pagoda? The competition for Karmic Luck? Yang Ye didn’t have the time to care about all of that. Presently, the most important thing to him was how to save Xiao Yuxi!

Under the effect of his full strength, his speed of movement was extremely swift. According to his estimations, it would take a day at most for him to arrive at the southern territory based on the current speed he was moving at.

However, he hadn’t even flown a kilometer when he encountered a rather familiar person in the Ninth Hell. No, it should be called a familiar dragon! This dragon was none other than Ying Long who was allied with Mo Ke and the others. However, for some unknown reason, Ying Long was by himself right now, and Mo Ke and Hun You weren’t by his side!

This pair of man and dragon were in confrontation in midair just like that!

Yang Ye hesitated for a moment, glanced at Ying Long, and then he controlled his sword to move around Ying Long and continue flying towards the southern territory. Presently, he didn’t have the mood to fight Ying Long or rob Ying Long! Saving Xiao Yuxi tolerated no delay!

Right when Yang Ye intended to go around Ying Long, Ying Long had suddenly spoken. “Human! Stop!”

Moreover, a strand of invisible Dragon Pressure surged over towards Yang Ye. This caused Yang Ye’s gaze to instantly turn icy cold, and then a strand of crimson red surged into his eyes!

Yang Ye turned around while releasing his Slaughter Sword Intent to destroy the Dragon pressure. Yang Ye glanced coldly at Ying Long before he flipped his palm, and the Hidden Sword appeared in his hand. After that, Yang Ye didn’t hesitate to shoot explosively towards Yin Long!

He originally had no intention to cause trouble and waste time. Unfortunately, Ying Long just had to stop him. Since it was like that, then he intended to kill Ying Long! In any case, there was nothing to discuss with Ying Long, and there was no need for Yang Ye to think about it before he knew that Ying Long had definitely not stopped him to chat. So, wasting his breath here was only a waste of time!

Moreover, he lacked time the most right now. Especially under the circumstances that the tiny vortex was unable to revive Xiao Yuxi. His time was like Xiao Yuxi’s life!

I heard that the blood of dragons can strengthen the body. I wonder if it’s true. Such a thought had flashed through Yang Ye’s mind.