Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 487 – Unexpected Turn of Events

Ding Shaoyao glanced at Qin Hao, and she shook her head slightly when she saw how he looked. After that, she gazed at Yang Ye and said, “Young Master Yang, could it be that you still haven’t finished venting your anger?”

She continued before Yang Ye could answer her. “I’m very sincere in my desire to work together with Young Master Yang and the powers that stand behind you, but you refuse to give me face at all. Could it be that you really think that your emotions for a certain period of time are truly more important than having another friend?”

Yang Ye chuckled and said, “Miss Ding, was it I or Qin Hao who started all of this?”

Ding Shaoyao was stunned.

Yang Ye continued. “Was it I who wanted to kill him first, or was it him?”

Ding Shaoyao was speechless.

Yang Ye spoke once more. “Was it he who disrespected my loved ones, or was it I who disrespected his?”

Ding Shaoyao was at a loss for what to say.

Yang Ye said, “See? It was he who offended me, it was he who wanted to kill me, and it was he who disrespected my loved ones. All I did was give him tit for tat. Could that be wrong? Or do you, Miss Ding, think that only he can kill me, yet I can’t kill him?”

Ding Shaoyao really didn’t know what to say in reply.

Yang Ye said, “Miss Ding. I saved your life and carried you out of there, yet I was misunderstood by your fiancé, and he even aroused killing intent towards me and disrespected my loved ones. Why didn’t you say anything about him but keep making it seem like it was I, Yang Ye, who was constantly looking for trouble with him. Is it really right to act in that way?”

Ding Shaoyao shook her head and said, “But he didn’t cause any material harm to you, yet you’ve slaughtered all the experts in his clan and even crippled him!” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Yang Ye laughed coldly and said, “Material harm? Truthfully speaking, if he only targeted me, then I would give you face and just teach him a lesson. But he really shouldn’t have disrespected all my loved ones. To be blunt, not to mention that we’re only just acquaintances, even if you were a woman of mine, I would still slaughter anyone close to you if they dared to disrespect my mother!”

“What high-sounding sentiments!” The old man who blocked Yang Ye’s attack just now spoke coldly. “Shaoyao, why waste your breath on him. Since he dared to attack the Qin Clan, then it’s equivalent to attacking my Ding Clan. Would any other clan dare to attach itself to us if we don’t kill him? Moreover, this matter is related to your reputation. If you don’t act after your fiancé was attacked, then it would be impossible to prevent all sorts of gossip from spreading!”

“Mother....” Right at this moment, the shocked exclaim of a young woman resounded. All of them looked over towards the source of the voice, and they saw that Qin Hao’s neck had been twisted, and it was none other than Luo Shaoying who did it.

Yang Ye’s eyes narrowed while the profound energy within his body surged.

After she twisted Qin Hao’s neck, Luo Shaoying held Qin Hao’s corpse in her hands as she walked over to Ding Shaoyao.

Thump!

She knelt before Ding Shaoyao. Ding Shaoyao hurriedly tried to life Luo Shaoying up yet was unable to do so.

“Shaoyao, aunt has never asked anything of you, but I’m asking for something from you now. Please avenge Hao’er!” As she spoke, she started kowtowing to Ding Shaoyao.

Ding Shaoyao hurriedly said, “Aunt, please stand up!”

“I’ll continue kneeling here unless you agree!” said Luo Shaoying. She knew that her own strength was utterly insufficient to avenge her son, and only the Ding Clan could accomplish it.

Ding Shaoyao sighed lightly and said, “Aunt, why force me like this!?”

“Shaoyao, your cousin brother is dead. He was your fiancé! I know you didn’t like him, but are you really that heartless?” Luo Shaoying spoke in a slightly miserable voice.

Ding Shaoyao shook her head and said, “There was a sect. That sect had 4 Monarch Realm experts, almost 40 Exalt Realm experts, and countless Spirit Realm experts. That sect wanted to kill him, but not only did it fail, he even attacked them. After that, more than 10 of its Exalt Realm experts perished while countless Spirit Realm experts from that sect lost their lives. Moreover, he even destroyed the tombs of all the seniors of that sect. However, he still left safely in the end. Aunt, do you think my Ding Clan can kill him?”

Luo Shaoying was stunned while the old man said with shock, “Shaoyao, who is he?”

“The Sword Emperor!” Ding Shaoyao said, “He’s also Mister Xiao’s son-in-law!”

The old man’s expression changed, and he glanced at Yang Ye before the killing intent in his eyes slowly faded. Not to mention anything else, just Yang Ye’s identity as Xiao Tianji’s son-in-law made it impossible for the Ding Clan to act against him.

“Young Master Yang, you’ve probably finished venting your rage by now, right?” Ding Shaoyao gazed at Yang Ye with indifference.

Yang Ye glanced at her and said, “The one who deserved death is dead, so I’m naturally satisfied. However, Miss Ding, allow me to tell you in advance. I don’t like being schemed against. If I find out that you’ve schemed against me in the future, then I’m really sorry because to be very honest, even I’m afraid of myself when I get angry!”

Ding Shaoyao said, “Are you threatening me, Young Master Yang?”

Yang Ye nodded. “Indeed, I am. Miss Ding, you’re too intelligent. Truthfully speaking, I’m still quite afraid because the slightest mistake might bring me a huge amount of trouble, and I wouldn’t even understand why I was in such trouble. So, I have no other choice but to threaten you. But it looks like my threats aren’t effective at all!”

Ding Shaoyao frowned a little. She was just about to continue when a wisp of resentment suddenly flashed through Luo Shaoying’s eyes, and then her figure flashed and grabbed Ding Shaoyao by the throat.

This unexpected event caused everyone here to be stunned. Even Yang Ye was stunned. Has she gone mad?

“Luo Shaoying, what are you doing? Quickly let Shaoyao go or I’ll destroy your Qin Clan!” The old man was furious.

“Destroy my Qin Clan?” Luo Shaoying laughed like a mad woman. “Is my Qin Clan not destroyed yet? Ding Shaoyao, you bitch! My son died because of you, yet you refuse to avenge him. Since it’s like that, then I’ll make you accompany him in hell. Hahahah!!!”

A wisp of sorrow flashed through Ding Shaoyao’s eyes. My status in her heart can’t compare to her own son in the end. She wasn’t being selfish when she refused to act against Yang Ye, she was just thinking of behalf of her Ding Clan. Because Yang Ye had too many people standing behind him to the point that even Luo Jun couldn’t kill him, so how could the Ding Clan possibly kill him?

Not only was the Ding Clan unable to kill Yang Ye, it might even suffer his revenge. So, even though she knew her aunt was sad, she had no choice but to make a decision that was beneficial to the Ding Clan. But she hadn’t expected that her aunt would hate her for it, and even act in this way.... At this moment, the emotions in Ding Shaoyao’s heart were extremely complicated.

The old man’s heart jerked when he heard Luo Shaoying, and then he said, “Luo Shaoying, aren’t you going to think about your daughter? You aren’t afraid of death, but is she?”

Luo Shaoying’s eyes regained a little bit of clarity when she heard this, and then she glanced at Qin Lian’s pale face before she couldn’t help but let go of Ding Shaoyao’s throat. At this moment, she felt regretful in her heart. She regretted acting rashly. When she heard Ding Shaoyao earlier, she knew that it was impossible for the Ding Clan to avenger her son.

At that time, she was overcome by impulse and rage, and she’d committed such actions. Now that her mind had cleared up a little, she finally realized how stupid her actions were. Not only would he actions harm her daughter, it would harm the entire Qin Clan, and it made the relationship she’d formed with Ding Shaoyao over numerous years to vanish without a trace.

How foolish of me! Luo Shaoying gradually released Ding Shaoyao, and then her figure flashed over to Qin Lian before flashing once more towards the distance. The old man at the side was just about to pursue them when Ding Shaoyao stopped him and said, “Uncle Quan, forget it. Let them go.”

“Shaoyao, it’ll open us up to endless potential troubles!” said the old man in a low voice.

Ding Shaoyao shook her head and said, “I’m unable to kill them no matter what. Uncle Quan, allow me to act willfully just this once!”

The old man sighed lightly and didn’t speak further upon hearing this.

Ding Shaoyao suddenly said, “Young Master Yang, are you going to the central territory now?”

Yang Ye was just about to leave when he heard Ding Shaoyao, and he hesitated for a moment before he said, “Of course. Don’t tell me that you’re heading there as well!”

Ding Shaoyao shook her head and said, “Why would I go there? To give my life away? I wanted to tell you to be careful. Because the Skydevil Sect and those other sects are looking all over for you. I presume they received Luo Jun’s orders. I know you’re not afraid of it, but you can dream of arriving safely at the central territory now that those sects have joint forces!”

Yang Ye’s face fell when he heard this. Indeed, even though he wasn’t afraid of them, it would truly be extremely troublesome if they constantly pursued him!

“Do you have a way to overcome that?” asked Yang Ye.

Ding Shaoyao shrugged and said, “I don’t. I can only wish Young Master Yang luck. Uncle Quan, let’s go!” as soon as she finished speaking, she turned around and left with the old man.

Yang Ye was speechless.

Yang Ye rubbed his nose, and then he laughed bitterly as he shook his head. She was clearly taking revenge on him, but he couldn’t blame her for it. After all, he’d kicked her earlier and crippled her fiancé now. It was already pretty good that she didn’t try to take physical revenge against him, so how could she possibly help him?

Yang Ye remained silent on the spot for a while, and then he waved his right hand and released Lu Jianyao from within the ancient sheath.

She glanced at the surroundings before she asked. “Is this the Ocean of Anarchy?”

Yang Ye said, “Miss Lu, I’m going to be heading to the central territory later. Don’t follow me there. Look for an opportunity and return to the southern territory yourself.” He felt that bringing her along was entirely like bringing a burden along. He wasn’t going to tour the central territory, so he didn’t want to bring such a burden along. Moreover, he had numerous secrets, so he really didn’t want to keep someone he didn’t trust by his side.

“You think I’m a burden to you?” Lu Jianyao spoke with slight anger.

Yang Ye rolled his eyes and said, “Miss Lu, don’t you think so too? Allow me to be frank. You’ve probably seen the strengths of my enemies. With the strength you possessed right now, you would probably die 10 times before we even reach the central territory. So, please return to Ancient Domain City for your own safety’s sake!”

“I refuse to leave!” Lu Jianyao glanced at Yang Ye and spoke in an indisputable tone.

“Are you asking for a beating?” Since speaking nicely to her didn’t work, Yang Ye intended to use force instead!