Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 501 – In The City!

Yang Ye figured it out in an instant. It was a plot, an assassination! All of this was just an assassination planned for him. Yang Ye laughed with self-ridicule when he thought of this. I really was blind this time! However, he had to admit that their act was very convincing. Especially the pair of mother and daughter, it was convincing to the point he’d been deceived by them!

Unfortunately, their strengths were too weak!

The woman’s dagger had stabbed against Yang Ye’s throat, the young girl’s dagger had stabbed against Yang Ye’s nether regions, ‘Monkey’s’ spear had stabbed against the center of Yang Ye’s forehead, and ‘Barbarian’s’ fist had smashed against Yang Ye’s head. All of them simultaneously revealed happy smiles. It was like they’d seen the 5,000 top-grade energy stones, Heaven Rank techniques, Heaven Rank treasures....

In next to no time, all of them were stunned, and the smiles on their faces had frozen before it was replaced by boundless shock and terror. Because they felt like they’d struck extremely hard Heaven Rank iron. Not only had they been unable to pierce through Yang Ye’s skin, their own hands had become numbs. Especially the young woman, her dagger had even rebounded to the ground!

Yang Ye held the spear that was at the center of his brows before suddenly exerting strength of it. The spear shot backward, and ‘Monkey’ didn’t even have the chance to react before his own spear pierced through his body. Next, Yang Ye suddenly swept his left hand backward, and his arm struck ‘Barbarian’s’ head. The latter was blasted flying.

The woman intended to retreat, but it was too late. Yang Ye had swiftly risen his left leg before stomping down upon her stomach, causing her to instantly fly over 300m away. Her fate was unknown.

Yang Ye lowered his head to gaze at the young girl who was still holding his leg. She glanced at Yang Ye as well, and then she suddenly picked up her dagger and stabbed it at Yang Ye again.

A ray of light flashed, and then fresh blood sprayed all over the ground.

Yang Ye’s figure flashed over to the woman, and he gazed at her while she looked resentfully at him. He said, “I originally thought that all of you would take your own lives upon failing to assassinate me. I never expected to find you alive. That’s good as well because I have a few questions for you. Of course, you can choose not to answer. However, I suggest that you don’t do that because I really don’t like torturing women. However, I’ll have no choice but to wrong myself if you refuse to cooperate!”

“Would you let me go if I answer you?” said the woman.

Yang Ye shook his head and said, “I’ll let you die a comfortable death. Of course, if you take your life right now, then you can forget everything I just said. But I think that you won’t take your own life, right?”

The woman didn’t say a word.

Yang Ye said, “I only have a single question. Did all of you come to kill me on your own accord or did someone put you up to it?”

The woman remained silent.

A ray of cold light flashed!

“AH!!” A shrill cry suddenly resounded from her because the tendon in her arm had been severed.

Yang Ye held his sword in hand and pointed it at the woman’s nose as he said, “Will you not answer me?”

The woman gazed resentfully at him yet didn’t speak.

Hiss!

“AH!!” Her face warped while her limbs twitched madly on the ground because Yang Ye had sliced off her nose. But that wasn’t the end, Yang Ye waved his hand once more, and then the tendon in her other arm was severed. Next, her ears and the tendons in her legs were severed one after the other.

Yang Ye placed his sword before her eyes and said, “I’ll give you one last chance, and you don’t have to answer me anymore if you refuse again. Have you heard of death by dismemberment? It’s fine even if you haven’t because if you don’t grab this last opportunity, then you’ll be able to experience it for yourself right now. I’m not kidding!”

The woman stared at him with terror. Right when Yang Ye revealed impatience in his eyes, the woman suddenly said, “The City Governor, the City Governor of Huntsman City hired us to kill you. Please give me a swift death, give me a swift death....”

“The City Governor of Huntsman City?” A cold glow flashed through Yang Ye’s eyes, and then he looked down at the woman who was in pain and said, “How silly, wouldn’t you have been able to avoid suffering by telling me earlier? You just had to be stubborn!” As soon as he finished speaking, Yang Ye waved his hand, and there was no further movement from the woman.

Suddenly, the cry of a baby resounded.

Yang Ye turned around and saw the infant which the woman dropped on the ground earlier was bawling. Yang Ye walked over, glanced at the baby with bright round eyes and said, “I, Yang Ye, would really be impressed if you’re an assassin as well!” He took the infant in his arms after he said that, and then he walked towards the city. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Yang Ye had just entered the city when its gates were shut. After that, countless figures flashed out from every corner. It wasn’t long before almost 1,000 profounders appeared here. At the same time, a group of armored soldiers who held bows in their hands had appeared on the city walls.

A middle aged man who wore luxurious clothes appeared in front of Yang Ye. He sized Yang Ye up before he said, “As expected of the Sword Emperor, even the 7th ranked group of assassins on the Assassin Rankings, the Seamless Hit, weren’t able to kill you! Truly extraordinary! Right, I’m the City Governor of Huntsman City, Lu Feng. I’ve been waiting for you for a long time!”

Yang Ye said, “I’m a little curious about something. Why are you so sure that I’m Yang Ye?”

Lu Feng grinned and said, “Because a bounty for you has been issued to all the cities throughout the territories of the Exalted Han Empire, and the bounty includes a portrait of you. Moreover, my Exalted Han Empire has been clearly aware of your whereabouts since the beginning. So, that was why you encountered that assassination just now!”

“You’ve been clearly aware of my whereabouts?” Yang Ye frowned and said, “What do you mean?”

Lu Feng shook his head and said, “I can’t tell you the answer to that. You just have to know that your whereabouts have been known to the Exalted Han Empire since you appeared in Needless City. The reason I told you all of this is because I wanted to tell you that you’ll definitely die if you continue on this path. Because even if you escape my grasps, you’ll still encounter an endless pursuit.”

When he spoke up to this point, Lu Feng paused for a moment before he said, “The Mortal Emperor is the representative of the heavens and the earth. He is blessed by the heavens and the earth. Sword Emperor, it’s truly unwise for you to go against the Mortal Emperor. Sword Emperor, our human race seems to be strong right now, but it is actually in danger of being annihilated. The demon territory and devil territory have been hostile against our human race for a very long time, so our races will definitely fight each other in the future. Besides that the Oceanic Clans of the Ocean of Anarchy and the Eastern Ocean have been eying our human race for a long time. If our human race were to enter into war with the demon or devil race, then the Oceanic Clans will definitely participate as well. The slightest mistake would put our human race in danger. Sword Emperor, you’re an outstanding genius of the current age. If you were to join forces with the Mortal Emperor, then you’ll definitely be able to subdue all territories, accomplish matchless merits, and be remembered through the ages!”

Yang Ye was stunned, and then he felt slightly amused. Needless to say, the middle aged man was much more eloquent than the City Governor of Needless City. Yang Ye said, “Truthfully speaking, you’re really too eloquent. It sounded like I would be a sinner of the human race if I didn’t side with Luo Jun. However, I’d like to say something. It has always been your Exalted Han Empire that has been trying to kill me since I arrived at the central territory, right? Moreover, don’t tell me that assassination from before was a joke.”

The smile on Luo Feng’s face vanished as he said, “Sword Emperor, will you really not give it any further consideration? Oh, right, bring the Sword Emperor’s friend over here. Perhaps she’ll be able to make the Sword Emperor change his mind!”

A woman was pushed down on the ground by Luo Feng’s side. Her hair was disheveled while her entire body was covered in bloody marks from the whip. She was none other than Lu Wan’er from Needless City!

Yang Ye’s face turned gloomy when he saw her, and the mark of the Pearl of Baleful Blood appeared at the center of his forehead.

Lu Wan’er saw Yang Ye, and she spoke with pain. “Leave... Leave quickly....”

“Haha....” Lu Feng smiled and said, “Young Master Yang, this woman is really devoted to you. I originally intended to make her assassinate you, but she actually chose death over obeying me. So, I had no choice but to use her to clear your mind. Don’t worry, I didn’t humiliate her. After all, I want to become friends with Young Master Yang. But if Young Master Yang is unwilling to become friends with me, then I can’t guarantee her safety!”

“What realm of cultivation are you at?” Yang Ye suddenly gazed at Lu Feng and spoke these words.

Lu Feng was stunned, and then he said, “I’m not very capable and am only at the ninth rank of the Spirit Realm. Of course, it wasn’t my strength that allowed me to become the City Governor of Huntsman City, it was....”

Suddenly, Lu Feng’s voice stopped abruptly because Yang Ye was already in front of him, and the ancient sheath in Yang Ye’s hand had pierced through his stomach. Yang Ye gazed at Lu Feng’s face which was covered in disbelief as he said, “You’re very smart, but you make a mistake in your plans, and that was my strength!” As soon as he finished speaking, Yang Ye twisted his right hand, and then Lu Feng’s body exploded into pieces.

“Kill!” Meanwhile, the others in the surroundings recovered from their shock. One of them had given the command, and then countless arrows shot down towards Yang Ye and Lu Wan’er from midair.

Yang Ye’s figure flashed, and then the heads of the two guards who were guarding Lu Wan’er flew into the air with a single swing of his sword. He passed the infant in his arms to Lu Wan’er before he wrapped his left arm around her and flashed into the air. After that, four rays of light flashed out from the sword chest on his back and shot into the air. They flashed towards the group of archers under Yang Ye’s command, and then countless shrill cries resounded.

“Kill! Kill him! Anyone who kills Yang Ye will obtain 5,000 energy stones, Heaven Rank techniques, and Heaven Rank treasures! Kill him!!!” Someone roared from within the ground, and then the eyes of countless people turned red with greed as they disregarded everything and charged at Yang Ye.

Yang Ye wouldn’t show mercy, of course. He swung the ancient sheath swiftly, and the countless fine threads of sword qi covered the heavens and the earth as they descended down. The group of profounders charging at the front were the first to bear the brunt of it, and they didn’t even have the chance to evade before they fell lifelessly to the ground. However, this didn’t make the profounders behind them stop at all. Conversely, all of them charged even more madly at him!

An hour later, an expanse of corpses covered the area right before the city gates, and the blood there seemed like it had formed into a river.

Yang Ye descended to the ground with Lu Wan’er in his arms, and then the blood and resentment within those corpses instantly shot swiftly into the center of Yang Ye’s forehead. Yang Ye almost threw up from the dense smell of blood, but he couldn’t stop it at all. All he could do was allow the pearl at the center of his forehead to madly absorb the blood and resentment here!

“Tsk, tsk. As expected of the Sword Emperor. You slaughtered all these elite troops of Huntsman City like they were just dogs. Oh, I forgot to introduce myself. I’m an Elite Disciple of the Ascension Sect, Qin Chuan. My fellow junior brothers and I have come here to borrow your head, Sword Emperor. I wonder if you mind?” 10 disciples that wore the blue colored robes of a sect appeared here.