Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 731 – Enemies Must Be Annihilated!

Crack!

The clear and melodious sound of bones cracking resounded, and then a shrill cry resounded from Leng Wushang while his figure was blasted flying. As for his right arm, it flew off along with a fountain of blood.

Bang!

The ground beneath Leng Wushang was instantly smashed open as he crashed down upon it. Even though he wasn’t dead, he was crippled. Because Yang Ye’s strength hadn’t just blasted his right arm off, it had even broken all the bones within Leng Wushang’s body. In short, Leng Wushang was completely crippled if he didn’t have precious treasures of the heavens and the earth to repair his injuries!

The others in the surroundings were dumbstruck.

After all, a ninth rank Monarch Realm expert had been crushed in an instant by a single attack!

Such a scene was extremely shocking to everyone in the surroundings.

Gong Jian, Mu Ling, and the others’ eyes were filled with shock as well. It was especially so for Gong Jian and Mu Ling because they were very clearly aware what instantly annihilating a ninth rank Monarch Realm expert represented. It represented that it was very likely that he could ascend onto the Hallowed Rankings. At the same time, it represented that this fellow before them, Yang Man, was even stronger than the two of them!

Mu Ling was overjoyed once she overcame her shock because she’d made the right bet. From today onward, Lunar Rite Hall would have an extraordinary genius who was a body refiner!

Yang Ye glanced at those profounders from Snow’s Lament, and it caused them to move back repeatedly with horror. Yang Ye didn’t attack, and he just spoke indifferently, “Go back and tell that fellow, the Master of Snow’s Lament, that this is the last time. It’s the last time I’ll show mercy. If Snow’s Lament dared to look for trouble with me again, then it wouldn’t end with just the death of a few people.”

Yang Ye turned around and walked over to Mu Ling’s group while he spoke.

Meanwhile, Leng Wushang who was lying in the hole on the ground spoke fiercely, “No matter who you are, you’ll definitely pay for what you’ve done!”

Yang Ye stopped moving, he turned around, and then walked step by step towards Leng Wushang. Moreover, he spoke as he walked, “Actually, it didn’t matter to me whether I killed you or not. Because you’re insignificant to me! However, I don’t like being threatened. So, you can die now!”

The ferocity in Leng Wushang’s eyes instantly transformed into terror when he heard this. Actually, there was terror in his heart just now, and the most important thing for him right now was to leave as soon as possible. The only reason he’s spoken those words was because he didn’t want to show weakness. However, he hadn’t expected that this fellow before him would actually intend to kill him!

“Stop him!” Leng Wushang roared loudly.

Many members of Snow’s Lament hesitated. Because the man before them was too strong. He was strong to the point they were completely devoid of confidence. However, there were still some who charged forward....

Over a dozen Monarch Realm experts who had a comparatively good relationship with Leng Wushang charged at Yang Ye. They didn’t dare hold back at all, and they immediately executed their strongest attacks.

Because those had taken the lead, many others who were still hesitating finally stopped hesitating and charged forward as well.

In an instant, Yang Ye was surrounded by a sea of people.

Bang! Bang!

Explosions resounded incessantly, and then figure after figure were blasted flying....

Yang Ye had fully given up on defending himself, and he just allowed their attacks to smash against his body. Of course, it wasn’t that he refused to dodge, but there were too many of them, so he couldn’t dodge at all. Yang Ye was truly furious when they swarmed him, so he stopped holding back and exerted his full strength with every punch he executed. So, any enemy who suffered a punch from him was either killed on the spot or lying paralyzed on the ground with heavy injuries!

It was a slaughter!

Yang Ye was carrying out a true slaughter!

“Body refiners are actually that formidable....” Countless profounders were beyond shocked as they watched Yang Ye slaughter them.

Of course, they were even more shocked by the fact that Yang Ye dared to slaughter them like that!

Even Gong Jian and Mu Ling were shocked by Yang Ye’s actions. After all, they were in the Ancient City of Hallows. Even though fighting has never been prohibited in the city, there were very few that dared to openly slaughter others like this. Because all of them had concerns of their own in the end.

However, this body refiner called Yang Man didn’t just have no concerns at all, he seemed to be growing more and more absorbed into it!

“He can’t be allowed to continue slaughtering them like this!” Mu Ling spoke in a low voice.

Fu Jinxian shook her head and said, “That’s impossible. Unless those fellows from Snow’s Lament stopped themselves, otherwise, he will absolutely not stop.” If Yang Ye was one to stop, then the Fire Spirit Race wouldn’t have suffered that many losses.

“Stop!” Suddenly, a furious howl resounded, and it shook the heads of everyone here to the point their heads droned. Their expressions changed because it was definitely a Half-Saint!

Sure enough, an old man appeared here.

As soon as the old man arrived, Yang Ye and the members of Snow’s Lament were instantly pushed apart by a powerful wave of energy.

“It’s Elder He!” Someone exclaimed.

Mu Ling’s face instantly fell when she saw the old man because the old man had a very good relationship with the master of Snow’s Lament. Of course, every single group within the Hallowed Halls had backing of their own, and Lunar Rite Hall did as well. However, the problem was that this elder stood on Snow’s Lament’s side.

The old man glanced at the surroundings, and he noticed there were around 200 corpses on the ground. Moreover, there were over 20 that belonged to Monarch Realm experts. He withdrew his gaze, and then it descended onto Yang Ye before he said, “You killed all of them?”

Yang Ye nodded.

The old man spoke in a deep voice, “Your strength far surpasses theirs, so you just had to beat them back. Why slaughter them like this? Are such actions any different than the actions of those defiant profounders?”

Yang Ye replied,” Elder, you have to understand that it wasn’t I who insisted on slaughtering them, it was they who chose to try and kill me. If I didn’t have some strength, then it might be me and my friend who were lying on the ground right now. Moreover, those who intend to kill should be ready to be killed. Since they wanted to kill me, they should be prepared for their own deaths!”

“How presumptuous!” The old man roared furiously, “Are such actions any different from that of those defiant profounders? Countless elites of my human race will die if you’re allowed to live! I’ll eliminate a calamity like you for the sake of the human race!”

As he spoke, the old man suddenly slapped his right palm towards Yang Ye, and the formidable force it carried caused the space around Yang Ye to be compressed to the point of warping.

Mu Ling and the others were horrified. They hadn’t expected that Elder He would attack just like that! She’d sent for help from Lunar Rite Hall at the instant that Elder He had arrived here, but Elder He had attacked directly. So, all she could do was just watch helplessly. After all, the attack of a Half-Saint wasn’t something that she could resist!

The members of Snow’s Lament were overjoyed. It was especially so for Leng Wushang. At this

moment, he was laughing, and it was a very mad and savage laughter.

A ferocious expression had instantly crept up onto Yang Ye’s face when the old man attacked. He didn’t hesitate to smash his fist against the old man’s palm.

Bang!

The formidable force of the collision instantly blasted countless cracks open on the space around the point of collision, and the enormous force of the old man’s attack pushed Yang Ye over 30m back!

Mu Ling, Gong Jian, and the others opened their eyes wide, and their eyes were filled with disbelief. On the other hand, the smile on Leng Wushang’s face had frozen.

He resisted the attack of a Half-Saint?

At this moment, a wisp of shock had flashed through Elder He’s eyes as well. He’d thought that it would have been able to instantly annihilate that ant at the Monarch Realm, but he hadn’t imagined that Yang Ye would be able to forcefully resist his attack. Moreover, Yang Ye seemed like he was completely fine! When did such a monstrous genius appear in the Hallowed Halls?

A wisp of ferocity flashed through Elder He’s eyes, and the profound energy within him started to surge madly. Because he was very well aware that if he didn’t seize this opportunity to kill Yang Ye now, then he might not have another opportunity like this in the future. Because Yang Ye had both strength and potential, so Lunar Rite Hall would absolutely not allow him to kill Yang Ye. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Moreover, he was very clearly aware that enmity had formed between them because of his attack. So, it was best for him to eliminate such a monstrous genius before he could grow stronger!

Elder He stopped hesitating when he thought up to this point. He raised his palm and swiftly slapped it down towards Yang Ye again. An enormous palm that was over 300m wide flashed forward, and it tore through space and appeared above Yang Ye. After that, it smashed down towards him like a mountain.

The powerful energy contained within the attack caused the ground around Yang Ye to quake while the spectating profounders started retreating repeatedly with horror.

A vicious expression flashed through Yang Ye’s eyes as he suddenly stomped the ground with his right foot and shot into the air. After that, he clenched both his fists and smashed them against the enormous palm.

Bang!

The enormous palm trembled violently while countless cracks appeared on it. However, a mouthful of blood sprayed from Yang Ye while the enormous palm pressed him down towards the ground. Right when he was about to collide with the ground, Yang Ye suddenly pulled his fists back and smashed them upward again.

Bang!

The spectators watched with shock as Elder He’s attack was blasted into pieces!

Elder He’s eyelids twitched when he witnessed this scene. He knew that he’d really underestimated this fellow’s strength and potential! Of course, it didn’t make him abandon his intentions to kill Yang Ye, and it even allowed him to realize that he absolutely couldn’t allow Yang Ye to live! Otherwise, Yang Ye would definitely become a threat to him in the future!

Right when he was about to attack once more, an old man suddenly appeared out of thin air.

Mu Ling instantly heaved a sigh of relief when she saw the old man, and then she hurriedly walked over to Yang Ye. She led Yang Ye over to the old man and said, “Mu Ling and our new member, Yang Man, greets Elder Li!”

Elder Li nodded slightly, and his gaze lingered on Yang Ye for a short while before he smiled, “Not bad, not bad. Cultivating the body to such an extent is rare even amongst the demon race and devil race. Don’t worry, since you’ve joined Lunar Rite Hall, then I’ll definitely protect you today!”

When he spoke up to this point, he turned around and gazed at Elder He, “Elder He, are you going to leave now, or should we have a spar?”

Elder He had a gloomy expression on his face, and then he glanced coldly at Yang Ye before he turned around and left with the members of Snow’s Lament.

Meanwhile, Mu Ling said, “Yang Man, you absolutely can’t be so impulsive in the future. If you want to kill someone, then it’s best if you issue a challenge before you kill that person. In other words, it’s best that you do it in a life and death arena. So long as it’s like that, then no one can interfere, even Elders can’t”

The corners of Yang Ye’s eyes twitched slightly, and then he said, “Where’s Snow’s Lament’s headquarters?”

Mu Ling was slightly stunned, “What are you thinking of doing?”

A ferocious smile arose on the corners of Yang Ye’s mouth, “Since they are my enemies now, then it’s best to annihilate them!!”

Would Snow’s Lament spare him? It wouldn’t! They would definitely act again and again. Since it was like that, wasn’t it better to take the initiative than passively deal with the trouble they caused him!?