Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 767 – Nether Maiden vs Yang Ye Part 1/3

Did I make a bad bet? Right when this thought had just arisen within Yang Ye’s mind, Yin’yin released him from her embrace and spoke in an extremely serious manner, “Big Brother, you absolutely must not allow others to know that you possess Quintessence Violet Energy. Otherwise, numerous old fellows in the city will eat you up. All of them are very formidable. Especially Blind Grandpa and that freak without a head. Big Brother, you’re definitely unable to fight them right now!”

Yang Ye instantly heaved a sigh of relief. I was right to trust her!

Yang Ye smiled, and then he stretched out his hand to rub her head, “Big brother is naturally aware of that. That’s why I asked you not to tell anyone. Otherwise, big brother will definitely die!”

Yin’yin spoke very solemnly, “Yin’yin won’t tell anymore!”

Yang Ye nodded and said, “I trust you!”

As he spoke, he suddenly started sizing her up. Besides her newly grown arms that were pure white and clean, her face and neck were both covered in a layer of dirt. Especially her hair, it seemed like it hadn’t been washed for months and was stuck together.

Moreover, her clothes weren’t just tattered, they were exceptionally dirty. In short, Yin’yin seemed like a little beggar.

“Yin’yin, why don’t you bathe?” asked Yang Ye.

“Bathe?” She blinked and said, “How?”

Yang Ye was speechless.

Yin’yin continued, “Big Brother, teach me how, alright?”

“Yin’yin, you don’t know how to bathe?” asked Yang Ye.

She shook her head in response, “No one taught Yin’yin how!”

Yang Ye suddenly asked, “Why do you eat people?”

She replied as a matter of course, “Because I’m hungry!”

“You eat people because you’re hungry?” Yang Ye was quite stunned.

“Then what should I eat?” She replied with a question.

Yang Ye was at a total loss for words.

A short while passed before Yang Ye struck himself on the forehead. Because he’d guessed correctly. Yin’yin’s actions were done entirely out of instinct. She was like a little wild beast. She ate when she was hungry and killed when she faced danger. The reason she was like that was entirely because no one had taught her what to do. Of course, no one dared to teach her as well. After all, her strength was truly too terrifying. Moreover, ordinary people weren’t even able to see her while those who could either feared her or were eaten by her!

Yang Ye rubbed her head and said, “Yin’yin, how old are you now?”

She thought for a long time before she answered, “I don’t know. In any case, I’ve been here for many years!”

Yang Ye took Yin’yin’s hand and fell silent for a short while. Meanwhile, tempestuous waves of shock were surging through his heart because Yin’yin’s age was actually similar to her outer appearance. She was around 10 years old at most. Because her bones weren’t more than 10 years old. She wasn’t an old living fossil that had rejuvenated her youth. She was only 10 yet possessed such terrifying strength! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Yang Ye took quite some time to suppress the shock within him, and then he asked, “Yin’yin, how... how are you so strong?”

Yin’yin fell silent.

Yang Ye smiled, “It’s fine if you don’t want to tell me.” After all, every single person had their own secrets, and so did he. So, he understood it well.

She suddenly raised her head and said, “Grandpa Whitebeard said that I shouldn’t tell any ordinary person. Big Brother is just like Mother, you’re not an ordinary person. So, I can tell you, right?”

Yang Ye’s eyelids twitched. Grandpa Whitebeard? Obviously, it was another heaven defying figure.

Yin’yin said, “Yin’yin encountered Grandpa Whitebeard when I could just walk. He said that Yin’yin possessed some sort of devourer physique that can devour all energy. Once it rises to a certain extent, it can even devour space, the world, and the cosmos. In short, it can devour all material energy. Even though Yin’yin doesn’t understand it, Yin’yin can sense that it seemed to be quite powerful!”

It’s capable of devouring space, the world, the cosmos, and all material energy....

Yang Ye felt that even his hands were trembling slightly.

Yin’yin continued, “Grandpa Whitebeard said he couldn’t bear to kill me, and then he placed a cultivation technique called the Heaven Devourer Technique within me and asked me to cultivate well. Besides that, he said he hoped that I would be able to encounter a technique or person that can restrain my physique. In the end, he rubbed my head and vanished!”

Yang Ye rubbed Yin’yin’s head again and said, “That’s a fortuitous encounter of yours! But why did those bad people kill your mother? And why did they do that to you?” Yang Ye was still unable to figure it out. Because whichever clan obtained a genius like Yin’yin would definitely treat her like a god, and they would even sacrifice their entire clan to protect her. After all, so long as a genius like her was able to grow, she would be capable of bringing prosperity to the entire clan!

Yin’yin lowered her head and fell silent for quite some time, “They said Yin’yin is an illegitimate daughter, they said Mother is shameless, and they said Yin’yin is a monster that makes the cultivations of others regress!” When she spoke up to this point, she suddenly looked up at Yang Ye and said with an aggrieved expression, “But I didn’t devour them. But they still killed Mother and chopped off my hands. They intended to kill me as well, but Yin’yin’s aunt wanted Yin’yin to live a life worse than death and threw Yin’yin down here!”

As she finished speaking, her voice grew softer and softer while tears flowed ceaselessly down her face.

Yang Ye sighed softly and spoke in a gentle tone, “Don’t think about all of that. Start over from today!” He didn’t urge her to take revenge because it might bring harm to her instead. Moreover, he didn’t have the strength to help her as well. The only thing he could do now was to allow her to become more normal and happier.

After he finished listening to her, Yang Ye firmed his resolve to become stronger without end. He was determined to become strong to the point that none could harm him.

This was how the world was. If one had no strength, then one would be at the mercy of others.

Principles? Rules? Laws?

Those were things used to restrict the weak.

Yang Ye pinched Yin’yin’s cheek and said, “Wait here for me. I’ll be right back!”

She nodded and said, “You must return!” She had a slight and indescribable feeling of reliance towards Yang Ye.

Yang Ye smiled, and then his figure vanished on the spot.

Around 10 minutes passed before Yang Ye returned to Yin’yin’s room. A bath barrel appeared with a flip of his palm, and it was even filled with water. He gazed at her and said, “Take off your clothes!”

Yin’yin didn’t hesitate to take everything off. Yang Ye naturally didn’t have any other thoughts. He was no animal, and he took her to be like his sister, just like Little Yao and Bao’er.

Yang Ye carried her up and placed her into the bath barrel, and then he said, “Wash yourself. It has to be completely clean, understand?”

She nodded with seeming to be quite dazed, and then she started to get to work....

Yang Ye took a glance out the window, and he noticed that dawn had almost arrived.

“Big Brother, I’m done!” Meanwhile, Yin’yin suddenly appeared in front of Yang Ye.

Yang Ye glanced at her, and then he couldn’t help but shake his head, “Let me do it!”

Another 10 minutes passed before Yang Ye carried Yin’yin out of the bath barrel, and then he took out the new clothes he’d bought, “Which one do you like?”

She looked at them for a very long time before she pointed at a green dress. Yang Ye nodded and helped her get into it.

After she’d cleaned herself up, Yin’yin was like a perfectly sculpted doll. She seemed cute and lively, and it was obvious that she would grow up into a drop dead gorgeous woman.

Yang Ye withdrew a spatial ring and passed it to her, “I bought a huge amount of food for you and placed it in there. It should be enough for you to eat for a very long time. You’re not allowed to eat people anymore, understand?”

She nodded in response.

Yang Ye continued, “Besides food, there’s a huge amount of clothes in there as well. In any case, I’ve bought you a lot of things. You can slowly look through them later. Remember to bathe every single day. You’re not allowed to be dirty like before, alright?”

She nodded again.

Yang Ye was about to say something else when Yin’yin suddenly raised her head, and she looked at him and said, “Big Brother, you’re leaving?”

Yang Ye was slightly stunned, and then he nodded. She suddenly said, “Big Brother, I’ll go with you!”

Yang Ye shook his head.

“Why?” Yin’yin was quite sad.

Yang Ye sighed softly and said, “You belong to Nameless City while you’re here. So, even if that big bad fellow from before brings a huge number of experts here with him, he still wouldn’t be able to do anything to you because the others here would help you. But if you leave with me, then you wouldn’t belong to Nameless City anymore. Moreover, you’d even be swept into the enmity between me and the Hallowed Grounds. I would be dragging you down with me!”

He didn’t doubt Yin’yin’s strength. But if she lost the help of the others within the city, then she would absolutely be unable to fight the Hallowed Halls on her own.

Yang Ye did want her to come with him. After all, she was very strong, and she would be a huge help to the southern territory. However, he couldn’t act selfishly and drag her down with him.

Moreover, he would definitely rely on her if he had her by his side, and that was very harmful to his own growth.

Yang Ye rubbed her head and said, “Don’t be sad. I’m not leaving forever. I’ll come look for you once I’ve dealt with what I need to do, alright?”

“You must return!” She gazed very seriously at him and said, “Big Brother, I’ll go look for you if you don’t come back!”

“I promise!” Yang Ye smiled, rubbed her head, and then vanished on the spot.

She gazed at the direction Yang Ye left towards for a short while, and then she turned around and returned to her bed. She took off the red string with the spatial ring that Yang Ye gave her that day, and she placed the new spatial ring Yang Ye gave her with it. After that, she placed it back around her neck before she laid down on her bed, and a faint smile appeared on her face.

The first glimmer of dawn still hadn’t descended, yet Yang Ye had left the city.

However, a person obstructed his path right after he left the city. It wasn’t Supreme Exalt He but Nether Maiden.

She gazed at him and said, “Should I call you Yang Ye or Yang Man?”