

I placed my hand on the towering wall and channeled my magic.

As a result, the wall gradually crumbled from the top.

The sentry who had reported earlier hastily ran off the top of the wall.

The spectacle of a wall that was originally thirty meters high and five meters thick splitting apart left and right was truly dynamic and spectacular.

"This is quite a sight..."

In fact, Grandma, who was watching the scene, muttered these words. Others likely shared the same sentiment, as they were all left in awe while observing the opening of the wall.

I returned all the soil from the inner trench created when the wall was constructed and sealed the hole. After opening the wall for several tens of meters, I ceased using my magic.

Ideally, I didn't want to create large rifts in the wall, but a large number of soldiers from various countries had gathered, and without an opening of this size, they wouldn't be able to enter smoothly.

Upon examining the area beyond the opened wall, just as the sentry mentioned, there were no monsters near the wall. It appeared as though they were awaiting our arrival from a far-off distance.

"Shin."

"Yes, Grandma?"

"I'd like to ask you something. Did you use one of your unconventional magics on this wall again?"

"Unconventional? That's a bit disrespectful. I always believe I'm using reasonable magic."

Nonetheless, I understand the reason why Grandma is asking me this kind of question.

"No, I only piled up and solidified the earth. It's just a simple earth wall."

The task of opening the previous wall was also performed without using any special magic. This means...

"I see... you really consider this a game, don't you?"

Strom mentioned it. She views this as a "game." A game in which the survival of both humanity and demons is at stake.

Strom proposed it, and the highest level of alert on the human side had been maintained. Many observers had been dispatched from various countries, and preparations were in place for a swift response in case the wall was breached.

However, in line with Strom's announcement, she hadn't done anything for an entire month. Moreover, she hadn't even brought the monsters close to the wall.

She was playing.

Humanity had prepared for this day with a resolute determination, staking their very survival. However, Strom was probably eagerly anticipating this day with excitement.

"...Engaging in such foolish antics."

A figure walked towards the opened wall. It was Grandpa.

"If we can get to know someone like Strom, we might be able to understand... how Kyle felt."

Grandpa muttered these words as he gathered a massive amount of magical energy.

The amount of magical energy he collected was breathtaking, enough to take one's breath away.

"People like those, who toy with lives in this manner, could never be the same as Kyle!!"

He was furious. Just as on the day when Ekaterina had been stabbed, Grandpa was in a fit of rage.

Flames of crimson danced around him, responding to his anger.

"Stop messing around!!"

This was Grandpa's serious, full-power magic, which I had never seen before. It sent an immensely large pillar of fire towards the distant horde of monsters.

Eventually, the magic hit its mark among the monsters, causing a massive explosion and scattering a high-volume shockwave even reaching us.

Incredible.

This was the true power of Grandpa, an international hero and the second-in-command of the Ultimate Magicians. He was currently considered the second-most powerful magician in the world.

Normally, one would only observe his actions from the safety of a distance.

I, too, was witnessing Grandpa's true power for the first time. Many of the soldiers present had only read about or heard of heroes like him in books and plays.

The sight of a hero's true strength, something they had only known as a legend, overwhelmed the soldiers.

"Wow!! Sage-sama is amazing!!"

"We can do it! With Sage-sama here, we can win!"

"Yaaah! Sage-sama!!"

Cheers of enthusiasm echoed from all directions. The soldiers' morale had reached its peak.

"All forces, charge!!"

"Yaaahhh!!!"

Not wanting to miss this opportunity, Dominic shouted his command, and the motivated soldiers launched their assault.

At the forefront of the army, we also began to charge; standing still would mean getting crushed from behind.

"That was amazing! Sage-sama's magic!"

"It was incredible. I'm so excited."

The morale boost from Grandpa's magic affected not only the soldiers but also Alice and, quite unusually, Lynn, who were exhilarated.

The other members, witnessing the legendary hero's power, were equally thrilled.

Except for one.

"Sigh... Honestly, when he gets too excited, he loses all sense of reason as always..."

Grandma, who had known Grandpa for a long time, sighed and looked exasperated.

"Well, you see, everyone's morale is soaring. It's not such a bad result."

"Aren't you just being complacent? You've always been like this."

Grandpa, who had just been cool moments ago, was now being scolded by Grandma and looked embarrassed.

...Is it just Grandpa's nature to never be composed until the very end?

"Anyway, Shin. You guys are going to face the demons, right? It seems there are no signs of demons among the monsters."

To escape Grandma's sermon even in this situation, Grandpa started a conversation with me.

"Seems like it. Probably, but I think the demons are inside the demon city."

"Hmm, what's the plan then?"

In front of us were thousands of catastrophe-level monsters.

The real target was the demon within the demon city.

I considered flying up to it, but considering the possibility of hidden snipers in the air, that might not be the best idea.

So, instead...

"I'll follow Grandpa's lead."

As I ran, I gathered magical power.

Grandpa's earlier magic had a wide-ranging effect.

But my magic had a different purpose.

"Combustible Material Transformation."

I converted the gathered magical power into combustible material.

"Compression."

I compressed it further.

I also used "Kotodama" to enhance the magic's effect.

"Compression, compression, compression."

I compressed it to its limit to maximize its power.

"Targeting."

I couldn't forget to give it direction.

"Now... Fire!!"

I could have simply ignited it, but I thought it would look cooler and add to the dramatic effect, so I chanted "Fire."

And then...

Unlike when I had tried it in the magical training grounds, a massive explosion occurred. This explosion had incomparable power. It only affected the area in front due to the direction it was given, but the damage it caused was immense.

The "Catastrophe-class" monsters in the path of the spell were blown to bits or severely damaged. As a result, a straight path with no monsters in sight led directly to the demon city.

"Wow..."

I was amazed! Since you couldn't use high-power magic so much in the wilderness, this was the first time I had used magic with such power.

I was surprised at the extent of its power, including the chanting of "Kotodama."

"Shin!! You've gone and done something outrageous again!!"

Uh-oh.

Grandma was right next to me.

I didn't need to see her face to know she was probably furious.

"Alright! The path is clear! Oug! Let's go to the demon city at full throttle now!"

"Yeah."

"This! This!!"

I wouldn't usually get a lecture on the front lines like this, but out of pure reflex, I dashed into the group of monsters along the newly formed path to escape Grandma's potential lecture.

"Shin!! You'll get a lecture when you get back!"

I could hear Grandma shouting from behind.

"Gee... I guess you'll get a lecture when we get back, Shin."

"Ugh... seriously..."

Oug told me that. Although I tried to act like I didn't care, deep down, I was kind of grinning.

"Once we get back..."

Grandma had said that.

In other words, she believes that we'll win this battle and return home.

So, there's only one thing I need to do.

"Let's try to get the lecture over with quickly and get back home, shall we?"

Everyone smiled and agreed with me.