

In the midst of a swarm of thousands of "Catastrophe-class" monsters, a clear path suddenly appeared.

The mastermind behind this outrageous spectacle, Shin, quickly advanced down the newly-formed path.

"Jeez! Like grandfather, like grandson!"

Watching Shin, the creator of this spectacle, as he advanced down the path, Merida scolded him angrily.

"Why doesn't he realize that using such magic in front of such a large group might make him seem suspicious, or even worse!"

"Well, Merida-sama, please calm down. I don't think there's any need to worry this time."

Shin was often warned when he used extraordinary magic, as a measure to ensure he wouldn't be seen as a threat after the demonic menace had been eliminated. However, he showed no sign of restraining himself, seemingly heedless of his grandmother's warnings.

While Merida lamented this fact, Dominik, the overall commander of the current operation, believed there was no need for such concerns. The reason being...

"Just now, with that strike from young Wolforde, the soldiers' morale has reached its peak. Even if he's considered reliable and feared, there's no cause for concern."

Dominik's words held true. Besides Merida, no one was resentful of Shin's recent attack. Typically, "Catastrophe-class" monsters required elite soldiers fighting with their lives on the line to defeat them. Many of these monsters were brought down by a single strike from Shin. It was no wonder the soldiers, who had been prepared to die, were now jubilant.

Following Dominik's words, the soldiers, their spirits uplifted, wielded the vibration swords provided by Shin and commenced combat with the monsters.

"... Even though we're in a life-or-death situation for the survival of humanity right now, it might not be like this when the battle ends, you know?"

"Hahaha. Merida-dono, you continue to be fond of Shin, don't you?"

Dominik said there was nothing to worry about, but Merida couldn't help but be concerned due to her position as Shin's grandmother. Michelle teased her, seeming to understand her feelings.

"What are you talking about?! It's not because I find that child cute or anything, I'm just worried that he might inconvenience others!"

"I see. Let's leave it at that, then. By the way, Merida-dono..."

"Yes?"

"Shall we join the battle soon?"

Merida's tsundere response to her grandson, which made it unclear who benefited from it. Michelle found Merida's reaction amusing.

While her attitude was irritating, it was true that talking here without taking part in the battlefield wouldn't serve much purpose.

"Sigh... Honestly, that crybaby boy has become quite the adult. Alright, we'll go and defeat the monsters properly."

"Me-Merida-dono, can we discuss that here...?"

When they first met, Michel had been weak and cried easily, but now she had grown to the point where she could voice her opinions to Merida. While Merida had fond memories of those times, it appeared that Michel considered that period a dark chapter.

"W-What do you mean, 'crybaby boy'?"

"Dominik."

"Yes!"

"...Forget that story. Got it?"

"Y-Yes!"

While Michel's past piqued Merida's interest, it was something Michel clearly didn't want to share. She issued her orders with a hint of menace.

Dominik, in command of the elite forces of the World Union Army, could not defy his former superior officer and reluctantly consented while trembling.

"Are you all ready?"

Merlin, who had been observing the three of them, finally spoke up.

"It's unusual for you, Lord Merlin, not to launch the first attack."

"What do you think of me, young one?"

Having known the old Merlin, Michel was surprised to see Merlin waiting for their conversation to conclude.

Merlin's unwilling response prompted Michel to ask how he saw himself.

"Huh? An ogre in human form, perhaps?"

"Very well. Michel, remember this after the extermination is complete."

"Haha. Maybe it's better not to approach the Wolforde family for a while?"

"Jeez... Let's get started."

Perhaps because they had been acquaintances for decades, their casual exchange was far from the typical interaction before a battle with numerous Catastrophe-class monsters.

To be honest, Dominik was already anxious, as the monsters were closing in. However, his concerns turned out to be unfounded.

"What?! Is this a magic barrier!?"

"Hmph. Do you think these high-level Catastrophe-class monsters can break through my barrier?"

Catastrophe-class monsters approaching were halted by the magical barrier created by Merida's magical tool.

The barrier not only consisted of magical protection but also a physical one, as it completely stopped the monsters' physical bodies. Dominik was amazed by the strength of the barrier. However, someone took this astonishing display in stride.

"If they come this close, there's no escaping anymore!"

Merlin, who believed in Merida's ability to hold back the monsters with the barrier, had gathered an incredible amount of magical power. The moment the monsters hit the barrier, Merlin released his magic power.

"Here! Be blown away!"

At the moment Merlin cast his spell, Merida canceled the barrier she had deployed. Their cooperation was flawless, without a hint of hesitation.

When Merlin's magic hit the center of the monster horde, it exploded with an enormous roar, enough to potentially engulf their allies. However, Merida quickly redeployed the barrier to coincide with the impact of the magic, avoiding any friendly fire.

"You're as chaotic as ever."

"The opponents are Catastrophe-class monsters. There's no need for restraint, is there?"

Merida's exasperation and Merlin's delight in using magic at full strength, this was a sight not seen in a long time.

"Your coordination is as impressive as ever."

Watching the flawless teamwork of the two that was almost identical to what she'd seen in the past, Michelle couldn't help but admire it.

And Dominik, who was witnessing Merlin and Merida's battle for the first time, couldn't contain his inner excitement.

"This is... This is the power of a hero..."

Like any other citizen of Aylsheid, Dominik had admired the two, and now he was witnessing the legendary hero's power up close, unable to hide his inner excitement.