

"Yuri, you're so scary when you're angry. I need to be careful too."

Tony watched Yuri unleash her anger for the first time in front of everyone while swinging his vibration swords energetically in all directions.

His expression appeared quite composed.

As a means to combat the demons, Tony had opted for dual-wielding vibration swords. Having overwhelmed a threat to humanity in the form of the dragon, distinct from the demons, his movements were filled with confidence. Utilizing his jet boots, he slipped through the demons' magic attacks. Even if his first strike was blocked, he would swiftly follow up with the second and defeat the demon.

In a sense, Tony, the one who had benefitted the most from Shin's blessings, undoubtedly achieved the most significant success on this battlefield.

In response to Tony's close-quarters combat prowess, the demons who deemed themselves at a disadvantage...

"You brat! Don't get cocky!"

They launched powerful magic from a distance.

However...

"Oops."

"What!?"

Tony calmly deployed a magic barrier against the incoming magic.

He effortlessly deflected the spell.

"Hah!"

"!?"

With the magic that he thought was less suitable for him effortlessly blocked, Tony used the opportunity to close the distance with his jet boots.

"Shah!"

"Gah..."

In an instant, the demon had no chance to react and was sliced down.

"Phew."

After vanquishing the demon, Tony looked around and exhaled.

"Now, I wonder how things are going over there?"

Tony turned his gaze toward a particular pair.

"In those flashy outfits, they look like they've become the center of attention, don't you think?"

Tony was referring to the two people who caught his attention.

They were...

"Nyowa!"

"Hey!"

Alice and Lynn, both dressed in flamboyant costumes.

These outfits were not at all suited for the battlefield. They were originally designed by Shin as cute clothes for Mei, who didn't participate in battles. However, wearing such clothing on the battlefield...

"They're dressed so outrageously!"

"Don't underestimate us, you brat!"

"Wearing such flashy clothes, it's like they're asking to be targeted!"

In a battlefield where lives were at stake, two girls appeared in outfits that, at first glance, seemed like they were fooling around. The demons who had come to this battlefield with the resolve to sacrifice their lives were naturally furious.

Because of their flashy appearance, many demons gathered around Alice and Lynn.

"Meow! What's the matter? We're not fooling around!"

Alice shouted this while avoiding attacks and rebutting the demons.

Her rebuttal only further infuriated the demons.

"What?! If you're not fooling around, then what the hell are you doing?"

"I wouldn't say something like that."

In response to the enraged demons, Lynn calmly stated the obvious. Under normal circumstances, there shouldn't be any reason to teach the enemy their tactics, but being told the obvious by Lynn, who appeared to be much younger than them, made the demons lose even more of their composure.

Alice and Lynn didn't miss this opportunity.

"Lynn, dash forward."

"Understood."

In a voice too quiet for the demons to hear over the sounds of nearby battles, Alice spoke to Lynn.

Due to their positions, their voices wouldn't have reached the demons under normal circumstances. But...

"On your mark..."

In perfect unison, Alice and Lynn used their normal voices.

Their location between the demons meant that their voices shouldn't have reached them with that level of volume. But...

"Now!"

"Huh!?"

The two of them simultaneously unleashed fire magic.

"Huh!?"

"No way... this can't be..."

The magic cast at exactly the same time hit simultaneously. The demons couldn't make a split-second decision about which of the simultaneously cast powerful magics to defend against.

"Guaaargh!!"

Furthermore, the flames, which were further empowered by the synergy, quickly incinerated several demons.

With no doubt that they had defeated the demons, Alice let out a sigh of relief.

"Phew... this is great after all! We can have private conversations during battles!"

"Yeah, this advantage is significant."

Despite being on a battlefield filled with thunderous explosions, Alice and Lynn could have a quiet exchange. They achieved this through small communication devices embedded in their helmets, working on the same principle as walkie-talkies. Designed to ensure the speakers were positioned close to their ears, the sound volume was significantly reduced. This allowed them to converse without the fear of being overheard.

Alice and Lynn utilized this feature to coordinate their demon extermination efforts.

However, for this operation, they only used the communication devices embedded in their helmet gear.

While their attire wasn't necessary, they felt that it needed to be in line with their equipment.

"After all, if we're using this equipment, we should coordinate our outfits too."

"Of course."

Perhaps, they might appear to be goofing around.