

"S-So what!? Ordering your subordinates to do something like that!"

Shishiri shouted in disbelief.

"I can't believe it either, but..."

Sending them to the battlefield with no strategy at all...

It's like telling them to come and die.

Moreover, the words of that demon...

"They also seemed to have no doubts about that order..."

Being told to come and die, they rejoiced in it.

Their appearance was just...

"Fanatics..."

Shishiri had the exact same impression as I did.

"Yeah, they're worshiping Strom as if he were a god."

While Shishiri and I were having that conversation, the demons were being eliminated one after another by the Ogs.

Our goal was certainly to exterminate all the demons, to defeat every single one of them, but I didn't expect them to be so fanatical and suicidal.

This gave me a strong sense of unease.

If the demons support Strom in such a fanatical way, it's even more worrying.

"Strom suddenly challenging us to an all-out war is one thing, but it feels different from his previous actions."

"Different from his previous actions?"

"Yeah. When we were engaged in the previous operation to conquer the demon territories, the demon we defeated mentioned that Strom didn't do anything after literally destroying the empire, which had been called a great nation."

"That's right."

"The guy who wiped out the empire, which had been described as a great nation, didn't do anything after that. It was strange."

"But that's because Strom's goal was the destruction of the empire. After that was done, maybe he didn't have any other objectives left, that's what you and His Highness discussed, right?"

"Yeah, that's right. So I thought that he would just surround and monitor the area around the old imperial capital, the Demon Capital, and that would be the end of it, but..."

Up until then, the demons who had seemingly been observing the movements of the commoner demons started to act.

They attacked Ekaterina-san, separated me from the Ogs, and tried to harm the Ogs.

And now, this final battle.

"Why did Strom suddenly act? If he has no objective, he could have just stayed quiet."

"That's... because they're demons..."

Shishiri had heard Strom's declaration before.

"He said, 'Since I became this body, I've turned into a worthless existence like humans.'"

He certainly said that.

That's why human thoughts are incomprehensible to demons.

They're probably saying something along those lines.

"This time, he also said he doesn't want to 'conquer' the world but 'destroy' it... It's as if he suddenly wanted to annihilate humans."

Shishiri's perspective is certainly understandable.

But...

"That might be true, but... I have a slightly different theory."

"What is it?"

"While it's hard to understand why Strom thinks that way, I can sort of see it as something he might accept. But what about these guys?"

"Oh..."

"I understand that these guys worship Strom as if he were a god. However, if we keep going like this, we'll eventually reach Strom. Do you think these guys will allow that?"

"...They should resist more desperately."

"Strom tells the demons to come and die. In other words, that means there will be fewer protectors for Strom."

"Yes."

"Will these guys who worship Strom as a god allow that?"

"...It doesn't seem likely."

"However, these guys are following Strom's orders. That means..."

I don't know the specifics.

But I believe this inference isn't completely off the mark.

This is...

"It's possible that some major issue has arisen among the demons."

Otherwise, I can't understand this situation.

I didn't wish for our struggle to be this difficult.

But it's just too anticlimactic.

Nevertheless, it's still just speculation. Can we somehow get testimony from the demons?

"Should we try restraining a demon one more time..."

"It won't work."

My thoughts inadvertently slipped out.

Upon hearing that, Shishiri immediately responded with a rejection.

She had been angry about restraining a demon earlier.

However, considering the various speculations I've shared and the possibility of obtaining important testimony, I wanted to convince Shishiri...

"No, after hearing Shin-kun's explanation, I understand that questioning a demon isn't a bad idea, but..."

Upon hearing that, Shishiri looked towards the battlefield.

"We're running out of numbers... Oh, Tony just defeated one, so they're all wiped out now."

...Darn it... I should have acted a bit faster...