

"Hmm... a problem on the demon side, you say?"

"Yeah, I have no confirmation, though."

"In that case, perhaps we acted prematurely by wiping them all out..."

When the Ogre who had returned after eliminating the demons heard the earlier speculation, he fell into deep thought.

"No, that's not the case. I was just slow to notice."

"But still... I didn't notice a thing..."

"That's understandable. You were in the midst of battle."

The Ogre had been fighting demons on the front lines. It would have been impossible for him to contemplate things while in the heat of battle.

I acted as an escort for Shishiri, the healer, and refrained from direct participation in combat to ensure everyone was fit for battle. It was to verify if the countermeasures everyone had come up with were genuinely effective. As a result, everyone proved they could handle the demons well, so I kept a step back to observe the overall situation.

"Yet, it certainly was strange when you mention it."

"Huh? Doesn't this mean our plan worked?"

"I didn't notice anything unusual about the demons."

Unlike the understanding Ogre, Alice and Rin seemed to have completely missed it.

"I thought it was the result of our special training."

"Me too."

"I thought so too."

Tony, Thor, Julius, and others also concurred with Alice.

"Wait, is it just Shin who noticed that?"

"Maria's right. In the midst of that battle, who would have time to worry about something like that? We were all fighting for our lives..."

Miranda supported Maria's words.

When I glanced at Yuri, Mark, and Olivia, they all seemed to nod in agreement with Miranda's statement. Everyone seemed concerned about not having noticed the demons' unusual behavior...

"Don't worry about it too much. It's just my personal impression, and there's no confirmation."

As I had mentioned to the Ogre, it's nearly impossible to notice such things during life-threatening battles, so there's no need to be concerned. In fact, thinking about it during the demon fight could have led to dire consequences, so it's better that they didn't notice.

"Anyway, we've wiped out the demons that appeared here. Let's move on."

"That's right. Based on the information we heard before the battle, only the executives should remain."

"Indeed. We're just one step away from the end."

Everyone nodded in agreement with my and the Ogre's words.

It seems they've successfully shifted their focus.

And so, we ventured through the gates of the former imperial capital, now the demon capital.

"But still... there's absolutely no sign of anything."

As we advanced through the deserted demon capital, the Ogre muttered to himself.

"Yeah, it's eerie that a city this large is so deserted... just that fact alone is abnormal."

"Is it because... all the residents were killed?"

The fact that the massive capital city of a major nation was eerily silent, as if you could hear a pin drop, was chilling.

And the reason for this was the extermination of the inhabitants.

Just thinking about it gave off a creepy vibe.

Maria also seemed to be affected by the atmosphere.

"Ugh, I want to get out of here quickly..."

She said, and it happened.

Clang!

"Uwaaaah!"

A board caught by the wind fell and made a loud noise.

Startled by the noise, Maria let out a scream and crouched down.

"Huh, Maria, are you not good with these kinds of things?"

"W-Well, I am not! Is that a problem!?"

"No, I'm just a bit surprised, that's all."

"I'll have you know, if you try to scare or threaten me, I'll really unleash my magic on you, even if I know it won't work! I mean it!"

"Got it, got it. Besides, we won't do anything like that here."

"Really?"

"In times like this, especially, it would be extremely inappropriate to do something like that."

We're talking about a place where tens of thousands, maybe even over a hundred thousand people used to live.

It would be highly disrespectful to engage in such behavior here.

I have enough sense for that.

"Shin, Messina, cut out the joking."

"W-We weren't joking..."

"They've arrived."

Maria was about to argue with the Ogre when she suddenly realized what he meant and looked ahead.

Their gaze was directed at the top of a ruined building.

And there, they saw...

"You... Zest!"

It was the demon who had been called Zest back then.

And there was one more person there.

This one was a stranger to us.

"So, we've finally made it here."

"Ah, I'm starting to hate this. All our efforts have gone to waste."

Compared to the solemn Zest, the guy next to him seems rather carefree.

"Nice to meet you, members of the Ultimate Magicians. Well, it's not the first time we've met for me."

"What?"

"Not the first time but first time? What's that supposed to mean?"

"Could it be!?"

"Oh, you noticed? I've been watching you all for quite some time now. It was an easy job since none of you noticed."

"It's you..."

I glared at the demon who was watching us with a mocking expression next to Zest.

This guy had been observing us all along. Which means he was the one orchestrating things behind the scenes.

In other words...

"Are you the real culprit who tried to kill Ekaterina?"

"Well, you'd naturally figure it out. Ah, I thought it would go smoothly. What's with that? Long-distance communication, teleportation magic, you guys are cheating."

"You!"

"Oh? What, are you mad?"

"Of course!"

This guy! He was trying to kill someone! How could he say that?!

"Ha, don't get so angry. Actually, you should be the one who's... a bit angrier."

Perhaps it was because he remembered his thwarted plot, but the demon suddenly got angry.

"Calm down, Lawrence. It's in the past now. Besides, granting Strom's wish is the top priority."

"I understand..."

An enraged demon, Zest called him Lawrence, which seemed to be his name.

Zest reprimanded him.

In fact, Zest... now...

"Strom's... wish?"

Perhaps he heard my voice, and Zest looked at me.

His expression wasn't one of anger or hatred, but rather one of complete resignation.

At the same time, Lawrence appeared to be suffering.

What on earth...?

"Phew, this won't do. It seems I spoke too much."

"Wait a minute! What is Strom's wish?"

As Zest tried to end the conversation, Ogre persisted.

But...

"I told you, I've talked too much. I have no intention of saying anything more."

"Who do you think you are to decide that we can't ask questions?"

"Then..."

Zest said this, and then he crouched down and...

"You can try to force it out of me using brute strength!"

He charged toward us.

"Ogre! I'll handle this guy. You take on Lawrence!"

"Got it!"

And so, it began: a battle between me and Zest, and between Lawrence and Ogre.