 ideas
about how to plan my New Years resolutions
2 / 2

Upon seeing that sight, I...

"Hey, what's your name?"

"...Milia."

"Milia, huh. Hey, Milia. Can you make a promise?"

"What...?"

"To raise that child as a proper human being. To never harbor hostility towards humans."

"Shin! You!"

"I understand!!"

Og protested by grabbing my shoulder, but I understood what he wanted to say.

"I know it's a naive idea! But..."

I said, looking at the newborn baby with a bewildered expression.

"...Can you kill? A newborn like this? The mother of that baby? Can you do it?!"

"Well, that's..."

"I can't! Even if they criticize me for being too soft! I can't do something like that!!"

Certainly, these demons are a threat to humanity.

They have actually shown their fangs to humanity.

But... a newborn baby has done nothing to deserve such a fate just for being a demon's child.

Killing them for that reason is not an option.

Even if we spare the child, if we go after Milia, it means taking the mother away from that innocent baby, even if she is a demon.

I can't do such a thing.

"You..."

Og shouted at me, and Milia muttered in disbelief while looking at me with an expression that showed she couldn't believe it.

I can understand Milia's feelings.

I know that, in theory, we could defeat Milia and place the child in an institution or give them up for adoption to a foster family or something.

But I've come to know Milia's feelings.

No matter who the other person is, seeing Milia expressing her love for the child she bore and looking at that child with such affection.

Seeing such a sight... I can't do it...

"...You're such a softie..."

Milia muttered with a hateful tone, but tears overflowed from her eyes.

Oh... after all, she's a mother before she's a demon.

"Sigh... I understand what you're trying to say. I, too... if I were to harm this parent and child here... I'd probably be haunted by it for the rest of my life."

"Og..."

Was this response better or worse?
Better
Worse
Same

"But Shin, if this child becomes a threat to humanity..."

"I understand. When that time comes, I'll take responsibility and defeat it. Is that okay, Milia?"

In response to Og's concern, I said so, and Milia replied with a determined expression.

"I won't let that happen. I want this child to have a happy life, a life that Lord Strom couldn't have."

"Lord Strom couldn't have? What do you mean?"

"This child's name is Silver... Sylvester."

"That's it?"

"This name is the name of Lord Strom's... the child that couldn't be born."

"Couldn't be born?"

"Yes... back when Lord Strom was still human, his wife, who was pregnant, was killed... by the hand of a commoner manipulated by the nobility..."

"That's..."

Strom had such a past...

"If the child that was born had been a boy, they were going to name him Sylvester," Milia explained.

I see, so the child is a boy.

"So that name..."

"I wanted to give birth to Lord Strom's child in place of the wife who couldn't bear it... I wanted to show Lord Strom the future. But..."

The child that was born turned out to be a human.

"Lord Strom became a demon to seek revenge against the Empire that killed his wife. However, once Lord Strom achieved his goal, he lost his purpose in life. So, I wanted to show Lord Strom the future, but..."

What she showed him was despair... I see.

Milia's actions were driven solely by her feelings for Strom.

Yet, the outcome was the complete opposite of what she had intended.

"Having lost his purpose in life and even his future... so, please..."

Milia said that and began to sob, bowing her head again.

"I want you to... set Lord Strom free..."

"Set him free?"

"Lord Strom... wishes for destruction..."