 debug
a linked list problem

Since going outside might make us vulnerable to attack, we're not using levitation magic but instead, each of us is using jet boots.

We remained vigilant, but we were able to land on the ground without any particular attacks.

Even Miranda, who usually uses jet boots for monster hunting, joined us.

The outside of the window turned into a courtyard, which was spacious enough for a battle.

In the middle of that courtyard, Strom stood there calmly.

Seeing us land in the courtyard, Strom taunted us with words.

"I thought you'd chickened out after taking so long to show up."

"Hah, I won't fall for that!"

I said that, and Strom looked surprised.

"Oh? Have you calmed down already? How boring."

"No matter how much you try to provoke me!"

"Hmm. A quick recovery in such a short time. I'd like to say that's the mark of a wise man's grandson, but..."

Strom said that and shifted his gaze behind me.

In his line of sight was Augustus.

"I see. As expected of His Highness Augustus, hailed as a prodigy since the founding of the Kingdom of Arlsheid. Are you saying that the brain of the Ultimate Magicians is you?"

"Don't call me a prodigy in front of Shin. It's embarrassing."

"Oh, don't you like it? It's quite a coincidence; there are things I don't like too."

After saying that, Strom's face changed from the cheeky expression he had earlier to one filled with anger.

"Calming down and admonishing your hot-headed comrades to be rational, that's an excellent level of trust you have. But I don't like it!"

Suddenly, a magical vortex surged around Strom.

It responded violently and ominously to Strom's anger.

"Ugh!"

Just the pressure of the magic made my body tremble.

This guy... He's truly something else.

"Comrades? Trust? Those are just children's games! They're illusions!"

Strom's eyes as he spoke were filled with hatred.

"Seducing with sweet words, using and then discarding! That's the true nature of humans! Yet they pretend to trust each other, indulge in camaraderie, and revel in it. It's revolting!"

"You...!"

"Don't compare me to the likes of you."

"What do you mean?"

"Augustus..."

Strom, who had referred to our relationship as child's play, had finally gotten to me, but Augustus calmly retorted.

"I don't know what happened to you in the past, and you probably have no idea what happened to us either, right?"

"Yes, that's right. I'm not interested."

"I thought so. Well, our friendship has only been a little over a year..."

Augustus said that and looked at everyone.

"We have learned together, competed, aimed for greatness, and faced death together. What good is there in not trusting such comrades?"

Everyone nodded in agreement with Augustus's words.

"...That's what I mean by child's play. Such superficial relationships easily break when interests clash. Humans are inherently selfish creatures!"

"And you magic folk are different?"

When Augustus said that, Strom smirked unpleasantly.

"I am the ultimate selfish being."

Strom continued talking.

"Amidst the disappearance of human-like emotions, self-centered, selfish thoughts remained. In other words, that is the essence of humanity."

"That's not true!!"

The first to counter Strom's words was Cecily.

"Everyone here is constantly thinking about people other than themselves!"

Cecily, with tears in her eyes and a bright red face, shouted desperately.

Shin, Your Highness, and everyone else, they all wish for the happiness of others! Please don't make fun of people like that!"

Cecily's words struck a chord with us.

We felt reassured that someone saw us.

Upon hearing Cecily's words, Strom...

...began to laugh like a madman.

"Hahaha... Well, well, you truly live up to the name of being called a Saint. It seems you excel at understanding people's hearts."

"What did you say!?"

This guy! Is he trying to provoke us again?

However, I was left speechless by the next line Strom uttered.

"For the sake of others, for the sake of those around you, for the sake of the country. Those are indeed noble actions. However, what about those who receive such charity? They take it for granted, become complacent in their weakness, don't they?"

"Well, that..."

I, who had moments of self-reflection even in my previous life, couldn't come up with a quick counterargument.

"In the end, humans are just like that. No matter how much you give, they accept it as a matter of course, and as soon as that generosity ceases, they start complaining. What's the point of exerting effort for such people?"

Certainly... Strom wasn't wrong in what he was saying.

There are indeed people who, even when they are given preferential treatment, express dissatisfaction the moment it's taken away.

I couldn't assert that it's not the case.

But...

"What's the big deal?" Augustus said, exasperated. "Such things are part of governing a country. You used to be a noble of the Empire, right? If you managed a territory, you'd understand."

"I do understand, and that's why I'm saying this!"

Strom's outburst was the most powerful we'd seen from him so far.

"Receiving charity all the while! Dancing to the deceptive tricks like children! Expressing dissatisfaction! Going on a rampage! They took the lives of my wife and child!! You can't possibly forgive such selfish people!!!!"

"I see, so that's the source of your anger."

"I know! Humans are ultimately only concerned with themselves! When things don't go their way, they resort to any extremes to protect themselves! That's the essence of humanity!!"

His anger began to swirl so strongly that it seemed like it might lead to a magical outburst.

"Now, the talking ends here. I will defeat you, who are indulging in sweet ideals, and destroy this worthless world for you!!"

Strom said this and converted the gathered magic into a spell and unleashed it towards us.

It was a massive spell, incomparable to the magic of other magic folk and leaders like Zest and Lawrence.

"Uoohhh!!!"

I judged that a spell of this magnitude would be too much for the others to handle, so I quickly erected a magical barrier to protect us.

Strom, the leader of the magic folk, had a different level of magical power compared to the other magic folk we had encountered so far.

"Ugh... Uooohhh!!!"

I poured more magical power into the barrier than I ever had before, somehow managing to block Strom's magic.

"Impressive, Shin Walford-kun. Can you block this?"

Strom cheerfully voiced his challenge, but I didn't have time to indulge in that.

"Everyone, go!"

While I was somehow defending against Strom's magic, I shouted for the others to attack Strom.

Upon hearing my voice, everyone rushed past me and simultaneously released their magic towards Strom.

This included Miranda, who used magical tools to cast spells. A total of twelve spells were headed for Strom.

However, Strom, without any surprise or confusion, dodged and completely blocked the magic with a magical barrier.

"Tch! I can't even give him a scratch with this simultaneous barrage!"

"Hahaha! Excellent! Truly excellent, Ultimate Magicians!"

In contrast to Augustus's frustrated voice, Strom's voice sounded very joyful.

"A battle that determines the fate of humanity should be nothing less than exciting like this. Now, struggle more! Struggle and struggle until you can't protect anything and die miserably!"

"We won't let you make that happen!"

Having successfully defended against Strom's magic, I immediately dispelled the magical barrier and unleashed a targeted explosive magic, which had become one of my main spells recently.

"Mu! Ooh!"

Strom managed to block it as well, but that was expected.

I immediately cast the next spell.

"Take this!"

I dug out the earth in a conical shape at my feet and gave it a spinning motion. Then, I used compressed air to propel it.

"What is that! Ugh!"

Strom, who had been defending against my magic with a magical barrier, quickly discerned the nature of my next spell and evaded the stone projectile through evasive actions rather than relying on his barrier for defense.

"I see... a physical attack that can't be blocked by a magical barrier. Quite clever."

"It would have been easier if you had just fallen for it."

"Oh my, that wouldn't be any fun, now would it?"

Strom said this and cast a spell towards us.

This time, it wasn't a widespread magic that enveloped everyone but a magic aimed at each individual.

Although the power was significantly reduced due to the distribution, it was considerably less potent than the initial spell.

With all of us working together, we should be able to defend against this...

"Scream!!"

"Miranda!?"

Even though Miranda couldn't use magic, she should have activated magical items with defensive spells attached.

However, it seemed that Strom's magic surpassed the defensive capabilities of those magical items, as Miranda was blown away.

"Cecily!"

"Yes!"

It didn't appear to be a fatal injury, but Miranda had taken damage that left her unable to move immediately. I asked Cecily to heal her.

But...

"I won't let you go."

Strom directed a magic of similar magnitude as the first one towards Cecily.

"Cecily!"

I quickly opened a gate, similar to what Olivia used earlier, and stood in front of Cecily, deploying a magical barrier.

"Guh... Uoohhh!"

"Shin-kun!"

"Just go!"

"Alright!"

Cecily called out to me as I managed to successfully block the magic, but I couldn't miss this opportunity.

I immediately instructed Cecily to go to Miranda, and she promptly followed my command.

"Oh, did you fail to finish her off?"

Strom's voice contained a sense of enjoyment.

His demeanor made it seem as if he had just missed a minor hunting opportunity.

"You..."

Feeling annoyed by Strom's attitude, I seized the chance and cast a spell.

"Hmph!"

It was a mixed magic of fire and wind.

A flaming tornado.

"Whoops!"

It was a tremendously high-temperature fire tornado, but Strom casually defended against it with a magical barrier.

"Your Highness Augustus, you're quite remarkable. Your power truly exceeds that of a regular human."

"I'm deeply honored by your praise!"

While responding to Strom's taunts, Augustus continued to cast another spell.

This time, it was the same spell that I had demonstrated earlier, a magic that fired a stone projectile.

"Oh, whoops! Your Highness can use it too! But I've seen this spell already!"

I admired Augustus's skill in replicating my spell so quickly. However, Strom, who had seen my version, deployed a physical barrier rather than a magical one, blocking the stone projectile.

At that moment...

"Haah!"

"Uoohhh!"

Thor and Julius, understanding Augustus's intent, immediately cast magic at Strom.

"Muh! Uoohhh!"

Strom, who had only erected a physical barrier, took a direct hit from their magic.

...Or so it seemed.

"That was close."

Strom simultaneously deployed a magical barrier and successfully blocked Thor and Julius's magic.

"Dual activation..."

"I see, so Strom can do it too."

Thor and Julius, whose magic was blocked, looked frustrated as they observed Strom's barrier.

"Hehehe... Did you think I, Strom, couldn't perform simultaneous spellcasting when even His Highness Augustus, a mere human, can?!"

Strom said this and then showcased different magic in each of his hands.

"Shin Walford-kun and His Highness Augustus' magic were very informative. As a token of my appreciation, allow me to return the favor!"

A flame magic in his right hand and a wind magic in his left.

When Strom combined them, he created a massive flaming tornado.

"Hahaha! Burn to a crisp!"

Being a demon, Strom's magical power was vastly superior even compared to Augustus.

The flaming tornado created by Strom significantly exceeded the one cast by Augustus.

"Everyone! Erect your magical barriers with full strength!"

I shouted loudly to everyone and faced the massive flaming tornado.

"Shin?! What are you doing?!"

"We have to do something about this! If we don't, we'll all get roasted!"

A tornado of this size, even if we manage to block it, would leave behind a considerable amount of heat. We wouldn't be able to fight properly if that happened.

We had to avoid it!

"Uoohhh!"

Facing the enormous flaming tornado, I chose to use a regular wind tornado magic.

"Haha! Do you really think you can counter this with such a spell?!"

Strom laughed derisively when he saw my choice.

But my tornado had a certain mechanism.

My tornado and Strom's flaming tornado clashed.

My tornado was swallowed by the flaming tornado and vanished...

Or so it seemed.

"What?! What's happening?!" Strom exclaimed in disbelief.

Because Strom's released flaming tornado gradually diminished in size.

"You idiot?! Just a tornado? Why?!"

"It's because my tornado is a special make!"

Usually, when using wind magic, you'd utilize the surrounding air as is.

However, I created the tornado without using that air.

I used carbon dioxide instead.

A flaming tornado grows larger by continuously drawing in the surrounding air, primarily oxygen, due to the updraft.

But what if it was carbon dioxide being drawn in instead of oxygen?

The flame wouldn't be able to maintain its form, and shrinking would be inevitable.

"Grr! Some suspicious magic!!"

"I don't want to hear that from you either!"

Against Strom, who was rude despite being a demon, I cast a specific magic.

"Oh! Is it this again? You really haven't progressed!"

I cast magic that shot stakes made of earth up from Strom's feet.

I had used this magic previously to lift Strom into the air at the training grounds of the Security Corps.

Naturally, Strom avoided the magic by jumping into the air.

And, as expected, Strom came to a halt in mid-air.

"Now!"

It was the plan we had discussed beforehand: to immobilize Strom in mid-air.

To achieve that, I used the same magic as last time.

Everyone immediately understood my intention and cast their magic simultaneously.

"Grr! Did you anticipate this? But with such weak magic, you won't even give me a scratch!"

This attack included everyone, including Miranda, who had been healed by Sicily. Unfortunately, Strom easily blocked their combined attack.

And for good reason.

"Hmm? Grr! Th-this is...?"

None of them were firing at maximum power; instead, they deliberately reduced their magical output. The purpose was to fire their magic in quick succession to keep Strom pinned in mid-air.

Although each individual attack didn't have much power, the unexpectedly large number of attacks led to an astonished response from Strom.

"Now!"

I began gathering as much magical power as I could control.

"Shin Walford!! You!!"

Strom noticed this, but the barrage of magic from everyone wouldn't stop.

The situation was set where I couldn't be interfered with. While everyone was restraining Strom, my control over magic was complete.

"...Are you really sure this is okay!?" Maria, who was attacking Strom with the gathered magical power, expressed doubts.

I wanted to say it's okay, but if I lose focus now, the magical power would disperse.

"Grr! This is so annoying!!"

Strom struggled desperately to prevent me from activating magic, but the barrage of magic attacks from everyone didn't cease.

Being in mid-air, Strom was unable to dodge, and his defense with magical barriers was at its limit.

This might work!

Thinking that, I prepared to begin chanting.

At that moment, a figure suddenly leaped onto the line of fire between Strom and me.

That figure was...

"Miria!?"

Miria had appeared, tearfully pleading with me to stop Strom.

"I'm sorry! I don't want Strom-sama to die, after all!"

Miria's sudden intrusion surprised me, and I ended up dispersing the magical power I had gathered.

Damn it!

Was her earlier words just to make us lower our guard!?

Thinking this, I was about to shout when...

"As expected of Miria-san. A nice follow-up."

Strom said that and cast a spell.

Miria's body had hidden it, and I couldn't defend or dodge. A laser-like magic struck my right shoulder.

"Aaah!!"

"Shin-kun!!"

For the first time in my life, a deep cry escaped me because of a severe wound.

Seeing me like that, Sicily ran toward me.

Enduring the intense pain, I surveyed the surroundings.

It seemed everyone was shocked by Miria's sudden interference and had involuntarily stopped casting magic.

Strom had seized the opportunity.

But I couldn't see Strom's attack.

Why?

I thought about it, and the answer became clear.

"...Strom...-sama..."

Miria's body fell in front of me.

Her body...

"No way... Miria... with her..."

In the middle of her chest, at what appeared to be a fatal wound, there was a large hole.