a database schema
for an online merch store

For a moment, I thought it looked easy and nice.

But...

"Hmm... It's kind of... complicated," I said while being dominated by mixed emotions.

Seeing my demeanor, Sicily chuckled and spoke on my behalf, "Certainly, there are many difficult moments, but when I see Silver smiling happily, I can't help but think, 'Oh, it was worth the effort.'"

"Yeah, that's right! That's also the joy of being a parent!"

Parenting is tough, but the sense of accomplishment is unmatched.

"I see. Aug, you won't be able to experience such a feeling. That's a shame."

"Hmm."

Oh, Aug seems to be feeling frustrated about something.

Ah, it feels good to win against Aug!

"Well... it's true that I may not experience that kind of accomplishment, but thinking about the future, it might be just fine."

"Huh?"

Did he just back down so easily?

Why?

"Last year, after you took in Silvesta... you were like ghosts."

He backed down, and now he's looking at us with pity in his eyes!? Why?

"Oh yeah, that's right. You two were a mess last year."

"Yeah, he was crying so much at night, and you couldn't get any sleep..."

"Ugh..."

As Yuri and Olivia mentioned, last year, whenever Silvesta cried, we were woken up and couldn't get a good night's sleep.

Even thinking about it now makes me cringe.

"But, Lord Shin's house has servants, doesn't it? You're an adopted child, and it's not like you were breastfeeding. Couldn't you have left it to the servants?"

As Thorl pointed out, Silvesta wasn't Shicily's biological child. Since Shicily wasn't pregnant, she couldn't breastfeed, so Silvesta was raised on formula milk.

...In this world, powdered milk was readily available.

So, it didn't have to be Shicily who fed Silver at night.

"That's not allowed! I'm his mother, so I have to take care of him!"

Well, that's the reason.

Shicily is from a noble family but married into the commoner Wolforde family.

...Well, we're a bit special, so we have a lot of servants, but our status is that of commoners.

Furthermore, Silver was entrusted directly to Shicily by Milia.

Inside Shicily's heart, she must have made the decision to raise Silver with her own responsibility.

So, while we get the minimum support, she wants to take care of things as much as possible by herself.

"In the end, aren't you taking on too much hardship by yourself? I don't have time for such things... No, I won't have time for it."

"Won't have time for it... What's with that prediction?"

When I said that, Aug gave me a piercing look.

"What? What's wrong?"

"As I think about the disturbances you all will cause from now on... I'm already getting a headache."

"What are you talking about? What disturbances are we going to cause?"

In response to my words, Aug let out a very deep sigh.

"The Ultimate Magicians will become an organization from now on."

"Yeah, I know that."

"Until now, we've considered our status as students and only accepted requests in emergencies."

"Oh, I see."

"But without the student status, as an organization, it won't be that simple."

"So, what's the big deal with that?"

"When it comes to resolving incoming requests, the need to dispatch personnel individually will increase."

Oh...

Does that mean...

"Well, there shouldn't be any major problems, but..."

"I made it in time!"

In the middle of Aug's statement, Alice burst out of a gate.

She must have rushed to get dressed; her clothes were disheveled.

"Your tie is crooked."

"Ah, thanks, Lynn."

Aug, looking at Alice and Lynn as they adjusted her clothes, continued, "I'm worried about you, Corner and Hughes..."

"Of course! I'll do my best!"

"Your Highness, that's unfair. Walforde and Alice are one thing, but I am not a problem."

Lynn and I protested to Aug.

However...

"Can I trust you? Think back on your past actions!"

Aug scolded us harshly.

I looked around, thinking it couldn't be that bad, but everyone was wearing wry smiles.

Seriously...

I didn't realize he had so little trust in us...

Lynn and I felt downhearted.

Everyone chuckled.

And then...

"Huh? What's going on?"

Alice, who didn't know the context of the conversation, wore a puzzled expression.

Damn it...