
2 / 2

The first time I met Sicily was not at the academy, but in the royal capital.

It all began when I helped her out of a jam with some delinquent hunters in the city.

If it weren't for that proposal from Mr. Dis, maybe Sicily and I would have never crossed paths.

"Yeah, meeting Sicily was the reason I decided to go to the academy. When I think about it, I'm really glad I chose to go there," I said, smiling at Sicily, who was by my side.

"Shin..."

"Sicily..."

Our faces drew closer...

"Papa, Mama, kiss?"

"What!?"

Just when Sicily and I were about to kiss, we heard Silver's innocent voice.

Close call! There were more people here than just Silver!

"Silver, do you always see these two being lovey-dovey in front of you?" asked someone.

"Eh, well..."

"Oh, ah..."

Silver's words caught Grandma's sharp senses, and she quickly caught on.

But what can you do? When Sicily and I are together, it's hard not to feel happy.

"Well, well, it's a good thing when the parents get along. You might be seeing Silver's little brother or sister soon," Grandma said, her tone more lighthearted than the previous lectures on time and place.

In fact, ever since Grandma got married, she hasn't said much about these things. Instead, she smiles when she sees Sicily and me being affectionate.

"By the way, since you're graduating from the academy today..."

Oh no, Grandma's grinning again.

"Well, do your best!"

"Yes!"

"Wait, Sicily..."

"Huh?"

That "do your best" from Grandma means "do your best in making babies," you know?

If you respond so energetically, it's like declaring you'll be trying to make babies starting today.

"Uh, um..."

Realizing the implications of her words, Sicily turned beet red and shrank back shyly.

Even though she's already married and a wife, why is she so cute?

Was this response better or worse?
Better
Worse
Same

After we all admired Sicily's charming gestures, the graduation celebration dinner finally began.

However, it was still a dinner table with young children around. While we were sharing our memories from the academy, Silver tried to grab and eat dishes that he couldn't handle, causing a bit of chaos. He started fussing, and Sicily had to pick him up, so the dinner revolved around Silver as usual.

And when Silver began to doze off and Sicily went to put him to sleep, the celebratory gathering came to an end.

"It's lively with kids around, isn't it?" Grandpa said.

"Yes, it really is," Grandma replied.

As they watched Sicily go to put Silver to sleep, they both spoke with a touch of nostalgia, thinking about their past.

"Now, Shin," Grandma called out to me as I saw off Sicily.

"Yes, Grandma?"

"With this, your carefree student days come to an end."

"I understand."

"Do you really? From now on, you'll be living as a working adult. You'll have to take responsibility for all your actions. You won't have Disum or His Highness to shield you like before."

"I understand that too," I replied.

Even before I was reincarnated into this world, I had been a responsible adult. But Grandma didn't seem entirely convinced and let out a sigh, saying, "Listen, everything you do from now on, Silver will be watching. Make sure he doesn't think his father is just an embarrassing troublemaker. Show more restraint."

"Y-yes..."

I realized... Silver would turn two soon. We hadn't checked his exact birthday, so we decided to make it the day when Strom declared war on us. That day was approaching.

Silver would continue to grow, his own personality developing. He would be looking up to me, learning from my actions.

"...It's a great responsibility," I muttered.

"Exactly... Only now you realize it? Even though you're a husband and father, you're quite the late bloomer," Grandma teased.

"Well, you don't have to rub it in. Shin is still only eighteen. In the eyes of the world, he's still a child," Grandpa chimed in.

When Grandpa said that, Grandma gave him a sharp look.

"You're not a child anymore just because you have a wife and child! And you, always acting like a child... You have no idea how embarrassing it was for Sylene and me, right!?"

"Well, we don't need to talk about that right now..."

"You two... honestly, you look so alike, I'm starting to doubt if you're even blood-related!"

"Haha..."

Both Grandpa and I could only respond with wry smiles to Grandma's words.

As we were having this exchange, Sicily came downstairs after putting Silver to bed.

"What were you talking about?"

"Oh, we were just saying that our men here never grow up," Grandma replied.

"Well, that's true. But I think it's lovely that Shin-kun never forgets his boyish charm."

"Yeah, you really spoil Shin, huh?"

"Do I? I think it's nice that he keeps a bit of his boyishness, but it wouldn't be good if a child's father stayed a child forever."

Child... I'm already eighteen, and I'm taking care of Silver...

"No, I do have a sense of responsibility as an adult..."

"After all the commotion at the graduation ceremony?"

"Uh..."

No, that was... um...

As I struggled to explain, Grandma let out a deep sigh.

"Ah... I see. You're still lacking in self-awareness."

"Self-awareness?"

"Yes, becoming a parent is not something that happens overnight. It's not just about finding out you have a child. During the pregnancy, you gradually develop the self-awareness and determination to become a parent."

"That makes sense."

"Well, just because a child is born, it doesn't mean you become a parent immediately. It's a gradual process where you grow alongside your child. But, in your case, you seem to be missing that foundation."

"Foundation?"

"I appreciate your decision to take in that child and the effort you're putting into raising him. But your continued childlike behavior suggests that you may lack the self-awareness and determination required."

"That might be true..."

"Shin-kun..."

After we took in Silver, I was so focused on raising him that I never really thought about growing as a parent myself.

We used to fool around and act like students all the time...

"...As Grandma said, I lacked self-awareness."

"It's easy to say with words, but that self-awareness doesn't come overnight."

"S-So, what should I do then?"

Desperately looking to Grandma for advice, she...

Smiled mischievously. Huh?

"Didn't I just say that earlier? Make a child right away. As Sicily's belly grows, your self-awareness will naturally develop."

"What?!"

"Uh..."

What the heck! After lecturing us so much, was that all she wanted to say?

"Well then, it's about time for the old folks to go to bed."

"Indeed."

"Shin, Sicily."

"What is it?"

"Yes?"

As we headed towards our bedroom, Grandma turned around with that same mischievous smile.

"Make sure you don't stay up too late."

"Come on, Grandma!"

"Granny!"

"Haha. I'm looking forward to my second great-grandchild," Grandma said, giggling, as she entered her bedroom.

Left behind, we...

"..."

"..."

It's embarrassing!

If we go to our bedroom in this atmosphere, it's practically like announcing, "We're going to make a baby now!"

The servants must have sensed the atmosphere because their looks feel unusually warm.

Damn it, Grandma!

"Uh... Should we go to sleep, too?"

"Y-Yeah! That's a good idea!"

"Huh? Are you going to sleep now?"

Oh no!

We chose our words so carefully, but it seems like we're being teased! With our future actions so transparent, it's incredibly embarrassing.

"Uh..."

Sicily seems to be paralyzed with embarrassment.

What should we do...

Just then...

Ring, ring, ring!

Ring, ring, ring!

"...A call?"

"At this time?"

It's already bedtime.

At such a late hour, my wireless communication device started ringing.

The embarrassing atmosphere from earlier suddenly shifted, and Sicily and I exchanged glances.

"Who could it be?"

"I guess it's better to answer, right?"

"Yeah."

We'll find out once we answer it.

Thinking so, I pressed the receive button, and on the other end of the communication device, I heard a very panicked voice of Aug.

"Shin! Are you in the bedroom already!?"

What's that? I don't understand.

"I was just about to head there," I replied honestly, even though I didn't understand the meaning.

Aug let out an audible sigh of relief.

"I see... I made it in time."

"Made it in time for what?"

I still really didn't understand.

However, the next words Aug spoke were even more incomprehensible.

"Sorry, but can you postpone making a child for a while?"nd activities
for a team-building day with remote employees