

In response to the sudden conversation initiated by Oug, Sicily also chuckled.

Of course, it makes sense.

Up until now, they had intentionally avoided discussing their marital relations. After all, that was a completely private matter, and not an easy topic to broach.

Today, the topic of children came up because of the graduation from the academy, but they usually didn't delve into such matters. Well, we can't really speak for the other couples.

Women, on the other hand, seem to talk quite openly about such things.

So, when Oug began meddling in our marriage, it must be a rather urgent matter.

"His Highness seemed quite agitated... do you know why?" Sicily also seemed curious.

When Oug, who is usually calm and composed, gets flustered, it usually means something troublesome is happening. Like when he let a demon escape during the campaign to conquer the Demon Realm.

"Ah... I hope it's not something troublesome."

"Yes, let's hope not."

"So, what should we do after this?"

"Oh, well, I mean... we just finished dinner not too long ago, and the atmosphere changed a bit after Oug's interference, so I was wondering what to do next."

They certainly didn't expect a response related to their nightly activities.

"Oh... I, um..."

Misinterpreting the meaning of the words, Sicily blushed and looked down.

Ah, seriously.

Even though she's a wife and a mother now, why is Sicily still so cute?

"Huh? Eek! Sh-Shin-kun?"

With that cute face, it was impossible to resist. He swept Sicily up in his arms and headed towards the bedroom.

"Sicily. Let's go to sleep now."

"Oh... y-yes..."

Saying that, they entered the bedroom, and it was a while before they fell asleep.

On Sicily's chest, the pendant shone brightly.

The next morning, Shin and Sicily went to Oug's room through the gate.

"You've come. Sorry for summoning you."

"No, something must have happened, right? We don't mind."

Oug, who had been waiting in the room, immediately apologized upon greeting us, and I conveyed that we weren't bothered by it.

Given the urgency of the situation that seemed to have Oug flustered, I thought it wasn't the right time to complain about our feelings.

"Good morning, Wolforde."

"Hey, Mark. Good morning."

After exchanging greetings with Oug, Mark started a conversation. In fact, everyone from the Ultimate Magicians was in this room.

"Wolforde, did you receive a communication last night too?"

"Yeah, right after dinner."

"I wonder what's going on? To suddenly come to the royal castle like this."

"Well, I suppose we'll be explained that shortly... Hey, Mark, did Oug say anything else to you?"

Mark and Olivia are also planning to get married right after graduation. They're currently busy with wedding preparations. In Mark's case, unlike us, the issue of whether they'll have children is quite pressing, as he's the heir to the Bean Workshop. So, it's highly likely they were eager to start a family. Therefore, I assumed he'd also received orders to stop making babies, just like me.

"Anyone else? No, he didn't say anything to me."

"Huh? Really?"

"Yes."

What's going on here?

"Tony."

Tony is also planning to get married right after graduation, so I decided to ask him as well.

"Yeah? What's up?"

"Tony, apart from being told to come to the royal castle today, did Oug say anything else to you?"

"No? Nothing in particular."

Tony too.

Well, Tony's girlfriend, Lilia, isn't one of the Ultimate Magicians, and it seems she's set to join the General Affairs Department, so they might not have immediate plans to have children. Even so, why only us, or rather, just Sicily?

As I pondered this question, Oug called out to everyone.

"Now that everyone is here, well... hey."

Oug said this, and the room's door opened, and the maids brought clothes.

"First, please change into these."

Following Oug's instructions, the men and women split up to change.

"Hey, what's all this?"

"It's the new uniform for the Ultimate Magicians. Until now, we've managed with our combat attire, but that won't do anymore. You can't go to meetings with clients in combat gear."

"Oh, I see."

Even knights don't wear armor all the time. When they're doing paperwork or waiting, they wear uniforms. It's the same idea.

The uniforms Oug provided are similar in color to our previous combat attire but feel a bit tighter. Ties are also included. When we put on the complete uniform, it feels like a ceremonial military outfit. It looks pretty cool.

"These haven't been enchanted yet, so sorry, but could you enchant them later?"

"Yeah, understood."

Since Oug provided them, they're probably made from pretty good materials. It seems like all the enchantments from our previous attire will work. After changing and returning to the room, it appeared that the women had just finished changing in another room.

"Wow, you look great. You give off a mature woman vibe."

"Do I? It feels a bit embarrassing, though."

When I commented on how well the women looked in their uniforms, Maria, who looked the best in it, blushed and said that. The women's uniforms had the same upper half as the men's, but the lower half consisted of knee-length skirts and boots that went up to just above the ankles. By the way, the men wore slacks and leather shoes. Maria, who's usually strong-willed, gave off the vibe of a female military officer in this uniform. Sicily, on the other hand, had the aura of a kind-hearted rear support sister. This is great! Olivia looked more like someone from the administrative side. Even so, she has the ability to defeat a demon on her own. Yuri, on the other hand... She was quite alluring since she was about fifteen or sixteen, but now that she's eighteen, she exudes adult charm. When Yuri wears the uniform... Yeah. It's as if you've walked into a certain type of shop. Her personality is gentle, and she has nothing to do with sensuality... As I was observing the women, Alice and Lynn approached with pride.

"Nice, right? Looks like we can handle the job."

"Now's the time to reconsider."

Since Oug provided the uniforms, the sizes fit us perfectly. That, of course, also applied to Alice and Lynn.

That's what it should be, but...

However you look at it...

"Yeah, well... it suits... hahaha!"

"Why are you laughing!?"

"It's embarrassing."

"I'm sorry... I mean, it just looks like a high school student's job shadowing outfit..."

"You're calling a 18-year-old a high school student?!?"

"I'll turn 19 soon."

"I can't believe that!"

Alice and Lynn have earlier birthdays than anyone here. It's March now, so next month, both of them will turn 19. ...It sounds unbelievable, right? They're already turning 19?

"You two, cut the playfulness. If you're ready, let's go."

As I was making noise with Alice and Lynn, Oug interjected.

"You've never been to the place we're going to, so we'll use my Gate."

Saying so, Oug opened the Gate himself.

A place we've never been to?

"Where is that?"

"Come to think of it, I haven't mentioned it yet."

While saying that, Oug passed through the Gate. We hurriedly followed. And when we emerged from the Gate, we found ourselves in a room in some building. However, it was clear that it wasn't Arlsheid. Because...

"What?! Is this what it's like! It's so tall, I wanna win!"

"Nah, that's way too expensive, man. I'm barely making ends meet as it is!"

"That's where a merchant comes in! Negotiate, you know?"

"What's that supposed to mean?! You're just making unreasonable demands!"

"Oh! You wanna go at it?!"

"Alright! Let's do this!"

We heard this commotion from outside the window. Moreover, similar exchanges were audible all around.

This might be...

"Oug, is this...?"

Well, I thought there was no need to ask again, but I wanted to confirm.

"Yeah. As you guessed, this is the Els Free Commercial Federation."

I knew it.