

The flying ship, powered by levitation magic, slowly ascended.

Soon, it surpassed the height of the surrounding thresholds, revealing itself to the people in Els' capital city.

Faces of the citizens, filled with astonishment, could be seen through the thick glass windows. Some were wide-eyed in amazement, others were in a hurry and panic - a variety of expressions.

The flying ship continued to rise, and when the people below had become as small as sesame seeds, magic energy was channeled into a lever at a position similar to the side brake in a car.

As a result, air was ejected from magical devices attached to the wings, and the flying ship began to move forward.

"Oh, wow! This is amazing! I can see mountains so far below!"

Aron exclaimed, looking down from the window in excitement.

Even though Els' important figures were present, they seemed too astonished to speak.

As for our Ultimate Magicians...

"Well, it's quite comfortable not having wind resistance."

"That's right. Even with the reduction from our clothing enchantments, enduring the constant wind is still tiring."

Maria and Yuri expressed their comfort compared to flying without the flying ship, and other women agreed.

Hearing this, Mark offered a counterargument.

"No, no, what are you saying, Maria, Yuri? Feeling the wind is a good thing, isn't it?"

This time, the male members sided with Mark's argument.

Somehow, a trivial argument had started.

"Hey, can you guys not argue back there?"

Currently, I'm focusing on piloting, so I said that while looking ahead. Immediately, Maria retorted.

"But, of course! It's more comfortable when you're moving!"

Well, that might be true, but whether you're flying through the air with your own body or with a flying ship, both have their charms, so there's no need for this debate.

Despite the presence of Els' important figures, our team was engaged in a meaningless discussion.

Really, what am I going to do?

I was contemplating this when Sisily, holding Silver, came to the pilot's seat.

"Papa."

"Hmm? What's up?"

Silver reached out from Sisily's arms towards me, but because I was currently piloting, I just turned my face to respond.

"Shin, aren't you spoiling Silver too much!?"

"That's right. Papa does everything to make Silver happy."

In response to Alice's exclamation, Sisily replied, looking troubled.

Huh? It seems like I've turned into a wife who's worried that her husband is spoiling the child.

...Oh well.

"Eh? It's not like that at all. I'm just doing things that make Silver happy."

"Isn't that what spoiling means?"

"That's right, Maria. The other day, he even called it a 'sky walk'..."

Sisily exposed, and Grandma was quick to latch onto it.

"Shin! You did something like that?"

"Eh? Was it not okay?"

"Of course not! What would you do if you dropped him?"

"It's okay. I've securely fastened us with a belt."

"That's not the issue at all!"

Is that so?

I mean, I've created something like a baby carrier from my previous life, so I've securely fixed both Silver and me. Besides, Silver seems to really enjoy flying like this. Right now, he's not taking his eyes off the front glass.

"Sigh... I guess it's your fault that Silver isn't bothered."

"What can I say... Silver is turning out to be quite an amazing kid..."

Og and Olivia mentioned something like that.

Olivia is about to marry Mark soon, so maybe she's interested in children? While thinking about that, Silver looked up at me with a somewhat sad expression.

"Papa..."

Oh, well, the control stick still isn't moving at all, so I got impatient.

I can't help it.

"Alright, then, I'm going to do a turning test, so hold on."

I said to everyone behind me and spoke to Silver.

"Okay, Silver, this time it's going to be a little different than before."

"Huh?"

"Here we go."

"Alright!"

Silver tilted his head at my first words, but he responded firmly to my signal.

Oh, he's so cute.

"Haa, so cute..."

Sisily was also taken in by Silver's cuteness, sitting next to me.

"Like father, like son..."

I could hear Lynn's voice from the back, but wouldn't everyone react like this in the face of Silver's cuteness?

While thinking this, I turned the control stick slightly to the left.

As a result, the wing flaps moved, and the flying ship tilted to the left and began to turn.

"Yeah, it's working properly. Now, let's try the opposite direction."

"Okay!"

This time, when I turned the control stick to the right, the flying ship also turned to the right.

"No issues here. The only thing left is the question of strength, but we won't know until we've flown a certain distance."

"In that case, Shin, how about flying to Arlside?"

"Yeah, that's a good idea. Let's do that."

And so, we decided to conduct a test flight to Arlside.

During the flight, when we passed over the skies of the former Demon Territory, we could see the city that was under reconstruction.

It was too small to make out the details, but it seemed to be gradually recovering.

Many people wanted to move there, and it felt like things were moving forward properly.

Then, the flying ship approached the airspace above the former Demon Capital.

This area was still untouched.

The imperial city where we last battled with Strom was left semi-destroyed.

In a corner of that place was the grave where Silver's true mother, Miria, was buried.

Since Strom, Silver's father, had disappeared and left no remains, I looked at Silver with mixed feelings.

Naturally, Silver, who couldn't remember any of this, showed no interest in the Demon Capital or the imperial city. He seemed to have gotten tired of the long flight and had fallen asleep.

That somehow made me feel a little sad.

"Shin, I'll take care of Silver, okay?"

"Eh? Oh, yeah."

As I watched Silver with mixed emotions, Sisily spoke up.

She held Silver, who seemed about to fall asleep, in her arms and hugged him tightly.

"Mom..."

"Yes... Mom is right here."

"Mmm..."

After saying that, Silver fell into a deep sleep.

As I watched Silver sleeping, Sisily's expression showed the same complex emotions that I felt.

"Shin..."

"Hmm?"

"Someday... will we tell Silver the truth?"

I contemplated the true nature of that truth.

The truth that Silver's parents were once enemies of humanity as demons.

Should we... tell him?

"No, let's not. We'll tell Silver the version of the story that's widely known in the world."

"Yes... you're right."

After saying that, Sisily fell silent.

We know the truth about Silver's real parents.

However, we can clearly see that if we were to tell him, it would only cause Silver to suffer.

I don't want to do that, and I believe Sisily feels the same way.

But...

"At the very least, I want to let him visit Miria's grave..."

When I said that, Sisily looked startled.

"Yes, that's a good idea. At least that much..."

Fortunately, or perhaps unfortunately, the location of the former Demon Capital is now part of Arlside's territory.

I should probably discuss this with Oug... no, with Uncle Dis.

As we flew through the former Demon Territory and approached the airspace above Arlside's capital, I was pondering these things.