content strategy
for a newsletter featuring free local weekend events

"Hmm, it seems that Haoh might be held responsible for this incident."

"Yes."

Under Shaolin's guidance, while moving to the next village, Mark heard about the conversation at the Yuukou Palace.

It seems that the responsibility for the recent mass emergence of dragons is likely to fall on Haoh, who proposed legislation to protect dragons.

Well, that makes sense. The legislation was supposed to protect dragons because their population was dwindling, but they suddenly started to multiply in just two years. There's a high probability that the population survey report of the dragons attached during the legislation's proposal was falsified.

In fact, according to Shaolin, it's undoubtedly a false report.

"But still... one would think that this could have been foreseen. Why would he propose such legislation again?"

When I said that, everyone around me nodded.

Unlike us, who are not well-versed in politics like Aug and Thor, Julius, it's hard to believe that Haoh, who seems to hold a high position among the bureaucrats in this country, didn't understand something that even we could comprehend.

As I pondered what might be going on, Shaolin spoke up.

"I've heard some rumors about Haoh regarding that matter."

"Rumors?"

"Yes."

I wonder what it's about. Is it related to this incident?

"Hmm, Shaolin, may I ask about these rumors?"

"Yes, Your Highness. The rumor is that Haoh conducted a personal excavation of ancient ruins and obtained a very powerful weapon."

"Oh..."

Upon hearing Shaolin's words, Aug narrowed his eyes.

"However, why is it just a rumor? Hasn't it been verified?"

"In Kuanglong, there is an obligation to report any weapons discovered during archaeological excavations to the state. But..."

"And the weapon Haoh supposedly discovered wasn't reported?"

"Yes. So it's just a rumor..."

"Even though the information didn't leak from anywhere?"

"It's not that the information leaked."

Huh? If the information didn't leak, why is it just a rumor?

"What do you mean? Why would it become a rumor if the information didn't leak?"

I couldn't make sense of it and inadvertently interrupted the conversation between Aug and Shaolin.

"It seems that someone witnessed secret deliveries of packages to Haoh's mansion, and that's how the rumors started."

Well, if someone witnessed a scene like that, they would naturally become suspicious.

However, if it was perceived as being delivered secretly from an onlooker's perspective...

"Were those packages quite large?"

"It seems so. That's why rumors started speculating that it might be a powerful weapon."

I see.

"I see. If those rumors are true, it suggests that this legislation was proposed because of the presence of that weapon."

"What do you mean, Your Highness?"

I understood, but it seems Alice didn't, so she asked Aug.

"In other words, he probably intended to secretly thin out the dragon population using that weapon even if they increased to some extent. That's why he proposed this seemingly reckless legislation. But..."

"In the end, the mass emergence of dragons happened, and Haoh couldn't handle it in time."

Thor added to Aug's explanation.

Upon hearing this explanation, Alice looked bewildered.

"Ugh... Isn't he incredibly foolish?"

...If Alice says that, it must be pretty bad.

"Well, originally, some form of communication should have been in place. But it probably didn't work out as planned."

"Even so, leaving it unattended to this extent is unacceptable. He could have taken action or something along the way."

Maria expressed her dissatisfaction, but it probably wasn't possible.

"That would have been impossible. After all, he's the one who proposed the legislation."

"Oh, I see. The legislation that prohibits hunting dragons..."

"Exactly, he brought this upon himself."

Well, Haoh is reaping what he sowed.

"Anyway, Haoh is most likely going to fall from power for sure now. Once that happens, negotiations with Kuanglong should proceed smoothly."

"But, Your Highness, Mr. Naval warned that people like him can be stubborn and that we should be careful..."

Ah, right, Mark was accompanying Mr. Naval as part of his security detail.

If Mr. Naval said so, we should indeed be cautious.

But...

"Well, it should be fine, right?"

I said that to Mark, who seemed concerned.

"Shin is right. No need to worry."

Aug also chimed in, going along with my words.

"Why do you say that? To be honest, I don't think Haoh will fall so easily."

Shao Lin sounded anxious as she responded to Aug and me.

"Well, don't worry too much. We'll find out once we've visited all the villages."

"That's right. So, Shaolin, we're counting on you for the guidance."

"Very well..."

"Oh, and..."

Aug paused for a moment and stared at Shaolin.

"It would be appreciated if you could provide us with such information promptly from now on."

He said that in a chilling tone that sent shivers down my spine.

Oh, it seems Aug still didn't trust Shaolin completely.

That message seemed to have gotten across.

"Yes..."

Shaolin replied in a subdued voice, doing her best.

Lifan...

"Ugh..."

...kept her mouth shut. a fun fact
about the Roman Empire