 marketing strategies
for sunglasses for Gen Z and Millennials

"Phew... There are quite a few of them," Yuri muttered while storing the carnivorous dragons they had just defeated in an extradimensional storage.

Unlike Alice, who hardly encountered any carnivorous dragons, Yuri frequently crossed paths with them. Yuri would defeat these carnivorous dragons using self-made magical tools. While it meant less magical energy conversion to magic, it was still tiring.

They were overflowing with dragons to such an extent.

"Having this many so close to the village is quite surprising. If we had been a little later, it could have been dangerous," Yuri said while deploying a detection magic.

Soon, they sensed a powerful magical presence nearby.

"!!"

Yuri hastily looked in that direction.

"No dragons around..."

"Scream!"

Alice, who appeared to have unfocused eyes, muttered as she met Yuri.

"A-Al... Alice!?"

"Yuri... You didn't see any dragons...?"

"Huh? Dragons... There are plenty of them everywhere, you know?"

Yuri responded, and Alice looked around.

Then, she turned her head to look at Yuri.

"They're not here..."

She said with a resentful tone.

"Eek!?"

Yuri felt fear at her bizarre appearance and inadvertently screamed.

"W-What's wrong, Alice? Why are you so enthusiastic?"

"...Well, you see."

Alice told Yuri about the events that had just occurred. Hearing this, Yuri sighed heavily.

"Well, it's pretty obvious, isn't it? If they used herbivorous dragons as live bait to lure in carnivorous ones, I can't really argue with that."

"Well, in the end, it's true! But... it's the carnivorous ones that are at fault for fainting so easily!"

"So, why did you use an explosion spell to scare away herbivorous dragons in the first place?"

"Why... Well, you'd be surprised if an explosion happened nearby, right?"

"Well, I'd definitely be surprised."

"I did manage to let a few of them escape properly. They just didn't run in the intended direction..."

Upon hearing Alice's words, Yuri made a face of resignation and suggested an idea.

"In that case, how about trying it my way?"

"Your way?"

As mentioned to Alice, Yuri was devising various strategies.

Seeing this scene, Alice looked at Yuri with admiration.

"Yuri, that's amazing."

"Hehe. I'm not as skilled in magic as everyone else."

"But I see. If the goal is just to let them go, you don't need flashy magic, do you?"

"Maybe Alice can use her magic to encircle the dragons all at once?"

"That's a great idea!"

Feeling that thanks to Yuri, she wouldn't have to accumulate stress, Alice happily replied to Yuri.

"Now then. We need to get to the next village quickly. Should we do it again?"

"Sounds good."

The two of them deployed their detection magic once again to find the next dragon. They simultaneously detected a concentration of magical energy.

"Oh? If it's concentrated, does that mean it's herbivorous dragons?"

"Probably."

"Okay then. Let me do it next!"

"Hehe, sure."

Having seen Yuri's response earlier, Alice had come up with her own method for directing herbivorous dragons in any direction. Her method was the same as Shin's, using fire magic to encircle the herbivorous dragons. However, she couldn't try this method because...

"Hey, Yuri."

"What is it?"

"You said earlier that the ones gathered were herbivorous dragons, right?"

"I did."

"Well, this... doesn't this look like carnivorous dragons, no matter how you look at it?"

"Indeed."

What they saw in front of them were dragons significantly smaller than those they had seen before. However, their appearance closely resembled carnivorous dragons.

"Ah, maybe they hunt in packs because they have small bodies?"

"Seems likely."

"But hey."

"Yeah?"

"Aren't they all looking at us?"

"They sure are."

While Alice and Yuri had this conversation, the small carnivorous dragons had locked onto them.

Recognizing Yuri and Alice as prey, the dragons began to act.

There were dragons coming straight towards them and others that started to encircle them.

"Planning to encircle us, huh?"

"Heh, surprisingly clever, aren't they?"

"Could be their hunting instinct."

"Doesn't matter either way."

Saying this, Alice activated her magic.

This time, it was not about letting them go but about subduing them, so she cast her magic towards the dragons without hesitation.

Some of the dragons caught up in the released fire magic, but the small-bodied dragons were as agile as they appeared.

A few of them managed to dodge the magic.

"What?! They dodged!?"

Alice had thought that firing a big spell would be enough to end it, so she was surprised and momentarily stopped moving when this happened. The dragons seized the opportunity.

"Whoa!"

Panicking, Alice deployed her magic, but it was a close call whether she would make it in time. She even considered using her jet boots to escape into the air but heard a leisurely voice.

"Geez, if Walford-kun saw you in a situation like this, you'd get an earful."

Yuri said this and pulled out another wand from her holster, pointing it at the attacking dragon.

"Here we go."

Her shout was somewhat lackluster, but the magic that was released from the wand was the same fire magic as Alice's from earlier. However, Yuri's version was considerably smaller in scale compared to Alice's. This meant it had less power, but it had a shorter activation time and could be fired rapidly.

Numerous fireballs were launched from the wand by Yuri, without any specific aiming. Yuri's fireballs hit the incoming dragons one after another, gradually but surely wearing away their bodies.

In the end, a part of the dragon's body was reduced to mincemeat, and it was clearly lifeless.

"Ugh... gruesome..."

"Okay, over here, too."

Ignoring Alice's muttering, Yuri continued to fire magic from the tip of her wand while turning around. There were other dragons that had tried to encircle them, and these dragons also became prey to Yuri's magic.

This sight was likely to provoke comments like "Isn't that like machine gun strafing?" if Shin had seen it. Anyway, thanks to Yuri, all the attacking dragons had been defeated.

What remained was a somewhat unappealing scene.

"...I wonder if the leather is still usable?"

"Yeah... but we didn't have the luxury to worry about that."

Although it might seem relatively easy to hunt, they couldn't preserve the materials' value, so they didn't have that much leeway.

"Walford-kun would probably make a headshot even in a situation like this, though."

"No doubt."

It's purely speculative, but considering that he took down all the pterosaurs with headshots, I can assert without a doubt that he can do it.

"But anyway, did you have those wands as well?"

"The one I just used was for smaller enemies. Magic doesn't hit fast-moving targets."

"True."

"So, I've prepared various ones that can do rapid fire, or big ones that have more power."

Saying this, Yuri caressed the wands hanging from her holster.

"Wow, you're really well-prepared!"

Alice said admiringly, but Yuri's face, which was being praised, showed a wry smile.

"Still, you know, this idea was actually Walford-kun's."

"Shin's?"

"That's right. At first, I had all kinds of wands with different elemental properties like fire, water, and earth. But Walford-kun advised that it would be better to categorize them by purpose."

"Oh, I see."

Previously, during the Demon Lord War, Yuri had prepared powerful magic wands for each element. But from Shin's perspective, the difference in damage inflicted on the opponent wasn't significant between big spells of fire, earth, or wind. So, he advised that it would be more convenient to have one with significant power and use small magic like this or create defensive earth walls.

"I'd love to get a look inside Shin's head."

"I agree with that."

The being who had elevated them to the pinnacle of humanity. Using magic that no one had ever thought of, possessing the power to destroy the world seriously. Yuri had confirmed that during the battle against Strom.

Thinking about what Shin was always pondering, Alice said in a lighthearted tone, "Surprisingly, his past life memories might be packed with something."

Her expression was not serious; it was just a joke.

"Alright! Let's go find the next dragon!"

As proof of that, Alice immediately forgot her previous words and began deploying detection magic to search for dragons.

However, upon hearing Alice's words, Yuri...

"It might just be true."

She muttered with a very serious expression.

But Alice, who was focused on her detection magic, didn't hear her voice. business strategies
for transitioning from budget to luxury vs. luxury to budget