

I gazed at the cityscape, said to be the remains of a previous civilization, in total astonishment.

Collapsed buildings are scattered all around.

The ground is solid and paved.

This is asphalt.

It's not just tall skyscrapers; there are also buildings that are around five to ten stories high.

Some of these buildings have collapsed, while others are still standing.

And scattered here and there are cars.

Yes, cars.

Covered in metal plates and equipped with wheels, they are what I tried to build but couldn't make brakes for, so I gave up on them.

They are left abandoned everywhere.

I looked around in bewilderment.

The fact that there were tall buildings here suggests that this area used to be a business district.

I can't see anything resembling residences.

It's a collapsed business district where there is no sign of any other human presence except for us.

Looking at this scene, I felt like I was witnessing a world from a past life that had collapsed.

No, in reality, this is a collapsed world.

With that thought, I became very uneasy.

"...Kun. Shin-kun!"

"Huh!"

I was so engrossed in the scenery that resembled my past life but had crumbled that I didn't notice Sicily calling out to me.

"Oh, sorry, Sicily. I was spacing out a bit."

"I see... um, are you okay, Shin-kun?"

Apologizing for ignoring Sicily's call, she gave me a worried look.

"Okay with what?"

When I asked that, Sicily spoke with a concerned expression.

"Um... you seemed to have a pained expression."

"Huh..."

Just as she said that, voices came from a little distance away.

"Wow, this is incredible! What is this place?!"

"It's like a completely different world."

"You're right!"

Pure amazement in Alice's voice.

Lynn expressed that it felt like a completely different world, and Tony agreed with her.

Everyone couldn't hide their excitement at the sight of something they had never seen before.

Numerous massive structures stood as if they had pierced the earth in a space that looked like nothing they had ever seen before.

By that means, I became convinced that what had been spoken of so far only as speculation, that the previous civilization had collapsed, was indeed a fact.

And looking at the extent of the destruction, I could speculate that it was what created that.

It's a mass destruction weapon.

There's something called deterrence.

In rough terms, it's like saying, "We have such powerful weapons here, so don't attack us."

The reincarnators of the previous civilization must have thought that way when they created it.

But the operation is done by the people of this world.

They probably succumbed to the desire to use such powerful weapons and ended up using them.

And this is the result.

Seeing something like this, I'm sure there's no way Shaolin can create the magical tools she's concerned about.

Lost in thought like that, I noticed that Sicily was silently looking at me.

"Hmm? What is it?"

"Well, I thought you were lost in thought, so I was wondering what you were thinking."

"Oh, yeah. I was just wondering how a civilization that could create such an amazing city could have perished."

When I answered Sicily's question, Shaolin was the one to answer my question this time.

"It was probably because of a war."

It seems like even Quanrong agrees with that assessment.

Well, it's pretty obvious when you look at the buildings with parts gouged out.

"But I wonder how they managed to destroy this city," I said, and Shaolin began to speak with a serious expression.

"A few days' journey to the south of Elon, there is a large lake."

"Shaolin-san?"

A lake?

Why is she suddenly talking about that?

"Well, this lake is so large that you can't see the other side."

"Oh..."

Seriously, what kind of conversation is this? Well, I get it now.

"And this lake, when they measured it for map-making purposes..."

After pausing for a moment, Shaolin said this.

"It was almost perfectly circular."

"Huh!?"

"..."

Sicily was surprised, but I wasn't that shocked because I had already expected it.

"So, does that mean... the lake was artificially created!?"

Sicily exclaimed in shock.

It's rare for her to be so flustered, so she must have been really surprised.

"Likely, during the war in the previous civilization, incredibly powerful magic or weapons were used. Our country's scholars say that the depression formed at that time accumulated water and turned into a lake,"

Furthermore, the fact that it's perfectly circular...

"From the sky..."

When I said that, Shaolin's eyes widened.

"Yes, that's what the scholar said."

Judging from the level of development in this world, it wouldn't be surprising if they had airplanes.

A war where massive magic or mass destruction weapons rained down from the sky...

It sounds like hell.

And even though only the lake remains as a physical shape, if they were to investigate the terrain in detail, there might be quite a few areas with a mortar and pestle shape. But I won't say that.

"...I understand now, Lord Shin."

Oops, she's looking at me with suspicion again.

In that case, let's come up with an excuse that works in this world too.

"Shaolin-san mentioned it, didn't she?"

"Huh?"

"The lake being perfectly circular."

"Is that so?"

"When you cast a large-scale magic spell on the ground, it doesn't form a circle, but rather leaves a line or a fan-shaped mark."

In response to my words, Sicily nodded in agreement.

"Oh, I see."

"That? What about it?"

"Shin-kun once cast an incredible spell in the magic practice area we use. At that time, it left a line pointing towards the horizon."

When Sicily said that, Shaolin looked at me with a questioning expression.

"Well, let's put that aside. When you cast magic on the ground, that's what happens, and if you use such a powerful weapon on the ground, those who use it will also be affected. So the only option is attacks from the sky."

Hearing my conjecture, Shaolin let out a breath.

"That's amazing. It took our scholars years of debate to reach the conclusion, and you arrived at it immediately..."

Shaolin didn't seem surprised.

On the contrary, her gaze deepened with suspicion.

Huh?

Did I mess up?

As I panicked, Shaolin spoke with a serious expression.

"If you hear this story, you'll understand why I was wary of Lord Shin at the desert camp, right?"

"Well, yeah..."

In the western world where our country is located, there are no traces of such past events.

But it's different for Shaolin and the people of Quanrong.

In fact, they've seen the traces of a war that destroyed a world long ago.

It's not unreasonable for them to be cautious about me, who uses the same characters as the magical tools excavated from there.

"I've said this before, but I don't intend to create a scene like this."

When I said that, Shaolin looked complexed.

"Do you want me to believe that?"

"You have no choice but to believe it."

In response to those words, Shaolin fell silent.

She's probably conflicted about various things right now.

There's one best way to dispel Shaolin's concern.

But I hesitate to put that method into action.

The method is...

"Or... should I just kill me here and now?"

"!!"

"Shin-kun!?"

In response to my words, Shaolin looked at me with a surprised expression.

...Why did he come up with that idea?

Sicily is also surprised because I suddenly said something like that.

"I have the power to create this kind of scene. No matter how much I say I don't intend to use that power, you and I haven't known each other long enough for you to believe those words. So maybe it's better to... do it right now."

When I said that, Shaolin bit her lip and looked down.

"I can't... do something like that..."

"Why?"

When I said that, Shaolin lifted her face.

Her face seemed like she was about to cry.

"You... Lord Shin, you saved us... you cured my sister's illness, you brought down our enemy Hao and saved the company... You're our savior."

While on the verge of tears, Shaolin continued to speak with a trembling voice.

...No, tears were already welling up.

"To a savior like you! I can't raise a blade! But! But... I just can't shake this uneasiness."

After saying that, Shaolin covered her face with both hands and started sobbing.

"What should I do!? I don't want to doubt Lord Shin, who is our great savior! But... I just can't help but think..."

"Shaolin-san..."

She must have been agonizing over this for a long time.

Sicily looked at Shaolin with a compassionate gaze.

"Ugh... my emotions have been all over the place lately. I no longer know what to do."

When Shaolin lowered her hands, which had covered her face, her expression appeared to have darkened in just that moment.

What should be done...?

I have no idea either.

But that doesn't mean I can just die.

I'm not alone anymore.

Sicily is here, and so is Silver.

If I were to disappear, they would surely be devastated.

I can't make the people I love sad.

As no one could find an answer, silence hung between the three of us.

"In that case, Lady Shaolin can come to Arlsheid."

"Whoa! That surprised me!"

Suddenly, I heard a voice from behind me, which startled me for real.

When I turned around, Oug, Thor, and Julius were there.

"You can't completely trust Shin, right? So, come to Arlsheid and supervise him."

"Your Highness, are you saying you permit me to monitor Lord Shin?"

Shaolin looked at Oug with a questioning look.

In a similar fashion, I also gazed at him, and Oug made a frustrated face.

"Hey, did you already forget? Once this is over and we return to our country, personnel with the pretext of administrative work from various nations will come for surveillance."

"Oh, right. I totally forgot."

I had really forgotten about that.

Seeing me like that, Oug let out a deep sigh.

"Haah... You really are... Well, that's how it is. From now on, we will be operating as an organization, but we are aware that our abilities are isolated from our surroundings. Some individuals share the same concerns as Lady Shaolin regarding this matter."

"In order to alleviate those anxieties, surveillance officers will be dispatched from various nations."

"This was His Highness's own proposal."

Thor and Julius continued Oug's words.

"So that's it. If possible, we'd like personnel to be sent from Quanrong too. We've shown a lot here in this country, such as dealing with the large number of dragons on the airship, subduing the magic-infused Hao, and more. It's possible that there will be people who see us as a threat."

Oug said that and gazed directly at Shaolin.

"If you take on the role of a monitor, Lady Shaolin, your worries will probably be alleviated."

"But, the selection of those monitors should be decided by the nation..."

"Are you planning to start learning our country's language from now on? I wonder when you'll manage that. In that case, I believe Lady Shaolin, who can already communicate with us without an interpreter and is familiar with us, is the most suitable for the job, don't you think?"

If you put it that way, it seems like Shaolin is the most suitable candidate.

After thinking for a while following Oug's words, Shaolin looked at Oug and said, "In that case, I will propose the matter of the monitor to my country and stand as a candidate."

Upon hearing Shaolin's words, Oug smiled wryly and said, "Yes, please do that."

"Once this tour is over, I will head to Arlsheid. Your Highness, thank you."

With those words, Shaolin deeply bowed and then left our side to start talking to Lefan.

It seems that Shaolin's worries couldn't be resolved, but they could be compromised.

"This was good timing. To be honest, I was wondering what to do."

"I just happened to pass by. Besides, we're going to establish diplomatic relations with Quanrong from now on. If we hear about surveillance officers from other countries, there will be complaints, right?"

"That's true."

A two birds with one stone kind of situation.

By sending surveillance officers from Quanrong, we could resolve Shaolin's concerns, and it was possible that we'd end up having a day where we could put an end to them being unhappy.

Oug is really something.

"Well then, we're going. This cityscape will serve as a reference for our future city development."

Oug said that and left the area.

"Yeah. Thanks."

I expressed my gratitude to Oug's retreating figure, and he raised his hand in acknowledgment and continued on his way.

"What's he trying to show off for?"

"Hehe, he's probably just being shy."

"You think so?"

"Yes."

Well, whatever.

"Now then, rather than that, should we explore the ruins?"

"Yes!"

Since Shaolin had gone to Lefan, it was just the two of us, me and Sicily, who decided to explore the ruins together.

First things first.

It's the cars! ideas
for what to do with my kids' art