 pick
a birthday gift for my mom who likes gardening

"Ah, I'm so bored."

Maria, who had returned home earlier than Shin and the others, was lying on her bed, feeling restless.

"Well, I'm not bored at all."

In the room with her was Miranda, who had graduated from the Knight Academy this year and joined the Knight Order.

"Come on, it's your day off, isn't it?"

"If it's my day off, let me rest!"

Miranda had joined the Knight Order immediately after graduating from the academy. Since the Empire, which had been an enemy country, was no more, the main duty of the Knight Order now was to defeat monsters.

Miranda had been working on that mission yesterday and was extremely tired. She was already a well-known figure even before joining the Knight Order, as she had accompanied the Ultimate Magicians and fought alongside them against Strom during the War of the Demon King.

So, she was being closely watched as she went on this monster-hunting mission. She was more mentally exhausted than physically tired, and she had planned to take a rest on her day off.

But then Maria called her.

Miranda, who was not a magician and couldn't use gates, had walked to the Messina mansion. The mansion's staff members were already familiar with her, and they escorted her to the room.

When she entered the room, she saw Maria lazing around on the bed.

"If you called me over to keep you company because you're bored, I'll just go home, you know?"

"Wait, let's relax together!"

"Hey, let go!"

Maria desperately held onto Miranda, pulling her onto the bed.

"Geez, what do you want?"

"I'm tired too! There was a big commotion in Quanrong until yesterday."

"So, are you taking the day off too? Then rest quietly."

"It's boring being alone."

"Well, if you want to rest, do it on your own."

"Come on, just keep me company for a little while."

"Ugh."

Despite their arguments, these two were close friends. In the past, they used to have sleepovers with Sicily as well. Recently, Sicily had gotten married and was busy with childcare, so she couldn't join them, but Maria and Miranda continued to have their sleepovers.