

The kingdom has agreed to support the development funds for weapons.

The Vibration Sword is a magical tool, and it seems that Oug gave up when I told him that only I can bestow it for now. However, the idea of blade replacement is likely to be adopted, and Oug asked me to sell him the idea. It seems that the ability to easily replace the blade is attractive because the blades wear out quickly when cutting many monsters during monster subjugation. He passionately spoke about how the weapon would be practical if the blades were of high quality.

However, I should consult with others before selling it, as I might get killed by Grandma if I do it on my own.

I wonder if I should ask a man named Harold for various favors? If I can offer some technical input, it will be easier to get the funds for weapon development, and I don't want to regret it when facing Strom by restraining the development.

I should consult with Mr. Dis, who can help decide how far to develop.

I thought about asking Oug to relay a message to Mr. Dis, but he comes to my place so often that maybe I don't need to ask.

After finishing various things in the workshop, during lunch at Olivia's shop, I asked the three girls what they were doing, but they only said, "We were talking in Olivia's room," and didn't provide any details.

Is this some sort of girls' gathering? I definitely can't inquire about the content.

When I told Sisily about the matter of the royal messenger, she apologized profusely because she completely forgot about Mark and Olivia's relationship.

By the way, Sisily ordered the sandwich recommended by Cecil, and Maria ordered the pasta recommended by Irene.

For a growing body like mine, pasta and sandwiches are just snacks. I ate a hearty meal.

After the meal, since we had nothing else to do, we decided to wander around the town together.

"By the way, what do the second and third floors of Mark's store sell?"

"Oh, the second floor sells household items, and the third floor has accessories and stuff. It has both regular and magical accessories."

"Accessories..."

I see, if I enchant defense magic on accessories, I can have quite a versatile form of protection. Honestly, the magic I enchanted on my uniform works superbly, but it doesn't protect other areas. I found that out when I actually used it. My face got pretty hot.

And changing clothes doesn't have any effect. However, if it's an accessory, you can change your clothes, and if you deploy it like a magical barrier, you can defend the whole body.

Let's also ask for the development of accessories.

"Shin-kun, is something wrong?"

"No, Sisily, do you want any particular accessories?"

"Ah, accessories!? Um, well... like a ring... but that's a bit sudden! Let's start with a necklace... but a bracelet is also tempting... Oh, and earrings too..."

"Do you really want all of that?"

"No! It's not like that! I'm just wondering what would be good..."

"Hmm. Actually, I've been thinking that it might be more effective to enchant defense magic on accessories. I was thinking about what would be good if everyone were to use accessories."

"...Oh, I see..."

Sisily looked downcast.

"Shin... that's not fair..."

"You're lifting her up and then dropping her... Are you a demon?"

"Poor Sisily..."

"Huh? Huh?"

Oh no, I phrased that wrong! It sounds like I'm going to buy her accessories!

"Oh, Sisily?"

"What is it?"

She still looked downcast.

"You know... should we go to Mark's store one more time?"

"Okay, but..."

"Hey, everyone, wait here."

The city stroll is temporarily on hold! It's not the time for that!

Then we entered Bean Workshop and headed for the desired floor.

"Eh? Shin-kun, this is the place we were just talking about..."

"Yeah, the accessory section."

"I'm sorry! I didn't mean to push you into this!"

"It's okay, it's okay. You seemed happy, but I made you feel down. Besides..."

"Besides?"

"...I want to buy an accessory for Sisily."

"Huh!"

Yeah, that's right. I may be apologizing, but my true intention is to give Sisily an accessory as a gift.

"I'll do the enchantment, so it'll be a regular one. Which one do you like?"

"Um, well, um..."

"Excuse me, which of these can accommodate more characters for enchantment?"

"Welcome. Let me see. Around here, you can enchant about eight to twelve characters."

"Sisily, which one do you like from these?"

"I-Is it from these?"

It seems that rings can accommodate many characters for enchantment, probably due to the base. Typically, it costs about two to five silver coins. For higher-end ones, it can go up to a few gold coins. There are indeed many options with a lot of characters for enchantment, but there are also many with zero!

"Oh! I'm really sorry! Rings like this..."

"It's okay. I originally brought money to pay for the workshop, but thanks to Oug's proposal, I have some extra money now."

"But..."

Besides, I think that guy knows about Sisily. I want to enhance her defense, more than before.

"I understand. So..."

Finally, she seems to agree. What I said just now is true. It wouldn't be surprising if he knew that I had been guarding Sisily to protect her from the rampaging cart due to Strom. If Sisily were to be targeted, I wouldn't be able to stay sane.

Sisily is earnestly choosing a ring. After a while, she looks over at me. Oh? Has she made a choice?

"Um... Shin-kun, could you please choose for me after all?"

"Huh? You can choose what you like."

"Um... I can't decide on my own..."

Did she get overwhelmed by the choices?

"Alright..."

Ignoring the price and character limit, let's choose one that suits Sisily. In that case...

"How about this one?"

The one I chose is a ring with a silver base and a blue stone. I think it goes well with Sisily's navy blue hair.

It has eight characters for enchantment, and it costs three silver coins.

"What do you think? Do you think it suits Sisily?"

"Wow..."

Sisily's eyes sparkle as she looks at the ring.

"Okay, I'll take this one."

"Understood. Would you like to wear it right away?"

"Yes, please!"

Great. Sisily seems to be in high spirits now. She receives the ring from the shopkeeper and puts it on her right ring finger.

"Shin-kun... Thank you!"

Sisily says with a smile. She's really cute. I vow once again that I won't let Sisily come to any harm. "I'm glad you're happy. I'll enchant it with defense magic later, and it will protect you."

"Shin-kun... will protect me..."

Huh? That's not quite what I said, but it's okay.

After buying the ring, we leave the shop and rejoin everyone.

Sisily, looking happy and staring at the ring, is now being surrounded by the two other girls, giggling and celebrating. I still can't quite fit into that group.

"By the way, you bought the ring so easily. Well done, Shin."

Once again, Oug is grinning.

"Just so you know, I'll give you guys accessories with defense enchantments too."

"After seeing that scene, it feels somewhat awkward when you say that..."

"Well, guys don't usually wear rings, so I'll go with a necklace or a bracelet..."

"Yeah, that works."

After that, we aimlessly wandered the town without any particular purpose. We did some window shopping and had some snacks. Walking around with friends of the same age is fun even without a specific goal.

After spending a peaceful and enjoyable day, we first parted ways with Mark and Olivia and headed to Sisily's house.

Upon arriving at Sisily's house, I first enchanted the defense magic.

It's limited to eight characters, so "Magic Barrier" and "Physical Barrier" should work.

Easier than "Absolute Magic Defense," and the image is of a "solid wall." It doesn't need to nullify everything; it should be sufficient to block most attacks. During the battle with Strom, "Absolute Magic Defense" felt a bit excessive. Magic Barrier was enough to block the attacks of the demon. So, Magic Barrier should suffice. When deployed, it will protect the entire body. It's more versatile because it can protect those around you. So, this is probably better.

"Physical Barrier" follows the same concept. There's a difference in the imagery of magic and physical, but it's similar.

I was about to hand the ring with the enchanted defense magic to Sisily, but she extended her right hand, so I put it on the same middle finger as before.

Sisily looked happy again as I activated the ring.

"Wow, this is amazing!"

Sisily was genuinely surprised by the barrier that unfolded to cover her body.

"Oh, this is incredible. Truly the grandson of the Archmage Merida."

"Is that ring... Hehe, oh my, Sisily looks so happy."

Cecil and Irene were also watching the deployed barrier.

"If you want, I can also enchant the same for you, Cecil and Irene."

"Huh? Is that alright?"

"Oh, I'd be delighted."

This enchantment should be fine, right? It's a defensive magic that other mages can use.

"Although the levels are different..."

Oug mumbled something under his breath.

Then, the Claude family thanked us, and we returned home through the gate.
!
You've reached our limit of messages per hour. Please try again later.
!
You've reached our limit of messages per hour. Please try again later.

Everyone acquired their desired accessories, had defense magic applied, and disbanded for the day. The long-awaited commendation ceremony is finally here.

In the afternoon on the day of the ceremony, after classes were over, the research club's activities were suspended, and I returned home to prepare. I waited for the carriage that arrived from the royal castle. It was the same carriage I rode during the entrance ceremony. The ride was as comfortable as ever, but the atmosphere inside was uncomfortable.

Grandpa and Grandma are also accompanying me. They are participants in the commendation ceremony, and we decided to go together.

I had never been to the royal castle before, even though the castle's residents often visit our place.

The royal castle had spires that resembled a certain dreamland... well, it had that kind of building. Of course, it was much larger in scale.

We were guided to the waiting room by an attendant.

I'm not nervous because I'm meeting Uncle Dis, but I can't help but feel gloomy about the trouble that will come after this.

And finally, the attendant came to call us.

We were led directly to the audience chamber, and then...

"The Hero who saved the kingdom, the new hero, Mr. Shin-Wolford has arrived!"

Just that announcement made me want to go home. However, there were knights on both sides, and I couldn't escape!

...I wasn't really going to escape, though.

With the help of the knight, the heavy door opened.

And the applause ensued.

I didn't expect such a warm welcome, so I was briefly stunned. But I managed to walk forward somehow.

I stopped at the position I had been informed of in advance and knelt down.

"King of Alsheid, King Dicem-Von-Alsheid, His Majesty, enters!"

Uncle Dis appeared. I could tell that the people around me were also kneeling.

"Let it be easy for everyone."

Upon those words, the people around me stood up, but I remained as instructed.

"Shin-Wolford, your performance this time was truly magnificent."

"Ah... I am truly grateful."

"In recognition of your deeds, you are hereby awarded the Order of Merit, First Class."

"I humbly accept."

I stood up and waited to receive the medal from Uncle Dis. Eventually, he rose from his throne and personally bestowed the medal upon me.

"Your performance was splendid."

"Ah, I am truly grateful."

It's quite uncomfortable when the person is Uncle Dis! When will this be over? I thought, and Uncle Dis started to speak.

"Everyone, listen well. This Shin-Wolford is the grandson of my friend, the Sage Merlin-Wolford, and I have taken care of him since he was a child, like a nephew, so to speak. His presence in this country is for the sake of his education, as he was once naive to the ways of the world, and not for any advantage to our nation! When we invited him to our country's prestigious Magic Academy, I made a promise with the Sage. We swore not to use him for political or military purposes! If that promise is ever broken, the hero's lineage will leave this land. Do not forget this under any circumstances!"

...He really said it. Uncle Dis is awesome!

There's some commotion in the surroundings, but it seems they generally accepted it.

Phew... Is it finally over?

"Now, we will conclude the medal award ceremony."

Oh, it's over!

"Following this, a party will be held in the Royal Castle Grand Hall. Please, everyone, join us."

It's not over!