 fun activities
to do indoors with my high-energy dog

I asked everyone in the research club what they wanted to do.

For now, we can only practice offensive magic with Sicily and Thor in the training grounds, so I'll have them practice magic control.

When I conveyed this, everyone asked why, which surprised me in return.

The reason is that to use powerful magic, you need a large amount of magical power. I thought it was obvious, but everyone had a different perspective.

They seem to believe that using powerful magic requires clever incantations and matching images.

Is that the way they've been thinking? I need to start by dispelling those preconceptions.

For now, to assess our current magical control abilities, I asked everyone to create magical barriers...

...but the barriers are weak.

"Looks like it won't work. Can't these barriers even block most magic?"

"But magical barriers aren't really known for their defensive capabilities, right?"

"Are you serious?"

"What do you mean?"

"Remember when Strom blocked my initial magic attack?"

"Oh, that was an enhanced version of your magic you used during the first class. I didn't expect it to be blocked..."

"Actually, it was blocked by a magical barrier."

"What?!"

"No way..."

"I thought it was some special defense magic..."

"It's just that I have a lot of magical power to work with. I knew I'd be blocked. So after I cast the spell, I immediately moved around Strom."

"I didn't see it..."

Alice, who wasn't present at the scene, spoke up. There's nothing we can do about that, so let's leave it at that.

"If you have a lot of magical power, you can defend against magic sufficiently without needing special defense spells. Sicily, can you deploy the defense spell I gave you earlier?"

"Yes, I understand."

Sicily said, then channeled her magic through her magical ring.

"Wow... an amazing magical barrier..."

"I didn't notice how impressive the barrier was until it was mentioned... the controlled magical power is indeed impressive."

"Sicily, are you using a lot of magical power for this?"

"No... I'm not using more magical power than I did when I activated it."

"This magical barrier has been imbued with my image of magical control. Following that image, it gathers and controls the necessary magical power."

Everyone stared in amazement at the magical barriers that were now deployed. I wonder if they've understood the importance of magical control now?

"...Is this... or am I just imagining things?"

"No, you're not imagining it. The magical barriers are definitely thicker than before."

It seems like everyone has realized it.

"Each of you, practice magical control at home. Once you've improved in that aspect, we'll practice magic."

In the end, the research club for the day was just a review of the basics.

However, everyone's faces were filled with motivation.

It was good to understand everyone's current situation. If we didn't know that, teaching magic would have been in vain.

With high spirits and the prospect of leveling up, everyone left the school building.

"Hey! He's coming out!"

"Shin-sama!"

"Look this way!"

"Wolford-kun, just a word, please!"

Everyone returned to the school building.

"Oh, I forgot..."

"Wait, didn't he leave from the school gate? How did he know we were here?"

"He probably thought he left through the back door. And then, we were waiting at the school."

"That's some determination..."

"But seriously! With that crowd, we won't be able to leave the academy!"

"There's no other option... Should we use this again?"

It can't be helped. Can it?

We opened the gate to the house and all entered.

"Oh, welcome back, Shin. Did you use the gate again?"

"Welcome back, Shin. Is something wrong? You brought so many friends with you."

"I'm back, Grandpa and Grandma. Well, the crowd in front of the school gate was so huge... nobody could leave, so I brought them here."

"They're making quite a commotion!"

"Well, it should calm down eventually."

I wonder if that's true?

"More importantly, there are some kids I haven't met yet. Won't you introduce them?"

"Right, there are a few who haven't been to our house..."

"I'm Alice Corner!"

"I'm Lynn Hughes. Nice to meet you."

"I'm Tony Freid."

"I'm Yuri Carlton."

"I'm Mark Beins!"

"I-I'm Olivia Stone!"

They introduced themselves before I had the chance.

"I've heard of some of them, especially Mark."

"Yes, that's right!"

"It seems like we caused some trouble at your workshop... Sorry about that."

"So! Please lift your head! In fact, Dad was overjoyed because a big contract came through!"

"Still, it's undeniable that our grandson caused some trouble. So, please let him apologize."

"Well, yeah, I'm sorry, Mark-kun."

"Please stop, for real!"

Mark is shouting while Grandpa and Grandma bow.

"Grandpa, Grandma, just let it go. Mark is feeling uncomfortable, you know?"

"Whose fault is it! Whose!"

Grandma got really angry.

"Anyway, I have something to ask Grandpa and Grandma. Is that okay?"

"What is it?"

"What happened?"

"I just found out today, but when people talk about practicing magic, don't they mean practicing magical control?"

When I said that, Grandpa looked a bit sad.

"It's a lamentable thing. As soon as people become somewhat proficient in magic, they focus on flashy incantations and imagining them. It's like they believe that practicing magic is all about impressive incantations and imagery. Maybe that's why the level of magicians has been declining over the years."

Grandpa let out a sigh as if it was a pathetic matter, and everyone fell silent.

"About half of it is your fault, too."

"Mine!?"

Grandpa was utterly surprised by Grandma's statement.

"Grandma, what do you mean?"

"It's because Merlin uses magic without incantations so effortlessly that everyone admires that magic. It's incantation-free, so we can't imitate it. But someone who saw Merlin's magic and created an incantation based on the image of that magic happened to succeed. Since then, there has been a trend that if you come up with a creative incantation, you can use various types of magic."

"Indeed... We thought the same way."

"Is it not your fault, then?"

"The cause is you, for sure. You just don't hold back at all, using magic left and right... Didn't I tell you to have some self-restraint? Look, it's because you're like that that Shin turned out like this."

"What?! Did it spread to him!?"

"Shin's lack of self-restraint is inherited from his grandfather."

"Even Sicily!?"

For some reason, even I became a target.

"Anyway, the most important thing in magic is magical control. Of course, the imagery is important too. But originally, incantations aren't necessary, right?"

"What!?"

"Look at Shin, have you ever seen this child chant?"

"Come to think of it, I've never seen it even once..."

"Well, in this child's case, the way he imagines things is unique."

"What do you mean, Wise One?"

"This child imagines the 'process' of magic, not the 'result.' Do you all know why fire burns?"

"When you ask why... I can't give a clear answer."

"I don't know either. But this child questions that. What is fire? Why does it burn? They must have observed it closely, and the result is... Have any of you seen Shin's fire magic?"

"It was a pale blue flame."

"That's right. That flame seems to reach an incredible temperature, as the ground it hit turned into something like lava."

Everyone looked impressed, but I felt uncomfortable, as if I were being praised for cheating on an exam.

"Shin's imagination is unique, but even I, who didn't know that, can use incantation-free magic. Besides, during combat, there's no time to chant, and if the magic you're using with incantations is revealed, it can easily be countered."

"So, you told him to learn incantation-free magic..."

"Does that mean everyone asked Shin about magical control?"

"Yes."

"That's good. First, increase the amount of magical power you can control. Then you can use magic as you imagine. Like this."

Oh! Grandpa opened the gate!

"Grandpa, that!?"

"Well, well, it was a struggle, but I finally understood it with the explanation you wrote on paper."

Grandpa is truly something. Even at his age, his curiosity and drive for improvement haven't faded!

"Shin's magic isn't something only Shin can use. If you can control magical power and imagine properly, everyone can use it. Even if Shin is extraordinary, he's not an unreasonable existence. Amidst a threat that has never existed before, everyone's growth will undoubtedly be of use to humanity. Do your best!"

"Yes! Thank you very much!"

Indeed, when Grandpa says it, it carries more weight. Is it a difference in life experience? Everyone is highly motivated and eager to practice.

"Grandpa, thanks."

"Well, well, it's just... feeling a bit responsible..."

I didn't want to know that!

"Merlin, you do something good once in a while, don't you?"

"What do you mean by 'once in a while'?"

The members of the research club headed home, and Shin went to escort Cecily and Maria. In the living room, with everyone gone, Merlin and Merida were sitting.

"Did you learn Gate magic for Shin's sake?"

"...What are you talking about?"

"It seems like Shin gets called 'extraordinary' and 'unreasonable' every time he uses magic."

"Indeed, he was called that."

"But if you can use Shin's magic, you can say he's not special."

"..."

"Hehe, isn't that nice? Everyone was excited, thinking they might be able to use magic like Shin."

"Now, it might be a crisis for humanity. If that happens, it would be fortunate."

"I'm sure it will, thanks to you."

"Is that so?"

"Yes... hehe."

Merida, who was in high spirits, had her inner thoughts seen through by Merlin, who wore a slightly displeased expression.

The next day, it seemed like everyone had been practicing magical control at home, and the amount of magical power they could control had slightly increased.

However, what caught Shin's attention was that Lynn was wearing a headband. Despite usually just casually combing her short bobbed hair, today she had a headband on.

Shin stared at Lynn's face. She quickly averted her gaze.

"Lynn... you..."

"Don't say anything..."

...I made her go berserk.

Her magic went berserk, causing her hair to explode. But she wore the headband to hide the fact that she had gone berserk.

"Lynn, are you okay?"

"It's a common occurrence; no problem."

"A common occurrence... isn't your family mad at you?"

"My dad is a court mage, and we have a magic practice area at home."

"So that's the cause of the berserk magic girl..."

She could use magic as much as she wanted and let it go berserk. And she was completely nonchalant about it.

"That's good. You can call yourself the 'Berserk Magic Girl' from now on."

"No, I'm not looking for compliments."

With the name of the research club and that sense of humor, is that what it is?

And at the end of the day's lessons, during homeroom when we were leaving, Professor Alfred said to us, "What on earth did you guys do? The magic school teacher was in tears?"

Oh, that.

"Well, we received a magic lecture from my grandpa at home yesterday. When we talked about it, the teacher seemed envious..."

"So, they were in tears out of jealousy... What's wrong with that guy? More importantly, what's the Sage's lecture about?"

I conveyed the content of my grandpa's talk at home yesterday. Then...

"What? That's so... I'm so jealous! You guys are so lucky!"

"Teacher, you're reacting the same way!"

After school, the research club was over, and everyone headed home. Today's club activities were focused on practicing magical control, so it was a short session. However, everyone mentioned that magic had become easier to use than before.

When I looked at the main gate, there was still a crowd, so before we attracted any attention, we slipped through the side of the crowd and left.

I headed to the back gate. There were a few people here too, but I activated my optical camouflage and passed by everyone without being noticed. I left the academy without anyone realizing and rejoined the others.

"We should have done this yesterday too."

"Well, yesterday we were spotted before we could sneak away, and it caused a commotion. This method wouldn't have worked. We need a situation where nobody notices us, like today."

Today, after a long time, we were able to go out to the town. I had used the Gate yesterday and this morning, and the town felt a bit strange. Many people seemed anxious and were having discussions with worried expressions.

"Doesn't the town seem unusual to you?"

"Huh? Oh, I haven't been outside, so I wouldn't know."

"Did something happen?"

"Yeah, the military... They seem to be preparing for war." business strategies
for transitioning from budget to luxury vs. luxury to budget