

After the usual children's interaction had come to an end, they finally settled on the sofa.

Sharl and Max were engrossed in eating snacks, while Princess Octavia, on the other hand, elegantly enjoyed her tea and treats with proper etiquette.

Sylvester watched their actions, occasionally wiping Sharlotte and Max's mouths and picking up their crumbs. He let out an impressed sigh.

"Vi-chan, you eat so gracefully."

"Huh?"

Realizing that her eating habits were being closely observed, Octavia blushed involuntarily.

"You don't make any mess, you don't make a sound when you drink tea, you sit up straight, it's really beautiful."

"Oh, um..."

Really beautiful.

What Sylvester was talking about was Octavia's manners.

However, being told "it's really beautiful" face-to-face made Octavia feel embarrassed, as if she had been complimented on her appearance.

By the way, Octavia had beautiful golden hair and blue eyes just like her father, August, who was the king. She also had a similar facial appearance. In other words, she looked just like her father, who was considered the most handsome man in the kingdom.

So, Octavia, as the beautiful young princess, was used to being called "cute," "beautiful," and "gorgeous" by the maids and nobles she had met.

However, this time, it was Sylvester who uttered those words.

Caught off guard by the unexpected compliment, Octavia blushed and felt flustered.

"Um, what about Shal?"

"...Shal should eat a bit more calmly. Look, there's more food on his face again."

"Ugh."

Octavia, having been praised, asked how she was doing herself, but she was not pleased to have her food stains wiped away, and she inadvertently protested.

"All right, Silver. Shal is only three years old. He can eat whatever he likes however he wants."

Elizabeth, who had been watching Sylvester and Sharlotte's interaction, spoke with a smile at the heartwarming scene.

However, Sylvester tilted his head.

"But Vi-chan eats so nicely, doesn't she?"

In response to Sylvester's simple question, Elizabeth couldn't help but smile wryly.

"Vi is the princess of Earlsheid. She's not an ordinary child. Royalty is always under scrutiny, so she needs to acquire refined manners."

Upon hearing these words, Sylvester tilted his head even further.

"What about Mei?"

"She's an exception."

Mei, a royal figure that Sylvester was well-acquainted with, played with them frequently since childhood. He often witnessed her doing some eccentric things and getting scolded by August. She was like a neighborhood big sister.

However, Mei was also royalty. When Sylvester thought about Mei's behavior, he couldn't help but question Elizabeth's description of how royals should behave. He had never seen Mei exhibit royal-like manners.

Elizabeth, however, made an exception for Mei.

"That child seems to have been blessed with a real talent for magic and has been growing stronger day by day. While it was a shame to let that power go to waste, I never imagined she would spend her holidays at the Hunter Association."

Mei had grown stronger and stronger since entering the Advanced Magic Academy. However, she had no outlet for her power. If Mei's desire to use her increased power got the best of her, it could lead to a troublesome situation. So, they allowed her to come and go from the Hunter Association to release her power.

From the day she got permission, Mei, along with Colin and Agnes, would often be at the Hunter Association, hunting down many monsters. As a result, she had become someone like the one Shal would grow up to be.

As Mei's stepsister, Elizabeth wished Mei would be a bit more refined, but she was widely loved as a friendly princess by the public. It was too late to say anything now, and Elizabeth sighed at the fact.

Then, Charlotte, upon hearing Mei's name mentioned, joined the conversation.

"Mei big sister? Is she playing with us?"

"Mei is still at school. She hasn't come back yet."

"Oh, I see."

Charlotte, who thought of Mei as a big sister who often played with her, looked visibly dejected when she realized Mei wasn't there.

"Well, Mei will be back eventually, so until then, let's play with the four of us."

"Okay."

With her head gently patted by Elizabeth, Charlotte turned her attention back to the snacks.

They finished eating their snacks and chatted and played with each other. Suddenly, Charlotte said something unexpected.

"I'm bored."

"Yeah."

"We're bored."

"Uh..."

Sylvester, the only one among them who was older, briefly looked at the mothers. Cecily and Elizabeth had known each other since childhood and had been close friends since their time at the Advanced Magic Academy. They were now talking enthusiastically about common friends from their middle school days, who married whom, which sweet shop had the best treats, and the current fashion trends. It felt awkward to interrupt their conversation.

As Sylvester contemplated what to do, the younger kids seemed to be discussing among themselves, and Octavia walked over to her mother, Elizabeth.

"Mom."

"Oh, what is it, Vi?"

"Can Shal and I explore the castle?"

Castle exploration. Sylvester, too, found himself unexpectedly intrigued by Octavia's words.

The Walford family lived in a large house, but they had explored most of it since they were young. The only places they hadn't explored were their father's study, deemed off-limits for safety reasons, and their parents' bedroom, for an unknown reason.

Despite the latter, Sylvester had always wanted to enter his father's study. But, getting back to the castle exploration, it was generally much larger and more complex than the Walford residence. Ordinary citizens, let alone nobles, couldn't easily enter such places without being government officials.

Just the idea of exploring such a place filled Sylvester with excitement.

"Castle exploration?"

Elizabeth echoed the words and glanced briefly at Sylvester.

Usually, Sylvester is often the one to scold his younger sisters, but now his eyes are shining with excitement.

He seems very curious.

When Elizabeth looks at Cecily, she is wearing a very happy expression.

Despite Sylvester saying that Shin and Cecily could be more selfish, he's trying to be a role model for his younger sisters and doesn't complain too much. Their parents had been a little lonely about this, but Sylvester is showing an unusual interest.

Seeing his expression, as if requesting that she somehow make it happen, Elizabeth smiled wryly and nodded.

"I understand. Adult conversations must be boring, right? Have a great time."

When Elizabeth said this, the children burst into excitement.

"However,"

As if to restrain the excited children, Elizabeth continued, and the children fell silent.

"You must go with guards and guides, always listen to what they say, and avoid dangerous places. Can you promise that?"

As Elizabeth said this, the younger children nodded in agreement, and Sylvester verbally replied, "Understood."

"Well then, I'm sorry to ask, but may we have a babysitter?"

Elizabeth requested the escort knights and the maids present in the room to accompany them, and the knights and maids agreed.

And so, the children's castle exploration expedition was officially launched.trip
to explore the nightlife scene in Bangkok