

Here's the translation of the text to English:

"In terms of the telecommunications business, the rights belong to the Kingdom of R'shide, and it's state-owned.

The one responsible for infrastructure development is the Bean Workshop.

After all, it was the Bean Workshop that initially created communication devices based on my request.

I think it's a reasonable choice.

It's because I'm the director of the Bean Workshop, which has been selected for such a national project, that I explained the background of this case.

'Father is a trustworthy person.' I understand that, so, do you have any ideas?"

"You... really... children's toys, huh? When I was a kid, I used to play tag, hide-and-seek, and running games. Mark, what about you?"

"Me? Well, it's pretty much the same as Father. I also used leftover materials in the workshop to make things."

"Come to think of it, that's true. What about Yuri's daughter?"

"I used to play with dolls, changing their clothes and playing house, I guess? I don't really have memories of playing outside with boys."

"I see. So, should we consider separating toys for boys and girls?"

"Yeah. Before elementary school, they might play together, but once they enter elementary school, it's common for boys and girls to play separately."

"So, for boys' toys with magical elements... upgrading games like tag and hide-and-seek...?"

"Are you thinking of having children use jet boots!? They can't use those until they get much bigger; it's too dangerous!"

"You're right. I agree with that. So, does that mean we have to create something entirely new?"

"Mr. Wolford."

When I tried to think of something new, Mark called out to me.

"What's the matter?"

"Well... You see..."

Mark said that and then began speaking quietly, so Father couldn't hear.

"Mr. Wolford, what kind of toys did you play with in your past life?"

I hadn't expected Mark to ask me such a question, so I was surprised. But Yuri was even more surprised.

"Wait a minute! If you make something like that, His Highness will be angry again, won't he?"

"Huh? What's going on?"

Yuri raised her voice unintentionally, so Father naturally got involved in the conversation.

Here's the translation of the text to English:

"I'm sorry, Dad, but this is something I can't even talk to you about."

"Oh, I see. Well, that's fine. Just don't ask any more outrageous questions."

In response to Mark's words, Father covered his own ears just in case they were heard.

Seeing this, Yuri confronted Mark, seemingly relieved.

"Hey, Mark? Are you saying something really outrageous?"

"Well, I just can't come up with anything at all, you know? In that case, even if there's some risk, wouldn't it be more efficient to hear about Wolford's past life? After all, it's about toys, so reproducing them as they were should be fine."

"Well, I guess..."

"So, Wolford, please."

"Yeah..."

In response to Mark's words, I decided to talk about it, but what should I do?

Video games would require creating a monitor, and there's no computer in the first place, so it's impossible.

The purpose of creating magical toys this time is to enable children to activate magical tools.

If I were to make a game console, it would need to be constantly active, requiring the use of magic stones.

So, this option is rejected.

As for something other than a game console...

"What could there be?"

"By the way, what did you play with when you were young in this world?"

"Magic."

"...Magic isn't a game."

Well, there wasn't anything else to do in the remote mountains except for the books Uncle Tom brought, so there was no choice. Oh, and making magical tools.

"...Making magical tools isn't a game either."

There was no choice; there was nothing else.

Mark's influence led my thoughts astray.

Past life games, past life games...

"Mini 4... Oh, this one's different too."

I remembered the miniature four-wheel-drive car that could only run straight, but it required the use of magic stones to operate, which went against the idea of continuous activation of magical tools.

In truth, there have been reports of cases where boys in town watched magical cars with envy, so I think this type of magical toy would sell well if introduced.

I believe there would be considerable sales if various parts for modifications were also available...

However, what is currently needed is a magical tool that must be continuously activated.

Here's the translation of the text to English:

"Oh, I see. That's an interesting idea."

"What's the matter?"

"Did you come up with something?"

Mark and Yuri eagerly questioned me when they noticed I had an idea.

"Well, you know those magical cars?"

"Yeah, we do."

"What if we make miniatures of them and make them operable at hand? Like a 'remote control.'"

In other words, a "radio-controlled car."

By allowing the operation of the toy cars through the control unit by passing magic power wirelessly, we would need to continuously activate the magical tool during operation, making it enjoyable. Do you think it's a good idea?

There was just one issue that used to be a major problem, but recently, even that problem could be solved.

I explained this to Mark and Yuri without mentioning the problem itself, and Father, who had been covering his ears all this time.

It's not necessary to talk about the problem, after all.

"Wow, Shin, you're amazing. Where do you come up with these ideas?"

Father was genuinely surprised since I hadn't told him about my situation.

Seeing his reaction, I, along with Mark and Yuri, smiled wryly.

"So, is it settled now?"

"No, there seems to be a significant problem in Shin's concept."

As expected of Father, he seemed to have noticed the issue with this magical tool based on my brief explanation.

"Is that so?"

"Yeah. If we can't solve that problem, this will become an incredibly expensive toy. I think it's a great idea, though."

"But the thing is, what used to be a major problem in the past is no longer an issue now."

"Huh? What happened?"

I explained the solution to the problem.

"Oh? Is it really okay like that?"

"Yes, it is. In fact, I received consultations about this matter. It's a win-win situation for both sides."

"What on earth are you two talking about?"

Mark, who couldn't understand the content of the discussions between me and Father, approached us.

"Well, actually..."

I explained the issue that used to be a significant problem in creating this magical toy and how the situation had been resolved.

"Ah... So, it's all about national secrets around Wolford, huh..."

"I'm starting to get scared of how accustomed I've become..."

Mark and Yuri both let out sighs as if they had given up on something.

In this context, Yuri seemed to have a question and raised her curiosity.

"Well, that's all well and good, but what about the girls? It seems like boys might like those toys, but what about girls?"

"Yeah... I wonder if girls will like it."

"I'm not sure. It really depends on the individual, but I don't think it will become popular among girls as a whole."

"I see... But I can't think of any toys for girls, or something fashionable for kids."

I've been a boy in both my past and present lives.

Honestly, in my past life, I had no idea about what games little girls played. That's what I meant when I made that statement, but Yuri was interested in my words.

"Fashion items for kids! That's it!"

"For kids?"

"Yes! You know those hair dryers with a brush that we use? They are quite big, and some of my mom friends in the neighborhood were saying that kids find them difficult to use."

"Well, yeah, they are designed for adult women."

"So, I thought, why not make them in a size that kids can easily use! They'll probably be happy to use them!"

"Oh, I see. Plus, hair dryers are something people use every day."

"That's right!"

"So, does that mean we have everything now? Toy cars for boys and kid-friendly hair dryers for girls."

"It sounds good, doesn't it?"

"I think it's a great idea."

"Okay then. Let's get started on the development right away. Making a kid-friendly hair dryer should be as simple as making it smaller, so it's just the toy cars that need work. Well, we can easily adapt the wireless communication and magical car mechanisms."

And so, I began the development of the Magical Control Car, abbreviated as Majikon Car.