

The two male students were taken aback by those words, their mouths hanging open in surprise.

"Forgetting about it..."

"Is Allen-sama not looking forward to magic practice?"

The magic practice about to begin was incredibly exciting for the two male students, but Allen seemed unenthusiastic.

For kids these days, magic is their biggest concern. Could they really forget about it? Thinking that, Allen hurriedly tried to cover his indifferent expression in front of the two bewildered male students.

"Oh, no. I'm definitely looking forward to it. It's just that I've been a bit busy with other things lately. I forgot."

"Forgetting about magic practice..."

"Do you guys have a MagiCar?"

From Allen, the hottest topic of conversation was introduced, and the two male students excitedly started talking.

"Of course! Mine arrived yesterday!"

"Mine was delivered the day before yesterday! I'm sure Allen-sama has one too, right?"

"Ah, well, yeah."

Allen said that and glanced briefly at Sylvester.

The two male students, who noticed his gaze, looked at Sylvester with slightly jealous eyes.

"Isn't Walford great? The Demon Lord-sama probably made that, right?"

"He must definitely have one."

"Haha, probably."

The MagiCar was a new product created by Shin Walford, the chairman of the Walford Trading Company. Sylvester, being his child, naturally had one.

The two couldn't help but envy the fact that Sylvester had access to the trending new product before anyone else.

At that point, Allen added some additional information.

"We also participated in the development of that MagiCar."

"!!"

The two male students' eyes widened at Allen's statement. The other students around them had the same expressions.

"W-What do you mean, Allen-sama?"

"Y-You were involved in the development of that product?"

"Yeah, it's like Shin-sama asked us to help."

"From Shin-sama!?"

The two of them were surprised to be directly requested by Shin.

Allen was basking in a sense of superiority. Seeing the three of them, Sylvester also explained the situation with a wry smile.

"It's because it's a product for kids, they wanted kids' opinions. I just gave some feedback on the prototype my dad was working on."

So, Sylvester's dad was involved in the development, and Sylvester provided feedback as a child for the kid-friendly product.

What Sylvester and Allen were actually doing was just giving their opinions on the prototype's exterior.

They had no involvement in the actual driving components or the control mechanisms.

However, Allen couldn't help but boast about being even partially involved in the development of the current popular product. Wanting more attention, he made a dissatisfied face when Sylvester downplayed it.

"What's up with that? You should be bragging more, Silver. Our opinions were actually reflected in the next prototype, you know."

"Haha, that's true."

"Well, not exactly. We were helping with the development of the MagiCar, so we completely forgot about the magic practice."

"I see."

The words from Allen convinced the two male students completely. If they were involved in the development of that product, they might forget about magic practice too. It had that much persuasive power.

However,

The truth was that the sole reason Allen had completely forgotten about magic practice was not just that.

As evidence of this, even when the two informed him that the magic practice was starting soon, he didn't seem very excited. He had a response along the lines of, "Oh, is that so?" That's all he had to say.

The two didn't notice this.

On the day of the magic practice,

The students who had an aptitude for magic and were receiving the training had been restless since morning. During the magic aptitude test supervised by the mage corps members, the children with aptitude for magic gathered magical power on their own for the first time. At that moment, everyone was excited by the fact that they had an aptitude for magic and the fact that they were gathering magical power on their own.

However, since the mage corps members who conducted the aptitude test had persistently told them, "Do not use magic without permission," many students who wanted to experience that feeling again were eagerly awaiting the day when the magic practice would begin.

In the midst of this, there were also students who remained calm.

"Everyone seems pretty fidgety."

"Yeah, well, I might have been the same if it had been true."

"We, on the other hand..."

Sylvester calmly observed his surroundings, Allen felt a bit superior, and Cresta, with a somewhat apologetic expression, was waiting.

Some exceptions aside, all the students at the Earl's Hyde Elementary School, who were waiting restlessly in the newly added magic practice building, were waiting for the arrival of the teachers. However, the door to the practice building opened, and a teacher from the academy and an unfamiliar man entered.

The man who entered was wearing the uniform of the Mage Corps.

A magic instructor.

As soon as the students understood this, cheers erupted from them.

"Haha. As always, students are welcomed on their first class," said the magic instructor with a smile to the academy's teachers.

"At attention!"

At the command of the academy's teacher, the students formed ranks.

The magic instructor standing in front of them cleared his throat and then spoke.

"Well, I think you all already know, but I'm a mage belonging to the Earl's Hyde Mage Corps, and my name is Bernie Ash. I'll be your instructor for the magic practice. Nice to meet you."

Upon the introduction of the magic instructor, the students were buzzing.

A teacher from the prestigious Earl's Hyde Elementary School being an instructor was one thing, but it was unexpected that a civilian, and with such coarse language, would come as an instructor from the Mage Corps.

The students, who had been excited moments ago, now displayed many dissatisfied faces, perhaps in reaction to this.

Seeing this, the magic instructor, Ash, smiled as if he had expected this reaction.

"Ah, it seems like having someone like me as an instructor doesn't sit well with you. I see, I see."

With a smirk on his face, Ash then, in the next moment, put on a very stern expression.

"If you have a problem with my class and don't want to attend, you're free to leave. I won't stop you."

When the students were told this, they were taken aback by the extremely stern words that they had never heard before, and their previously dissatisfied faces turned into expressions of shock.

Looking over such students, Ash continued his words.

"Magic can be of help to everyone or harmful, depending on how it's used. I must teach you the right way to use magic. If any of you try to use magic the wrong way, I will do everything in my power to stop you. When that happens, I won't be polite. So, I won't change this attitude. If you have a problem with it, I can't teach you magic, and I won't allow you to learn it elsewhere. Do you understand?"

Given Ash's rough attitude and the reason behind it, the students, who had simply assumed they would be taught magic, began to feel ashamed of their shallow thinking.

The reason the students had been longing for magic was that they had read the stories of Shin and the others.

In that story, magic users are depicted as the champions of justice and as a cool, admired presence.

Many of the students thought that they might become such a cool presence themselves. So, Ash adopted this attitude in the first class to correct their naive thinking.

By the way, this is a manual for teaching magic to elementary school students, so all instructors in any academy initially adopt this attitude. They want to be disliked and feared, to make the students understand that magic is a dangerous thing from the start.

Ash, who had intimidated the students according to the manual, asked again.

"Well, is there anyone who doesn't want to take my class?"

To this question, without any signs of dissent, the students looked straight at Ash.

Satisfied with the students' attitude, Ash asked once more.

"Does that mean you're prepared to learn magic?"

"Yes!"

In response to Ash's question, the students all answered in unison.

Satisfied with their response, Ash grinned.

"Good. In that case, I will teach you magic with all my might. However, as I mentioned earlier, magic is a very dangerous thing. This not only applies to offensive magic but also means that if you fail to control your magical power, it can run wild. Follow my instructions and never take any actions on your own. If you can't follow that, I won't allow you to continue with the practice, so be prepared for that."

"Understood!"

"Good."

Having nodded at the students' responses, Ash immediately moved on to the magic practice.

"Now, the most important thing when using magic is controlling your magical power. This is the method recommended by His Majesty Shin Walford, who is recognized as the king of magicians and is the foundation of everything. So, we'll start with practicing magical power control. Everyone, spread out."

Following Ash's command, the students distanced themselves from each other.

"Now, remember the magic aptitude test. Place your hands in front of your chest, and gather magical power between them. But do it little by little. Remember, if you fail to control it and it goes wild, it might even be a matter of life and death!"

Having been given such a warning, the students focused on their magical power, feeling somewhat apprehensive.

During the magic aptitude test, they had only checked whether basic magical power could interact with the magical elements in the atmosphere, so this was the first time for all of them to practice actual magical power control.

Even if they were told to do it suddenly, there was no way they could, and everyone was struggling, making sounds like "Hmm!" or "Ugh!"

Ash was watching the students thinking that this was the usual scene, but he froze the moment he saw one particular group.

In this first class, there were students who could already control their magical power.

This meant that they had practiced magic before the start of the magic practice.

For Ash, this was an incredibly dangerous act, and his blood boiled with anger.

"Hey! You three over there!"

"Huh?"

"Hmm?"

"Yes!"

The ones who responded were Sylvester, Allen, and Cresta.

"You three! Did you practice magic on your own before the practice?! I told you not to practice on your own because it's dangerous!! What are your parents doing?!!"

Approaching Sylvester and the others with a powerful demeanor, Ash left Sylvester dumbfounded. But when he asked what their parents were doing, Sylvester answered.

"Um, we were taught by our dads."

"I learned from Silver's dad too."

"Me too..."

To think that the parents themselves were the ones teaching their children magic without permission.

This reckless act that endangered the children's safety made Ash even more furious.

"Your fathers took the lead and taught you?! What kind of household is this?! I will strongly protest!!"

Ash turned red with anger, and the students were nodding in agreement.

And no wonder...

"Um... it's the Walford family."

"Huh? What was that?"

"It's the name of our family, right? I'm Sylvester Walford, so our family name is Walford."

"..."

Upon hearing Sylvester's words, Ash felt a chill running down his spine.

He asked just to be sure, even though he had a feeling.

"By the way... your father's name is..."

"It's Shin Walford."

"!!?"

Ash was so astonished by Sylvester's answer that he couldn't close his open mouth.

"Wait? So you mean... you're Lord Shin's son?"

"Well, yes, but I'm not some grand figure as 'Lord's son.'"

"I apologize!!"

Seeing that Ash was about to say that his father was important, not himself, he interrupted him. Ash bent at a right angle, bowing deeply.

"I apologize for my impertinence, not knowing you were Lord Shin's son!"

"Oh, well, um! Th-this is embarrassing! Please, lift your head!"

"No, if Lord Shin is already teaching you, there's no need for me to instruct you in that case! Please feel free to do as you like!"

"Please! Even my father said it's not allowed to practice without supervision!"

"Oh... I see."

"Um... Please stop using formal language..."

"But..."

"It's your father who's great, not me. Please, I beg you."

Sylvester said this and bowed his head.

Seeing this, Ash finally calmed down and noticed that the students' gazes had turned cold.

"Ahem! Uh, sorry. I got a bit carried away."

"Got a bit? We were wondering," the students thought, but since he seemed to have regained his composure, they stopped giving him cold looks.

However, they still had questions.

"Teacher, why is it that if we've been taught by Lord Shin, we don't need your guidance?"

When a student asked this question, Ash had a puzzled expression on his face.

"Why? Because what I teach you is what I learned from Lord Shin."

"So, you mean he's your teacher?"

"That's right. Well, it's a teacher's teacher. But still, it was a terrible thing to say that you can do as you please without supervision. I'm sorry for those words."

"We understand. Our fathers told us absolutely not to do it without supervision as well."

Ash was moved by Sylvester's words and muttered as if he were impressed.

"Indeed, it's Lord Shin. He doesn't make any exceptions, not even for his own children."

Teaching magic before the magic practice was not making an exception? While thinking about it, in reality, they were only learning from parents who were the world's greatest magicians.

...Well, that was already quite exceptional. The students sent envious glances to Sylvester once again.

"So, does that mean you've also received guidance from Lord Shin?"

"Yes, we have. Because Silver and I are friends."

"Me too."

"I see. I see..."

Upon hearing Allen and Cresta's responses, Ash closed his eyes and furrowed his brow.

Was it not allowed to learn from anyone other than your parents?

Such doubts crossed their minds, but those concerns were quickly dispelled.

"...Jealous."

The instructor who was supposed to teach them magic looked genuinely envious.

The feelings were mutual! All the students, except for Sylvester and his friends, sympathized with the instructor. a fun fact
about the Roman Empire