

"Gnnn..."

Earlshyde Elementary School, first-year classroom.

In that classroom, a female student held her math test answers with a frustrated expression.

"Oh, Alisha. What score did you get on the test?" Max approached, holding her answers.

Alisha, in response to Max's question, shot him a brief glare and then glanced down at her answers.

"...What about you, Max?"

"Me? I got ninety-three points."

"What!?"

Alisha's voice suddenly rose, sounding as if she had been strangled, which startled Max.

"What about you, Rain?"

Alisha also asked Rain, who was with Max.

Then, Rain slowly spoke up.

"I got... seventy points."

"Rain..."

Upon hearing Rain's score, Alisha's expression turned tender, likely because Rain's score was lower than hers. However, her reaction was too obvious.

Alisha suddenly realized that her behavior might upset Rain, but she was already worried.

However...

"Well, it's better than I expected."

"Considering that you often doze off during class, it's impressive to get such a score, Rain."

"Yeah, my instincts were right."

"Instincts, huh..."

Alisha noticed that Rain might not be very fond of studying. If that were the case, she decided to take the initiative and speak to Rain.

"Um, Rain!"

"Hmm? What is it?"

"Well, if you don't mind..."

"Yeah?"

"Would you... study with me?"

She stumbled over her words again.

Despite gathering her courage to speak up, Alisha blushed and looked down, creating an awkward atmosphere.

Rain was the one to break the tension.

"Sure, why not?"

"Really!?"

"Oh, but..."

"Huh?"

"We usually study at Charlotte's house."

"Charlotte's..."

Charlotte's house.

In other words, the Wolford family's house.

Alisha had recently visited the Wolford family, where royals, heroes, saints, sages, and instructors all gathered in an incredible household.

Studying there?

Alisha's body trembled. Even if she were to study in such an environment, she had little confidence that her mind would be focused due to the distractions.

She was about to decline when she wanted to speak to Rain, but she was a step too late.

"Hey, Charlotte."

"What is it?"

"Oh, just..."

Alisha was stopped in her tracks, and Charlotte responded to Rain's call.

"What? Rain?"

"Yeah, Charlotte, what was your score?"

"Me? I got ninety-five points."

"What!?"

Once again, Alisha made a strangled sound, sounding as if she had been choked.

"What's wrong, Alisha-chan?"

"N-nothing at all."

Alisha was shocked by Charlotte's score. While it was higher than hers, Alisha had somehow assumed that Charlotte was not very smart.

That perception had been shattered since Charlotte scored higher than Alisha.

Alisha couldn't quite come to terms with it, but it seemed that this was not the case for Max and Rain.

"Wow, well done. Are you being taught by Sir Shin?"

"My mom teaches me too!"

With that, Alisha finally understood. Sir Shin was famous for his powerful magic, but he had also made significant contributions to the magical world by providing theoretical explanations for previously unexplored forms of magic. He was also skilled at teaching magic, and it was said that magic users who joined the Ultimate Magicians saw remarkable growth.

Saint Cecily was known to be an outstanding student from a young age, and she had been taught directly by her capable and skilled parents.

With such an environment and instruction, it was no wonder their academic performance was exceptional.

"What's wrong, Alisha-chan?"

"...It's nothing."

Alisha couldn't help but glare at Charlotte, but she knew it was just jealousy and didn't want to lash out at her any further.

"By the way..."

"Yes?"

Come to think of it, Rain had called Charlotte for another reason.

"Alisha wants to join our study group at Charlotte's house."

"Is that so!?"

Charlotte, upon hearing Rain's explanation, approached Alisha with excitement.

"Hey! You're nearby! So close!"

"Wow! Let's study together at my place!"

"Um, okay, okay, just give me some space!"

"Hooray!"

Charlotte was overjoyed at the prospect of having a new friend visit her home.

Alisha hadn't expected to receive such a warm reception, and she blushed, taken aback.

"By the way, what was Via-chan's score?"

With Max's question, Alisha suddenly realized that Octavia must be here as well.

Why had she forgotten?

As she was making excuses to herself that the idea of a study group at the Wolford house had been too shocking, Octavia smiled and answered, "I got ninety-eight points."

"Your Highness...!"

Alisha was left speechless by Octavia's casually mentioned score and looked at her with envy.

Indeed, as a member of the royal family, scoring ninety-eight points was an impressive achievement. However, Max and Rain seemed surprised.

"Huh? Is that so?"

"I thought it would be a perfect score."

"I made one calculation mistake. If not for that, I would have gotten a perfect score."

"Octavia's always thinking about her big brother!"

"Hey! I can't help but think about Silver Oniisama all the time, can I!?"

"...Your Highness..."

What Alisha initially thought was impressive due to the expectation of a perfect score was followed by a hint of disappointment.

Alisha couldn't help but feel disheartened by this turn of events.

"By the way, Alisha-san, what was your score?"

"Huh?"

She hadn't yet disclosed her score to the group, but doing so in front of them was embarrassing.

However, Octavia had already shared her score, so Alisha had no choice but to announce hers.

With determination, Alisha revealed her score.

"...I got eighty-eight points."

"Oh..."

It was undeniably a good score, but given that everyone else had received high scores, it felt somewhat underwhelming.

As Alisha trembled with embarrassment due to the reactions of Octavia and the others, she felt a comforting tap on her shoulder.

"Don't worry."

"Do I really need reassurance from Rain-kun!?"

Alisha couldn't help but comment on being consoled by Rain, who had scored lower than her.

"Well, well, if we study together, your scores will improve quickly. Silver Oniisama will help too."

"Silver-sama as well?"

Alisha had already met Sylvester, Charlotte's brother, several times and had been impressed by his gentlemanly behavior, which was not typical of an elementary schoolboy.

"By the way, is Silver-sama also outstanding?"

At Alisha's question, the four of them exchanged glances.

"When Silver Oniichan was in the third grade last year, he was first in the class."

"He's truly outstanding."

"Of course!"

"Ah!"

Octavia suddenly exclaimed loudly, startling Alisha into making a strange noise out of surprise.

"It's only natural for Silver Oniisama to be outstanding, as natural as the sun rising from the east and setting in the west! Just thinking about studying with Silver Oniisama... Oh, it makes my heart race!"

"By the way, Via-chan, I always wonder, why do you study at Charlotte's house? Don't you have a private tutor?"

"I would never need that! It's because Silver Oniisama teaches me, of course!"

"...Your Highness..."

What can I say? Well... I should avoid getting too close to Octavia when Sylvester is involved.

That was Alisha's vow.

However, during the study group, Octavia was taught by Sylvester. Alisha would have to witness this. As a result, Alisha couldn't help but feel anxious about the emotions she might develop toward Octavia. a code snippet
of a website's sticky header