 itinerary
for a literary tour of England, visiting famous authors' homes

The members of the research group, who had just come out of the hot spring, had strangely content expressions on their faces.

It seems like they were deeply moved by the old man's story.

The content of the story was a bit awkward, thanking my friends who had been alone, but...

And at the same time, the women also emerged from the hot spring.

They had strangely refreshed expressions, and they looked at me with gentle expressions.

Huh? What?

And while we were having the meal prepared after the bath, Grandma started talking about this training camp.

"Oh right, we decided something in the bath earlier. We were planning to act as guardians for you during this training camp, but we also intend to train you."

"Huh? Is that true?"

"Will Sir Merlin and Lady Merida be teaching us?"

The women seemed to already know, as they were calm, but the men who heard this for the first time were excited.

"Huh? Is that okay, Grandpa?"

"Hehe... I've never heard of this before..."

It seems that the old man wasn't informed.

"Well, I'll teach Shin about the image of magic. Grandpa will teach magic power control, and I will teach enchantment magic."

"Wow! It's like a dream!"

Yuri, who wanted to train in enchantment magic, was excited again.

It's rare to see her so excited. She's usually quite calm.

"So, I'll have some free time... Maybe it's time for some new magic experiments."

As I said this, everyone's movements came to a halt.

"Wait a moment, Shin."

"What? Grandma?"

"Not 'what'! You just said something that can't be ignored..."

"New magic and experiments..."

"Hey, please let us know when that time comes! We'll evacuate!"

Olivia stepped forward, somewhat scared.

"What... What kind of reaction is this?"

"What are you planning to do with this new magic?"

Og pressed for answers.

"No... I thought we might need new magic to defeat Strom..."

"Huh? I recall that you said you didn't go all out the last time you faced Strom, didn't you?"

Thor remembered the incident at the guardhouse.

Well, it's a new magic I'm using for the first time, so I understand the concern, but I feel like you're worrying too much...

"I think you should consider your actions up to now."

I can't argue with that...

Perhaps it was because we had relaxed in the hot spring the night before after a long journey, but I slept soundly.

The next morning, everyone who appeared at the breakfast table had refreshed expressions. The hot spring seemed to have worked its magic after all. It's the perfect place for our training camp accommodation.

When everyone mentioned this to Sicily and the staff, they seemed very pleased. Praising one's own territory always feels good.

And as planned the previous day, in the morning, we all practiced magic power control under Grandpa's supervision.

Grandpa's guidance on magic power control is still precise.

"Thor, your control is a bit off."

"Yes!"

"Sicily, you've got enough control for now, so let's try to increase your magic power a bit."

"Yes!"

"Lin, that's too much! It'll go out of control!"

"Huh? My bad."

As usual, Lin, on the verge of going out of control, was stopped by Grandpa at the last moment. She still goes out of control quite often... If you don't pay close attention and delay putting up a barrier, things can get quite messy.

By the end of this morning, everyone had increased the amount of magic power they could control.

After lunch, it was time for practical magic exercises supervised by me.

There's a reason why I wanted to try the magic here.

Everyone had mentioned that they could use magic by roughly understanding and imagining the process I had in mind.

Yes, "roughly."

It's not that they imagine that this "substance" causes this "reaction" to produce this "result." So, could it be possible to achieve things with even vaguer images, or physically impossible things, depending on the imagination?

For example, the image of "flammable gas," which is extremely vague. Would magic still activate with such an abstract image?

After all, I wasn't particularly good at science when I was a student. But magic has always worked according to my imagination.

So, could it be that I've always manifested what I believed in, exactly as I imagined it?

Watching everyone's practice, this idea was gaining even more conviction.

Maria cast a blazing fire magic. However, she didn't fully understand the principles of combustion.

Sicily unleashes blades of ice by freezing water. She doesn't have a detailed understanding of the molecular structure of water or the arrangement of molecules when they freeze.

Lin also produces numerous blades of wind, but she doesn't have a precise understanding either.

Everyone can use more powerful magic with their vague understanding compared to before.

It seems like my hypothesis is not wrong after all.

Only Grandma observes everyone's practice with a bewildered expression.

"You're really using all these kinds of magic without incantations... The Magician's Guild doesn't stand a chance..."

"But even though they're mass-produced, I think it would still be tough against demons."

"Seriously... this might really be a crisis for the world."

I only know the magic levels of academy students. Even with this level, I think it would be tough against demons. But if those around me haven't reached this level, it feels significantly challenging.

It's understandable that we can't do anything but watch demons rampage in the former imperial territory.

Even facing a single demon might be too much.

In the former imperial territory overrun by monsters, we can't even issue evacuation orders to the few towns and villages that are still safe. We can't even reach them.

It's a situation where thinking about it only leads to despair. For the sake of strengthening those who have now found themselves on the front lines and to increase our combat power, we have to make sure everyone gets stronger during this training camp.

After the practical exercises, we took a short break, and then it was finally time for my magic experiments.

Everyone was nervous and looking in my direction, but it's an experiment, so I won't start with a big magic spell.

First, I tried to imagine highly flammable gas. Then I used a fire-starting magic to ignite it...

Whoosh!

It burned up and disappeared all at once, like a magician producing fire.

This works!

"Is that the new magic?"

"No, I was just confirming it."

Now, it's time for the main event. But even then, I will take it step by step and test it gradually.

I'm going to try an explosion magic.

First, I create a sphere with air, trapping the gas I imagined earlier inside it.

The reason gas explodes is that it ignites in a sealed space, and the gas expands rapidly. Since it's sealed, there is no escape for the expanding gas, and the sealed space ruptures...

Pop!

I had been using explosion magic with this principle until now. And even though I made the gas sphere considerably smaller than before, the explosion was much stronger than ever.

Looking around, everyone had puzzled expressions on their faces. This is still just part of the experiment preparation, though.

Now, onto the next step. The next step is the manifestation of magic based on an image that defies physical laws.

The image I'm focusing on is "directionality." I imagine the shockwave of an exploding sphere spreading in concentric circles but directed only forward.

I create a gas sphere, just like before, and imagine the directional shockwave forming within it.

Then...

Boom!

I did it! It worked!

The exploding shockwave didn't come toward me; it released its energy only forward.

Alright! With this, the preparations are complete.

"Everyone, I think it should be fine, but let's deploy magic barriers just in case. There might be unexpected outcomes."

Upon hearing those words, everyone hurriedly deployed magic barriers at full power.

Even though I said I thought it would be fine...

With a slight sense of loneliness about the low level of trust in me, I continued with the magic preparation.

First, I gather the gas I used earlier and compress it. More compression, more compression, more compression.

I also make the surrounding air wall slightly thicker to prepare for the release of a larger explosion energy.

Lastly, I imagine the directionality of the shockwave and activate the magic.

Upon impact, a spark is created to ignite the gas.

And then...

BOOOOOOOOM!

An enormous explosion occurred, and the magic was successfully cast.

Thanks to the directionality, the shockwave didn't come at all toward me from the epicenter.

And from the epicenter...

"Shin... What kind of magic did you create?"

"This... the terrain has..."

"Ah... Ahahaha... Am I dreaming?"

"It's not a dream, it's reality."

"Is this a lie?! The landscape is completely different from just a moment ago!"

"I can't believe it..."

The barren wasteland that had been there moments ago had transformed, and it had been blown away, revealing a beautifully smoothed landscape that extended endlessly.

Yeah...

I may have gone too far!