content strategy
for a newsletter featuring free local weekend events

Today, I'm going out with Grandpa again.

But that doesn't mean we're going shopping or having a picnic or anything like that. The purpose of today is somewhat like a test to see how much I've improved in using magic. So, we're not in the usual forest, but in a barren wilderness with no trees or grass.

Since Grandpa showed me this place, I've been practicing magic here.

"Hmm? Was this the kind of terrain here?" Grandpa mutters something.

"You haven't been here in a while, so maybe you're remembering it wrong? Well, let's get started before we worry about that," I urge Grandpa to start while feeling a little nervous.

"That's right. Well then, let's see how much magic Shin can use," Grandpa says.

With that, the so-called 'graduation test' begins.

I immediately focus my magic power. Now, which magic should I start with? Maybe I'll begin with the basic 'Fire'?

First, I imagine combustion. Igniting the oxygen in the air to create a spark. Then, I absorb the surrounding oxygen to fuel the flames. The flames created in this way absorb enough oxygen and keep getting hotter.

"I've never seen a pale blue flame like this..."

And then I create several of these flames around me.

"I've never seen so many flames like this..."

I create the flames in almost an instant. Then, I direct the flames toward the ground a little distance away.

Thud!

They make a muffled sound upon impact.

Although it's a superheated flame, it doesn't explode, so there's no scattering. However, the ground where the superheated flame hit melts and becomes like magma. Some parts have turned into glass.

...

Huh? What's Grandpa's reaction?

Well, never mind. On to the next one.

Next, I create the same flame as before and shape it into a long, thin form, and then add rotation. I imagine it as a bullet.

The bullet of flame I shoot hits the same spot as before but at a significantly higher speed.

Boom!

Due to the added element of speed, it doesn't just melt from the heat but also blows the surroundings away with its acceleration.

...

Huh? Again?

Alright, on to the next one.

...It might be a bit hard to understand. For example, if you draw two points on a piece of paper and try to connect them with the shortest distance, it's not about drawing a straight line. The shortest distance is to fold the paper and connect the points directly.

With that image in mind, the gate opened easily.

I don't directly teleport because teleporting means disassembling the body and reconstructing it at the destination. I couldn't bring myself to try it, imagining what might happen if the reconstruction went wrong.

As I was about to return through the gate...

"Oh... this is quite something. Well, if I can use this magic, I can come back anytime, so there's no need to feel down," Grandpa said.

Oh, right! With this, I can come back anytime!

...Yes, I didn't realize that until now.

With those concerns dispelled, I felt much more at ease and returned home.

The next day, a celebration was held for my fifteenth birthday. The attendees were Grandpa, Grandma Merida, Mr. Michel, Uncle Dis, Sister Chris, Brother Zeke, and Uncle Tom.

Some of these people were only mentioned by name, and some are being mentioned for the first time.

Uncle Dis has sandy blond hair, a mustache, and emerald-colored eyes. He's a nice middle-aged man. He always wears very high-quality clothes and exudes a sense of class or charisma, like a successful businessman. He's a very friendly man, but he often has complicated discussions with Grandpa, the details of which he never shares, so I don't know what he does.

Sister Chris is a woman in her early twenties with red hair in a ponytail and brown eyes. She always wears armor that doesn't hinder her movements and has a slim and toned body. She's very serious and disciplined, so I've rarely seen her laugh. She's a kind person, but she can come off as a bit reserved or unsociable. She has big, cute eyes and a pretty face, but it seems like she's missing out on some things.

Brother Zeke is a handsome guy with silver hair and blue eyes. He wears comfortable clothing and a robe, indicating he's a magician. He's good-looking, easygoing, and has a light-hearted personality, so it's not surprising to hear that he leads a carefree life. He often gets into arguments with Sister Chris when they meet.

I'm often scolded by Grandma Merida and Mr. Michel not to fight in front of me.

Uncle Tom is the merchant who comes to the house, as I mentioned earlier. He seems to be a representative of a fairly large store, but he owes a favor to Grandpa, so he still brings the goods to our house himself. He's a slightly chubby man with brown hair and eyes, and his good-natured appearance gives him an air of authority as a merchant. He's a very kind man who often brings books and other items.

Sister Chris and Brother Zeke have started coming with Uncle Dis recently, while Grandma Merida, Mr. Michel, Uncle Dis, and Uncle Tom have been coming for a long time.

All these guests of Grandpa came to celebrate my birthday.

By the way, I don't know my exact birthdate, so I celebrate the day I was found as my first birthday. I was found when I was around one year old.

And so, the celebration of my fifteenth birthday began, with Uncle Dis taking charge.

"Now, our hero, young Merlin's grandson, has reached the auspicious age of fifteen and become an adult. To celebrate this, I'd like to propose a toast. Everyone, please raise your glasses. To Shin's fifteenth birthday and adulthood, cheers!"

"Cheers!"

"Thank you, everyone."

And so, the feast began.

"That little baby Shin has become an adult...," Grandpa said. For a while, Grandpa and Grandma bragged about their grandson, which made me feel a bit embarrassed, but eventually, the conversation turned to my future.

"By the way, Shin, what are you going to do from now on?" Uncle Dis asked.

"Good question. For now, I'll go to the nearby town."

"I see. And then?"

"And then?"

Come to think of it, I hadn't really thought about what to do after arriving in the town.

The room fell into silence.

"What? Don't you have any plans? If you go to a town or a city, you can become a monster hunter or start a magic item shop with your enchanted magic. If you're that handsome, you might even make friends with girls who'll take care of you," Uncle Dis suggested.

"Having such thoughts is just like you," Brother Zeke and Sister Chris retorted, clearly not agreeing with him.

"Hunter? Can you become a magic item shop owner right away?"

Huh? Do you get paid for defeating monsters? I understand becoming a magic item shop owner, but you can't open a shop that quickly, right?

"I don't think it's likely, but... Shin, have you ever gone shopping or done any business transactions before?"

"Now that you mention it, I've only ever shopped with Mr. Tom. Grandpa handled the money, so I've never done it myself."

When I answered Uncle Tom's question, another silence fell.

"Merlin... You..."

If you have any more questions or need further assistance, please don't hesitate to ask.

"Lord Merlin, this is..."

Grandma Merida and Uncle Michel look at Grandpa.

And then, Grandpa says...

"Oh, I forgot to teach him common sense."

"What?!"

Come to think of it, I haven't been taught much other than magic. why popcorn pops
to a kid who loves watching it in the microwave