

"Your Highness. His Highness Augustus."

"Hmm?"

Augustus, who was moving within the Royal Castle of Arlsheid, was stopped by a man who appeared to be a bureaucrat.

"What's the matter?"

"I apologize for stopping you, Your Highness. His Majesty Dicium wishes to speak with you."

"My father?"

"Yes. He is waiting for you in the conference room."

"Understood. Thank you for your efforts."

"Your kind words are unnecessary."

So, Augustus being summoned by Dicium had become quite common recently.

After the Crown Prince ceremony, he had actively participated in national affairs even before becoming the Crown Prince. This was largely thanks to Shin.

Shin was a friend who had no reservations for the first time in his life. Moreover, that friend was not one to exercise self-restraint or common sense. Whenever Shin caused a commotion, he would take the initiative to clean up the mess.

And now, Shin was the Deputy of the Ultimate Magicians.

Since Merlin had retired to a semi-hermit's life, in reality, he had become the second most powerful magician in the world.

As a result, Augustus had considerable influence, especially in military matters. Currently, the top priority on the kingdom's parliamentary agenda was the recent campaign against the Demon Territory, in which Augustus had also been involved until recently.

The reason he was called now was likely to hear Augustus's opinions on the final phase of that campaign.

"We must strive to issue a declaration of the campaign's conclusion as soon as possible. We can't hold our wedding until it's over."

"Your Highness, do you still want to marry Lady Ellie as soon as possible, or is it for Lord Shin?"

"Well, certainly, those are some of the reasons, but..."

"Do you have any other reasons for wanting to hold the wedding sooner?"

Toole and Julius, who served as his attendants and guards, questioned Augustus's desire to resolve the situation quickly and hold the wedding.

"Our wedding with Shin will be officiated by Her Holiness Ekaterina, the head of the Creation God Church. In other words, the wedding of heroes who saved the world will be officiated by the most beloved person in the world. What kind of spectacle will that be?"

"That would be a peaceful and joyful spectacle, wouldn't it?"

"Yes, Your Highness... You may have your position, but you sometimes neglect yourself. Please pay more attention to yourself."

"There are times when it's painful to watch."

Upon hearing these words from Toole and Julius, Augustus fell into silence.

Recently, perhaps influenced by Shin, he had become more outspoken, but when had he become so assertive? Moreover, it wasn't just criticism; it was a thoughtful statement.

"It's a surprising change..."

They had been together since childhood, always acting together, but they had never had an equal conversation due to their different positions. However, ever since they met Shin at the Advanced Magic Academy, the change had been remarkable.

Shin considered his feelings and even gave his opinion. Augustus couldn't help but smile at this development.

"I see, I understand your points."

"Then..."

"Yes, I do. Still, the meaning behind this wedding won't change, but let's look forward to the ceremony."

Saying so, Augustus smiled warmly.

Seeing this, Toole and Julius felt relieved.

"Alright then, let's have your wedding as grand as well."

"What?!"

"I can't be the only one enjoying this. How about after the ceremony, we parade through the capital in an open carriage?"

"Your Highness, please spare us!"

"We'd die of embarrassment!"

"Hahaha. Don't be shy. How about we get a band and a circus for the parade?"

"Please, Your Highness!"

It was unclear whether Augustus was just covering his embarrassment or was serious. But if left unchecked, he would surely carry it out.

Fearing a nightmare, Toole and Julius desperately sought his forgiveness.

And this scene was witnessed by the palace servants, bureaucrats, officials, and military personnel.

"Right! How about we also call an orchestra and a circus?"

"Help us!"

The people working in the palace looked at the exchange between the prince and his attendants with fond smiles.

Monster Hunter Association.

Originally, the association was established to prevent merchants from exploiting materials obtained from slain monsters. It would purchase monster materials at fair market prices and then distribute them to those in need. They would profit from this by adding a margin.

The collection of monster materials implied the defeat of a considerable number of monsters, and as a result, hunters who replaced the knights in monster slaying began to receive subsidies from the government. This led to the introduction of bounties for the act of slaying monsters, with the association collecting a small fee as a percentage of these subsidies, further contributing to their profits.

Therefore, the more monsters one hunted and the more materials one collected, the more revenue they generated. It was truly an organization whose livelihood was centered around monster hunting.

To make use of the association, no special registration was required. It was as simple as applying to have the number of monsters defeated recorded in one's citizen card. There were no hunter ranks or the like.

There were different bounties for small, medium, large, and catastrophe-class monsters, but the choice of which monsters to defeat was entirely up to the judgment and responsibility of the hunters.

So, there were no formal requests or commissions, but hunters still visited the association before embarking on monster hunting. This was to check the inventory status of monster materials. The purchase price for monster materials would rise if there was a shortage in the inventory, and conversely, it would decrease if there was an excess.

Hunters gathered at the association to assess the inventory situation and determine their targets. One day, two girls visited the Hunter Association.

"I wonder which materials have a high rate today."

"Maria... that's so uncouth. Are you really a noble's daughter?"

"Stop nagging, Miranda!"

The two girls were Maria and Miranda. Since their joint training at the Advanced Magic Academy and the Knight Cadet Academy, they got along well and often went monster hunting together.

Miranda aimed to hone her skills in combat against monsters, while Maria did it for relaxation and pocket money.

"Well, you know, it's tough when there are so many lovey-dovey couples around."

"Yeah, Maria's always surrounded by fiancés and couples."

"Being single in the midst of all that is tough, you know!"

"Haha... Maria, you're still doing fine. As for me, I'm not even treated like a woman by the guys around me, and the men are so irritating..."

Maria, feeling out of place among couples, teased Miranda, who was struggling to deal with clueless men.

Miranda's Knight Cadet Academy had a male-to-female ratio of nine to one. In other words, it was predominantly male.

There were very few female students, and the female students at the Knight Academy were not treated as women. As a result, the male students at the Knight Academy no longer cared about attracting the opposite sex.

And when a group of teenage boys gathered, they tended to act foolishly.

"They're always talking about girls. And they don't even recognize women like us with muscular bodies. They engage in childish games and make a ruckus... Honestly, they should learn from someone like Wolfrid."

"Oh? What's this? Miranda, are you in love with Shin?"

Maria, eager to tease Miranda for wanting others to learn from Shin, quickly caught on.

"I'm not that lacking in principles to fall for someone who's openly lovey-dovey with his girlfriend. I just admire him."

"Well, that's boring. But you should think twice about wanting to learn from Shin."

"What do you mean?"

"Shin... well, he tries his best to do what he believes is the best thing he can do, but he just lacks moderation and doesn't know common sense."

"Is that so?"

"Because, have you ever seen someone knee a tiger-like monster?"

"...Actually, I have."

"I've only seen him do something of that caliber. I can't believe he does such unbelievable things."

"Well, if that's what he does with that level... maybe I shouldn't ask, it sounds scary."

"It's better not to ask, for the sake of your mental health."

Having gone on many monster hunting missions with Maria, Miranda knew the incredible power of this friend. Seeing Maria say all this, Miranda felt a chill run down her spine.

Ignoring Miranda, who was trembling, Maria asked about something that had been on her mind since recently.

"By the way, I heard you started getting training from the Sword Saint. How's it going?"

In response, Miranda's eyes gleamed as if she had asked the perfect question, and she began to speak enthusiastically.

"It's amazing! It's so great that it makes me question everything I've learned so far!"

"I see...?"

Maria responded with slight hesitation as she saw Miranda's sudden excitement.

"Oh, it's incredible! I get beaten to a pulp every single day. Every single day! Oh, it's wonderful!"

So, Miranda turned out to be a bit of a masochist...

With that in mind, Maria looked a bit distant.

In what world could there be a girl who is happy to be beaten to a pulp every day? She was secretly quite taken aback. However, Miranda was a friend she had recently made, and she didn't want to create any disturbances. So, Maria decided to head for the monster hunt and not make waves.

"Come on, Miranda. We know the Sword Saint's training is amazing, so let's hurry to the hunt."

"Yeah! I want to test how much I've improved from the training!"

The training by Sword Saint Michel wasn't limited to the dojo. He believed that practical combat training should be done in actual battles, and after training in the dojo for a while, he incorporated practical combat, such as monster hunting, into his teaching.

Today marked the first monster hunt for Miranda since she started receiving training from Michel. While she was feeling down when talking about the academy's boys, she was now genuinely excited. While chuckling at Miranda's enthusiasm, Maria tried to check today's material rates.

At that moment...

"What the heck? The Hunter's Association in the capital has girls doing the hunting too?"

"Hahaha! It looks like the capital's association has pretty low standards, huh?"

"Maybe we should be the top hunters instead, shouldn't we?"

Such words came from some of the hunters.

In addition to Maria and Miranda, there were other female hunters, but they were all of marriageable age. Maria and Miranda were the only ones referred to as girls. This comment was probably directed at them, and they turned their heads in the direction of the voices.

There, they saw a trio of men with lewd grins on their faces, openly assessing them.

"Hey, ladies. Instead of trying to be hunters, why don't you entertain us?"

"Yeah, yeah! We're stronger than those spineless Hunter wannabes from the capital, and we've got what they don't!"

"Down there too!"

Their laughter was equally crude.

The most significant reactions to their comments were not from Maria and Miranda but from the other hunters around them. Judging from their behavior, it was evident that these men had come from the countryside. They couldn't tolerate these outsiders belittling the capital's hunters, and what's more, these men were addressing Maria and Miranda with their lewd looks and words.

The anger of the hunters from the capital was on the verge of reaching its boiling point against these presumptuous men. Just then...

"Wow, this is the most vulgar pick-up attempt I've ever had."

"Amazing. I thought that kind of language only existed in stories. It really does happen."

"It's kinda funny, isn't it?"

In contrast to the rising anger of the crowd, the two women who were subjected to the lewd comments seemed completely unbothered. In fact, they found the lines that one typically hears only in stories to be amusing, and they burst into laughter.

After a good laugh, the two women seemed to lose interest, shifting their focus to the bulletin board displaying the material rates. For them, this story was already over.

However, for the men who had been laughed at, it was far from over.

"What the hell, you bastards! Why are you laughing?"

"Do you want to die!?"

"Don't underestimate us! Hey!"

The men became furious with such insolent behavior. They had come from the countryside, hoping to make a name for themselves in the capital. They were determined not to be disrespected, and when they entered the Hunter Association in the capital, they found young girls acting nonchalantly. That led them to believe that the capital's Hunter Association wasn't particularly high level.

Thinking this way, they approached the girls as they did earlier, but the girls, far from being insulted, simply laughed at them. Their pride was wounded, which led them to lose their temper and confront Maria and Miranda.

However...

"Wait a minute. Can you not come any closer? You smell."

The magical barrier created by Maria stopped them in their tracks, preventing them from advancing any further.

"What the... this barrier!"

"We can't move forward!"

"Damn it!"

Though they were astonished by the magical barrier put up by Maria, the men still stubbornly reached out. However, before their hands could touch Maria and her friend, Miranda intervened.

"Excuse me, you're making too much noise."

"What?!?"

Indeed, the young women who were right in front of them had somehow appeared behind the men without their notice. Miranda had moved at high speed using her jet boots, and her swift actions had taken the men completely by surprise. Then, before they could resist, they fell to the ground without a chance to draw their swords.

Witnessing this, the surrounding hunters quickly restrained the rowdy men.

And so, a commotion had arisen in the Association since morning, but the girls who had been harassed, Maria and Miranda...

"We need to tell everyone about this later."

"You're right. This was the first time we've been approached."

"Oh, by the way, Miranda, I have something for you from Shin."

"What? Really?"

"Yes, here you go."

"Oh... is this..."

"It's a Vibrationsword. The hilt is the same, so it's just the blade."

"Wow, thank you!"

Having finished checking the material rates, they left the Association, chatting about various things, and headed out for their hunt.

Those left behind watched in astonishment as the two happily left the Association, laughing and cheering.

"Good grief. Those girls are something else."

"They're actually quite remarkable. Their battlefield is different from ours."

"Thinking about it that way, were these guys brave?"

The hunters from the capital commented in various ways.

In contrast, the three men who had come from the countryside were confused.

"What's with them? What kind of people are they!?"

"Did you guys just arrive in the capital?"

"We got here yesterday!"

"In that case, you couldn't have known."

"So what does that mean!?"

Getting irritated, one of the men asked a hunter from the capital.

"Have you ever heard about the knight academy girl who made a significant contribution during the recent demon realm subjugation mission?"

"Uh, yeah. They say she dealt the finishing blow to a Catastrophic-class... Wait, you don't mean?"

"That's the girl who defeated you."

The men had never imagined they would come across the mythical figure they had only heard about in rumors.

"Damn! We're unlucky! To run into a monster like that!"

They grumbled in frustration.

This led to laughter from the surrounding hunters.

"What are you laughing at?"

"Miranda being called a monster. I wonder what that makes Maria."

"I have no idea."

"Hey, don't say that in front of her. She might snap."

"Agreed!"

The hunters kept laughing.

"Cut it out! We don't understand any of this!"

Feeling as if they were being ridiculed, one of the men yelled.

"You know the girl who put up that magical barrier? Compared to her, Miranda is still pretty ordinary, right?"

"What on earth is that girl?"

"Do you guys know about the Ultimate Magicians?"

"Huh? Of course, who doesn't know them?"

The saviors of the nation.

The group of magicians led by Shin Walford, known as the "Demon King" and "God's Messenger," is considered the most potent magical assembly in history.

Now, it is an existence recognized worldwide, extending beyond this country alone.

With the sudden mention of these facts, the men were perplexed.

However, what the hunters said next left the men astounded.

"They're the Ultimate Magicians."

"Huh?"

"That's why that girl is the third seat among the Ultimate Magicians. She's Maria, the 'Valkyrie.'"

The shocking truth uttered by the hunters left the men's brains frozen.

"You tried to make a move on Maria of the Ultimate Magicians, and this is all that happened. Is it good luck or bad luck? I wonder which it is?"

After a brief pause, the men, who had seemingly rebooted, muttered something entirely different from before.

"Maybe... we were lucky."

"Huh?"

"Maybe we're not sick."

"It's okay, what could it be?"

"Maybe someone is gossiping about us."

"Good looking! Handsome is more like it!"

Maria and Miranda continued laughing as they walked on.

Maria had no way of knowing that her wish had been shattered into pieces.