Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1001 The Arrival of A Powerful Figure (1)

“Could it be that the Fiendcelestial Beast mentioned by the Qinglin Sect’s previous Grand Elder is the treasure on Ye Qingtang…”

Immediately, Duan Tianrao and the members of the Duan Family were in thought. Judging from the situation, an item that even the previous Grand Elder of Qinglin Sect cared so much about must definitely be a great piece of treasure. In this case, it could be explained why Ye Qingtang could harm Clan Master Long, a half-step Yin Yang Perfected Lord.

It was just that everyone was extremely curious to know what kind of presence the so-called Fiendcelestial Beast was for a true Yin Yang Perfected Lord to pay so much attention to.

Yet, no one dared to raise the question.

“Master, this bastard still has a black-grade weapon!” Clan Master Long looked at the elderly in the air and said hurriedly.

Clan Master Long had left the sect for a long time and naturally did not know what a Fiendcelestial Beast was.

“Black-grade weapon?”

The elderly laughed plainly upon hearing Clan Master Long and said, “Compared to the Fiendcelestial Beast that this girl obtained in the mystic realm, a black-grade weapon is nothing.”

“What…”

Clan Master Long and everyone present were taken aback. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Even a black-grade weapon could not be compared to a Fiendcelestial Beast?!

What kind of shocking treasure was hidden on Ye Qingtang?!

“Ye Qingtang, hurry hand that Fiendcelestial Beast or something over. This is Qinglin Sect’s previous Grand Elder, a true Yin Yang Perfected Lord!”

“That’s right! Ye Qingtang, the Grand Elder had already promised in front of everyone. As long as you hand your treasure out, he will not haggle about it. Could it be that you still refuse to admit your errors or do you think that your treasure can even go against a true Yin Yang Perfected Lord!”

After hearing the elderly, the senior members of the Ye family looked at Ye Qingtang and ordered incessantly.

However, Ye Qingtang did not plan to bother with these senior members and did not respond.

Ye Ling and the Second Elder had a complicated expression. They never expected so many things to happen after Ye Qingtang returned to Lin Town.

When Ye Qingtang returned, Ye Ling had already told her to leave earlier… If Ye Qingtang listened to him, there would not be these many disasters…

It was not that Ye Ling was afraid of troubles but that he was unwilling to have Ye Qingtang encounter such danger.

They were already at a loss of what to do when facing a half-step Yin Yang Perfected Lord from the Long Family. Now that they were facing the previous Grand Elder of Qinglin Sect, a true Yin Yang Perfected Lord, they were all the more in despair.

Death seemed to be looming above them.

“Tang Tang, hand the Fiendcelestial Beast to them!”

At this instant, even the Second Elder of the Ye Family could not help but persuade her.

No matter what kind of shocking treasure it was, one’s life was more important. What was the point of everything if one’s life was lost?!

Moreover, that Grand Elder had already said that as long as Ye Qingtang was willing to hand that so-called Fiendcelestial Beast over, he could let bygones be bygones and spare Ye Qingtang’s life!

The words of sects’ Grand Elders carried weight, and this Grand Elder was also a Yin Yang Perfected Lord. Since he said that he would spare Ye Qingtang’s life, he would definitely be able to do so and fulfill his own promise. Of course, the premise was that Ye Qingtang had to cooperate and hand the Fiendcelestial Beast to him…