Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1009 Reform (3)

Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Second Elder, what happened to you?” Ye Ling looked at the Second Elder who was still dumbfounded and asked with furrowed brows.

The Second Elder took a deep breath to calm himself down only after Ye Ling called him several times.

He originally thought that the Ye Family and Ye Qingtang would definitely face a calamity today, but never had he thought that… the calamity would actually fall on the Long Family, Duan Family, and that previous Grand Elder of Qinglin Sect!

In just a short span of two years, Ye Qingtang actually progressed from a Connate cultivator into a Yang Lord who could stun the entire mainland

With the facts lying right before his eyes, he had to face it clearly even if it seemed a fantasy.

“Tang Tang! You… You actually… This…” The Second Elder was speechless as he looked at Ye Qingtang. He had never seen a Yin Yang Perfected Lord in his life before and all the more never dared to think that he could have any relations with a legendary Yang Lord!

However, the fact was that he was the second uncle of a Yang Lord!

Previously, the Second Elder tried to persuade Ye Qingtang to hand the Fiendcelestial Beast over to that Yin Yang Perfected Lord as he was afraid that something would happen to Ye Qingtang. Now, it seemed that he was overly worried…

“Second Uncle, keep these weapons and elixirs properly and distribute them to the new disciples of the Ye Family in the future. You can choose whatever weapons and elixirs you like. There’s no need to hold yourself back as I still have a lot more at my side.” As Ye Qingtang spoke, she handed all the items to the Second Elder.

“Haha. Sure, sure!” The Second Elder received the items and responded agitatedly. “I want to see who dares to offend our Ye Family from now on! Oh right, if the natural endowments of the future Ye Family disciples are bad, we must not want them!”

“…” Ye Qingtang stared blankly at the Second Elder.

Late in the night, Ye Qingtang, Ye Ling, the Great Elder, and the Second Elder were in the study room. The Third Elder had already left with Ye Qingtang’s Divine Sense to recruit powerful figures suitable for the Ye Family.

After discussion, the eventual decision was to combine the entire Long Family and Duan Family as a part of the Ye Family. As for the disciples of the two family clans, they could leave. As long as they were not a direct descendant of the family clan, they would be considered if they wished to join the Ye Family.

The second morning, Clan Master Si and Si Ye personally paid a visit to the Ye Family.

Clan Master Si and Si Ye were already clearly aware of yesterday’s incident. Never in their dreams would they have thought that Ye Qingtang was currently a Yang Lord!

“Grandfather Si.” Ye Qingtang called when she saw Clan Master Si walking into the hall of the Ye residence.

“Hahaha, Tang Tang… You’re still willing to call me Grandfather Si now. This is enough for me to boast for my entire lifetime!” Clan Master Si beamed.

“It’s not just enough for grandfather to boast. The fact that my younger sister Qingtang is a Yang Lord is enough for me to boast about for ten lifetimes.” Si Ye commented with a laugh.

Ye Qingtang laughed helplessly. “Grandfather Si is Qingtang’s grandfather forever.”

In reality, given Si Bai’s martial talent, it was easy for Si Bai to become a Holy Venerate in the future now that he survived in this lifetime.

Of course, Clan Master Si and Si Ye did not know anything about this.

“Alright, Tang Tang. You said it. You can’t eat your words!” Clan Master Si said hurriedly.

After using Ye Qingtang’s elixir, Clan Master Si’s illness disappeared in a night, and his martial skills improved another level. Presently, he was glowing with health and was extremely resplendent.

As for Si Ye, he was beaming with confidence with the superior yellow-grade sword hanging on his waist.

“Haha, Old Si, let’s dispense with the formalities.” The Great Elder laughed.