Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1011 Prosperity (1)

Clan Master Si was caught off guard by Ye Qingtang. Just as the Second Elder of the Ye Family had said, the Si Family had had several centuries of history ever since its formation in Lin Town. If it was really combined into other family clans, it would indeed be a little difficult to accept. However, due to the oppression of the Long Family, the Si Family was almost at the end of their resources, and there were no other options at the time.

Yet, Ye Qingtang declared that she was half a Si and even injected the Divine Sense energy of a Yang Lord into Si Ye’s glabella. As long as Si Ye displayed Ye Qingtang’s Yang Lord will, there would definitely be countless powerful figures willing to join the Si Family to create a glorious future together.

“Tang Tang, thank you…” F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Clan Master Si looked at Ye Qingtang and ultimately thanked her.

The Si Family’s debt to Ye Qingtang could no longer be explained in words. Two years ago, it was also because of Ye Qingtang that Si Bai could survive.

Presently, even his chronic illness was eliminated by Ye Qingtang’s precious elixirs, and in the future when the Si Family could become even more powerful, it was all because of Ye Qingtang as well. Apart from thanking Ye Qingtang, Clan Master Si did not know what else he could say.

However, Ye Qingtang shook her head gently and instead felt that Clan Master Si was too polite.

When Clan Master Si and Si Ye left, Ye Qingtang, Ye Ling, and the other elders set off for the Long Family and Duan Family.

However, the headquarters of both family clans were in shambles from the blow that Ye Qingtang dealt from the Ye residence, which almost destroyed these two headquarters completely.

Over several days, they finally cleared all the items from these two families and claimed it into the Ye Family.

Ye Ling also returned all the properties that the Long Family gobbled up from the Si Family back to the Si Family.

As for the disciples of the Long Family and Duan Family, all of them were dispelled. Some of those who wanted to join the Ye Family were all rejected by the Second Elder.

After all, given Ye Qingtang’s current influence as a Yang Lord, there was no need for the Ye Family’s disciples to be taken from the Long or Duan Family.

In just two to three days, everyone knew that the Long Family was wiped out and that the Ye Family had a Yin Yang Perfected Lord.

Countless young men and ladies from many other cities headed to Lin Town in hopes of taking a look at the glory of the Yin Yang Perfected Lord. However, the majority of them were rejected.

As more and more talented youngsters wanted to become a disciple of the Ye Family, the Ye Family also raised their standards. In order to become a Ye Family disciple, one’s spirit root was not a concern, but their martial talent and character must pass the test.

As for the Si Family, it was also especially lively for them. With Ye Qingtang’s will energy, Si Ye actually brought several Yin Yang Perfected Lords back to the Si Family, who eventually took on the Elder position of the Si Family. Most of the talented young people who were unable to enter the Ye Family ultimately turned to join the Si Family.

The Yin Yang Perfected Lord Elders of the Si Family were extremely agitated upon seeing Ye Qingtang as they had never seen a true Yang Lord in their lifetimes before.

Ye Qingtang’s self-declaration as Clan Master Si’s granddaughter and half a member of the Si Family allowed the Yin Yang Perfected Lords to protect and progress with the Si Family.

Another two days later, Third Elder finally rushed back to Lin Town after a tiring journey and brought back two elderlies whose hair was all white.

Both elders were already past a hundred years old. One of them was already in the Yin Yang Perfected Lord Third Heaven while the other was at the peak of the Second Heaven.