Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1018 Flourish (3)

Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Ye Family disciple… Your surname is Dan?” Ye Leng asked with a strange expression.

“Oh… Dan Yifan is my original name. From now on, I am Ye Yifan.” Ye Yifan explained hurriedly after realizing he made a mistake.

Ye Leng nodded and looked at Ye Qingtang again only to realize that she had already left the study room. Then, the two youth chased up hurriedly.

The current Ye Family was extremely different. The headquarters expanded by more than ten times, and three additional branches were built. Where the headquarters was mostly filled with talented disciples, the branches were slightly lacking even though each Branch Master was a newly recruited Yin Yang Perfected Lord.

Dozens of foreign faces surrounded the two sides of the training field. Some disciples were caught in a tussle with the gleam of swords cutting the air and cursing sounds filling the arena.

Before becoming Ye Family disciples, these few youths already knew each other and bore enmity. After something happened today, their conflict escalated into a fight.

The cultivation base of the few youths was all at Martial Qi Level Three Third Heaven, and they could be ranked near the top out of all the new Ye Family disciples.

As for the surrounding onlookers, some were even half-step Yin Yang Perfected Lords. Yet, no one was willing to poke their nose into this matter and were only watching from the side.

“Stop!”

At this instant, Ye Leng walked into the crowd and shouted to those in the scuffle.

Everyone was surprised. Never did they think that someone would meddle with this matter.

The young men who were originally fighting in the training field indeed stopped their actions and fixed their eyes on Ye Leng.

“Who are you to poke your nose into our issue?!” One of the youths looked at Ye Leng and shouted coldly.

Apart from those in the tussle, the onlookers also could not help but give Ye Leng a side-eye. Very few people would step in for such matters if it had nothing to do with themselves as there was no meaning to it.

Ye Leng did not respond and merely looked at Ye Qingtang, who arrived with him.

As what others were thinking, this matter was not what he could handle.

Ye Qingtang immediately swept a look across the entire field, and her eyes eventually landed on those few youths.

These youths were at least in Martial Qi Level Three Third Heaven, and their martial endowment was pretty good, even surpassing those of talented disciples of super sects.

A portion of them was recruited by Formidable Heavens Dynasty’s Grand Imperial Sire, Bai Kui, and a number of them were by Daoist Zijin. Naturally, the remaining disciples came to try their luck upon learning that a Yang Lord appeared in Lin Town. After they knew that it was the Ye Family and passed the assessment by Elder Bai Kui and Elder Zijin, they officially changed their surname to Ye and became a Ye Family disciple.

Currently, there were over hundreds of Ye Family disciples, and most of these new talented disciples did not know each other prior to joining the Ye Family. As such, they had never seen Ye Leng’s nor Ye Qingtang’s faces before.

“Ha… How interesting.” One of the young men looked at Ye Qingtang and scorned. “Who are you too? Do you really like to meddle with other people’s affairs?”

“Watch what you say. Don’t be too impudent!” Ye Leng shouted at those young men.

“It’s none of your business!”

Someone retorted immediately.