Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1020 Cultivation Technique

“What are the few of you fighting over?” Very quickly, Ye Qingtang looked at the youths and asked.

“Uh… Yang Lord, we originally have some enmity… We never thought that we would meet in the Ye Family… So…”

Ye Qingtang could guess such matters without explanation.

“You all are Ye Family disciples now. A family clan is different from a sect. Since you all have taken the surname Ye, all of you are family from now on. No one is to mention past enmities.” Ye Qingtang looked at the youths and said.

Now that the Yang Lord of the Ye Family spoke, those youths naturally did not dare to continue fighting. They nodded their heads in the promise that such incidents would not happen again.

“Yes. As you said, we will definitely not fight with our family from now on!” The youths said eagerly.

After Ye Qingtang interfered in the matter, there were indeed no more conflicts among the Ye Family disciples while those with enmity from before buried the hatchet and no longer fought.

As Ye Qingtang had said, since they had already changed to take the surname Ye and became a Ye Family disciple, they were all family. Unlike the heartless and apathetic environment of sects, the brotherhood and family spirit of a family clan were apparent, especially in the Ye Family: while some of the senior members’ skills were insufficient, they were rich with humanity. To the younger generation who were already used to the struggle in sects, such kindness was hard to come by.

Over the past few days, Ye Qingtang rebuilt a Treasure Pavilion and Martial Skills Pavilion, of which mostly housed Yin Yang Perfected Lord cultivation techniques, in the Ye Family. There were countless of such cultivation techniques in Ye Qingtang’s memory. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

At Ye Qingtang’s peak, she was a Holy Venerate, and she could casually retrieve many Yin Yang Perfected Lord cultivation techniques from her memory. If the Ye Family needed, Ye Qingtang could also produce the highest-leveled skills that only Holy Venerates could cultivate.

However, one had to reach the respective martial realm to cultivate remarkable martial skills. For Yin Yang Perfected Lord martial skills, one had to at least be at the Martial Qi Level Three realm, and it was a pure dream if a Connate cultivator wished to cultivate a Yin Yang Perfected Lord martial skill. If a Connate cultivator forcefully cultivated too many martial skills that were beyond their martial realm, they would only produce mental demons, and their body would explode on its own after a long time. It was extremely dangerous.

Apart from wanting the new Ye Family disciples to cultivate vigorously and diligently, Ye Qingtang placed many Yin Yang Perfected Lord cultivation techniques in the Martial Skills Pavilion in hope that those disciples would have a sense of belonging to the Ye Family as soon as possible.

Naturally, the Ye Family disciples had to pay a certain price to obtain the Yin Yang Perfected Lord cultivation techniques. For example, they had to accomplish different missions and obtain the Ye Family honor points. Only after earning sufficient points and obtaining the recognition of the elders would one have the qualifications to enter the Martial Skills Pavilion and exchange the honor points for suitable cultivation techniques to cultivate.

This did not just apply to the main headquarters of the Ye Family, and all the other three branches had the exact same rule.

At this instant, Ye Qingtang was in the study room. Shutting her eyes, she was in deep thought as she searched for the cultivation techniques from her memory.

Her current martial realm was completely unable to keep up with the remarkable martial skills she cultivated in the past.