Chapter 1021 Yunxiao Sect Elder

Awhile later, Ye Qingtang suddenly opened her eyes. She arrived at the mountain behind the Ye residence in a moment.

Swoosh!

With a piercing sound, Ye Qingtang’s body duplicated from one to two and from two to four.

Several ladies with the same appearance as Ye Qingtang looked at each other without uttering a word.

Subsequently, Ye Qingtang activated her divine sense, and the incarnations immediately engaged in a battle. Fifteen minutes later, they faded away and vanished without a trace.

“It’s still a little insufficient…”

Ye Qingtang mumbled.

Ye Qingtang was currently executing an extremely special martial skill. Apart from requiring the cultivator to own a significantly high martial realm, the true Incarnation Technique was even more demanding on the cultivator’s mental level, where one could barely control and cultivate the skill only when they possessed the mental energy level of a Heavenly Venerate. Otherwise, when one’s mental energy was insufficient, they would be instantly devoured by the incarnation, which was an extremely scary situation. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

However, Ye Qingtang lived two lifetimes, and her mental energy was immensely powerful; even an ordinary Holy Venerate would lose out to her in a competition of mental energy level.

When cultivated to the finest, the Incarnation Technique would allow the incarnations to share the same sight as the original body. If the Venerate’s mental energy was powerful enough, they could even give the incarnation a certain amount of analytical ability and instincts.

For Ye Qingtang, if it was said that her current level was sufficient, it was because her mental energy was extremely powerful and enough to master the Incarnation Technique. Yet, in another light, her current level was insufficient because she was only a Yang Lord of the Yin Yang Perfected Lord realm.

Ultimately, she could only barely execute the Incarnation Technique. According to her observation, the incarnations at most possessed the combat power of a Yin Yang Perfected Lord Sixth Heaven, which was neither powerful nor weak. However, given her current level, the cultivated Incarnation Technique was enough. Ye Qingtang believed that in no time, she could raise her Incarnation Technique to the peak and allow each incarnation to possess the same martial realm as herself.

As for palm skill and swordplay, Ye Qingtang had already chosen techniques and re-cultivated them. Cultivating these again were much simpler in comparison to the Incarnation Technique.

At the same time, a few kilometers outside Lin Town.

Two emotionless elderlies in white shirts headed in the direction of Lin Town.

A totem of Yunxiao Sect was embroidered on the clothes of these two elderlies, symbolizing that they were Yunxiao Sect elders.

Back when Ye Qingtang obtained the Fiendcelestial Beast in the Hundred Level Hell of Avicinaraka mystic realm, Yunxiao Sect burned with rage and immediately deployed its elders to lay low around the Ye Family of Lin Town. In order to not alert anyone, they did not strike at the Ye Family and merely waited for Ye Qingtang to return back to Lin Town and the Ye Family.

If Ye Qingtang returned to the Ye Family, the two elders would attack immediately and capture Ye Qingtang back to YunXiao Sect.

Nonetheless, sometime before, Beiming Manor, the strongest force in Formidable Heavens Dynasty, convened all the super sects in Formidable Heavens Dynasty, and all senior members of these super sects were required to attend. As Yunxiao Sect elders, the two elderlies in white were unable to avoid it and thus could only leave Lin Town temporarily and return to YunXiao Sect, where they headed to Beiming Manor together with other Yunxiao Sect senior members.

Today, the two elders just left Beiming Manor and rushed back to Lin Town immediately without any delay.

Although there was once news that Ye Qingtang seemed to have appeared in Nine Nights Dynasty, the Ye Family of Lin Town was ultimately her roots. Her father and family were all here, and the two Yunxiao Sect elders did not believe that Ye Qingtang would not return to visit her loved ones.