Chapter 1030 So What If It’s Yunxiao Sect (2)

“Impudent!” The Second Elder looked at Elder Gu and Elder Yin and roared furiously. “You’re merely Yunxiao Sect elders, yet you’re so arrogant in my Ye Family. With just you two good-for-nothings, how dare you all think of capturing the Eldest Young Lady of my Ye Family?!”

Elder Yin and Elder Gu were taken aback. A while ago, they clearly noticed that these senior members of the Ye Family appeared fearful after learning of their identities, but that fear was crushed in an instant.

Not only were the senior members not fearful, but they were even disrespectful.

Elder Gu and Elder Yin gritted their teeth and glared at Ye Family members. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Never had they thought that there would be a day where they would be humiliated by cultivators at the ordinary martial realm. How dare they proclaim that they, half-step Yin Yang Perfected Lords, are good-for-nothings?!

Ye Ling’s expression changed drastically in an instant. Looking at those two Yunxiao Sect elders, his eyes twinkled coldly. “How audacious of you two! How dare mere two half-step Yin Yang Perfected Lords barge into my Ye Family to capture my daughter?! Not mentioning two YunXiao Sect elders, even if your YunXiao Sect Sect Master brings all the powerful figures over here, my Ye Family will ensure that all of you will not be able to return!”

Two days ago, Ye Ling and Ye Qingtang had a long talk, and he learned of the enmity between her and Yunxiao Sect.

Their Ye Family had yet to find time to stir troubles for Yunxiao Sect, but Yunxiao Sect delivered themselves to the Ye Family on their own accord!

“Humph! A mere Yunxiao Sect truly doesn’t know fear. Since you two are already here at my Ye Residence today, just stay then. Don’t go anywhere else!” The Great Elder shouted coldly.

At this instant, the two Yunxiao Sect elders were surprised and even in disbelief.

Before they headed to Lin Town, they already knew about the rough situation of the Ye Family.

The Ye Family was only a small family clan of the remote Lin Town, and a family clan like the Ye Family was unworthy of even clinging on to the threshold of Yunxiao Sect.

Yet, who could have thought that the Ye Family would change so drastically in just half a month?

Leaving aside the hundreds of frighteningly-talented young disciples in the Ye Family, what the Yunxiao Sect elders could not comprehend was the useless Clan Master and elders of the Ye Family: these people clearly knew that they were Yunxiao Sect elders yet still dared to speak so wildly and say such things…

No matter how slow the two Yunxiao Sect elders were, they now realized that something was wrong with the Ye Family.

However, Elder Yin and Elder Gu did not dare to act rashly. The hundreds of Ye Family disciples were pretty skilled, and if they fought them, they were afraid that the two of them would be defeated by these members of the younger generation of the Ye Family…

Then, Clan Master Si brought a few Yin Yang Perfected Lords of the Si Family into the Ye Residence.

“What happened?” Clan Master Si noticed that the atmosphere of the Ye Family was a little off and asked immediately.

Powerful oppressive forces were emitted from the Ye Residence previously, and Clan Master Si thought that something happened. It turned out that it was indeed so after entering the Ye Residence.

The Third Elder recounted the situation to the Si Family members immediately.

After listening to what the Third Elder said, Clan Master Si sized up Elder Yin and Elder Gu and scoffed.

Although YunXiao Sect was a super sect and a mighty force in the Formidable Heavens Dynasty, it could not even be compared to the Si Family currently and yet was still so arrogant. They were just two elders, and they dared to come to the Ye Family to arrest Tang Tang?!