Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1045 Skill (2)

The Sect Master shouted in rage, “Bai Kui, I respect you as the Grand Imperial Sire of the Formidable Heavens Dynasty. For all these years, Yunxiao Sect had nothing to do with the Formidable Heavens Dynasty. You come here for death today!”

“We come here for death?” Bai Kui stared at the Yunxiao Sect Sect Master and sneered. Who was the one that was going to die?!

“Humph!”

An elder landed from mid-air and scoffed heavily. “No one dared to offend us like this since the Yunxiao Sect was established a few hundred years ago. How dare you say that you want to exterminate my sect today!”

The Yunxiao Sect Sect Master nodded towards the elder, who was the Grand Elder of the Yunxiao Sect. He was at the peak of the Third Heaven of Yin Yang Perfected Lord.

“Li Shihai…”

A cold glint flashed across Bai Kui’s eyes as he saw the Grand Elder of the Yunxiao Sect.

When Bai Kui was the Crown Prince of the Formidable Heavens Dynasty, Li Shihai was the Sect Master of the Yunxiao Sect. They had no interactions back then.

However, around ten years ago, a beloved lady of Bai Kui was taken away by Li Shihai using some tricks.

Though Bai Kui and the lady was not married, to him, he resented Li Shihai for taking away his wife.

After that, Bai Kui became the Emperor of the Formidable Heavens Dynasty, and Li Shihai became the Sect Master of Yunxiao Sect.

After becoming the Emperor, Bai Kui took the responsibility of ruling the entire Formidable Heavens Dynasty. He could not just take his revenge from Li Shihai.

Until today…

“Humph, I was still thinking who’s here. Bai Kui, based on your ability, what can you do to me? You could not do anything back then when you were the Crown Prince of Formidable Heavens Dynasty. Your beloved lady still came to me. I shall tell you here! Indeed, I used some tricks to get her. However, she killed herself not long after I got here. What can you do today even though you know all this?” The Grand Elder of the Yunxiao Sect landed slowly and scoffed as he stared at Bai Kui. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The two Grand Elders of Yuehua Sect and Lingyun Sect had odd expressions.

Though they were aware that the Grand Elder of the Yunxiao Sect was very arrogant, he should not reveal all the inhumane things he did in the past in front of everyone. It was fortunate that there were no disciples present. If not, his reputation…

Of course, Li Shihai never cared for his reputation. He only acted according to his own preferences.

“Li Shihai… You’re seeking your own death!”

Bai Kui’s face was flushed, and veins could be seen on his forehead.

Though Bai Kui was at the age that he could resist all temptations, as a martial cultivator, the hatred he had could last forever. The main culprit who took away his wife dared to reveal everything again!

Swoosh!

Bai Kui took out a purple black-grade divine weapon. As he waved his sword, the great aura of a Yin Yang Perfected Lord rushed into the sky as if he was going to tear Li Shihai into pieces.

The Grand Elder of Yunxiao Sect scorned. His body turned into a shadow, and he took out a simplistic sword from his space ring. At the next second, he was next to Bai Kui.

The two shadows were appearing everywhere as they fought against each other.

However, Bai Kui was disadvantaged within ten attacks.

Bai Kui was at the Third Heaven of the Yin Yang Perfected Lord. However, the Grand Elder of Yunxiao Sect was at the peak of Third Heaven of Yin Yang Perfected Lord.