Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1046 Skill (3)

It was lucky for Bai Kui that he was able to last ten attacks against the Grand Elder. He would be dreaming if he could beat the Grand Elder of Yunxiao Sect with his own ability.

“Humph, it seems like you don’t even see me with your eyes!”

Daoist Zijin scoffed when he saw that Bai Kui was not able to fight against the Grand Elder. He immediately came towards them and joined the fight together with Bai Kui.

“Li Shihai, you’re such a rotten asshole! Wait for my ruling gourd!”

Daoist Zijin took out a gourd and threw it into the air.

The three of them were sucked in by the ruling gourd immediately.

The gourd suddenly grew in size and became transparent. Everything happening inside could be seen clearly from outside.

“Hahaha, the ruling gourd was plucked from the ancient ruling tree on Tiankun Mountain. It’s able to block all martial ability. Rotten a**hole, don’t dream to use any of your ability inside here!” Daoist Zijin scorned.

Everyone else was shocked as they heard his words. Such a terrifying dharma treasure…

The Grand Elder’s expression changed as he could feel that all his martial ability in his body was disappearing

“How come I feel that my martial ability is lost as well?” Suddenly, Bai Kui looked at Daoist Zijin, frowned, and asked.

“Of course, everyone’s martial ability will be lost inside my ruling gourd,” Daoist Zijin said.

Bai Kui nodded and asked, “How about you?” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Same.” Daoist Zijin explained.

Bai Kui’s lips twitched. So what was the point for Daoist Zijin putting all of them inside the ruling gourd?

“Hehe… then the two of you are pieces of junk as well.” The Grand Elder of Yunxiao Sect laughed coldly.

“The two of us are good enough to beat you!” Daoist Zijin scorned as well.

“Kill him!”

Daoist Zijin rushed towards the Grand Elder immediately.

In other people’s eyes, the two powerful Yin Yang Perfected Lords now fought like gangsters without any martial ability.

“What are you waiting for?!” Daoist Zijin looked towards Bai Kui as he fought against the Grand Elder.

Bai Kui did not hesitate and joined the fight. The two of them kicked and punched the Grand Elder heavily.

Based on their third Heaven of Yin Yang Perfected Lord’s ability, they would not able to beat the Grand Elder even if they combined their forces. The difference between the normal Third Heaven and the peak was huge. However, inside the gourd that restricted all martial ability, the three of them were just normal people. The consequences were clear when the two of them fought against a useless Grand Elder…

Within a short while, the Grand Elder was injured heavily. His face was swollen under Daoist Zijin’s and Bai Kui’s punches.

The side with more people would, of course, have more advantages than the other side in the ruling gourd.