Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1054 Kill One of My People and I Will Slay Your Entire Family

As one of the top three forces of this mainland, Beiming Manor definitely understood this logic.

Although Ye Qingtang had become a Yang Lord currently, she knew her limitations something she was never lacking in no matter whether she was a Holy Venerate in the past life or currently.

The three mighty forces of this mainland were not short of Yang Lords and instead had very powerful Yang Lords. Given her current skills, it was extremely difficult if she wished to fight any of these three forces head-on.

Nonetheless, since Ye Qingtang became a Yang Lord, these top three forces would definitely do something

Once Ye Qingtang joined one force, the other two forces would join hands and annihilate the force that Ye Qingtang joined. This was so in addition to the fact that the force that Ye Qingtang joined would be on their guard against her and secretly kill her in order to maintain the balance.

However, if Ye Qingtang did not join any of the forces, the forces would be suspicious and paranoid that Ye Qingtang had already secretly made arrangements with the other two forces.

As the skills of the top three forces were overly balanced, they definitely did not wish to see another Yang Lord even if she did not join any forces and developed her own influence.

Since that was the case, there was only one solution: Ye Qingtang would become enemies with one top force while the other two forces watched from aside and reaped the spoils.

Especially for Beiming Manor, a Yang Lord’s appearance in Formidable Heavens Dynasty would attract the suspicions of Peerless School and Phantom Valley. It was either that Ye Qingtang joins Beiming Manor and the Manor Chief decides whether to utilize or secretly kill her or that Beiming Manor directly kills Ye Qingtang to let Peerless School and Phantom Valley know that they did not have any intention to break the balance of the three great forces. There were no other options apart from these!

“Humph. Beiming Manor’s will is not something you can revolt against!” The Beiming Manor envoy glared at Ye Qingtang coldly.

Upon hearing that, Ye Qingtang’s lips curled up into a sneer. “If I have never even acknowledged the Beiming Manor Chief, what are you?”

Bai Kui and Daoist Zijin cast a cold eye at that Beiming Manor envoy. If he was not representing Beiming Manor to talk to Ye Qingtang, he would already be a dead man by

now.

“Great… Indeed a Yang Lord. How arrogant!” The Beiming Manor envoy raised his volume and said coldly. “My Beiming Manor has a thousand-year foundation on this mainland, and you are the first who dares to defy Beiming Manor’s will. Since that’s the case, Beiming Manor will officially start a war with your Ye Family… Although you are a Yang Lord, not all of your family clan has skills like yours…”

The Beiming Manor envoy scoffed. His meaning was clear. If Ye Qingtang fled, perhaps they could not do anything, but the Ye Family had many people, and Beiming Manor could kill however many they wished! Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Nevertheless, Ye Qingtang replied coldly. “You’re right… But… out of your tens of thousands of Beiming Manor people… is everyone a Yang Lord?”

With that, the Beiming Manor envoy’s smile was suddenly frozen.

Ye Qingtang’s meaning was extremely clear as well. If the Beiming Manor dared to touch the Ye Family members, she would kill a group of Beiming Manor people.

“Beiming Manor has been in existence for a thousand years, and it should have a minimum of tens of thousands of people. For every hundred Ye Family members that Beiming Manor kills, I will slay ten thousand Beiming Manor people. I want to see if your Beiming Manor dares to touch anyone from my Ye Family. From today onward, as long as a Ye Family disciple dies, I will place the responsibility on your Beiming Manor. If one Ye Family disciple dies, I will kill thousands of your Beiming Manor people.” Ye Qingtang shouted.