Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1056 Three Orders To Kill (2)

The moment Ye Qingtang issued her three killing orders, everyone in the Ye Family became very emotional and felt uplifted.

If anyone dared to offend a Ye Family member, be it a disciple or an elder, the Ye Family Yang Lord would strike them dead with the swiftness of lightning!

In all of history, this must be the family clan Yang Lord that shielded her subordinates the most…

The Beiming envoy glared at Ye Qingtang in rage but did not dare to say anything more. This Ye Family Yang Lord did not abide by the rules at all and had even seriously injured him even though he was a war envoy. If he said anything more, he might lose his life.

“Ye Qingtang… wait and see. Circumstances will change. We will meet again!”

The Beiming Manor envoy glared at Ye Qingtang, a cold light flickering in his eye. He fervently wished he could dismember Ye Qingtang to relieve the hatred in his heart.

To the Beiming Manor envoy, this Ye Family was a new power, and although it had a Yang Lord that was almost invincible in this mainland, she was still too young. These people probably did not know how terrifying the Beiming Manor was.

“Get lost!” Elder Bai Kui looked at the Beiming Manor envoy and shouted at him coldly.

If the Beiming Manor had not been present as an envoy, he would have died many times over today. How dare a mere Yin Lord be so arrogant and unrestrained in the presence of a Yang Lord!

Without further ado, the Beiming Manor envoy turned to leave and vanished in a moment.

Both the Grand Elders of the Lingyun Sect and the Yuehua Sect, who were watching from above, could not help but exchange glances when they saw this scene.

The Ye Family Yang Lord was truly impossibly arrogant. She did not even show any respect for the Beiming Manor…

Fortunately, they were both wise men who knew how to bide their time. Otherwise, their fates would probably have been the same as the Grand Elder of the Yunxiao Sect, with their heads sent rolling… DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

The two super sect elders did not dare to linger in the area, and they swiftly vanished into the void.

At that moment, in the Ye Family.

Bai Kui and Daoist Zijin led the group from the Ye Family and charged into the Yunxiao Sect. The thousands of disciples in the Yunxiao Sect were all struck dumb. No one dared to resist at all.

Everything was like a dream.

Before today, the Yunxiao Sect was carrying on with its usual routine. However, within the short span of an hour, the Grand Elder and the Master of the Yunxiao Sect had both been killed. Even the Yunxiao Sect’s great elder had died. None of the senior members of the sect dared to resist. They all wished to preserve their lives.

As the saying went, even lowly insects cling to life, much less the Yunxiao Sect’s wardens and elders.

A powerful Yang Lord was invincible. Forcibly resisting was the same as giving up one’s life.

However, as long as they did not resist, the Ye Family would not act. They would give the Yunxiao Sect, which now completely lacked cohesion, a chance to survive.

Ye Qingtang immediately ordered all the wardens and elders of the Yunxiao Sect to be expelled from the sect. This included the administrative personnel and all the Yunxiao Sect disciples. Not a single person was to remain.

Within the short span of half a day, the glory of the YunXiao Sect was completely dissipated and became a thing of the past. Everyone from the Ye Family entered the Yunxiao Sect, which became the headquarters of the Ye Family.

The Yunxiao Sect contained countless jewels and fine gems. There were some that even Ye Qingtang felt were fairly unusual.

It went without saying that the Yunxiao Sect had a great legacy. After all, it had existed for hundreds of years and was far beyond what the Xuanling Sect could compare to.