Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1081 Eternity is Solitary (2)

“I need to get the Spiritual Abode… if I want to leave the mainland…” The old Valley Master stared at Perfected Xuanchen without any emotion.

He had to destroy this mainland in order to obtain the Spiritual Abode.

He needed to start from the Nine Nights Dynasty… to kill and destroy every living creature on this mainland.

Based on the old Valley Master’s martial ability, it was not difficult for him to do so.

After thinking through what the old Valley Master was going to do, Ye Qingtang immediately jumped off the ground and pulled out the black-grade Regicide Sky Blade. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Her Divine Phoenix power exploded at the same time as well. A giant flame Phoenix appeared by her back. A soft roar appeared, seeming to be able to make the world tremble.

Swoosh!

Ye Qingtang waved her Regicide Sky Blade and slashed towards the old Valley Master.

She did not care what thoughts the old Valley Master had. There were still her family and friends on this mainland. She would not allow anyone to destroy that.

However…

The old Valley Master stood there without any intention to dodge.

Clank!

Under everyone’s gaze, the instant where Ye Qingtang slashed her sword down, the old Valley Master raised his right arm slightly. He used two fingers and caught Ye Qingtang’s Regicide Sky Blade.

Ye Qingtang frowned as her sword was held by the old Village Master. A trace of surprise appeared in her eyes.

An image of Yin Yang intersecting with the sun and moon appeared behind the old Valley Master. A remote power that broke through the sky landed.

Everyone in the Falling Sky Valley froze on the spot. Ye Qingtang was astonished as she saw the Yin Yang and the sun with the moon.

“Yin Yang Perfected Lord… Tenth Heaven!”

Ye Qingtang widened her eyes and stared at the image behind the old Valley Master.

As all had known, Yin Yang Perfected Lord was classified into ten heavens.

However, the Genth Heaven had become a legend. It was extremely hard to find someone at the Ninth Heaven of Yin Yang Perfected Lord.

After entering the Eighth Heaven of Yin Yang Perfected Lord level, one would encounter the bottleneck. It was rare to hear any cultivator that was able to enter the Ninth Heaven for the past thousands of years. Almost all cultivators started to charge towards Arcane Supremacy after reaching the Eighth Heaven of Yin Yang Perfected Lord…In Ye Qingtang’s previous life, after reaching the peak of the Eighth Heaven, she wanted to explore the legendary level and charge towards the Ninth Heaven. However, she found no clue in the next three years. It seemed that there were no Ninth and Tenth Heaven at all…

Ye Qingtang could not help but break through the Eighth Heaven and enter the Arcane Supremacy.

After living for two lives, this was the first time she saw the legendary Tenth Heaven of Yin Yang Perfected Lord…

“Indeed, you’re very talented. A Yang Lord at such a young age.” The old Valley Master looked up at Ye Qingtang and murmured.

“You remind me of my disciple… The little guy was only eight or nine years old, and he was a Heavenly Venerate…” The old Valley Master frowned as he recalled something.

Heavenly Venerate… His disciple?!

Ye Qingtang looked at the old Valley Master in shock.

Before she could say anything, the old Valley Master lifted his right arm. Ye Qingtang was then thrown out by a powerful and ineffable force.