Chapter 1084 Divine King Luo Xue (2)

“You’re unwilling to admit that you are Divine King Luo Xue… as you’re afraid of tainting that name… In these ten thousand years, you pretended to be a wicked person… But if you’re really wicked, you could have destroyed this mainland a long time ago with your determination. I can already feel that your heart was bleeding when you killed one Falling Sky Valley disciple… You wish to leave with her heart. You think that by keeping her heart as a whole, there will always be a chance to revive her… However… Ten thousand years have passed, and her soul has already disappeared… Are you still going to avoid this problem? Why are you not willing to face reality?”

The Regicide Sky Blade’s words knocked onto Divine King Luo Xue’s heart, and his expression changed.

Only the Regicide Sky Blade that had been by Divine King Luo Xue’s side knew what exactly happened ten thousand years ago…

No one knew the weight of this issue.

“Yeah… Ten thousand years have passed…” Divine King Luo Xue mumbled.

“You’re afraid that the Dimension Wall breaks… You’re even more afraid that the powerful figures from the outside world will come to this mainland and take her Spiritual Abode away. Once that happens, your curse will never be removed, you cannot leave with her heart, and she will not have any chance to revive. Ultimately, you’re just deceiving yourself and others. Even if you can leave this mainland, she is still unable to be revived… Old friend, wake up…” Regicide Sky Blade sighed.

For that overly-compassionate extraordinary lady, the once unique and unrivaled Divine King Luo Xue was now…

Boom!

Suddenly, blood-colored streaks of lightning appeared once again.

Bolts of lightning filled the sky aggressively.

“This Heavenly Tribulation array formation is laid by those people, and its might is no weaker than a real Heavenly Tribulation. As long as you intend to leave, the array formation will be activated until you’re completely dead… Old friend, I am with you,” said the Regicide Sky Blade.

“Haha, great… Old friend, what do I have to fear with you here?!”

Divine King Luo Xue laughed aloud, still jovial even when facing the terrifying force of the Heavenly Tribulation.

Boom!

Boom!

BOOM BOOM!!

In the next second, several thick bolts of lightning struck down at Divine King Luo Xue.

With the Regicide Sky Blade in hand, Divine King Luo Xue stood in the air silently in superiority, but his figure was extremely lonely. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Ten thousand years ago, he had an excellent reputation; now, all that was known was his infamy…

Ten thousand years ago, who did not recognize Divine King Luo Xue?!

Ten thousand years later, who knew about Divine King Luo Xue?!

Divine King Luo Xue, who was forgotten and abandoned by everyone, wielded the Regicide Sky Blade once again and fought against the Heavens.

Swoosh!

A black sword glint opposed the blood-red bolts of lightning directly.

Boom!The sword glint broke after being unable to block the heavenly might. Divine King was heavily injured and fell from the sky.

However, he never landed on the ground. With a laugh, he charged upward to the sky once again and received the blow.

At this instant, Ye Qingtang was shaken as she looked at the figure that remained still almost eternally.

She heard everything that the Regicide Sky Blade had said just now.

The truth that no one knew of shocked her.

She originally thought that he was like those others from ten thousand years ago, who turned their backs on that extraordinary lady to gain more power. Yet unexpectedly…

What kind of person was Divine King Luo Xue?

And what was his relationship with the extraordinary lady…