Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1091 Obsession (3)

However, a black destructive force shot out from Demon Lord Luo Xue’s third demon eye.

In a split second, the destructive light pierced through those hidden clan figures who were escaping in a flurry, and they exploded into a bloody fog.

All of the ancient clan powerful figures present at the scene died.

After killing the ancient clan figures, Demon Lord Luo Xue gazed down at Falling Sky Valley. A glint flashed across his demon eyes as he opened his mouth to condense a black flame that was enough to destroy the entire Falling Sky Valley.

“Old Valley Master…!”

Perfected Xuanchen fell on his knees immediately, and tears streamed down his cheeks as he looked at Demon Lord Luo Xue.

A complicated expression emerged in Demon Lord Luo Xue’s demon eye, and the black flame ultimately dispersed.

Just like that, Demon Lord Luo Xue flapped his wings and circled above Falling Sky Valley before looking at You Yun and flying toward her.

However, he stopped a few meters away from You Yun and did not dare to get close to her. All he did was watch her silently from nearby. One could faintly notice his confusion and struggle.

“Old friend… Let go… It’s time to wake up from this dream…”

The Regicide Sky Blade sighed softly.

Persuading Demon Lord Luo Xue to part from You Yun… Perhaps only the Regicide Sky Blade itself knew how helpless it was.

Soon, it was already nightfall.

The force of the Heavenly Tribulation eventually faded. Bright stars dotted the sky.

The moonlight penetrated through the clouds and lit Falling Sky Valley up.

Demon Lord Luo Xue looked at You Yun without moving, fearful that he would disturb this lady, though he made a soft sound every now and then.

“He… can’t hold on any longer…”

Ye Qingtang felt a bitter feeling as she looked at Demon Lord Luo Xue, who was standing a distance away from You Yun.

“Woo…”

Demon Lord Luo Xue made a soft noise once again as he looked at You Yun.

Ultimately, Demon Lord Luo Xue eventually finished burning the vitality in his body. That extremely big and tall frame fell from the sky, and his enormous wings no longer had the energy to flap.

This descent, intentionally or unintentionally, landed beside You Yun.

Laying on the cold ground, Demon Lord Luo Xue looked at the lady and opened his mouth, seeming to wish to say something, but he eventually did not utter a word.

Just as the misery of Divine King Luo Xue previously, she could no longer hear his voice.

Demon Lord Luo Xue stretched his demon palm out, wanting to touch You Yun.

“I… heard… your… voice…”

Suddenly, what shocked everyone was that You Yun seemed to have gained consciousness, and she looked at Demon Lord Luo Xue, who was sinking into death.

You Yun appeared bemused as she walked to Demon Lord Luo Xue and sat beside him. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

“Why are you… so sorrowful… Are you very sad… But why is my heart aching so badly… Have we met… Where was it…” As You Yun spoke, her face was streaked with tears, though she was still as stunning and never aged.

Ye Qingtang looked at You Yun, the extraordinary lady from ten thousand years ago, in astonishment

It was clearly just a conception of her obsession, but it actually… had its own consciousness… Was this… a trace of divinity?!

At this moment, Demon Lord Luo Xue let out a grief-stricken cry. The vitality in his body was completely burned out, and the pain tortured him like no tomorrow.

Ye Qingtang did not know what kind of power allowed Demon Lord Luo Xue to hold on, but this was too cruel to him. Every time he breathed, it was the most miserable torture on earth…