Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1171: A Collective Battle (4)

In reality, Ye Qingtang had already made preparations to participate in the war from the start; letting Little You Yun raise everyone’s skills was in preparation for this.

However, she never expected the South battlefield’s situation to be so severe, and its tide of defeat was earlier than she predicted.

Given the current situation, even if the Peerless School Sect Master did not come forward personally, she would still participate in the war.

The entire mainland was at stake, and Ye Qingtang would definitely not cower.

Two days later, with Little You Yun’s strength, a batch of Yin Yang Perfected Lords was produced in Falling Sky Valley again.

The majority of them were the younger generation of the Ye Family disciples.

However, the disciples’ skills were lacking as compared to the senior executives: most of them were between Yin Lord Fifth Heaven and Sixth Heaven, and only a few top talents in the Ye Family were Yang Lords.

For the senior executives, such as the Ye Family Clan Master, Ye Ling, and Si Family Clan Master Si, their martial foundations were too weak, and their martial talents were ordinary. Thus, it was difficult for them to become powerful figures even with Little You Yun controlling the spirit energy.

Over this period of time, Ye Qingtang also had discussions with Absolute Monarch of Heaven and the others from Central Mainland. This war concerned their safety, and they were originally from the Central Mainland, which meant that their skills were greater than the Falling Sky Valley and Ye Family masses.

As such, Ye Qingtang suggested for them to be responsible for investigating the war situation of the You Ancient Clan and especially on their Commander.

The You Ancient Clan Commander had not shown up now, and no one knew how his skills were.

The Absolute Monarch of Heaven and the rest were most suited to investigate this.

Everyone hit off with Ye Qingtang instantly and left the valley to investigate at once.

Two days later, Ye Qingtang headed to Peerless School to look for the Sect Master and told him to bring her to the headquarters of the South battlefield.

The Peerless School Sect Master immediately led Ye Qingtang to the South battlefield headquarters quickly.

The headquarters of the South battlefield.

Peerless School Sect Master led Ye Qingtang into the main hall.

Most of the people in the hall were Yang Lords of the ancient clan, and each of them was extremely powerful.

In the secular part of this mainland, there were barely any powerful figures. Apart from Ultimate Elder and Pagoda Sword Master, the real powerful figures were in the ancient clan.

If not for the urgent situation that the mainland was facing now, the obscure hidden clan would definitely not show up.

However, despite such, they were on the losing ground when they encountered the You Ancient Clan of the Central Mainland.

A white-haired elderly was seated on the host seat in the main hall. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

That elderly was the Master of the ancient clan and was also the presiding General of the South battlefield.

Although this elderly’s skills could not be compared to that of Divine King Luo Xue and the powerful ancient figure whom Divine King Luo Xue killed, it was still extraordinary.

“This is Ye Qingtang,” Peerless School Sect Master looked at the ancient clan Master and said.

The elderly nodded slightly and sized up Ye Qingtang.

Ye Qingtang became a Yang Lord at such a young age and was indeed special.

However, in the obscure ancient clans between the mountains and seas, people like Ye Qingtang were not considered rare. There was an even younger yet formidable Yang Lord in the obscure ancient clans.

It was a pity that that Yang Lord was killed by a You Ancient Clan talent in the previous battle of the city.

Obscure ancient clans never appeared before anyone, and most of the people on this mainland did not know about their existence.

Even Ye Qingtang was unclear about them.

It was after seeing them today did Ye Qingtang realize how powerful the obscure ancient clan’s force was.