1210 The Final Battle 2

Ye Qingtang was shocked. The boy and girl were certainly little You Yun and little Luo Xue!

But Ye Qingtang had not imagined the Deputy Clan Master of the Ancient You Clan had actually… managed to locate the two children.

“Miss Ye, this mainland is too dangerous. We cannot remain here much longer. We intend to leave now. Will you come with us?” The black-robed old man looked at Ye Qingtang and asked tentatively.

“No need.” Ye Qingtang shook her head. “I still have some matters to deal with in this mainland. It is best for you to leave. If we are fated to meet again, we will see each other in Central Mainland.”

When he heard Ye Qingtang’s words, a rarely seen expression of helplessness surfaced on Yin Yang Child’s childish face. He said awkwardly, “Elder Sister, I hope we will survive to meet again.”

“Of course we will.” Ye Qingtang chuckled as she looked at Yin Yang Child.

Everyone knew what Ye Qingtang intended to do, so they did not insist. After a moment, Absolute Monarch of Heaven and the rest had all flown to the end of the void and vanished.

When Absolute Monarch of Heaven, Yin Yang Child, and the rest had all gone, Ye Qingtang flew in the direction of Mount Tianyuan.

Even if it was the Deputy Clan Master of the Ancient You Clan, she still had to face him… Little You Yun must not fall into the hands of the Ancient You Clan!

Swoosh!

Ye Qingtang’s body transformed into a shadow and vanished in the blink of an eye.

Half a minute later, at the peak of a mountain range.

A white-robed old man was sitting with little You Yun and little Luo Xue.

At that moment, little Luo Xue was already unconscious, but a faint violet glow had surfaced in little You Yun’s eyes. She was being controlled by the old man, and her expression was wooden.

The old man looked at little You Yun and said coldly, “Control the spirit energy in this mainland and transform it all into your energy source.”

Little You Yun’s expression was wooden like that of a puppet. She nodded stiffly, and her eyes looked towards the void.

The next moment, the spirit energy in this mainland rapidly gathered and slowly started to condense.

In this mainland, the power of the Spiritual Abode was akin to that of a creator god. All the living things could be transformed into spirit energy and turned into part of the Spiritual Abode.

“Third Prince of the Eternal Dynasty… I have already ordered the army of the Ancient You Clan to retreat… You certainly would not have foreseen that I would remain here and use the power of the Spiritual Abode to exterminate all the living things here.” The white-robed old man laughed coldly as he looked at the spirit energy that was rapidly gathering in the void.

At that moment, a figure suddenly descended from the void.

The instant Ye Qingtang rushed down, she reached out her hand to try to snatch little You Yun away.

When the white-robed old man saw Ye Qingtang appear, his lips curved in the trace of a cold smile. He casually gestured with his right hand and transformed into a frightening whirlwind, which instantly forced Ye Qingtang to retreat by several steps.

“Young one, how dare you behave arrogantly in my presence!” The white-robed old man said coldly as he glared at Ye Qingtang.

Ye Qingtang steadied herself but showed no sign of retreating. She looked icily at the white-robed old man and spoke coldly.

“Return the two children to me.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Return them to you?” When he heard that, the white-robed old man could not help but laugh coldly.

“Young one, the humans in this mainland were all raised by the power of the Spiritual Abode. They would not exist if it were not for the Spiritual Abode. However, the Spiritual Abode belongs to the You Clan. We are only taking back what is ours.”

“What is yours?” Ye Qingtang’s expression was frosty. “Nothing belongs to your Ancient You Clan. You are merely looking for excuses to satisfy your own greed.”