Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

1214 I Will Take On This Tribulation For You 2

“Ling Yan, you’re actually transferring Ye Qingtang’s death tribulation to yourself… If you do that, you will certainly face a death tribulation… You will die, and no one will be able to rescue you!” The little azure dragon almost exploded in rage.

“Miss Ye’s death tribulation has already happened. She will certainly die, and no one can save her. I’ve captured three princesses and two noble heirs from the You Clan to no avail… now… Miss Ye’s only hope of survival is for me to take on her death tribulation.” Ling Yan finally looked at the little azure dragon. His eyes were as peaceful as the sea, and his tone was completely bland, as if life and death were nothing to him.

A death tribulation was called so because it was a tribulation in which one inevitably died unless a life was given in exchange for another.

Ling Yan had used his karmic power to transfer Ye Qingtang’s death tribulation to himself. It was equivalent to exchanging lives with Ye Qingtang.

“Ling Yan, what are you thinking!” The little azure dragon was angry and agitated. “What do you mean by this?! By transferring Ye Qingtang’s death tribulation, she will live, but you must die!”

“Meaning?” When he heard that, Ling Yan gave a half smile. “Of course there is meaning behind this. After transferring Miss Ye’s death tribulation to myself, it will be some time before the death tribulation begins. However, if I don’t transfer it, Miss Ye will die at any moment. So by my reckoning, we have gained much time to live.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Fine, you’ve saved Ye Qingtang, but who is going to save you later?! Ye Qingtang has no karmic power and cannot save you! Even a god would be helpless!” The little azure dragon raged.

“In which case, how am I compared to a god?” Ling Yan chuckled. “I have much time left. Since even a god cannot save me, I shall have to save myself.”

The little azure dragon was unable to understand him. Ling Yan had always killed decisively without considering the worth of other people’s lives. He was utterly cold-blooded. He even considered the entire world to be a chessboard and everyone on it to be pieces on the board. Now, he was even willing to transfer a death tribulation to himself for the sake of a girl!

“I have never actually encountered… a tribulation in which death is inevitable. Don’t you think it will be interesting to triumph over a tribulation?” Ling Yan’s lips curved slightly in a demonic smile.

“Crazy. Ling Yan… you’re really crazy…” The little azure dragon sighed and did not say anymore.

…

Somewhere in the mainland.

Ye Qingtang leaned against a rock. She continually coughed out blood as the figures of heroes who had died in battle surfaced in her mind.

It was as if the Blood Moon Elder’s frank laughter rang out again. It was as if she had returned to the place where she had first met the Blood Moon Holy Lord. Everything had been so wonderful.

“Farewell…”

At least she had not nursed any grievances in this life…

Ye Qingtang smiled mysteriously and finally collapsed in a pool of blood.

Meanwhile, the white-robed old man had appeared in the mountain range.

“Roar!”

The little white tiger sprang wildly at the old man but was not able to hurt him at all.

An hour ago, the white-robed old man had blocked the little white tiger’s way and snatched little You Yun and little Luo Xue away.

Considering the power of the Ancient You Clan’s Deputy Clan Master, the little white tiger was certainly no match for him.

“Quiet!”

The white-robed old man frowned slightly. He waved his arm slightly and a wave of golden ripples closed around the little white tiger.

Now, the little white tiger was trapped in the golden ripples and was unable to escape.

“Ahah, no need to panic. How can a great Fiendcelestial Beast like you remain in an inferior mainland like this? I’ll bring you to the You Clan later. As a holy beast of an ancient clan, you will be absolutely venerated. That will be fitting for a Fiendcelestial beast like you.” The white-robed old man chuckled.