Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

1215 Rise Of The Phoenix 1

Before the little white tiger could respond, all the spirit energy in this mainland became extremely compressed.

“Is it done?” The white-robed old man asked little You Yun.

When little You Yun met the white-robed old man’s eyes, her expression immediately grew blank, and she looked wooden and emotionless.

Little You Yun nodded stiffly under the white-robed old man’s gaze.

“Then hurry up and start.” The white-robed old man nodded.

At the white-robed old man’s words, little You Yun lifted her eyes slightly. Her eyes in her exquisite little face seemed to emit a foreboding glow. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The bright daylight instantly turned to night.

It was as if the day had been swallowed by the night.

The bodies of all living things on the mainland simultaneously began to shrink. They transformed into wisps of spirit energy that surged towards little You Yun from all directions and poured into her body.

In Falling Sky Valley, Perfected Xuanchen, Daoist Zijin, and the rest vaguely felt that something was wrong with their bodies. But before they could recover their wits, everyone vanished in the blink of an eye, without leaving a trace. It was as if they had never existed in this world.

Within a few short hours, millions of living things completely vanished. They were transformed into spirit energy, which poured into the void and was absorbed by little You Yun’s body.

The raucous and prosperous mainland was swiftly transformed into a dead silence.

…

Countless lifeforms transformed into spirit energy and mingled in the pitch-black night. They swarmed in unison towards little You Yun. They brought with them an endless vitality that was speedily absorbed.

In the vast and boundless place, Ye Qingtang had collapsed in a pool of blood and was quietly lying there. At that point, she had been dead for some time. However, her karmic natal chart was quietly changing. Little by little, a mysterious transformation slowly appeared.

Swoosh!

Suddenly, a black flame surfaced on Ye Qingtang’s body. The endless black flame shot skywards. In the dead silence, it slowly formed a golden phoenix!

The instant the golden phoenix formed, the cry of a phoenix suddenly exploded from the Divine Phoenix.

The cry of the phoenix burst forth.

The little white tiger heard the cry of the phoenix. In shock, it involuntarily looked and saw in the distance an image of a Divine Phoenix that was large enough to fill the sky and blot out the sun.

“Is that… the Rise of the Phoenix… resurrection from the dead?!” The little white tiger was shaken.

The cry of the phoenix continued. Ye Qingtang was already wrapped in roaring flames and received endless vitality from the blazing flames.

Amidst the endless darkness, Ye Qingtang vaguely sensed something.

“I’m… not dead…”

She slowly regained her consciousness.

Boom!

In an instant, the hidden iron door in Ye Qingtang’s Dantian gradually surfaced because of the blazing flames.

Thud!

The iron door instantly melted with a crash.

The terrifying aura of Yin Yang Tenth Heaven instantly spread within a radius of a few thousand miles.

Ye Qingtang’s body slowly rose into the air like a small golden sun, emitting an endless glorious light.

At that moment, many abstruse thoughts poured into Ye Qingtang’s mind.

The primordial qi in her body dissipated, replaced by divine power.

The golden glow that surrounded her grew even more blinding. No one could look at her directly.

A moment later, the old man looked over in shock. When he saw the golden glow, the white-robed old man looked thoughtfully, and then he vanished on the spot.