Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

1219 Never Give Up 2

“You…” The little white tiger nestled in Ye Qingtang’s arms and looked at the desolation before it. It subconsciously tried to say something.

But before it could finish speaking, Ye Qingtang had turned and left swiftly with it in tow.

The Ye House in Lin Town was completely silent. All the furniture was in its original position in the empty hall but covered with dust.

Ye Qingtang carried the little white tiger and slowly walked through the Ye House.

She looked through her father’s study, her own room, and the previously bustling martial arts arena…

“Eldest Young Lady…”

An almost inaudible voice reverberated through Ye Qingtang’s mind. She subconsciously turned and vaguely seemed to see the Ye Family youths gathered together, their youthful and vigorous smiling faces before her.

But when Ye Qingtang looked closely, all she could see was emptiness.

Everyone had vanished…

The Ancient You Clan’s plan had succeeded.

Even though they had fought with everything they had, they were unable to avert this disaster.

Ye Qingtang and the little white tiger were the only two living things left in this mainland.

Everything in this world had completely vanished.

The little white tiger was in Ye Qingtang’s arms. It hesitated to speak, but it suddenly sensed Ye Qingtang’s arms around it tighten. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Warm moisture soaked the fur on its head.

Little white tiger raised its head involuntarily and suddenly saw…

That at some point, two lines of tears had begun running down Ye Qingtang’s exquisite face.

The tears fell noiselessly and sank into little white tiger’s smooth fur.

This soundless sobbing caused the little white tiger’s heart to quiver.

“In the end… I could not stop this…” Ye Qingtang felt everything before her blur. She raised her head and tried to see more clearly, but her vision became increasingly blurred.

She was prepared to give her life to defend this mainland.

However…

In the end, she survived, but this mainland was completely destroyed…

Having lost its living things, this mainland would slowly become desolate as time went by.

Ye Qingtang had left this mainland in her previous life and was unaware of this calamity.

In this life, she was present but was helpless to stop it…

Hot tears fell. The little white tiger clearly sensed the warmth of her tears. It panicked a little as it looked at Ye Qingtang. It had never seen her with this kind of expression before.

The little white tiger shook its whiskers and suddenly said, “Don’t cry… although this is the worst possible outcome, you can still find little You Yun and release all the spiritual energy she absorbed…”

Ye Qingtang’s gaze immediately turned to the little white tiger when it spoke.

The little white tiger continued. “Everyone on this mainland was absorbed by little You Yun. Logically speaking, if little You Yun releases their souls, then they will revive… so the situation may not be hopeless…”

Ye Qingtang’s eyes brightened a little. She said thoughtfully, “Would Hong Heqing and the others be resurrected?”

“Well… they died in battle previously… and had nothing to do with little You Yun… It’s hard to tell if they will be resurrected…” The little white tiger shook its head.