Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1221 Central Mainland 1

Compared to the little white tiger’s excitement, Ye Qingtang was indifferent towards the abundant spirit energy in Central Mainland.

When she had first come to Central Mainland in her previous life, she had also been taken aback by the abundant spirit energy here.

The power of the Central Mainland did not solely depend on its advanced martial culture but was also due to the abundant spirit energy that provided a conducive environment for cultivation. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Speaking of which… where are we?” The little white tiger looked around the gorge. It did not know whether it was mistaken, but it sensed that Ye Qingtang was fairly familiar with Central Mainland.

The moment she stepped into Central Mainland, Ye Qingtang seemed to know where she was going.

“Gorge of the Dead,” Ye Qingtang said blandly.

“How do you know?” The little white tiger asked curiously.

But before Ye Qingtang could respond, a clamor suddenly arose from afar. She almost subconsciously caught the little white tiger and hid behind a huge rock with a flying leap.

No matter what that noise was, Ye Qingtang was not interested.

Just as Ye Qingtang and the little white tiger hid behind the huge rock, several figures a short distance away suddenly flew towards them.

One figure was a thin man with a goatee. He was running swiftly, but before he could advance a few miles, several wisps of gray fog suddenly flew towards him from behind and blasted the grass in front of him.

A huge pit immediately formed in front of the man, cutting him off. Several black figures suddenly appeared in front of him.

Ye Qingtang and the little white tiger, who were hiding behind the huge rock, saw the black figures clearly.

They seemed semi-human. Each was wearing a black cape, but beneath the cape, their bodies were not human but white skeletons.

The Undead Clan…

Ye Qingtang could not help but frown when she saw the skeletons in black capes.

The Undead Clan was one of the alien races in Central Mainland.

When Ye Qingtang was in Central Mainland previously, she had heard rumors about the Undead Clan. Legend had it that the Undead Clan was not native to Central Mainland but had arrived more than ten thousand years ago.

They were violent by nature and loved to kill. They had terrorized Central Mainland thousands of years ago. But a few thousand years ago, the might of the Undead Clan had waned, giving the people in Central Mainland some respite.

Further, the most powerful force within the Undead Clan was the Temple of Shadows that controlled the entire Undead Clan.

Ye Qingtang’s gaze swept across the capes of the Undead. She suddenly saw that their capes were embroidered with the symbol of the Temple of Shadows.

Ye Qingtang had not expected to encounter Undeads from the Temple of Shadows.

One must know that in Central Mainland, the Temple of Shadows was everyone’s nightmare. Although it had sunk into obscurity nearly a thousand years ago, their terror had continued to linger.

If they discovered her and the little white tiger, they would probably die there.

Just as Ye Qingtang was secretly observing this, an Undead berated the man with the goatee.

“Human, how dare you steal the treasure of the Temple of Shadows? If you wish to live, you must hand over the Nine Souls Ring…”