Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

1224 Temple of Shadows 1

“F*ck, are you still trying to flee!” The little white tiger immediately noticed the man with the goatee’s movement and let out a roar.

Ye Qingtang immediately issued orders to the Undead. “Capture him.”

“Yes!”

The Undead immediately followed orders and flew towards the man with the goatee, who was trying to flee. Before he got more than a few meters away, the Undead had caught him by the ankles and dragged him upside down to Ye Qingtang.

“Holy Lord.”

Ye Qingtang nodded slightly. After personally witnessing the power of the Undead, this was the first time she was thankful for her looks.

If not for her looks, she would probably be in the same position as the man with the goatee.

“Ha… Holy Lord… I have long heard of you. My respect for you is unending… I am truly fortunate to see your glory today…” The man with the goatee, who was being held upside down, calmly plied Ye Qingtang with extravagant compliments.

“Oh?” Ye Qingtang raised her brows slightly.

This fellow was really good at changing sides.

“In that case, why don’t you hand the Nine Souls Ring over?” Ye Qingtang suddenly said with a smile. Since she was playing the role of the Temple of Shadows’ Holy Lord, she might as well do it thoroughly.

At Ye Qingtang’s words, an Undead suddenly jogged forward a few steps and picked up the bundle that the man with the goatee had given to Ye Qingtang, which she had thrown on the ground. It respectfully brought it to Ye Qingtang.

Although it had a skull, for some reason, Ye Qingtang felt that this Undead was looking to take the credit.

“Holy Lord, the Nine Souls Ring,” said the Undead.

Ye Qingtang swept a glance at the bundle, then glanced at the Undead who was looking for credit. She did not know what to say. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“The Nine Souls Ring is not in the bundle,” Ye Qingtang said helplessly.

The Undead was taken aback and immediately opened the bundle.

As he watched the Undead open the bundle, the man with the goatee covered his eyes in despair.

As expected, the bundle was filled with rags and gravel.

Only then did the Undead realize that it had been tricked by the man with the goatee. It angrily tossed the things aside, and its skeletal hand reached out to choke the man with the goatee.

“Don’t act rashly before the Holy Lord!” Another Undead immediately shouted.

The first Undead then realized in alarm that it had gone too far. It kneeled before Ye Qingtang in terror and said, “I have offended the Holy Lord in my ignorance. I deserve to die. Please, Holy Lord, punish me with the Destruction Technique…”

As their name showed, the Undead could live forever. The Destruction Technique was one of the Dharma spells that could kill the Undead.

It was pleading to be eternally destroyed just because of a moment of carelessness. Ye Qingtang could not help but feel ashamed in the face of the Undeads’ worshipful attitude towards the Holy Lord…

The more they venerated her, the more she was afraid to reveal her true status.

If they discovered that she was a fake, they would probably sentence her to death for blaspheming their Holy Lord…

Heaven knew that the Undead were famous in this mainland for their methods of torture.

Ye Qingtang was secretly shocked but did not allow it to show. Instead, she maintained her aloof appearance.

“Forget it. I declare you innocent.”

“The Holy Lord is merciful. I am filled with gratitude.” The Undead kowtowed three times to Ye Qingtang.