Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1237: Pagoda Of The Dead (2)

“I’ve heard a little,” Ye Qingtang said softly as she gingerly walked across the Pagoda of the Dead.

“The Holy Lord of Shadows was supremely powerful in Central Mainland. She commanded millions of Undead, and all the clans in the mainland bowed to her. Miss Ye… if you want the Undead of the Temple of Shadows to believe that you are the Holy Lord, you need to imitate her attitude and behavior. The Holy Lord of Shadows is not as easy-going a mistress as Miss Ye.”

“I am now in the Pagoda of the Dead. What am I supposed to do?” Ye Qingtang vaguely understood Ling Yan’s meaning, but it did not apply to her current situation.

“The Pagoda of the Dead is a sacred pagoda in the Temple of Shadows. Millions of souls are gathered within it. Every so often, the Holy Lord of Shadows needs to release some of these twisted souls and pray for blessings for the entire Clan of the Undead. Miss Ye only needs to walk to the top of the pagoda and sing the incantation of the Undead at the altar,” said Ling Yan.

“What incantation?” The nearer she got to the top of the pagoda, the more Ye Qingtang felt worried.

Ling Yan was quiet for a moment. Then, he sang an obscure incantation of the Undead. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Ye Qingtang had never come across this incantation of the Undead. Even with Ling Yan smoothly singing it in her ear, it sounded very foreign.

However…

She had already arrived at the top of the Pagoda of the Dead and was standing next to the altar.

At the bottom of the Pagoda of the Dead, Ming Wang and the other tribe leaders were closely following Ye Qingtang’s every move.

With Ling Yan continually repeating the incantation, Ye Qingtang finally memorized some of it. She somewhat awkwardly imitated the incantation that Ling Yan had spoken and sang the incantation of release.

As Ye Qingtang sang, numerous black shadows suddenly poured out of the altar. The black shadows wailed continually. They coiled upwards as if they were enclosed in a whirlwind and rose towards the ceiling of the Hall of Gloom.

The wailing of the souls reverberated through the entire hall.

However, at that moment, Ming Wang’s eyes narrowed slightly.

Something was amiss.

As millions of souls were released, their wails echoed in his ears for a long time before slowly dissipating. The souls seemed to vanish in the darkness.

“Miss Ye, you can go down now.”

With that, Ye Qingtang climbed down the Pagoda of the Dead.

Ming Wang was expressionless. His gaze swept across Ye Qingtang’s face, and he said, “Holy Lord, you must be tired after we have troubled you to conduct the ritual today.”

Ye Qingtang felt as if she had just had a brush with death. If not for Ling Yan, she would have been completely exposed.

After the ritual ended, Ye Qingtang went back to her sleeping chambers.

As Ye Qingtang left, many Undead also left the Hall of Gloom. Only the tribe leaders, elders, guardians, Ming Gu, and Ming Wang remained behind.

“This Holy Lord is probably an impostor…” The leader of the Goblin Tribe swept a look at all the Undead present as he spoke.

The leader of the Demon Tribe also frowned. “I think she is most likely a fake. When she sang the incantation just now, it was clearly different from how she sang it previously.”

They felt that the Holy Lord’s sudden return was suspicious. Now, although Ye Qingtang had followed the rituals and completed them in a satisfactory manner, there were many differences compared to how the Holy Lord had completed the rituals in the past.

“I remember that the Holy Lord used to fly to the top of the pagoda. This is the first time I have seen her walk up step by step…” Lady Ghost said with a soft laugh.

“The incantation was also rather jerky. It was completely unlike the Holy Lord’s cold and arrogant air,” the leader of the Demon Tribe said with a frown.