Chapter 1250: Every Debt Has Its Debtor (3)

Ye Qingtang remained firmly seated and did not move an inch. The Branch Master of the Temple of Shadows took on the attack from the Grand Elder of the Yunying Sect.

“Who is this lowly human? You are not worthy to fight the Holy Lord of Shadows.” The Branch Master laughed softly and eerily. He was soon embroiled in a fight with the Grand Elder of the Yunying Sect.

The others from the Yunying Sect also began to fight the Undead from the Temple of Shadows.

The entire birthday banquet dissolved into shouts and explosions, creating many strong aftershocks that smashed everything in the vicinity.

Ye Qingtang saw that the two sides were fighting intensely. She continued to smile slightly as she casually poured a cup of wine for herself and sipped it as if nothing had happened.

Many of the guests at the birthday banquet were shocked by the intensity of the battle.

They had not thought that a birthday banquet would lead to a fight between the Yunying Sect and the Temple of Shadows.

The Grand Elder of the Yunying Sect was truly formidable, but the Branch Master of the Yunying Sect would not give an inch. The two of them fought furiously, and the aftershocks from their battle allowed the others to sense just how horrifying their powers were.

The Temple of Shadows is indeed formidable. Although it has been on the decline for thousands of years, its original strength still remains. Everyone present could not help but think this as they saw the bewildering scene before them.

“The Holy Lord of Shadows has not acted yet, and the Yunying Sect is merely on par with the Temple of Shadows. If the Holy Lord of Shadows acts, won’t it mean…”

Everyone subconsciously looked at Ye Qingtang.

Act?

No way.

Ye Qingtang forced herself to pretend to be calm and tried her best to maintain the dignity of the Holy Lord. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

She was exhausted from just remaining in the same spot and withstanding the aftershocks of the battle between the powerful cultivators from both sides. If she were not afraid of exposing herself, she would have slunk away already.

Luo Qi looked at the intense battle, then turned to look at Luo Qufeng and Luo Feng with a slightly worried expression. However, Luo Feng only secretly shook his head at him with a mocking look in his eyes.

The two sides were embroiled in the fight. No one wanted to be on the losing end.

The Grand Elder of the Yunying Sect had diligently trained for thousands of years, but the Temple of Shadows had a deep foundation, and the Branch Master was extremely powerful.

The two sides were momentarily at a stalemate.

The elders from the Yunying Sect could hold their own against their opponents, but they were inwardly worried.

The Holy Lord of Shadows had not yet entered the fight, yet they still could not gain the upper hand and were unable to even touch the Holy Lord of Shadows.

Once the Holy Lord of Shadows entered the fight, they would certainly lose.

“Grand Elder, we cannot continue like this. Since the Holy Lord of Shadows has appeared, we can always seek vengeance another day.” One of the Yunying Sect elders took the opportunity to advise the Grand Elder.

They had only come to offer their good wishes and were few and unprepared. They could not continue fighting for long. Furthermore, the Luo House was not far from the Temple of Shadows. If the Holy Lord of Shadows gave the command, reinforcements from the Undead of the Temple of Shadows would certainly reach before their own reinforcements.

The Grand Elder of the Yunying Sect gritted his teeth as he looked at Ye Qingtang sitting peacefully nearby. His eyes were bloodshot with hatred.

But having lived thousands of years, he was not one to act rashly, and he withdrew.

“Holy Lord of Shadows, I will certainly avenge the Yun Clan.”

With that, the Grand Elder of the Yunying Sect led everyone and swiftly left the Luo House.

Ye Qingtang heaved a huge sigh of relief when she saw the retreating figure of the Grand Elder of the Yunying Sect.

A debt belongs to its debtor. Grand Elder, you have the wrong person!!