Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1263: To Try To Gain An Advantage Only To End Up Worse Off (1)

The technique that Luo Qufeng used to absorb Ye Qingtang’s cultivation base was completely dispersed by that huge force, which rushed into his body instead and absorbed his own cultivation base continuously.

Luo Qufeng’s expression changed drastically by this abrupt change. He hurriedly retracted his hand, but it was already too late.

As his cultivation base was absorbed by Ye Qingtang, his complexion turned white gradually.

Earlier on, everyone was alarmed when they realized that Luo Qufeng wanted to launch a sneak attack on Ye Qingtang and absorb her powers.

But at present…

They realized that there were no signs of discomfort on Ye Qingtang’s exquisite face, and instead, Luo Qufeng appeared pale and drained.

“What’s going on with Luo Qufeng?”

“I don’t know. I did not see the Holy Lord of Shadows attack just now either.”

“Could he be wounded by the impact of the Holy Lord of Shadows’s internal energy?”

Confusion crowded their minds.

On the other hand, Ye Qingtang was overwhelmed with shock.

It was natural for her to know that she possessed the Devouring Bloodline of the Mutated Heavenly Demon Bloodline. However, she was also very clear that it was simply impossible for her to use the Devouring Bloodline to devour the powers of other cultivators with her current skills and that she could at most absorb a few plants here and there.

Ye Qingtang initially thought that she would definitely die this time, but Luo Qufeng’s reaction surprised her.

What exactly was going on?!

Why did Luo Qufeng’s complexion become so ugly?

Calming herself down, she faintly sensed that Luo Qufeng’s powers were slowly absorbed by the Devouring Bloodline in her body, and the energy absorbed did not remain in her body but seemed to disappear into a void.

Ye Qingtang was filled with surprise, but she also sighed in relief secretly.

The Heavenly Demon Devouring Bloodline was the ancestor of many Devouring Bloodlines while Luo Qufeng’s technique to absorb the cultivation base of others must have been defeated and stimulated the Heavenly Demon Devouring Bloodline; thus, there was a reflection of the effect.

However, Ye Qingtang was also very clear that even if Luo Qufeng’s cultivation base was absorbed by the Heavenly Demon Devouring Bloodline, it had nothing to do with her. She did not initiate the bloodline to absorb his powers, and it was the Heavenly Demon Devouring Bloodline which acted by itself. Thus, no matter how much power was absorbed, she could not use any of it.

Currently, Luo Qufeng was not as arrogant as before. He could clearly feel that his cultivation base was being absorbed away continuously, but he had no means of stopping it.

In no time, Luo Qufeng seemed to have suffered a huge hit as his entire body was flung out, and he spat out a mouthful of blood.

Blood stains streaked all over his ashy face, highlighting his miserable state. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Luo Qufeng fell on the ground and clutched his chest that was almost exploding. He glared in disbelief at Ye Qingtang, who was completely unharmed.

In just a moment, all the cultivation base in his body was completely absorbed away by her!

Thousands of years of cultivation and his painstaking efforts to plot this scheme were utterly destroyed at this moment.

How could this be…

Never would Luo Qufeng have dreamed that he would actually lose all his cultivation base.

As Ye Qingtang looked at Luo Qufeng, who collapsed on the ground puking blood, there was somewhat sympathy in her eyes.

She could not be blamed for this…

He was the one who insisted on absorbing her cultivation base, which ended up infuriating the Heavenly Demon Devouring Bloodline in her body. Not only was Luo Qufeng unable to absorb anything, but his own cultivation base was completely absorbed away by the Heavenly Demon Devouring Bloodline, and he even suffered the reflection of the Heavenly Demon Devouring Bloodline…