Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1264: To Try To Gain An Advantage Only To End Up Worse Off (2)

It was really…

Trying to gain an advantage only to end up worse off…

Ye Qingtang faintly felt that the restless Heavenly Demon Devouring Bloodline in her body had calmed down while Luo Qufeng’s cultivation base, which the Heavenly Demon Devouring Bloodline absorbed previously, disappeared without a trace.

That was Luo Qufeng’s cultivation of a lifetime…

While that energy was powerful, it could not be of any use to Ye Qingtang as all she could use was the energy she actively absorbed…

Despite this, Ye Qingtang was still very content.

If not for the stimulation of the Heavenly Demon Devouring Bloodline, she would have long been dead.

No one knew the reason behind the situation, but they could not hold back their astonishment when they saw that Ye Qingtang severely injured Luo Qufeng without doing anything.

Only the Temple of Shadows Hall Master frowned slightly after witnessing the sight.

“Heavenly Demon Devouring Bloodline…” The Temple of Shadows Hall Master mumbled softly.

Perhaps no one could tell, but he did. The reason why Luo Qufeng was seriously wounded that the Heavenly Demon Devouring Bloodline within Ye Qingtang was stimulated. Moreover… it was stimulated passively, and it was not Ye Qingtang who actively absorbed Luo Qufeng’s cultivation base.

This… caused the Temple of Shadows Hall Master to become suspicious.

However, he did not show too much emotion and merely observed silently.

On the other hand, Ye Qingtang calmed herself down and looked at the miserable Luo Qufeng.

If she did not guess wrongly, Luo Qufeng was now a good-for-nothing with zero cultivation base after his cultivation base was all absorbed by the Heavenly Demon Devouring Bloodline.

Ye Qingtang moved her feet and walked straight towards Luo Qufeng.

She could not defeat Luo Qufeng at all previously, but now…

Luo Qufeng was completely unaware that this happened because of Ye Qingtang’s Devouring Bloodline and merely thought that this Holy Lord of Shadows was so formidable that she actually also grasped such techniques to absorb the cultivation base of others.

As he, who had lost all cultivation base, watched Ye Qingtang inch closer, his face turned increasingly pale.

“Holy Lord of Shadows, you actually also…” Luo Qufeng’s expression changed drastically and was about to mention that Ye Qingtang also knew techniques to absorb cultivation bases.

But Ye Qingtang would not give him the chance to speak now.

Before Luo Qufeng could speak finish, a black flame appeared in Ye Qingtang’s hand suddenly, and it flew towards the ghastly Luo Qufeng with the slight flick of her finger. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Before Luo Qufeng could finish his sentence, he was interrupted by the excruciating burn from the blazing flame. The moment the flame touched his clothes, it spread all over his body like a wildfire.

In the dark night, Luo Qufeng was engulfed by the black flame as cries of misery escaped his mouth non-stop.

The silent night seemed extremely eerie and terrifying.

No one knew that Luo Qufeng had already lost his cultivation base and only saw that Luo Qufeng was unable to retaliate against Ye Qingtang’s casual attack using a black flame. This sight drew much astonishment at Ye Qingtang’s unfathomable powers.

Ye Qingtang stood at a side expressionlessly in a detached manner.

Unbeknownst to all, her heart had leaped to her throat just a moment ago.

Had Luo Qufeng not lost his cultivation base, she would definitely not attack Luo Qufeng no matter how bold she was.

But now…

Torturing someone without any cultivation base was an easy feat.

The Luo Family members watched the sight in disbelief.

“Why… why did it become like this?” Luo Qi watched with wide eyes as Luo Qufeng was engulfed by the black flame.