Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 130: Outer Sect Disciple (3)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Despite the fact that Ye Qingtang passed the three segments of the entrance assessment with flying colors, her red spirit root was still ultimately displeasing to all elders.

Very obviously, the elder from the outer sect’s Sword Faction did not think highly of Ye Qingtang, who had a red spirit root. Even if the elder did not show any extreme behavior, the casual look on his face already revealed his despise and belittlement.

Ye Qingtang had already expected this, as she experienced the same thing in her previous life as well. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

However…

Having a red spirit root today did not mean she would have a red spirit root her entire life.

After admonishing the new disciples for a while, the elder from the outer sect Sword Faction informed them of the rules in the sect.

The sect would assign certain missions for disciples apart from cultivation. Upon completion of the missions, the disciples would obtain Xuanming points from the sect.

These Xuanming points had a special meaning in the sect. Not only could the disciples use the points to exchange for elixirs and martial technique scrolls, but it could also be used to exchange for the right to use the holy land for cultivation.

It could be said that the Xuanming points were equal to another type of currency within the sect.

It could bring even more opportunities for cultivation and benefits for all disciples.

Other than the assigned missions, one could also obtain the Xuanming points by heading to the Rewards Pavilion and completing any mission of their choice where points were rewarded correspondingly.

After he was done announcing the rules of the outer sect, the elder from the outer sect’s Sword Faction nodded at a disciple behind him.

That disciple went forward immediately. In his hands was a tray with dozens of small porcelain bottles placed in it.

Ye Qingtang’s eyes shone when she saw the porcelain bottles. At the same time, the elder said once again, “This is the Xi Spirit Pill. In the future, everyone will be given two bottles of the Xi Spirit Pill every month.”

Looks of happiness could be seen in the new disciples’ eyes when they heard the elder’s words.

The Xi Spirit Pill was a rather rare elixir which was extremely helpful for their cultivation. However, outside the sect, even royals had difficulty buying such an elixir. These kinds of elixirs could only be refined in sects, and the prescriptions were held in the hands of the Herbal Factions’ elders without circulating it outside.

If brought outside the sect, such a Xi Spirit Pill would still be in short supply even if it were to be sold for over thousands per pill.

Yet, in the sect, this was given to disciples monthly.

Two bottles of Xi Spirit Pill were enough for the new disciples to feel the distance between the sect and the outside world, and this was merely the most basic thing.

Those Xi Spirit Pills were quickly placed into the hands of the new disciples, and almost everyone held it exceptionally carefully.

Even for disciples from prominent backgrounds such as Lu Xiuwen and Yun Shu, they could not help but wear a happy expression when they saw the Xi Spirit Pills.

This was an item that normal people were unable to obtain.

Ye Qingtang’s lips tugged up as she looked at the Xi Spirit Pill. This item was really a good thing. The Xi Spirit Pills could help her in her cultivation and even nourish her newly-grown spirit root.

The Xi Spirit Pill had a strong spirit energy, and what her spirit root needed to grow was none other than spirit energy!

After handing out the Xi Spirit Pills, the elder left straight away without saying much.

In the outer sect, the elder would not teach the disciples martial arts directly. If they wanted to cultivate, they had to go to the Sword Faction Pavilion and listen to the lessons by the elders of the outer sect.

Just when everyone was excited over obtaining the Xi Spirit Pills, they did not notice a few devious pairs of eyes staring at the Xi Spirit Pills in their hands.