Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 133: Arena (3)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

The new disciple also knew that he was definitely not Zhou Qu’s opponent, but based on the fact this his own physique was not bad, he thought that no matter how poorly-skilled he was, he would not be knocked out from three blows. Even if he were to sustain some injuries, he would still be able to forcefully hold out.

This thought came across the minds of many new disciples.

Logically, there was nothing wrong with this thought.

Unless there was an extremely huge disparity between the two parties, it was almost impossible for one to knockout the other party in three moves.

If Zhou Qu were an inner sect disciple, no one would dare to receive his punches, but since he was also in the outer sect, they believed that there was not too big of a gap in their abilities.

Expectantly, the new disciple directed his energy and stood still as he waited to receive the three moves and take the Xi Spirit Pill.

Zhou Qu looked full of smiles, but in reality, a force already gathered in his hands. He suddenly attacked, greeting the new disciple with his fist.

Since the new disciple was to receive the attack, he could also strike a move to handle the attack as long as he could receive the next move.

When the two of them exchanged blows, Zhou Qu landed a heavy punch straight on the other party’s face, and that disciple immediately raised a hand to block the attack, receiving the first move. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Although it was rather strenuous, joy riled up in the new disciple’s heart.

Indeed, receiving a few of Zhou Qu’s moves was not tough. While the force of Zhou Qu’s punch was very huge, he was not cunning in his attacks, so there should not be a problem in forcefully receiving the attacks.

A while later, Zhou Qu struck a second move, and this was also safely received by the new disciple.

The continuous two moves fell into the eyes of the onlookers. After seeing that Zhou Qu’s moves were neither swift nor fierce, the new disciples who were still hesitant immediately let down their guard and clenched their fists in preparation to give it a try.

Seeing the new disciples letting down their guards, Ye Qingtang silently shook her head from the side.

Zhou Qu’s trick was really effective.

In the three moves, the most crucial one was the third move.

Zhou Qu struck and landed his third move which appeared exactly the same as the previous moves with the same speed that one could easily withstand.

However, just when that new disciple raised his hand to receive the move and met Zhou Qu’s fist, he could only feel a violent force like that of a fierce tiger running downhill penetrating from the fist into his entire body. That force was extremely huge and was simply not what he could bear. Before he could return to his senses, his entire body was flung out from the huge force!

Everyone thought that Zhou Qu’s three moves were rather easy to receive, and no one would have thought that the new disciple would suddenly miss at the last move.

With the disciple losing at the third move, the fight was naturally over. That disciple held on his painful chest and looked up at Zhou Qu who was fake-smiling.

Only he would know that the ordinary-looking third move was utterly different from the two moves exchanged previously!

Many new disciples around him still found it a pity, as they felt that he was so close to winning a bottle of Xi Spirit Pill.

Now, not only did that new disciple not win the Xi Spirit Pill, he lost Xi Spirit Pill that he just obtained to Zhou Qu.

“It’s really a pity, junior brother. Just a little more, and you could have received the third move.” Zhou Qu purposely sighed regrettably with an evil glint in his eyes as he held the Xi Spirit Pill he obtained.

Amongst these new disciples, how many could withstand one punch from him?

If he didn’t go easy first, how else could he let this group of little bastards bear hope and come forward to “gift” him the Xi Spirit Pills one by one?