Chapter 134: Arena (4)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

If Zhou Qu used all his force from the start, definitely no one would dare to go up. But with such a cover-up, the disciples would immediately think that they have a chance of winning.

To catch a big fish, one must cast a long line.

Zhou Qu was really skillful in using this strategy.

Moreover, the new disciples were not old—fifteen, sixteen-year-olds were very easy to be duped.

As expected, when the first new disciple lost a bottle of Xi Spirit Pill, a few other new disciples went up successively. Those new disciples, without exception, did not have any energy to block Zhou Qu’s third move.

One or two times was a coincidence, but if so many people lost at the third move, it would be really dumb of those new disciples if they still did not realize anything fishy.

In just a short while, Zhou Qu collected five to six bottles of Xi Spirit Pills. Subtracting the bottle he gave to Lu Xiuwen, he still gained quite a lot.

Seeing as to how the remaining new disciples began to be more vigilant, Zhou Qu knew that no one else in this new batch would be fooled anymore.

“This Senior Brother Zhou is misbehaving.” Yun Shu, who had already seen Zhou Qu’s scheme, could not help but frown and feel unhappy.

Ye Qingtang narrowed her eyes and looked at the dejected look of the disciples who lost their Xi Spirit Pills as though she saw herself in her previous life.

Having two bottles of Xi Spirit Pills every month already was not ample enough. Now that one bottle was snatched away when they just received it, the remaining one bottle was simply not enough to support their consumption for a month. With such dissipation, the new disciples would definitely suffer a loss in their cultivation.

Ye Qingtang suddenly turned around and replied to Yun Shu, “Senior Brother Yun, let’s play a round, should we?”

Yun Shu was slightly taken aback and did not know what Ye Qingtang’s words meant.

Ye Qingtang quietly said a few words by Yun Shu’s ears, and Yun Shu could not help but widen his eyes.

On the arena, Zhou Qu waited for a while, and after realizing that no fishes were going to be baited anymore, he then prepared to stop. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

But just when Zhou Qu was about to leave, a small figure suddenly stepped up the arena.

“Senior Brother Zhou, can I give this a try?”

A girl’s voice, which had a slight hint of laughter, reverberated on the arena.

Everyone’s eyes were instantly fixed on the tiny figure on the arena.

Zhou Qu paused in his tracks. Turning around, he saw a skinny, beautiful girl walking up the arena and was stunned.

“How do I address you, junior sister?” Zhou Qu asked carefully. The new disciples had already clearly seen his scheme, how could there be such a foolish person to come knocking on his door?

“I am Ye Qingtang,” Ye Qingtang said with a smile.

The caution in Zhou Qu’s eyes vanished into thin air once Ye Qingtang said her name, and a scornful expression instantly appeared in his eyes.

There was already a rumor that a girl with a red spirit root was selected amongst this batch of new disciples. This was a casual joke amongst them, and Zhou Qu would never have thought that the last to go up the arena would actually be the girl with an inferior red spirit root.

He had seen people who courted death, but he had never seen someone who really wanted to court death. Those new disciples with yellow spirit roots were not even his opponent, yet this girl still wanted to challenge him?

When Lu Xiuwen, who was already ready to leave, saw Ye Qingtang going up the stage, he returned immediately and looked at her as though he was ready to watch a good show.

Those new disciples were taken aback for a moment as well because of Ye Qingtang’s appearance.

Everyone felt that Ye Qingtang was definitely crazy. Otherwise, how would a girl with such a small red spirit root dare to enter the arena?