Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

1366 Gap 2

The Emperor’s expression was very unpleasant. He could not understand why the entire bottle of poisonous wine could not kill Ye Qingtang.

However, he was still determined to kill her.

After the Emperor finished his words, a giant man who was wearing gold armor jumped out and landed in front of Ye Qingtang.

Long Qi was the most powerful person in the Yuan Kingdom. He was the one that the Emperor relied the most on.

Ye Qingtang narrowed her eyes, and she was more cautious now.

According to the rumors, Long Qi was very powerful, and he had reached the top in the world. Part of the reason why Ye Qingtang came to the palace was to meet Long Qi and judge the ability of people in this world.

Though Ye Qingtang was able to beat everyone before, she was still very cautious in front of Long Qi. She held a talisman in her hand secretly.

She acquired the talisman from the Hell of Avicinaraka before. It could transmit her away for a short distance, about a few hundred meters away. However, it could save her life when her life was under threat.

Ye Qingtang was fully prepared. If Long Qi was too powerful, she would crush the talisman and run away. She did not care about the mission as she only wanted to find a place to cultivate.

After Ye Qingtang set her plan, Long Qi suddenly began his attack. He pulled the sword out by his waist, and the sound echoed in the entire palace.

People from the Dongfang family were delighted when they saw Long Qi pull out the sword. They were expecting to see something exciting when they saw how fierce he was.

Ye Qingtang stared at the sharp sword in Long Qi’s hand, but she did not notice any sword breath on it. If she did not pay attention to that, based on the Dongfang family’s and Su Mo’er’s shocking reaction, she would really believe that Long Qi’s sword could end her life here right away…

Long Qi was expressionless. Ye Qingtang was just a normal girl in his eyes. He could just kill her with one slash. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Long Qi slashed the sword down towards Ye Qingtang’s head.

Everyone held their breath as they heard the sound when the sword slashed through the air.

He was really the most powerful person of the Yuan Kingdom from his imposing demeanor. Ye Qingtang must be dead now.

Clang!

A crisp sound echoed in the huge palace.

Long Qi slashed his sword down, and it landed on Ye Qingtang’s head. However, the moment it touched her head, the entire sword broke into half from the center.

Clank clank clank!!

The broken sword dropped onto the ground.

Long Qi’s majestic expression changed as he held the broken sword. Ye Qingtang was not hurt at all. His broken sword did not even touch Ye Qingtang’s hair.

Ye Qingtang looked at how stunned Long Qi was and took a glimpse at the talisman in her hand.

So…

That was the ability of the most powerful person in the Yuan Kingdom?

Ye Qingtang felt she was stupid for the first time ever.

She was so cautious when dealing with an ant’s attack!! She even took out her talisman?!

She kept away the talisman and used two fingers to hold onto the broken sword and moved it away with little force.

Ye Qingtang really did not use much force, but Long Qi could not resist her movements even though he had used all his force.