Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1374 Floating Island 1

The Dragon Court Sect sent a large boat to the shores of each country to transport its guests.

As the most important sect in this mainland, the Dragon Court Sect possessed incomparable wealth. Every kingdom considered it an honor to present their offerings to the immortal of the Dragon Court Sect. They even competed in terms of tribute, with each kingdom sending a more sumptuous tribute than the next, to prove that their kingdom respected the Dragon Court Sect the most.

When Ye Qingtang arrived at the coastal port, she boarded the boat from the Dragon Court Sect with her invitation in hand.

This was the last boat from the Dragon Court Sect. If she missed it, she would be unable to reach the island.

Ye Qingtang could have flown there directly. However, neither Su Qiao nor Ye Qingtang had heard much about the Dragon Court Sect in the Yuan Kingdom. All that was mentioned were the existence of an immortal in the Dragon Court Sect and the various praises of the Dragon Court Sect.

Ye Qingtang was also uncertain whether the Dragon Court Sect’s immortal was an explorer lured there by the God of Nature. As a result, she was more cautious.

Although the Holy Lord of Shadows had sealed the Illusory Void in the Temple thousands of years ago, this Illusory Void must have been outside before she sealed it, and others could naturally enter it.

Ye Qingtang was uncertain whether all those people had already left.

After all…

The rules were set by that unreliable God.

Also, the Illusory Void did not just open in the Central Mainland, which was in the First Domain. When Ye Qingtang was in the Second Domain, she had also heard a rumor that it had opened thousands of years ago.

As to what it was like, who could tell?

It took at least five days to get from the shore to the Floating Island. Ye Qingtang had nothing to do on the boat. When she was done cultivating, she listened to the disciples on the boat praising the works of the Dragon Court Sect.

Like resurrecting the dead.

And ensuring peace for the nations.

And praying for rain. They had numerous incidents like that to recount.

The Dragon Court Sect was absolutely omnipotent. As long as one had enough faith, the Dragon Court Sect would protect them. If one was lucky enough, the immortal of the Dragon Court Sect might even bless them…

And if anyone dared to offend the Dragon Court Sect at all, everyone would despise him. She heard that an Emperor from one of the kingdoms had been rude to an ambassador from the Dragon Court Sect, and the other kingdoms had simply exterminated the entire kingdom.

In this mainland, if one angered royalty or someone influential, they could escape from the country and lead an ignoble existence. But if one offended the Dragon Court Sect, there was nowhere to hide in this wide world.

Now, Ye Qingtang finally understood the Yuan Kingdom’s frenzied adoration of immortals.

It was probably the same in every kingdom in this mainland.

Ye Qingtang was just thinking about the clues she had gathered when there was a commotion from the head of the boat. She looked over to see an arrogant-looking man dressed in white, surrounded by a group of disciples.

This man was a prince in one of the kingdoms. This year, the Dragon Court Sect had recognized his worth and permitted him to enter the sect as one of its official disciples. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

One might say that everyone in this mainland longed for this kind of recognition.

This man had immediately given up his status as a prince and thrown himself into the Dragon Court Sect’s embrace. Rumor had it that his royal parents were very proud of him because of this.

Ye Qingtang was entertained by all this. The five days passed quickly, and the boat finally stopped at the shore of the Floating Island.

The former prince who had just entered the Dragon Court Sect disembarked, attended by a large crowd. He had probably received more flattery along the way than he ever did when he was a prince.

Ye Qingtang also disembarked. She raised her eyes to see that the Floating Island had a tall pavilion that reached the clouds. Before she even got close to it, strains of ancient music reached her ears.