Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

1390 Picking Up Scraps 1

At that thought, Ye Qingtang could not help but turn around to look at the God of Nature, who had been floating behind her.

Who knew how many nebula points this cunning God would give her this time…

A number popped up in her mind for some reason.

Three points…

The Floating Island was the Dragon Court Sect’s main camp. Although there were many branches across the mainland, all the wealth was amassed in Floating Island.

Ye Qingtang was now a “legitimate” immortal, and everyone hoped for her to stay and build a sect. Thus, there was an unspoken consensus that all the offerings that the Dragon Court Sect swindled would be handed to Ye Qingtang as a form of reverence to her.

When everyone was on the hunt for the quacks of the Dragon Court Sect to vent their anger, Ye Qingtang headed straight to Dragon Court Sect’s treasury instead.

Over these years, the Dragon Court Sect had collected plenty of goods.

That treasury was built underground and had over ten levels. Each level had a shockingly large area and was filled with all kinds of jewels and treasures.

Ye Qingtang had no interest in those treasures at all as she was not in this world to gain a fortune.

After looking through more than ten levels, there was nothing that caught her attention.

Dharma treasures were even more out of the question. How could there be any Dharma treasures in a world with such a humble martial realm?

However, just as Ye Qingtang’s excitement dwindled, she suddenly discovered a number of antique utilities in a corner of the last level. However, the age and quality of the utilities were very difficult to distinguish.

Perhaps because it was not made of gold or silver, the Dragon Court Sect people did not pay much attention to it and casually left it there.

In that pile of utilities, there was a locked chest that seemed to be rather historic. It was covered in dust, and most of its engravings had disappeared over the years.

Ye Qingtang casually opened that chest.

Inside the chest were a pile of old ancient texts.

Ye Qingtang flipped through a book, and her expression changed.

“This book…” Ye Qingtang’s eyes widened as the ancient text actually recorded details of techniques to cultivate into an immortal.

Ye Qingtang read about half of the book patiently, and the more she read, the more she realized that the information in this ancient text was very detailed. It was just that the cultivation system was different from Ye Qingtang’s world: the foundation of cultivation was not spirit energy but primordial qi—a carrier formed by absorbing the essence in the world.

“Could there really have been immortals on this mainland?” Ye Qingtang mumbled as she flipped through other books that were all related to immortal cultivation techniques

As a cultivator who cultivated spirit energy, she was naturally aware of things pertaining to cultivation. The primordial qi cultivation as recorded in the book was very similar to the spirit energy cultivation technique, yet they were essentially different.

Even Ye Qingtang felt that these items may very likely be real.

For security purposes, Ye Qingtang stored all those utilities and the chest of ancient text into her space ring. Then, she returned to her room and summoned a Dragon Court Sect ambassador to ask about the background of these items. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

That ambassador’s face was bruised, and he did not dare to conceal anything from Ye Qingtang. Thus, he spoke about everything.

These things were originally offered to the Dragon Court Sect by the Lanling Emperor. However, those things were torn and tattered, and just with those, it was simply impossible to satiate the Dragon Court Sect’s greed. The Dragon Court Sect was extremely displeased and ordered the Lanling Kingdom to prepare a new set of offerings.