Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 140: Rewards Pavilion (1)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Xi Spirit Pill was a good item, and obviously, the more of it, the better. However, Ye Qingtang would never maltreat those who had helped her in her previous life. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

Only she, who had experienced hell before, would understand vividly how precious the kindness of a timely assistance was.

The Sword Faction was the main faction in the outer sect, and the outer sect warden was to teach Xuanling Sect’s basic swordplays.

After the warden taught the lessons, the disciples were to cultivate themselves, and the extent of improvement was all dependent on their own talent and diligence.

In her previous life, Ye Qingtang stayed in the outer sect for many years; thus, she was already extremely familiar with the content of the lessons as if they were on the back of her hand. She was very clear that although the things taught in the outer sect were profound when compared to places outside sects, the real elite skills were concentrated in the inner sect.

And only by entering the inner sect would one be able to reach higher attainment and cultivate more powerful skills.

After experiencing everything in her past life, Ye Qingtang would not be negligent. The moment she finished listening to the lesson, she immediately headed for the training hall to practice her swordplay.

Her current body was in a far better condition than the one in her previous life where she had to go through countless hardships and tribulations. Given her current condition, it was impossible for her to use the many cultivation techniques that she learned in her previous life. Moreover, she did not have a spirit root in the previous life and was utterly helpless at cultivations that used the spirit root. It could be said that she was completely a stranger to this aspect; thus, she had to cultivate even more diligently in this lifetime.

However, after a few days of cultivation, Ye Qingtang did not plod on forcefully as well.

To become powerful in the sect, one could not rely only on the lessons but had to personally fight for it.

This method was to use the Xuanming points.

Xuanming points could be exchanged for things to upgrade oneself like elixirs, martial technique scrolls, and usage of popular cultivation spots. Additionally, there was only one way of obtaining the points.

That was by doing missions…

The sect would appoint respective disciples at certain times to complete sect-appointed missions. After completing the mission, one would obtain the respective Xuanming points. However, disciples who had just entered the sect for less than a month like Ye Qingtang would not be appointed to complete missions.

Ye Qingtang really needed Xuanming points, as she knew how important it was to upgrade herself.

Hence, her goal was locked down.

“You want to go to the Rewards Pavilion?” Yun Shu was a little stunned when he heard of Ye Qingtang’s plan.

The Rewards Pavilion would distribute some missions which were not forced on the disciples but completely based on the disciples’ wish. If they wanted to earn Xuanming points, they could accept the missions where there would be no punishment should they fail, and they were able to gain Xuanming points should they succeed.

According to the differing levels of difficulty, the reward of Xuanming points varied: simple missions would have lesser rewards, and one person could complete it independently while higher difficulty missions would require disciples to form a group by themselves and complete it through teamwork.

Previously, the outer sect elder had mentioned this, but no one took it to heart.

The new disciples were still busy familiarizing themselves with everything in the outer sect then and did not have the energy to struggle with missions.

“Is it because you do not have enough Xi Spirit Pills already? I still have some with me, how about you take it first?” Yun Shu did not completely approve of Ye Qingtang’s strategy. These few days, he could tell that Ye Qingtang was more hardworking than any other disciple and felt her desire to become powerful.

However, Ye Qingtang shook her head with a smile.