1391 Picking Up Scraps 2

Nevertheless, the Lanling Kingdom was originally a small and barren country and could not give any valuable offerings. It was unable to satisfy the Dragon Court Sect’s requirement by the deadline and was condemned by the Dragon Court Sect. Thus, the Dragon Court Sect dispatched its army to the Lanling Kingdom and destroyed the entire country.

As for other issues, the ambassador was not clear.

Ye Qingtang told that person to take his leave before returning to those ancient texts.

The people on this mainland had an insane obsession with immortals. Ye Qingtang originally thought that they were abnormal, but now… she could not help but doubt if immortals really appeared on this mainland before.

For example, the first Emperor of the Yuan Kingdom also said that he saw an immortal before.

And the location of the Lanling Kingdom thousands of years ago was where the first Yuan Emperor saw an immortal.

Perhaps immortals really appeared before, and it was on the land before theLanling Kingdom was established. As for the offerings that the Lanling Kingdom gave, they were very likely left behind by that immortal.

These were truly good things. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Unfortunately, the Dragon Court Sect people could not recognize these goods. Not only did they fail to use it, but they even took their anger out on the Lanling Kingdom and destroyed the entire nation.

In this case, all the clues were cut off.

Ye Qingtang could not be certain whether such things were true or not, but her interest was piqued, and she wanted to try out those cultivation techniques recorded in the ancient texts.

It was an all-new cultivation model, but Ye Qingtang experienced an extremely intriguing feeling as though all the invisible essence in the world entered her body slowly throughout the cultivation process.

Ye Qingtang faintly sensed an unusual sensation and found that her dantian was actually strengthening gradually.

The immortal cultivation techniques on those ancient texts were actually real…

Ye Qingtang initially thought that she could at most raise her cultivation base in this world and had never thought about the treasures in the Star Pavilion.

However, she unexpectedly obtained this set of cultivation techniques now.

Using this period of time, Ye Qingtang cultivated her spirit energy to raise her cultivation base while also exploring ways to master the new cultivation method.

As Ye Qingtang obtained this pretty decent item, the Emperors outside began wrapping up the situation as well.

Those Emperors were merciless people—in order to prevent the revelation of their foolishness to the world, they killed everyone in the Dragon Court Sect and made a public announcement that the Immortal in the Dragon Court Sect had passed on and that the Immortal World sent an even stronger immortal to their mainland.

The citizens did not understand the reason but quickly accepted it out of their trust in the king and powerful figures.

Under the joint collaboration of various Emperors, Ye Qingtang’s sect was built rapidly, and its scale superseded that of the Dragon Court Sect.

Dragon Court Sect’s branches across the mainland were secretly destroyed by the Emperors and replaced by the new sect.

The replacements proceeded silently as ordered by those with authority and spread across the entire mainland.

In this period of time, Ye Qingtang remained in the Floating Island to study that new cultivation method while the God of Nature did not notify her of the completion of the mission. She was not anxious though as obtaining the admiration of everyone on this mainland would not happen so quickly.