Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

1392 Picking Up Scraps 3

In just a month, a sect named Shattered Stars was established in this mainland.

Under the active brainwashing by all the Emperors, Shattered Stars replaced the Dragon Court Sect completely and gained the faith of plenty of people in a short period of time.

Just as their prior promise, Ye Qingtang did not need to worry about any matters in Shattered Stars as everything was arranged by the various Emperors, who picked out the most faithful believers to manage everything. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Any negative comments regarding Shattered Stars were completely wiped out.

Ye Qingtang remained in Floating Island and cultivated for a month. Her cultivation realm advanced to Arcane Supremacy Eighth Heaven, but she was at a bottleneck right now, and it was tough for her skills to advance any further.

It may be because the spirit energy in this world had reached its limit of supporting rapid advancement, and Ye Qingtang might not advance any further even if she remained here.

She did not know whether time here was the same as in the Central Mainland. If she stayed here for too long, she may not know if something happened in the Central Mainland.

Then, Ye Qingtang decided to speed up the actions to gain the admiration of more people on this mainland so that she could accomplish her mission as fast as possible and leave this world.

The fastest way to gain everyone’s admiration was to teach them the ways to become more powerful.

Ye Qingtang initially intended to teach them the spirit energy cultivation technique, but this was most effective with a solid foundation from young. Furthermore, she discovered that the people on this mainland did not even have a spirit root.

Although a spirit root could be cultivated, it was too difficult and did not match Ye Qingtang’s current requirements.

Ultimately, Ye Qingtang took out the immortal cultivation technique.

She had just learned this technique and gained some understanding. This cultivation technique belonged to this world, and it should be more suitable for them.

Then, Ye Qingtang specially ordered the countries to select a few youths with superb endowments and send them to Floating Island.

Upon hearing that news, the Emperors were ecstatic and hurriedly searched for youths with excellent endowments to send to Floating Island in hopes that they would obtain the Immortal’s guidance.

Some Emperors even sent their own children that were pretty gifted. Although they were from the royal family, they were very qualified as well since no country had the audacity to fool the Immortal after all.

The youngest of them all was a twelve while the oldest was fifteen. This was the age range that was the easiest to accept novel things.

Without wasting any time, Ye Qingtang immediately summed up the immortal cultivation techniques, relayed them to the youth, and guided them on the ways to cultivate.

The effects after half a month were pretty amazing. As these youths had good endowments from the start, in addition to their reverence for the Immortal, they were extremely diligent and dedicated.

Seeing that the results were more or less achieved, she sent all of those youth back and gave them the identity of the Shattered Stars ambassador so that they could spread this cultivation technique to various countries in this mainland in her place.

Since the martial cultivation in this world was pitifully low, the effect of this type of cultivation technique could completely compete with the techniques in Ye Qingtang’s original world if the people cultivated properly.

After learning this cultivation technique, the people on the mainland seemed to have received a treasure, and this technique began to circulate around the entire mainland in no time.

Apart from cultivation techniques, Ye Qingtang also taught the gifted youth how to refine pills and their formulas.

Although she was also a quack, she was an extremely responsible one…

Even if a true immortal came, he would probably teach these things as well…

Everyone on this mainland was extremely grateful to Ye Qingtang.

A few months passed in the blink of an eye. One evening, Ye Qingtang finally received the God of Nature’s notification.

“The third mission is completed.”

Ye Qingtang heaved a sigh of relief.

“You can obtain the nebula points for this mission,” the God of Nature said lazily.

Ye Qingtang did not pay much attention either.

However, Ye Qingtang was startled when she saw that the God of Nature actually gave her one thousand nebula points.

What is going on?

This cunning God’s nature changed?!

…