Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

1396 Sacred Ground of Reflection 1

“Sacred Ground of Reflection?” Ye Qingtang looked at Lady Ghost who delivered the information.

Just a while ago, Lady Ghost suddenly notified her that a few ambassadors from the Sacred Ground of Reflection suddenly came to the Temple of Shadows.

The Temple of Shadows and Sacred Ground of Reflection had always minded their own businesses, and Ye Qingtang could only come up with a reason for their sudden visit.

Ling Yan…

When they were in the Eternal Dynasty, the Sacred Ground of Reflection ambassador appeared to support the Sacred Ground of Reflection, but in reality, they supported the former Emperor. Yet, ultimately, the Temple of Shadows interfered and allowed Ling Yan to ascend to the throne instead, completely destroying the plans of the Sacred Ground of Reflection.

With a rough idea of their purpose of visit in mind, Ye Qingtang headed straight to the main hall without saying much.

A group of sage-like men in white were standing in the center of the main hall.

Ming Wang looked at the Sacred Ground of Reflection ambassadors expressionlessly.

Evidently, Ming Wang also knew their purpose of visit even without those ambassadors speaking.

In no time, Ye Qingtang arrived in the main hall. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

The gaze of the Sacred Ground of Reflection ambassadors sharpened at the sight of Ye Qingtang.

Previously, that injured ambassador who returned to the Sacred Ground of Reflection reported that the Holy Lord of Shadows was at the scene, and this news surprised the Sacred Ground of Reflection.

The Holy Lord of Shadows had disappeared for thousands of years. Why did she suddenly return?

They were mostly doubtful when they set off for this trip, but all suspicions were gone when they saw the stunning lady seated on the black bone throne.

This lady was exactly the same as the portrait of the Holy Lord of Shadows.

“Greetings, Holy Lord of Shadows.” One ambassador stepped forward and greeted.

Ye Qingtang scanned these Sacred Ground of Reflection ambassadors silently. Without much thinking, she was also aware of their purpose of visit. If it was before, the situation might have been a little tricky for her.

But currently…

Ye Qingtang smiled faintly and rested her chin on a hand as she cast a glance at that person indifferently. “Does the Sacred Ground of Reflection not know the Temple of Shadows’s rules?”

Those ambassadors from the Sacred Ground of Reflection were dumbfounded as they did not understand the meaning behind Ye Qingtang’s words.

However, upon hearing what Ye Qingtang said, Ming Wang immediately shot the Sacred Ground of Reflection ambassadors a cold look and said, “One who sees our Holy Lord is to bow down to greet her.”

Looking at the increasingly-thoughtful Ming Wang, Ye Qingtang’s eyes smiled.

Ever since Ming Wang’s suspicions of her were eliminated, his work efficiency was extremely satisfactory.

Ye Qingtang was not the real Holy Lord of Shadows either, and many people from the Sacred Ground of Reflection sought her life to snatch the Heart of the Demon God in the previous lifetime; thus, there was no need for her to be so polite to the Sacred Ground of Reflection.

Furthermore…

How would the Holy Lord of Shadows who once ruled this mainland be afraid of the Sacred Ground of Reflection?

The lips of the Sacred Ground of Reflection ambassadors twitched, and their expressions darkened.

“We are here as ambassadors and represent the Sacred Ground of Reflection. How can we kneel to others?” An ambassador scoffed.

The Temple of Shadows was indeed glorious before, but that gloriousness was in the past.

“Then get lost,” Ye Qingtang said coldly.

The Sacred Ground of Reflection ambassadors were dumbstruck by what Ye Qingtang said.

The Holy Lord of Shadows disappeared for many years, but there were still rumors of her temperamental nature. However, they never expected that the Holy Lord of Shadows would be so arrogant to directly tell them to get lost!

She simply did not have any regard for the Sacred Ground of Reflection!