Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

1399 The Eight Tribe Leaders 1

The Eight Tribe Leaders of the Undead Clan quickly learned about the incident between the Temple of Shadows and Sacred Ground of Reflection, and they headed to the Temple of Shadows almost immediately.

“Ming Wang, don’t you owe us an explanation?” The Goblin Tribe Leader frowned slightly as he looked at Ming Wang.

The tribe leaders had been suspicious of Ye Qingtang’s appearance, but they agreed on having Ming Wang test Ye Qingtang.

However, they did not expect an accident to happen so soon.

“We and the Sacred Ground of Reflection had never provoked each other, but this relationship is now messed up over an insignificant Eternal Dynasty. Ming Wang, what exactly are you thinking? You can’t believe that she’s the real Holy Lord, can you?” Another tribe leader looked at Ming Wang and said indifferently.

The Temple of Shadows was not afraid of the Sacred Ground of Reflection, but it just did not seem worth it. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The two forces had always coexisted peacefully, but they got into a conflict soon after the Holy Lord returned.

Moreover, from what they heard, it was the Holy Lord who chased the Sacred Ground of Reflection ambassadors out, which was a blatant disrespect to the Sacred Ground of Reflection.

All the tribe leaders’ eyes were fixed on Ming Wang currently. Over this period of time, only Ming Wang had been beside Ye Qingtang, and thus his observation of Ye Qingtang was the most detailed. This was also the reason why they were willing to let Ming Wang test Ye Qingtang.

Ming Wang remained expressionless as he said coldly, “She is Ah Yao.”

“What evidence do you have?” The Goblin Tribe Leader snickered.

“The Holy Lord has not returned for a long time, and her sudden return itself is suspicious. Many of the things that she did previously were different from before. I’m afraid it’s inappropriate to make such a conclusive judgment.”

Ming Wang’s eyes turned cold instantly.

“The Holy Lord just stepped out from the Illusory Void a few days ago.”

The tribe leaders had a complicated expression upon hearing that.

The Illusory Void was a mystic realm that the Holy Lord of Shadows sealed personally, and no one could enter it apart from the Holy Lord. They tried to enter it previously, but it was futile.

“Today is the last time I am meeting you all here. If you all come to the Temple of Shadows in the future, it is a must to report to the Holy Lord in advance.” Ming Wang turned and left after leaving this sentence.

The tribe leaders’ eyes were filled with malice as they watched Ming Wang leave decisively.

“He’s just a Holy Son. Does he really think he is that great? Had the Holy Lord not protected him and Ming Gu back then, mutant undeads like them would have been completely extinct in the Second Domain.” The Demon Tribe Leader scoffed as he looked at the door that Ming Wang shut.

“If that was not the case, why else would Ming Wang and Ming Gu be so loyal to the Holy Lord? However, looking at Ming Wang’s attitude, he probably believes her identity.” The Goblin Tribe Leader rubbed his chin.

A tall man who was coated in flames squinted his eyes. He was the tribe leader of the Nether Fire Tribe. The Nether Fire Tribe members were covered in blame flames and appeared very similar to the Fire Tribe, but the black flames of the Nether Fire Tribe represented death and had an extremely strong devouring nature.

“When the Holy Lord returned previously, you all were the ones who came first. Did you all notice anything?” The Nether Fire Tribe Leader asked.

That day, the Goblin Tribe Leader and Demon Tribe Leader returned to the Temple of Shadows with Ming Wang first and met Ye Qingtang the earliest. Meanwhile, other tribe leaders, including the Nether Fire Tribe Leader, only received the news afterward.