Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 141: Rewards Pavilion (2)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“I still have Xi Spirit Pills. I just want to take a look there only,” Ye Qingtang told a white lie, as she could tell that Yun Shu was very worried.

Other disciples were still smug over obtaining Xi Spirit Pills, but Ye Qingtang was clearer than anyone that relying only on the Xi Spirit Pills was far from enough to stand out in the outer sect.

At that point of time, Ye You had already become Yunxiao Sect Sect Master’s disciple, and if Ye Qingtang was to progress so slowly, the gap between her and Ye You would only become bigger. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

At most a year!

One year later, Ye Qingtang must pass the inner sect assessment, and only then would she be able to close the gap between her and Ye You.

“Really?” Yun Shu looked at his junior sister, rather unconvinced.

Ye Qingtang laughed innocently.

“Senior Brother Yun, you think too highly of me already. What missions do you think I’ll be able to take on given my current abilities?”

Yun Shu thought so as well and did not ask anything further.

Since he still had to cultivate his swordplay, he did not accompany Ye Qingtang to the Rewards Pavilion.

Ye Qingtang went to the outer sect’s Rewards Pavilion alone.

The outer sect’s Rewards Pavilion was very broad and had three floors in total.

All sorts of rewarding missions were distributed mostly on the first floor while portraits of tyrants on the Assassination Roll was pasted all over the second floor.

It was still considered early when Ye Qingtang came, and there were not many people in the Rewards Pavilion. Amongst those who came to either select missions or submit their completed missions on the third floor, none of them noticed Ye Qingtang.

Ye Qingtang took a look on the first floor. There were plenty of rewarding missions here, and one would not be able to finish browsing them even after a day.

The missions in the Rewards Pavilion consisted of all kinds of strange things. From killing demonic beasts to seeking treasures, almost anything and everything was there. The lower corner of each mission indicated the number of Xuanming points that would be awarded upon completion.

Ye Qingtang picked a few missions which gave the highest rewards. Those few were particularly difficult, and the chance of succeeding would still be very low even with hundreds of elite disciples.

Some missions with small rewards were suitable for one to complete independently, and Ye Qingtang took a look at them as well, but after weighing her options, she felt that it was not worth it.

Most of those missions were quite some distance away from Xuanling Sect. Although they had a low level of difficulty and were not dangerous, after she took into account the distance to and fro, it would take at least half a month’s time. Moreover, the number of Xuanming points awarded were in single digits, so it was extremely not worthwhile.

In the outer sect, exchanging a bottle of Xi Spirit Pills already required fifteen Xuanming points. Even if Ye Qingtang did solo missions nonstop for a month, she would only be able to exchange for one bottle at most to even hold up her cultivation. The cost and benefit were simply not proportional.

In reality…

Solo missions were not only the ones on the first floor; on the second floor, mouth-watering number of Xuanming points were stated on the bottom of every portrait on the huge Assassination Roll.

The least was hundreds of points while the higher-rewarding ones gave over thousands of points.

However…

Those were not what the current Ye Qingtang could complete.

Everyone on the Assassination Roll were extremely evil and violent. Furthermore, their skills surpassed everyone, and they had committed innumerable murders. Moreover, those people’s whereabouts were not fixed, and it was not an easy thing to locate them.

Such missions on the Assassination Roll were mostly accepted by the inner sect disciples, as the outer sect disciples simply were not powerful enough to deal with any one person on the Assassination Roll.

After searching for a long time, Ye Qingtang only saw one mission to kill a Level 4 demonic beast where the location was rather far, and the number of points awarded was barely a two-digit number.

When Ye Qingtang was about to calculate whether it was worth it or not, a figure suddenly appeared outside the entrance of the Rewards Pavilion.