Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

1403 Fuck You 2

The sparks of golden light looked like golden tongues of flame that devoured the black flames! DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Wails suddenly rang out from the black flames.

As more and more black flames were engulfed by the golden light, the Nether Fire Tribe guard’s figure suddenly fell from midair and crashed onto the ground.

There was a huge bang!

The guard who had attacked Ye Qingtang so ferociously was now lying on the ground in a pathetic state. His entire body was enshrouded in a halo that glittered with golden light. The halo seemed to be swallowing his flames bit by bit…

The Nether Fire Tribe Leader looked at the guard who had collapsed to the ground before him, and a look of shock flashed across his eyes. When he saw the golden halo that surrounded the guard’s body, an instinctive sense of aversion arose in his heart.

Ye Qingtang was seated on the Black Bone Throne. Her face was chilly. Her eyes had a trace of murderous intent as she swept a look at the eight tribe leaders who were still standing at the same spot.

The eight tribe leaders were shocked to see that not only had Ye Qingtang managed to counteract the guard’s Nether Sea and Flaming Sky move without lifting a finger, but she had even severely injured the guard. The icy figure standing before them suddenly merged with the lofty figure in their memories.

“Please Holy Lord, have mercy!” The Nether Fire Tribe Leader was the first to recover his wits. He hurriedly kneeled and begged for mercy.

Ye Qingtang narrowed her eyes maliciously as she looked at the Nether Fire Tribe Leader who was kneeling before her. Her hands resting on the arms of the throne were shaking slightly, but she hid them in her sleeves so that no one would notice.

F*ck you!

Ye Qingtang was so angry that she wanted to use the little white tiger’s pet phrase.

This Nether Fire Tribe Leader had definitely done this deliberately in order to test her identity.

If her powers had not been sufficiently great, she would have been unable to withstand the killing move just now.

Ye Qingtang had thought that she was finished. If she had not suddenly recalled a particular move recorded in the immortal method of cultivation in the one-star constellation that was used to counteract demonic powers, she would be dead by now.

In the immortal cultivation methods, the Golden Dragon Descending From Heaven move was the last resort for a cultivator who needed to suppress demonic forces to preserve his own life. The cultivator had to exhaust all his strength before he could use this move.

And this could only be used to counteract moves that were at most one realm apart. Once past the limit, the cultivator would definitely die. Furthermore… this move was only effective against evil beings.

Fortunately, everyone in the Temple of Shadows was from the Undead Clan, and the guard had used the extremely evil Nether Seas and Flaming Sky move. Otherwise… Ye Qingtang would have died even if she had used her move.

Ye Qingtang now wished she could tie up the eight tribe leaders and give them a severe beating. Of course, that was presuming she could beat them…

If she had not happened to discover the immortal method of cultivation in the one-star constellation and cultivated there for a long time, she would probably be dead by now.

But that move had spent all the immortal aura that Ye Qingtang had taken so long to cultivate… Further, she had only cultivated this immortal aura for a limited time, and so all the spirit energy in her body was exhausted as well…

With just one move…

If her opponent had not been engulfed by the immortal aura, all he had to do was come up and punch her, and she would die…

Ye Qingtang was both angry and frightened, but she maintained a look of chilly displeasure.

The eight tribe leaders did not know what Ye Qingtang was thinking, but when they saw how displeased she was, they all kneeled and asked for forgiveness.

The Nether Fire Tribe Leader was the most frightened. The golden light on the guard’s body had made him feel uncomfortable as if it had some kind of naturally oppressive force. One must understand that if even the extremely powerful Nether Fire Tribe Leader felt uncomfortable, it must have been much more frightening for the others in the Nether Fire Tribe.