Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

1408 Burnt City 1

The little azure dragon was speechless at the sight of Ling Yan, who grinned at the voice transmission stone that had been switched off by force.

“Ling Yan, the surrounding kingdoms have begun to stir yet you still have the mood to smile foolishly here?”

Ling Yan kept the voice transmission stone properly and smiled. “I’m in a good mood. Let me play with them then.”

“…”

Freaking ‘play with them’.

… Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Fen City was situated in the Central Dynasty, but it was an independent city. Thousands of years ago when powerful figures appeared in the Second Domain, Fen City was the first to be destroyed, and the entire city turned into a sea of fire after one move by a powerful figure from the Second Domain. The fire in the city blazed for seven days straight, and even tiles completely turned into ashes, much less any living beings.

Although Burnt City was rebuilt over the past years, the burnt land no longer had any vitality and remained charred.

Thus, the city’s original name was forgotten, and people referred to it as Burnt City now.

Compared to other cities, there were extremely few rules in Burnt City, and it could be said to be a land abandoned by the Central Dynasty. Any ploys and behaviors were allowed in Burnt City as long as one was skilled enough.

Ye Qingtang had heard of Burnt City in her previous life but had not been there before. After flying for over a day, she finally arrived.

There was no other color apart from black in that massive city. The land, city walls, and pavilions were pitch black, and the ground exuded a burnt smell that could be detected even before entering the city.

Although the endless fire that blazed for seven whole days had been put out for thousands of years, its trace on this piece of land was never erased.

There were no guards at the main entrance of Burnt City. Ye Qingtang entered swiftly with the little white tiger.

There were few streets in Burnt City, and different species of the Alien Clan were everywhere. From the Winged People to the Ox-Head People, there was a plethora of species here as though this place was the territory of the Alien Clan.

Usually, when members of the Alien Clan entered an important city of the kingdom, there would be a long examination if there were no records of the person. However, such a rule was absent in Burnt City. Moreover, the Alien Clan was forbidden from selling goods in many cities, but anyone could sell any items in Burnt City.

Even if it was the slave of another clan, it was not considered illegal.

“Make way.” A deep voice suddenly sounded above Ye Qingtang’s head. She looked up only to see a giant walking on the street in a crouched stance. With every step he took, he had to remind the tiny beings from other clans beneath him to move away.

A seemingly-intoxicated Winged man flew in circles in the sky and knocked into the giant’s head, almost crashing to the ground. Fortunately, that giant was rather kind and caught the Winged man.

Otherwise, there would be a splatter of flesh before Ye Qingtang.

As Ye Qingtang observed the view within Burnt City, she realized that there was a unique freedom in the chaos.

“May I ask where the auction house is?” Ye Qingtang bent down and asked a minion who was only at her calf.

The furry minion was seated in front of his stall that sold some medicines and alcohol. Upon hearing Ye Qingtang’s question, he pointed in a direction without looking up.

It was a tall building that was several feet tall, one that was especially eye-catching in Burnt City.