Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

1409 Burnt City 2

Ye Qingtang walked to that nameless auction house, which was merely a coal-black building with the auction timing labeled at the entrance. Many aliens and humans had already entered one after another.

Ye Qingtang entered with the little white tiger. The interior of the entire auction house was extremely spacious and divided into several areas. Sitting down at a spot in the corner, Ye Qingtang wondered what good items were there in this auction since Ling Yan specially told her to come here.

Time ticked by, and customers entered successively. In no time, the wide venue was quickly filled. However, the majority of people sat in the central area, and there were not many people in the corners such as the one that Ye Qingtang sat at.

As Ye Qingtang was figuring out the items being auctioned, a black shadow suddenly loomed over her. She turned around instinctively only to see a furry “wall”.

“Little brother, there’s no one here right?” A strong voice suddenly sounded above her head.

The moment Ye Qingtang heard that voice, she was completely stunned as though she was struck by lightning, and thus she completely did not notice that the person called her “little brother”.

This voice was too familiar.

Before Ye Qingtang replied, that furry “wall” had already settled into the seat beside Ye Qingtang.

His appearance was clearly visible only when he sat down.

He was a huge ape standing at over ten meters and was covered in a layer of glistening fur. Fortunately, this auction house was large enough; otherwise, he would be unable to squeeze in here with his height. Yet, even so, he still had to retract his neck, which made him appear a little squeezed.

“Sworn…” Ye Qingtang looked at the great ape beside her in disbelief as emotions stirred up within her. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The huge ape beside her was not anyone else but Beidou Demon Lord, who died in order to save her!!

Even though she was reborn, Ye Qingtang would never forget the scene where Beidou Demon Lord died right in front of her.

He could have stayed out of it and continued to live on, but he forsook his life for her.

Memories from her past life flashed by in Ye Qingtang’s mind. She was overwhelmed with emotions as she looked at the Beidou Demon Lord before her, who was evidently still in his youth.

“Mhm? Oh… Sorry, sorry. You’re not a little brother but a little lady… I’m sorry. You’re too tiny, and I didn’t see clearly just now.” The great ape apologized with a smile as he looked at the dazed Ye Qingtang.

Members of the Great Ape clan were shockingly tall and were even taller than Giants.

Beidou Demon Lord was currently in the youth stage and thus was only over ten meters tall. However, a few years from now, his height would increase rapidly until he reached hundreds of meters tall.

Even if he was in the youth stage, his height was already extremely astonishing.

Currently, Beidou Demon Lord was not yet famous and had not obtained the title of Beidou Demon Lord. Ye Qingtang came to the Central Mainland earlier than in her previous lifetime, and Beidou Demon Lord was much younger than that time.

Ye Qingtang returned from her senses. She almost said “sworn brother” out just now.

Ye Qingtang forced herself to calm down and smiled at Beidou Demon Lord. “It’s fine.”

Seeing that this young human girl did not seem to fear him, Beidou Demon Lord could not help but have a favorable impression of her.

It should be known that to the great apes, teenage girls of the human clan were extremely weak, and Beidou Demon Lord had already scared off many young ladies with his fierce appearance and huge body.