Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

1410 Burnt City 3

This young lady looked weak, but unexpectedly, she was rather bold.

As he thought, how scary could his appearance be?

Beidou Demon Lord’s huge frame was extremely eye-catching in the auction house. Luckily, he was seated at the corner. If he was seated in the center, he would probably be sworn at by the people behind him.

The guests and customers in the venue increased gradually, and almost the entire venue was filled. There was only some small space near Ye Qingtang and Beidou Demon Lord, perhaps because of Beidou Demon Lord’s size…

Beidou Demon Lord did not sense anything though. Seeing that there was still some time, he took a banana out from somewhere in his fur.

“Do you eat this?” Beidou Demon Lord took a banana and asked Ye Qingtang politely.

“Is this a frozen banana?” Ye Qingtang asked with a smile as she looked at the purple-skin banana in Beidou Demon Lord’s hand.

Frozen bananas were bananas grown in snowy areas, and they were the Beidou Demon Lord’s favorite.

“You know your stuff, young lady.” Beidou Demon Lord was slightly taken aback as he did not expect a young human girl to recognize a frozen banana. Many humans did not recognize this item, and most of those who saw the frozen banana for the first time believed that it was spoiled.

Ye Qingtang smiled. How could she forget Beidou Demon Lord’s favorite?

“Here, here, here. I just brought this frozen banana back from the mountains, and it’s very fresh. I even fought with yetis over these frozen bananas.” Beidou Demon Lord was in a good mood as it was rare for him to meet a friend who understood him. He gave Ye Qingtang a huge bunch of bananas and then picked out another bunch, which he tossed into his mouth without even removing the skin.

Looking at the huge bunch of frozen bananas in his arms, Ye Qingtang did not know whether to laugh or cry while the little white tiger tugged its lips in despise.

“Ape brother, are you here for any specific treasures?” Ye Qingtang started a conversation with Beidou Demon Lord while eating the frozen banana.

Beidou Demon Lord was outspoken and straightforward. If it was her other sworn brothers, she would not dare to get so close so abruptly.

“I heard that the Bone of the Dragon Breath will be in this auction, so I’m here to try my luck.” Beidou Demon Lord was still young; thus, he did not really exercise much caution against the outside world. However, in a few more years, Beidou Demon Lord would be much shrewder than anyone else.

“Bone of the Dragon Breath?” Ye Qingtang was slightly dumbfounded when she heard it.

In her previous life, she heard Beidou Demon Lord mention the Bone of the Dragon Breath before. It was a superior item for cultivation for the apes that could increase their skills greatly. However, it was extremely rare, and there were barely any pieces even in the Central Mainland.

In her past life, Beidou Demon Lord told her that he saw one Bone of the Dragon Breath before but did not have any fate with it and that it was his regret of a lifetime.

After Beidou Demon Lord died, Ye Qingtang searched for the Bone of the Dragon Breath for him and only obtained a small piece a hundred years later, which she buried in his grave.

Could it be… Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The Bone of the Dragon Breath which he said he missed actually appeared in this auction?

“Bone of the Dragon Breath? What a coincidence. Sister You, that great ape actually has his eyes on the same item as you.” A girlish voice could suddenly be heard from afar.

Ye Qingtang’s line of sight was pretty much blocked by Beidou Demon Lord. However, that voice was quite familiar; thus, she looked toward the direction of that voice through a gap.

A pretty girl was smiling at an aloof young lady beside her.

When Ye Qingtang saw the faces of those two ladies, her eyes squinted immediately.

It’s actually them!

Ye You, Ye Xun…