Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 145: Another Three Moves (3)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Zhou Qu’s large and strong frame fell on the ground with a heavy thud. The two successive kicks were all aimed at his brain.

Even for Zhou Qu, a fit and healthy person who was extremely able to withstand blows, he was already dizzy from the two kicks.

Even if his body was as hard as metal, it was impossible to cultivate until his head became as hard as steel!

Zhou Qu got up with difficulty, and the pain in his head intensified. Never would he have dreamt that Ye Qingtang was so swift in her attacks and that she had such a fierce force!

How was this level of skill what a new disciple who just entered the sect should have?!

At that instant, Zhou Qu only wanted to give the disciple who said that Ye Qingtang had a red spirit root a beating.

This was the skill of a bloody red spirit root?

Where the hell did this find a fifteen-year-old with a red spirit root who could hit him up so easily come from?!

If it was said that Zhou Qu was overflowing with confidence when he accepted Ye Qingtang’s request for sparring, then at that point in time, that confidence was long crushed into pieces by Ye Qingtang’s two kicks.

“Wait… wait a while…” Zhou Qu hurriedly said after sensing that something was not right.

It was a pity that Ye Qingtang did not intend on letting Zhou Qu off, just like… Zhou Qu never intended to let any new disciple on the arena off.

Zhou Qu wanted to make a slight adjustment, but Ye Qingtang appeared right before him once again.

“Junior Sister Ye, wait a while. I…” Zhou Qu frowned and said with a feigned discomfort. Just when he thought Ye Qingtang was attracted by his words, he fiercely punched at the nearing Ye Qingtang with a fist full of force.

However… Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

This punch did not touch Ye Qingtang at all.

The fist that Zhou Qu struck out was easily avoided by Ye Qingtang, who was beaming at him while holding onto his wrist tightly.

Zhou Qu’s expression changed drastically.

“Senior Brother Zhou, this will be the last move already.” A devilish grin emerged on Ye Qingtang’s beautiful face. She suddenly lifted another hand and placed it on Zhou Qu’s fist, locking them tightly. Using her elbow as support, she turned on her heel swiftly and pulled Zhou Qu by the wrist, throwing him over her shoulders and heavily onto the ground!

A loud bang, mixed with Zhou Qu’s miserable cry, reverberated throughout the first floor of the Rewards Pavilion.

This fall made Zhou Qu spit out blood immediately. It was as though the bones all over his body were crushed by someone so much so that he was too in pain to even have the energy to crawl up.

Three moves were over.

Rather than receiving three moves, Zhou Qu did not even have the ability to dodge them.

Ye Qingtang stood high and tall and cast a cold look down at Zhou Qu, who was sprawled on the floor, just like how Zhou Qu stood on the arena and hit her until she spat blood in her previous life.

Everything that happened in her previous life would not be the same again in this lifetime.

Ye Qingtang stepped on Zhou Qu’s chest, and an evil grin hung on the corner of her lips.

“Zhou Qu, are you even qualified to give me guidance with such little abilities?”

The pain was so excruciating that Zhou Qu felt dizzy. With blood flowing out from the corner of his mouth and his chest about to be ripped open from Ye Qingtang’s step on it, he did not even have any energy to speak.

After appreciating Zhou Qu’s miserable look, Ye Qingtang was about to turn and leave.

Yet, unexpectedly…

Just when she turned around and was prepared to leave the Rewards Pavilion, she suddenly found…

Two figures stood outside the main entrance of the Rewards Pavilion from god knows when.

It was a pair of young men who were taken aback. They looked in shock at Ye Qingtang who was radiating devilishness and Zhou Qu who was stepped under her foot.