Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

1475 Land of Infinite Demons 4

It was rare for Jiang Lang and his wife to return to the Jiang Family, but there was nothing special. Mo Yi has been recuperating and rarely left her room. Instead, to the great annoyance of Jiang Lang, those people in the Jiang Family who were convinced by Jiang Shun and Jiang Qin spread a lot of gossips.

In such situations, no one would be physically injured, but it was exasperating.

If it was any other day, Jiang Lang would have confronted them a long time ago. However, Mo Yi was not feeling well now, and he naturally prioritized his wife.

Jiang Xun came over frequently as barely anyone could deal with her temper but also so that she could help to nurse Mo Yi back to health.

As it got closer to the day to enter the Land of Infinite Demons, many people in the Jiang Family were itching to go.

The Land of Infinite Demons was dangerous, but it was a good place to toughen themselves up. Furthermore, the funerary objects that were buried together with the great demons were a temptation to anyone. The Jiang Family clan members were all thinking of how to follow the team to enter the Land of Infinite Demons right now.

However, Ye Qingtang and her parents did not have much interest in this excitement.

Yet, life never went as one wished. The more one did not care about it, the more abrupt its arrival.

“What? Let Tang Tang go to the Land of Infinite Demons?” Jiang Xun’s brows were furrowed tightly. Her gaze swept past the people in the hall and subsequently landed on that elderly in the top seat.

That elderly had aged features and white hair, but his demeanor was very steady. His naturally-fierce eyes had traces of his old age, but simply sitting there gave off a powerful oppressive force.

This elderly was Jiang Shun’s fifth great-uncle and the Domain Monarch’s fifth uncle, Jiang Shangyu.

“Since Ye Qingtang has acknowledged her ancestors, she is a part of the Jiang Family. She is lucky. She just returned, and fifth uncle is leading a team to the Land of Infinite Demons. We’re giving her a chance to toughen herself up, and we hope that she will treasure this chance.” Jiang Kai’s face had a smile as he stood beside Jiang Shangyu.

“Eldest brother, since when were you so generous?” Jiang Xun snickered.

“Jiang Qin, don’t be impudent in front of fifth uncle.” Jiang Kai shouted coldly. “So many people wish to go to the Land of Infinite Demons. How can I be harming her if I let her go? Furthermore, fifth uncle personally chose the people this time. Do you want to disobey fifth uncle?”

Jiang Xun gritted her teeth quietly.

Bullsh*t. What for Ye Qingtang’s sake? This Jiang Kai clearly wanted to stir up trouble. Jiang Xun was very aware of the relationship between Jiang Shangyu and Jiang Kai. Given Jiang Shangyu’s character, he would not bring Ye Qingtang, who just returned to the Jiang Family, into the Land of Infinite Demons. Jiang Kai must have done something.

Jiang Xun was clear about this fact, but Jiang Kai directly mentioned Jiang Shangyu now, and she could not say anything.

Jiang Shangyu was a clan senior that even the Domain Monarch had to show courtesy to.

Anyone who dared to go against him would be heavily punished.

“Fifth uncle, Tang Tang just returned to the Jiang Family and is still unclear of many things.” Jiang Xun tried her best to convince him.

Yet Jiang Shangyu was still emotionless.

Jiang Qin, from aside, stood up and said, “Aunt, fifth uncle is doing this for the sake of Ye Qingtang. Since she doesn’t know now, she will slowly know in the future. Tell her to come over and let her know of this matter so that she will be prepared and not act carelessly then.”

An evil scheme was hidden in Jiang Qin’s words. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

In no time, Ye Qingtang was called to the hall. Jiang Lang and Mo Yi were worried about their daughter and followed along.