Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 149: Affection

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

There was a pained look on Su Wan’s face.

As early as during the entrance assessment, Su Wan already crushed on the gentle Yun Shu, but she did not dare to take any action and could only look at him silently.

This was nothing much, but what made Su Wan conflicted was Ye Qingtang…

Since the entrance assessment, Ye Qingtang had been extremely close to Yun Shu, and now that they entered the sect, it could be said that Yun Shu and Ye Qingtang were always together. When they were listening to lessons, they would also sit together, and in the seldom occasions where he was not with Ye Qingtang, he was busy cultivating alone.

As a result, Su Wan never had the slightest chance of getting close to him even though she wanted to.

Instead, it was Ye Qingtang… who became even closer to Yun Shu.

All of this fell into Su Wan’s eyes.

“Senior Sister Liu… I… I have no choice as well… I’m afraid Senior Brother Yun doesn’t even know me,” Su Wan said rather bitterly.

The girl who was speaking to Su Wan was Liu Yue. Seeing Su Wan’s resignation to the situation, Liu Yue was even angrier.

“What choice do you not have? Others even gave up on their pride and clung onto him, and you’re still watching on like this? Senior Brother Yun is good-natured. How would he reject you if you went to him?” When Liu Yue said this, she intentionally or unintentionally looked at Ye Qingtang, who was reading.

Su Wan pursed her lips.

In reality, the intimacy between Ye Qingtang and Yun Shu was already widespread amongst the new disciples in the outer sect.

Everyone already could not imagine that Ye Qingtang passed the entrance assessment with a red spirit root. Moreover, the Ye family clan in Lin Town that she came from was not a renowned family clan. She was merely born with better looks, and such a person was simply useless in a sect.

Yet, Yun Shu so happened to be close to Ye Qingtang. Furthermore, Ye Qingtang gave the two additional bottles of Xi Spirit Pills that she won on the arena to Yun Shu previously, causing a number of new disciples to think that something was up.

They only felt that Ye Qingtang tried so hard to please Yun Shu because she took a fancy on the Liu Yun family clan behind his back.

Su Wan remained silent. Knowing that she could not say anything much, Liu Yue and Su Wan finally left after sitting for a while.

Only Ye Qingtang was left in the room alone. She sat at the corner of her bed and flipped through a book on Xuanling Sect’s basic swordplay. The little lightning dragon peered his head out from her embrace and lazed against her arms.

“Su Wan is actually interested in Senior Brother Yun?” Ye Qingtang raised her brows slightly. Although Su Wan and Liu Yue already lowered their volume intentionally while talking just now, Ye Qingtang still heard everything.

Ye Qingtang was simply too lazy to explain the rumor between her and Yun Shu.

Why was there a need to waste saliva in explaining things to people she did not care about?

It was a waste of time only.

However…

Ye Qingtang really did not expect Su Wan to be interested in Yun Shu and still thought that Su Wan had always been cold to her previously because she looked down on her spirit root. Unexpectedly, the problem was actually with Yun Shu. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

However…

Ye Qingtang’s brows were furrowed. In her previous life when she came to Xuanling Sect, Su Wan and Yun Shu were already in the sect long ago. However, at that time, Su Wan never over-interacted with Yun Shu and, rather, was extremely close to Lu Xiuwen. Rumors of them having a secret affair even spread throughout the outer sect.

How was it that in this lifetime…

Su Wan suddenly changed and took a fancy on Yun Shu and not Lu Xiuwen?

Ye Qingtang did not think much into it though; After pondering for a short moment, she put this matter down again.