Chapter 1481 All-Pervading Demonic Air 2

The Land of Infinite Demons was situated in a concealed area in the Central Mainland. That area was surrounded by mountains where the continuous cliffs went on forever, and there was no sight of the end.

The entrance to the Land of Infinite Demons was in between a steep canyon. Although there was a distance to the Land of Infinite Demons, there was already an all-pervading demonic air at the canyon. Withered grass filled the surroundings, and ordinary plants simply could not survive when blanketed with a strong demonic air.

In the canyon, corpses were aplenty and scattered among the rocks.

The Land of Infinite Demons was not just a place for exploration to the various human clans—even other alien clans like the demonic creatures and great demons would enter this place as well. Once anyone entered the Land of Infinite Demons boundary, life and death were no longer what one could control.

Over the millions of years, countless ghosts had died unjustly in the Land of Infinite Demons.

At the entrance to the Land of Infinite Demons, a thick fog enveloped the entire forest, and the visible areas of the seemingly-endless forest were very limited in the fog.

Everyone stood at the entrance, and before entering, a suffocating demonic air at the boundary of the Land of Infinite Demons diffused outward continuously. That demonic air was mixed with a bone-piercing chill, and one could not help but shudder as it was blown along with the wind.

Jiang Shangyu stood in front of everyone. As conceited as he was, he was also extremely cautious in the face of the Land of Infinite Demons. When his gaze passed by the entrance, he realized that there was an evident trace of wreckage in the forest at the entrance.

The big patch of grass seemed to be flattened by something, and the ground was in shambles. Decomposed flesh could be faintly seen under the fallen trees, and even the bones seemed to be stomped into shattered pieces as they were mashed together with the flesh.

The smell of decomposed flesh combined in the demonic air was nauseating.

“Fifth great-uncle, this is…” Jiang Shun had been to the Land of Infinite Demons before as well and sensed the abnormality of the entrance. He instinctively looked at Jiang Shangyu carefully.

“A month ago, the great demon of the Frosty Snow Mountains was near the end of its lifespan. Someone once saw it heading toward the Land of Infinite Demons. Looking at the situation, it should have entered the Land of Infinite Demons.” Jiang Shangyu scanned the haphazard ground.

When a great demon was about to die, it would instinctively head to the Land of Infinite Demons to lay down its life. No one knew why they had such a habit either; they only knew that great demons would definitely bring piles of treasures along with them to the Land of Infinite Demons.

The reason why the Jiang Family decided to enter the Land of Infinite Demons at this time was that it heard of this news.

“The great demon of the Frosty Snow Mountains… It’s actually at the end of its lifespan?” Jiang Qin was slightly stunned.

The Frosty Snow Mountains was rich in Snow Reishi Mushroom, a supreme-grade herb. However, that area was dominated by that great demon, and many family clans who wanted to pick the Snow Reishi Mushroom died in the hands of that great demon. Even when many family clans joined forces to invite skilled masters to kill it by offering a hefty reward, no one dared to take on the challenge.

It was rumored that that great demon could swallow millions of people at a time and that its metal body and bones could not be penetrated.

“That’s it.” Jiang Shangyu nodded lightly.

Everyone’s eyes lit up. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

“I wonder if that great demon entered the Forbidden Demon Area,” Jiang Shun said.

The Land of Infinite Demons was extremely dangerous, but there was another such forbidden area in the Land of Infinite Demons.

Known as the Forbidden Demon Area, if someone in the Land of Infinite Demons had a ten-percent chance of survival, it was a hopeless zone with zero chance of survival.