Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1484 The Mantis Stalks the Cicada, Unaware of the Oriole Behind 2

The two ancient clans were about equal in strength and numbers. The fight was intense, but after a long time, the men from the Southern Peak Clan slowly gained the upper hand. Many of the Cloud Valley Clan were injured, and this put them at a disadvantage.

“Elder Yun, too many of our men are injured. If we carry on fighting, we will be at a disadvantage.” A man from the Cloud Valley Clan said. He was soaked in blood, and he looked grim when he saw more and more of his clansmen fall.

Elder Yun’s expression also grew somber. They had been the first to discover the body of the large demon but had not expected to encounter the Southern Peak Clan here.

The Cloud Valley Clan had entered the Land of Infinite Demons first and had used up much of their energy before that. This put them at a disadvantage when they fought the Southern Peak Clan.

In the Land of Infinite Demons, the danger was not just the environment but also the other ancient clans with the same goals.

The skin and flesh of the large demon made excellent medicine. If they could take some and refine it, it could improve a cultivator’s foundation. Hence, neither ancient clan would abandon it lightly.

The situation looked bad, and the Cloud Valley Clan elder could not help but panic.

Many members of their Cloud Valley Clan had entered the place, but they had split up after a few days, giving the Southern Peak Clan an opportunity.

Dismayed, the Cloud Valley Clan Elder was determined to retreat. He secretly signaled to his clansmen and prepared to retreat in a particular direction.

But they retreated right into the Jiang Family’s hiding place. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

Just as the Cloud Valley Clan was prepared to turn and leave, they ran into Ye You and the others, who were secretly hiding there.

Ye You was not very powerful and had been hiding in a secret spot to watch. She had not expected the Cloud Valley Clan to suddenly retreat and did not even have time to hide.

Ye You stood where she was, with a frozen expression on her face, staring at the Cloud Valley Clan elder. It was an awkward situation.

Elder Yun looked at the hidden Ye You in shock. For the first time, he noticed the Jiang Family crest on Ye You’s chest.

Now that Ye You’s identity had been revealed, Jiang Shangyu saw that this was their chance, and he led the Jiang Family group from their hiding place.

Both the Cloud Valley Clan and the Southern Peak Clan looked conflicted when Jiang Shangyu and the rest appeared.

The Cloud Valley Clan had intended to retreat, but now…

They did not want to leave anymore.

The Southern Peak Clan looked extremely grim. They thought that the big demon was theirs once they had forced the Cloud Valley Clan to retreat. Who would have expected…

The Domain Monarch’s Jiang Clan to suddenly appear?

The two ancient clans were no fools. When they saw the Jiang Family emerge, they knew what was going on. The Jiang Family had probably been hiding there for a long time.

Ye You was the first to reveal her identity. Now, she secretly retreated behind Jiang Qin.

Jiang Shangyu had intended to emerge only after the Cloud Valley Clan left and then to swoop down on the big demon’s body before the Southern Peak Clan could recuperate. He had not expected… the plan to be brought forward.

“So it’s our friends from the Jiang Family. I suppose the Jiang Family is also here for the big demon?” Elder Yun from the Cloud Valley Clan suddenly said with a smile.

It was true that they were planning to leave, but now, the circumstances had changed.

The Jiang Family was here, which added another dimension to the fight for the big demon. No matter which of the three clans intended to seize the big demon, it first needed to defeat the other two families.