Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1514 The Forbidden Place of Infinite Demons 2

“...”

Ye Qingtang frowned slightly. She could sense something strange in the fog. The grey fog seemed to be mixed with many white and black clouds that appeared like cotton. However, there was no tangible feeling on touch; it was more like condensed smoke.

“There are some peculiar things in the fog. I’m afraid that your voice transmission stone cannot be used here.” The little white tiger lied in Ye Qingtang’s arms and moved its whiskers. Its nose was uncomfortable from the cold air in the fog.

Ye Qingtang was confused, but Ling Yan must have his reasons when he told her to enter the place.

While Ye Qingtang was pondering, she heard some voices and footsteps behind her.

They actually followed me here?

Ye Qingtang was surprised.

Before they came to the Land of Infinite Demons, Jiang Shangyu reminded them many times that no one could enter the forbidden land.

She had no choice, but those people...

Are they seeking death here?

They really want to have themselves killed.

Ye Qingtang did not want to stay at where she was. She increased her speed as she carried the little white tiger.

Ye Qingtang could feel something crawling below her feet, and the crawling sound constantly reached her ears. She looked downwards instinctively and saw countless hair-like black strings intertwined together. It looked like normal, dark ground at first glance, but at a closer look, the black strings were constantly crawling.

The black strings crawled between each other but avoided the area where Ye Qingtang was standing at. The strings stopped when she stepped down, but once she lifted her feet, the strings would start moving again.

Ye Qingtang did not know what the strings were. She instinctively wanted to get away from them and decided to jump into midair. However, she felt something cold brushing across her face when she was just one meter above the ground.

She looked up immediately. Millions of black strings were hanging down on top of her. They intertwined with each other and brushed across Ye Qingtang’s face like human hair. The strings crawled slightly as they were in contact with her face.

Ye Qingtang’s whole body was filled with goosebumps.

She instantly chose to remain on the ground as she could not see where the strings came from in the heavy fog.

The moment she landed on the ground, she heard some horrifying screams coming from a few meters away.

Ye Qingtang recognized this voice. It belonged to one of the disciples of the Jiang Family who followed Jiang Qin previously.

Before Ye Qingtang could figure out what was going on, a few figures rushed forward behind her miserably. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Ye Qingtang could see the situation clearly this time.

The disciples of the Jiang Family who chased her in order to kill her now ran forward with their eyes wide open. It was as if they had encountered ghosts as their faces were all pale. As they ran, the black strings on the ground appeared to be alive and crawled onto their legs.

They tried to run to get rid of the strings, but there were more strings crawling onto their bodies.

Ye Qingtang took a glimpse behind her and saw a disciple of the Jiang Family near the entrance, shouting desperately and trying to crawl forward on the ground.