Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1515 The Forbidden Place of Infinite Demons 3

That handsome face was now covered by countless black strings, which pierced through his skin from his temples and crawled under his skin to fill the entire face. Blood spurted out from his face.

Besides his face, all of his exposed skin was pierced through by the black strings. His entire body seemed distorted.

Large amounts of blood spurted out from the wounds, yet the black strings seemed to be excited by the blood and rushed into his body crazily.

Swoosh!

An ear-piercing sound suddenly rang out.

Ye Qingtang witnessed the man being skinned by the black strings. He stretched his hand out for help but to no avail.

A skinless, bloody man was dragged out onto the ground almost instantly and was totally buried by the black strings. A full piece of human skin was left behind together with the groans that were getting softer and softer.

After seeing a man being skinned alive, Ye Qingtang felt that it was colder in the surroundings.

Before Ye Qingtang could recover her senses, the black strings suddenly rushed towards the skin and filled up the entire skin...

Ye Qingtang decided not to stay here anymore. Though she did not know why the black strings did not attack her, at the moment...

It was better to leave this place now. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Ye Qingtang ran forward with the little white tiger in her arms. She constantly paid attention to the black strings under her feet to check whether they were going to attack her.

However, the black strings did not seem to be interested in her and did not move much.

Ye Qingtang could see some light in front of her, and she sped up and dashed out of the fog. The scene she saw right after shocked her deeply.

The disciples who managed to come out of the fog now lied on the ground. There were three bear-like monsters with distorted faces, and they bent their heads and dragged the internal organs out from the abdomens of those disciples.

The most terrifying fact was that those disciples were not dead yet. Their limbs were fractured, and bones were nailed onto the ground to restrict their movements.

They opened their eyes wide and witnessed their own organs being dragged out and eaten by the three monsters.

The pain and fear really drove them crazy.

“Bas... bastard... let go...” One of the disciples cursed in pain. But before he could finish his words, his jaw was crushed by one of the monsters. Blood flowed out, but he was still alive and could only bear with the torture that was worse than death.

One of the disciples from the Jiang Family seemed to escape from the torture by sheer luck. He shivered and fell to the ground, terrified by the hell-like scene in front of him.

Their ambition and greed were totally crushed by the constant torture now.

They should have known this...

The horror of the forbidden land did not just exist in the legends, yet... they still chose to ignore it.

It was impossible for them to escape anymore.

“Arhhh!!” The man who was not noticed by the three monsters by luck could not bear with what he saw anymore. He escaped into the fog in fear, trying to look for a way out.