Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1525 Lost 1

Though everyone almost vomited blood by Ye Qingtang’s unwilling look, they sighed in relief when she finally decided to lend a hand.Ye Qingtang did not want to waste time here. After the extortion, she put down the little white tiger and walked towards the waterfall. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The water under the waterfall was very clear. Ye Qingtang could see a stone filled with moss at the bottom just by standing at the side. That must be the boundary stone.

Ye Qingtang then jumped into the water. However she did not swim down directly; instead, she waved her arms and legs to splash the water out. It sounded like she was fighting with something.

People behind the waterfall could not see what was going on in the water and could only hear some fighting sounds. They heard from Ye Qingtang that this place had become a forbidden area, and now, they were really worried.

What if there are really some demons in the water?

The little girl’s ability is very limited...

Those powerful people were a little discontent after Ye Qingtang extorted them, but now they were all worried that their only savior would die in the water.

The little white tiger stared at the group of children jumping around by the boundary to try to see what was going on outside the waterfall. It shook its whiskers and saw Ye Qingtang waving her hands and legs calmly in the water.

‘Fake.’

‘Keep on faking it!’

Ye Qingtang greatly exploited the resources of these powerful people; however, if they felt that they were at a loss right now, they might find trouble with her one day in the future when they regained their power. Ye Qingtang could not take that.

That was the reason why she chose to act here.

The big demon’s blood on Ye Qingtang’s body dissolved into the water after a while. The clear water was dyed with red, and the big demon’s aura also dissolved in it.

The boundary cut off everything. Those powerful people did not know where the blood on her body came from.

Ye Qingtang acted for a while and then dived into the bottom to break the boundary stone.

The moment the boundary stone was broken, the boundary in front of the powerful people for more than ten thousand years finally disappeared.

After breathing in the fresh air, they rushed out of the waterfall.

When they came out, Ye Qingtang climbed out of the water in an “exhausted” way. Her whole body was wet, and her blood-stained clothes were ripped. She looked like she had just fought with some demons in the water.

They showed some complicated expressions on their faces as they saw how exhausted Ye Qingtang was. They suddenly felt nervous as they sensed the sheer strength of the big demon’s aura in the water.

There was really a big demon under the water?

Ye Qingtang captured everyone’s reactions. She used “all” her strength to stand up and looked at everyone in anger.

They were slightly guilty under Ye Qingtang’s gaze. They realized that the situation outside the waterfall was totally different from ten thousand years ago; the intense aura of the demon and the heavy fog were not there before. This proved that as explained earlier on by Ye Qingtang, this place was cursed by God and became a forbidden place.

“Who told me that it was safe in the water? If the big demon was not attracted by something else, I might have died in the water.” Ye Qingtang stared at everyone in rage. She looked like she suffered from some injustice.