Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1531 At Ease 4

Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Jiang Yu did not confirm Ye Qingtang’s identity just from the totem; he discovered the relationship between the three Demonic Bears and Ye Qingtang previously.

He then confirmed that Ye Qingtang had the Heavenly Demon Bloodline and was willing to acknowledge her identity.

Ye Qingtang nodded slightly. She then looked at the three charmingly naive Demonic Bears that were shaking their heads. Her eyes were filled with amusement.

She could sense that there were many demons staring at them in the dark. However, they seemed to be scared of the three Demonic Bears and did not dare to come out.

The forbidden land had been cursed by the god. Big demons were very intelligent and would not enter this place easily, so the three Demonic Bears should have been here even before the shrine was destroyed.

Soon, Ye Qingtang and the rest arrived outside the shrine. No one had entered the forbidden land since Jiang Yu destroyed the shrine out of anger back then, so the shrine still looked the same as when it was destroyed. The marks on the stones revealed the years of weathering caused by rain and sunlight.

Jiang Yu pointed at the original entrance of the shrine. Ye Qingtang then led the group of children over.

The door of the shrine was destroyed, leaving with a small gap one could still squeeze through. Luckily, Ye Qingtang was skinny, and the children could walk through at ease.

The three Demonic Bears were too big to enter, so they sat outside.

Jiang Yu had kneeled in the shrine for thousands of years and was very familiar with its structure. Though the shrine was destroyed, he could still navigate around for Ye Qingtang.

There was a tiny stream of spring water in the shrine that flowed into the palace basement to form a pool. Under the god’s aura, the pool contained the holy water.

They had to consume the holy water in order to break the Age Reversal curse on them.

“Jiang Yu, you didn’t destroy the pool of Holy Water as well when you destroyed the shrine, right?” You Qiong glanced at Jiang Yu.

“I don’t think so.” Jiang Yu was expressionless, but he was not too confident.

They walked for quite a while in the mess. After walking down the broken stairs, they finally saw the underground palace Jiang Yu talked about.

Many stones had fallen into the palace, but there were tiny streams in between the stones, following downwards.

“Is that the holy water?” You Qiong’s eyes sparkled.

The group of children finally saw hope. They used their tiny legs to slowly climb across the huge stones. They took some holy water cautiously by hand and drank down.

The moment the holy water entered their stomachs, the force of the curse that surrounded them suddenly disappeared.

After ten thousand years, the feeling of suppression finally disappeared. They almost cried out in joy.

Finally, they were not a group of children anymore!

Emperor Yan drank in a rush and choked on the water. As he was enjoying the delight of the broken curse, he swore and cursed the next second.

“Why is my power still not recovered? Where is my strong and durable body?” Emperor Yan’s tiny hands touched his soft body constantly as he was waiting for his body to suddenly grow in size into the majestic Domain Monarch of the Second Domain.

However, after he rubbed his body for a while, besides the soft stomach, there was no trace of muscle at all.