Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1535 Who Says I“m Not A Baby 4

Jiang Yu was used to their shameless behavior, but he still looked disapproving.

“Old Jiang, I have several bottles of superior elixirs here. Tang Tang will have to work hard carrying us, so these will be useful to improve her health.” Fu Xu was very astute and swiftly took out a few bottles of elixirs. He did not care whether Jiang Yu agreed; he simply stood on tiptoe and stuffed them into Ye Qingtang’s hand.

The others immediately brought out many elixirs from their space rings. They did not wait for Jiang Yu or Ye Qingtang’s consent and simply stuffed the elixirs into their hands.

Even if they had been somewhat displeased to be fleeced twice in rapid succession by Ye Qingtang and Jiang Yu, they were now practically begging to be fleeced and showed no signs of reluctance.

Sometimes, people were like that. They feel unhappy if they get fleeced, but if they themselves forced an unwilling party to accept something, they would feel like they got a good bargain.

Ye Qingtang fully understood this, so she used this method to bleed them.

Ye Qingtang was inwardly delighted when she looked at the pile of elixirs in her hand, but she continued to maintain a look of terror. “How can I...”

Jiang Yu saw that it was about time, so he said with pretended reluctance, “Alright, it will probably be difficult for them to leave this place otherwise. You’ll just have to work a little harder and bring them out one at a time.”

The two of them worked seamlessly and pretended to be extremely hesitant.

The rest of the powerful figures had nothing to say.

Only then did Ye Qingtang put the elixirs away. Although she continued to look reluctant, she was inwardly extremely happy.

One must know that the elixirs given by these powerful figures were superior elixirs from the Second Domain. None of equal quality could be found, even within Central Mainland.

She had gotten a bargain but still pretended to be coy. Ye Qingtang had certainly profited handsomely today.

After a round of discussion, everyone finally acted.

The Demonic Bears would not attack someone with the Heavenly Demon Bloodline, so Jiang Yu remained there to hold the fort while Ye Qingtang carried the powerful figures out through the thick fog.

The powerful figures were all terrified that Ye Qingtang would not be willing to carry them because there was a ten-thousand-year-old man within their bodies. They all tried to widen their eyes as much as possible and made an effort to present themselves as “innocent and adorable young children”.

All the powerful figures were physically small, so Ye Qingtang had no problem carrying two of them at a time. She temporarily left the little white tiger with Jiang Yu. As she stepped into the thick fog, she carried in each arm a powerful figure previously revered and feared but now petite and adorable.

The pairs of powerful figures were very cooperative. Along the way, they tried their best to act like small children despite their terror. They almost wanted to bite their fingers and act like fools.

Ye Qingtang had walked through the thick fog once, so she was now familiar with the way. The crawling sound from the black strings could be heard all around. When the powerful cultivators heard it, they broke out in goosebumps.

Ten thousand years ago, they would not need to act so cautiously; any one of them could have broken through this barrier.

When Emperor Yan was carried out, his little face turned dark red. He did not even dare to look up at Ye Qingtang.

Embarrassing, this is just too embarrassing!

A junior was carrying him out of here as if he was an infant!

If news of this got out, he would be too embarrassed to face anyone. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Ahem, don’t worry. Once I get back to the Second Domain, I won’t forget your hard work.” Emperor Yan suddenly spoke.

“Oh... are you from the Second Domain?” Ye Qingtang looked puzzled, as if completely unaware of Emperor Yan’s identity.

Emperor Yan was delighted to hear this.

“Well, sort of, haha...”

Thank goodness she doesn’t recognize me!