Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1538 Clinging On 3

You Qiong, who had been clinging onto Ye Qingtang, glanced downwards, and his expression immediately darkened.

He was just about to go to the Jiang Family, but now, there was a fight between the Ancient You Clan and the Jiang Family... What was going on? Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Jiang Yu had never met Jiang Qi, but he frowned when he saw that this youth was unusually powerful and wore the Jiang Family robes.

Jiang Qi’s abilities were considered outstanding within his generation. But he was now dealing with two elders from the Ancient You Clan. Also, the Ancient You Clan’s powers had grown greatly after obtaining the Spiritual Abode. He was being forced into a hopeless situation.

Even so, his handsome face showed no signs of panic. He only frowned slightly and looked solemn.

When Ye Qingtang, who was in the void, saw that Jiang Qi was trapped, her expression changed. If it had been anyone else from the Jiang Family, she would have left. But in her previous life, Jiang Qi had given her a chance, and Ye Qingtang had remembered the favor.

However...

The two elders from the Ancient You Clan were truly powerful. If Ye Qingtang opposed them directly, she would certainly be no match for them.

At that point, Ye Qingtang suddenly remembered there were a few teleportation talismans among the treasures she had obtained from the old people. As she studied the situation, a plan suddenly formed in her mind.

Below the void, Jiang Qi looked grim. Although he was unusually talented, he was still young. He could not possibly compare to these two elders from the Ancient You Clan.

“Jiang Qi, hand the Soul Sucking Jade over, and we’ll give you an easy death.” An elder from the Ancient You Clan laughed coldly.

They had been hunting for treasure in the big demon’s palace when the Jiang Family chanced upon the Soul Sucking Jade, which had been lost for a long time. The Soul Sucking Jade was an extremely valuable Dharma treasure.

When the Jiang Family found it, they hid it without a word. Then, they made the most powerful youth, Jiang Qi, leave first, secretly carrying this item.

But the Ancient You Clan had detected the aura from the Soul Sucking Jade. The two elders had tailed him, chased after him, and prepared to seize the Soul Sucking Jade.

“Dream on.” Jiang Qi looked coldly at the two ancient clan elders. These two were not outstanding among the dozens of elders in the Ancient You Clan. In the past, Jiang Qi might have been able to escape if he fought hard.

But with the help of the Spiritual Abode, the powers of these elders had grown rapidly. Either one of them could capture Jiang Qi, not to mention that there were two of them.

“You have a death wish. Since you want to die, we will fulfill your wish.” An ancient clan elder laughed coldly. He stepped forward, preparing to kill Jiang Qi.

A cold light flashed across Jiang Qi’s eyes. He knew that danger was imminent and that there was no way he could avoid it.

But just as the ancient clan elder was about to strike, a streak of fire suddenly fell from the sky together with a billow of thick smoke. The wave of heat blocked the ancient clan elder’s vision.

Amidst the smoke, Jiang Qi felt a small hand catch hold of his wrist.

“Let’s go!”

The soft and delicate voice startled Jiang Qi.

But before Jiang Qi could recover his wits, his body flickered. By the time he regained his footing, the scene before him had changed. He was in a completely different place.

Only then did Jiang Qi turn to look at the little hand that had pulled him along.

He was shocked by what he saw.

The hand holding his wrist was really “small”. It looked like the hand of a two-year-old child.

“Don’t worry, they probably won’t be able to catch up for a while.”