Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1540 Distorting The Truth 2

“Tang Tang is young and has never entered the Land of Infinite Demons. How would she dare to enter the forbidden area on her own? If you all did not push her to a corner and leave her with no other routes left, why would she enter a place that means absolute death!” Jiang Xun turned pale from anger at Jiang Qin’s ability to distort the truth.

“Ye Qingtang has been wandering outside since young with no one to discipline her and acts lawlessly. She just returned to the Jiang Family yet stirred up so much trouble. Father may not believe my words, but the fifth great-uncle’s words are believable.” Afterward, Jiang Qin looked straight at Jiang Shangyu and spoke. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Please do me justice, fifth great-uncle.”

Jiang Shangyu looked up at the Domain Monarch and said, “The truth is as Qin said. Ye Qingtang is extremely mischievous and simply refused to be disciplined. So be it if she threw her life away, but she implicated numerous people from the Jiang Family. This girl is insane and insolent, and this is also caused by the poor teachings of Jiang Lang and his wife.”

Jiang Xun’s chest constricted in pain from the fury. Jiang Shangyu was the one who wanted Ye Qingtang to go to the Land of Infinite Demons back then; now that an accident happened, all the blame was pushed to Ye Qingtang and her parents.

It was unknown whether Ye Qingtang was alive now, but they still wanted to drag Jiang Lang and his wife down!

The Domain Monarch had an ugly expression. The Jiang Family’s loss from this expedition to the Land of Infinite Demons was far from imagined, and it was still regrettable even though they brought back many Dharma treasures.

Elder Xu’s expression did not look too well either.

The cabinet elder seated beside the Domain Monarch frowned slightly.

The cabinet elder did have some plans for Ye Qingtang, who possessed the Mutated Heavenly Demon Bloodline. He originally wanted to see if there was still a possibility to train her using this Land of Infinite Demons expedition, yet unexpectedly, she entered the forbidden area.

The forbidden area was extremely perilous, and naturally, no one would believe that Ye Qingtang could still make it out alive.

The cabinet elder could not help but sigh at that thought.

Ultimately, the first ten-plus years of her life were wasted outside, and she missed the best time to train. It was truly Jiang Family’s loss to lose such a Mutated Heavenly Demon Bloodline.

He originally thought that if Ye Qingtang safely returned from the Land of Infinite Demons and performed well, she could attempt the Elder Cabinet trial. If she passed, perhaps she could be accepted into the Elder Cabinet and be trained there.

Yet ultimately, it did not go as planned.

“Where is Jiang Qi?” Although the cabinet elder had regrets, he was more or less prepared. Compared to Ye Qingtang who grew up outside, he was more concerned about Jiang Qi, who trained in the Elder Cabinet since young.

Jiang Qi did not return together with them as well this time.

“Jiang Qi left with the Soul Sucking Jade ahead of us. I believe he will return in no time,” Jiang Shun said.

The cabinet elder nodded slightly.

Meanwhile, Jiang Xun looked like she wanted to kill Jiang Qin.

Yet, Jiang Qin had a fearless expression. Although there was an accident, Ye Qingtang was already dead, and no one would be able to disturb You-er now.

Currently, Jiang Shun, Jiang Shangyu, and the others testified the same thing, and even if Jiang Xun could speak very well, she had insufficient evidence and could not do anything about them.

Just as Jiang Qin was gloating secretly, Jiang Lang and his wife came to the main hall after hearing from somewhere that the group that went to the Land of Infinite Demons had returned. However, after they searched everywhere, Ye Qingtang was nowhere to be seen; on top of that, they even heard Jiang Qin’s slandering of Ye Qingtang from the servants.

Jiang Lang rushed to the hall immediately.

“Jiang Qin, I knew that you were up to no good!” Jiang Lang stood in an aggressive manner, wishing he could hack Jiang Qin with one shot.

“Jiang Lang, do not make a scene,” said the Domain Monarch in a deep voice as he furrowed his brows slightly.