Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1543 I Am The Evidence 2

In addition, Jiang Shangyu pointed out Ye Qingtang’s undisciplined behavior earlier on. The current clues were disadvantageous to her.

Everyone’s eyes were fixed on Ye Qingtang, and even the cabinet elders looked at her with a rather complicated expression.

“Greetings, Domain Monarch and all elders.” Suddenly, Jiang Qi walked in slowly from the courtyard. His complexion was slightly pale, and he was clearly not in a good condition. Following behind him were two two-or three-year-old toddlers, who walked in while shaking their heads. One of them had his hands behind his back like an elderly while the other had a serious expression that seemed like that of dissatisfaction.

“Jiang Qi, you’re back.” A smile fleeted across the cabinet elder’s eyes when he saw Jiang Qi.

However, everyone at the scene had a strange look when they noticed the two strange little fellows behind him.

Where did these two toddlers pop out from?

“Jiang Qi, these two are?” The Domain Monarch asked.

“...” Jiang Qi did not know how to reply either. He came back with Ye Qingtang but knew nothing about these two kids.

However, before Jiang Qi spoke, that toddler with a serious expression suddenly walked forward. The serious expression on his young and soft face made one want to laugh no matter how they looked at him.

He looked around his surroundings. He heard Jiang Qin’s slanders of Ye Qingtang when he walked in just now, and his face darkened immediately. Speaking in an imposing manner with his childish tone, he said, “You wanted evidence just now. I am the evidence.”

“What?” Jiang Qin was baffled by the toddler who appeared suddenly.

What does he mean by ‘I am the evidence’?

“Jiang Qi, who are these two people?” The elder cabinet asked.

“I don’t know either. When I saw them, they were already with Ye Qingtang.” Jiang Qi replied honestly.

Everyone’s expression turned serious immediately.

Ye Qingtang’s matter had not even been cleared up, yet she even brought two unknown children back?

“They’re probably the illegitimate children of a certain shameless person,” Jiang Qin said with a chuckle.

However, the moment she said that, the toddler at the front had a dark expression, and he cast Jiang Qin a cold look. “Insolent. Who do you think you are? How dare you slander me?”

Ye Qingtang silently lit an incense stick for Jiang Qin, who courted death.

Completely unaware of the disaster befalling her, Jiang Qin still had a fearless attitude as she ignored the toddler’s scolding and simply looked at the Domain Monarch. “Father, Ye Qingtang is suspected of killing her fellow clan members, yet she even brought these two dirty illegitimate children back today. If she is allowed to cause trouble in the Jiang Family, the Jiang Family will really end up in a disaster.”

‘Illegitimate child one’ You Qiong’s lips twitched.

You are the dirty one! You are the illegitimate child!

‘Illegitimate child two’ Jiang Yu’s face darkened to the extreme. “Jiang Duantian, so this is the Jiang Family member that you brought up!”

Everyone was stunned by Jiang Yu’s words. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Jiang Duantian was the name of the Domain Monarch. Even seniors like Jiang Shangyu never called it since Jiang Duantian became the Domain Monarch.

Even the Domain Monarch was stunned for a moment.

“How bold of you! Who do you think you are? How dare you call the Domain Monarch’s full name! Ye Qingtang, this is an illegitimate child that you brought back!” Jiang Qin shouted coldly.

“Who do I think I am?” Jiang Yu’s lips curled up into a sneer, and he subsequently took out the golden seal that symbolized the Domain Monarch, which he slammed before Jiang Qin.