Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1551 Jade Pendant 1

“Martial Arts Championship?” Ye Qingtang had not heard about it.

“The Martial Arts Championship is a gathering of the greatest clans in Central Mainland. The most talented among the younger generation of each clan will all attend. During the Championship, the top ten participants will enter a mystical abyss. It has been said that the mystic realm is very strange. Everyone who enters emerges as a force to be reckoned with...” Jiang Xun slowly explained the Martial Arts Championship to Ye Qingtang.

Ye Qingtang’s previous life was hard. She seldom had any peace when she was in Central Mainland and was endlessly hunted. It was no wonder she had not heard about this gathering of the greatest clans.

As for the mystical abyss, Jiang Xun and the others had heard about it and knew it must contain something very powerful, perhaps a wonderful opportunity.

“Many years ago, when I was young, I was unable to enter in the Martial Arts Championship and was only a bystander. But I remember that that Martial Arts Championship was unusually tragic. I think the champion was a young girl from a hidden clan in the Central Dynasty...” Jiang Lang was filled with nostalgia when he recalled the Martial Arts Championship he had witnessed dozens of years ago.

“Are you talking about Jiu Yuan?” Mo Yi asked.

“Oh, do you know her?” Jiang Lang was not yet married to Mo Yi at that time, and he wondered how Mo Yi knew this person. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Mo Yi laughed softly. “Of course I know her. But she’s not from some hidden clan as you say. My clan had already noticed her before the Martial Arts Championship. She did not seem to be from any clan and merely pretended to be from a hidden clan. Her powers were truly terrifying. But strange to say, she appeared in the Central Dynasty out of thin air...”

The couple clearly remembered the outstanding members of their generation.

“If you had not mentioned her, I would have forgotten that I still have a picture of her,” Mo Yi suddenly said. When Jiu Yuan appeared at the Martial Arts Championship, she had fully displayed her talents and cowed everyone else. Someone from the Ancient Dynasty had been secretly present. Jiu Yuan’s poise had made a deep impression on this person, and he had even drawn many pictures of Jiu Yuan. At that time, Mo Yi’s clan had given her a copy and begged her to find Jiu Yuan.

This was really interesting. Mo Yi took a dust-covered drawing from her space ring.

Mo Yi had not paid much attention to the drawing when she first received it. She simply tossed it into her space ring without even glancing at it.

“I heard that the girl vanished after she emerged from the mystical abyss?” Jiang Xun had heard something about this.

Without a second thought, Mo Yi opened the scroll, and they looked at it together.

A vivid picture of a girl was drawn on the scroll. Most of her face was covered by a veil, and she wore red robes and stood serenely in the midst of a fierce gale. Her smiling eyes seemed to pierce their souls.

Jiang Lang and Mo Yi had casually mentioned her and were just taking a look.

But when Ye Qingtang looked at the scroll and glanced at the girl’s neck, she was completely shaken.

This Ancient Dynasty person had deeply admired the girl in the picture, and every detail was perfectly and exquisitely represented. The girl could clearly be seen to be wearing an exquisite jade pendant around her neck.

When Ye Qingtang looked at the jade pendant, she felt her head begin to buzz.

The jade pendant was identical to the one that her birth mother had left her!