Chapter 1553 Jade Pendant 3

Within the Jiang Family, Ye You, Jiang Shun, and the rest were infuriated that Ye Qingtang was going to Taiyuan Valley with Jiang Yu. They did not know that Ye Qingtang had the mutated Heavenly Demon Bloodline, so they were outraged that Ye Qingtang could enter the Elder Cabinet with her age and cultivation realm. However, the Domain Monarch Founder had personally granted her permission and would teach her himself. Ye You was consumed with jealousy but had no choice but to accept it.

Ye Qingtang also brought the little white tiger along to Taiyuan Valley.

But one person among the group stood out.

In the carriage, Jiang Yu looked at the utterly shameless You Qiong, who was sitting opposite him. He itched to kill him with one blow.

You Qiong had followed him to the Jiang house and was unaware of any friction he had caused. At first, the Jiang Family members had been curious about You Qiong’s identity. Of course, Jiang Yu could not say that he was the legendary Elder You Qiong of the Ancient You Clan. However, before he could find a cover story for You Qiong, he had given himself an identity.

“I am your Domain Monarch Founder’s loyal friend.”

Jiang Yu almost ordered him to be driven out.

What loyal friend?

“We almost died in the forbidden land of the Land of Infinite Demons. Doesn’t that count as being friends through weal and woe?” You Qiong responded shamelessly.

Jiang Yu might be furious with him, but he had no choice but to bring him along. After all, he did not dare to leave You Qiong alone in the Jiang house.

Ye Qingtang sat in the other carriage with the little white tiger and Jiang Qi.

Jiang Qi’s injuries had mostly healed. He had returned to the Jiang house previously because they needed to go to the Land of Infinite Demons. Now that the matter had been concluded, he needed to get back to Taiyuan Valley.

Jiang Qi was usually silent. He did not utter a single word while he traveled with Ye Qingtang in the same carriage. He was like a sealed book.

Ye Qingtang’s emotions were in turmoil because she had obtained a clue about her mother. She was thinking about how she could increase her powers as quickly as possible in order to participate in the Martial Arts Championship in half a year’s time, and enter the mystical abyss to investigate.

She had a strange premonition that she might be able to find clues about her mother in the mystical abyss.

After an exhausting half a month of traveling, they arrived at Taiyuan Valley.

Taiyuan Valley was the sacred cultivation ground of the Jiang Family. Later, when the Elder Cabinet was established, it became the place where the Elder Cabinet trained the Jiang Family’s top talents.

The Inner Sect Elder alighted from the carriage first and exchanged a few words with the guard outside the valley. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Then, the carriage entered Taiyuan Valley.

The interior of Taiyuan Valley was extremely spacious. It was even the same size as the Falling Sky Valley, where Ye Qingtang stayed in the First Mainland. Though Taiyuan Valley was large, only the Jiang Family lived there, unlike Falling Sky Valley where there were many disciples. Also, only the most talented members of the Jiang Family were in Taiyuan Valley, so it looked even more spacious.

The valley was cloaked in mist, and little streams flowed through it.

The moment Ye Qingtang stepped into Taiyuan Valley, she sensed its rich spirit energy.

Jiang Yu had just returned, and the Inner Sect Elder needed to bring him to make his preparations.

Ye Qingtang was handed over to Jiang Qi to familiarize her with the valley.

Jiang Qi was a man of few words. He brought Ye Qingtang around the valley and explained everything in a nutshell. He did not do it perfunctorily, but he was very concise.

Just as Jiang Qi was about to bring Ye Qingtang to her living quarters, the sounds of fighting rang out from the mountain stream.

Ye Qingtang looked in the direction of the noise. Numerous shadowy dragon forms suddenly rose from the stream. Many giant dragons that formed from Qi Condensation roared deafeningly together with the dragons above the stream. Light and shadow interlaced, and the strong aftershock rippled through the surroundings. Even Ye Qingtang, who was standing some distance away, sensed the power of the whirlwind created by the impact.