Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

1573 Cultivation 1

The youths of the Jiang Family had not gotten over their excitement about the Domain Monarch Founder’s return, yet the Domain Monarch Founder had left already. While they were very surprised about the Domain Monarch Founder’s child form, they did not think much about it and simply thought that the Domain Monarch Founder’s powers were boundless and that he learned a special technique to return to his youth.

Elder Qian and the rest saw that there were no other options and could only instruct everyone to continue with their cultivation. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Meanwhile, Ye Qingtang sighed softly and returned to her room, where she practiced the four sets of techniques Jiang Yu taught her.

Those techniques may look simple, but mastering them was not an easy thing to do.

Just the finger technique itself took Ye Qingtang an entire afternoon. Nonetheless, her finger pointing was still weak and had no imposing air at all.

Ye Qingtang was not anxious though as she was aware that this foundational technique could not be achieved in a day and had to be practiced diligently.

For two whole days, Ye Qingtang had been figuring out the method to master this finger technique and repeatedly cultivated the same technique. Despite her efforts, there were no signs of impatience on her face. If she was exhausted, she would sit on the ground to cultivate before continuing with the technique once she recovered slightly.

Becoming a powerful figure was never easy. What Ye Qingtang had more than others was nothing but the willpower she sharpened over three hundred years.

Knowing that it was beneficial to her, she could continue to practice no matter how difficult and mundane the process was.

After two sleepless days, Ye Qingtang was finally much more familiar with the finger technique. Although not as imposing as Jiang Yu, her finger pointing could now cause a gentle breeze to blow around her finger, and her finger had much more power than before.

The little white tiger was sprawled on the bed as it fell into a trance while watching Ye Qingtang repeating the same thing over and over again as though she never got tired.

If not for Elder Qian summoning Ye Qingtang, she could probably still cultivate in the room alone for half a month and remain oblivious to fatigue and hunger.

“Elder Qian.” Ye Qingtang greeted him respectfully when she arrived at Elder Qian’s living quarters.

Elder Qian glanced at Ye Qingtang with a rather complicated expression and sighed in his heart.

Ye Qingtang was originally brought into the Elder Cabinet by the Domain Monarch Founder, who also intended to personally teach her. However, Xie Wushang’s arrival two days ago messed up this plan.

The Domain Monarch Founder was nowhere to be found in the past two days, and it seemed that he would be unable to return anytime soon.

With his departure, Ye Qingtang, who had just entered Taiyuan Valley, was now all alone.

If she had outstanding talent coupled with her Mutated Heavenly Demon Bloodline, she would definitely be a talented junior valued by all. However, she seemed rather weak and worthless.

Nevertheless, she ultimately had the Jiang Family bloodline, and since she had already entered Taiyuan Valley, there was no such thing as casting her aside.

After a discussion among the cabinet elders, it was decided that Elder Qian, who returned together with Ye Qingtang, would take over the Domain Monarch Founder’s job in guiding Ye Qingtang through the foundation martial techniques of the Jiang Family.

Elder Qian did not think much about teaching Ye Qingtang. Thinking that the Domain Monarch Founder left Taiyuan Valley not long after he returned, Elder Qian came to the conclusion that the founder must have not taught Ye Qingtang any martial techniques. Then, Elder Qian glanced at Ye Qingtang and spoke.

“You have entered Taiyuan Valley and should learn the martial techniques of the Jiang Family. However, you do not have a solid foundation and still need to rebuild it. The Jiang Family has a total of four types of foundational techniques. I will teach you the finger technique first today. Remember it by heart and cultivate diligently when you return. I will teach you other things next time.”

Although he knew that Ye Qingtang’s talent was mediocre, Elder Qian was still a rather responsible person.