Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 159: Giant Rock Canyon (2)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

The Giant Rock Canyon was far away, and everyone was experienced. There was not much talking on the journey, though Gu Yanqiu would occasionally stop to verify their coordinates and then continue the journey.

Ye Qingtang was at the tail of the team, and she looked at Gu Yanqiu at the most front with admiration.

It was not illogical for Gu Yanqiu to be able to achieve such a high position in the future. The team that followed him only had to listen to arrangements, and everything would be fully right.

Everyone did not really interact throughout the journey, as they rode at top speed, grasping every minute and second. In the sect, every disciple placed extreme importance on cultivation and would naturally be unwilling to spend time on journeys.

Gu Yanqiu was previously worried that Ye Qingtang would not be able to withstand the treacherous journey since she was a junior disciple, a female, and the youngest in the team.

However, in the times that he looked back to check on Ye Qingtang, he realized that…

This junior sister’s condition was far more stable than he imagined. After hitting the road through days and nights, there was neither a slight trace of fatigue nor teenage girls’ pretentious act on Ye Qingtang’s face as though there was no difference between her and the rest of the disciples in the team.

To this, Gu Yanqiu could not help but be in more approval of her.

Gu Yanqiu had recruited skilled junior and senior sisters to participate in missions previously as well, but in those episodes, he was rather annoyed by the problems that arose.

Females’ physical strength was a little weaker than that of males, and most were not used to such a hurried journey. Sometimes, Gu Yanqiu had no choice but to slow down to give in to them, causing the time taken to complete the mission to be prolonged.

Eventually, Gu Yanqiu no longer formed teams with female disciples.

Ye Qingtang’s performance really surprised him to a certain extent. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

Other teammates who shared the same worry put down some of their views against her upon seeing Ye Qingtang’s condition as well.

At least, this little junior sister was not finicky.

Six days later, the team finally arrived near the Giant Rock Canyon.

Between the hills, a canyon formed from overlapping giant rocks, as though it was a crack in the ground, appeared before everyone’s eyes

Before they arrived at the Giant Rock Canyon, everyone had already felt the heatwave from the canyon sweeping towards them along with the wind.

The Giant Rock Canyon was originally a volcano. Hundreds of years ago, a mighty figure cultivated a profound skill where he split the volcano and froze the lava, forming the current state of the canyon.

Although the volcano was gone today, under the layers of rock, magma still flowed beneath the ground, resulting in the extremely high temperature in the entire canyon. Even the tip of the cliffs were all burnt into a dark, red shade.

There was barely a single soul near the Giant Rock Canyon, as no one could live in high temperatures for long. Instead, many demonic beasts with fire natures were attracted to settle in there. Hunters came here occasionally, though the chances of winning were only fifty percent. While some returned fully loaded, some lost their lives there. In the Giant Rock Canyon, it was not difficult to see some remains of those killed by demonic beasts scattered miserably between the rocks.

Before entering the Giant Rock Canyon, Gu Yanqiu made everyone take a short break.

“Later, we will enter the Giant Rock Canyon directly. The temperature in the canyon is extremely high. Once we enter the canyon, everyone should direct your energy on your own and isolate the heat from your body. This hunting mission can continue for a maximum of only three days. If we exceed the time, the flame toxin in the Giant Rock Canyon’s air will injure us. Thus, we must find the Giant Lizard’s lair and kill it in the shortest time possible.”