Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1602: Kingdom Knights (2)

Also...

The God of Nature was floating behind her. He had stopped Ye Qingtang when she was about to strike the Supreme League Kingdom people in that city. If Ye Qingtang guessed correctly, the God of Nature did not approve of her attacking the people in this kingdom.

She did not want to fail her mission because of a few inconsequential people.

The spirit energy in this world was not very rich. If Ye Qingtang cultivated here, it would not have any great effect. Her cultivation speed would be about the same as that in the Gong Valley of Taiyuan Valley, but a little slower.

What Ye Qingtang really wanted was to exchange the points gained in the one-star constellation for a reward that could increase her powers.

Ye Qingtang did not waste any time. After returning to her room, she immediately sat cross-legged to cultivate. She would grasp every single chance to improve her abilities.

The roaring sounds from the battlefield were carried by the wind into the fortress. As the minutes ticked by, Ye Qingtang sensed the energy in her body changing. Although the change was slow, it was a unique sensation.

Ye Qingtang vaguely sensed that in the world of constellations, not only could she use the spirit energy in the various worlds to speed up her cultivation, but the energy in her body seemed to become richer while she was cultivating.

Although it was not a tremendous change, it caused a continuous qualitative transformation.

If the qualitative transformation of the energy in her body reached a certain stage, even if she was only at the First Heaven of the Heavenly Venerate realm, she could easily beat opponents who were in a higher cultivation realm.

Ye Qingtang herself was unsure when this qualitative transformation would reach that stage.

Day sank into night. The intense battle only ended late at night. The soldiers who had fought hard to press back the enemy now returned to the fortress. The Kingdom Knights who had been fighting hard all day also returned.

After a day of intense battle, they were even more irritated with Ye Qingtang, who had somehow become a Kingdom Knight for no reason.

Their titles were hard-won, obtained by fighting one battle after another.

But it was different for her.

In the following days, the allied forces attacked continually. As one battle followed another, the King seemed to have completely forgotten about Ye Qingtang’s existence. He did not issue any orders for her to join the battle.

All this made the Kingdom Knights even unhappier about Ye Qingtang.

While they were putting their lives on the line to fight the enemy, this girl was resting safely behind the fortress walls, enjoying their protection. But her title was the same as theirs!

“I’m fed up with that parasite. What does she do besides stay in her room and enjoy the privileges of being a Kingdom Knight? Even the grooms in the stable are more useful than her!”

A few discontented Kingdom Knights charged towards Ye Qingtang’s room.

After a few days of tempering, the energy in Ye Qingtang’s body had become even richer.

The spirit energy in the two-star constellation world was about the same as that of the one-star constellation, but it was many times better at tempering her inner energy!

Ye Qingtang was delighted by this discovery.

Before Ye Qingtang could calm down from this discovery, someone violently kicked her room door open. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

The Kingdom Knights, whom Ye Qingtang had met in the great hall, appeared at her door. The few who had mocked her were all present. At that moment, their eyes were filled with undisguised hatred.