Playvolume00:00/00:00
Truvid
fullScreen

Chapter 1613: Monster (1)

After the order was given, a dozen women in black cloaks emerged from among the troops. They were the black witches who had been gathered by the various countries. They possessed terrifying dark arts, and their sole role in this battle was to destroy the enemy.

For a while, the black witches bowed their heads and chanted an incomprehensible incantation. Large patches of dark clouds slowly gathered in the sky above them.

Thunder rumbled loudly as if the earth and sky were about to split.

Joseph and the others on the fortress wall saw the thunderclouds slowly gather. Then, they looked at the black witches, who were chanting their spells. They could not help but hang grave expressions on their faces.

“The allied forces have really mobilized the black witches...”

The black witches were an abomination. They obtained powerful dark arts from the devil in exchange for their souls. Once, everyone had tried to destroy them, but now, they were a trump card in the allied forces’ hands.

Ye Qingtang, who was in the middle of the whirlwind, cocked her head on one side as she looked at the chanting black witches.

What now.

Ye Qingtang suddenly raised her head and saw the storm clouds that the black witches were gathering. A cold light flashed across her eyes, and she instantly exuded endless sheets of black flames. In the wild wind, the black flames flickered like demons, and the whirlwind spread them across the void.

The black flames in the void instantly gathered to form a huge black phoenix, which spanned a hundred meters!

The call of the phoenix cut through the air!

The chanting black witches raised their eyes in shock at the phoenix’s call. When they looked at the phoenix made of black flames covering the sky, all of them looked terrified.

The next moment, the black flame phoenix swooped down on the allied forces’ battle lines. As it dived, its huge body seemed to expand.

“What... what is that?!” The commander of the allied forces widened his eyes in disbelief. He looked at the black flame phoenix diving towards them—it seemed like a nightmare. It was like encountering a demon!

“An immortal bird? Is that an immortal bird?” A black witch was so frightened when she saw the black flame phoenix rushing towards them that she forgot to chant. She wrapped her terrified and quivering body under her thick cloak. Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com

The legendary immortal bird burnt with unquenchable flames!

“Shoot that devilish thing down!” The commander of the allied forces shouted hoarsely. The numerous archers shot simultaneously, but the moment the arrows touched the phoenix, they formed sparks that fell straight onto the troops.

Everyone who came into contact with the black flames was instantly engulfed by flames. No matter how they rolled or tried to beat it out, they could not extinguish the flames.

The black flames spread swiftly like wildfire through the neatly arrayed rows of the five-hundred-thousand-strong army.

Wails rose and fell throughout the allied camp.

As the black flame phoenix dived downward and passed over the area, the entire place was burnt to ashes...

At that moment, Joseph and the others who were standing on the city wall goggled at the sight. They stared open-mouthed as the huge black flame phoenix engulfed everything before them and opposite them. They broke into a cold sweat as they watched the scene unfold before their eyes.

What on earth is that?

What kind of monster has Ye Qingtang summoned?!

At that moment, the disdain that Joseph and the others had for Ye Qingtang was reduced to ashes by the ferocious black flame phoenix, leaving only terror in their hearts.