Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 163: Giant Lizard (3)

Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“What is… going on?” The other two teammates in charge of directing the small Giant Lizards away were a little muddle-headed at that instant. They watched for themselves Ye Qingtang use a hidden blade to attract all the Giant Lizards’ attention and drag them around the Giant Rock Canyon.

However, Ye Qingtang pulled an extremely safe distance away from those speedy Giant Lizards, and they could not reach her no matter what.

In a moment, everyone, who was on tenterhooks, was a little dumbfounded.

The nervousness on Gu Yanqiu’s face had not faded, and he blanked out a little while watching the energetic Ye Qingtang.

Was this… a situation that a new disciple on her first mission should have?

Gu Yanqiu was rather bewildered.

Ye Qingtang’s experienced technique was indeed unexpected to Gu Yanqiu. Even if Gu Yanqiu were to direct those small Giant Lizards away, he would only at best be able to achieve what Ye Qingtang did.

The number of Giant Lizards was clearly beyond their estimation, but Ye Qingtang actually attracted all of them away just by herself.

For the few Giant Lizards that wanted to head back, Ye Qingtang immediately used her hidden blade to cut off their retreat and regain their attention.

While Gu Yanqiu was stunned, Ye Qingtang suddenly looked up and met with Gu Yanqiu’s eyes. She frowned slightly and lifted her chin as though she was signaling Gu Yanqiu to takeover.

Gu Yanqiu was a seasoned team leader as well. He returned to his senses quickly and immediately gave orders to attack to his other partners when he saw that there were only two to three small Giant Lizards beside the level 6 Giant Lizard.

This was not the time to find out what level Ye Qingtang could take things to; They needed to lock their target and slay it as soon as possible!

As Gu Yanqiu’s signal was given, the two disciples that were originally responsible for attracting the small Giant Lizards away were able to take part in the battle since Ye Qingtang independently directed all of them away. All the hidden team members rushed up immediately towards the level 6 Giant Lizard that was pacing up and down the cave’s entrance!

On this side, Ye Qingtang methodically led the dozens of small Giant Lizards away from the main battle site bit by bit. She was exceptionally calm, and other than focusing on the movement of the army of Giant Lizards, she still could occasionally watch the rest who were already fighting the level 6 Giant Lizard.

Although the Giant Lizards lived in groups, their spiritual intellect was very low, and they were extremely easy to be lured. As long as they were constantly attacked, their attention would completely be focused on the attacker and would simply not realize that they had fallen into a trap.

Ye Qingtang went on quite a few missions in her previous life and had once battled against Giant Lizards.

However, the target of Ye Qingtang’s team was a level 7 Giant Lizard at that time, and there were as many as fifty people in the team. Just the number of small Giant Lizards surrounding that level 7 Giant Lizard reached thousands.

In her previous life, Ye Qingtang’s cultivation progressed slowly, and she was unable to fight the level 7 Giant Lizard heads on. To gain the team leader’s acknowledgment and gain more chances to participate in team missions, she could only master the skills to attract monsters away. Adding on the experience of fleeing for her life, this little matter was nothing to her.

She was very clear of how far the Giant Lizard’s spewed poison would reach. As long as she remained outside this range, walking these Giant Lizards was the same was walking a group of ducks.

Don’t mention the dozens of Giant Lizards behind her, even two times of this number would not be of any difficulty to her.

However, just as Ye Qingtang brought these Giant Lizards away from the main battle site, she faintly saw shadows of a group of people flashing across the rock wall above her.

There was actually another team in the Giant Rock Canyon?

Ye Qingtang frowned, but she quickly noticed that those people were headed towards the main battle site!

Uneasiness crept within her.