Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1624: Mission Countdown (5)

Ye Qingtang’s words left all Kingdom Protectors stunned.

The allied forces thought that she was insane while the Supreme League Kingdom people were dumbfounded.

Does Tang know what she is saying?!

Those Kingdom Protectors exchanged a look, and they caught sarcasm and ridicule in each other’s eyes.

Never had they seen such a shameless person before.

Did she think she was a god just because she won against a Kingdom Protector?

However, they would not go easy on Ye Qingtang right now. As long as Ye Qingtang died, the Supreme League Kingdom definitely would be unable to defend against the allied forces’ troops, and they would attain the final victory.

Almost in an instant, the Kingdom Protectors surrounding Ye Qingtang began to take action.

Light glowed around them, and a powerful aura swept across the entire place like a strong torrent.

Everyone in the fortress could sense the immense power and was extremely worried for Ye Qingtang, who faced her opponents alone.

Too careless!

How can Tang be so arrogant?

No matter how powerful she is, it’s impossible for her to be the opponent of so many Kingdom Protectors combined.

The soldiers of the allied forces were all smiling. They were waiting. They were waiting for the moment when Ye Qingtang died.

Ye Qingtang showed no fear as she looked at the Kingdom Protectors around her displaying their remarkable powers. She glanced at them from the corner of her eyes slowly and sighed softly.

If this is the extent of these Kingdom Protectors.

That’s really...

In a moment, the Kingdom Protectors attacked Ye Qingtang at the same time, and a blinding light enveloped the land instantly.

An explosive sound pierced everyone’s ears.

Due to the bright light, no one could see where Ye Qingtang was, and they could only strive to open their eyes and attempt to look for a trace of her shadow.

Just as everyone thought that Ye Qingtang would definitely die, a slender figure suddenly leaped out from the bright light.

Those Kingdom Protectors thought that Ye Qingtang had already died from the joint attack when they suddenly felt a powerful aura above their heads.

They looked up instinctively, only to see Ye Qingtang floating in the sky and towering over them emotionlessly.

In the next second, Ye Qingtang moved her leg in the air slightly. It was a slow and elegant move, but the moment her leg landed, black flames suddenly appeared from beneath her foot.

The black flames spread in the surroundings wildly and flooded down to the ground like huge splattering waves.

In no time, those aggressive Kingdom Protectors were completely engulfed by the endless black flames.

The light glowing on their bodies gradually vanished from the black flames. Miserable shrieks escaped their mouths continuously as their figures were swallowed by the black flames bit by bit before everyone’s eyes.

As if they had fallen into a vast ocean with no way of breaking free, they had no room to resist. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

The scene left everyone utterly dumbfounded. They felt their hair stand as they watched numerous Kingdom Protectors—the symbol of the greatest power of a Kingdom—being engulfed by the black flames and heard their plaintive cries.