Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1625: Mission Countdown (6)

The black flames burned like the fires of hell, incinerating everyone they came into contact with.

The desolate wails were broken up by the wind and gradually disappeared in the flames.

The complacent allied troops were now ashen.

These dozen Kingdom Protectors were gathered from various kingdoms. They were incredibly powerful. But now... these Kingdom Protectors had been reduced to ashes before their eyes.

By the time Ye Qingtang lifted her hand to absorb the black flames, there were only a dozen piles of smoking ash at her feet.

The allied forces were stupefied.

The group from the Supreme League Kingdom who had witnessed the whole process from the top of the fortress was also astounded.

They would never have believed it if they had not seen it for themselves. Who on earth could kill a dozen Kingdom Protectors in a few seconds?

Only then did the Supreme League King realize that Ye Qingtang’s earlier words were no exaggeration.

She said that she would help him become the Hegemon of this mainland. At that moment, the King also fully realized that she was the only person in the world who had such terrifying powers. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Cheers rang out in the Supreme League Kingdom’s fortress.

Their Kingdom Protector was the most powerful one. She was more intrepid than the Kingdom Protectors in any of the other kingdoms. With such a powerful Kingdom Protector, what did their Supreme League Kingdom have to fear?

There was rejoicing throughout the Supreme League Kingdom. Meanwhile, the allied forces were greatly alarmed.

This was a completely unexpected outcome.

They had been supremely self-confident when they set out, but now, they were filled with despair.

What kind of demon was the Supreme League Kingdom Protector?

They were all Kingdom Protectors, yet why... was she so terrifyingly powerful?

But before the allied forces could recover from their fright, the cheering Supreme League Kingdom soldiers impatiently opened the fortress gate and swarmed out.

At that moment, all of them were burning with the desire to fight. Even if they had to face millions of enemies, they felt no fear.

Because...

They had the most powerful Kingdom Protector on this mainland.

She could single-handedly exterminate a hundred thousand men. She could kill a dozen Kingdom Protectors. She was Ye Qingtang!

Millions of Supreme League Kingdom soldiers swarmed out of the fortress. They deliberately stood behind Ye Qingtang as if she was the true, indomitable force behind the throne.

Ye Qingtang had utterly terrified the allied forces. As the allied forces faced this army that was several times smaller than theirs, terror rose in their bones.

So what if they had fewer soldiers?

As long as the Supreme League Kingdom had Ye Qingtang, it was enough to terrorize them.

The leaders of the allied forces almost simultaneously ordered the retreat to be sounded.

What kind of joke was this?

Even the Kingdom Protectors were no match for this monster. They would only die at her hands.

The sixty-million-strong army retreated without fighting. They fled in confusion like dogs that had lost their master.

This day completely altered the situation on the entire mainland.

In a single day, the allied forces had lost a dozen Kingdom Protectors. This terrified them more than losing ten million troops.

Ye Qingtang, who had won a great victory, seized the opportunity to pursue them. Step by step, she pushed the Supreme League Kingdom to the highest position within the mainland.