Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1628: Mission Countdown (9)

The King did, in fact, take Ye Qingtang’s advice and rescinded his chilling order to slaughter everyone.

Now, all the kingdoms on this mainland were terrified of Ye Qingtang. The moment they saw Ye Qingtang on the battlefield, they fled as swiftly as possible. Some of them simply raised the white flag in surrender.

Ye Qingtang also took the opportunity to suggest that to avoid further warfare, the King should accept any Kingdom that voluntarily surrendered and submitted to the Supreme League Kingdom. All they had to do was disarm and remove their royal family. Then, the Supreme League Kingdom could take over straight away without needing to fight any further.

The King fundamentally agreed to Ye Qingtang’s suggestions. When this was implemented, many kingdoms wanted to surrender. However, the Supreme League King’s cruelty made them uneasy and caused them to hesitate. Fortunately, once the first country tried it and was not slaughtered by the Supreme League Kingdom, all the other countries saw a ray of hope.

More and more countries voluntarily chose to yield. They would rather submit to the Supreme League Kingdom than face a monster like Ye Qingtang on the battlefield. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Ye Qingtang’s suggestion swiftly ended the war that would otherwise have lasted many years. The Supreme League Kingdom was the greatest beneficiary and controlled the entire mainland.

Because the war ended early, the people could finally stop worrying about the cruelties of war, and many soldiers were saved from a tragic death on the battlefield.

The Supreme League King’s disposition seemed to change as well. He was much more benign towards the countries that surrendered. The other countries also heard that it was the Supreme League Kingdom’s powerful protector who had pacified this predatory monarch. Many of them were grateful to Ye Qingtang.

The Supreme League Kingdom’s unification plan caused the royal family of every kingdom to lose their position and privileges. This reduced the pressure among the royal families on this mainland.

Unification had its benefits...

The Bishop, who had mistaken Ye Qingtang for a white magician, and who was seeking an opportunity to thrive among the kingdoms, was stunned when he finally saw the legendary, most powerful Kingdom Protector on the day that the kingdoms were united.

Isn’t that the white magician who had vanished?

How did she become the Kingdom Protector?

When the Supreme League Kingdom accomplished the feat of unification, Ye Qingtang finally finished her mission in this world.

At the banquet to celebrate the unification, Ye Qingtang left the world with the God of Nature. She did not know that shortly after she left, the source of magic on this mainland, which had been sealed for over a thousand years, re-emerged. Because the entire mainland was unified and the Supreme League King had taken Ye Qingtang’s advice to show clemency, he could gather all the powers in the mainland to study the source of magic. This allowed this mainland, which had waned for a long time, to once again welcome a new era.

And the Kingdom Protector who had precipitated the unification of this mainland suddenly vanished and was passed into legend.

When Ye Qingtang returned to this mainland again, she would never have imagined it would become a world surrounded by magic...

After leaving the two-star constellation, Ye Qingtang returned to the Illusory Void again.

Only then did the God of Nature crisply fling two thousand points at Ye Qingtang. However, according to the rules, Ye Qingtang could only use these two thousand points the next time she entered the Illusory Void.

Now, Ye Qingtang could only use the thousand points she had obtained last time...