Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1629: Star Ring (1)

This time, Ye Qingtang’s power had not advanced much in the two-star constellation, but her inner energy had undergone a qualitative leap.

Ye Qingtang opened the Star Pavilion and prepared to select a suitable prize for herself.

There were innumerable treasures in the Star Pavilion. There was a dazzling array of divine weapons and elixirs.

But Ye Qingtang did not need these.

She had not managed to advance to a new realm in the two-star constellation. However, what made Ye Qingtang more anxious was that the Martial Arts Championship was only a few months away. She must advance her abilities as much as possible within these few months.

Although divine weapons were wonderful, many of them could only be used after attaining a certain cultivation realm. Besides the fact that Ye Qingtang had not yet achieved that kind of realm, even if she could use it, she would not dare to wield this divine weapon even if she took it.

An innocent person in possession of treasure was considered guilty. If others found out that she had a divine weapon like that, they would try to kill her.

So, Ye Qingtang focused her attention on finding something that would increase her abilities.

There were many elixirs that could increase her abilities, but their price was exorbitant, and Ye Qingtang did not have enough points to obtain them.

After looking at many treasures, a little ring caught Ye Qingtang’s eye.

“Star ring?” When Ye Qingtang read the ring’s name, its description caught her attention. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

The star ring allowed its wearer to pass through any world in the ten star constellations. It also made its wearer invisible. Once a person put it on, it would hide the person’s form and aura. It could only be used within the constellation worlds, and its effects lasted for seven days. Also, the star ring could only be used once.

Travel through the ten star constellation worlds?

Ye Qingtang felt an inner jolt. She could not help but recall the nine-star constellation she had visited briefly.

The living things there were too powerful. However, if she could enter invisibly and exercise some caution, it would definitely be the most suitable place for her to cultivate.

Ye Qingtang immediately exchanged eight hundred points for the star ring. She then exchanged the remaining two hundred points for an elixir that could accelerate her cultivation speed.

Ye Qingtang spent the one thousand points. The God of Nature, who had transformed himself into a radiant body, maintained a long stunned silence when he saw the two items Ye Qingtang had obtained with her points.

If she uses the star ring to enter the constellation world, he would be unable to go along with her...

How annoying!

“Why waste your points? If you want to go to the nine-star constellation, I can bring you there.” The God of Nature grumbled.

“No need...” Ye Qingtang was no fool. If the God of Nature activated the constellation world and she entered, she could only exit after completing her mission. Who knew what kind of mission the nine-star constellation contained?

The God of the Nature seemed rather grumpy, and he maintained an annoyed silence.

Ye Qingtang did not want to waste any time. She put the star ring on her finger, then picked up the little white tiger, and flew into the nine-star constellation world.

Ye Qingtang passed through the constellation entrance, and after a dizzying moment, returned to the nine-star constellation world. But this time, the nine-star constellation world she entered was completely different from the one she visited the last time!

Now, all was pitch-black and was filled with the aura of death. Where were the birds and flowers she had seen earlier?

The only thing that remained unchanged was the powerful spirit energy that drifted through the air.

Ye Qingtang could not help but recall what the God of Nature had said.

The constellation worlds changed every second. The nine-star constellation world she had just entered was completely different from the one she had visited last time.