Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1630: Star Ring (2)

It was twilight, and the sun could not be seen. Everything was covered by the fog, and the air was permeated with the aura of death. An eerie sound suddenly rang out of the dusk. Someone was moving between another person’s sutures, and there was a bone-piercing chill.

“Why does this world... feel... eerier than ever...” The little white tiger squinted as it tried to see its surroundings clearly, but the fog blocked its view.

The ground beneath their feet started to shake gently. Ye Qingtang immediately activated the space ring, and she and the little white tiger immediately vanished on the spot.

Just as Ye Qingtang hid herself, a huge claw descended from the sky and crashed into the ground she had been standing a moment ago. The claw was so gigantic, it was dozens of meters wide. When the claw rose up again, a huge crater, which was several meters deep, was formed on the ground. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

The cry of an unknown creature rang out from above their heads. The owner of the giant claw advanced step by step. Every step it took made the ground shake.

After Ye Qingtang picked up the little white tiger and made herself invisible, she hid herself and watched the slowly vanishing giant claw. Under the cover of the fog, she could not clearly see what the creature looked like, but the pressure surrounded them and only slowly dissipated when the strange creature left.

It was the same nine-star constellation. Even if the world had been exchanged for another one, it was no less dangerous.

Ye Qingtang silently congratulated herself on exchanging her points for a star ring that could make her invisible. She did not have the ability to explore this world. Fortunately, she quickly found something like a cave and could peacefully cultivate there.

Some unknown animal had lived in this cave. Many bones that were half-buried in the mud were piled up inside the cave, but the cobwebs outside the cave showed that no living thing had passed through there for a long time. Even the cobweb only held the corpses of spiders that had dried up long ago.

Ye Qingtang curled herself up and hid there to cultivate. Something like the wailing of wild beasts often came from outside the cave and reverberated in her ears. She sat cross-legged and emptied her mind to cultivate.

The little white tiger crouched silently on her knee. It was now incredibly obedient. As long as it remained in contact with Ye Qingtang, it would remain invisible, but if it left, it would become visible again. It would be in deep trouble if its aura leaked out.

Ye Qingtang had cultivated in the cave for a few days when she sensed the energy in her body slowly growing. When she made it flow through her meridian points, time seemed to blur. Only the water dripping from the roof of the cave repeatedly made soft noises.

The minutes and seconds flowed. As the colossal amount of spirit energy rushed into Ye Qingtang, her cultivation realm rose continually. Under this world’s tempering effect, Ye Qingtang’s power reached the peak of the Third Heaven of the Heavenly Venerate realm by the sixth evening. She was just a step away from the Fourth Heaven of the Heavenly Venerate realm.

But Ye Qingtang was stumped by this tiny gap.

The further she progressed, the slower her cultivation realm advanced.

Her powers would undergo a qualitative change after the Fifth Heaven, but based on her current speed, Ye Qingtang would need many more days to break through to the Fourth Heaven of the Heavenly Venerate realm. However, she only had a little time left in this world.