Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 164: Fish In Troubled Waters (1)

Translator:Atlas Studios

Editor:Atlas Studios

At another side of the Giant Rock Canyon, Du Qiang led a group of senior and junior brothers to chase after their target. With the surging heatwave, their backs were soaked with sweat from the heat.

"Senior Brother Du, where did that Wu Qi go? I still saw him running towards here just now. Why is there no trace of him now?" A young man frowned as he was still unable to see their target after looking around for some time.

The leader, Du Qiang, who looked about twenty-four to twenty-five, frowned deeply.

The group of them followed Wu Qi to this place, but in the blink of an eye, they suddenly lost track of him. At that instant, Du Qiang's mood could be said to be extremely foul.

"The target of our mission this time is Wu Qi. Wu Qi is a villain on the Assassination Roll, and the rewards are plentiful. We followed him for three days and three nights. If we lose track of him now, we might have attempted this mission for nothing. No way... We must find Wu Qi," Du Qiang said coldly.

"But... there are many rocks in this Giant Rock Canyon, and its topography is extremely complicated. It is very likely that Wu Qi discovered us; that's why he suddenly increased his speed. If he planned to hide, it would not be easy to find him," said another disciple helplessly. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

They were the outer sect disciples of Qinglin Sect. They left the sect this time because they obtained information of one of the people on the Assassination Roll; thus, they prepared for days and chased after him.

But if they lost sight of Wu Qi at this time, the time spent on this mission would all be a waste.

Everyone wore an ugly expression at that moment.

The loss from a failed mission could not be estimated.

But just as they were unwilling to give up, a disciple suddenly heard a violent battle sound.

"Senior Brother Du, look!" The disciple hurriedly pointed towards the source of the sound.

Du Qiang looked up, and elation emerged in his eyes.

Not far away, a group of youths was in a fierce battle with an enormous Giant Lizard. This scene completely revived Du Qiang.

"Looking from their clothes, it should be Xuanling Sect disciples." Du Qiang glanced at the youths that were battling the Giant Lizard.

"Xuanling Sect? Senior Brother Du, it is already a huge loss to lose Wu Qi. The people from Xuanling Sect seem to have been fighting with the Giant Lizard for a long time, and the battle should end sometime soon. Senior Brother Du, do you think... we can..." That disciple hinted at Du Qiang.

Du Qiang sneered.

"That Giant Lizard is a level 6 demonic beast. Judging from the circumstances, they should be able to kill it. However... we lost the reward for Wu Qi, and if we could kill a level 6 Giant Lizard... perhaps, we could make up a little of the loss."

Du Qiang's words instantly excited the other disciples, and the group of them rushed towards the battle site not far away from them.

At the battle site, Gu Yanqiu and the rest were focused on killing the Giant Lizard before them. They had relatively good teamwork, and with the effort of nine people, they were equally matched with the Giant Lizard. With Gu Yanqiu's experience, he believed that the Giant Lizard would be killed in no time.

"Junior Brother Qin, go attract the Giant Lizard's attraction. I will sneak an attack," Gu Yanqiu told the nimble Qin Huan in an interval.

Qin Huan understood Gu Yanqiu's meaning and immediately jumped into the sight of the Giant Lizard.

The Giant Lizard sustained many injuries during the battle, and it was already bursting with anger. Suddenly seeing his attacker jumping in front of him, he let out a growl and launched at him with its bloody mouth wide open!