Chapter 167: Ate A Bear’s Heart And A Leopard’s Gall (1)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Du Qiang’s attack was extremely cruel. Just based on the hatred between the two sects, he wished he could kill these nine people here and then. The sword in his hand pierced towards Qin Huan mercilessly, and if not for Gu Yanqiu’s defense, Du Qiang would have made a bloody hole in Qin Huan’s body.

“A dignified Qinglin Sect disciple is actually this shameless!” Qin Huan uttered furiously.

Du Qiang scoffed, “Power is in the hands of those who win. Since you all are not our opponents, you should get down on your knees and beg for mercy. If I’m happy, I might be kind and let you all off.”

“Bah!” Qin Huan shouted angrily.

A murderous look flashed across Du Qiang’s eyes as he used his eyes to signal the two disciples beside him to divert Gu Yanqiu’s attention while he attacked Qin Huan.

Meng Sheng and the rest were held up by the other Qinglin Sect disciples and could not leave. Seeing as to how Du Qiang’s sword was right about to pierce through Qin Huan’s chest, everyone’s hearts were in their mouths.

Qin Huan clearly saw that the tip of Du Qiang’s sword had already reached his chest, and in just a breath’s time, it would pierce through him.

However!

A sharp swoosh rang beside everyone’s ears.

A cold light suddenly appeared and knocked that fatal sword away the moment Du Qiang lost his strength!

“Who is that!” Du Qiang frowned deeply and turned around as his attack failed.

However, he suddenly saw…

An alluring young girl in blue was standing on a huge rock a few meters away with an arm raised straight, accurately shooting the dumbfounded Du Qiang with her hidden blade.

“Junior Sister Ye?” Qin Huan scarcely escaped that one blow and could not help but heave a sigh of relief when he saw that Ye Qingtang had suddenly rushed here in time.

Ye Qingtang, who was standing on the huge rock, looked across the messy battle site. Narrowing her eyes as she took a look at every Qinglin Sect disciple, her exquisite red lips curled into a seductive smile.

“It is unsuitable to bully my senior brothers right before me, isn’t it?”

A voice which had a hint of laughter rang about, shocking Meng Sheng and the rest. Similarly, everyone from Qinglin Sect returned to their senses from her breathtaking beauty.

“I didn’t expect that there would actually be such a beauty hidden in Xuanling Sect…” Du Qiang raised his brows slightly as he looked at Ye Qingtang’s exquisite face frivolously and lustfully.

“Little beauty, if you don’t wish to see me ‘bullying’ your senior brothers, it is fine as well. I’ve always had a tender heart for women. As long as you have a good time with me, I will naturally let your useless senior brothers go.”

Du Qiang’s words were utterly shameless.

When all of the Xuanling Sect disciples heard this, it was like a crack of thunder that evoked endless fury.

Even Meng Sheng, who disliked Ye Qingtang previously, trembled in fury by such humiliating words.

How could there be such scum in a sect! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Junior Sister Ye, leave quickly! There’s no business for you here!” Gu Yanqiu suddenly shouted. There was a huge difference in strength between them and Qinglin Sect, and even if Ye Qingtang joined the battle, it would be very difficult to turn over the tables. Moreover, Gu Yanqiu sharply sensed danger from Du Qiang’s attitude, and if Ye Qingtang did not leave now, she would be the first one that Du Qiang would not let off!

Ye Qingtang narrowed her eyes as an undetectable murderous intent flashed across those smiling orbs.

“Have a good time? How about… you let me have a good time first?” Ye Qingtang said with a hint of laughter.

Du Qiang was about to dirty talk a few more sentences but suddenly realized that Ye Qingtang suddenly disappeared from his vision!