Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1671: In Trouble (3)

The results of the beauty rankings would be announced the next day. In order to prevent anyone from tampering with the ballot box, the number of votes each one had obtained would also be released at the time.

Mu Ruxue and Baili Xuanyun went to check the rankings with full confidence. But when Mu Ruxue saw that she was second with thirty votes, she turned pale.

Then she saw that the person at the top of the ranking had twenty or so more votes than her. Her expression turned extremely gloomy.

When she saw the name of the person who topped the ranking, bitterness and rage surged within her. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

“Ye Qingtang? What kind of joke is this? How can she be number one!!” Mu Ruxue stared at Ye Qingtang’s name at the top of the ranking in disbelief. Dark flames seemed to shoot from her eyes and she was furious enough to strangle that wench!

Baili Xuanyun also had not expected this outcome, and his expression stiffened.

There were only twenty people from the Jiang family. Even if they had all voted for Ye Qingtang, that was only twenty votes. Where had the other thirty votes come from?

They had not expected that on the day that Ye Qingtang had gracefully left the restaurant, everyone present had immediately tore up their vote for Mu Ruxue and written Ye Qingtang’s name instead.

Although Mu Ruxue’s mood had just lifted, it now fell to the bottom of the abyss once again.

“Elder Brother Xuanyun, I can’t wait any longer. I want Ye Qingtang dead immediately! Immediately!” Mu Ruxue felt that she had never been so insulted in her life!

Baili Xuanyun frowned slightly, but he had another plan.

A day passed swiftly with two more rounds of matches. Ye Qingtang’s luck was truly incredible. Each time, her opponent was not too powerful, only slightly more powerful than the previous opponent. She smoothly passed through each round. Instead, it was Jiang Yisheng who lost.

Because several people from the last championship were absent, the number of participants for the final round of this championship had been increased from ten to twenty. Now, they were competing to select the top twenty.

The incredibly lucky Ye Qingtang made it to this last round of the selections. At the moment, only she, Jiang Yanyun and Jiang Shaobai were left out of the Jiang family participants. Ye Qingtang was a dark horse in this competition and the Jiang family elders could not help but marvel over her luck.

Strangely enough, the opponents that Ye Qingtang met in the two previous rounds were fairly powerful, but were either unwell or injured. They only fought for a while before admitting defeat. The others felt that Ye Qingtang was extremely lucky to have encountered such a fortunate turn of events.

However...

Luck could only bring her so far.

The dozen in the final round were all the top competitors from the various ancient clans. No matter who Ye Qingtang fought, she would certainly lose.

The Jiang family elders were already very pleased with Ye Qingtang’s current situation. So when they drew lots for the final round, they were already prepared for Ye Qingtang to lose.

When the results of the lots were announced, Baili Xuanyun made a youth from the Baili family exchange his lot with Mu Ruxue.

After the exchange, Mu Ruxue’s opponent was announced.

Ye Qingtang!

Mu Ruxue instantly looked smug. She clutched the lot she had obtained from the exchange, and looked at Ye Qingtang in mocking derision.

Ye Qingtang should thank her. If she had not wanted to publicly tear Ye Qingtang’s face into shreds, Ye Qingtang would not have had the good fortune to remain in the competition up until now.

For the past few days, Ye Qingtang’s opponents had happened to be from the Baili family and the Mu family.

When Mu Ruxue heard the news, she immediately asked the opponents to deliberately give Ye Qingtang a chance to win. The two of them were fairly powerful, but it was unlikely they would make it into the top ten. So they would not offend Mu Ruxue and Baili Xuanyun over this matter.

In the final round, all the families and elders would be present and Mu Ruxue wanted to completely shame Ye Qingtang in front of everyone on that day. In the future, she would be too embarrassed to appear in front of anyone else.

Thinking about this, Mu Ruxue was all smiles.

How did it feel to smash a person’s hopes into norhinf?