Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Chapter 1699: I Am Beating You (3)

Baili Xuanyun was not the only one knocked out by Ye Qingtang’s fists, the rest of the crowd were also stunned.

In the beginning, Zhan Rao had little expectations towards this battle and thought that the results were a given. But he was so shocked that his jaws had nearly dropped down to the floor. Although he still didn’t think that Ye Qingtang would be a match for him, it was nonetheless a shocking sight to see the Fourth Heaven level Baili Xuanyun beaten down to the ground by someone with her bare knuckles.

“Damn... that Ye Qingtang... she’s so fierce.”

This was the first time he was seeing a female beating up someone in such a basic, crude manner. Although basic and crude, the sight of it was startling.

Baili Xuanyun was already swollen and bruised all over. Even his sight was all blurry and his head was spinning from being beaten so thoroughly. He could hear the shocked mutterings of the audience. The immense shame of his situation threatened to swallow him whole.

How did things end up like this?!

He had trained so hard these years, the sole purpose of which was to overtake Baili Xi’s number one spot. But now, he was being publicly humiliated by this insignificant Ye Qingtang!

“Argh!” With an enraged roar, Baili Xuanyun suddenly drew out his sword and charged toward Ye Qingtang like a bloodthirsty maniac.

Not a second later, Ye Qingtang gripped Baili Xuanyun’s wrist and gave it a vicious twist!

With a loud crack, Baili Xuanyun’s wrist was instantly broken. The sword was flung away and landed with its tip driven straight into the ground.

“Ye Qingtang!” In intense pain, Baili Xuanyun dove forward like a crazed, wild beast to try and grab Ye Qingtang by the waist. He wanted to shove her toward the exposed blade of his sword.

At this point, he no longer cared about showing off any fancy techniques. He just wanted to tear Ye Qingtang apart with his own bare hands!

But Ye Qingtang leaped into the air and evaded Baili Xuanyun’s charging motion. With a turn of her feet, she kicked Baili Xuanyun from the back. The vicious kick sent Baili Xuanyun flying forward. His head made direct contact with the blade of his sword.

Thick blood sprayed all over.

The sharp sword had shaved off nearly of Baili Xuanyun’s head. White brain matter mixed with fresh blood splattered all over the floor of the arena. Like that, Baili Xuanyun died in a pool of his own blood.

Unfortunately, even up till the moment before his death, he still didn’t understand how he could have lost to a new Fourth Heaven level fighter like Ye Qingtang.

Baili Xuanyun had died, and in a most humiliating manner...

Elder Baili widened his eyes in shock as he stared at Baili Xuanyun sprawled in a pool of blood with half his head missing. He stood up and glared at Elder Qian. “Elder Qian! Look at what your Ye Qingtang has done!”

Elder Qian was also shocked. Even until the final moment, he still never thought that Ye Qingtang could be the winner.

Ye Qingtang had won?

Had she really won?

An immense sense of joy instantly filled Elder Qian’s heart. As Elder Baili continued to holler at him, he turned calmly to face him. “There’s no need for Elder Baili to be so agitated. Didn’t you say it earlier? All’s fair once they step foot into the arena. It’s impossible to completely avoid death and injury, is it not? I can only say that your Baili Xuanyun is not powerful enough.”

Elder Qian had maliciously turned Elder Baili’s earlier words back at him in a way that made the latter want to throw up blood!

It was a great feeling to be able to do such a thing

Elder Baili’s face went red with anger.

Now that the situation had changed, Elder Qian had no time to bother about Elder Baili. He couldn’t help grinning from ear to ear.