Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1703: Top Beauty Rankings (2)

Ye Qingtang was about to slink off but before she could step out, she suddenly saw Mu Ruxue and Mu Feiruo leading a group of Mu family members in through the main door.

“...”

She should never have stepped out of the house today.

Over the past few days, Mu Ruxue’s facial injuries had healed and she had specially dressed up to the nines today. Her face instantly darkened when she noticed Ye Qingtang.

“Ye Qingtang, are you leaving? Why... are you afraid that you will be humiliated when it is announced that you’ve lost?” Mu Ruxue smirked.

Ye Qingtang couldn’t be bothered to answer the antagonistic Mu Ruxue.

Although she couldn’t be bothered, the two guys who had dragged her over were more than happy to retort on her behalf.

“Mu Ruxue, you are the one who is afraid of being humiliated, right? Just a few days ago, the number of votes for our girl was much higher than yours. You can’t possibly have turned the tide in just a few days?” Jiang Yiran was instantly incensed at the sight of Mu Ruxue. Every single word he uttered was dripping with venom.

“You are such a loser. Who are you to say anything?” Mu Ruxue snorted.

But Jiang Yiran was very thick-skinned. “Losers can’t talk? But I see that you have spoken quite a lot of words in front of our girl. What? The bruises on your face have faded and so you have forgotten how painful it was that day?”

“You!” Mu Ruxue was enraged at the mention of that incident. But she quickly curbed her anger. “Forget it, I can’t be bothered to talk to you. The results of the top beauty rankings will be out soon. We will see then just who is this year’s top beauty.”

With that, Mu Ruxue glanced at the modestly-dressed Ye Qingtang and said in a mocking tone, “So what if you can fight? You are just a basic brute.”

“Your eyesight is terrible. You should get treatment immediately.” Jiang Yiran quickly retorted.

Quite a number of people in the main hall had witnessed this little exchange rather impassively. But they were slightly shocked when they noticed one of the Mu family youths standing behind Mu Ruxue. That person discreetly nodded at them.

Ye Qingtang could feel the onset of a headache as she listened to the useless squabble. However, she couldn’t just walk off now as Jiang Yiran was speaking up for her.

The top beauty rankings would be announced soon. Mu Ruxue and the rest diverted their attention away from the trio to await the results.

“I find it strange that Mu Ruxue is so confident. Why is she so sure that she will win against you? She was behind by so many votes just a few days ago. Is she unable to count?” Jiang Yisheng was very curious.

To be honest, Ye Qingtang just wanted this entire thing to end as soon as possible. She did not care for the rankings at all. But as the restaurant servants carried out the box containing the results, her expression took on a somewhat bizarre shift. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Dear all, today is the date of the top beauty rankings announcement. But a small incident happened last night. Someone opened the box containing the votes and stole them. I am very sorry.”

The servant spoke with a hint of exasperation. This top beauty ranking was just a frivolous thing created by the youths of the various clans to pass time. The servants just happened to be enlisted to help collect the votes and they placed little importance on the matter and so didn’t install strict security on it.

A huge commotion erupted at his words, but a smile appeared on Mu Ruxue’s face.

“Since the votes are lost, there’s no choice but to start all over again. But the Immortal Footsteps Mystic Realm will be opened tomorrow and apart from the top ten who will remain on the island, the rest of us will be leaving first thing tomorrow morning. I’m afraid there isn’t enough time,” one of the youths lamented.