Chapter 1714: Alive or Dead (3)

“Roar!”

The monster climbed out from the depths of the ice below them. It was huge and stood tens of meters tall. Sang Feiyu and the rest who had already flown into the sky realized that they were only flying at the height of its enormous neck...

It opened its massive mouth, a large, gaping maw of rotting black. A red tongue darted out and whipped away Wu Xiao, who happened to be the closest.

Wu Xiao’s expression changed as he quickly lifted his hand. A beam of spirit energy flashed towards the monster’s tongue.

But as though it was striking a vast ocean, the spirit energy did nothing to the monster. He was quickly trapped by the tongue.

The rest of them acted quickly, throwing spirit energy at the monster’s tongue as well.

But even the strength of the nine of them combined had no effect at all on the monster’s tongue!

In an instant, Wu Xiao was swallowed into the monster’s mouth. Before they could even attack the monster with a second wave of spirit energy, Wu Xiao’s body appeared on the head of the monster.

“Save me... I’m begging you, save me... I don’t want to die...” Embedded on the monster’s body, Wu Xiao looked up at them in fear. His eyes were filled in fear, his body covered in a layer of gleaming ice. His mouth gaped open as he begged them repeatedly...

“...”

F*ck!

All of them were utterly stunned by the scene in front of them.

It was at this moment, they realized that the corpses on the monster were all people it had swallowed. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

They had never vanished but had instead become part of the monster’s body. The most terrifying part was that their consciousness had not disappeared....they could still see and hear, could still speak and scream, but were imprisoned in the monster’s body forever.

The timid Qiu Ci gagged.

Someone who had just been by their side was now part of the monster...

The rest of them were still in shock when the monster attacked anew. They were unable to deal with this monster for even a second. They felt as though they were just running around like crazy people.

How were they supposed to deal with a monster like this?

All these supreme masters before them had died. How could they possibly be a match for it?

Ye Qingtang clutched at the little white tiger as she flew as fast as possible with Jiang Shaobai hot on her heels.

At this moment, the scales on the monster flew out like blades in all directions, raining down on the intruders.

“Elder Sister Qing, watch out!” Jiang Shaobai looked at the scales flying at them as his expression changed and he quickly raised his hands.

A bright light emanated from his hands. The moment it touched the scales, there was a huge explosion and a powerful wave ripped the skies open with a resounding sound that split their eardrums. Ye Qingtang wanted to help Jiang Shaobai but the aftershock swept her away.

But as she was pushed away, Ye Qingtang saw the fragments of the exploded scales turn into ice as they wrapped around Jiang Shaobai’s body, encasing him in ice.

At that moment, Ye Qingtang raised her hands angrily and sent out a black flame towards Jiang Shaobai’s frozen body.

The ice melted completely under the black flame.

A wave of relief rushed through Jiang Shaobai and he smiled slightly.