Chapter 1744: A Stunningly Gorgeous Woman (2)

RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

With a slight frown marring her features, Ye Qingtang tried searching for the singing voice with the Little White Tiger and Little Heavenly Demon.

But once Ye Qingtang was at the bottom of the iceberg, the joyful tune suddenly morphed into something twisted and dark.

All the joy was instantly replaced with sorrow and darkness.

The song was full of evil and made them feel as though they were breaking. They could hear notes of sadness intertwined with the melody.

Listening to the song, Ye Qingtang’s mind buzzed and trembled, as though the sorrow from the song had been infused into her heart, twisting her soul bit by bit.

Black clouds covered the once cloudless sky as the song went on and the gentle blowing of the wind gradually became grating. The temperature around them seemed to keep dropping as well.

It had already been a bone-chilling cold and at this point, seemed to have reached the extremities of what was possible. Ye Qingtang felt as though her body warmth had been completely robbed by the wind.

Even Little White Tiger, which hadn’t been feeling cold at all, was shivering.

“Damn it, is this woman a snow demon?” Little White Tiger couldn’t help but exclaim as it looked at the snow which was suddenly filling the sky.

Ye Qingtang frowned slightly but knew clearly in her heart that this woman was no ordinary snow demon. As the song got darker and darker, their surroundings were gradually buried in the snow storm.

The glacier was quickly blanketed in snow.

Little White Tiger quickly transformed into a full grown tiger, scooped Ye Qingtang and Little Heavenly Demon up into his mouth and took to the skies. They would be swallowed by the snowstorm if they waited here any longer.

Their sight was extremely hampered by the snowstorm and Little White Tiger could only try to keep his composure in the mighty storm.

Even within the snowstorm, they seemed to hear the woman laughing evilly...

The snowstorm went on for a long time and the woman’s voice eventually faded. Until the snowstorm subsided, their surroundings would continue to be covered in a thick layer of snow.

Now the river had vanished, and the iceberg had been swallowed as well. All that was left were snowy mountains crossing over each other.

The surroundings were eerily quiet. There were no sounds of the wind or the woman singing at all, it was as though none of that had happened.

The snow was pure white, not a single flaw on it.

“We should think of ways to leave this place as soon as possible. I feel like we’ll end up like those powerful men of the past from the Second Domain if we remain in this mystic realm,” Little White Tiger said.

Ye Qingtang nodded and suppressed her doubts as they rushed on.

Looking at the mountains getting smaller in the distance, Ye Qingtang subconsciously thought about the singing voice of that woman, as though she was still entranced.

After walking for a long time, the temperature around them started rising. Ye Qingtang had a feeling that they were getting out of this place, as the ice mountains around them lessened and valleys and hills appeared once again. The bone-piercing cold slowly faded as well.

Ye Qingtang walked in the direction of the rising temperature and before long, a valley appeared in front of their eyes.

If she was right, they would be able to leave this place after passing through this valley.