Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1746: The Strange Mountain Valley (2)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Ye Qingtang’s heart sank right to the bottom at Little White Tiger’s words.

There were not many creatures who possessed purple blood. And for the ones that did... Every single one of them were terrifying beings. Ye Qingtang had no desire to encounter any one of them here.

Furthermore...

As she looked at the bits of flesh and broken bones, Ye Qingtang couldn’t help thinking of another creature who also possessed purple blood and exuded a demon aura...

There would be great trouble if those deductions were correct. Although she was unable to ascertain whether her suspicions were right, even if they were proven accurate, she had no choice but to push on.

There was only one way out of the Frozen Ice Fields. If she gave up now, she would never ever leave this mystic realm.

Left with no other choice, Ye Qingtang kept her chin up and walked into the inner region of the mountain valley with Little Heavenly Demon and Little White Tiger. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

The further they ventured, the stronger the demonic aura became. Previously, the unconscious Little Heavenly Demon would still wag its tail now and then, but now, it was lying totally still in her arms.

Her suspicions grew increasingly stronger. Ye Qingtang discovered many more large patches of purple blood, as if there had been an attempt to dye the entire mountain valley purple. But the strangest thing was that despite all that blood, Ye Qingtang had yet to see a single corpse.

Apart from those bits of flesh and broken bones, she had not seen any other remains.

Those corpses seemed to have been wiped out by something.

Ye Qingtang suddenly heard sounds of fighting coming from afar. She immediately took out a bottle of elixir which could mask one’s aura and ingested it. Carrying Little White Tiger, she headed toward the source of the noise.

Not far off inside the valley, a bloody scene straight from hell appeared.

Large patches of thick, fresh purple blood were splashed everywhere, so much so that the earth beneath Ye Qingtang’s feet was damp and sticky. This time, Ye Qingtang finally saw the source of all that blood.

A swarm of humanoid monsters with malevolent and twisted faces were engaged in a ferocious battle.

Those monsters were mostly hunchbacked and their hindlegs were bent backwards in the way of beasts. Their skin was dark brown in color and they had wide jaws filled with sharp teeth, as they roared viciously.

“Those are... fiendish demons?” Ye Qingtang stared at the battling monsters. A buzzing sound filled her head.

Fiendish demons were a type of demon which existed in ancient times.

Legend had it that every single fiendish demon possessed an Emperor-level amount of power. Bloodthirsty and vicious, they loved nothing more than fighting and killing. They also had the habit of killing each other. Powerful fiendish demons could gain strength by swallowing their own kind.

Ye Qingtang already suspected that those purple blood, bits of flesh and crushed bones belonged to fiendish demons. But she was not entirely certain as she had never seen a real fiendish demon before. There were no such creatures inside the First Domain.

It was only after entering the Second Domain in her previous life that Ye Qingtang happened to overhear someone talking about fiendish demons.

Ye Qingtang never expected there to be so many fiendish demons inside the mystic realm!

What kind of place was this?

The group of fiendish demons had yet to discover Ye Qingtang’s presence. There were two opposing sides engaged in a fierce battle with countless defeated demons being felled to the ground. Fresh purple blood spurted out in all directions and the evil stench that permeated the air was revolting.