Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1747: The Strange Mountain Valley (3)

Ye Qingtang hid in the shadows, observing the whole scene.

Although fiendish demons had some physical similarities to humans, their skin and flesh were exceptionally hard and tough. Even the sharpest blades forged from top-grade metals would not be able to cause a single scratch. Legend had it that when a fighter who was Emperor-level and below encountered a fiendish demon, the only thing that he could do was run...

There was no chance he could win a fight against a fiendish demon.

But somehow, that tough skin appeared weak and vulnerable against their own kind, easily torn apart by those razor-sharp fangs and claws.

Ye Qingtang stared with pensive eyes as a large fiendish demon slashed another demon right in half with just one swipe. Even the bones inside were chopped in half.

The sight of it made her shiver.

When she was in the Second Domain, Ye Qingtang had once seen a dagger made from the bones of a fiendish demon at an auction. That dagger cut through metal like it was soft mud, hard and indestructible...

Today, she had truly seen it all.

The large fiendish demon bit into its opponent’s head viciously and tore it right off as it started to consume it with relish.

Fresh blood and brain matter splattered everywhere. The large fiendish demon boldly ate its prize as it fixed the demons on the opposing side with a challenging glare.

In response, the fiendish demons on the opposing side roared angrily. Thereafter, they actually picked up the corpses of their own comrades and started to eat them too.

The behavior of these creatures were completely incomprehensible to humans. They were comrades just a second ago, but in the next moment, they had become just another source of sustenance.

Sounds of flesh and bones being chewed drifted into Ye Qingtang’s ears. She couldn’t help breaking out in goosebumps all over.

Taking advantage of the fact that the fiendish demons were still engrossed in their battle, Ye Qingtang quickly carried Little White Tiger and Little Heavenly Demon and scurried off.

This type of battle was not something she could take part in. Even if she just stood by and watched, she would be dead-meat if they discovered her. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

On top of that, her status as a human would only result in dire consequences for her.

But the further she progressed, the more fiendish demons appeared. The entire valley was occupied by their battle. Countless bits of demon flesh and blood splattered everywhere. Large groups of fiendish demons gathered over piles of their own dead, gorging themselves relentlessly on the flesh.

Some of the demons were not even dead yet. Gravely injured, they watched helplessly as their own comrades feasted on their bodies.

Those gory scenes were disturbing, and constantly challenged Ye Qingtang’s mental state.

All she could do was to swallow a bottle of elixir to mask her own aura and suppress her presence to the lowest level possible. Otherwise, she would probably suffer a much-worse fate than those dismembered demons if she were discovered.

Ye Qingtang’s every step inside the mountain valley was made very carefully. At long last, she finally managed to leave the fiendish demon battlefield behind. Heaving a sigh of relief, she suddenly saw a familiar figure standing beside a nearby waterfall.

Covered in blood, Qiu Chen was squatting by the waterfall and using the water to clean himself.

Qiu Chen?

Ye Qingtang’s heart gave a jolt.

Qiu Chen was also one of the people who had entered the mystic realm with her. But they had lost track of each other after the attack by the Ice King.

It seemed like an age ago.

After witnessing the wretched fates of Sang Feiyu and the rest, Ye Qingtang didn’t immediately rush forward, but hid at the side to quietly observe Qiu Chen’s movements.