Chapter 1751: Camouflage (1)

Ye Qingtang immediately put Little Heavenly Demon and Little White Tiger down and drew out her dagger. Without any hesitation, she peeled off the skin of the dead fiendish demon. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

Purple blood oozed out of the demon’s wounds, bringing with it the unique stench of a fiendish demon.

Even so, Ye Qingtang did not turn up her nose at it. She spread the demon blood all over her body. That blood had a rather strange characteristic. It disappeared from her body after some time, but that demon smell remained.

Little White Tiger sniffed at her. If it had not seen what Ye Qingtang just did, the smell alone was enough to convince it that she was a fiendish demon.

“How is it?” Ye Qingtang asked Little White Tiger.

“You smell exactly like a fiendish demon...” Little White Tiger answered truthfully.

Ye Qingtang heaved a sigh of relief. She got this idea from seeing those demons wearing Qiu Chen and Qiu Ci’s skins. Although she had eaten the aura-masking elixir, a fiendish demon’s sense of smell was very fine. They would be able to detect her human scent upclose.

There were countless fiendish demons in this mountain valley, battling one another day after day. It was impossible for Ye Qingtang to pass through this valley without encountering any demons.

Since it was unavoidable, the only solution she could think of was to make those fiendish demons think she was one of them.

Fiendish demons loved to torture and kill humans, as well as wear their skins. In addition, many fiendish demons loved to assume the appearance of all sorts of different monsters. As a result, fiendish demons recognized their own kind by scent and not by physical appearance.

Ye Qingtang rubbed the fiendish demon blood all over her body. The blood quickly disappeared after coming into contact with her own skin, making it easy for Ye Qingtang to conceal herself.

In this way, if other fiendish demons discovered Ye Qingtang, they would think she was one of them after smelling her scent.

Still, Ye Qingtang did not dare to be careless. She rubbed the blood all over herself several times, and repeatedly asked Little White Tiger to confirm that she smelled exactly like a fiendish demon. Only then was she finally assured. Just in case, she also rubbed the blood all over Little White Tiger and Little Heavenly Demon.

After being practically smothered in it, Little White Tiger nearly fainted from the strong scent of the fiendish demon blood.

Even after finishing all those preparations, Ye Qingtang still acted very cautiously. From afar, she spotted a bunch of fiendish demons doing battle. Previously, she would have maintained a wide distance and skirted around them. However, she wanted to test out her idea and so she secretly moved closer to the group.

Ye Qingtang grew increasingly vigilant with every step taken. Her eyes were fixed upon those fiendish demons.

When she was within 10 meters of the group, she found that those demons still had not discovered her presence. Only then did Ye Qingtang heave a sigh of relief.

A 10-meter range was enough to let all the fiendish demons detect her smell. Since they had no reaction, it must mean that her human scent had been successfully concealed.

It must be pointed out that fiendish demons liked humans very much. Humans were one of the best playthings for them, and they would never give up the chance to catch and keep one.

Just like Qiu Ci...

It also explained why they had overlooked the corpse of the fiendish demon in favor of torturing Qiu Ci. Ye Qingtang couldn’t help sighing again at the thought of Qiu Ci.

Who knew how many more human lives this eerie mystic realm would take? Ye Qingtang herself had just barely managed to hold onto her own.

After confirming that her camouflage was successful, Ye Qingtang finally gathered her courage and continued her journey through the valley, with Little White Tiger and the sleeping Little Heavenly Demon in her arms.