Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1752: Camouflage (2)

Over the past few days, Ye Qingtang had been treading extremely carefully through the mountain valley as she was afraid of revealing herself. As a result, she had barely moved much further from the entrance.

Now that she was under the camouflage of a fiendish demon’s blood, Ye Qingtang progressed a little faster, but...

The further she ventured into the valley, the more shocked she was.

Large patches of blood and numerous fiendish demons could be seen everywhere.

Apart from the fiendish demons, there were all sorts of strange creatures inside the mountain valley. Ye Qingtang had never seen such creatures before. Although she had this camouflage, Ye Qingtang still tried her best to avoid the fiendish demons.

The valley was so extensive that it was difficult to tell which direction was the exit. A thick demonic aura enveloped the whole mountain valley, such that it was dark and gloomy all the time. Light barely penetrated the entirety of the area and it was difficult to ascertain whether it was daytime or night. As a result, it was challenging to mark the passing of time.

Since they had entered the mountain valley, Little Heavenly Demon had been unconscious, and Ye Qingtang couldn’t help feeling somewhat worried. Luckily, apart from the fact that it was sleeping all the time, its other vital signs appeared normal.

As they made their way through the valley, Ye Qingtang heard a commotion happening somewhere in front. She surveyed the area and saw a forked pathway ahead. A ball of flesh the size of a small hill was blocking one of the pathways. The ball of flesh was completely smooth and round, without any head or tail. It looked soft and tender, and as pink as a pig.

Several fiendish demons were surrounding the ball of flesh. They drew long scratches across the ball with their sharp claws. The ball shivered all over as it charged about, trying to escape its debacle.

Ye Qingtang hid in the shadows, scanning the scene before her, She then decided to follow the other pathway.

There were plenty of monsters in this valley. She frequently witnessed fiendish demons hunting some of those monsters. Ye Qingtang had already seen that ball-shaped monster several times before. It was rather large and quite strong. But it was still no match for the fiendish demons, and was frequently hunted down by them for food. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Apart from some of the more powerful monsters, most of the monsters in this valley ended up as hunted prey for the fiendish demons. The fiendish demons possessed ravenous appetites. Since they would consume their own kind without any hesitation, it was only natural they would do the same to other species.

Ye Qingtang had just turned to enter the other pathway, when one of the fiendish demons surrounding the ball paused. It looked up and sniffed the air, as if it had detected something. Its comrades were focused on the ball and didn’t notice its actions.

But that fiendish demon seemed to have smelled something exciting. It narrowed its eyes and turned, no longer interested in killing that ball of flesh. Instead, it scurried over to the other pathway.

Ye Qingtang had always tried her best to avoid and hide from large groups of fiendish demons. But presently, she had let down her guard slightly as she hadn’t seen any traces of the demons on this pathway.

Just as Ye Qingtang relaxed a little, a black figure suddenly scurried down from a cliff beside her.

Ye Qingtang’s heart thumped heavily and instinctively struck a defensive pose. A fiendish demon had somehow scurried down from the side of a cliff. The demon was clinging onto the wall of the cliff with all four limbs, baring its long red tongue and sharp teeth, which were dripping with thick drool.

And the fiendish demon’s eyes were fixed upon Ye Qingtang.