Chapter 177: Aura Of The Evil (2)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

With just a look, Wu Qi had goosebumps all over.

That was a huge black fog, and its moving form made it seem like a black hole. It emitted a creepy Aura of the Evil, and everywhere it passed turned into a withered patch of yellow, including the sturdy Lava Trees whose life was engulfed in an instant.

“What… what exactly is this thing?” Wu Qi could only feel a stronger-than-ever oppression enveloping him. All his energy seemed to be sucked away by this unknown black fog, and his inner fear made him want to escape this place as soon as possible. However, it was as though his legs grew roots and were so rooted into the ground that there was no way of moving an inch.

On the other hand, that enormous black fog neared him at a rapid speed.

On the Lava Tree, Ye Qingtang saw that scary black fog, and she felt a chill running down her spine.

What was that?

Ye Qingtang was shocked and suddenly remembered that she seemed to have heard of something similar in her previous life.

Between heaven and earth, there was a large Aura of the Evil which could devour the sun and the moon and engulf rivers and oceans. No one could block it, and anyone who saw it would die without a doubt.

That Aura of the Evil did not have a fixed whereabout and would always appear at weird places.

Many sects wanted to trace down its location but suffered huge losses, and some sects even ended up being tragically wiped out!

Even if Ye Qingtang were to die, she never thought that the Aura of the Evil that she had never seen in the three hundred years of her previous life would actually appear at the Giant Rock Canyon.

The appearance of the Aura of the Evil was an unusual phenomenon, and the reason for the sudden magma eruption in the Giant Rock Canyon was most likely a result of this Aura of the Evil!

The black fog slowly approached where Wu Qi was. Compared to the black fog that was ten meters away from him, Wu Qi’s tall figure appeared tiny. The black fog only brushed past Wu Qi.

But even with that two meter distance between them, it was as though Wu Qi’s body was dragged by a certain powerful force.

Black breaths suddenly flowed out from Wu Qi’s eyes, ears, nose, and mouth, forming into black strings which became part of that ball of Aura of the Evil.

It was as though Wu Qi’s body was completely numbed. He stood at the same spot without moving, and an expression of fear was frozen on his face, seeming to be in utter despair.

Ye Qingtang held her breath and watched wide-eyed as Wu Qi’s breaths were slowly drawn out from his body by that Aura of the Evil.

The Aura of the Evil contained all evil auras in the world. For such a villainous person like Wu Qi, the amount of evil breaths in him was enough to form large quantities of the Aura of the Evil, and these breaths attracted this enormous Aura of the Evil to suck them all.

In just the blink of an eye, Wu Qi, who was still chasing after Ye Qingtang previously, had all his breaths sucked away. His entire body was as pale as paper, and he fell onto the ground just like that while that black fog continued shuttling deeper into the Lava Trees forest as if it was not affected at all.

Finally after the Aura of the Evil vanished from her line of sight, Ye Qingtang finally let out a huge breath.

She could still run when she met Wu Qi, but if that Aura of the Evil noticed her, she could only wait for death! Not mentioning the current her, even if she cultivated for hundreds of years, there would still not be the slightest chance of surviving it.

Ye Qingtang stayed on the tree for a long time, and only after confirming that the Aura of the Evil would not return again did she jump down from the tree.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com