Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1762: False Bravado (3)

After entering the mystic realm, Ye Qingtang had encountered danger after danger, barely having the time to escape with her life each time. She managed to enjoy a few peaceful days after meeting Little Heavenly Demon, but she could not cultivate then as her body had yet to fully recover.

This was the first time she managed to cultivate since entering the mystic realm.

She might have been mistaken, but Ye Qingtang could feel a distinct warmth growing within her body as she cultivated. The surrounding energy entering her body was not like the usual spirit energy, but felt like a totally different kind of power. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

This power was intense but very unfamiliar to Ye Qingtang. She tried to refine this energy, and although it was a bit difficult, she still managed to absorb it eventually.

Ye Qingtang was amazed at this discovery. She then continued to focus on cultivating. Perhaps this unusual power originated from this mystic realm?

As Ye Qingtang cultivated, it was like a blazing flame had been lit within her body. It spread out from the inside, as if she was immersed in a raging fire but was completely unharmed by it.

Ye Qingtang’s bones and muscles seemed to be affected by the high temperature. A peculiar sensation washed over her physical body.

As the time passed, she did not know how long she had been cultivating. She suddenly felt a pain at her wrist and opened her eyes in alarm. Little White Tiger was biting her wrist and shooting her a significant look.

It was only then that Ye Qingtang realized it was already daylight. All the fiendish demons around her were starting to awaken.

Ye Qingtang immediately stopped her cultivation.

The entire cave was bustling with activity. Large groups of fiendish demons paired up to venture out of the camp.

Overhearing the conversations of some demons, Ye Qingtang knew that these fiendish demons were going into the valley to battle the other factions over territory. This happened every day and was nothing unusual to the fiendish demons.

“The demons from the west region are making a lot of noise. We will destroy them.” One of the fiendish demons cracked its knuckles as it exited the cave. It glanced at Ye Qingtang and then at the group of little fiendish demons. It said disdainfully, “We have been in battle over the past few days. You bunch of useless fools had better buck up. Bring them to survey our surroundings and report on the situation.”

The adult fiendish demon could feel that Ye Qingtang was not that powerful. As a result, it relegated her to perform simple scouting duties with the little fiendish demons.

Ye Qingtang didn’t object. Instead, she felt relieved. She would have no chance of escaping if she had to tag along with the adult fiendish demons. But with this bunch of little demons... she might have a good chance of making a getaway.

The bunch of little fiendish demons seldom got the opportunity to leave the camp. Having finally received a mission, they immediately gathered behind Ye Qingtang, standing proud and erect like brave soldiers.

Meanwhile, Ye Qingtang picked up Little White Tiger and Little Heavenly Demon. Looking at the bunch of little demons, she commanded coldly, “You must obey everything I say the moment we leave the camp. I will devour anyone who dares to fool around.”

Her manner was extremely domineering.

The bunch of little fiendish demons were so scared that they just nodded obediently. After all, it was an honor to be able to go on a mission with the Great Sage. They would definitely obey her every command.

Ye Qingtang was very satisfied with their reactions. Inside her mind, she started to plan how she was going to separate herself from the little fiendish demons. She would then wash off the demon blood from her body and make her great escape.