Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1763: Impossible To Escape (1)

Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

As the little fiendish demons had limited battle abilities, they would be dismembered immediately if they were to participate in the war. As a result, the camp usually assigned them one of the safer tasks.

Ye Qingtang led the bunch of little fiendish demons out of the cave.

Since being led here, Ye Qingtang already had the notion of escaping. As a result, she had observed the surroundings carefully on the way to the camp.

Mountain ranges surrounded the eastern fiendish demon camp. There were also numerous patches of forests here and there, very suitable for hiding. Ye Qingtang seemed to be searching for something when she entered one of the forests. The little fiendish demons were following close behind her and they started to look nervous as they surveyed their surroundings.

It wasn’t that they were cowardly, but that their abilities were as good as nothing when compared to an adult fiendish demon. As a result, even just scouting the surroundings of their camp was a great danger to them.

But luckily, they would be led by an adult fiendish demon whenever they went out scouting.

The little fiendish demons felt very assured when they looked at Ye Qingtang. Little did they know that she was constantly thinking of how to escape.

Their surroundings were relatively safe and secure as they were still near the eastern fiendish demon main camp. Ye Qingtang did not discover any traces of other demons after making one full round. But she heard the sounds of a stream.

Ye Qingtang immediately saw her chance to escape. She commanded the little fiendish demons to scout out an area which was in the opposite direction to the stream.

The little fiendish demons did not dare to question the Great Sage’s command, and obediently went forth to scout.

Taking advantage of their absence, Ye Qingtang immediately ran toward the stream.

She soon found a small stream in the midst of the forest. The water was very clear and there were no other creatures around it. Ye Qingtang heaved a sigh of relief.

Ye Qingtang had smeared demon blood all over her body in an attempt to prevent them from discovering her identity as a human. But after finding out about the fierce battle between the different demon factions, she suddenly realized...

It was better to wash the scent of the fiendish demon off her body. At the very most, she would just have to eat a few more elixirs to mask her own scent and then make a big detour to skirt around the regions crowded with demons. That would be better than encountering fiendish demons from other factions and dying in their hands.

After putting down Little White Tiger and Little Heavenly Demon, Ye Qingtang bent over to wash the demon blood off her body.

Fiendish demon blood quickly became invisible after coming into contact with human skin. It could not be seen but its scent remained for a long time. It could only be washed off with clear water.

Ye Qingtang had just taken off her clothes when she suddenly heard a wailing sound coming from somewhere nearby.

It was a sharp, high-pitched noise, unlike the deep voice of an adult fiendish demon.

Was it the bunch of little fiendish demons?

Ye Qingtang was startled.

The sound came from nearby. Before Ye Qingtang could ponder what was happening, several black figures suddenly emerged from some undergrowth. They headed straight toward her.

What was going on?

Ye Qingtang’s head spun. Within seconds, several malevolent-looking fiendish demons had appeared beside the stream.

Ye Qingtang’s heart instantly sank to the bottom.

There were at least eight fiendish demons and they were looking at Ye Qingtang with an intense thirst to kill.