Chapter 1768: This Taste Is To Die For (3)

Perhaps she was imagining things, but she felt like there were a lot more fiendish demons at the camp now than when she first arrived. In this way, it was impossible for Ye Qingtang to find another chance to escape.

The fiendish demons were all busy with the war. As Ye Qingtang was considered a weakling and she had already made a big contribution earlier, she was allowed to stay in the camp. The little fiendish demons were all very fond of this “affable” Great Sage.

Knowing that she would not be able to leave this place for some time, Ye Qingtang could only calm her heart down and concentrate on cultivating. She was a human but had to carefully pass her days surrounded by fiendish demons. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

All around her were demons who could easily kill her with just one smack. It was an extremely stressful feeling.

As for cultivating, Ye Qingtang could only do it in the dead of the night. She had to hide in a remote corner and have Little White Tiger stand guard before she could secretly cultivate.

After days of cultivation, Ye Qingtang discovered something miraculous.

The mountain valley was filled with massive amounts of demon energy. As Ye Qingtang cultivated, the energy inside her increased continuously. Meanwhile, the surrounding demon energy also slowly seeped into her body.

This was not a good thing at all.

If she took in too demon energy, it was possible that she might plummet over to the dark side. At first, she was very careful about it but soon discovered that the demon energy that had seeped into her body would quickly disappear as if absorbed by something inside her.

This feeling was very strange and Ye Qingtang couldn’t help linking it to her mutated Heavenly Demon Bloodline.

Perhaps the demon energy had been absorbed by her blood?

She was unable to ascertain this for now.

But this was a good thing for Ye Qingtang. She would not have dared to continue cultivating if the demon energy hadn’t disappeared. Her body would not be able to endure large amounts of demon energy.

As the days went by, Ye Qingtang got to know more about the general situation in the mountain valley.

But the demon blood on Ye Qingtang also gradually faded as time passed. She had no choice but to discreetly get close to the dead demons dragged back to camp, and secretly smear their blood on herself.

Today, Ye Qingtang once again stole over to the new batch of demon bodies dragged back to camp. She used a bottle to collect some demon blood and then found an isolated place to quickly smear the blood all over herself. After she was done, she walked out again.

The moment she stepped out, Ye Qingtang heard several fiendish demons talking about something. It seemed that they had just returned from a battle. She nonchalantly got a little closer and sat down somewhere nearby so that she could overhear their words.

She discovered something from their conversation.

The war between the different fiendish demon factions had been ongoing for a long time, but the battles had become increasingly intense over the past six months. The reason behind the increased intensity was not something as simple as the fight for more territory.

It was because something very important to the fiendish demons would be happening soon. The increased intensity of the fighting was because of this impending occurrence.

Inside this mountain valley, there was a strange space that had been sealed off.