Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 178: Aura Of The Evil (3)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

The Aura of the Evil gradually moved farther away. After a distance, it suddenly quivered, and the black fog dissipated bit by bit, leaving behind a silver figure.

It was a mighty and majestic silver wolf. Its silver fur all over its body glistened, but some black fog remained between the fur. Its scarlet eyes were as fierce as that of a wild beast. After taking a few steps forward, it fainted and fell on the ground with a heavy thud.

On the other side, Ye Qingtang looked at the lifeless Wu Qi beside her legs, and her lips tugged upwards into a smile. Wu Qi would never have dreamt that he would die from this scary force one day.

Ye Qingtang touched her chin and took out the dagger on her waist, chopping off Wu Qi’s head.

This Wu Qi was a person on the Assassination Roll. Although he was not ranked highly, this head could be exchanged for many Xuanming points if brought back to the sect!

At that thought, Ye Qingtang really felt that the Aura of the Evil from just now was a great help to her.

However, she did not dare to stay for long as well. God knows when that Aura of the Evil would appear again. Even Wu Qi did not have any ability to fight back, if it was her, she would only die earlier!

Then, Ye Qingtang was unwilling to stay any longer and immediately fled.

The Lava Tree Forest turned into a desolate field after the Aura of the Evil passed through it.

The vitality of the Lava Trees was sucked away, and yellowed leaves fell onto the ground.

Just by walking in the place where the Aura of the Evil had extended, she felt a chill inside her. Before long, Ye Qingtang suddenly saw that there was a figure not far away from her!

There was a huge silver wolf with a dangerous black fog lingering around it.

Ye Qingtang instinctively wanted to leave, but when she looked at the silver wolf which clenched its teeth in pain, she hesitated…

In her previous life, Ye Qingtang once saved a small wolf while she was on the run.

At that time, she was alone, and everyone was after her life. She often felt real loneliness, but that small wolf was the only companion by her side during her most difficult times.

But ultimately…

That small wolf was cruelly killed because it protected her.

Up to this day, that bloody scene remained in Ye Qingtang mind like a disease.

Unexpectedly, Ye Qingtang spun on her heels and walked towards that silver wolf.

The black fog that hovered around the silver wolf radiated an evil aura and was exactly the same as the black fog on Wu Qi’s body when he died. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

This silver wolf was possibly the Aura of the Evil’s target as well but survived by chance.

Looking at the silver wolf, Ye Qingtang’s mind could not help but overlap its image with the small wolf that she once raised. After taking a deep breath, she lowered her body and placed her hands on the silver wolf.

The Heart of the Demon God within Ye Qingtang was a weapon which could absorb all the Aura of the Evil on earth, and the rumored Demon God was even able to control all the Aura of the Evil.

As Ye Qingtang’s hands were placed against the wolf, the Aura of the Evil which lingered around the silver wolf was slowly absorbed by the Heart of the Demon God within her.

Upon looking at the majestic silver wolf under Ye Qingtang’s hands, the little black ball hidden her body went crazy!

Why…. why… is he here!!!