Chapter 1777: The Battle Between The Top Three (3)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“The appearance of all three major demon tribes can only mean one thingーthe Deity Ocean. Weren’t there rumors that the Deity Ocean would emerge sometime within these two years? I think... it could be any time now,” Hu said.

Ye Qingtang looked at the large crowds of fiendish demons surging toward the source of those blaring horns. The demons from the eastern and western factions weren’t the only ones. On the way there, countless demons from the other camps were also all heading in the same direction.

Some of those demons appeared injured, and were very likely in the middle of a battle just now.

However...

Just the sound of those blaring horns of the big three demon tribes were enough to make everyone stop their fighting and head in the same direction.

Following the demons, Ye Qingtang soon arrived at an opening within the valley. But the entire congregation suddenly stopped right before they entered the opening. The demons standing right at the front took in deep breaths in unison.

Ye Qingtang was standing right at the back and couldn’t see what was happening up front. But she could already feel the suffocating aura that radiated from that opening.

Although she was still quite a distance away, that pressurizing aura engulfed Ye Qingtang’s entire body. Within seconds, her face had turned pallid.

She could feel that there was some extremely powerful creature at the front. Ye Qingtang didn’t even dare to reach out her senses to probe. Instinct told her that whatever creature it was, it was definitely not something she could afford to provoke. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Ye Qingtang was not the only one. The little fiendish demons were also in agony. Even their breathing had become extremely labored.

Several roads led to this opening and fiendish demons from all the various factions had all gathered here, but none of them dared to step into the opening. Their faces were full of anxious trepidation.

Ba squeezed to the front of the crowd, dragging Ye Qingtang and Hu along.

At this point, Ye Qingtang finally saw what was beyond the opening.

Tens of thousands of fiendish demons were gathered there, all lined up into three neat factions. Every single one of them possessed a powerful and intense aura. Each demon was also riding upon a ferocious war beast.

Amongst them, the presence of three massive beasts stood out.

“Sky-Razing Giant Pythons...” Ba couldn’t help shuddering as he gazed at those massive pythons. Hundreds of meters long and over a dozen meters wide, the pythons were also clad in black-armoured scales.

The Sky-Razing Giant Python was an exceptionally ferocious beast. It had thick skin, tough flesh, lightning speed and was covered in venom all over.

Fiendish demons were immune to most venoms. The types of poisons used by humans were like candy to the demons. But fiendish demons had zero immunity toward the venom of a Sky-Razing Giant Python.

On top of that, this beast loved to eat fiendish demons and often hunted them as prey. Even the more powerful fiendish demons would go out of their way to avoid Sky-Razing Giant Pythons.

But right now, standing upon the head of one of those Sky-Razing Giant Pythons was a skinny, hunchbacked fiendish demon...