Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1782: Blood Battle (2)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“You want the Deity Ocean? Stop dreaming!”

Danger and benefit existed side by side. After just a brief hesitation, all the fiendish demons charged toward the defending line under the command of their Great Generals.

The battle rose to a feverish pitch within seconds. Countless fiendish demons clashed as they fought tooth and nail to the death. The various camps who had been at each other’s throats for centuries now fought as one against the same opponent. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Every single faction wanted to obtain the Deity Ocean. The three big tribes were standing in their way, and so had turned into their common enemy!

Large swarms of fiendish demons entered the battlefield. Fresh blood splattered all over as endless roars and howls filled the air.

Ye Qingtang’s heart sank as she watched the scene unfold before her. The thing she feared most was happening.

The powers of the three elite tribes were far beyond that of the other camps. Even with their advantage in numbers, it would be an outright massacre for the other camps.

Ye Qingtang witnessed the Flaming Ape smash over dozen fiendish demons to death with just one punch. But their deaths did not stop the other demons from advancing. Before the Flaming Ape could raise its hand again, another batch of fiendish demons launched forward.

The continuous barrage of fiendish demons were like an endless swarm of locusts.

The fiendish demons from the three major tribes were also very powerful. Their sharp claws easily tore apart the demons from the other camps. In just the blink of an eye, the vast grounds were soaked with fresh demon blood.

The thick stench of blood saturated the air, reaching into all corners of the area.

The fiendish demons from the three elite tribes were in a killing frenzy. They never expected those worthless weaklings, who usually avoided them, would dare to attack them like this.

Without a doubt, the powers of those from the top three tribes were much higher than the other demons. Just one of the former was enough to kill at least 10 of the latter.

But more and more fiendish demons charged forward with no regard for their lives.

The Deity Ocean was just too important to them. If they could obtain it, their camp could dominate all the other factions, including the top three tribes. They could become the true lords ruling over everyone!

As the battle went on, even those little fiendish demons were influenced by the bloodlust. They bared their sharp teeth and pounced toward the demons from the three elite faces. But how could their tiny, weak bodies withstand the might of the big three? They were all crushed to death within seconds.

A demon battle was different from that between humans. It was pure, basic savagery and brutality.

At this point, Ye Qingtang could no longer see any familiar faces. All the demons from the various camps had merged into one sprawling mass. There was violence and killing everywhere.

Countless fiendish demons collapsed in battle. In just a short period of time, the number of fatalities from all the camps had reached astounding figures. Only the three elite tribes sustained minimal casualties. Their powerful abilities were a barrier that was too wide to be breached.

Even so, the large number of deaths was not enough to curb the ambitions of the various factions. As the demons at the front fell, more demons would charge forward from the back. They would sacrifice countless lives just to break through the defensive line.

As powerful as the top three tribes were, it was inevitable they would start to slow from the fatigue of the endless suicidal onslaught by countless fiendish demons.

No matter how powerful a fighter was, he would still gradually become drained by the continuous frenzied attack of an opponent.