Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1789: It Is All A Misunderstanding (3)

Before Ye Qingtang could react, she was sucked right into the chasm with the Deity Ocean still in hand.

As Ye Qingtang scanned the chasm and saw that there was another world beyond it.

Could it be...

This Deity Ocean could be used to pass through time and space? It could open up a gateway to another world?

Ye Qingtang couldn’t help recalling the earlier incident when she tried to place the Deity Ocean in her space ring. She heaved a big sigh of relief knowing that she was about to escape.

“Put down the Deity Ocean now or I will make sure you die a wretched death!” The face of the Heavenly Demon Race’s Great General instantly contorted into one of malevolence when he saw that Ye Qingtang was about to fly into the chasm with the Deity Ocean.

“Damn you! You want the Deity Ocean? Dream on! You will never have the Deity Ocean!” Ye Qingtang finally dared to shout out her true thoughts when she saw that she was about to escape. The Great General tried to pursue her but was blocked out by that beam of light.

Let her die in one piece...

He could stay here on his own!

She couldn’t care less about him!

“Do you wish to die?!” The Great General’s face was livid at her impudence! He leapt into the air and charged toward Ye Qingtang, furiously striking her with waves of demonic aura.

But that power instantly dissipated the moment it made contact with that beam of light.

Ye Qingtang, who had been a bit worried, was now incredibly jubilant. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Great General of the Heavenly Demon Race? You are very powerful right? Try your best to hit me!”

“You!!” The Great General was completely enraged. No fiendish demon had ever dared to behave so audaciously before him!

The Heavenly Demon Race’s Great General immediately sent a barrage of strikes at Ye Qingtang, but none of them even got close to touching her.

“Aiyah... not painful at all...” Ye Qingtang piped up smugly.

The Great General was nearly puking blood in anger.

No matter how he tried to attack, he was unable to hurt the escaping Ye Qingtang. That beam of light was an impenetrable barrier, offering Ye Qingtang complete protection.

As angry as the Great General was, he had no choice but to just watch on as Ye Qingtang disappeared into the chasm. The chasm immediately vanished the moment she entered, leaving only empty air in its wake.

After entering the chasm, Ye Qingtang felt like the world around her was spinning. But in the next second, both of her feet landed on solid ground. She had to spend some time recovering her senses before she started to survey her surroundings.

What met her eyes was one that was totally unfamiliar. It was very dark but she could still vaguely make out her surroundings.

“This is...” Ye Qingtang gazed about. She felt warm all over.

She thought that the Deity Ocean had sent her back to the mountain valley outside of the sealed space. But it now seemed like it was a totally different place.

The climate here was completely different from the Frozen Ice Fields that Ye Qingtang had experienced. Even the air in the mountain valley had been chilly and thick with the demonic aura. But over here, she could not feel anything that was exceptionally strange.

“Don’t tell me I have left that mystic realm?” Ye Qingtang murmured to herself. She started to feel a sense of joy, but was immediately struck by the thought that she had left Little White Tiger all alone by the cave at the eastern demon camp.

She had left Little White Tiger in that demon-filled land...

As well as the still-unconscious Little Heavenly Demon...