Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1792: It Is All A Misunderstanding (6)

This time, Ye Qingtang had accidentally fumbled her way into a great war between demons. Somehow, she had also been dragged into this sealed space.

The Deity Ocean, which had never landed in tens of thousands of years, had miraculously descended on the altar this time. Not only that, the same Deity Ocean happened to land in her hands. After the power of the Deity Ocean was activated, it merged with her...

Ye Qingtang could not be blamed for thinking this was not a coincidence at all.

For over tens of thousands of years it had not landed on the altar. From what she had seen earlier, the Heavenly Demon Race’s Great General had failed to merge with the Deity Ocean. Given these signs, Ye Qingtang couldn’t help thinking there was more than met the eye.

She was worried that... the Deity Ocean was probably completely merged with her now after she activated it earlier.

Nearly all had witnessed the sight of the Heavenly Demon Race’s Great General trying to merge with the Deity Ocean and suffering a powerful backlash from the attempt.

Meanwhile, the Deity Ocean had merged with her so easily...

The fiendish demons had been referring to it as the Deity Ocean, but elsewhere, it was called a high-level Spiritual Abode. The more Ye Qingtang thought about it, the more her suspicions grew.

Why did the Deity Ocean appear over here?

More importantly, why did this Deity Ocean choose to merge with her?

If the Deity Ocean was a high-level Spiritual Abode, then it was clear why they had ended up entering this strange mystic realm.

The imminent appearance of the Deity Ocean caused the distortion in the space-time continuum, which dragged the ten of them into this mystic realm created by the Deity Ocean.

Those trapped fighters from the Second Mainland had probably also entered the mystic realm when the Deity Ocean was about to emerge. They had been struck by the curse and ended up in a state worse than death.

Also, the Spiritual Abode obtained by the First Mainland’s Ancient You Clan was probably similar to the Deity Ocean. However, Ye Qingtang could distinctly feel that the level of this Deity Ocean inside her was far above that of the Ancient You Clan’s Spiritual Abode.

Everything in this mystic realm had already far surpassed her knowledge of the world.

Ye Qingtang finally understood why the fiendish demons all said that one could rule the world with the Deity Ocean. But there was a precondition: one had to be able to merge with the Deity Ocean.

This was because the fiendish demons existed in a mystic realm that was part of the Deity Ocean.

Possessing the Deity Ocean meant possessing all the power of the fiendish demons. One could make use of the Deity Ocean’s ability to move through time and space, to step between worlds as and when one wished to. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Ye Qingtang couldn’t help gasping a little as she thought about all this. She never dreamed that she would one day merge with a high-level Spiritual Abode...

But she had just grasped this point when the Deity Ocean inside her vibrated once again.

That familiar feeling once again overcame her. Ye Qingtang only had time to utter a curse before the strong beam of light shot out again and sucked her right in.

By the time Ye Qingtang came to, she could once again feel the howling cold winds brushing against her body. She was used to this situation now. Slowly, Ye Qingtang opened her eyes and as expected, she was looking at the familiar mountain peak...

And the grim-faced Great General of the Heavenly Demon Race was standing a few meters away from her. His furious eyes seemed to be emitting sparks and his expression was darker than the underside of a burnt pot.

Ye Qingtang, “...”

It seemed like even though she had merged with the Deity Ocean, she was unable to control it.

Was the Deity Ocean displeased with her and so was making a fool out of her?

What was it trying to do? Sending her back to the mouth of death again and again?

It wasn’t even her intention to merge with it...