Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1804: Fleeing The Valley (3)

Ye Qingtang, “...”

Did its hunger pangs finally wake it up?!

Freshly awakened, Little Heavenly Demon laid in Ye Qingtang’s arms and stared adorably into her face. Those big, limpid eyes were filled with the words “hungry”.

Exasperated, Ye Qingtang put Little Heavenly Demon down and took out some dried meat from her space ring to feed it.

Little Heavenly Demon appeared very satisfied with the first few bites, but its face changed thereafter. The contented look gradually faded and it looked grumpily at Ye Qingtang.

“What a spoilt brat. You were asleep for so many days. Now that you have finally awakened, you are immediately demanding to have something hot and fresh to eat. ” Little White Tiger instantly knew what Little Heavenly Demon was thinking.

Ye Qingtang was completely speechless.

“Don’t be upset. Let’s see if we can find anything else for you to eat,” Ye Qingtang coaxed patiently.

With little Heavenly Demon awake, she was no longer that worried about surviving in the Scorched Hot Lands. But there was something that puzzled her. Why did Little Heavenly Demon fall into a deep slumber immediately after entering the mountain valley, and then suddenly wake up again right after they left?

Was it a coincidence or was there some hidden reason?

Nevertheless, Ye Qingtang could breathe more easily now. With Little Heavenly Demon’s powers, it shouldn’t be too difficult to survive as long as they didn’t encounter Divine level monsters.

Little Heavenly Demon seemed to understand Ye Qingtang’s words. It immediately pointed at a big mountain nearby. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The mountain was so immense that the peak was lost in the clouds. But the mountain looked somewhat strange. It was not flaming red like the rest of the Scorched Hot Lands, and it didn’t have any lava flowing down it.

“Are you saying that there are things to eat on that mountain?” Ye Qingtang asked.

Little Heavenly Demon thought for a moment before shaking its head. Before Ye Qingtang could say anything else, it suddenly flew toward that mountain.

Ye Qingtang and Little White Tiger had no idea what Little Heavenly Demon wanted to do. They chased after it.

Soon after, they arrived at the foot of the mountain.

Standing there, Ye Qingtang felt more than ever that this mountain was very foreboding. It was over ten times bigger than any other mountain she had ever witnessed.

In addition, Ye Qingtang realized that the temperature of this mountain was much cooler than the rest of the area. Even more strange was the fact that the mountain didn’t have any soil and rocks. Nevertheless, it felt very hard and solid under her hands. It was a very bizarre feeling.

It was like... a piece of leather that had hardened over tens of thousands of years.

Just as Ye Qingtang was still puzzling over the strange characteristics of this mountain, Little Heavenly Demon suddenly opened its jaws and bit into it.

Ye Qingtang was startled by its actions.

“Have you gone mad with hunger? You are chewing on musty old soil now?” Ye Qingtang quickly pulled Little Heavenly Demon back.

What was wrong with this greedy little thing? It would rather gnaw on a mountain than eat perfectly good dried meat?

“I think... this might not be a mountain...” Little White Tiger suddenly turned to look at Ye Qingtang with a bewildered expression.

“Not a mountain? Then this is a...” Ye Qingtang’s sentence trailed off.

Little White Tiger kept silent for a moment before giving the mountain a kick. “This is... the dead body of a... True God.”

“...” Ye Qingtang’s eyes widened in shock.

Kill me. The dead body of a True God!

“Didn’t the people from the Second Domain say that after the Heavenly Demons were released, countless True Gods came forth and ended up dying in the hands of the demons? If I am right, this mound before us... is the corpse of one of the True Gods...” Little White Tiger deduced.