Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1808: The Dilapidated Temple (1)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

The image under the dust made Little White Tiger freeze.

It was really...

Back when Ye Qingtang was headed towards the Land of Infinite Demons with the Jiang family, they had to hide in the forbidden place as they were being chased. It was there that Ye Qingtang had met Jiang Yu and a few others, who were imprisoned there due to a curse.

At that time, in order to come into contact with the curse that had been laid on them, they could only let Ye Qingtang and those with her enter the battered temple.

It was there that Ye Qingtang had noticed a few pictures and words on the pillars.

“Are you saying... this is a temple?” Little White Tiger said, deep in thought.

Ye Qingtang did not rush to conclusions and looked around her again.

The palace was huge. Even though most of it had already collapsed, the area that was left was still massive.

There were pictures carved on the other pillars around them as well but too much time had passed and those pictures had already faded and lost their colors.

“These were done by the primordial humans...” Ye Qingtang looked at a barely completed picture, which depicted the True God creating the primordial humans. On another pillar was a picture of the mighty True God squatting on a throne above the void. Below the clouds were the worshiping primordial humans.

The True God had created the humans, taught them how to use their own power and made them a part of the world. After their creation, the True God had treated the clans he had created with gentle love. He had set rules to guide them and helped them build their own territory.

Ye Qingtang realized that the pictures were depicting the True God creating the primordial humans and the number of primordial humans were increasing.

In the beginning, there was only a small group of people shrouded in darkness. They gradually became clearer, and Ye Qingtang saw a few of them with their faces carved out clearly. It was just that the wall paintings had already been damaged and the faces of the primordial humans had been mostly destroyed.

“There are more pictures here.” Little White Tiger was standing on the other side of the temple and gesturing at the wall carvings on that side.

Ye Qingtang glanced over and noticed that the pictures on the other side of the wall were different from what she had seen previously.

There were no primordial humans on the wall carvings there. Instead, there was a huge black shadow.

“This is the Heavenly Demon...” Ye Qingtang looked at the dark figure standing next to the Shining God and narrowed her eyes.

Ye Qingtang followed the sequence of pictures and found something odd on the first wall painting.

On it was a huge black hole and in it was a glowing blue orb. Standing beside the hole was the Heavenly Demon and the True God...

“Why does this blue orb look so much like the Deity Ocean?” Ye Qingtang was curious. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Those powerful people from the Second Domain had only told them that this was where the Gods used to imprison the Heavenly Demons.

Ye Qingtang had never thought much of what they said, but took note now that she had realized that this mystic realm was actually a high-level Spiritual Abode.