Chapter 1809: The Dilapidated Temple (2)

Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

The Spiritual Abode has probably existed from when the Heavenly Demons were imprisoned here. According to the pictures, the Heavenly Demon and True God probably found this Spiritual Abode at the same time and had a battle here.

The True God came out on top in the end and built a temple here to imprison the Heavenly Demons. But the pictures on the wall didn’t depict the origins of the Spiritual Abode.

It was just that...

A place that interested both the True God and Heavenly Demons was probably more complicated than it appeared.

Ye Qingtang became more and more interested in the Deity Ocean in her body as she thought about this. Up till now, except for the power to cross space and turn invisible, she had not discovered any other powerful abilities from the orb.

Was it because she was still not strong enough to control the Spiritual Abode?

Ye Qingtang was filled with curiosity. She was almost certain that this dilapidated palace was a temple.

Just as Ye Qingtang was thinking about the pictures on the walls, the woman’s voice among the raining flames suddenly calmed. The dark, twisted melody transformed suddenly into something solemn and holy.

But as the melody started, Ye Qingtang realized with a start that the wall carvings in the temple were all glowing gold!

Ye Qingtang felt her vision blur as the lights flashed. The temple which had been shrouded in darkness was suddenly covered in light!

As Ye Qingtang’s eyesight recovered, what she saw stunned her.

The ruins from the temple had been erased and those dusty pillars were now immaculate, tall and majestic, exuding an indescribable resplendence and grandeur.

A figure in golden armor was sitting on the highest throne of the temple. It was bathed in holy light and one could not help but revere it.

“This is...” Ye Qingtang stared at the scene in front of her in shock. But before she could understand what was happening, a deep voice rang out from behind her.

Ye Qingtang subconsciously turned her head. The huge collapsed gate of the temple was now standing perfectly in front of her. The huge gates opened slowly and a group of primordial humans walked in respectfully from the outside.

Their faces were filled with humility and revere. Apart from the primordial humans who had entered the temple, Ye Qingtang also saw countless primordial humans kneeling respectfully outside the temple, singing hymns praising the True God.

The song was exactly what the mysterious woman had been singing.

Ye Qingtang noticed the innocent expressions on the primordial humans’ faces as they worshiped their creator. The faces of the young men and women leading the way were filled with fanatical worship towards the True God.

The knelt to the ground in unison, offering their ardent love and faith to the God on the throne.

Ye Qingtang looked at all of this in shock. Both the God on the throne and the primordial humans seemed to not have noticed her presence at all.

“Is this... a memory from the past?” Ye Qingtang reached out tentatively towards the primordial humans, and sure enough, her hands went straight through them.