Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1810: The Dilapidated Temple (3)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Right before her eyes was the illusion of something that had happened tens of thousands of years ago, left lingering in that temple.

Ye Qingtang had no idea when this illusion would end. She could only stand quietly by the side, watching what seemed to be a memory unfold from all those years ago. Those happenings related to primordial humans and True Gods who only existed in legends.

Observing how these primordial humans worshipped the True God with such ardor, it was hard to imagine how they could have chosen to betray them in the end. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

That particular illusion didn’t last for too long. After a short while, the scene in the temple changed to another time.

Light still filled the place. The gold-armored True God sitting on the altar still looked as mighty and powerful. But the faces of the primordial humans looked slightly different.

Those originally pure and naive faces had gradually become more weathered and hardened. The men and women standing at the foremost had already emerged as the most elite fighters. Although it was just an illusion, Ye Qingtang could clearly feel the change in their aura. These people’s powers had increased by over 10 times. But the most astounding thing was that they seemed to exude a hint of holy power.

After a brief moment, Ye Qingtang finally realized that the primordial humans had yet to betray the True Gods at this point. The Yin Yang Perfected Lord Tenth Heaven had yet to be closed.

Ye Qingtang didn’t know how many years passed between those two illusions. But she detected that the passion with which those primordial humans worshipped the True Gods had somewhat dampened.

Even so, they remained very respectful and gazed at the True God with awe and adulation. It was just that the expressions on their weathered faces now took on a more profound depth.

It seemed that the True God was blessing these primordial humans. Although Ye Qingtang could see the True God speaking, she couldn’t hear any sound. Those primordial humans nodded respectfully after the True God finished his speech.

Ye Qingtang recalled the drawing on the wall. After the True Gods created the primordial humans, they taught them to cultivate and also set down some regulations. Perhaps the True God was dictating those regulations to the primordial humans now.

Still, she could only guess. Then the scene before her changed once again.

This time, those primordial humans had become even more powerful. Their respect and awe for the True Gods had faded further.

In addition, Ye Qingtang discovered another figure by the altar.

It was a gorgeous, slender woman. She was wearing a gold-colored veil which covered half her face, revealing only a pair of mesmerizing eyes.

Ye Qingtang had never seen such lovely eyes.

Although the woman’s face was half-hidden, just that pair of eyes alone made Ye Qingtang feel that no other female in this world could be more beautiful than her.

And that woman radiated a holy power.

She was also a True God.

Somehow, Ye Qingtang felt that this female True God looked very much like that mysterious woman she had seen in the mystic realm earlier.

But before Ye Qingtang could mull over it, the scene suddenly changed again. The temple was considerably darker now. When the gates to the hall were once again opened, the primordial humans who strode in... they no longer got down to their knees before the True God. They only gave a brief bow in greeting...