Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1811: God And Demon (1)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

The True God on the altar didn’t detect the changes in those primordial humans. Everything went on as per normal. After a long time, those primordial humans finally left the temple. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Ye Qingtang thought the illusion would soon change scene again like before. But a familiar tune suddenly started playing in the illusion.

Amazement flashed across Ye Qingtang’s eyes. There had been no sound in all the illusions she had observed so far. But it was different this time.

Ye Qingtang instinctively looked toward the source of the music. The gorgeous woman beside the altar was gently humming that tune after the primordial humans left. She nodded at the True God on the altar, those lovely eyes curving up in a smile.

The True God was telling her something. Thereafter, the woman shifted her feet and flew out of the temple. As she passed by Ye Qingtang, that familiar tune seemed to infuse itself straight into Ye Qingtang’s heart.

As if pulled by a force, Ye Qingtang followed suit. The image of the temple swirled past her like a revolving lantern.

At this point, Ye Qingtang was more or less certain that the humming woman was that mysterious lady she had encountered in the mystic realm. Ye Qingtang had been in the dark over who that lady was.

But now...

Ye Qingtang could make a reasonable guess.

To be able to stand beside a True God and to smile and talk so familiarly with him—she must also be a True God.

A True God was benevolent and loved everything in the world. But they were always high up on their pedestals, looking down upon everything. Even those primordial humans, who were personally created by the True Gods, had to gaze up at them.

“Don’t tell me she is still alive?” Ye Qingtang narrowed her eyes. The sight of that woman in the mystic realm was a very bizarre occurrence. She didn’t leave a single trace behind after she disappeared either. And that singing voice was enough to mesmerize the entire mystic realm.

But...

Ye Qingtang clearly remembered people from the Second Domain saying that all the True Gods had perished in the battle with the Heavenly Demons.

Was she the only exception?

There were too many questions in her mind. Now the scene before her had morphed into the forest outside the temple.

The Scorched Hot Lands that Ye Qingtang was now seeing was totally different from before where all she could observe was oozing lava. The scene before her now was full of luscious greenery and colorful flowers. It was a beauteous scene of resplendence.

Could this be how the Scorched Hot Lands originally looked like tens of thousands of years ago?

Ye Qingtang instinctively turned to look at the dilapidated temple. In the illusion, it had recovered its former glory, exuding a halo of holy light. Under the glow of that holy power, everything that surrounded that temple was vibrant and full of life.

It was completely different from the harsh cold and cruel heat that Ye Qingtang had experienced.

Just as Ye Qingtang was gazing at the once-again glorious temple, that woman with the wonderful voice suddenly stopped.

Ye Qingtang instinctively looked beyond her.

Standing before a field of blooming flowers, the humming lady’s face was full of shock.

Lying amidst the blossoms was a tall, strapping pitch-black figure.

Was that a Heavenly Demon?!

Ye Qingtang was stunned.

This mystic realm was meant to imprison the Heavenly Demons and it was not strange to find one here. But...