Chapter 1814: Betrayal (1)

Ye Qingtang felt like her own world was collapsing...

A True God and a Heavenly Demon... in love?

Not only that... This True God was even willing to give up her True God status and remain here with that Heavenly Demon?!

Ye Qingtang had spent her previous life struggling to survive, and never had time to experience love. Meanwhile in this life, she had concentrated on getting stronger so that what happened in her previous life wouldn’t happen again.

She was completely unable to understand the kind of intense feelings that could lead to this scenario.

It was as if one could give up everything in the world for the sake of love.

Ye Qingtang’s eyes took on a profound glint.

The Shining God wanted the woman to leave. He probably already discovered her relationship with that Heavenly Demon.

How could a True God tolerate one of his own kind romancing a Heavenly Demon?

It was an absolute taboo!

Ye Qingtang would never have believed that something like that could happen if she hadn’t seen it with her own two eyes.

Even more startling to Ye Qingtang was the fact that...

The woman was willing to give up her status as a True God just to be with a Heavenly Demon.

The woman didn’t speak again and Ye Qingtang couldn’t hear the voice of the Heavenly Demon. She didn’t know if he was speaking

Time passed by slowly and the two of them just stood quietly by the river.

Until the woman started humming that familiar tune again, while still leaning against the back of that Heavenly Demon. But this time, this tune no longer sounded carefree or blissful. Instead, it was filled with pain and sadness...

After a long time, day turned into night and the woman’s voice had turned raspy.

She said she would never leave him.

She said she would try her best to stay here.

She knew it was impossible for him to leave this place. Like all the other Heavenly Demons here, he was imprisoned and unable to ever escape. But she was willing to remain here forever and accompany him until the end of time.

Ye Qingtang watched the scene before her, while her heart was filled with conflict and confusion.

Love was a very unfamiliar feeling to her. Humans have always composed songs that touted the purity of love, but to Ye Qingtang, it was just a fool’s dream. Something completely impractical.

Ye Qingtang suddenly thought of whether there would come a day when she would meet someone who could make her act so selflessly. To give up everything for him.

Would that person sacrifice the same for her?

It would be a very precious and very rare occurrence.

The woman’s singing voice seemed to possess a kind of magic. It could stir Ye Qingtang’s heartstrings. Ye Qingtang was still deep in thought when that singing voice suddenly stopped.

The two figures were still embraced together when they were startled by a clap of thunder.

The stern face of the Shining God appeared in mid-air. Glowing all over, those eyes were sharp as a knife and directed straight at the woman and the Heavenly Demon. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

In the next second, a streak of lightning shot out from his hand, aimed straight at the Heavenly Demon’s back.

“Shining God!” The woman widened her eyes in shock as she raised her hand to catch that bolt of lightning.

“The Heavenly Demon is already being oppressed in this mystic realm. You will kill him if you do this!” the woman rebuked coldly.

The Shining God did not care. Thunder rolled and countless lightning bolts lit up the sky. Although the Shining God was speaking, Ye Qingtang couldn’t hear his voice.

She only saw the woman’s face turn increasingly solemn. In the end... after giving the Heavenly Demon’s hand a tight squeeze, the woman gritted her teeth and flew up into the air to stand beside the Shining God.

Just as the woman flew up in the sky, a bolt of lightning struck downward and pierced through the Heavenly Demon’s shoulder.