Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1816: Betrayal (3)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

As the battle raged on, the woman suddenly appeared. She counterattacked and forced those primordial humans to back off, before carrying the injured Shining God with her as she escaped.

This time, Ye Qingtang wasn’t pulled along with the woman. She remained standing in the temple, watching the primordial humans massacre the temple guards. She watched as those tall, strapping Heavenly Demons flew into the temple and exchanged looks with those humans. They seemed to be looking for something. Something that could help them escape the mystic realm.

But they couldn’t find anything even after searching for a long time.

They pursued after the woman and the Shining God. The thing they were seeking must be in their hands.

Ye Qingtang was led along with them.

The dizzying transition forced Ye Qingtang to spend some time recovering to get her bearings again.

It was then she saw the woman, who was covered in injuries. The Shining God was also there, in the final throes of death.

They were surrounded by a group of Heavenly Demons and primordial humans. The woman was fighting back with all her might but was unable to turn the tables.

“Shining God, you must hold on. I already sent a signal to the other True Gods. They will be arriving soon!” The woman stood steadfastly in front of the Shining God, not allowing anyone to harm him further.

The key that kept the Heavenly Demons imprisoned in this mystic realm was sealed within the Shining God. The key would appear the moment the Shining God died. The Heavenly Demons would be able escape from this realm once they obtained the key.

Only a True God knew of this.

“No... it can’t be him. I never told him about this. Shining God, believe me...” The Shining God had his own conjectures about how this information had leaked. But the woman refused to believe it was true.

With the Heavenly Demons and primordial humans working together, the woman was unable to hold on much longer. Even up until the very last moment before she died, the woman was still trying her best to protect the Shining God.

But at that final moment right in front of her eyes, the Shining God died from an attack by the leader of the primordial humans. The leader dug out the key from the Shining God’s body and personally handed it over to the Heavenly Demon... Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

A frown marred Ye Qingtang’s expression. She was feeling very distressed by the scene before her.

The primordial humans really did betray the True Gods and chose to release the Heavenly Demons.

Ye Qingtang thought everything had come to an end. But right after she saw the woman’s body lose its glow, an illusory spectral suddenly rose from her flesh.

“Isn’t this... This is a... divine consciousness...” Ye Qingtang gazed at the woman’s divine consciousness in amazement. Only one who had died with a very strong sense of unfulfillment would leave behind a divine consciousness...

Before Ye Qingtang could think more about it. The woman’s divine consciousness flew away and Ye Qingtang was pulled along with it.

Since the Heavenly Demons had obtained the key, they immediately returned to the temple to break the seal. The moment the seal was broken, every Heavenly Demon howled into the sky in ecstasy.

They had waited so very, very long for this day.

Demon auras surged, engulfing everything in a cacophony of raucous cheers and jubilation.

Countless holy light shot down from the sky!

Having received the signal, the True Gods had hurried over immediately. But it was all too late.

The Heavenly Demons had recovered their full powers and vented their long-suppressed anger on the approaching True Gods. Not all the True Gods managed to hurry over at the same time, and they were outnumbered by the entire population of Heavenly Demons trapped within.

In the blink of an eye, the entire mystic realm descended into an epic war between the Gods and the Demons.