Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1817: Right And Wrong (1)

In front of her eyes, Ye Qingtang personally witnessed the brutal war between the Gods and the Demons. Beams of light flashed across the sky continuously, as day and night merged into one.

The Heavenly Demons and the primordial humans had joined forces, while the True Gods were tired out after having rushed to the mystic realm. The True Gods started to lose and an increasing number fell dead on the ground.

Those primordial humans, who had been created by the True Gods and used to worship them, had now become the allies of the Heavenly Demons. As blood rained down on the battlefield, the primordial humans killed their creators.

Ye Qingtang looked at the divine consciousness of that woman as it drifted over the battlefield. Her expression changed from shock to despair.

She watched on as her own people died in front of her eyes. Slaughtered by the Heavenly Demons and those primordial humans whom they had created with their own hands.

No one could imagine that those primordial humans, who had worshipped the True Gods so ardently, would one day choose to betray them...

The woman’s eyes filled with a heart-wrenching bitterness and pain. As more and more True Gods fell dead, the pain in her eyes was replaced by rage and hatred. She had personally witnessed the awe and respect in the eyes of those primordial humans as they regarded the True God. But these very same primordial humans had betrayed them...

Suddenly, a Heavenly Demon appeared before the woman. The shock on her face when she saw him was palpable.

The tall, strapping figure whom she had once relied upon was now standing in the middle of the battlefield, slaughtering the True Gods alongside his own brethren. As he stood amidst the ground filled with the fallen dead bodies of the True Gods, that tall figure was exceptionally eye-catching.

“Why... are you here... you promised me...” The woman stared in disbelief at that familiar Heavenly Demon, her lover.

The one whom she was willing to give up her status as a True God for... For him she was willing to stay by his side—he was now stepping amongst the dead bodies of her people, as malevolent as the other Heavenly Demons.

It was as if the final lifeline the woman had been clinging onto had snapped. She watched everything with a numb expression. As a divine consciousness, she was completely unable to do anything to those Heavenly Demons...

She could only watch on as those Heavenly Demons flew out of the mystic realm. The ground was filled with the dead bodies of the True Gods. Meanwhile, those primordial humans had also left the area after their victory.

No one knew what that woman was thinking about. As time passed, her divine consciousness became increasingly faint. She instinctively headed toward the temple, which had been completely destroyed in the battle. This devastated building would never regain its former glory. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Ye Qingtang followed behind that woman, watching her figure grow increasingly faint. She watched on as the woman entered the underground hall of the temple, passing through those huge doors.

Almost unconsciously, Ye Qingtang found herself drawn toward the doors, but the moment she came close, everything started spinning around her. By the time she opened her eyes, she was once again looking at the temple in its current state.

That familiar singing voice continued to echo outside the temple. Lava continued to flow down from the sky and flood the great earth.

Ye Qingtang recovered her senses and saw Little White Tiger and Little Heavenly Demon observing her curiously. It was only then that she realized the illusion had finally ended.

“What happened to you?” Little White Tiger asked as it looked at Ye Qingtang’s strange expression.