Chapter 1827: Unexpected Surprise (2)

But the white flames were consumed by the Fire Demons the moment they touched them, and the demons seemed to grow bigger as well.

What in the world?!

Little White Tiger was speechless.

“Are you sure you’re not a spy sent by them?” Ye Qingtang hissed as she glared at Little White Tiger. The little white tiger grimaced and hung its head in remorse.

“Accident... it was an accident...”

How was it supposed to know that the Fire Demon was going to swallow its flames?

“Shoo.” With that, Ye Qingtang kicked Little White Tiger to one side.

As long as the rain of fire stopped, the flames around them wouldn’t be able to be sustained as well. It was only then that she would have an opportunity to kill the Fire Demons.

Before long, the three mutant Fire Demons shrank as they lost their source of fire and their flames were consumed rapidly by Ye Qingtang. They had noticed this as well, and suddenly stopped their barrage of flame attacks and rushed towards Ye Qingtang in a frenzy.

Ye Qingtang dared not go close to them and swiftly flew upwards as the Fire Demons lunged for her. Even as she flew upwards, the black flames in her hands continued their attack on them.

The black flames with glowing gold lights showed no signs of being engulfed as it hit the Fire Demons and swallowed their flames, devouring their power and sapping away at their strength.

As the Fire Demons were devoured by her, Ye Qingtang felt her power grow. She Ye Qingtang flew further and further from them as her black flames continued drawing the power from the Fire Demons.

It was a long ordeal, but as time passed, the five meter tall Fire Demons were slowly whittled down to about two meters. Likewise, the flames around them had died down greatly as well.

Ye Qingtang was about to use this opportunity to absorb them completely when she suddenly realized something.

There were human-like figures among the fading flames.

Were those humans in the Fire Demons’ bodies? Ye Qingtang was stunned and quickly controlled the black flames around the Fire Demons. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

It was only after absorbing all of the flames in the Fire Demons that Ye Qingtang was able to see them clearly.

There were three people in the three mutant Fire Demons!

Furthermore...

Ye Qingtang recognized all three of them.

She quickly withdrew her black flames and landed beside the three humans.

The three of them who had their eyes tightly shut, collapsed right in front of Ye Qingtang. Their clothes had been completely scorched by the flames of the Fire Demons and they were left with not an inch of clothing on their bodies.

Ye Qingtang’s gaze swept across the three of them.

All three of them had entered the mystic realm with Ye Qingtang. Baili Xi, Mu Feiruo and... Jiang Shaobai.

Her lips began to twitch as she looked at them.

They had absolutely nothing covering them and everything that shouldn’t be seen was out in the open. Ye Qingtang could see every part of them clearly.

Despite looking slender and graceful, Baili Xi was actually pretty muscular.

As for Mu Feiruo....flat-chested with clear abdominal muscles....and...

F*ck, Mu Feiruo was male?

A man?

But the one who surprised Ye Qingtang the most was Jiang Shaobai.

Haha...

She was going to kill this cross-dressing guy!

What did he say about being underdeveloped? It was all lies!

Ye Qingtang was immediately assaulted by the sight in front of her.

The two girls and one man she had thought was with her had suddenly turned into three men right in front of her eyes...