Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1829: Cemetery of the True Gods (1)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Ye Qingtang gave Little White Tiger a look, and didn’t bother continuing the conversation.

The rain of fire and flames covering the earth had all vanished following the dispersion of the Fire Demons and the intense heat that had scorched into the ground was the only thing left of the flames.

The key’s protection was the only reason they weren’t being roasted by the heat as they walked upon the smouldering ground. There was even more magma covering the ground now, dyeing the entire earth a pulsing, flaming red. The dark red magma spread across the ground like the huge web of a spider.

As they ventured forward, Little White Tiger scanned the endless earth as it followed behind Ye Qingtang with the three people on its back.

“How much further is it to the Cemetery of the True Gods? If we meet with another incarnation of the Cursed True God before we get there, we won’t even have a place to hide.”

There were still the corpses of the True Gods around them previously but the further they went the more barren the land became.

The entire earth had been scorched black by the flames from the sky. Countless bodies of the monsters lay on the ground. Once so huge they were towering in the sky above them, they had now been reduced to ashes which scattered around them as the wind blew.

Ye Qingtang had already realized upon entering the Scorched Hot Lands that there were virtually no live forms here at all. She had understood why after seeing the intensity of the flames herself.

How was it possible for anything to even survive among the magma?

They had probably all become spirits to be controlled like the Fire Demons.

While it was barren where they were, it was also safer compared to before. Ye Qingtang just had to keep an eye out for the Cursed True God.

On the other hand, Little Heavenly Demon looked extremely pitiful. Unable to hunt and curb its increasing hunger, it could only nestle in Ye Qingtang’s arms and chew on the portions of dried meat.

Now that it had a taste of the divine flavors of fresh meat when scorched under Ye Qingtang’s black fire, the dried meat obviously couldn’t satisfy it after it at all.

Its starving eyes kept drifting over to Little White Tiger and the three people on its back, so hungry it was practically salivating.

All it wanted was one bite...

Just one bite...

Ye Qingtang grimaced when saw what the Little Heavenly Demon was looking at. How could she not understand the insatiable look of starvation in its eyes!

Even though she wasn’t close to Baili Xi and Mu Feiruo, there was no way she could roast them and offer them to Little Heavenly Demon just to satisfy its hunger. So she could only hug the Little Heavenly Demon tightly so it couldn’t pounce on them.

Day after day went by. Days had morphed into months until Ye Qingtang had no idea how long she had been walking in the Scorched Hot Lands.

The heat around them remained just as intense, as though it was trying to suck every drop of fluid from their body. There wasn’t a drop of water or a morsel of food here, and she hadn’t seen a single living thing the entire time. It would have been difficult for them to even survive if Ye Qingtang hadn’t stored food and water with her back from when she was in the valley of demons.

Just as Ye Qingtang was about to faint from the intense heat, a cool breeze blew towards them. It dissipated the heat around Ye Qingtang immediately, clearing her fuzzy mind in an instant.

Raising her head subconsciously, she looked towards the direction of the wind.

But she was stunned by the sight that greeted her. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Just a few hundred meters away, countless skeletons reached towards the sky. With the bones stacked against each other, it formed a creepy, embattlement that sent a shiver up their spine.