Chapter 187: Returning to the Sect (4)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

The disciples became even more curious after seeing the warden’s expression and looked towards that cloth bag. Once they saw the bloody head, they were all dumbfounded.

What kind of mission needed her to hand in a head?

Other than the Assassination Roll, they really could not think of anything else.

However…

Looking at the young face of the new disciple, there was no way they would believe that such a new and young girl could behead anyone on the Assassination Roll.

However…

“Did… you kill him?” The warden’s eyes were slightly shocked as he looked at the beautiful girl in front of him.

Ye Qingtang beamed, “I did not notice how much the reward is for him. I’ll have to trouble senior to give me some guidance.”

Upon listening to her words, the warden accepted that the head was chopped off by Ye Qingtang. His eyes softened and said after pausing a while, “Three hundred and seventy-six Xuanming points.”

Three hundred and seventy-six?!

The curious outer sect disciples’ jaws dropped upon hearing the warden’s words.

A head could be exchanged for over three hundred Xuanming points?

Other than a villain on the Assassination Roll, whose head would be worth so much?!

Ye Qingtang was very calm though. She knew that Wu Qi’s name was not too big, and, thus, it was worth less than other priceless heads on the roll. But over three hundred points plus the sixty plus points from Gu Yanqiu made a total of over four hundred Xuanming points, which was already enough for her to spend freely!

“Please help me exchange for the points then, senior.” Ye Qingtang lifted her hand with a smile, and her eyes glistened as she watched huge quantities of Xuanming points being slid onto her bracelet.

This scene made all the surrounding disciples stare wide-eyed with their mouths open as they suspected if they saw wrongly until they recognized the human head…

“That head… seems to be Wu Qi’s?” Someone mumbled.

And this fell into everyone’s ears.

In a moment, everyone looked at Ye Qingtang was as though they were looking at a monster.

Was this a joke?

A new disciple could actually chop off Wu Qi’s head?!

Had they gone crazy or had the world gone crazy?!

Ye Qingtang did not bother with their reactions. After all the Xuanming points reached her hand, she thanked the warden and left the Rewards Pavilion with a bright smile.

The warden looked at that head placed on the table with complicated feelings. After storing the head away, he wrote a few words on the file beside.

[Ye Qingtang beheaded Wu Qi]

After he was done writing, he felt that something was wrong and immediately found an assistant to send this file out.

If he did not remember wrongly, Ye Qingtang should be a disciple who just entered this month. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Such results in just half a month. This disciple… is not simple…

Apart from providing rewarded missions for disciples, one could find out other disciples’ skills according to the completion status of the mission and, thus, discover talented disciples.

Informing this news to the outer sect elders was appropriate.

On the other hand, Ye Qingtang, who obtained Xuanming points, did not know what kind of trouble would come her way after picking up this head.

At this instant, Ye Qingtang was already at the door of the physician warden in the outer sect and directly invited him into her dorm!

Anything could be put on wait temporarily right now. Wakening her precious wolf was then the most important thing!