Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1893: Breakthrough (2)

Those tiny dots of light increased exponentially until it looked like a star-strewn night sky. Ye Qingtang stood in the center, wanting to move but found herself unable to. All she could do was to stare on dumbly as those dots of light shot toward her. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

In the blink of an eye, those lights surged into her body, until she felt like she was about to burst open. Beads of cold sweat broke out all over her, as well as a bone-crushing pain. The pain was excruciating, as if she was torn apart, then smashed into pieces at the same time.

Was she going to die like this?

But just as she was enduring the torment, a faint blue light suddenly appeared in the darkness.

That blue light was like a stream of pure spring water. It enveloped Ye Qingtang and controlled her absorption of those orange lights so that it was more bearable.

How could this be?

Ye Qingtang was very confused. She could vaguely feel that those orange lights were similar to the power of those spirit stones she had previously absorbed. But during that time in the mystic realm, she had only felt her strength increase. There were no other effects.

How did this power, which originated from those fat catfish, suddenly become so intense once she left the mystic realm?

Mu Feiruo and the rest didn’t know that the power held by those spirit stones could be used for cultivation. As a result, they didn’t forewarn Ye Qingtang that powers gleaned from the Immortal Footsteps Mystic Realm were in a suppressed form.

The true magnitude of the powers would be activated the moment one left the mystic realm.

Ye Qingtang had absorbed several thousand spirit stones while in the Immortal Footsteps Mystic Realm. The power held by those stones was astronomical. It was not something that Ye Qingtang could completely absorb and convert.

If not for the Deity Ocean inside Ye Qingtang, which detected the abnormal activity and was trying to help her convert the energy, Ye Qingtang’s body would probably have already exploded from the tremendous force generated within her!

After being demonized, the powers of the fat catfish in the Immortal Footsteps Mystic Realm were at least at the Paragon level. And those spirit stones embodied the powers of those catfish. As Ye Qingtang had absorbed the powers of countless fat catfish—it was a wonder she didn’t burst to death.

Even with the Deity Ocean’s help, Ye Qingtang still felt like dying from the burgeoning power. She felt like every single cell in her body was being torn apart and reformed over and over again. The pain completely overwhelmed her.

Ye Qingtang was tormented for a long time within the darkness. Her consciousness gradually submerged itself into the Deity Ocean.

Meanwhile on the outside, Jiang Shaobai gazed anxiously at Ye Qingtang, who was lying in bed and glowing with an orange light.

The light seemed to radiate from within Ye Qingtang. Pulsating in waves, it was like she was harboring a mini sun inside her body.

For several consecutive days, Ye Qingtang showed no signs of waking up. Instead, the orange glow seemed to grow even more intense.

Baili Xi and Mu Feiruo came to visit many times but didn’t see any signs of Ye Qingtang awakening. It had been several days since they came out of the Immortal Footsteps Mystic Realm, and it was time for them to return to their clan. They had no choice but to bid farewell to Jiang Shaobai and Ye Qingtang, and leave the island first.

All the while, Jiang Shaobai sat by Ye Qingtang’s beside, his face pale and grim. A powerful light suddenly burst out from Ye Qingtang’s body, such that Jiang Shaobai was nearly knocked onto the ground. He felt like a huge rock was pinning him to the floor.

He quickly activated his own energy to shield against that powerful light.

Even then Ye Qingtang still showed no signs of awakening. But her aura suddenly increased exponentially!

She had just experienced a breakthrough...

Jiang Shaobai widened his eyes. If not for the fact that he was witnessing it with his very own eyes, he would not have believed that Ye Qingtang could have had a breakthrough while unconscious.