Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 192: Dragon Court (1)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Although it was in the afternoon, the Dragon Court was already bustling with activity.

In the Dragon Court that had been independently drawn out, pieces of cloth were laid on the floor, and items to be sold were placed on them, forming a simple stall. Many disciples would come here to earn some Xuanming points. After all, Xuanming points were precious to anyone.

Ye Qingtang entered the Dragon Court and was attracted by the bustling scene.

In her previous life, she visited the Dragon Court many times as well, but then, she did not have enough Xuanming points to use in the Dragon Court as she was not powerful enough. Even if she occasionally saw things she liked, she could only walk away quietly. Then, the only reason she came to the Dragon Court was to sell the items she obtained when she was out on missions.

And most of the disciples selling items were like her in her previous life.

Those like Gu Yanqiu and Qin Huan would never sell items in the Dragon Court, but they would keep useful goods for themselves. Moreover, they had enough Xuanming points for their day-to-day spending and would never release good items for sale. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Only disciples who had no way of earning Xuanming points would be here to sell goods.

Ye Qingtang’s eyes swept across her surroundings with emotions different from before.

There were still quite a number of treasures in the Dragon Court. All disciples had different targets on their missions, and, thus, there were a wide variety of things they got. As long as one had good judgment, there was no problem in obtaining good things from here.

Ye Qingtang passed by a few stalls and looked at the items displayed at the stalls. Although they were pretty good, they were not what she needed.

In the entire Dragon Court, elixirs refined by the Herbal Faction disciples were the most popular.

In Xuanling Sect, the number of Xuanming points required for elixirs was extremely high. Just using the Xi Spirit Pills that Ye Qingtang and the rest just received as an example, normal disciples were most probably unable to earn enough Xuanming points to exchange for two bottles of it. Other elixirs were very pricey as well, and slightly better elixirs were even more expensive.

Under such circumstances, the use of the Herbal Faction disciples was revealed.

There were a total of four factions in Xuanling Sect, and the main faction was the Sword Faction. All the disciples needed to cultivate swordplay, and not everyone could be involved in the other three factions. Approval from each faction’s elder would be needed for them to step into other factions.

Thus, to obtain cheaper elixirs, they could only buy them from the Herbal Faction disciples.

On the other hand, Herbal Faction disciples were happy to take these elixirs that they cultivated out to sell. After all, they refined elixirs on usual days, and the number of elixirs they accumulated was not a small one.

However…

These outer sect Herbal Faction disciples’ refinement skills were not high. It was simply impossible for elixirs made by them to have the best effects, and they could only be considered a half-completed product at best.

But even such half-completed products were way better than those elixirs circulating outside the sect and thus were well-received by other disciples.

Ye Qingtang had not walked much in the Dragon Court and already saw many stalls selling elixirs. Disciples with a Herbal Faction badge in front of their chests had already set displaying the elixirs and were waiting for business.

However…

Ye Qingtang was not too interested in these elixirs and walked past those Herbal Faction disciples’ stalls after taking a quick glance. Right after, she saw a lonely figure kneeling at one side as he looked at the pile of “junk” displayed before him with a distressed look on his face.