Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1927: The Eight Tribe Leaders (3)

It was no wonder... that no one had taken Ming Di’s side all the years since it had been sealed.

That’s right!

Just as Ye Qingtang was struck speechless by Ming Di, the eight tribe leaders had already rushed over after hearing the news.

They didn’t understand why the Holy Lord didn’t want to meet them at the grand hall and instead chose to have them come all the way to the underground palace.

All of them turned pale as the doors of the underground palace were pushed open.

“Ming... Di?”

The eight tribe leaders looked at the huge dragon beside Ye Qingtang as their faces filled with awe and surprise.

Ming Di.

The Holy Lord of Shadows’s steed.

Having followed the Holy Lord of Shadows for so many years, they knew all too well about Ming Di’s infamous reputation. But never in a million years would they have imagined that the sealed Ming Di would be released so suddenly.

This went far beyond their imagination.

The eight tribe leaders who had gone there to test the Holy Lord of Shadows were all of a sudden stunned.

They were met with the sight of Ye Qingtang leaning lazily on Ming Di’s head as her gaze swept lightly across the eight tribe leaders. A chill spread through the eight tribe leaders’ bones as Ming Di threw them an unsavory glance.

They all subconsciously looked at Ming Wang, who was standing at the side. They wanted nothing more than to kill him right then.

Why did he not inform them that Ming Di had been released?

Ming Di’s terrifying reputation was known not only in the Central Mainland but also in the Temple of Shadows. The Holy Lord of Shadows was known for her power and wisdom but Ming Di was known for its cruelty.

Even the members of the Temple of Shadows would be reduced to ashes if they upset Ming Di. It didn’t care for anyone else other than the Holy Lord of Shadows.

And what made it worse was that...

Ming Di was the only one in the entire Temple of Shadows which came close to the Holy Lord of Shadows’s power. It could easily crush the eight tribe leaders in the blink of an eye.

“Greetings, Holy Lord, Ming Di.” The demon tribe leader quickly regained his wits and greeted them.

The demon tribe leader’s gaze towards Ye Qingtang and Ming Di was filled with horror and respect.

All their suspicions towards Ye Qingtang’s identity had instantly vanished on seeing Ming Di.

After all, the Holy Lord of Shadows was the one who had personally sealed Ming Di away all those years today. Who else could undo the seal?

Furthermore...

Who else would dare stand on Ming Di’s head if not the Holy Lord of Shadows?

Their suspicions all vanished into thin air as they stood before Ming Di. The other tribe leaders all quickly came to their senses as they heard the demon tribe leader’s greetings and all suppressed their fear to greet them politely.

They could still afford to relax a little in front of the Holy Lord, but in front of Ming Di...

God knows when they would say something wrong and be vanquished by this powerful dragon.

Ye Qingtang breathed a sigh of relief as she saw the last of their suspicion vanish as they stood before Ming Di.

Who knew that Ming Di would have this kind of an effect as well.

However...

Ye Qingtang looked at the reactions of the eight tribe leaders. They were filled with awe and unease.

What exactly had Ming Di done in the Temple of Shadows? Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

How was it scaring the eight tribe leaders so badly?

She couldn’t help but think of how Ming Wang wanted to devour Ming Wang and Ming Gu...