Chapter 1954: Old Acquaintance (4)

“What’s going on? What kind of monster is that?” The ancient clan folks were shocked. They could still see what was going on in Ming Di’s earlier fights. But for this one, they could not even catch a glimpse of Ming Di and that Ancient You Clan monster. They could only feel shockwaves surging toward them.

Ye Qingtang had focused all her energy into her eyes, but was still unable to keep up with the speed of the fight.

Just as the battle waged on, an earth-shattering boom sounded and two black figures flew straight up into the sky. Up in the air, a dazzling light burst out, blinding everyone.

In the very next second, the two black figures parted, each standing on one side as they floated in the air. At this point, everyone finally managed to see the two figures more clearly.

The massive Ming Di covered the sky, its huge wings spread across the air. But now there was a large wound on Ming Di’s body n. The wound was not deep but it was still a major blow to everyone below.

What was going on?

The Ancient You Clan monster had been able to injure Ming Di?

Was this some kind of joke?!

Everyone immediately turned toward the black figure who managed to injure Ming Di.

The crowd was stunned by the sight.

Floating up in the air, a young child who looked to be only five or six years old was standing opposite Ming Di.

The child was petite with an exceptionally exquisite little face. But those eyes looked like two emotionless pits, staring steadfastly at the aggressively ferocious Ming Di. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

“That... that’s just a kid?” The ancient clan folks widened their eyes in disbelief.

Those earlier youths had already been powerful beyond their imaginations.

But...

This figure, who was even more powerful than Ming Di, was just a little kid!

Everyone was dazed. No one noticed that Ye Qingtang had given a violent tremble the moment the kid appeared.

“Little... Luo Xue?!” Ye Qingtang widened her eyes in shock.

The petite figure floating in mid-air was Little Luo Xue, who had been born together with Little You Yun in First Mainland back then.

That year, the Ancient You Clan had gone on a killing spree across the First Mainland. Ye Qingtang had died fighting and failed to get Little You Yun back. Little Luo Xue, who had been with Little You Yun, had also been taken away by the Ancient You Clan.

Ye Qingtang had come to Central Mainland to get Little You Yun and Little Luo Xue back, so that she could save all life on First Mainland.

But she never dreamed that she would see Little Luo Xue under such circumstances.

Having been apart for so long, Little Luo Xue no longer looked familiar to Ye Qingtang. It was still that same face but Little Luo Xue seemed to have grown up somewhat.

The thing that felt the most unfamiliar were Little Luo Xue’s eyes. There were no traces of warmth or emotion inside them. It was like all emotion had been cut out of Little Luo Xue...

How could this be?

Ye Qingtang frowned deeply as she gazed at the floating Little Luo Xue.

What did the Ancient You Clan do to Little Luo Xue?

How did Little Luo Xue become like this?

A surge of anger rose in Ye Qingtang’s heart. She still remembered those two little fellows tagging alongside her all day and night when she was in First Mainland.

But now...

Little Luo Xue had turned into this.

Meanwhile, she had no idea where Little You Yun was...

The former Luo Xue Divine King...