Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1988: Netherworld Ring (1)

Was this even real or were they just testing her?

Ye Qingtang didn’t rush to reply. To the people there, it looked as though she was responding with silence.

“Seven days. You have seven days to deliver the Netherworld Ring to the Frost Abyss. If you break your promise, the Crimson League is not going to let it go that easily.” Seeing that Ye Qingtang was choosing to remain silent, the person in black robes spoke up again.

Without saying anything else, he left with Bai Zhi and the other alien race man on the black mist.

Even after they left, Ye Qingtang couldn’t relax. She had thought it strange that the Crimson League was coming to the Temple of Shadows to investigate the Ancient You Clan.

So it turned out...

They had come for this.

But she had no idea how true the matter with the Netherworld Ring was and whether this was the reason the Crimson League was so unhappy with the Temple of Shadows.

“The people from the Crimson League are as flamboyant as usual,” the Demon Tribe leader said once the three of them had left.

“The Crimson League has great jurisdiction after all. Weren’t they the same when our Holy Lord brought us to the First Domain all those years ago? If not for the fact that the Holy Lord had promised to find the Netherworld Ring for them, they would’ve caused so much more trouble for us,” Xue Fu said with a sigh.

Hearing their conversation confirmed the truth of this matter for Ye Qingtang.

But...

Where was she supposed to find the Netherworld Ring?

She was reminded of the Dharma treasures the Holy Lord of Shadows had left behind and decided to look through them carefully once she was back.

The Holy Lord of Shadows had indeed promised to deliver the Netherworld Ring to the Crimson League, but the Crimson League had been preoccupied with some matters in the Second Domain and had not asked the Holy Lord of Shadows for it yet. And once they had finally found their footing, the Holy Lord had vanished.

So the first reason that the Crimson League had removed the Temple of Shadows from the league was the vanishing of their strongest fighter, the Holy Lord of Shadows, and the second was the fact that the Holy Lord had not delivered the Netherworld Ring as she had promised.

Ye Qingtang was about to retire to her room to look for the Netherworld Ring when the Ancient Clan people ran towards her with bitter expressions on their faces.

She saw that many of them were injured. The Crimson League ambassadors had not pulled any punches.

“Holy Lord... the Crimson League...” one of the Ancient Clan Elders looked at her with a difficult expression.

They had thought that the Crimson League was reinforcement that Ye Qingtang had called it but had soon realized that it wasn’t the case. After all, the people from the Central Mainland were nothing to the Crimson League. If not for Xue Fu, they would have all died in the hands of the Crimson League.

“I’ll deal with the Crimson League. All of you just take care of your wounds,” Ye Qingtang said.

The Ancient Clan all sighed with relief as they saw her come forward. They had been afraid that she would kick them out because of the Crimson League.

Their lives would be horrible if she chose to do that.

Under the grateful gazes of the Ancient Clan, Ye Qingtang quickly went back to her room and asked Xue Fu to call Ling Yan immediately.

Xue Fu was lost for words.

Holy Lord, your underlings have no idea how to deal with your sudden thirst for men. To think that the Holy Lord was calling for a man so quickly after seeing the Crimson League. Had she been reminded of the past after seeing Bai Zhi?

But he didn’t say anything and left to find Ling Yan.

Xue Fu paused for a moment at Ling Yan’s door before saying, “Young Master Ling.”Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m