Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1991: Theft (1)

From his high position, Elder Mo’s expression was dark.

Apart from the matter with the Jiang family, the Temple of Shadows had never interfered with the actions of the Ancient You Clan, which was one of the reasons the Ancient You Clan could leave them alone in the meantime.

But the Temple of Shadows had been disturbing this peace recently.

“Other than the Ancient Clans that have sought protection from the Temple of Shadows, how many more are there in the Central Mainland that we have yet to destroy?” Elder Mo asked one of the wardens.

“About seven to eight.”

“And how much more time do we need to find all of them?” he asked.

“About half a month. They are hiding well and we currently only have a few leads on them,” the warden steeled himself and answered.

Elder Mo kept quiet for a moment before saying,

“We have to deal with the Temple of Shadows sooner or later. But we must wipe out the other Ancient Clans first to make sure that they don’t seize the opportunity to escape when we are in battle. Once we have obtained the Spirit of Chaos fragments from those Ancient Clans, the Temple of Shadows will be our next target.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Reluctance showed on the wardens’ faces but they dared not oppose Elder Mo. The Master had tasked the Great Elders with finding the Spirit of Chaos fragments, which meant that they had absolute authority in that regard.

But it was at this moment that one of the elders standing silently in a corner spoke up.

“It’s admirable that Elder Mo is taking into consideration the grand scheme of things. But even if we don’t declare war on the Temple of Shadows, we can’t let them run rampant as well.”

Elder Mo turned to the elder speaking.

The elder walked forward and continued, “If the Temple of Shadows can meddle with our affairs, shouldn’t we do the same for them? I heard that the Temple of Shadows will be transferring a precious Dharma artifact tomorrow. Why not... use this opportunity to retaliate?”

“A Dharma artifact? Which artifact?” Elder Mo asked.

“The Netherworld Ring.”

Elder Mo was stunned for a second. “The Netherworld Ring?”

The Netherworld Ring was a holy artifact and there were few artifacts in the Central Mainland which could match it. According to legend, the Netherworld Ring had been left behind by a Heavenly Demon. Many people had expended great effort to find the ring but it had ultimately landed in the hands of the Temple of Shadows.

“Is this information accurate?” Elder Mo asked.

“This... I’m not sure, but I’ve confirmed that the Temple of Shadows has been preparing manpower and horses, which means that they are preparing to transport something important. I can bring some men over to take a look. If it’s not the Netherworld Ring, we will find another way to slow them down. But if it is indeed the Netherworld Ring, we can strike an even greater blow to them to make sure that we are not at a disadvantage,” the elder said.

Elder Mo contemplated this for a moment.

Now that the influence of the Temple of Shadows was fading, all they had to do to create trouble was to cross the boundary to the Temple of Shadows and start a battle there.

Indeed this was a great opportunity.

“Alright.” Elder Mo agreed. Regardless of whether it was real or not, they would be able to strike a blow.

“You Qiong, if it really is the Netherworld Ring, make sure to bring enough people to take it from them. After that, I will suggest to the Master to let you enter the Mixed Realm so that you can become even more powerful,” said Elder Mo.