Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1994: Truth and Lies (1)

The two wardens had been doubting the information that You Qiong had given them and hadn’t been sure whether the Temple of Shadows was really transporting the Netherworld Ring.

But now, their faces lit up in glee as they held the Netherworld Ring in their hands. They quickly put the Netherworld Ring into their pocket and prepared to take credit for it.

“The Temple of Shadows has suffered a huge loss this time. They must have never even dreamed that the Netherworld Ring would land in our hands,” one of the wardens said proudly.

A guard standing to the side remarked, “We wouldn’t have done it without your wits.”

“Once the Holy Lord of Shadows hears about this, she will be so furious she won’t be able to resist coming to fight us,” a warden said coldly.

You Qiong, who had been ignored all this time, stared at the Dharma treasure-filled cart with doubt in his eyes.

He had originally thought that Ye Qingtang let him leak this information so that they could ambush the Ancient You Clan. He didn’t expect... for them to really steal these items. Even the Netherworld Ring had fallen into the hands of the Ancient You Clan...

He didn’t understand what the Holy Lord of Shadows was thinking of at all. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The group from the Ancient You Clan returned proudly this time, with the two wardens fighting to take credit for everything.

Elder Mo glanced at the Netherworld Ring and the other Dharma treasures with a strange look in his eyes.

“Have you checked all the Dharma treasures properly?” he asked.

“Don’t worry, Elder. We’ve inspected everything carefully and have not found any abnormalities. They’re all fine Dharma treasures, but we’ve never seen the Netherworld Ring before. We’ve only seen it in pictures, and have never touched it before...” one of the wardens stepped forward and said.

They were afraid that the Temple of Shadows had tricked them at first but confirmed that the treasures were real after inspecting them.

Elder Mo didn’t trust the wardens that easily and personally went to inspect the Dharma treasure. He came to the same conclusion as them.

Saving the Netherworld Ring for last, he placed it in his hands and felt the coldness from it. His eyes shone with delight.

“Just a touch of the Netherworld Ring will make you feel immensely cold, and not the coldness of temperature, but the coldness of your soul. Try it.”

Upon hearing this, the two wardens walked up one by one to place the ring in their hands.

Somehow, this coldness made them even happier.

They hadn’t touched it at all after obtaining it and had left it in its box all this while.

“Elder Mo, you mean... this Netherworld Ring is real?”

Elder Mo took the ring back from them and nodded.

“That’s right. I will be sure to inform the Master of your efforts tomorrow.”

They had retaliated against the temple of shadows, obtained many Dharma treasures and also gotten their hands on the Netherworld Ring. It was a great victory for the Ancient You Clan.

“Thank you Elder Mo!”

Elder Mo instructed them to put the Dharma treasures into the treasure house and turned his sights on You Qiong.

“You Qiong, you’ve done well this time.”

You Qiong stepped forward and said politely, “It’s my honor to be able to serve my clan.”

Seemingly satisfied with his attitude, Elder Mo gave a slight nod, before he praised him briefly and sent him out.