Chapter 2009: Relentless (1)

“The Clan Leader has already given his orders that we are not to get into a conflict with the Crimson League at this time. Elder Mo, you must deal with this and make sure that we do not show any hostility to them. We have to get on their good side no matter what,” one of the clan elders said.

Elder Mo knew how important this was and had no choice but to accept it. His expression was ugly as he left the main hall.

But he had no choice but to deal with the situation personally since the Clan Leader had given his orders.

“Find out where the Crimson League ambassadors are at once.”

The information he sought got back to him almost immediately but only served to darken his expression further.

The three alien race ambassadors had now already moved from the Frost Abyss to the Temple of Shadows.

“Elder Mo, I am to blame for a huge part of the issue with the Netherworld Ring. Please let me deal with it,” You Qiong, who had been following Elder Mo all this while, saw his dark expression and quickly volunteered himself.

Go to the Temple of Shadows and beg the Crimson League for peace?

Elder Mo would sooner die than do that. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Elder Mo was still unhappy with You Qiong because of the matter with the Netherworld Ring. The only reason he was still keeping him by his side was so that he could use him as a shield when the Clan Leader started questioning them.

So his heart leaped with joy as he heard You Qiong speak up.

Patting You Qiong’s shoulder, he said, “You Qiong, it’s rare for you to be so enthusiastic. I’ll appoint you to be a warden from today onwards. Take some Dharma treasures tomorrow and head over to the Temple of Shadows to make amends with the Crimson League.”

You Qiong nodded with an expression of unwavering loyalty. But as Elder Mo left, a slyness flashed across his face.

...

Early the next morning, warden You Qiong brought a troop of Ancient You Clan people on horses and headed towards the Temple of Shadows. The Ancient Clan people in the Temple of Shadows were all taken aback as they saw the approaching Ancient You Clan.

They had all thought that the Ancient You Clan would be declaring a war on the Temple of Shadows but it didn’t look like it.

Not at all.

In fact, they had come with carts laden with gifts.

What was going on?

Confusion was mirrored across all of their faces.

The Ancient You Clan stopped outside the entrance of the Temple of Shadows and handed a letter over. As Ye Qingtang knew that they were there for the Crimson League, she merely passed the letter on to the three ambassadors.

A smile flashed past her face as she spotted Elder Mo among the Ancient You Clan people after letting them in. The three alien race ambassadors in black robes stared at You Qiong as he entered the main hall.

There were several guards following behind him. They were all confused as they knew nothing about the Crimson League and only knew that they had to follow You Qiong’s instructions.

The Ancient You Clan didn’t have anything to put out the fire that they had right now hence had kept the situation with the Crimson League only within the high ranks.

As You Qiong stood in the main hall, his gaze swept across the place. His eyes flashed briefly as he saw Ye Qingtang above him before turning to glance at Bai Zhi.

“You’re here to see the three ambassadors?” she asked.

He nodded and sighed under his breath. Just as Bai Zhi thought that the Ancient You Clan was finally fearing them and was here to beg for mercy, he raised his chin and said haughtily,

“I came today on the behalf of the Ancient You Clan Leader to greet the three ambassadors from the Crimson League.”