Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2016: The Powerful Bullying the Weak

The lizard-like demon licked his lips.

“Don’t push it. We have to bring these cubs back to the Ancient You Clan, otherwise, they’re going to blame us if any of the cubs die.”

The soldier let go reluctantly but his gaze remained fierce. The soldiers and horses rushed towards the snow mountain quickly.

In the cave at the bottom of the mountain, close to ten adult demons were pushing the demon cubs into the cave. Many of them were injured, with blood streaming down their bodies but they gave no heed to it.

They only had one thing on their mind.

They had to send these cubs somewhere safe or... the Northland Demon Tribe was going to be wiped out.

“Mom... I’m afraid...” a rabbit demon with long ears and a small tail had just learned to shape-shift, but he couldn’t have been more than three or four.

Blinking its red eyes, it grabbed its mother’s sleeve fearfully, ears drooping in worry. The mother rabbit demon hugged her child tightly and comforted it.

What it didn’t know was where it couldn’t see, there was a huge, gaping wound on her back, deep enough that it went down to her bone.

“Be a good cub and follow your uncles in. I will be right behind you, alright?” The mother rabbit demon bore with the immense pain as she gazed longingly at her child.

The little rabbit demon nodded timidly as it was handed over to the other adult demons.

“Please take care of him for me.” The mother rabbit demon looked at her comrades and nodded weakly, but determination shone in her eyes.

Apart from her, many injured adult demons were handing their children over to their comrades as well, as they stood at the entrance looking at them go deeper into the cave.

The Northland had been invaded. They were all injured and would die soon. There were demons among the enemy as well and they would soon pick up their scent and rush over, which meant that some of them had to stay back to buy the rest of them time.

The little rabbit demon hugged his long ears as he followed the other demon cubs into the cave under the protection of the other adult demons. He turned back to take another look at his mother but could no longer see her.

“Uncle tiger, when... will mom follow us?” he patted the tiger-demon beside him.

The tiger demon pulled him into his arms and said, “Soon.”

All of a sudden, the strong stench of blood rushed in from behind them, along with the biting cold wind.

It was the smell of fresh blood.

Countless roars came from behind them and the tiger demon froze. He hugged the little rabbit demon who wanted to look up even tighter in his arms and quickened his pace.

“Uncle tiger?”

“Just sleep. You’ll see her after you wake up,” the tiger demon coaxed. The other adult demons had all lowered their gazes.

The entrance of the cave was littered with countless demon bodies on its ice-cold ground.

A soldier pulled his sword out of a demon but a furry paw quickly wrapped around his leg, refusing to let go.

“Look at this trash. They want to slow us down to buy time for their cubs? They don’t know their strength.” The soldier twisted his lips impatiently as he cut off the paw of the dead demon.Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m