Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2017: The Powerful Bullying the Weak (2)

The lizard demon clan looking on at the side glanced at the wrist of the rabbit demon being cut off and walked on into the cave.

“This cave leads to the other side of the snow mountain.”

... Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The tiger demon and other adult demons who were escaping with the demon cub were traversing through the dark cave, the light at the end gradually getting bigger.

“We can escape along the river as long as we get out of this snow mountain. We’re almost there.”

Hope was right in front of them.

The adult demons rushed out of the snow mountain cave with the demon cubs they were protecting. In front of them, not too far away, was the river that could save them.

But just as they were about to take another step, countess soldiers appeared in front of them.

“Where are you going?” The Eternal Dynasty General sat tall atop his horse and lowered his chin slightly to look at the pathetic Northland Demon Tribe.

The adult demons quickly hid the demon cubs behind them.

“Hand the demon cubs over obediently and I might be able to leave your corpses intact.”

“In your dreams!” the tiger demon roared as he revealed his sharp claws.

“I gave you an easy way out but I guess you would rather suffer.” The general let out a cold laugh, raised his chin and ordered, “Kill every single one of them and make sure you get every single of the cubs.”

With that one order, the Eternal Dynasty soldiers and the demons on the Ancient You Clan’s side all rushed towards them.

Not many remained of the Northland Demon Tribe, there were only a few of them left now. But none of them cowered in the face of the army rushing at them.

“Uncle tiger...” the rabbit demon clutched the tiger demon’s fur in terror.

“Turn around,” he said.

The rabbit demon froze and the other demon cubs stiffened as well. The tiger demon quickly turned them around so that they were back-to-back.

As he was turning them around, one of the demons had already jumped in front of him.

Blood spurted into the air.

The trembling demon cubs could only hear the cold wind whistling past their ears and smell the stench of fresh blood in their noses.

There would be no winning this battle.

But the Northland Demon Tribe refused to give up. They would never hand the cubs over. They would fight till the last drop of blood left in their body.

One by one, the adult demons fell behind the demon cubs they were trying to protect as they breathed their last. The tiger demon’s leg had already been broken by another demon’s jaws and was only attached to him with a few ligaments.

“Uncle tiger!” The rabbit demon had turned around at some point in time. His mind buzzed as he looked at the tiger demon’s injuries, and he quickly ran forward with his arms spread out to protect him.

“Bad... bad people... Don’t you dare hurt Uncle tiger...” He was trembling in fear but stood his ground against the countless enemies in front of him.

“Don’t hurt the cubs. They’re still of use to the Ancient You Clan.” The general looked amusedly at the little rabbit demon and raised his hand for his men to take action.

Seeing the approaching soldiers, the little rabbit demon shut his eyes in fear.

But in the next second, a large bang resounded through the sky.

The rabbit demon opened his eyes in fear. In front of him was a huge figure, blocking out his entire view and completely isolating him from the danger.