Chapter 2020: Strong Backup (2)

The destruction in Northland was far beyond Ye Qingtang’s imagination. Tons of corpses were piled up as far as the eyes could see.

The lackeys of the Ancient You Clan were about to kill just any demon tribe that was against them in Northland to capture the cubs.

Everything changed once the Temple of Shadows joined the fight.

The eight tribe leaders were among the top few in the Central Mainland, no one else other than the formidable youths from the Ancient You Clan was their match. It only took less than 12 hours for them to clear out all the enemies in the Northland. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Ye Qingtang captured a few generals and the leading demon tribes back to the Temple of Shadows to interrogate them. As for the relocation of the Northland Demon Tribe, she handed it to the Northland Demon Lord to settle everything, as soon as possible.

If not, once the Ancient You Clan learned of the news, they would send over the elite forces.

Ye Qingtang immediately handed them over to Lady Ghost once she returned to the Temple of Shadows. If Lady Ghost wasn’t capable of making them speak up, who would be?

Sure enough, Lady Ghost did not disappoint her. It only took a few hours and the generals and demon tribes divulged everything. Lady Ghost reported the information to Ye Qingtang.

The demon tribes didn’t know much, but there was one general from the Eternal Dynasty that knew quite a bit.

He knew even more than You Qiong...

“He told me that the Ancient You Clan had been secretly capturing cubs from demon tribes even before they started attacking the various clans. As for the cubs in the black market, the Ancient You Clan was also behind it... They instructed the Eternal Dynasty to buy those cubs.”

It was just as Ye Qingtang had expected. The Ancient You Clan had been after the demon cubs from long ago. They were also behind the disappearance of demon cubs previously.

The Eternal Dynasty had been working with the Ancient You Clan for a long time.

The general was in charge of transporting the cubs to the Ancient You Clan. He overheard that the cubs were a determining factor behind how many powerful forces there were in the Ancient You Clan. He didn’t dare pry into it.

However, it was enough to validate Ye Qingtang’s guesses...

Little You Yun’s Spiritual Abode was indeed powerful, but for the Ancient You Clan to cultivate so many powerful youths in a short span of time, it certainly wasn’t easy.

However, the rest of the Ancient You Clan had a huge power gap from the youths.

Ye Qingtang suspected that the Ancient You Clan used the cubs as primers to take in the energy from the Spiritual Abode. The Spiritual Abode was very strong and if a human were to quickly absorb the energy, they would most probably explode and it would cause their death. The demons on the other hand had strong physiques, with the cubs having frail consciousness. If they were to absorb the energy from the Spiritual Abode and use the cubs’ bodies as a cultivation medium, it would greatly reduce the probability of the explosion.

It was likely that the cubs were used by the Ancient You Clan as a cultivation tool. The Ancient You Clan were desperate to find even more cubs because the cubs could only be used once.

The absorption worked even better with young age, which explained why the Ancient You Clan cultivated youths that were even more powerful than the elders.

Despicable.

After figuring everything out, Ye Qingtang was even more disgusted by the Ancient You Clan. Those scum had gone too far.