Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 205: Spirit Root (1)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Every sect had many powerful forces which depended on them. These forces offered worships to the sect regularly, and the sect would give them protection.

For the mission that Ye Qingtang and the rest were going on this time, they were to go to a mountain village which was under Xuanling Sect’s protection, Spirit Condensation Mountain Village. Spirit Condensation Mountain Village had attached itself to Xuanling Sect for a long time, and it had certain fame. It was considered a pretty good family clan. However, it was met with an unexpected calamity a month ago. In just a night, all three hundred and sixty people in the village were murdered, and there was no clue left behind by the murderer.

Spirit Condensation Mountain Village worshiped Xuanling Sect, and normal forces did not dare to massacre everyone in it. Now that the entire village was massacred within a night, it was as good as a slap in Xuanling Sect’s face. Thus, Xuanling Sect had to send disciples to investigate the tragic case.

Ye Qingtang frowned slightly. In her previous life, there was a hubbub about Spirit Condensation Mountain Village incident as well, but she had never heard that the killer was found.

It was definitely not one man’s doing to be able to massacre over three hundred people in a night.

Ye Qingtang read through the file detailedly and realized that the clues given were very vague. Apart from the information of the village master’s family, there were simply no leads in this tragedy.

Ye Qingtang memorized all the information on the file and returned it to Lin Long

When Lin Long received the file back, she was a little surprised as she looked up at Ye Qingtang with a little suspicion.

Ye Qingtang already finished looking through it in such a short time?

“Have you finished looking through it?” Lin Long could not help but ask.

Ye Qingtang nodded. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

Lin Long did not say anything further and kept the file as though nothing happened at all, and she looked down at the book in her hand.

Ye Qingtang knew that Lin Long was cold on the outside but warm on the inside and was unwilling to disturb her. Thus, she went back to her area.

All the disciples’ missions were already allocated, and what was left was for them to make preparations. The new disciples were rather nervous since it was their first time to do a mission, and, thus, they discussed for a long time.

On Ye Qingtang’s side, Lin Long did not like talking, and it was even more impossible for Zhou Xuan to tell her anything. Hence, she was very free, and she took out a Floating Pagoda to nourish her spirit root.

It had been a month since she entered the sect, and she clearly felt that her spirit root seemed to have become stronger. During the sect assessment, her spirit root had traces of making a breakthrough to an orange spirit root. In this one month, she already felt that her spirit root had gone through drastic changes quietly.

Using the time when no one noticed, Ye Qingtang turned around and revealed the spirit root in her palm. A light shone. At that instant, the spirit root in her palm was covered by a large patch of orange, and there was only a tiny trace of red at the tip of the spirit root.

Ye Qingtang saw that the spirit root was about to be upgraded to an orange color, and happiness filled her heart. She closed her hands, and the image of the spirit root faded away. A steadfast expression emerged in her smiling eyes.

The sect was surging with spirit energy, and the rate of growth of her spirit root here was way faster than that when she was in Lin Town!

In at most half a month, she was very certain that she could raise her spirit root to an orange spirit root!

Ye Qingtang’s eyes twinkled. She, who was focused on upgrading her spirit root, did not notice that when she revealed her spirit root just now, the silver wolf in the corner was watching everything. When it saw that the color of Ye Qingtang’s spirit root was about to turn orange, a light flashed across its eyes silently.