Chapter 2043: Slaughter (3)

Roar after roar erupted from the canyon.

You Qiong picked himself up pathetically in the cage and gripped the bars tightly as he looked towards the battle.

“How...” His eyes widened as he looked at the fight and the golden-masked Ye Qingtang in surprise.

She had really come...

Why would she do that for someone as useless as he was?

It was true he had never believed she would fulfill her words. He had never confessed that he betrayed the Ancient You Clan as well since he knew what they did to traitors.

That would definitely be a hundred times more painful than this.

In fact, he had already prepared himself for death and never thought that...

Her arrival had caused him to completely challenge his outlook on the world.

No one in the Ancient You Clan would ever care for a worthless scrap like him.

A smile suddenly appeared on tortured lips, then he started laughing even as it tore at the wound on his face.

... Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Back on the battlefield, Elder Mo and the rest were no match for Ming Di at all.

Even though they had been cultivated by the Spiritual Abode, they were unable to ascend too many realms due to their own bodies. They weren’t even as strong as the youths.

Wasting no time, Ming Di quickly stomped one of the Elders to death while another Elder was already on the verge of death. One of Elder Mo’s feet was already broken by Ming Di’s tail and he lay on the ground in a pathetic heap.

Just as Ming Di was about to finish him off, Ye Qingtang stopped him.

“Spare him. I need him.”

Even though Ming Di wasn’t pleased to hear this, he realized that the battle between the alien races and the youths was not over, so he quickly plunged into the fight to vent his insatiable need to kill.

Elder Mo was at a complete and utter loss and could only watch as Ye Qingtang walked towards him. Out of the corner of his eyes, he saw one of the Elders draw his last breath. He could feel a sense of fear that he had never felt before engulf him.

“Holy Lord....please... Please don’t kill me...” He threw away all his pride as a Clan Elder in the face of death and started begging for his life.

“Where is You Qiong?” she asked.

Elder Mo froze, not knowing how she knew You Qiong.

“He... he’s in the cages at the camp.” He didn’t dare to mess around and quickly pointed to the tent where You Qiong was.

Ye Qingtang glanced at where he pointed, grabbed him by the head, and flew over to the tent.

The stench of blood and medicine assaulted her the moment she entered, causing her to frown. Her eyes swept over the area and what she saw made her blood freeze.

A group of skinned demon cubs lay trembling in a dark cage, blood running all over the floor as the stench of blood filled the air. It was a scene from the depths of hell.

“The humble You Qiong greets the Holy Lord!” A feeble voice entered her ears and brought her back to reality. She turned to look in the direction of the voice and saw a blood-covered You Qiong kneeling on the ground, greeting her.

The humble You Qiong? Greets the Holy Lord?

Elder Mo glared at him furiously as he heard those words.

“You! So you were working under the Holy Lord of Shadows! You were the one who betrayed the Ancient You Clan!”