Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2046: Spiritual Abode (3)

Ye Qingtang narrowed her eyes as Ming Di prepared to attack again.

Elder Mo quickly spoke up, “But I have a map. I can give it to you.”

He took out the map hurriedly and handed it over to her.

She glanced at it and called You Qiong over to check for anything amiss.

“This is a map that the Ancient You Clan uses. There shouldn’t be anything wrong with it,” he said.

It was only then that Ye Qingtang could relax. She memorized the map and handed it over to one of the alien race people.

“Bring this back to the temple and hand it to Mi. Tell him that if nothing is wrong, the main forces of the Ancient You Clan should be here. He should hurry over there with his men if he wants the rest of the Spirit of Chaos fragments,” she said.

The alien race person took the map and looked apprehensively at her.

Shouldn’t she be telling Mi this personally?

You Qiong was curious as well. “Holy Lord, you... You can’t be thinking...”

She nodded slightly.

She had to check this place out. Fortunately, she had brought Ning Luo along this time, even though his principle had not changed. He only wanted to find You Yun and all other matters were inconsequential to him, which was why he would not lift a finger in battle.

So she would leave soon with Ning Luo to check whether Little You Yun was there.

The place was shrouded in secrecy and no one knew what happened there. If Little You Yun was truly there, she had to prevent them from secretly moving her once another battle started. It was going to be difficult to find her if they moved her again.

So she wanted to confirm the location and find little You Yun as soon as possible.

Once she had given all the orders, she was about to leave with Ning Luo when You Qiong spoke up.

“Holy Lord, please allow me to go with you.”

Ye Qingtang froze as she looked at the injured You Qiong. A strange look flashed past her eyes.

You Qiong said, “I’m a member of the Ancient You Clan after all. If you trust me, it will be more convenient if you bring me along.”

In the past, he had been someone who would do anything to save his own skin but he had a change of heart after being rescued by Ye Qingtang.

He used to think that the saying ‘a gentleman would die for his greatest friend’ was a joke, but he was finally experiencing it today.

“But you’re hurt,” she was worried, but not about his betrayal.

“That’s not an issue. This is just a flesh wound and I’m feeling much better after using your medication.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

After thinking about it for a moment, she nodded.

Elder Mo wanted nothing more than for them to forget his presence but Ye Qingtang handed You Qiong a sword after thinking about something.

He immediately understood her intentions.

Elder Mo had exhausted his use here.

“You... You Qiong... you... please don’t kill me,” he pleaded desperately as he started to panic.

He would never have imagined that he would one day be in this position...

Without a change in his expression, You Qiong whipped the sword around and sliced his neck. A smile was on his face as he watched Elder Mo collapse to the ground.

With Ning Luo and You Qiong in hand, Ye Qingtang began her search for Little You Yun.

Meanwhile, the alien race people collected the demon cubs and headed back to the Temple of Shadows with the map.