Chapter 2049: Underground World (3)

It was like a whole other world. The Ancient You Clan had dug an entire world into the ground and it was so vast that she couldn’t even see the ends of the place.

There were springs, streams, green trees and pavilions everywhere. Countless luminescent pearls hung from above, illuminating the entire underground world. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

How much power did the Ancient You Clan have hidden...

With the Temple of Shadows’s power, Ye Qingtang thought that she had already investigated the Ancient You Clan thoroughly.

But that didn’t seem to be the case anymore.

No wonder they hadn’t reacted at all even when one of their three sects was taken out.

It turned out they had already begun preparing for everything and had created an underground world where no one could investigate them.

“Elder Mo, you came at the right time. Elder Yuan is waiting for you,” a guard said respectfully.

Elder Yuan?

She didn’t recognize that name but nodded as the guard led the way. But You Qiong who was standing beside her balked at his name.

“So he’s still alive...” he murmured.

Seeing his odd expression and hearing what he had said, she asked him, “You know him?”

He steeled himself and said, “Holy Lord, we go a long way back...”

Elder Yuan was already an Elder of the Ancient You Clan when You Qiong became one. They often butted heads as You Qiong was well-versed in scheming while Elder Yuan respected martial arts more.

After so many years, You Qiong thought that he would already be dead and didn’t expect him to still be alive.

“Holy Lord, you have to be careful when you meet Elder Yuan. Our powers used to be on par with each other but he has probably gotten even stronger. He is extremely ruthless as well, so please be careful.”

She acknowledged his advice and followed the guard into a pavilion.

The guard asked her to wait for a while as he went to inform Elder Yuan of their arrival.

After a long while, a haggard man walked into the room with his back straight and standing tall. He walked slowly and there seemed to be a glow around him.

“Why is it just you two? Where are the rest?” he frowned as he saw only Ye Qingtang and You Qiong in the room.

Ye Qingtang looked at him and was stunned.

It was him!

This white-robed old man was the one who had led the Ancient You Clan to attack the First Mainland and take Little You Yun away from her all those years ago!

Despite having prepared herself, she was taken by surprise. She had asked Lady Ghost and the rest to look up the white-robed old man back when she was investigating the Ancient You Clan, but they had not been able to find anything.

So...

It turned out that he was Elder Yuan.

Ye Qingtang quickly came to her senses and suppressed her feelings. On the surface, she spoke to him politely. “Greetings, Elder Yuan. We ran into a huge group of escaping demons on the way. The other two Elders decided to hunt for the demon cubs while we headed here first to report back to you.”

This was the story that You Qiong and her had discussed previously. After all, the Ancient You Clan needed to have enough demons to sacrifice if they wanted more power.