Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2062: Grand Elder (3)

Ye Qingtang and the rest were surrounded by the sculptures and Grand Elder just looked at them with an expression filled with disinterest.

“You came earlier than expected, but it’s fine... It’s an opportunity for me to try out some of the strongest powers from the Second Domain,” the Grand Elder said. He suddenly stood up, with Little You Yun in his arms as he walked away.

“Follow me,” Grand Elder ordered Little Luo Xue.

Little Luo Xue’s expression was a little off initially. Then his eyes met with Grand Elder’s eyes that glinted with red light.

All his emotions just dissipated once she saw the red light. His eyes lost focus and he was almost soulless, just following behind the Grand Elder.

On the other hand, Ye Qingtang was dealing with the sculptures. When she saw the Grand Elder leaving with Little Luo Xue and Little You Yun, she instantly had a bad feeling.

Ning Luo seemed to also have sensed the risk. He suddenly transformed into a sword.

“Use me!”

Ning Luo had transformed into the Ice Frost Divine Sword that was now in Ye Qingtang’s hand. Ye Qingtang’s eyes were filled with determination as she held the Ice Frost Divine Sword firmly, waving it in one swift motion.

The seemingly indestructible sculpture collapsed once the Ice Frost Divine Sword struck it.

As Ye Qingtang started destroying the sculptures, they had all become shattered rocks. She couldn’t be bothered with anything else and quickly chased after Grand Elder.

“Be careful, Holy Lord!” You Qiong regained his senses and warned her. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“I don’t know what the Grand Elder plans to do, but judging from his appearance, I don’t think he will be able to last in that body for long... That boy... seems to be extraordinary. I’m guessing that the Grand Elder plans to overtake–” You Qiong said.

He had been working under the Grand Elder for many years and naturally knew the Grand Elder’s personality more than anyone else.

You Qiong had already sensed something weird when the Grand Elder didn’t appear previously, but now... He could already guess what was going to happen.

The Ancient You Clan had been under the Jiang family’s oppression when the Domain Monarch Founder, Jiang Yu was in power. The Grand Elder held the position of Master back then and was very indignant about it. He made use of the Ancient You Clan’s power to search for quite a number of forbidden skills.

With You Qiong’s understanding of the Grand Elder, the Grand Elder only landed in this predicament because he took the risk and performed the forbidden skills. This must be the reason why he handed the position of Master to someone else and remained hidden here.

It turned out he was making use of the Spiritual Abode’s powers to nourish his spirit root and search for a body that was powerful enough...

Little Luo Xue must have been included in the Grand Elder’s plans. It was only brought forward a day earlier because of the Crimson League’s affairs.

When she heard You Qiong’s words, Ye Qingtang became even more worried and she didn’t dare waste a single second. She chased after them at the fastest speed possible.

...

On the other hand, the Grand Elder took Little You Yun and Little Luo Xue to the underground altar.

He had prepared for this for many years.

“Lie down there.” Grand Elder left behind some red pigment between Little Luo Xue’s brows using his sharp fingernail. Little Luo Xue was expressionless as he lay on the altar, lacking any focus in his eyes.

The Grand Elder watched Little Luo Xue, who was completely under his control before riveting his eyes on Little You Yun, who was asleep in his arms before he took a deep breath.

When he took in a deep breath, the aura surrounding Little You Yun seemed to have been taken away from her. It was taken in by Grand Elder!