Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2071: Strange (3)

Mi had no idea about what had just happened. He thought that it was weird when Ye Qingtang told him that the man had left, but did not say anything else.

Ye Qingtang heaved a sigh of relief when she saw his reaction. It seemed as though he had really left without saying anything to Mi. She could vaguely tell from Mi’s words that he wasn’t from the Crimson League and was from another force.

Although she wanted to ask him for more information, Mi seemed to have no intention of saying more.

“I always get the feeling that he’s very strange, and that his powers are greater than Mi,” she said as she sat on a chair looking at Ling Yan.

“Who do you think would win between Ming Di and Mi?” Ling Yan asked as he looked at her.

“Ming Di is probably still slightly stronger,” she said after mentally comparing the both of them.

Mi’s power was astonishing while Ming Di’s was overwhelming. Between the two of them, Ming Di still won by a little.

“Legend has said that Ming Di could fight with the Holy Lord of Shadows as equals,” Ling Yan said.

Ye Qingtang frowned slightly. With that man’s strength, even if he couldn’t defeat the Holy Lord of Shadows, he wouldn’t be far off.

Did he just want to test her power?

“I’m afraid I’ll have to disappoint him then,” she said with a shrug. She was probably considered one of the strongest in the First Domain right now but was nothing in the Second Domain.

Ling Yan laughed lightly and said, “Miss Ye, you should stop worrying since he’s already left. In my opinion, he’s not going to tell this to the Crimson League. Perhaps he doesn’t even have them in his considerations.”

“I’m not worried that he’ll inform the Crimson League. I can tell that even though Mi and he know each other, they’re not that close and there’s no point in talking about me either. It’s just that... I sensed something strange in his gaze towards me...” Her lips twisted softly, not understanding the man’s actions. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Miss Ye, you don’t have to worry about all of this. Shouldn’t you think about how to deal with the Ancient You Clan?” Ling Yan suddenly changed the topic.

Ye Qingtang looked at him, sensing a different meaning behind his words.

“The Ancient You Ancient Clan?”

Ling Yan nodded.

“You’ve already gotten Little You Yun back, which means that they would have found out about the loss of the Spiritual Abode already. Their plans to recast the Spirit of Chaos have also been dashed. They’ve suffered huge losses, which means that they will be seeking their revenge soon.”

The ambition of the Ancient You Clan extended beyond the First Domain and the strongest chip they had was Little You Yun, who could generate countless powerful youths.

For them, getting the Spirit of Chaos would only add to their power. Even if they couldn’t obtain it, it would only stop them temporarily.

But losing Little You Yun was a huge blow to them.

They had lost many powerful youths in the previous battle. They wouldn’t be able to make more powerful members without the Spiritual Abode.

The reality was as Ling Yan had said.

The Ancient You Clan had lost the previous battle and retreated to their last stronghold. Not only had they lost the entire underground world, but they had also lost a Clan Elder that was extremely important to them.

...

At that moment, the Ancient You Clan Elders were gathered at the main hall.

The Clan Master who just entered the main hall had a dark expression as he stared down at them.

“I only left for a while. Look at how badly all of you handled this!” he spat out with narrowed eyes.