Chapter 2113: Sea King (1)

The words echoed around the main hall as everyone turned to look. Many of them frowned at the sight of the Wind Sect.

The Wind Sect had gotten extremely powerful in the past one to two years and had barely managed to become a top-tier power.

But they were still weaklings compared to the older powers.

“We came today to give our well wishes to the Holy Lord on her birthday. If we could just see her...” The Wind Sect master spoke politely.

But before they could even finish their sentence, the attendants lost their patience and kicked them out. Like that, those from the Wind Sect were no match for them and were swiftly kicked out.

Even the Sect Elders couldn’t defeat them.

It was a ridiculous spectacle, but they didn’t dare show any anger. They held back their pain and left pathetically.

“How is it possible that the Wind Sect was invited for the Holy Lord’s birthday? They invited themselves after all.” The North Darkness Pavilion Master laughed.

Even though the Wind Sect was considered one of the top powers now, they were still a far cry from the other powers. How was it possible that they would’ve caught the attention of the Temple of Paragon?

“North Darkness Pavilion Master, I haven’t seen you in a while. I heard that you just reached the tenth level of Solitude Palm and haven’t had the chance to congratulate you yet,” The East Buddha Temple Buddha said with a laugh.

“That’s nothing compared to the limitless realm you can enter.”

From the water mirror, Ye Qingtang saw the people from the Wind Sect being kicked out like dogs by the Temple of Paragon attendants, and she was filled with a sense of satisfaction.

In her previous life, Ye You had gotten extremely powerful with the backing of the Wind Sect. The Wind Sect had gotten extremely powerful, with Ye You flaunting her power everywhere, leaving Ye Qingtang with nowhere to run.

But in front of the Temple of Paragon...

They had been kicked out like vermin, bringing a smile to her face.

So this was the difference in their power!

While not extremely crowded, the top powers were all gathered in the main hall. Any one of them was enough to destroy the First Domain. But they were all kind-faced now, waiting to wish the Temple of Paragon Holy Lord happy birthday...

Life was really strange.

There were even more powers outside the Sky Temple who didn’t even have the qualification to be there.

These were just the rules of the world. For the first time in her life, she was experiencing what it was like to be a top power.

How terrifying!

In her past life, if she had stuck to any of these powers, she would have been able to decimate Ye You even when she was at her peak.

Even the thought itself was exciting.

Just when she thought that she had seen all the powers there, a sound came from the main hall. She looked at the water mirror and saw a bright blue light at the Sky Temple entrance.

Countless blue waves were coming in from the horizon.

It was as though the water was flooding the sky!

Everyone in the main hall watched the clear waves calmly. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Whoosh~

The sound of waves filled everyone’s ears.

Many members of the Sea Clan were swimming in the waves under the sun. Thousands of sea creatures swirled past them as the clear sound of bells rang out.