Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2116: Sea Soul Chess (1)

Elder Hua let out a sigh.

Holy Lord, please forgive us in the future. We did this for your good.

...

In the Sky Temple.

The Sea King remained unmoving as he stared ahead. He treated the rest as invisible, as though they didn’t exist.

“When is the Holy Lord coming out?” The Sea King got impatient after a short while. Outside the main hall, in the sky. Various sea clans were invited.

The Fox Demon stepped in front. “Our Holy Lord will be coming soon.”

“Hmph!” The Sea King disregarded the Fox Demon’s words and got up.

Everyone was shocked at the Sea King’s move. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The Sea King didn’t seem like he was there to convey his well wishes for the Holy Lord’s birthday.

Right as the Sea King got up, the drums started sounding and a beam of light came down from the top of the Sky Temple, shining on the tallest seat in the temple.

As the light shone down, a lithe figure appeared and slowly descended.

“Sea King, it has been so many years and you are still the same.” A beautiful voice was heard.

Everyone lifted their heads, looking towards the lady that was surrounded with the light.

The lady had an ethereal appearance, with the light surrounding her. Her dress flowed around and everything just seemed surreal.

It was the Paragon Holy Lord!

Everyone was shocked and many quickly stood up. They almost couldn’t recall how long it had been since the Paragon Holy Lord last made an appearance.

Ye Qingtang took a seat. The corners of her lips slightly lifted into a gentle smile, but her expression was cold at the same time.

The Fox Demon stood in the main hall, watching Ye Qingtang take the main seat. In an instant, he recalled that many years ago... The Paragon Holy Lord also took the main seat and received greetings from everyone.

The scenes overlapped and the Fox Demon’s gaze turned passionate. He thought that they were similar, but now, they were identical!

Holy Lord...

The Sea King’s gaze landed on Ye Qingtang as he was feeling slightly suspicious, but he hid it away. He looked at Ye Qingtang with lifted brows.

“Holy Lord, your memory is not too bad. How could you forget about our date if you’ve got such a good memory?”

Ye Qingtang looked around at the entire hall of powers and the domineering Sea King, her heart sinking. Comparing today to the times she had to pose as the Holy Lord of Shadows, this was certainly a thousand times more... exciting.

After all, she would die any moment if she made any mistake. It was as if she was walking on thin ice, there was no way Ye Qingtang could get herself out of this.

Collecting her frenzied thoughts, she calmed herself down, placing one hand on the armrest. “It’s only six months. Anyway, you’re already here.”

“I would never forget about it since it concerns my clan’s divine item,” Sea Clan answered and he sized Ye Qingtang up nonchalantly.

The Paragon Holy Lord just disappeared and though it was said that she was in seclusion, the Sea King didn’t think the same way. That was precisely why he came today.

However...

The Sea King remained suspicious but he didn’t spot any abnormality even after observing Ye Qingtang.