Chapter 2120: Chess Game (2)

The Temple of Paragon would once again think that she was the reincarnation of the Holy Lord and wouldn’t kill her.

If she didn’t agree to it, the Sea King would get suspicious and take the opportunity to attack them. With her strength, she probably wasn’t going to leave the place alive.

So she had no choice but to do this.

This so-called birthday celebration turned out to be a trap!

It seemed that her reply satisfied the Sea King. He laughed uproariously and gestured for her to start the match. Having no other choice, she flew over to the Sea Soul Chess. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

She hadn’t felt anything thus far but as she neared the board, she could feel a strong force slowly surging out from it.

This force pulled her slowly into the game.

“We will continue our original match. You can’t let all those years I spent scrutinizing your move go to waste,” the Sea King said.

The eyes of the different powers present all shifted to Ye Qingtang and the Sea King. They had never seen Sea Soul Chess before and had only heard rumors of it, so they were all extremely excited.

But the Fox Demon didn’t look reassured at all. Seeing that the matter was already set, he didn’t say anything else and merely gave those from the Temple of Paragon a look.

The Temple of Paragon attendants and Elders all quickly walked out of the main hall.

“What is the Temple of Paragon doing?” The other powers were all extremely curious when they saw them walk out. Even Elder Hua and Elder Bai walked out.

Everyone was confused.

The Sea King didn’t notice at all. All he was focused on was his past humiliation.

“I’ll make the first move,” the Sea King said in a low voice as he picked up a chess piece and moved it across the board.

The audience was merely looking on in anticipation without feeling anything different, but as the Sea King put down his piece, a wave of energy surged outwards.

In that instant...

Rays of light shot out from the Sky Temple as countless clouds erupted from it. The entire Sky Temple was quickly filled with clouds and light.

The entire place seemed to be enveloped in illusions as countless divine beasts burst forth. The huge figures filled the entire main hall with piercing screams that made everyone’s heads feel like bursting.

“Argh!” One of the members of the powers present who did not have enough cultivation exclaimed as he coughed out blood.

Even the Masters of the other powers felt the attack.

“We can’t watch this match!”

In an instant, they realized that this Sea Soul Chess match was not something someone like them could witness.

The energy that gushed out with every move was enough to eradicate all those below the Holy Venerate level! Even the more powerful Masters felt uncomfortable.

Their curiosity towards the Sea Soul Chess all vanished within a second. Now they understood why the Temple of Paragon people had all left the main hall!

The Masters of each power quickly brought their members out of the main hall. They had only made one move and the effect was already so strong. Who knew what more terrifying things would happen if they stayed!