Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 213: Spirit Condensation Mountain Village (2)

Translator:Atlas StudiosEditor:Atlas Studios 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

The Apothecary brought the five of them to their destination. The uneasy citizens lingered outside the door and were not willing to leave. Their fear seemed to finally dissipate only when they were standing close to these sect disciples.

"What exactly happened to Spirit Condensation Mountain Village?" Zhou Xuan questioned straight to the point after sitting down.

Although he wanted to make use of this chance to get rid of Ye Qingtang, he did not forget the mission he was tasked to as well. Otherwise, even if he killed Ye Qingtang, he would still be punished by the sect should he not complete the mission.

Furthermore...

He did not think that killing Ye Qingtang would be difficult.

After hearing the question, the Apothecary could not help but sigh heavily. "This is a long story... That day was our village master's fiftieth birthday celebration. There were many guests that night, and the celebration finally ended at midnight. After a whole day of labor, everyone was tired by nighttime and went to rest after sending the guests off. However... no one would have thought that... an accident happened that very night."

Ye Qingtang listened from aside quietly. What the Apothecary said was the same as the information mentioned in the sect file, and there were no special clues.

"Can you bring us to look at the situation in Spirit Condensation Mountain Village first?"

Zhou Xuan wanted to continue questioning, yet... Ye Qingtang suddenly requested to take a look at the scene of the accident. He frowned displeasingly, but on second thought, they had to inspect the scene as well. Thus, he did not say anything.

The Apothecary replied. "Sure. We did not dare to touch anything in the mountain village so that you all can inspect the scene closely when you all are here." Then, the Apothecary stood up and led the group towards Spirit Condensation Mountain Village along with Wu Zheng.

Zhou Xuan and the other two disciples took a step first and walked at the front.

Rather, it was Lin Long who, intentionally or unintentionally, walked at a speed which coincidentally matched with Ye Qingtang's pace and was walking right beside Ye Qingtang.

Ye Qingtang had noticed this long ago when they were still on the road.

Senior Sister Lin always instinctively maintained the same pace as her, and even if they were in a hurry, Senior Sister Lin was never too far away from her.

Although Ye Qingtang did not talk much to this cold senior sister during the journey, Ye Qingtang noticed Lin Long's subtle actions.

Ye Qingtang had a feeling that Lin Long seemed to have sensed that Zhou Xuan was going to harm Ye Qingtang which caused her to keep maintaining a close distance with her on purpose.

To this, Ye Qingtang felt an inexpressible warmth.

In her previous life, Lin Long was also like this—she didn't talk much normally and had a detached personality but would lend a hand at critical times...

As she pondered, they had already reached the main entrance of Spirit Condensation Mountain Village!

Before entering the door to the mountain village, they saw large patches of blood flowing out from under the door!

The blood had already dried, but the strong blood smell traveled into their noses along with the wind. Contrasting against the black door, the blood which seeped under the door was like a giant tongue of a demon.

"This is it. However, please be mentally prepared. The situation inside... is not too good," reminded the Apothecary before he opened the door.

Zhou Xuan frowned a little, obviously not putting the Apothecary's words to heart. It was merely a bloody scene; he had gone on many missions before. How would he have seen little of such situations?

"Open the door," Zhou Xuan said.