Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2121: Chess Game (3)

The demons and others didn’t react much when they saw those who were previously spectating walk out of the room.

They were all focused on Ye Qingtang.

Once a match of Sea Soul Chess started, every move would unleash a wave of ancient power. Only those who were powerful enough could withstand it. If one was careless, it could easily lead to their minds breaking under the attack.

They were extremely worried about whether Ye Qingtang could hold out. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

It came as a surprise when they saw her standing in front of the Sea King. They had known that her mental strength was better than ordinary people so had let her try it out but... didn’t she look too accustomed to this?

She showed no signs of pain at all.

If she was pretending, she was doing a great job. Or was it just that the Holy Lord’s energy hadn’t disappeared in her successor?

The demon and Elders exchanged glances as hope filled their eyes.

Could the Holy Lord regain her memories under the provocation of the Sea Soul Chess?

In the main hall, Ye Qingtang thought it was strange that people were rushing out.

What was wrong with them?

She had felt a wave of mental energy rush out when the Sea King made his move but before she could even react, it had been absorbed by a force within her body.

It was the Deity Ocean...

She could feel the Deity Ocean absorbing the wave of energy, which was why she was unharmed. Inwardly she wiped the cold sweat off herself as she watched people leave.

These were all top-tier powers who couldn’t even withstand the force. If not for the Deity Ocean, her mind would’ve been shattered when the Sea King made his move.

She had been too careless.

“How was my move?” The Sea King had long since familiarized himself with the Sea Soul Chess and was nonchalant. He knew that the Holy Lord was one of the few who could play this with him so naturally did not think that she would react to the rush of energy.

But the truth was different...

Ye Qingtang sighed and repressed her shock, turning her gaze to the piece that the Sea King had moved.

She was speechless.

She... couldn’t understand at all...

There were 72 pieces in the shape of beasts in total between the two of them on the board but she couldn’t tell what the rules were.

How did someone win?

Or lose?

She was utterly confused and no one could explain it to her now.

“Not bad,” she said with pretense.

The Sea King was satisfied. The year they had their previous match, the Holy Lord had sealed off all the paths that his pawns could take with one move. He had agonized for so many years before overcoming her move.

He had turned the game around with one move and revived his pawns.

It was Ye Qingtang’s path which was sealed now.

“It’s your turn. Please make your move,” he said with a smile.

She felt helpless as she looked at his satisfied expression.

Then... she would move however she liked.

From the beginning, she was already prepared to lose anyway. She had already tried her best. The Temple of Paragon couldn’t hold that against her.

So she calmed herself down and swept her gaze over the chessboard.

Azure dragon, white tiger, vermilion bird, nine heaven tortoise, unicorn, phoenix, and sky dragon...

The different figures appeared in her sight one by one. She could only go with her instinct and pick the white tiger...

It looked a lot like a grown-up little white tiger.

I’ll choose you.