Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2122: Even A Broken Clock Is Right Twice A Day (1)

A look of surprise flashed across the eyes of the Sea King when he saw Ye Qingtang lift the white tiger chess piece. Before he had much chance to ponder, Ye Qingtang had already made her move...

A golden light shot out from the white tiger chess piece on the chessboard. Lit by golden light, the fog in the inside of the temple instantly dispelled.

The roars of a tiger echoed as if a tiger was descending from the mountains. The roars were so formidable that they shook the mountains and rivers!

A massive white tiger shape draped in tens of thousands of golden rays appeared in the Sky Temple. It pounced out from behind Ye Qingtang toward the Sea King.

The Sea King stared at the massive white tiger shape with narrowed eyes.

After the light faded a little, he finally managed to get a clear view of the situation on the chessboard. The Sea King’s arrogant expression turned into shock at what he saw.

“How did this happen...” The Sea King frowned. His confidence wavered.

Ye Qingtang: “...”

What... was going on?

The Sea King’s expression became increasingly grave. Many years had passed since he had last fallen into a trap set by the Holy Lord on the chessboard. He had expended a lot of brainpower over it before finally solving to break out of the trap. But now, the Sea King was feeling the similar oppressive aura of imminent death.

He scanned the chessboard with sharp eyes, mapping out every possible move. There appeared to be many ways out but every single way would lead to a pre-planned deathtrap.

One wrong move would lead to even more wrong moves.

For a moment, the Sea King had no idea what to do.

The tables had turned once again.

No matter which moves he made next, Ye Qingtang would have the ability to checkmate him. It looked like he still had a chance but there was actually none left.

Suddenly, the Sea King’s eyes narrowed.

“The Holy Lord’s chess skills are still as formidable as before,” the Sea King said solemnly.

Ye Qingtang was rather stunned by the Sea King’s deflated expression. She scanned the chessboard in front of her in complete befuddlement. She had no idea what was happening. She didn’t even know the basic rules of the game.

Her earlier move was pure guesswork. She had liked the appearance of that white tiger chess piece and so had chosen to move it forward.

But...

What was the meaning behind the Sea King’s expression?

“I concede.” The Sea King knew that he was unable to resolve his dilemma on the board and decided to concede.

Ye Qingtang smiled but she was utterly confused on the inside.

“Within these two domains, only you and I have chess skills of this level. Today, I can give you this Sea Soul Chess without any regret. In the future, after I figure out the solution to this chess game, we will pit our skills against each other again.” With that, the Sea King opened his hand and his trident, which had been floating nearby, flew to his hand. He turned and walked over to the tightly shut door.

The Sea Soul Chessboard seemed to sense that the opponent had left and withdrawn its aura. The visions in the temple disappeared without a trace.

Ye Qingtang stared incredulously after the Sea King’s departing profile, all the way until the Sea King arrived before the tightly-closed door. His figure wavered a little before disappearing.

It was almost like a dream. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

This was...

She had won?!

Ye Qingtang looked at the empty temple before looking at the Sea Soul Chessboard in front of her.

She had actually defeated the ruler of the two ocean domains... the Sea King?

This feeling was so... confusing.

The crowd waiting outside the Sky Temple was staring fixedly at the locked door. They were extremely curious about what was happening inside.