Chapter 2123: Even A Broken Clock Is Right Twice A Day (2)

The expressions on the Fox Demon and other Temple of Paragon people had turned grave as they waited outside the temple.

They had no idea what was happening inside the temple. Although they knew that Ye Qingtang’s mental energy was better than an average person’s, they dared not vouch that Ye Qingtang would be able to withstand the Sea Soul Chessboard’s attack.

“Guardian, would we really have to return the Sea Clan’s divine item to the Sea King if she loses?” Elder Bai spoke with a hint of reluctance.

“If so, of course we have to return it.” The Fox Demon replied.

“Whether or not she is the reincarnation of the Holy Lord, it will be verified in time. If she ends up losing the Holy Lord’s item because of a moment of carelessness...”

“But as of now, she is still the Holy Lord.” The Fox Demon spoke meaningfully.

Elder Bai knew that this was definitely not the right time to expose Ye Qingtang’s identity. Now that they had reached this stage, they had no choice but to keep quiet and see through things to the end.

Just as everyone was waiting.

A figure suddenly appeared at the temple doors.

“It’s the Sea King!” Elder Hua’s heart jumped when he saw that it was the Sea King.

Even if Ye Qingtang was able to hold against the Sea Soul Chessboard’s attack, she had no idea what the rules of the Sea Soul Chess were. How would she be able to compete against someone with such exemplary chess skills like the Sea King?

In the entire world, only the Holy Lord was able to defeat the Sea King. Not much time had passed but the Sea King had already emerged from the temple. A deep sense of foreboding arose in their hearts.

Elder Bai frowned and exchanged looks with the Fox Demon. They decided to keep still and silent for the moment. The rest of the spectators also didn’t make any noise on seeing the Sea King emerge.

The Sea King stood outside the Sky Temple. At this moment, everyone’s eyes were on him.

The Sea King lifted his head emotionlessly. He looked at the clear waves above his head, and the countless members of the Sea Clan.

Suddenly, the Sea King laughed heartily. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Amazing, really amazing. Since the Holy Lord went into seclusion, I have not had such a great game of chess with anyone. I have finally fulfilled this desire.”

The Sea King cheerful laughter was like a hammer pounding upon the hearts of the Elders of the Temple of Paragon.

They were doomed.

Ye Qingtang must have lost.

Otherwise, why else would the Sea King be so happy?

The other leaders naturally had the same line of thinking. But just as everyone came to this conclusion, the Sea King suddenly turned his gaze toward those of the Temple of Paragon.

Quietly, the Fox Demon took a deep breath and stepped forward. “Sea King, please wait for a minute. I will send our servants to retrieve the Sea Clan divine item now.”

The Sea King nodded in satisfaction.

The Fox Demon’s eyes dimmed.

Indeed...

The faces of the Temple of Paragon Elders also turned slightly grim. But on such a public stage, they had no choice but to put up a false front of calm.

“Make haste and retrieve the item. I have to return to sea immediately after I reactivate it.”

Everyone was stunned by the Sea King’s words.

What was going on?

The dullness in the Fox Demon’s eyes was replaced by a flash of shock. The Sea King was talking about reactivating, and not... bringing it back?

Could it be...

An outrageous notion appeared in everyone’s minds. But they did not dare to believe it.

“Why are you still standing there in a daze? I have things to do. In the future, if your Holy Lord forgets the time in re-activating this divine item, I won’t be so nice as to personally come here again.” The Sea King sounded annoyed when he noticed that the Fox Demon and the others remained still.