Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2126: Netherworld Academy (2)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

The relations between the mainlands in the Second Domain were not like those in the First Domain. And within the Second Domain, the total population of the alien races had already surpassed the number of humans. No matter which mainland one was in, one could see many alien race people.

The academies here did not discriminate amongst the races. Anyone could enroll as long as one had the talent.

A massive academy sat atop the mountain range.

The Netherworld Academy.

The Netherworld Academy was renowned in the mainland. It had groomed many famous powerful practitioners. It was no exaggeration to say that all the talented youths on this mainland wished to enroll in academies like the Netherworld Academy, to better their martial arts.

Every year during this period, the Netherworld Academy would open its doors to new students.

The expansive mountain range was already crowded with youths who had come to seek admission. Most of them were accompanied by elders from their family clans. They had all come forth to participate in the Netherworld Academy’s enrolment exercise. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

The Netherworld Academy had very strict admission requirements. They only accepted students in their teens. Also, they had very stringent requirements regarding cultivation levels. If a potential student could not reach their required level, regardless of how powerful their background was, they would still be rejected.

Nonetheless, the Netherworld Academy had the right to impose such strict standards. Every single one of the Netherworld Academy graduates had become exceptional practitioners.

A slender figure stood amongst the crowded masses, looking very quiet and refined, yet different from the other prodigies. “He” was alone and submerged in the sea of people, no one would notice “his” presence.

Ye Qingtang weaved through the masses and looked at the crowded gates of the Netherworld Academy. She observed a gang of energetic youths, confidently walking up to take part in the test and decided to follow them.

In her previous life, Ye Qingtang only heard some rumors regarding the Netherworld Academy. This time, she had set her sights on this academy for two reasons. One was because the timing was just right. The second was because an institution of the Netherworld Academy’s level would have a decent number of Wind-Calming Pearls. Consequently, it would be less difficult for her to obtain a pearl.

However...

When Ye Qingtang arrived at the Netherworld Academy and observed the youths who had come to seek admission, she finally realized why the academy was so renowned across the mainland.

These youths were at most 15 to 16 years of age, but their aura was at least Paragon Fifth Heaven level and above. There were even some who had already reached Paragon Ninth Heaven levels...

If this was the First Domain, they would be considered top of the top practitioners. But these freakishly powerful young talents might not even be able to pass the Netherworld Academy’s admission exercise.

One could just imagine the disparity between the two domains.

Ye Qingtang had believed that with her own Paragon level abilities, it would be a piece of cake to enter the Netherworld Academy. But now it appeared that...

Things would be somewhat challenging.

One couldn’t blame Ye Qingtang. She had come to the Second Domain in her previous life but had never entered any of the academies here. She was still rather unfamiliar with the situation here.

Ye Qingtang was prepared to reassess her situation when a youth dressed in a Netherworld Academy uniform sauntered over from the front of the crowds.

The youth looked like in his twenties and exuded an extremely formidable aura. His sharp eyes scanned the crowd of youths who had come for the admission exercise, as if wanting to see through them.