Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2128: Netherworld Academy (4)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

A Paragon level practitioner who wanted to be a teacher to those who were at higher levels. This person was either mad or just plain stupid.

“I don’t think you have much hope of becoming a teacher. Brother, if you really want to enter the Netherworld Academy, I suggest another route for you. The academy also recruits servants every year, so you can go try your luck over there. I am sure you can do it.”

The bunch of youths made all sorts of jibes, treating the whole situation like a right joke.

The youth from the Netherworld Academy looked increasingly grim. He had never met someone who was so unaware of his place. The commotion attracted the attention of many others.

Suddenly a middle-aged man in a long robe emerged from the crowd. The laughing youths immediately fell silent at the sight of that man.

Those youths looked at the middle-aged man with respect and awe.

“What’s going on?” A baritone voice rang out.

The youth instantly wiped the impatient expression off his face when he saw the middle-aged man. He went forward and cupped his fists respectfully. “Teacher Di Nuo, this person is here to make trouble. He said that he wants to apply to be a teacher at Netherworld Academy.”

Di Nuo frowned as he looked at the frail-looking Ye Qingtang, and a look of annoyance flashed across his eyes.

“You want to apply to be a teacher?”

“Yes.” Ye Qingtang nodded.

The surrounding youths didn’t say anything but ridicule flashed across their eyes.

This was Teacher Di Nuo. He was one of the most reputable teachers in the Netherworld Academy. Many students who specialized in martial arts fought for the chance to be under him.

“What qualifications do you have to be a teacher? Your cultivation level is not even as high as many of our students. How can you be a teacher like that? Please leave now and I will take it that you were never here. The Netherworld Academy is not a place where one can just come and make trouble,” Di Nuo said impatiently.

If not for the fact that there were many other people around, he would have already flung this ignorant fool off the mountain. There was no way he would tolerate this kid here making wild claims.

“To be a teacher, cultivation level is just one of the factors. It is not the absolute end-all-be-all.” Ye Qingtang spoke calmly.

Whispering sounds spread across the crowd.

Di Nuo never expected this youth to be so ignorant. Seeing the reaction of the crowd, there was no way he would let others witness such a disrespectful incident right outside the gates of the Netherworld Academy.

“If you want to apply to be a teacher, please follow me. If you don’t have the skills to back up your claims, don’t blame me for being nasty.”

To avoid creating an unpleasant scene in public, Di Nuo decided to lead this person away first. Otherwise, if anything bad happened, it might affect the reputation of the Netherworld Academy.

Ye Qingtang nodded on seeing that she now had a way in. She followed Di Nuo over to the teacher application area in the Netherworld Academy.

Those youths in the queue continued to smile mockingly at the sight of Ye Qingtang following Di Nuo.

“I will bet a bottle of elixir that this brother will be tossed down the hill within an hour!”

“An hour? You think too highly of him. Which of the Netherworld Academy teachers are not elite practitioners? This impudent fellow is only at the Paragon level. If his application is successful, I will cut off my own head and let you kick it around like a football. I bet that he would be chased out in just a few minutes.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“And what’s that about cultivation level being just one of the factors? If powers are not the absolute end-all-be-all, what are we all here for? Ridiculous.”

The group of youths chattered on but they soon forgot about that incident. Compared to that unimportant scene, they were more focused on their upcoming admission exercise.