Chapter 2130: A Disparity Of 300 Years (1)

The middle-aged man was taken aback by Ye Qingtang’s words. The elder also slowly lifted his head and saw for the first time, the youthful-looking, frail “young man”.

“How did you know that the Dorot Cultivation Method is meant for internal cultivation?” The elder asked in a slightly raspy voice.

The Dorot Cultivation Method had been in the Second Domain for a long time. It was no longer a new, remarkable technique and everyone knew it was only suitable for children below the age of 10 to practice. But to this day no one knew that it was meant for internal cultivation.

Even for them, they only discovered some clues hinting at this after studying this method for a long time. Where did this youth come from and how did he know that?

“The Dorot Cultivation Method has many cultivation techniques but because the records are incomplete, no one has been able to understand most of them. But actually, it is not difficult to adjust the techniques...” Ye Qingtang piped up.

“Kid, you are making a very big claim there. Not difficult? Do you know that we only have half of the Dorot Cultivation Method records left? Many of the techniques have been lost because of that. You are claiming that it is not difficult... don’t tell me you know how to make the records complete?” The middle-aged man was annoyed by Ye Qingtang’s words. Heaven knew how much time he had wasted studying this incomplete cultivation method.

“I do.” Ye Qingtang responded frankly.

“...” The middle-aged man nearly fainted from anger at Ye Qingtang’s arrogant words. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Before he could speak up again, the elder cut in. “How?”

Ye Qingtang replied, “The Great Nascent cultivator left behind quite a number of cultivation methods, including many foundation techniques. His cultivation methods all follow a similar pattern. You just need to analyze the missing portions of the Dorot Cultivation Method, and then use the basic concepts of his other techniques to fill in the blanks.”

The three men all looked rather dubious when they heard what Ye Qingtang said. Ignoring their reaction, Ye Qingtang walked up to the table. She picked up a piece of paper and pen.

Di Nuo looked annoyed and wanted to stop Ye Qingtang’s transgression. But the elder shot Di Nuo a look, warning him not to interfere.

Following her memories from her past life from 300 years into the future, she scribbled down the missing parts of the Dorot Cultivation Method.

In reality, this Dorot Cultivation Method was already being studied by powerful practitioners in the Second Domain. But at least a hundred years would pass before they would realize that they could use another cultivation method to fill in the blanks of the Dorot Cultivation Method...

Ye Qingtang soon wrote out a portion of the missing parts and displayed her work on the table.

Wasting no time, the elder studied the paper. The middle-aged man also glanced at her work dubiously.

But amazement flashed across their eyes as they continued to read.

It should be pointed out that they had already studied this cultivation method for decades, but made little headway. It could be said that no one in the Second Domain knew more about this cultivation method than them.

And so the moment they looked over Ye Qingtang’s writings, they immediately felt like a veil was being lifted from their eyes.

“The Dorot Cultivation Method is useful but it is not irreplaceable. There are many foundational cultivation methods now that have certain drawbacks. There is no need to separate internal cultivation and spiritual cultivation. Using your internal energy to boost the refinement of your mental energy, it would be faster this way.” Ye Qingtang continued to explain as she watched the astonished expressions of the three men.

Although she may not be confident about other things, she was certain that the number of foundational cultivation methods 300 years into the future would definitely surpass those in the present times.