Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 214: Spirit Condensation Mountain Village (3)

Translator:Atlas StudiosEditor:Atlas Studios

The Apothecary hesitated for a moment and finally nodded at Wu Zheng beside him. Wu Zheng went forward quietly and pushed open the tightly-shut door.

The moment the door was pushed open, a strong blood smell greeted them!

The smell was so intense that one could faint from it!

The scene inside made the calm Zhou Xuan shudder and breathe with difficulty.

Hundreds of heads were piled in the courtyard of Spirit Condensation Mountain Village like a tower of skulls. Crimson dried blood hardened on the almost-decomposed skulls. L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

Over three hundred skulls were piled in the courtyard so glaringly. Crimson blood covered the entire courtyard as though a demonic blood-colored flower was in full bloom while the hundreds of skulls formed the core of the flower of death. Along with the intense smell of death in the air, the image was imprinted in everyone's eyes.

In an instant, Zhou Xuan and the rest turned pale.

Even if he knew that Spirit Condensation Mountain Village would be gory, he did not expect that... skulls would be piled up like mountains. On the decomposed skulls, worms were crawling around inside the rotten flesh, while eyeballs that were left half-eaten by crows hung in the eye sockets as though they were still looking at the group at the door. It was freaky and twisted.

The mixture of the rotting smell and blood smell caused one's stomach to churn.

"Blargh..." A Xuanling Sect disciple vomited at the smell.

Zhou Xuan's face lost all color. Only until then did he finally realized why the Apothecary added that one sentence. Even for him, a self-praised experienced and knowledgeable person, vomit was at the back of his throat when he saw the sight.

The other disciple's face turned green as well, and it was evident that he was on the verge of puking from disgust.

Even Lin Long's face turned white.

Among all of them, only Ye Qingtang's expression was the same as usual as she took a calm look at the tragic hell-looking place.

"We were worried that we would spoil the clues so... we have never touched the things here," the Apothecary said softly after seeing everyone's expression.

After Spirit Condensation Mountain Village was washed in blood in a night, they did not even dare to move anything in the village and only waited for the Xuanling Sect to send people over to investigate. Thus, they did not touch anything in the village, and the place remained the way it was initially.

Moreover, they had already used some powder which could prevent the corpses from decomposing rapidly, though the fact that they had decomposed could not be covered, and the powder was only able to stall for time.

Zhou Xuan faked a calm front and nodded, but the tightly-frowned brows revealed his emotions at that instant. "Do all these skulls... belong to Spirit Condensation Mountain Village?"

"Yes." The Apothecary nodded and raised a hand, pointing to the skull at the top of the mountain of skulls. "That skull belongs to our Village Master, Wu Chengze. In the layer below it, those skulls belong to the wife of the Village Master and the three Young Village Masters..."

Zhou Xuan did not want to look at those frightening skulls anymore, but it was not convenient for him to show it. After all, these still required to be investigated. Suddenly, Zhou Xuan looked another way and at Ye Qingtang, whose expression was the same as usual.