Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2132: A Disparity Of 300 Years (3)

The middle-aged man, Luo Sheng, nodded. When he looked at Ye Qingtang, there was no longer any impatience in his eyes. Instead, they were filled with an approving light.

This kid might not be that powerful but this level of understanding of cultivation techniques was a rare talent. If they used her method to teach, they might be able to bring about some positive changes to the Netherworld Academy.

Ye Qingtang heaved a secret sigh of relief. It appeared that she had made the right decision.

She might not be that powerful but her knowledge of martial arts garnered 300 years into the future, definitely surpassed the current understanding. It should be no problem at all for her to handle.

After all, the knowledge she possessed had been tested and refined by countless strong practitioners over 300 years!

Luo Sheng left with Ye Qingtang. As they passed by Di Nuo, he looked somewhat awkward. His sarcastic words toward Ye Qingtang earlier were now like a slap thrown right back at his own face.

He could hardly believe that this piece of trash was able to become a teacher at the Netherworld Academy.

But the truth of the matter had his confidence shattered...

... Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

After Luo Sheng and Ye Qingtang left.

Di Nuo could no longer hold back. “Vice-President, are you really going to allow him to become a teacher at the Netherworld Academy?”

The elder sitting in front of the table was indeed the Vice-President of the Netherworld Academy, Wen Qi!

Wen Qi nodded. “He might not be that powerful but his understanding of martial art techniques is extraordinary. I have never seen such an advanced level of understanding in anyone else before.”

Wen Qi looked very pleased as he explained.

Di Nuo’s face turned somewhat grim but he did not dare to express too much displeasure in front of Wen Qi.

“Vice-President, please allow me to say this. This kid’s powers are too lousy. If he becomes a teacher at the Netherworld Academy, I am afraid we would be subject to criticism from some others. His presence would make the Netherworld Academy a laughingstock. Anyway... he was just talking about some foundational techniques. No one knows whether or not it will work, and what kind of results would be achieved. You cannot risk our reputation just because he has made some bold claims...”

Di Nuo really couldn’t tolerate having someone of Ye Qingtang’s cultivation level present as a teacher. The thought of having to be a teacher together with a piece of trash like that, he felt that was a major disgrace.

The Netherworld Academy was the top academy in the mainland. Every single teacher here was an exemplary practitioner. Any one of them could easily become a top fighter.

Of course Wen Qi had considered this point. But Ye Qingtang’s words had truly amazed him.

“This is only a temporary situation. I need to observe and test him over some time. If he is found to be lacking, he will not become a true teacher at our academy.”

At that, Di Nuo heaved a sigh of relief.

“If Vice-President wants to test if his methods are effective, you can pick a few students for him to mentor as a trial.” Di Nuo suddenly suggested.

“That is possible.” Wen Qi nodded. “You can pick the students. I will have Luo Sheng observe. He will manage the situation if anything happens.”

Wen Qi was just hiring Ye Qingtang to try out some new methods. He always believed that foundational techniques were very important to one’s cultivation. That was why he paid close attention to this.

It was just that foundational techniques were typically ingrained over a long period of time, making it very difficult to introduce any improvements. Ye Qingtang’s appearance gave Wen Qi an opportunity to try something new.