Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2144: You Dare To Hit My Student? (3)

The teenage girls were all stunned by the sudden appearance of the black flame. They instinctively turned toward the source.

A frail youth with delicate features suddenly appeared by the side.

“Who are you?” Meng Yao frowned at the sudden appearance of that youth. She saw that he was already in his twenties but didn’t have a high cultivation level. Arrogance and disdain flashed across her eyes.

Looking at the chaotic scene before her, Ye Qingtang ignored Meng Yao’s words and only walked over to Mu Ziying.

Mu Ziying appeared oblivious to everything. She just kept staring fixedly at the doll in Meng Yao’s hands, suddenly pouncing forward to snatch it back. As Meng Yao didn’t expect Mu Ziying to pounce again, she was furious and lifted her hand in reflex to smack Mu Ziying across the face.

But her hand was restrained before her palm made contact.

Meng Yao stared incredulously at Ye Qingtang, who was grasping her hand.

“Let go of my hand if you don’t wish to die. Otherwise I will beat you up too!” Meng Yao stated coldly.

“Oh? You can try.” Ye Qingtang smiled.

“You’re asking for it!” Meng Yao narrowed her eyes and attacked Ye Qingtang. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

With the hint of a smile at the corners of her lips, Ye Qingtang lifted her leg slightly and suddenly withdrew. But she purposely slowed down toward the end, so that the draft from Meng Yao’s palm just managed to brush past her shoulder.

Meng Yao was full of disdain when she saw Ye Qingtang’s ducking movement.

“Netherworld Academy, rule number 321.” Ye Qingtang suddenly spoke up.

Meng Yao was taken aback. She had no idea why this crazy youth was suddenly talking about the academy regulations.

“Offence against a teacher. 15 strokes of the cane.” Ye Qingtang continued.

“What a joke. Who do you think you are?” Meng Yao snorted.

Ye Qingtang remained silent but she lifted her hand and a black flame shot out of her hand to bind Meng Yao.

Meng Yao was at the Paragon Seventh Heaven level. She never expected herself to be restrained by a Paragon Sixth Heaven level. Bound by the flames, she was completely unable to move. Every time she tried to struggle, a searing burning sensation would spread across her body.

“What are you all still standing there for? Beat her up!” Meng Yao shouted at the stupefied group of teenage girls.

Those teenage girls snapped out of their daze and immediately charged toward Ye Qingtang. The scuffle finally snapped Mu Ziying out of her own trance.

Surprise flashed across her eyes the moment she noticed the calm-looking Ye Qingtang standing in the midst of the group.

“Teacher... Teacher Ye?”

Those teenage girls immediately halted at her voice.

What did that damn girl just call this youth?

Teacher Ye?!

For a moment there, everyone was dumbstruck.

They finally realized why the youth had recited the academy regulations earlier...

The Netherworld Academy held teachers in very high regard. Any student who dared to attack a teacher... they would be dragged to the discipline hall to receive 15 strokes of the cane!

The hint of a smile appeared in Ye Qingtang’s eyes when she saw that Mu Ziying had recovered herself. She turned toward the restrained Meng Yao.

“You wanted to know who I am, right?”

Meng Yao was stunned.

Ye Qingtang said mildly, “I am Mu Ziying’s teacher.”

The scalps of Meng Yao and her gang went numb at Ye Qingtang’s words. They never expected that this normal-looking youth would be a teacher!