Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2149: Teaching (2)

Ye Qingtang nodded slightly.

Jing Ze also snapped out of his trance and bowed.

Ye Qingtang was in no hurry. She asked about Jing Ze’s progress before pointing out some mistakes in his cultivation and advising him on how to improve while Jing Ze listened attentively. Neither of them noticed that Mu Ziying was also carefully listening to their discussion.

Mu Ziying had pretty high innate talents, but as her bloodline was too unique, she found it very difficult to practice normal cultivation techniques. However, she had a very high level of comprehension. She could not understand every single thing from Ye Qingtang and Jing Ze’s discussion, but she could comprehend certain parts and those were already enough to amaze her.

This Teacher Ye... had turned all the proper rules of cultivation upside down. But there was still order in the chaos. And it was even more brilliant.

All that was shared didn’t look like things that a person who was only at the Paragon Sixth Heaven level could know... The more Mu Ziying heard, the more she couldn’t figure out this teacher.

Teacher Ye didn’t seem to be as lousy as they first thought...

Mu Ziying had originally only wanted to learn the Spirit Control Line technique from Ye Qingtang. But after hearing her discussion with Jing Ze, she inadvertently absorbed and refined all that information inside her mind.

After advising Jing Ze, Ye Qingtang had him go to the side to continue practicing. She then went to Mu Ziying to talk about the Spirit Control Line.

The Spirit Control Line was actually not complicated but before that Puppet Grandmaster created this technique, no one had thought of such a thing. Ye Qingtang explained the basics of the Spirit Control Line to Mu Ziying, who very quickly understood everything. However... the more Mu Ziying listened to Ye Qingtang’s explanation, the more shocked she became.

How did Teacher Ye manage to come up with such a simple method, completely reforming the normal techniques of current puppet masters?

“Teacher Ye, you are so amazing.” Mu Ziying spoke with sincerity. Her eyes sparkled as she gazed at Ye Qingtang.

She had wanted to learn puppet skills but the current puppet cultivation techniques were very complicated. One would never be able to control a puppet at will without dozens of years of hard work. But with this Spirit Control Line, Mu Ziying could grasp the method to control puppets within a short period. It shortened the time needed by a hundredfold! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

And the effects were even better.

“At level one of the Spirit Control Line, you will only be able to control your puppet within a range of five meters. But this range can be increased if you manage to practice to higher levels. Not only will the range increase, but your controlling skills will also improve.” Ye Qingtang continued to explain. Ye Qingtang had used Mu Ziying’s puppet during her demonstration of the Spirit Control Line. As a result, she could only control within a range of about three meters. Mu Ziying would be controlling her own puppet and so her range was naturally wider.

Puppet masters were a rare occupation. In her previous life, Ye Qingtang only discovered the existence of such people when she arrived at the Second Domain. Nevertheless, although puppet masters were rare, they had astonishing battle prowess. Especially after the creation of the Spirit Control Line...

Ye Qingtang had personally seen a puppet master control a 10,000-strong puppet army from a thousand miles away. The army destroyed an entire city within minutes. The citizens all died before they could even see clearly who their enemy was.

It was rumored that the Puppet Grandmaster who created the Spirit Control Line could control up to a million puppets...

Just the thought of that could make one’s scalp go numb. One person possessing the power of a million. It was a terrifying level of battle prowess.

Not only that, as the puppet master’s cultivation level rose, the powers of his puppets would likewise increase...