Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2199: Identity (2)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Yun Chen had thought that Ye Qing was just a teacher with a profound understanding of martial arts at first. But the more interactions he had with the mysterious teacher, the more he was suspicious of his identity.

After all, he looked like he was in his twenties at most and didn’t look particularly outstanding but none of the students in the Netherworld Academy could compare to him.

Teacher Ye could even produce an elixir purer than the one the President of the medicine faculty could produce. He could also control the spirit lines and knew so much about the four of them...

There was no way the teacher in front of him was a mere twenty year old.

Martial arts wasn’t that difficult to understand but no matter how evil someone was, it wasn’t possible to produce such a pure elixir in such a short time.

It wasn’t possible even if he had started when he was born!

As for the spirit lines...

He had heard sage mention before that one needed to be proficient in medical knowledge and practice for a hundred years at least before they could master it. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

And even so, they had to be extremely careful.

However...

Yun Chen looked at Ye Qing who was looking at the four people relaxedly and his lips started twitching.

Could it be...

Teacher Ye was a master physician who had already lived for many years? As well as an Alchemist Grand Master?

It was the only reason he could come up with to explain all of this. If it was true, Teacher Ye’s age was way above twenty. He could be over a hundred...

His gaze towards him became respectful.

Ye Qingtang, who was in truth only sixteen years old, had no idea about the change in Yun Chen. She had been forced to study alchemy and medicine in her past life which had given her an air of mystery now.

2

But she was unaware of all this.

Her attention was focused on her students.

Among the four of them, Mu Ziying’s performance made her the most excited.

Perhaps it was because she was the youngest, but she could feel the phoenix elixir having the most obvious and fastest effect on her. Through the spirit lines, Ye Qingtang could feel her mental energy rising rapidly.

She wasn’t sure if it was just an illusion but the eyes of the wooden doll in her embrace seemed to shine as Mu Ziying’s mental energy increased.

As though it was coming to life.

The second was Nangong Lie.

His mind was in such a hurry that he could calm down enough to train, but the sky elixir steadied his heart. He had never immersed himself in his training as much as he did today before.

The once lazy him was giving his best shot now and the improvement was startling.

As for Jing Ze and Lei Yan, their progress was slightly slower.

But this was all within her expectations.

It was extremely difficult to nourish bloodlines, and even after three hundred years, there were only a few elixirs that affected it.

As for bone structure...

There was no rushing it, only nourishing it day by day and growing stronger slowly.

Ye Qingtang recorded their progress one by one. After confirming that there were no concerns, she let go of her spirit line.

She had been busy with making the elixirs the past few days and as a result, her cultivation had slipped. After handing the four over to Yun Chen, she went back to her room to cultivate.

It was too much of a waste of time to teach these children like this.. She had to think of a perfect method to improve herself and the children at the same time.