Chapter 221: Hidden Danger (3)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Everyone stood at the side to wait for the Apothecary. However, the Apothecary’s face was getting more and more unpleasant. When he lifted up Junior Brother Liu’s top, he stood up in shock and stepped back.

“Blood plague… It’s the blood plague!” The Apothecary voice also changed.

Everyone froze when the Apothecary shouted.

There was a patch of red spots on Junior Brother Liu’s body. The red spots were getting clearer as his body shivered.

Zhou Xuan immediately felt cold sweat on his face.

Blood plague was an extremely fatal plague that usually broke out after a natural disaster in the affected areas. When corpses piled up and decayed, blood plague might break out.

Zhou Xuan was still worried about this, but he did not expect it to happen for real.

The disciple who helped Junior Brother Liu was taken aback when he heard about the blood plague. He fell to the ground and started shivering. “I… I just touched him… Senior Brother Zhou, I just touched him…”

The blood plague could be spread through physical contact. It spread very fast, and the whole blood system would be contaminated in a short period of time. It was very difficult to cure that. People who cultivate were more scared of the damage towards their spirit roots. At the early stage of the blood plague, the contaminated blood would corrode the spirit root. Even if the person were cured, the damaged spirit root could not be restored.

The spirit root was the foundation for cultivation. If it were damaged, the cultivation road would terminate right there.

Zhou Xuan could hear the buzzing sound in his head. He sighed in relief that he did not touch any corpse today. If not… he would be the person lying there.

“Apothecary, please help to take a look at the rest of my Juniors,” Zhou Xuan said and took a deep breath. His eyesight landed on Ye Qingtang.

They did not have much contact with the corpses today. Junior Brother Liu only touched the corpse once. The closest contact he had was the dagger he took over from Ye Qingtang, the one with the pus on it.

If Junior Brother Liu was infected by that, Ye Qingtang…

There was a trace of malice appearing in Zhou Xuan’s eyes. He might not need to eliminate Ye Qingtang by himself.

Furthermore… it would take a period of time for the blood plague to be fatal. He could ask Ye Qingtang to continue the investigation during this period of time. That would be the best ending.

The Apothecary did a checkup for the rest of the three people.

There were red spots on the arms of the shocked disciple and Lin Long. Their state of infection was much lighter when compared to Junior Brother Liu.

However, Ye Qingtang, who had the most contact with the corpses, did not have any trace of the blood plague.

Zhou Xuan was surprised by the results. He did not forget to go through the checkup, and luckily, there was no red spot on his body.

However… Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Among the five people who came, three were infected with the blood plague. That was not good news. Zhou Xuan frowned.

Ye Qingtang was a little surprised when she saw the few not so obvious red spots on Lin Long’s arm.

There was no information about the blood plague in her previous life when the tragedy of the Spirit Condensation Mountain Village happened.

However… why did the blood plague suddenly occur?