Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2232: A Gathering (1)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“I will thank Boss for this present in advance then.” Qin Feng cupped his fists in respect at Ye Qing.

Ye Qingtang was slightly taken aback. She couldn’t help smiling at him.

This kid had a backbone. By accepting this gift, he was already determined that he wouldn’t be defeated by mental demons? FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

At this point, Ye Qingtang had no idea that her conversation with Qin Feng that night would create an elite, indomitable clan...

The Qin family, which should have faded into oblivion, would soon welcome a new glorious era.

The next morning, to prevent those brats from encountering the other factions, she had them practice to improve and stabilize their abilities first, instead of leaving immediately.

Ye Qingtang herself quietly ventured inward of the Evil Soul Forest, to another place to probe the situation. Although she did not meet any factions, Ye Qingtang discovered quite a number of demon carcasses in the forest, as well as some human corpses..

It was clear that those factions had already ventured toward the core region of the Evil Soul Forest and killed off the demons they encountered on the way.

Ye Qingtang did not know exactly how many people came this time. But she estimated that with so much commotion, humans might not be the only ones here. She estimated that the other alien races might have also come forth.

Taking care as she followed the traces of the fighting, Ye Qingtang slowly inched her way into the core region.

She was not that interested in the fiendcelestial’s treasure. The only thing she wanted was the Evil Fruit.

But she did not know if the Evil Fruit was inside the fiendcelestial’s tomb.

Ye Qingtang followed those tracks and ventured into the deeper regions. The entire time, the Night Soul Beast remained firmly in Ye Qingtang’s arms.

As she traveled deeper, the surrounding air took on a sticky feeling. Wafts of death energy could be smelled in the air. The further she traveled, the more corpses could be seen.

Bodies of demons, humans, beasts, and the various alien races were strewn all over. Those who had just lost their lives would be gradually swallowed by the dim Evil Soul Forest, going back into the great earth, to become part of this forest.

Just from the sight of this, it could be seen just how many factions were venturing into the Evil Soul Forest. Coming here, Ye Qingtang never expected to encounter so many major factions invading the Evil Soul Forest.

“It looks like there are no Night Soul Beast’s carcasses...” Ye Qingtang scanned the area. She had seen many demon corpses but no Night Soul Beasts at all.

It was rumored that the Night Soul Beasts were the guardians of this forest, and had an existence that made the outside world tremble in fear. But apart from the one in Ye Qingtang’s arms, she had not seen other Night Soul Beasts.

It was all very strange.

“Where are all your fellow beasts? The Evil Soul Forest is being invaded by various factions. Why haven’t your comrades come out to protect the forest?” Ye Qingtang looked down at the Night Soul Beast in her arms.

The Night Soul Beast rolled its eyes at Ye Qingtang, displaying no intention of answering.

Just as Ye Qingtang was feeling bewildered, the vibration of subtle spirit energy appeared in the air somewhere in front. She followed that energy to take a look.

In the deeper regions of the Evil Soul Forest, it was all deadly quiet. But a large number of factions had gathered here.

The low roars of a massive beast could be heard. A dark gold carriage was erected on its spine, with a small figure hidden inside.