Chapter 2250: Matrix Path (3)

The sight of those eyes made their spines tingle.

Lei Yan’s legs went soft. Luckily Qin Feng was fast and immediately grabbed his shoulder. Wiping the sweat from his forehead, he nodded.

They were a crowd of nearly 10,000 people. But there was barely any noise.

Ye Qingtang was right at the front. She moved gracefully and steadily.

The demon child did not fully believe in Ye Qingtang’s words. So not only did he not make any noise, he only stepped exactly where Ye Qingtang stepped previously, not differing even an inch.

After traveling for several meters, nothing strange happened.

But at this moment, an ominous wind suddenly appeared from the deeper regions of the tomb.

Suddenly, a vast number of grey-white ghoulish figures flowed onto the Matrix Path.

“Argh!!”

The sudden appearance of those ghouls shocked everyone. Forgetting Ye Qingtang’s warning, someone instinctively screamed.

In the next second, all the evil demon statues came to life.

The person who screamed finally realized things were not right. Under the shadow of death, he charged through the crowd and fled to the back, trying to flee from this Matrix Path, to escape this tomb!

His heavy footsteps seem to startle all the evil demons. The statues on both sides immediately moved and dashed toward the man.

Squish!

A weird noise rang out.

Within mere seconds, a stone trident pierced right through the person’s body, pinning the person to the ground. That person managed to flee a good distance and had just reached Lei Yan and his group.

But in the next second, he was pinned to the ground by that trident.

Lei Yan and the rest widened their eyes in shock.

That person was still alive. His eyes were wide with fear and he reached out.

“Save… save me… I still want to…”

Before he could complete his sentence, that person’s face stiffened. His legs were being lifted and twisted.

Sounds of bones cracking could be heard.

It was like an invisible force had gripped this person’s limbs. His legs were twisted into a pretzel shape while his arms were pulled backward and then tied in a dead knot.

Shattered bone pierced through his flesh, fresh blood spraying all over the faces of Lei Yan and his group.

Watching this gory scene up close, Lei Yan couldn’t help wanting to scream.

Luckily he had eaten the mute elixir, otherwise…

Good grief, Lei Yan didn’t even dare to think about it.

The tortured man was on his dying breath. The trident flew back into the hands of one of the evil demons, bringing the man with it.

Licking the bloodied man, the evil demon’s long tongue went all over the gruesome body before calm finally descended.

It was silent again and all the evil demons went back to their original positions.

Now, everyone finally understood why those first batch of men who had rushed in had all died in that twisted manner…

Elder Feng’s face looked rather grim. Looking at those floating grey-white ghoul figures, he instinctively made to continue forward.

But at this moment, he suddenly felt something tugging at his leg. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

He looked down.

And saw a newborn infant who looked as if he had just come out of his mother’s womb. He reached out his bloodied hands and was grabbing the hem of Elder Feng’s trousers.

That infant was covered in blood and his eyes were gouged out, leaving behind two pitch-black holes.

Elder Feng felt his scalp go numb.

He bit his tongue and swallowed down the scream that has threatened to burst out of his throat. Feeling the pain, the tugging on his trousers lessened slightly.