Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 224: Blood Plague (3)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Ye Qingtang sent Lin Long back to her room. Her brain was filled with thoughts. She did not return to her room and left the place.

When Ye Qingtang just stepped out of the pavilion house, Wu Zheng appeared at the entrance of the pavilion house. He squinted his eyes as he witnessed Ye Qingtang walking towards the Spirit Condensation Mountain Village. There was a complex expression in his eyes.

The sky darkened as Ye Qingtang stepped into the bloody Spirit Condensation Mountain Village alone. At dusk, the blood stains seemed to be shadowed and were more gloomy.

In the front yard, crows were landing on the rotten skulls and pecking the flesh. Ye Qingtang’s arrival shocked the crows. They chirped and flew away, creating sparkling shadows on the blood stains.

The little lightning dragon was disturbed by the sound and stretched out its head.

Ye Qingtang gently touched its head and scanned through the gloomy place. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

A plague might be terrifying for the rest, but it was nothing to her.

With the Heart of the Demon God in her, she was not scared of any filthy and evil things. She would not get infected or hurt by any plague or poison.

This…

This might be the greatest gift for Ye Qingtang.

Ye Qingtang only saw the skulls in the front yard during the day. When she walked down the street towards the interior part of the Spirit Condensation Mountain Village, she then witnessed how crazy the bloodshed was.

The once beautiful mountain village was destroyed by the bloodshed. Corpses could be seen everywhere lying on the ground.

There were corpses on the ground with every few steps she took. It seemed to be hell under the dusk.

Just as Zhou Xuan and the rest discovered, there were no traces of struggling on the corpses. All the corpses lied on the ground flat. It was obvious that they did not die in horror or fear.

There was one point that made Ye Qingtang feel peculiar.

The murderer seemed to have a weird preference. Besides chopping off all the heads, he splashed the endless blood in the entire mountain village. Every inch of the stone floor was splashed with blood. The whole mountain village was red in color now.

Ye Qingtang walked through the hell-like mountain village expressionlessly and scanned through every single corpse.

However, she did not notice that there was a pair of eyes in the dark gazing at her secretly.

Ye Qingtang wandered around in the mountain village for quite a long time and checked through all the corners.

Though the blood was everywhere, there was no single drop of blood at the front and back gates of the mountain village. There was only overflowed blood through the gaps of the gate that exposed the bloodshed in the mountain village.

Three hundred lives were taken here. When night came, the wind howled as the evil spirit screamed beside the ears.

Ye Qingtang took a few rounds before stopping beside a young corpse.

The corpses did not look old. It belonged to a four or five-year-old child. According to the information written in the files, it was possible that this was Wu Chengze eldest son’s child…

The cold body lied flat on the stone ground. Ye Qingtang stretched her hands slowly and lifted the child’s corpse. She walked to the room at the side and placed the child on the soft mattress.