Chapter 2259: Escape (5)

Things were not looking good. The major factions had probably already discovered something was wrong and were trying to leave the illusory space.

It would not take long before they came chasing after them. She had to take them across the river as soon as possible.

“Close off your senses!” Ye Qingtang commanded. Dispelling the flaming wall, she leaped forward, diving straight into the dark river water. Lei Yan and the rest were likewise pulled into the water!

The Night Soul Beast was still in a daze by the side when it was dragged into the water by Ye Qingtang.

The Night Soul Beast: “…”

But since it had already signed a contract with Ye Qingtang, as much as it wanted to, it couldn’t just kick Ye Qingtang aside now and escape on its own.

The chilly water enveloped them. Lei Yan and the rest had already shut their senses but allowed their bodies to maintain a swimming mode. In the darkness of the water, they could not see or hear anything. Only the rope tied at their waists guided them forward.

Ye Qingtang was right at the front, she was the only one who could see. Right after diving into the water, countless undead mermaids appeared from the depths of the river. They looked like a swarm of fish, swimming toward them.

Those undead mermaids opened their jaws wide, charging madly at the group and surrounding them. Lei Yan and the rest had shut their senses and didn’t know what was happening.

The mermaids’ singing voices echoed through the water. If one closed his eyes and just listened, it was intoxicating. But the sight of those heinous faces was spine-chilling. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Ye Qingtang swam quickly, continuously shooting out black flames from her hands to break through the mermaids blocking their way.

Thankfully those mermaids were not very powerful. Their most terrifying trait was their ability to seduce. They could make someone drown without him even realizing it, then his body would decay and become their food. Soon after, his soul would forever be trapped in this tomb.

But as long as one could fend against the allure of those undead mermaids, they weren’t that terrifying.

Ye Qingtang had the Heart of the Heavenly Dao and the Deity Ocean inside her body. This gave her an exceptionally strong mental power and so these undead mermaids did not affect her. Even so, just the sight of being surrounded by so many undead mermaids was enough to make one’s heart shudder.

It was a very long river and who knew how long it would take before they reached the end.

Countless undead mermaids swam continuously around them, trying to lure these people into the watery depths.

Ye Qingtang continued to make her way forward. Luckily the Night Soul Beast was around and those mermaids did not dare to attack them directly.

As the guardian beast of the Evil Soil Forest, the Night Soul Beast was born from the fiendcelestial’s power. To these undead mermaids, who were not that powerful, the Night Soul Beast had a certain subduing effect.

This was also why Ye Qingtang dared to bring everyone into the water. Without the Night Soul Beast, those mermaids would probably have already pounced on them and devoured them down to the bone.

Ye Qingtang suddenly discovered a beam of light in the water. The light originated from somewhere in the depths of the river. Ye Qingtang’s eyes lit up.

In her previous life, people who visited the tomb said that this river was boundless. One would never be able to swim from end to end. So there was only one way to leave this boundless river, and it was in the depths of the river…

Ye Qingtang immediately dragged Lei Yan and the rest toward that beam of light in the depths!

The immense water pressure made Ye Qingtang feel like her internal organs were being squeezed together. If she didn’t use her spirit energy to protect her body, this tremendous pressure was enough to squash a human into paste.