Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2271: Exploring The Tomb Again (1)

After returning to the cave and resting for a night, Lei Yan and the others were duly reprimanded by Ye Qing. Now, the teenagers were as obedient as dogs.

Ye Qing’s word was the law.

After settling them in and giving them her instructions, Ye Qingtang made some preparations before leading the Night Soul Beast toward the fiendcelestial’s tomb once more.

She specially found an empty spot of time when none of the factions were outside the tomb, and quickly entered it.

With her prior experience and her memories from her previous life, Ye Qingtang’s second venture into the tomb went very smoothly.

But there was a difference from her first time. The entire tomb was now filled with the thick stench of blood.

On the Matrix Path, Ye Qingtang glanced at the densely-packed evil demon statues and saw a mess of blood and flesh. Countless bodies were piled beneath the feet of those statues. Fresh blood had dyed the entire ground a deep red.

An endless sea of pulverized flesh and internal organs were piled together. Crushed by the statues, those bodies were completely deformed. They looked like mounds of fleshy pulp stacked around the statues.

In her first experience entering the tomb, the place had been filled with a strange aura.

But now, this place was like hell on earth.

Walking past the Matrix Path and stepping into the palace with the illusory doors, the formerly pristine grounds were also strewn with countless bodies. All the doors looked like they had been opened. Bloodstains streaked the edges of the doorways.

There were different sorts of illusory doors. Ye Qingtang had just wanted to divert the attention of the various factions, and so had chosen the safest one for them.

Inside that particular door, one would only experience certain illusions. It was not that lethal. But the other doors… were fatal.

Amongst so many doors, there was only one which would lead to the true path forward…

A single misstep could bring endless calamity.

Ye Qingtang took a deep breath. Only two weeks had passed and the inside of the fiendcelestial’s tomb was already covered in corpses. The number of people who had died was already beyond estimation.

An increasing number of major factions and an increasing number of powerful practitioners had come in. But in the end, none of them managed to make it out alive.

Passing through the illusory door, Ye Qingtang arrived at the boundless river. She had made a special mark at the place where she dived into the river. The entire route was imprinted in her memory and she followed that route as she swam inside the river.

Those undead mermaids swam in the waters. Ye Qingtang personally saw them dragging those who had already drowned into the depths.

Even the waters were filled with the thick taste of blood. Bits of flesh which had been torn off floated in the water, making the river even murkier.

After leaving the boundless river, Ye Qingtang finally arrived at a familiar tunnel. She pushed herself onwards until she soon found the dazzling scene.

But before Ye Qingtang arrived at the fiendcelestial’s treasure trove, piteous cries echoed from somewhere up front.

Loud wails and softer whimperings echoed into the tunnel. Those cries plus the smell of blood made one feel as if they had accidentally stepped onto the stairway to hell. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Ye Qingtang frowned slightly as she quickened her steps.

When she arrived at the entrance of the treasure trove, she saw that it had turned into hell on earth…