Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2276: Black Snake (3)

The Night Soul Beast who had been dragged away by Ye Qingtang could only watch as its own kind were tricked into fighting with that black snake. It looked extremely aggrieved.

Despicable!

Shameless!

Ye Qingtang heaved a secret sigh of relief. Following her memory, she located the exit and was prepared to leave as soon as possible.

But the moment she saw the exit, the entire tomb suddenly shook violently. It was like the entire tomb was about to collapse.

Shocked, she tried her best to steady herself. But the powerful vibrations threw her to the other side!

Bam! Ye Qingtang crashed into the wall at the side of the exit.

A large crack appeared on the wall where Ye Qingtang crashed into it.

Before she could steady herself, a second wave of violent tremors came. This time, she ended up completely crashing straight through the wall. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

She and the Night Soul Beast both fell into the wall.

The ground continued to shake and Ye Qingtang was unable to see at all in the darkness.

She did not dare to move, fearing that she had inadvertently landed in another region of the tomb. Who knew what kind of trap would be triggered if she moved.

After a long time, the vibrations finally stopped. Only then did Ye Qingtang manage to see her surroundings clearly.

It was a completely sealed-off secret room. It was not very big and there appeared to be nothing strange about it. Ye Qingtang did not remember hearing about such a room in her previous life.

Ye Qingtang was in no mood to examine this secret room. She wanted to escape back into the hole in the wall, and leave this tomb immediately.

But just as Ye Qingtang was prepared to leave, a massive black figure appeared at the hole in the wall.

Familiar blood-red eyes shone directly through the hole.

Ye Qingtang felt like all the blood in her body had instantly frozen.

The black snake had already shaken off those Night Soul Beasts and caught up with her. Now, standing on the other side of the wall, it was looking right at her through that hole.

Doomed…

She couldn’t escape after all.

It was as if Ye Qingtang could feel her own death approaching.

Being forced into this secret room, she had nowhere to run. She could only stand there and be slaughtered by that black snake.

Ye Qingtang was resigned to her fate.

But…

The black snake suddenly moved and those blood-red eyes swiveled, as it was looking at something else, and not at Ye Qingtang.

The black snake didn’t attack. It just kept swaying its head, as if trying to look for something.

Ye Qingtang was confused. The black snake’s attacks had always been swift and direct. She had taken the Evil Fruit from the demon tree and there was no reason for the black snake to hesitate.

Just as Ye Qingtang was feeling puzzled, that black snake suddenly lifted its head and banged it into the hole.

Ye Qingtang was startled. The black snake was finally breaking into this secret room to kill her.

But a strange scene played out before Ye Qingtang…

As that black snake banged into the hole, it seemed to be banging against some invisible force.

With a loud crash, it remained separated on the outside of the secret room. There seemed to be something around that hole, which was blocking the advancement of the black snake.

Frustrated, the black snake kept banging against the wall but was completely unable to enter the secret room. Its eyes scanned the area but never really landed on Ye Qingtang.