Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2283: Moving Up (4)

The sight of that dank and dark tomb, along with the terrifyingly familiar Matrix Path… Just thinking of it made Lei Yan’s hair stand on end.

Previously, Mu Ziying had been knocked unconscious and so she didn’t have much memory of the Matrix Path. Everything she knew had been told to her by Lei Yan and the others.

Now that she was seeing the countless evil demon statues first-hand, the amount of bloodied flesh and corpses seemed to be much more than what Lei Yan and the others had described previously.

The teenagers had no idea why Ye Qing would want to come to this godforsaken place. But since Boss was already leading the way, they had no choice but to steel their resolve and follow him.

Luckily they had already been through once, and so although still very fearful, they didn’t panic.

After passing the Matrix Path and the illusory doors, Ye Qing led them through the boundless river.

They were now once again at the treasure trove.

But it was different from the previous time. Throughout this whole journey, the smell of blood was more intense, with piles of bodies as high as mountains.

It transformed this tomb into a hell on earth.

Ye Qingtang was very careful when she entered the treasure trove. She only led the group forward after making sure the black snake had no intention of making an appearance.

Halfway, Ye Qingtang surveyed the treasures at the side and noticed a severed head that was already decaying.

That head was much smaller than an adult’s and looked like it belonged to a child. But the decay made it such that the features were no longer discernible. However…

Ye Qingtang saw an exquisite earring on the rotting ear.

It was the demon child’s earring…

Ye Qingtang gave a quiet sigh.

During her observation of the Evil Soul Forest the past few days, she didn’t see any Night Soul Beasts. The hibernation period seemed to be endlessly prolonged.

The hibernation period of the Night Soul Beasts should be only three to four days. But now, there seemed to be no end to it.

Without the Night Soul Beasts around, the various factions would feel that the Evil Soul Forest was much less dangerous. If not for this hibernation period, none of the major factions would dare to come here.

But why were the Night Soul Beasts all still in hibernation?

Ye Qingtang was puzzled.

They arrived at the cave filled with slumbering Night Soul Beasts. They looked as if they had never been awakened. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Ye Qingtang carefully led the teenagers past the sleeping beasts.

Lei Yan and the rest had been on high alert the entire journey. They were also very curious about this sacred cultivation ground mentioned by Ye Qing.

But as they followed Ye Qing, they realized…

Wasn’t this the way out of the fiendcelestial’s tomb?

What was Boss trying to do?

They were nearly out of this place now!

But when they arrived at the exit, Ye Qing suddenly stopped. Scanning the surrounding walls, she lifted her hand and reached out according to her memory.

The teenagers found it very strange at first but were completely stunned after they saw Ye Qing’s hand pass right through the wall.

After confirming that she could still access the secret room, Ye Qingtang had Mu Ziying and the rest directly enter. The teenagers passed through the illusion and entered the secret room. Their faces were filled with astonishment.

“What… what is this place? Boss, how did you discover this place?”

Ye Qingtang didn’t say anything.

Back then she had accidentally stumbled across this room. But since it was a great place to cultivate, of course she had to make good use of it.

“Just sit down on this array formation and start cultivating.”