Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2284: Moving Up (5)

Ye Qingtang had already planned this from the previous time as she was leaving the tomb. There was not that much time left until the Inter-Academy Competition, so she had to use every possible means to improve their powers in the fastest time possible.

Moreover, Ye Qingtang had planned to release her restrained cultivation stage when back in camp. But when she circulated the aura in her body, she had accidentally activated the Deity Ocean.

Ye Qingtang’s suppression on her cultivation stage had been maxed out. But as the power of the Deity Ocean spread, quite a bit of extra space appeared…

This meant that Ye Qingtang could continue to cultivate using her cultivation stage suppression technique.

If all went according to plan… If she could cultivate for more time in the secret room, she would ascend straight to the Divine Lord stage after removing the restraints!

The teenagers didn’t know what Ye Qing was thinking, but they obediently followed Ye Qing’s instructions and started to cultivate. As they cultivated, they soon realized there was something different about this secret room.

Pure energy surged continuously into their bodies, greatly delighting those teenagers.

There were many sacred cultivation grounds in the various academies which could enhance the speed of cultivation. But the criteria to enter those sacred grounds were very strict. Amongst them, only Qin Feng had visited such places.

Even so, Qin Feng felt that the effectiveness of this secret room was far better than even the best sacred cultivation ground in those academies!

They all knew that if Ye Qing had not personally led them here, they would never have found this place.

Even if they knew how to survive the Matrix Path and illusory doors, they would be stumped at the boundless river. They had to shut their senses and it was Ye Qing who led them through the river. That was the only way they had managed to pass through.

Knowing that this was a rare opportunity to cultivate this way, the teenagers poured their hearts into their cultivation.

After Ye Qingtang made sure that they had all entered into a state of cultivation, she finally started to cultivate herself.

Inside the secret room, one could not tell the passing of day and night. The endless stream of energy surging into their bodies intoxicated those teenagers, who all dreamed of becoming more powerful.

It was like time did not exist in this room.

They had no idea how long they had spent cultivating and didn’t care. All they wanted was to continue absorbing, continue cultivating…

…

When Ye Qingtang felt that her suppressed energy had once again reached the maximum level, she gradually woke up from her cultivation state.

The others were still cultivating.

Ye Qingtang took out a piece of jade from her pocket. The jade clearly indicated how much time had passed since she started cultivating. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

This was something Ye Qingtang had prepared before coming here.

She did not wish to become too immersed in cultivation and end up missing the Inter-Academy Competition. So she had set a specific period on that piece of jade so that if she was still cultivating when that time was up, the jade would wake her up.

Ye Qingtang glanced about. This time, she had spent more than a month cultivating here. It had been an even longer period than the previous session.

It was rather strange. She thought that she could suppress and store at most an additional 30% of energy, but…

After the influence of the Deity Ocean, the amount of energy she could store had more than doubled.

Ye Qingtang made a quick mental calculation of the time. The Inter-Academy Competition was still several months away, but the academies would select their top students for the competition before that.

It was time for them to return.