Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2289: Consecutive Breakthroughs (2)

Lei Yan felt like he had just witnessed a miracle.

This person had just achieved the Divine Lord level, how did he… manage to break through again?

Before Lei Yan could recover his senses, a booming noise rang out again. The golden light beam lit up the entire region, making it look like daytime.

Lei Yan was dumbstruck. He gaped as he stared at the golden light outside the window.

Again…

Another breakthrough?

This was the Divine Lord Second Heaven level?!

“Damn, what kind of powerful freak is this…”

Beyond the Divine Lord stage, it was already very difficult to ascend one Heaven level. Even rising from the initial to the middle and then to the late-stage within a single Heaven level was challenging enough.

But this person’s ascension across the levels was astonishing. It was like he was on enhancement drugs.

Three consecutive breakthroughs in the blink of an eye?

How did this person do it?!

The world was full of wonders!

Lei Yan and the rest were not the only ones in the city who noticed this phenomenon. Many practitioners were startled awake and they stared at the golden light beams, which were growing increasingly brighter. This meant that this person was undergoing consecutive breakthroughs.

All the practitioners in the city were utterly shocked by this discovery.

Was it that easy to ascend to the Divine Lord stage?

Where did this freak come from?

The practitioners were all very curious. They wanted to venture toward the golden light to take a look. But in the end, they held back their curiosity.

A practitioner who could undergo breakthroughs in this manner, how fearsome must he be?

Who knew what kind of person he was? What if he was angered and went on a killing spree? They would be in a tight spot then…

With the golden light as the focal point, all the practitioners in the region personally witnessed a once-in-a-lifetime breakthrough spectacle. Watching those golden light beams appearing one after another, countless people were dazed by the sight.

Ye Qingtang, who was the cause of this spectacle, was completely unaware of the furor she had created. She was filled with shock as she felt her own power surge continuously.

She thought that she would only be able to break through to the Divine Lord First Heaven level. But reality had her completely dumbfounded. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

By the time the final bout of energy was released, Ye Qingtang’s cultivation level had ascended several times…

She was now at the Divine Lord Fifth Heaven level!

Beyond the Divine Lord Fifth Heaven level was an entirely different world. After unleashing all her stored energy, Ye Qingtang’s cultivation stage was eventually stabilized at the Divine Lord Fifth Heaven level initial stage.

But this had already far surpassed Ye Qingtang’s expectations.

“That secret room is so formidable?” Ye Qingtang could feel the immense energy gradually merging into her body. Breaking through consecutively was an intoxicating experience.

Having observed Qin Feng and the rest for some time, she saw that they had different innate talents but were more or less at similar cultivation levels. After cultivating in the secret room for some time, the difference in their cultivation levels had not widened.

But the disparity between Ye Qingtang and them was now as wide as the ocean.

Ye Qingtang had pretty good innate talent, but not that great as to have produced such a wide disparity.

She could only come up with one explanation…

Mental energy.

Having been reborn, her mental energy far surpassed that of her peers. The array formation’s energy was likely linked to mental energy. The stronger one’s mental energy was, the more one could absorb.

At this thought, Ye Qingtang felt somewhat comforted.

Quietly masking her powers, she then flew back to the city.