Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2298: Selection Trials (1)

Of course Ye Qingtang understood Luo Sheng’s meaning. But she also knew that Luo Sheng had kind intentions and so she did not say anything more.

Even if she tried to explain now, Luo Sheng would probably not believe her. It was better to wait for everything to be revealed on the day itself.

Ye Qingtang had her own motive for coming to the Netherworld Academy. Apart from that, she was not interested in meddling in the affairs of others. But this did not mean that she would let someone bully her.

There were still three days until the selection trials. Ye Qingtang was not anxious. With the current cultivation levels of Lei Yan and the others, she was well aware that they just had to acclimatize to their new powers. As for the rest, Ye Qingtang would let them handle things themselves.

So Ye Qingtang did not mention the bet to them.

In those three days, those brats spent the entire first day sleeping. They finally reported to Ye Qingtang on the second day to ask some questions on martial arts. After receiving Ye Qingtang’s advice and teachings, they went about their own ways to practice.

Three days passed by just like that.

The Inter-Academy Competition selection trials officially began. This selection trial was very important to everyone in the Netherworld Academy.

After all, the Netherworld Academy was a top academy. They had sent many elite talented teenagers to the Inter-Academy Competition in the past.

Especially that medicine faculty genius. The emergence of the Grand Master level alchemist had brought the Netherworld Academy to the top of the academy rankings.

But over the past several decades, the Netherworld Academy had suffered multiple setbacks. They achieved very few satisfactory results.

So this time, the Netherworld Academy was paying special attention to the selection trials.

There were two ways to join the selection. One was for a teacher to recommend his best students. The other was for the student to sign up themself.

The Inter-Academy Competition was extremely prestigious. If one could stand out in that competition, not only would they bring glory to the academy, they would pave a great future for themselves.

All the teenagers from the various academies had the desire to compete.

…

On the morning of the selection trials, students from the various faculties gathered at the arena.

“It’s finally the day of the selection. I prayed for this day to come sooner. Do you know that our teachers have been like crazed maniacs because of this day? Training over the past few months has been intense. My body is nearly wrecked from all that strain.”

Only a few dozen people would be able to represent the Netherworld Academy in the Inter-Academy Competition. But there were tens of thousands of students in the Netherworld Academy. It would be really difficult to be one of the few selected from such vast numbers. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

“I have no idea what those teachers are thinking. Why not just train the top 50 students? This Inter-Academy Competition has nothing to do with me…”

Everyone knew their place. They knew that they would never be able to compete with the top students in the academy. They just served as training partners.

In the past Inter-Academy Competitions, the Netherworld Academy would choose the top students recommended by the teachers. If there was more than the required number, they would have the students battle it out. If other students believed they were good enough, they could also challenge the top 50.

From then the winner would be selected. The loser would get lost.

It was simple and brutal.

But it was the truth.

“I say, have you seen Lei Yan over the past few days?” The Leiting family youths surveyed the area as if looking for Lei Yan.