Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2347: Next (1)

At this moment, Di Nuo felt like he was just one big joke.

He had always believed that Ye Qing was the disgrace of the Netherworld Academy. Now, all his past actions had come back to slap him in the face.

A Divine Lord Fifth Heaven level practitioner was useless?

Then what was he?

Humiliation engulfed his heart as he stared anxiously at Ye Qing. His eyes no longer held his usual imperious arrogance.

In front of Ye Qingtang, Di Nuo was completely defenseless. The suppression of Ye Qing’s high cultivation level turned him into a lamb ready for slaughter.

But Ye Qingtang was not interested in wasting any more time with Di Nuo. She lifted her hand and gave a gentle flick of her fingers.

In the next second, Di Nuo dropped down from mid-air. His body crashed down onto the platform, creating a massive crater.

Silence descended the entire arena.

Everyone was stunned by this one-sided match. Below the stage, those teachers who were watching the match were also dazed.

Zhu Ning had widened his eyes in shock.

Due to yesterday’s incident and Di Nuo’s declaration, all the teachers at present knew that Ye Qing was only a “Paragon Sixth Heaven level”. They thought that Ye Qing was just putting up a useless final struggle when he challenged Di Nuo. But now…

Ye Qing had not even executed any technique. Just a flick of his finger had Di Nuo completely suppressed. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The difference in power was terrifying.

“Divine Lord Fifth Heaven level… what’s wrong with Di Nuo? Why did he claim that Ye Qing was only at the Paragon Sixth Heaven level?” One of the teachers asked in a daze.

“No wonder Ye Qing did not appear fearful of Di Nuo at all, and even dared to challenge him head-on. No wonder. Di Nuo probably never expected to face such a powerful practitioner.” Apart from being shocked, many teachers also sighed at Di Nuo’s mistake.

Ye Qing’s powers far surpassed Di Nuo’s. If he wanted to conceal his cultivation level, there was no way Di Nuo would know.

“This kind of person is a disgrace to the Netherworld Academy? The President would be elated if he knew this.” Quite a number of teachers were quietly shaking their heads.

How was Ye Qing a useless piece of trash? It was apparent that he was a powerful practitioner who preferred to keep a low profile.

The other teachers instinctively turned to look at Zhu Ning.

Zhu Ning had a rather strange expression. No one could decipher how he must be feeling now.

So it was false that Ye Qing was only a Paragon Sixth Heaven level. It turned out he was a true-blue Divine Lord Fifth Heaven level!

And he was still so young. With his current abilities, it was not that unbelievable that he could produce a few Divine Lord level students.

So…

What about alchemy?

No one had forgotten that Ye Qing had also challenged Zhu Ning.

Di Nuo had already been carried out of the crater. He was now unconscious and covered in blood and looked like a corpse.

Did that mean Zhu Ning would have to face Ye Qing now?

“Ye Qing… he is a martial arts genius. But he can’t possibly also be better than Zhu Ning at alchemy, right?” One of the teachers mused.

Everyone also believed that was the case, but…

After witnessing Ye Qing’s power display, they could not help feeling rather faint.

Ye Qing strolled off the platform. The surrounding students were already dumbstruck and countless eyes were now focused on Ye Qing.