Chapter 2357: Get Lost (1)

During this period, the powers of Ran Mo and his group did improve. But with their already-high cultivation stage, it was nearly impossible for them to have a sudden breakthrough over such a short period of time. Even so, they could clearly feel their battle prowess surge by leaps and bounds under Ye Qing’s guidance.

Hang Wenwei was the only one who had yet to ascend to the Divine Lord stage, and he could already feel signs of a breakthrough. This made him so happy that he could barely sleep for several nights. During the day, he trained exceptionally hard, hoping to reach the Divine Lord stage before the Inter-Academy Competition.

Perhaps it was because they were motivated by Hang Wenwei, so Lei Yan and the others also increased their efforts. The moment daylight broke, the teenagers would charge toward the training arena like a pack of wild dogs who had just been uncaged.

Many other students were astonished by their crazed diligence.

One day, as they were practicing, a group of other students suddenly walked past them.

At first, Lei Yan and the rest didn’t pay much attention. But the words “Ye Qing” drifted into their ears and they instantly paused.

“Senior Sister Meng, is what you are saying true? Is Ye Qing really that vicious?”

Meng Yao crossed her arms over her chest and shot Lei Yan and his gang a cold glance. A smirk was on her lips as she admonished, “Of course it’s true. To this day, my Master has yet to recover. It’s obvious how vicious Ye Qing was.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

After being taught a lesson by Mu Ziying, Meng Yao had spent more than two weeks bed-ridden before finally recovering. But her attitude toward Mu Ziying and her group did not change at all, it was still full of enmity.

“Meng Yao, what did you just say!” Nangong Lie’s face darkened as he glared at her.

Meng Yao looked provocatively at Nangong Lie. “What did I say? I was just speaking the truth. What? Are you going to attack me now?”

“I think that you’re just itching for a beating!” Nangong Lie narrowed his eyes. He did not care that Meng Yao was a female. Even a deity could not insult their Boss!

“It is indeed true that students take after their teachers. Your teacher is so cunning. It’s only natural that you kids don’t adhere to the school rules.” Meng Yao smirked.

Nangong Lie’s face grew even grimmer. He wanted to step forward but was held back by Qin Feng.

Qin Feng gave Meng Yao a chilly look. “If you dare insult our Boss again, I will ensure that you can never speak again in this lifetime.”

Qin Feng was tall and strapping, his features cold and foreboding. At his malevolent tone and harsh eyes, Meng Yao couldn’t help taking a step back.

“Qin Feng, I know you are formidable. But as powerful as you are, do you think you can shut everyone up if they don’t agree with you?” Meng Yao put on a false show of bravado.

“Ye Qing is so great. He concealed his true powers and came to the Netherworld Academy. He could have revealed his powers from the start but he purposely chose to hide them. I know that he has been at odds with my Master right from the start. He purposely incited my Master to make that bet with him. Thereafter, he cunningly challenged my Master in public and then executed a lethal move during their fight. He was completely merciless to someone who is also a teacher of the Netherworld Academy. Everything that has happened, Ye Qing planned it all.” Meng Yao glared at Qin Feng and his group with eyes filled with venom and hatred.

Whenever she thought of how her family clan had invested so much to let her powers increase before the Inter-Academy Competition, it infuriated her! If it wasn’t for Ye Qing, she would finally have the chance to make a name for herself there.