Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2360: Get Lost (4)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Rather than letting him harm her little brats, it was better that she get rid of this danger as soon as possible.

“You have no proof. Who would know the real details of your bet that day!” Meng Yao insisted.

Oh? So they were going to play that game, were they? Completely ignoring Meng Yao, Ye Qingtang took out the contract from her space ring and showed it to everyone. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Here is the proof. I believe that I am not the only one who has a copy of this. Teacher Di Nuo has one too, correct?”

Di Nuo had been worried that Ye Qing would go back on his word and so purposely wrote out this contract in front of Wen Qi. He never imagined that he would be the one being tormented by this contract.

Di Nuo looked extremely grim.

He was in a tight spot now.

If he didn’t carry out the terms of the bet, his reputation would be dragged through the mud. If he complied, he would be utterly humiliated!

“Or does Teacher Di Nuo need my help to carry out his end of the bargain?” Ye Qingtang narrowed her eyes.

Di Nuo’s face turned pale.

Having personally experienced Ye Qing’s power, he was well aware that if Ye Qing were to make a move, he would be utterly defenseless.

“Ye Qing! You are indeed vicious!” Di Nuo took a deep breath. He flung his sleeves angrily and left without turning his head.

He could not carry it out. How could he! He would become the laughingstock of everyone!

Meng Yao saw Di Nuo leave and hurriedly followed after him.

The crowd was of two minds at what just happened.

Ye Qingtang couldn’t care less. She led Lei Yan and the rest away from the practice arena.

That night, Di Nuo handed Wu Fengling his resignation and left the Netherworld Academy. Meng Yao, who had relied on Di Nuo all this while, never expected Di Nuo to leave just like that…

After Di Nuo left, Wu Fengling called Ye Qing over to his office.

“Di Nuo has gone.” Wu Fengling looked at Ye Qing.

Ye Qingtang had already predicted this. With Di Nuo’s character, he would never crawl out of the Netherworld Academy in accordance with the bet. But his reputation had already been besmeared and he had no choice but to leave.

“Are you going to rebuke me for being too ruthless?” Ye Qing asked.

Wu Fengling shook his head.

“I have heard about the entire matter from Wen Qi. You were not at fault.”

Ye Qingtang was somewhat surprised. She thought that Wu Fengling would admonish her.

“I called you here to discuss something with you.” Wu Fengling explained.

“President, please go ahead.”

Wu Fengling continued. “It will be the Inter-Academy Competition soon. And the venue will not be on our mainland. It will be a long journey and we need to leave in advance. We will be heading for the venue of the Inter-Academy Competition in three days, so you should start to make the necessary preparations.

Ye Qingtang subconsciously heaved a sigh of relief. To be honest, she felt very uneasy staying on this mainland. Who knew what was happening with the Temple of Paragon? It was better for her to go as far as possible.

“Apart from that, this year’s Inter-Academy Competition will be a bit different. I am not sure of the details for now, but Ye Qing, I hope that you can be the lead teacher for this competition,” Wu Fengling continued.

“Lead teacher?” Ye Qingtang was puzzled.

Wu Fengling explained. “For every Inter-Academy Competition, each student would have their own teacher to mentor them throughout the entire competition. Most of the matches are one-on-one so there is no major issue there. But one of the categories is a team competition which will require a teacher to participate…”

Although a teacher had to participate in the team competition, there were certain rules and limitations that applied. Only normal teachers were allowed to participate.. Presidents, Vice-Presidents and faculty heads were not allowed.