Chapter 2364: Regulations (1)

Soon after, Ye Qingtang and Luo Sheng went over and found Wen Qi and the other Netherworld Academy teachers already standing at the entrance of the main hall. A middle-aged man was standing in front of them and they looked like they were chatting. Wen Qi had a rather strange expression. Although he had a smile on his face, the smile didn’t reach his eyes.

“Vice-President.” Ye Qingtang and Luo Sheng walked over.

Wen Qi saw Ye Qing and Luo Sheng come over, the smile became more genuine.

The middle-aged man followed Wen Qi’s gaze. His face was cold and imperious, and when he looked at Ye Qingtang, it was with eyes full of arrogance.

All of the academies participating in the Inter-Academy Competition were among the elite few. And teachers who could teach at such academies would naturally have very high cultivation levels.

Ye Qingtang was just in her teens and although she had changed her appearance, she still looked like in her early 20s. Standing amongst the teachers, she looked exceptionally youthful. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The middle-aged man’s eyes swept past Ye Qingtang impassively.

“Wen Qi, this is a teacher from the Netherworld Academy?” The middle-aged man looked at Wen Qi.

Wen Qi nodded.

A strange expression appeared on the man’s face. He said in a low voice, “This year’s Inter-Academy Competition means a lot to the Netherworld Academy. I thought President Wu would treat it more seriously.”

The meaning behind the man’s words was very clear. He felt that Wu Fengling should not have sent such a young teacher.

“Ye Qing might be young but he is very capable.” Wen Qi stated.

The man didn’t respond to Wen Qi’s statement.

“Everyone has more or less arrived, so I will head in first. We will catch up again if there is time in the future.” The man turned and entered the main hall first.

Wen Qi couldn’t resist a sigh as he watched the man depart.

“His name is Zhan Yunzhou and he used to be Vice-President Wen Qi’s disciple,” Luo Sheng told Ye Qingtang in a low voice.

Ye Qingtang’s eyes flashed. She was not familiar with that name. But Zhan Yunzhou had been wearing the uniform of the Cold Cloud Academy.

So it seemed that he was a teacher from the Cold Cloud Academy.

When Zhan Yunzhou entered the main hall, quite a number of people inside greeted him respectfully. He quickly walked over to the other teachers from the Cold Cloud Academy.

“You went to talk to your former Master?” One of the Cold Cloud Academy elders asked. He looked past Zhan Yunzhou to glance at Wen Qi impassively.

Zhan Yunzhou, “It has been a long time.”

The elder said in a mild tone, “The Netherworld Academy is no longer what it used to be. For the past several Inter-Academy Competitions, very few Netherworld Academy students managed to get a placing. In the previous competition, only one person from the medicine faculty managed to squeeze into the rankings. The Netherworld Academy is in a bad state.”

Zhan Yunzhou kept silent.

The elder patted him on the shoulder. “Your initial choice then was not wrong. If you had remained at the Netherworld Academy, it would just be a waste of your talent. If none of the Netherworld Academy students manage to get a place in this year’s competition, they will be struck off the list of elite academies. In future, they would need to compete with the other normal academies first if they wish to join the Inter-Academy Competition again…”

Like the Sky Martial Academy, the Cold Cloud Academy was an elite school and was granted instant access to the Inter-Academy Competition. Meanwhile, there were many other mainlands near the Heaven Mainland with countless academies located on them.