Chapter 2367: Regulations (4)

“The Evil Marsh used to be a blessed land. But after the temple was destroyed, it was gradually engulfed by the evil aura, and the Wailing Well is situated right inside the marsh. Since then, no one has been able to enter.”

To think that the Inter-Academy Competition this year would be held in the Wailing Well, where no one had ever entered. This was a major shock to many academies.

Who knew what would happen in that god-forsaken place?

“No one has ever entered there before. Why has that location been chosen for this year’s competition?” Ye Qingtang’s brows furrowed slightly.

Logically, this kind of place was not suitable for young, inexperienced students.

Just as Ye Qingtang was filled with queries, the elder continued.

“Everyone, please don’t worry. The Wailing Well is dangerous but we have already sent our people inside before. It is not as dangerous as you might think. Moreover, we will give every single team a teleportation talisman, which will be kept by the teacher in charge. Any time a team meets with danger, they can choose to back out. You just need to crush the talisman and you will be able to leave safely. But if that were to happen, the team then would lose their right to…”

The crowd’s expressions remained grim as the elder continued his explanation.

The Wailing Well was an unknown place to everyone at present. They had no idea what it was like inside and were completely unable to prepare for anything.

“I wonder what the criteria are for a team to win?” One of the teachers asked.

The elder replied, “The winner will be the team that manages to remain inside the Wailing Well for ten days and kills the greatest number of demons.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“Demons…”

The elder’s words revealed a hint of information.

Remaining for ten days inside the well was not too big of a worry for the various academies. What they were really concerned about was what kind of demons were inside that well.

“In addition, everyone who enters the well is not allowed to bring any elixirs or special artifacts. Apart from the personal weapon you are carrying now, you are not allowed to bring anything else inside.”

The crowd was in an uproar.

They could not bring anything?

“What about food and talismans?” Someone asked.

The elder shook his head.

The crowd finally understood the crux of this competition.

Food, water, artifacts, elixirs… they could not bring any of those things in. Apart from the weapons they already had on their bodies, as well as the teleportation talisman… they could not bring anything that could enhance their battle prowess.

On top of that, they would have to stay for ten days inside the unknown environment of the Wailing Well and kill as many demons as they could…

The unknown environment and special restrictions made this team competition especially strange and mysterious.

Previously, some academies had planned to choose ten martial arts students and give up a spot on the alchemy list. But now… they really had to bring one medicine faculty student.

After all, so many things could happen in ten days. No one could be sure what kind of dangers they would be in without any elixirs.

A team had to have at least one medicine faculty student.

“Are there any herbs inside the Wailing Well?” Someone asked anxiously.

Without any herbs, there was no need to even think about refining elixirs.

“Of course,” the elder replied.

The crowd remained silent.

“The team competition will be held after all the other competitions, so everyone still has time to prepare. Each academy is allowed to send five teams.” The elder continued to lay out the rules.

Meanwhile, Ye Qingtang listened quietly, taking note of all possible clues.