Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2419: Death Wish (3)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“Be careful, this person is at the Divine Lord stage.” Lu Yuanxiang saw that the situation was not looking good. He wanted to take action but the slightest movement tore open his wound. Blood gushed out and he was unable to step any further.

Song Yanhan broke out in a cold sweat, and his hands couldn’t stop trembling.

“Still want to struggle? Don’t blame me then.” The Flying Star Academy smirked before charging toward them, slashing down towards Song Yanhan.

Song Yanhan had practiced alchemy from a young age and the level of his martial art was very low. Suppressed by the power of a Divine Lord level practitioner, he was unable to move an inch.

Seeing the sword hovering above his head, Song Yanhan instinctively shut his eyes.

But the expected wave of pain did not materialize. He opened his eyes again.

Another sword had blocked that attacking sword.

Song Yanhan turned in shock to see that it was Yun Chen who had blocked that attack.

And Yun Chen was exuding the aura of a Divine Lord level practitioner!

Song Yanhan was stunned. Even Lu Yuanxiang’s team was also shocked.

Yun Chen was a Divine Lord level practitioner?

What kind of joke was this!

Wasn’t he from the medicine faculty?

At this moment, Yun Chen had no time to explain himself. Stepping forward, he forced back their attacker.

The Flying Star Academy teenager never expected this medicine faculty student to be at the Divine Lord stage. Startled, he was forced back several meters. But he soon snapped out of his trance and pressed forward.

Even though he was a Divine Lord stage, a medicine faculty student could never be better at martial arts than him.

But…

Yun Chen soon disproved his theory.

Lu Yuanxiang and the others had been very worried, but after witnessing Yun Chen’s fluid moves, they finally relaxed a little.

The opponent never expected a medicine faculty student to be so good at fighting. Every single move was lightning quick and precise, completely on par with a martial arts practitioner of the same level. On top of that, his attacks were more ruthless and relentless. The Flying Academy teenager couldn’t help feeling shaken from the decisiveness of the attacks.

Yun Chen was holding himself well. Meanwhile, the other battle was also progressing with white-hot intensity. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Lei Yan and the others had been all hyped up for battle since entering the Wailing Well, but they hadn’t gotten a single opportunity to fight. Ye Qing took care of everything and they hadn’t been able to do anything!

This was a good chance for them to vent their pent-up energy on this team from the Flying Star Academy.

Originally they hadn’t planned to fight these folks, but who could blame them since they came knocking on their doors?

What else was there left to say?

Thrash them!

The Flying Star Academy teenagers were soon beaten down. Especially the two who were fighting Ran Mo and Qin Feng. They were nearly crying out for mercy.

In reality, the Flying Star Academy team dared to attack Ye Qingtang’s team because of the Netherworld Academy’s dismal performance in the earlier martial arts competition. They also noted that Ye Qingtang was very young and did not look qualified to be a teacher.

A team led by such a young teacher could not possibly be an elite group.

That was why they decided to attack.

Who would have thought…

That they had kicked a wasp’s nest.

The Flying Star Academy teacher realized something was off as he fought Ye Qingtang. This frail-looking youth in his 20s was actually a Divine Lord Fifth Heaven level practitioner!