Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2438: Devious Ploy (1)

After knowing of the situation inside the Wailing Well, the Vice-President probably had Luo Sheng bring these things in. Collecting all of the items brought in by Luo Sheng, Ye Qingtang left without turning back.

The Wailing Well was full of danger. Every second inside here held the threat of death and disaster. Although it was unfortunate, Ye Qingtang did not have time to give Luo Sheng and his team a proper burial.

She had a more urgent mission, and that was to find her students.

But Ye Qingtang had also mentally prepared herself for the worse.

She had been facing an above-Emperor level monster when she was transported away by the Deity Ocean.

Ye Qingtang had no idea what happened after she left. She did not dare to make any predictions either.

Going by the powers of Nangong Lie, Qin Feng and the rest, there was no way they could hold themselves against an above-Emperor level monster. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

But Ye Qingtang remembered that during her final moments, Nangong Lie, Lei Yan and the others were already some distance away from the monster. If they chose to run in the opposite direction then, there was a small chance that they managed to escape alive. Just a small chance but at least it was not zero percent.

…

Ye Qingtang had been traveling inside the Wailing Well for two days, spending every minute and second searching for traces of Mu Ziying and her group.

She had to find them alive or at least see their dead bodies. Without either, Ye Qingtang would not give up.

The previous evening, Ye Qingtang found the spot where she last disappeared. But she didn’t find any of her students’ bodies, not even any traces of the Flying Star Academy people or Lu Yuanxiang’s team.

If they had really perished under the hands of the above-Emperor level monster, there would be traces of them. Even if the bodies were not whole, there would be remnants left behind. But after another full day of searching, she didn’t manage to find any signs of Lei Yan, Qin Feng and the rest.

Ye Qingtang moved extremely cautiously inside the Wailing Well. She also personally witnessed several teams from the other academies destroyed by above-Emperor level monsters.

…

It was rather chilly at night. A suffocating sense of oppression permeated the air.

Ye Qingtang sat atop a tall tree, constantly surveying her surroundings.

Those above-Emperor level monsters would become more active at night. The ground shook constantly as if some hidden terror was deep underground.

“Could it be that there’s something underground…”

Ye Qingtang frowned as she gazed afar.

The tremors became increasingly intense. Compared to the previous two days, the vibration was clearly different now. Those monsters all seemed to come from underground. There must be some linkage there between these two factors.

In addition, there was that mysterious girl at the illusion ice lake two days ago.

As stupid as Ye Qingtang might be, she was able to link everything together and guess that there was something extraordinary inside the Wailing Well.

“Don’t tell me the appearance of those above-Emperor level monsters is due to…”

Ye Qingtang frowned as she mulled over this. The image of the girl at the illusory ice lake appeared in her mind’s eye again.

The teams who entered the Wailing Well were no match for those above-Emperor level monsters at all.

What puzzled Ye Qingtang the most was if the girl was really able to control those monsters, why did she have to trick the academy students and teachers into coming into the Wailing Well? What was the motive behind such an action?

She clearly possessed very high powers, so there was no need for her to waste time with these petty tricks…

Or perhaps she was not the one controlling those monsters?