Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 247: You Have A Wolf Outside! (2)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

The domineering silver wolf was standing by Ye Qingtang’s bed silently just as it was when she left.

Happiness filled her instantly when she saw the familiar figure.

Who said her silver wolf was missing?!

Was it not still here!

How dare Qin Huan that fellow lie to her!

Ye Qingtang’s mood changed drastically. A smile bloomed on her face the moment she saw the silver wolf, and she walked towards that silver wolf immediately.

However…

Ye Qingtang only took a step forward but was suddenly pulled back by a certain force.

She turned around and saw that the gray wolf, which was originally following beside her, sprawled on the floor in shivers. Its bright, piercing eyes were, however, full of fear and terror at that instant, and it was unwilling to move further in.

Ye Qingtang was slightly taken aback. Out of a sudden, she felt a pair of deathly cold eyes on her. She looked in the direction of the source of that feeling and saw…

The silver wolf, which had always been aloof, was staring at her and the stupefied gray wolf beside her with a frighteningly cold expression.

That expression somehow gave her a feeling that she was being caught in the act of having an affair…

When the silver wolf glanced at the leash in Ye Qingtang’s hand, she instinctively threw the leash away to prove her innocence.

Baby, I have nothing to do with this gray creature!

As for that gray wolf, it was already trembling in fear under the silver wolf’s stare and almost passed out there and then.

At last, the gray wolf fell on the ground as though he was being crushed by a boulder. Unable to bear that suffocatingly overbearing force, it crawled up and dashed out of the room with a wail without looking back.

Ye Qingtang looked strangely at the back view of the gray wolf that ran away at top speed.

What happened?

Ye Qingtang could not be bothered with the gray wolf that suddenly escaped and quickly walked towards the silver wolf which she regained.

However, she did not know whether it was her illusion, but when she was about to take a step closer, she felt an odd coldness in the air…

Under the silver wolf’s gaze, guilt filled her without reason. She swallowed her saliva and cracked a smile as she tried to get near the wolf while explaining, “Uh… the gray wolf is not mine. Senior Brother Qin forcefully passed it to me! It has nothing to do with me!”

The silver wolf glanced at Ye Qingtang and did not react.

Ye Qingtang broke down internally.

It was indeed angry! Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

At that very instant, Ye Qingtang really wanted to drag Qin Huan that idiot over and give him a beating again.

Not only did he lie that her silver wolf was missing, he even stuffed a gray wolf to her.

It was great now. The silver wolf saw her bring another wolf back. Was he stirring things up!

God knows that Ye Qingtang was finally able to be more intimate with the previously-aloof silver wolf after much effort, but now, everything returned to square one because of that gray wolf that jumped in.

…

Outside Xuanling Sect, Mu Su looked in despair at the sect above the clouds. He felt extremely complicated.

He originally thought that everything would be fine once His Highness returned.

However…

Your Highness, why did you go back!

Are you addicted to becoming a wolf!

Mu Su wiped his tears away. Initially, he still thought that His Highness would never be able to get the girl and get his heart back with his level of emotional intelligence.

Yet, never had he expected that the twists and turns of life would allow His Highness to gain a blessing out of adversity.?His Highness could actually turn into a cute animal, and that’s simply his natural gift in picking up girls, isn’t it!