Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 251: The Path To The Inner Sect (2)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Ye Qingtang set her mind to take part in the inner sect assessment this year, and what she needed now was to be given an exception to participate.

A few days later, Yun Shu and the rest returned from their mission as well. The missions for new disciples were simpler, and there was not much difficulty when they attempted the missions together. Yun Shu obtained a pretty good treasure from the mission this time, which Ye Qingtang did hear him mentioning about briefly, though she did not ask what it was exactly.

As more disciples returned from their missions, a tremendous change suddenly happened to the situation.

Disciples that were out for missions did not return to the sect in the stipulated timing. It happened to only one or two teams initially, and Xuanling Sect was not too bothered. But as time was delayed, they strangely lost news of more and more disciples. Moreover, this did not only happen in the outer sect of Xuanling Sect; disciples from the inner sect disappeared during missions as well.

Then, Xuanling Sect sensed that something was off and immediately formed a group of elites in the sect to investigate the disappearance cases.

Being ranked in the first hundred elites in the outer sect, Qin Huan was assigned in the group as well. Along with the other outstanding disciples in the outer sect, they were to set off to investigate those disappeared disciples.

Just as Qin Huan was packing his bag and ready to leave, he suddenly saw…

Ye Qingtang standing outside his door from some time ago.

The two disciples living with Qin Huan suddenly saw the beautiful junior sister at the door and instantly darted him a playful look. Qin Huan’s face darkened and immediately chased the two away before inviting Ye Qingtang into the room carefully.

“Junior Sister Ye? Is there anything I can help with?” Qin Huan looked at Ye Qingtang guiltily. He only heard that the missing silver wolf actually returned a few days ago and almost “died” from misery.

He deeply felt that the silver wolf was simply fooling with him.

“Senior Brother Qin, are you going to investigate the disappearance of the sect disciples?” Ye Qingtang went straight to the point.

Qin Huan nodded and replied with a helpless expression. “Yes. This matter is pretty blown up. I heard that not only Xuanling Sect’s disciples disappeared for no reason, but the same thing also happened to the few sects nearby. Now, not just us but other sects have also sent disciples out to investigate…”

Qin Huan returned to his senses and said earnestly, “Junior Sister Ye, it is not very peaceful recently. You should take on lesser rewarded missions. The sect will not assign any missions to you all in this one month anyway. Do remain in the sect and cultivate, lest you get into any accidents.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Even inner sect disciples disappeared. God knows what exactly happened outside.

The disciples sent out for this investigation were all elites from the inner and outer sects. Even disciples in the outer sect who were ranked below one thousand were not deployed, much less disciples who just entered the sect like Ye Qingtang.

Evidently, the sect took this matter seriously and was very meticulous in handling it.

However, right after Qin Huan finished his sentence, Ye Qingtang suddenly smiled and said, “Senior Brother Qin, there’s something I wish to ask you for help with.”

Confusion was etched on Qin Huan’s face.

“Please bring me along for this mission.” Ye Qingtang grinned.

The expression on Qin Huan’s face turned to that of shock in an instant.

“You… you want to go?”

Ye Qingtang nodded.

Qin Huan suspected whether Ye Qingtang had gone crazy.

“Junior Sister Ye, don’t joke around anymore. This mission is not like any other. No one knows what kind of danger we will meet with. You shouldn’t join.” Qin Huan hurriedly waved his hands.