Chapter 2546: Dragon Emperor Clan (6)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Ye Qingtang looked at the restless big yellow dog in her arms and could not help feeling a headache coming on. She understood this dog’s character. It could not even bear to be called a mount, much less a pet. Fortunately, the big yellow dog did not have much strength currently and was restrained by the natural laws of the lower realm. Otherwise, it would be a huge mess.

A smile immediately appeared on Ye Qingtang’s face as she stroked the big yellow dog’s fur. She then looked at the old man from the Dragon Emperor Clan and chuckled. “Sir, I’m just an ordinary person… the Dragon Emperor Clan… is a long-standing faction in the Mixed Heavens Holy Domain. How can I have the honor of visiting the Dragon Emperor Clan? Why don’t…”

However, before Ye Qingtang could finish her speech, the white-haired elder from the Dragon Emperor Clan turned around and walked on.

Exasperated, Ye Qingtang and the Blood Moon Elder were also led away.

The corners of Ye Qingtang’s lips twitched. What was the point of asking for her opinion then? Regardless of whether she agreed or refused, she would still have to follow them to the Dragon Emperor Clan. This was such a major faction but still really polite.

Before long, a huge avian demon appeared from the void. It was pulling a pale black carriage.

The demon landed and the white-haired elder invited Ye Qingtang onto the carriage.

The Blood Moon Elder originally wanted to follow Ye Qingtang into the carriage but was brought away by the Dragon Emperor Clan middle-aged man.

Only Ye Qingtang and the white-haired elder were in the carriage. The big yellow dog was sleeping in Ye Qingtang’s arms.

The Dragon Emperor Clan was very far from this mainland, but the flying beast was extremely fast. Before long, it had already exited this mainland and arrived above the sea region.

Ye Qingtang looked down from the window of the carriage and could vaguely see the sea.

For some reason, Ye Qingtang suddenly remembered the time when she was in the Temple of Paragon, and the Sea King came looking for her and they played Sea Soul Chess. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

It was as if it had just happened yesterday. A long time had passed in the blink of an eye. During this time, she had left the Temple of Paragon and even entered an academy to become a teacher…

Now that she had been in the Second Domain for some time, Ye Qingtang increasingly felt that her skills were too weak.

A Fifth Heaven level Divine Lord was not bad. In the First Domain, Ye Qingtang’s skills were enough to be touted as invincible. However, in the Second Domain, this level was considered extremely weak.

Ye Qingtang already deeply understood that it was impossible to move freely in the Mixed Heavens Holy Domain with her insufficient skills. In the face of her enemies, she could only run for her life.

Ye Qingtang had had enough of always fleeing for her life. It had been like this in her previous life, and it was now still like this in this life.

However, the presence of the Heart of Heavenly Dao in her body, greatly suppressed her own progress in martial arts. Moreover, the seal on the Heart of Heavenly Dao was about to lose its effectiveness soon. This made Ye Qingtang rather helpless. Currently, there was no better solution.

Ye Qingtang knew very well that based on the current situation, she would not be able to survive for long in the Mixed Heavens Holy Domain, much less explore the Third Domain.. She might even die in the Mixed Heavens Holy Domain someday.