Chapter 2570: Land of Despair (1)

Transtator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Cold.

It was bone-chillingly cold.

Ye Qingtang seemed to have fallen into an icy abyss. It was so cold that she

started to feel suffocated. She would gladly welcome the slightest hint of

warmth now.

Anything to stave off that biting, aggressive cold.

After some time, Ye Qingtang finally opened her eyes.

“Where”

Ye Qingtang got up slowly and looked around.

Fortunately, she had already emerged from the Ancient God Karma Tunnel.

However, everything seemed like a dream when she was in the Ancient God

Karma Tunnel. It was so unreal that Ye Qingtang thought that she must have

been dreaming Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

She saw Ling Yan and the space-time storm. Even at that moment, Ye

Qingtang could not accurately determine whether it had really happened or if it

was just an abnormal dream.

Soon, this bone-piercing coldness brought Ye Qingtang back to reality. She was

too cold. Even though Ye Qingtang was a Fifth Heaven level Divine Lord, she

could not endure this chill.

It was impossible to imagine just how cold it would be. A chill that not even a

Divine Lord could endure.

Beneath her feet was ice. Even the sky seemed to be covered in ice.

As far as the eye could see, this entire world had long been covered in ice. The

cold wind was like a sharp blade that could easily slice through the skin of an

Emperor-level practitioner.

Before long, several ice burns had already appeared on Ye Qingtang’s body.

“What the hell is this place?

Ye Qingtang could not help frowning.

However, in just a few breaths, Ye Qingtang’s expression changed drastically.

She suddenly remembered that there was either a doomed hell or a blessed

paradise at the end of the Ancient God Karma Tunnel..

Where Ye Qingtang was now, she did not think it was a paradise.

Would a blessed paradise be like this?

Even the cold wind could be fatal!

Ye Qingtang was almost certain that she had entered the doomed hell. The

cursed place that the big yellow dog spoke of where even the gods would

tremble.

Once you entered the doomed hell, no matter who you were, whether you were

human or demon, or even a high and mighty God, you would have to crawl on

the ground and wait for their death.

But Ye Qjingtang still held a trace of hope. Perhaps this place was a blessed

land. With that in mind, Ye Qingtang lifted her heavy footsteps and walked

forward.

Ye Qingtang was searching for an opportunity to live.

The ground beneath her feet was frozen for millions of miles. It was extremely

smooth like a mirror. In fact, when Ye Qingtang lowered her head, she could

see her reflection.

After walking for an unknown period of time, Ye Qingtang’s body finally

started to warm up.

There was no way to stop in a place like this. The moment she stopped to rest,

it did not take long before the bone-piercing coldness became unbearable for

her, as if even her blood was about to freeze into ice.

In the end, Ye Qingtang could only bow down her head to the truth.

She did not enter the blessed paradise.

She had completely failed. After entering the Ancient God Karma Tunnel, it had

sent her to this cursed place... This was the land of death that the big yellow

doghad mentioned, the doomed abyss.

Even gods could only wait for death to descend upon them when they entered

this cursed land. How could she survive?

Ye Qingtang stopped and tried to communicate with the Deity Ocean in her

body. Even if it was a doomed hell, it would not be a problem for her to enter

the Deity Ocean space.

Even if she could not return to the outside world, at most she would remain in

the Deity Ocean space. No matter what, it was better than staying in this

suffocating and despairing place.

However, Ye Qingtang sunk into despair once again.

The Deity Ocean failed to work.