Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2571: Land of Despair (2)

Translator: Atlas StudiosEditor: Atlas Studios

Indeed, Ye Qingtang was unable to connect with the Deity Ocean in her body at all. It was as if all connections were severed because of this cursed land.

In this place where even gods and devils felt despair, Ye Qingtang felt like she was suffocating just by looking around. If she could, she did not want to stay for even a moment longer.

However, she could no longer leave. Even after death, her soul would be suppressed here, never to be reborn.

Endless snowflakes fell from the boundless glaciers. This world was filled with bone-piercing coldness and despair.

Ye Qingtang raised her hand and soon, a red flame appeared in her palm.

Finally, Ye Qingtang felt a warmth that she had not felt in a long time. After her body became warmer, Ye Qingtang did not dare to continue staying still. She was afraid that the blood in her body would freeze, so she had no choice but to continue walking forward.

In this place of despair, every step consumed a lot of stamina. Furthermore, there was not the slightest bit of spirit energy in this world to replenish it. Just like her red flame, it could not be replenished by spirit energy once it ran out.

Opening her space ring, Ye Qingtang took out some beef jerky. She swallowed it in large mouthfuls just to recover her energy quickly.

In this cursed hell, it was certain death once one’s stamina was depleted. If Ye Qingtang stopped to rest, her blood would be frozen into ice in a few hours. If it came down to that, she would be unable to escape death then. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Ye Qingtang started to have regrets. Her luck had never been good all along. She thought that this would be a huge opportunity, but who expected it to turn out to be a huge calamity. If Ye Qingtang knew that she would not be able to connect with her Deity Ocean in this place, perhaps she would not have

taken the risk.

Before entering the Ancient God Karma Tunnel, Ye Qingtang believed that the worst outcome would be for her to enter the Deity Ocean space. However, after arriving at this doomed hell, the power of the Deity Ocean had been sealed off and she had no way to escape.

She walked along in this land of despair for a long, undetermined period of time. Perhaps it had been a few days, but there was no day or night in this world. It was difficult to tell. By now, Ye Qingtang’s stamina was completely exhausted.

With a thud, Ye Qingtang fell onto the ice. She no longer had the strength to walk anymore.

Soon, that terrifying chilliness engulfed Ye Qingtang again.

“Boom!”

Loud booms rang out one after another.

Ye Qingtang looked ahead. An indomitable great fiendcelestial’s huge body was running some distance ahead. His face was filled with despair and he was roaring in a hoarse voice.

But such scenes no longer surprised her.

These high and mighty existences had long since died off. Only their souls were still imprisoned here, making it difficult for them to extricate themselves. They experienced the pain and torture leading to their deaths repeatedly every day, never stopping for eternity.

“If I die… perhaps it will be the same…”

Ye Qingtang murmured softly.

At that moment, Ye Qingtang no longer felt tired. Her body gradually lost all feeling as though she was completely isolated from the world. Only that bone-chilling coldness continued to wear away her remaining will.

Ye Qingtang closed her eyes slowly. At that moment, she only wanted to have a good sleep. Even if she had to pay a tragic price, she would never open her eyes again.

After a few breaths, Ye Qingtang’s body slowly turned to ice.

“Don’t be afraid…”

It was that familiar voice again. It seemed to be far away but also very close.

The shadowy figure appeared and came to Ye Qingtang’s side. Its body erupted with a sun-like luster and heat which enveloped Ye Qingtang. The figure lay beside Ye Qingtang and enveloped her body, before infusing a remaining sliver of karma energy into Ye Qingtang’s body.