Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2591: Battle Of The Kings (3)

Translator: Atlas StudiosEditor: Atlas Studios

Ye Qingtang finally understood the true terror of the Heavenly Demon Devouring Bloodline.

The other terrifying bloodlines that Ye Qingtang knew of would not even be able to raise their heads in front of the Heavenly Demon Devouring Bloodline. Perhaps not even the lady in green and the Heavenly Demon Tribe themselves had expected the mutated Heavenly Demon Devouring Bloodline to be

so terrifying.

It could devour everything. Be it cultivation levels, bloodlines or anything else. They could all be forcibly absorbed by the Heavenly Demon Devouring Bloodline.

Ye Qingtang knew that once knowledge of this bloodline was spread out, she would definitely be killed.

No one would wish for the existence of the Heavenly Demon Devouring Bloodline in this world. They would not want their strength and bloodline would be swallowed by others.

The Heavenly Demon Devouring Bloodline could be classified as a public enemy. It was a truly forbidden bloodline.

Since ancient times, there were only a few forbidden bloodlines recorded in history books. The Heavenly Demon Devouring Bloodline was one of them. However, even the mutated Heavenly Demon Devouring Bloodline noted in the historical records was not as domineering as the one in Ye Qingtang’s

body.

The battle within her body continued.

The Heart of the Heavenly Dao seemed to be in a defensive state and did not release its full power. It seemed to have some concerns and was unwilling to waste the great dao power.

With the immense dao power of the Heart of the Heavenly Dao, if it went all out, even the Heavenly Demon Devouring Bloodline might not have any chance of winning.

Just a trace of the great dao power unleashed by the Heart of the Heavenly Dao had nearly caused grievous injury to the Heavenly Demon Devouring Bloodline. Who knew how much more dao power was contained in the Heart of the Heavenly Dao?

Ye Qingtang had already made up her mind that once the Heavenly Demon Devouring Bloodline lost, she would immediately take away the Heavenly Demon Bloodline and not let anything happen to it. This bloodline was too important to Ye Qingtang and she could not afford to risk it.

However, Ye Qingtang did not expect that after the two waves of attacks from the Heavenly Demon Devouring Bloodline, the Heart of the Heavenly Dao suddenly retreated into her heart, not giving the Heavenly Demon Devouring Bloodline any chance to continue devouring.

No matter how the Heavenly Demon Devouring Bloodline provoked it, the Heart of the Heavenly Dao ignored it.

It was as if the Heart of the Heavenly Dao was sentient and knew that the Heavenly Demon Devouring Bloodline would not dare to touch the heart.

After a while, the Heavenly Demon Devouring Bloodline finally gave up. It waited for its master to give it the next order.

Helpless, Ye Qingtang could only guide the Heavenly Demon Devouring Bloodline back the way it came.

“It didn’t work…”

Ye Qingtang wiped the blood off the corner of her lips and mused.

The Heavenly Demon Devouring Bloodline was indeed extremely domineering, but if the Heart of the Heavenly Dao had fought seriously, the Heavenly Demon Devouring Bloodline would not stand any advantage. Furthermore, the current Heavenly Demon Devouring Bloodline had not truly grown to its

peak. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Moreover, the Heart of the Heavenly Dao continued to hide. Ye Qingtang and the Heavenly Demon Devouring Bloodline could not do anything to it.

However, although Ye Qingtang’s idea did not succeed, she still gained a lot this time.

The dao energy devoured by the Heavenly Demon Devouring Bloodline was stronger than anything Ye Qingtang had encountered in the past.

In the next second, Ye Qingtang’s eyes turned completely white and even her pupils disappeared.

“This… is this the power of the great dao?”

Ye Qingtang muttered and pointed at the empty space in front of her.

The sound of glass breaking rang out..