Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 262: Hell On Earth (1)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Then, the Blood Moon Sect Elder turned and left.

Sensing that the powerful aura of the Blood Moon Sect Elder had faded away, Ye Qingtang finally heaved a sigh of relief, but her heart was hanging in midair.

She crushed a nephrite in her hand. She did not know when would the Elders arrive. The entire Deer City was already sealed off by the blood fog. If they tried to escape, they would probably end up like those horses…

Ye Qingtang took a deep breath and fixed her emotions.

There was evidently a power in the Blood Moon Sect Elder’s last sentence which stunned people. Just looking at the reactions of Qin Huan and the rest, one could tell how scary that overbearing force was. At that instant, Ye Qingtang was extremely grateful that she possessed the Heart of the Demon God, as it gave her a certain level of resistance against the bewitching force.

But at present…

Ye Qingtang narrowed her eyes.

She personally witnessed how ruthless the evil spirit in Spirit Condensation Mountain Village was. Even the people from Spirit Condensation Mountain Village who pledged loyalty to it ultimately turned into zombies. To a spirit that needed essence for resurrection, sect disciples, who were full of spirit energy, were obviously the best offerings.

An image of Qin Huan floated into Ye Qingtang’s mind. Qin Huan was also brought away by the Blood Moon Sect Elder. If she left him alone, she was afraid… Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Ye Qingtang clenched her teeth and immediately shuffled out. On the empty street, there were only the remains of the rash disciple. Ye Qingtang followed everyone’s footsteps and cautiously concealed her traces.

The evening glow was consumed by the night, and crimson blood fog shrouded the city pond. The faint moonlight penetrated through the blood fog and scattered on the ground as though the entire Deer City was soaked in fresh blood.

The circular square in Deer City was brightly illuminated, and standing torches lit the entire square. As the flames flickered, one could see metal cages surrounding the square and the despondent sect disciples locked in the cages!

In the center of the square, an unsightly corpse was hung on a huge wooden stand. The corpse had an obvious sect uniform on it; however, at this instant, that sect disciple was already dead. Its body was dismembered while the organs were already dug out and piled under its legs. Large patches of blood stained the ground of the square, and many dead bodies were stacked near every metal cage.

Taking a look across, this place was as terrifying as a living hell on earth.

Qin Huan and the rest were separately locked into the metal cages by the two zombies. Only despair and fear remained on their faces, and there were no traces of resistance at all as though all courage was drawn out from them.

Ye Qingtang shuffled to a roof nearby and used the darkness to hide herself. She took in the situation in the square as a suffocating smell of blood flooded into her nose.

Sweeping a glance over, there were over ten sect disciples locked in the metal cages. Even the pair of disciples from Wind Moon Sect were locked up, and it was evident that they sustained huge injuries.

The number of sect disciples that were already killed was countless.

Ye Qingtang’s heart sank, and she felt extremely stifled.

The so-called submission that the Blood Moon Sect Elder said was simply a pretense. From the start to the end, all he wanted was to absorb the essence of these sect disciples!