Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 263: Hell On Earth (2)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

The Blood Moon Sect Elder placed his hands behind him. Standing right in the middle of the square, he looked at the corpse hanging on the wooden stand and lifted his hand slightly.

After locking the Xuanling Sect disciples up, the two zombies immediately dragged out another sect disciple from the other cage.

“Let me off… I beg you… I am willing to pledge loyalty to Blood Moon Sect! Let me live. I am willing to do anything!” Clearly, that disciple was frightened out of his wits by everything that happened before. When he was grabbed by the zombies, his face turned shockingly pale, and he begged for mercy wildly in hopes of obtaining a way out to keep his life.

However, the two zombies still held him tightly and brought him to the Blood Moon Sect Elder.

For the entire time, the disciple seemed to have forgotten about resisting and was only begging vainly.

Ye Qingtang frowned at this sight.

Among these disciples, there were some inner sect disciples from different sects who were clearly highly-skilled, but now…

Ye Qingtang could not help but recall the Blood Moon Sect Elder’s demonic voice which made one lose all fighting spirit. Under that voice, everyone would be bewitched, and their despair would be enlarged.

People feared Heretic Sects not only because of their might but more of the insidious methods that were unavoidable. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

A plaintive wail rang in the air.

The corpse on the wooden stand was already taken down, and the howling sect disciple was immediately tied on it.

The Blood Moon Sect Elder slowly walked up, and its dry arms gradually closed in on the disciple’s chest like a resuscitated mummy.

Qin Huan and the rest, who were locked in the metal cage, suddenly returned to their senses. Their hairs stood on end when they witnessed the terrifying sight.

However, before they knew what was going on, a miserably cry slit through the air!

The sharp nails of the Blood Moon Sect Elder directly pierced through the disciple’s chest, and all ten fingers were sunk into the flesh. In the next second, he suddenly pulled his hands apart, and the sound of flesh being ripped apart jabbed everyone’s eardrums.

The disciple was torn right apart by the Blood Moon Sect Elder just like that!

Shrill cries escaped his mouth continuously. He stretched his neck, and veins stood out on his neck. His eyes were widened to the extreme!

Blood gushed out from the wound, and intestines that were mixed with blood fell all over the ground. Yet, when all of this was happening, he was still alive…

The Blood Moon Sect Elder looked at the intense color of blood and narrowed his eyes in satisfaction. He immediately held the fresh, beating heart of the sect disciple and dug it out from the disciple’s living body!

After a cry, the disciple whose heart was dug out finally let out his final breath in this torture. His highly-held head drooped down, and the place fell into a dead silence at that instant.

The bloody scene played out before everyone’s eyes, and the extremely brutal image shocked everyone thoroughly.

The Blood Moon Sect looked at the bright red heart in his bloody palm, and his chapped lips tugged up slightly.

In the next second, he opened his mouth, and his white teeth chomped on the heart.

One mouth… and another.

As he chewed, fresh blood seeped in and out of his mouth, and his dried face appeared sinister to the extreme!

“He… he is eating hearts… Aren’t we… we going to…” Zhou Qu was completely frightened out of his wits after witnessing the scene. He fell on the ground with a loud crash, and the terror in his eyes was almost out of control.

This was over. This was all over!

He was going to die!