Chapter 2643 Saint Ye Yue (4)

To be honest, Ye Qingtang did not object to this Fourth Domain legacy mission. In fact, she was looking forward to it.

All these years, Ye Qingtang had been searching for a way to absorb the power of her Heart of the Heavenly Dao but to no avail. Not only that, she had no idea how to return to her own era. Moreover, there was no news of Ling Yan and the Demon God Han Cangming over the past few years. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Ye Qingtang only knew that Ling Yan turned into a red light and entered Han Cangming’s body. Han Cangming eventually lost control and disappeared. After that, Ye Qingtang had no idea what had happened.

During this period, Ye Qingtang would use her status in the Great Immortal Temple to send an Emperor-level helper out of the temple to inquire about Han Cangming but to no avail.

It was as if the Demon God Han Cangming had disappeared from the face of the earth. No matter how they tried, they could not find any traces of him.

Ye Qingtang was also very worried about Ling Yan. She did not know what happened between Ling Yan and Han Cangming. She felt that Ling Yan was too audacious. With Ling Yan’s martial art skills, he could be beaten to death by any random martial arts practitioner he met on the road. But Ling Yan dared to have designs on the Demon God Han Cangming.

Previously, the Nine Heavens Saint said that the opening of the Fourth Domain’s legacy had already alarmed the world’s most powerful figures. Ye Qingtang believed that the supreme existences like the Heavenly Emperor and the Demon God Han Cangming would definitely not miss this opportunity and would definitely go.

Indeed, Ye Qingtang had two motives for going there this time.

Her first goal was to find Han Cangming and find out about Ling Yan’s whereabouts, whether he was dead or alive…

Even if Han Cangming wanted to attack her, Ye Qingtang was not afraid. After all, the Heavenly Emperor still owed her a huge favor. With the Heavenly Emperor’s personality, he would definitely repay her kindness. If Ye Qingtang asked him, the Heavenly Emperor would not just stand by and do nothing. It should not be difficult for him to protect her.

The second goal was for Ye Qingtang to see if she could use the Fourth Domain legacy to find a way to return to her own era or to absorb the power of her Heart of the Heavenly Dao. As time passed, the seal of the former Divine Phoenix had been completely undone. Ye Qingtang, who was now at the Illusionary Emperor level, had naturally discovered the existence of the guide.

Ye Qingtang used her mystical ability to seal the Heart of the Heavenly Dao again. However, the price of this mystical ability was too high, which resulted in a bottleneck in Ye Qingtang’s cultivation progress. Otherwise, Ye Qingtang was confident that she would have broken through to the Heaven Emperor level half a year ago

In the past, Ye Qingtang would bring Feng Wuyin and Feng Jiuyou with her wherever she went. Firstly, she wanted these two youths to train more so that their skills could increase. Secondly, it had been a rather long time but the Heavenly Demon Tribe Branch had yet to make an appearance. Ye Qingtang was indeed worried.

However, it would probably be too dangerous for the boys to go to the Fourth Domain legacy place with her. It was just not safe to bring Feng Wuyin and Feng Jiuyou along. Even Ye Qingtang could not guarantee that she would be able to handle the dangers, much less protect Feng Wuyin and Feng Jiuyou.