Chapter 2646 Temple Holy Lord (3)

Ye Qingtang felt a lingering fear in her heart as she looked at the Immortal Emperor-level figure who looked exactly like her. The Worldly Emperor and Ninth Heaven Level Divine Lord practitioners were not deliberately killed by that Immortal Emperor. They were just collateral damage from that Immortal Emperor’s aura!

“An Immortal Emperor… it’s an Immortal Emperor!”

Someone called out loudly, causing the many cultivators guarding the perimeter to tremble in fear.

One had to know that it was impossible for there to be an Immortal Emperor among the guards. Every single Immortal Emperor was a core expert of supreme power. How could they be left behind to guard the perimeter? All of them had already entered the depths. Meanwhile, Emperor-level practitioners were as weak as ants before an Immortal Emperor. They had no way to fight back and could only wait to be slaughtered.

After knowing that the intruder was an Immortal Emperor, no one dared to behave audaciously anymore. They immediately retreated in all directions. Who would dare to obstruct an Immortal Emperor? Did they want to die?

Seeing that no one was going to stop her, the Immortal Emperor, who looked exactly like Ye Qingtang, finally suppressed her killer aura and walked deeper into the depths as if no one was there.

At that moment, surprise filled Ye Qingtang’s eyes. She suddenly remembered that when she just entered this strange era and saved the young Feng Jiuyou, he told her that there was an Immortal Emperor who looked extremely similar to Ye Qingtang. He also mentioned the Temple of Paragon.

“Could this be…”

Ye Qingtang was deep in thought as she watched the Immortal Emperor leave.

Could that Immortal Emperor just now be… that Paragon from the Temple of Paragon?!

Back then, in Ye Qingtang’s original era, she had been captured by the Temple of Paragon, who took her to be a clone of the Paragon and wanted to execute her. Everything that happened in that era felt like yesterday to Ye Qingtang. It was not distant at all and she could recall every detail. If not for the fact that she kept arguing that she was not a clone of the Paragon, Ye Qingtang would have already been executed by the Temple of Paragon.

After that, not only did Ye Qingtang not lose her life, she was also treated by the Temple of Paragon as the reincarnation of the Paragon. Ye Qingtang was not stupid. From the Temple of Shadows to the Temple of Paragon in the Mixed Heavens Holy Domain… everything was linked and connected to her somehow. It would be ridiculous to believe that it was all just a coincidence.

It was as if everything was predestined.

At the very least, there was one thing that could not be refuted. The Holy Lord of the Temple of Shadows was indeed a clone of the Temple of Paragon’s Paragon.

She was first treated as the Holy Lord of Shadows, then she was treated as the reincarnation of the Temple of Paragon’s Paragon…

Then, was it possible…

That she was indeed the reincarnation of the Temple of Paragon’s Holy Lord… Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

But if that was really the case, Ye Qingtang shuddered when she recalled what the big yellow dog said to her back then.

The big yellow dog had once used karmic divination to help divine her future.

And the result of the divination…

Was that she had killed herself.

Ye Qingtang would naturally not commit suicide.

But if… she was the reincarnation of the Temple of Paragon’s Paragon, and she had arrived in this past era…