Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2666 Devouring The Sun (3)

The Paragon immediately hid in the void and started to look for traces of Ye Qingtang and Han Cangming

A moment later, on a mountain in the valley, Han Cangming grabbed Ye Qingtang and gently placed her on the ground. He looked up into the sky and saw that the demon dog was still there.

Swoosh!

Before Han Cangming could do anything, Ye Qingtang waved the long whip formed by the power of Great Dao and whipped his face.

A wound instantly appeared on Han Cangming’s face and blood gushed out.

Han Cangming turned around and looked at Ye Qingtang.

Seeing that Ye Qingtang was about to lash out again, Han Cangming took a few steps back and the wound on his face healed.

“Han Cangming, I have no feud with you but you want to snatch my Heavenly Demon Devouring Bloodline and take my life. You even killed… my important friend. I will fight you to the death.” Ye Qingtang stared at Han Cangming with a cold glint in her eyes.

Now that she was already in Han Cangming’s hands, it was impossible for her to escape from this Demon God. Since that was the case, she might as well fight him to the death.

“Oh… how important is your friend to you?” Han Cangming looked at Ye Qingtang expressionlessly.

“What does it have to do with you?” Ye Qingtang said coldly.

“Of course it does.” Han Cangming chuckled.

As Han Cangming finished speaking, Ye Qingtang’s fearful expression changed instantly.

At that moment, the person standing in front of Ye Qingtang was no longer Demon Emperor Han Cangming but Ling Yan. The faint smile on Ling Yan’s face made Ye Qingtang feel so familiar and at ease.

“Miss Ye, how have you been?” Ling Yan looked at Ye Qingtang and smiled.

As Ye Qingtang stared at Ling Yan, her expression changed. Her pupils constricted.

Nevertheless, Ye Qingtang could not easily believe the man’s words and appearance. “Who… are you?!” Ye Qingtang looked at Ling Yan warily.

“Miss Ye, why are you still asking that? Isn’t it obvious enough?” Ling Yan chuckled.

“You… are you really Ling Yan?!” Ye Qingtang was in disbelief. She knew very well how “powerful” Ling Yan was. She could kill Ling Yan with just one finger.

With Ling Yan’s pathetic martial skills and abilities, he still dared to come to this era to possess the body of an Immortal Emperor?

It was impossible. Even with Ling Yan’s Karma Bloodline, it was still impossible. If anything, Ye Qingtang suspected that the Demon God Han Cangming had deliberately disguised himself as Ling Yan to fool her.

“How can you prove your identity?” Ye Qingtang asked Ling Yan with a frown. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Well… how do you want me to prove myself, Miss Ye?” Ling Yan asked.

“Do you know where I came from?” Ye Qingtang asked.

“Ha… of course I do. The Blue Sky Domain, First Main… Miss Ye, you also want to ask me which era you come from… So what if I answer…10,000 years from now?” Ling Yan smiled.

Ye Qingtang, “…”

“Ling Yan… it’s really you…”

Ye Qingtang stared at Ling Yan in disbelief.