Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2668: I Don’t Like It (1)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Ye Qingtang shook her head. Wait… it was a little confusing… a little confusing.

What was going on? The more she thought about it, the more confused she felt. She could not understand what Ling Yan meant at all.

Seeing Ye Qingtang’s expression, Ling Yan chuckled. “Miss Ye, do you find it unbelievable?”

Ye Qingtang shook her head and said, “I don’t find it unbelievable… I just don’t think my brain is smart enough. What did you mean just now? Why do I feel that I don’t understand? Can you explain it to me in detail?”

The corners of Ling Yan’s lips curled up into a warm smile. He said softly, “Of course.”

“Miss Ye, let’s start with the timeline.” Ling Yan explained patiently. “Firstly, you need to know that you are the reincarnation of the Paragon, Ah Yao.”

“I understand that, but why do you want to kill Sister Ah Yao just because I am her reincarnation? ” Ye Qingtang asked with a frown. She still did not fully understand this point.

“Ah Yao is your previous life, so the Heart of the Heavenly Dao has not appeared in this era. Or perhaps, the Heart of Heavenly Dao is still in the Heavenly Emperor’s body, waiting for its owner,” Ling Yan said.

Ye Qingtang’s expression changed slightly when she heard Ling Yan’s words. It was as if... she had obtained the Heart of the Heavenly Dao from the Heavenly Emperor’s body...

In this era, the Heavenly Emperor was the temporary owner of the Heart of the Heavenly Dao. His mission was to protect the Heart of the Heavenly Dao and wait for the true owner to appear. After that, the Heart of the Heavenly Dao would leave the body of the Heavenly Emperor and enter the body of the true owner.

“In this era, be it you or the Paragon, you are essentially the same person. The Paragon is the vessel and true owner of the Heart of Heavenly Dao in this era, ” Ling Yan said with a smile.

“So your real motive for killing Ah Yao?” Ye Qingtang asked instinctively.

“Miss Ye, the Paragon will die 10,000 years later and so you will be born 10,000 years later, correct?” Ling Yan said.

Ye Qingtang nodded. This she understood.

“If the Paragon died 10,000 years earlier, you would be born in this era in advance,” Ling Yan continued to explain. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Ye Qingtang did not interrupt Ling Yan. Instead, she listened patiently.

“After the death of the Paragon, Miss Ye will be reincarnated in advance. In that case, there will be two of you in this era. We came to this era through the Ancient God Karma Tunnel, so we will not be controlled by fate. As for the other Miss Ye, as Ah Yao’s reincarnation, she will replace Ah Yao and come into contact with the Heavenly Emperor, who is the temporary owner of the Heart of the Heavenly Dao. After that, the Heart of the Heavenly Dao will be transferred to the other Miss Ye. Once that happens, our goal will be achieved. Miss Ye will completely escape the restraints of fate, the other Miss Ye will bear it for you. As for us, whether we stay in or leave this era, Miss Ye will have escaped this calamity,” Ling Yan said slowly..