Chapter 266: Fight for Life (2)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Even though Zhou Qu’s words were resentful, no one could argue back. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

The blood fog that surrounded Deer City had cut off their route of retreat.

Who could make it out alive from the hell on earth?

It would be the path to death eventually.

However, this path was not what Ye Qingtang wanted.

Ye Qingtang fled in all directions under the darkness. The wind howled beside her ears, but now… she could not relax at all.

The Elder of the Blood Moon Sect was chasing behind her. He was like a dead ghost, chasing for her life and getting closer and closer!

Ye Qingtang was finding the way out continuously in the darkness. Her tiny body was agile and fled everywhere. She ran on top of a roof and jumped to the ground. Ye Qingtang used almost all ways that she had for escaping from her previous life. However, no matter where she fled to, she could not leave Deer City.

When she reached the edge of the wall, she wanted to climb up instinctively.

However…

When she looked up at the blood fog, this last hope also disappeared.

Her heart tensed.

It was impossible to escape when the whole city was isolated by the blood fog!

“Run! Why did you stop running?” The gloomy voice came from her back.

Ye Qingtang turned instantly. The Elder of the Blood Moon Sect stared deadly at her under the red moonlight.

Ye Qingtang felt her heart hanging in the midair. Her right hand held the sword by her waist tightly.

The Elder of the Blood Moon Sect was not in a hurry to kill the fish out of the net. His gaze was fixed on the pale young woman as if he wanted to make fun of his prey.

Ye Qingtang narrowed her eyes and looked at the ferocious Elder of the Blood Moon Sect.

Run.

There was no way to run.

Death.

That was not the ending she wanted.

Ye Qingtang took a heavy breath and pulled out her sword.

The Elder of the Blood Moon Sect raised his eyebrows. His eyes were full of sarcasm as he witnessed Ye Qingtang’s movements.

Ye Qingtang wiped off all the nervousness in her eyes and forced herself to be calm. If she could not run away, she would fight for her life! She would not blame anyone whether she survived or died!

She had gone through the millions of sufferings in her previous life as she always fought until the last minute. She knew that her ability could not be compared with the Elder’s at all.

However…

Even she knew that it would not work…

She would try her best to fight!

“You are committing suicide.” The Elder of the Blood Moon Sect sneered.

When he finished his words, an enchanting force entered Ye Qingtang’s ears. The voice was like a ghost that deluded her. The Elder of the Blood Moon Sect appeared to be extremely strong and frightening all of a sudden.