Chapter 2673: Convergence (1)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

The man in front of her might not have the same face as the Immortal Emperor just now, but his clothes and aura were similar. How could he be dead?

Seeing the confusion on the Paragon’s face, Ling Yan chuckled. “Miss Ye is right. The Immortal Emperor is already dead. You don’t have to harbor any hostility towards me. ”

“Dead?”

The Paragon’s expression became increasingly puzzled. She didn’t know what had happened.

“Sister Ah Yao... it’s like this.” Ye Qingtang pondered for a moment before saying, “The person in front of me is my friend. He possessed the body of the Immortal Emperor just now.”

“Oh?”

Surprise surfaced in the Paragon’s eyes when she heard Ye Qingtang’s words.

Her gaze then landed on Ling Yan again.

How was this possible...

The Paragon knew very well how powerful that Immortal Emperor was. How could an Immortal Emperor, who could have the power of the domain, be so easily possessed by others?

“Sister Ye Yue, what you just said... Is it true?” Although Ye Qingtang was the one who told her that, the Paragon still found it hard to believe.

“Sister Ah Yao, would I lie to you? Everything I said is true. That Immortal Emperor no longer exists.” Ye Qingtang nodded repeatedly.

Ye Qingtang did not lie to the Paragon. Han Cangming’s body was indeed possessed by Ling Yan..

“It’s a miracle.” The Paragon could not help sizing up Ling Yan a few more times before continuing, “It seems that the martial arts culture between the Mixed Heavens Holy Domain and the Divine Venerate Domain is quite different. If this was in the Mixed Heavens Holy Domain, such a thing would never happen.” The Paragon muttered.

Ye Qingtang, ”

Not just the Mixed Heavens Holy Domain, even in the Divine Venerate Domain, no one had ever heard of an Immortal Emperor’s body being possessed.

Even Ye Qingtang did not know how Ling Yan did it.

“Forget it. I don’t know that Immortal Emperor and I have no grudge against him, yet he wanted to kill me the moment he saw me. Thank you for helping me and my sister.” The Paragon cupped her fists at Ling Yan in a show of gratitude.

“No problem.” Ling Yan smiled at the Paragon.

“Looks like your mystical ability has reached the pinnacle of perfection.

Otherwise, it would be impossible for you to possess the body of an Immortal Emperor so quickly,” the Paragon commented.

“Ha... not really. It’s just because this Immortal Emperor was too careless,” Ling Yan said with a smile.

“By the way, since you have seized his body, where... is his soul?” The Paragon frowned slightly.

“It has been sealed,” Ling Yan said. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Sealed?”

Ye Qingtang looked very doubtful at Ling Yan’s words. He had sealed Demon God Han Cangming’s soul? That was too ridiculous.

Ye Qingtang was pulled to the side by the Paragon.

“Sister Ah Yao, what’s wrong?” Ye Qingtang asked in confusion when she saw the Paragon’s strange expression.

“Sister Ye Yue, are you really sure that the Immortal Emperor from before was possessed?” The Paragon asked softly.

“I’m certain.” Ye Qingtang nodded. “Sister Ah Yao, this person is my good friend. There won’t be any problems.”

Ye Qingtang knew what the Paragon was suspicious about. If Ling Yan had not been able to confirm his identity, Ye Qingtang would not have believed that Han Cangmmg’s body could be possessed..