Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2675: Convergence (3)

After the Paragon left, Ye Qingtang looked at Ling Yan and frowned. “Ling Yan, what did you mean just now?

“What do you mean, Miss Ye?” Ling Yan asked.

“What do you mean by traveling with Sister Ah Yao just now? Could it be that you haven’t given up on your plan?” Ye Qingtang asked.

“So that’s what you’re talking about. I thought that you were jealous. You made me happy for nothing.” Ling Yan smiled and shook his head gently.

Ye Qingtang, ”

“Can you speak properly?” Ye Qingtang asked.

“Since Miss Ye asked, I’ll explain.” Ling Yan smiled. “I invited the Paragon along because I didn’t want her to come into contact with the Heavenly Emperor.

According to history, the Paragon and the Heavenly Emperor met here. Unfortunately, that Paragon seems to look down on me and rejected my invitation.”

Ye Qingtang sneered. “It would be weird if she regarded you highly.”

“That might not be the case.” Ling Yan stared at Ye Qingtang and his lips curled into an inexplicable smile. “She looks down on me in this life... this means she will have to compensate me in the next life... right?”

Ye Qingtang was slightly taken aback by Ling Yan’s words. She did not understand what he meant.

“Miss Ye, I am still the Demon God Han Cangming. Therefore, there are some things that need to be settled. Miss Ye came under the orders of your master. In that case, you should meet up with everyone from the Great Immortal Temple as soon as possible.” Ling Yan continued without giving Ye Qingtang a chance to speak.

Ye Qingtang glanced at Ling Yan and said, “Are you sure there’s something you need to settle? Or are you trying to abandon me to find Sister Ah Yao?” “Miss Ye, what do you mean by that?” Ling Yan asked meaningfully.

“What do you mean...” Ye Qingtang frowned.

“Miss Ye is afraid that I have fallen for the Paragon and will go look for her?” Ling Yan asked.

Ye Qingtang, “..”

“Who cares who you like... I’m afraid that you haven’t given up on your own plans and want to harm Sister Ah Yao...” Ye Qingtang said.

“Ah... It seems that I was happy for nothing. Forget it, Miss Ye, don’t worry.”

Since I’ve already promised you, I will keep my promise.”

With that, Ling Yan’s appearance changed to that of Han Cangming again. In the blink of an eye, he flew deep into the clouds and disappeared.

Ye Qingtang was inclined to believe Ling Yan. She trusted whatever Ling Yan said.

After Ling Yan left, Ye Qingtang looked towards the horizon. Even now the big yellow dog was still gnawing on the sun. However, even after so long, the sun remained unchanged.

Soon, the yellow dog’s huge eyes landed on Ye Qingtang. The viciousness in the big yellow dog’s eyes shocked Ye Qingtang.

Ye Qingtang did not expect the big yellow dog, who had just arrived in the lower realm, to be so terrifying. The big yellow dog did not look like that at all in her era. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Almost instinctively, Ye Qingtang waved at the big yellow dog. However, Ye Qingtang’s action made the yellow dog’s eyes turn even more vicious. It quickly turned around and no longer looked at Ye Qingtang.

Ye Qingtang, ”

Ye Qingtang was rather displeased. Was it spurning her?!

She greeted it to show her friendliness.. But that dog just turned its head and ignored her!