Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2676: Convergence (4)

If anything, Ye Qingtang would rather the dog throw a few fireballs at her than be subjected to its lousy attitude. It did not display such an attitude when it saw the Paragon and Ling Yan previously...

Ye Qingtang swore that after she returned to the future era, she would never give the big yellow dog any more dried beef.

Soon after, Ye Qingtang’s soul expanded to cover a radius of 500 kilometers to check the situation in the valley. Once a martial arts practitioner reached the Emperor level, their divine soul could expand to 500 kilometers. Everything within this 500-kilometer radius would be under the control of the Emperor.

As for Ye Qingtang, she was already at the Emperor level and was also at the second Illusionary stage. Her soul could extend for hundreds of kilometers.

Currently, there were no small factions in this canyon. The weakest of them all was still at least a first-tier power in the Divine Venerate Domain.

Ye Qingtang suddenly realized that the Heavenly Demon Tribe was also there.

She wanted to spy on their camp to get more information but before she could do anything, Ye Qingtang’s soul trembled and she was forced out of the Heavenly Demon Tribe’s sphere of influence.

“There’s a supreme expert...”

Ye Qingtang frowned slightly. Her soul had been peeping at the Heavenly Demon Tribe’s camp just now but was forced back by someone.

There were probably several supreme powerhouses from the Heavenly Demon Tribe in this canyon...

“Ye Yue.”

Suddenly, an ethereal voice appeared in Ye Qingtang’s mind.

Ye Qingtang immediately sat cross-legged on the ground and allowed her soul to continue expanding.

“Uncle-Master Absolute Heaven Saint?” Ye Qingtang asked curiously.

“That’s right.” The ethereal voice appeared again. “Ye Yue, your soul expanded just now and I happened to notice it. That’s why I can establish a connection with you through your soul.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“I see...” Ye Qingtang was deep in thought.

The Absolute Heaven Saint was one of the saints of the Great Immortal Temple and was also of the Heaven Tier like Ye Qingtang’s master, the Nine Heavens Saint. His martial skills were extremely powerful and unfathomable.

“Previously, your master informed me that you were headed here. Don’t delay any longer and immediately come to the place where the Great Immortal

Temple is stationed. Everyone is waiting for you. I will guide you.”

The Absolute Heaven Saint instructed.

“Uncle-Master Absolute Heaven Saint, I understand. I’ll come immediately,” Ye Qingtang said.

Ye Qingtang immediately flew forward following the Absolute Saint’s guidance and disappeared into the distance.

About half a day later.

“Junior Sister Ye Yue!”

At the encampment of the Great Immortal Temple, a middle-aged man was waiting outside. When he saw Ye Qingtang descending from the sky, he immediately went up to her.

“Ancestor Lan Shan... no, I mean, Senior Brother...” Ye Qingtang smiled when she saw the middle-aged man.

The name of Lan Shan was well-known in Ye Qingtang’s era. However, Ye Qingtang did not expect Lan Shan to become her senior brother..

“Junior Sister, Uncle-Master already informed me that you would be here today. Why did you only come now?” Lan Shan asked as he stared at Ye Qingtang.

“Senior Brother, I met with an incident on the way and was delayed. Nevertheless... I’m here now,” Ye Qingtang said with a smile.

“Did anything happen? Did anyone bully you? If so, you must tell me. I promise to help you,” said Lan Shan.

“Ha, you’re still standing up for her?”

As she spoke, a cold-looking woman dressed in luxurious attire strode over..