Chapter 2677: Paragon Relic (1)

Ye Qingtang looked at the woman and said softly, “Senior Sister Wan Rong.”

The woman nodded and smiled at Ye Qingtang. She then looked at Lan Shan. “Junior Sister Ye Yue is a genius and has been in seclusion for a long time. Her current cultivation level is probably already at the Illusory stage. You are probably not Junior Sister Ye Yue’s match now, yet you still want to stand up for her. I think it’s the other way around.”

Lan Shan immediately looked a little awkward. He glared at Wan Rong and said coldly, “Wan Rong, why do you always like to ruin my image in front of Junior

Sister Ye Yue?”

“No, I am just being honest.” Wan Rong smiled.

With that, Wan Rong’s gaze landed on Ye Qingtang. “Junior Sister Ye, did anything happen on the way here? Everyone is very worried about you.” “Nothing much. Everything has been settled,” Ye Qingtang replied.

“By hte ya,w what’s the ioatustni ?won saH eht Fohrut amnioD gacley eenb id”vte?cata Ye nngaitgQsaked srucluoiy.

Logically speaking, news of the opening of the Fourth Domain legacy had spread for quite some time. All the major factions had been here for a long time, but none of the factions seemed to have done anything. It was a little strange.

Lan Shan said, “There’s no news yet. All the major powers are conserving their energy. We still don’t know what the Fourth Domain legacy is and when it will open.”

“Junior Sister Ye, let’s go. Our camp is just ahead,” Wan Rong said.

Ye Qingtang nodded and followed Lan Shan and Wan Rong.

After a while, they came to a stream surrounded by the campsite of Great Immortal Temple. Not far out, an elder sat on the ground, his eyes looking into the distant void.

“Greetings, Uncle-Master.”

Ye Qingtang walked to the elder and said respectfully.

This elder was one of the Heaven-tier saints of the Great Immortal Temple, the Absolute Heaven Saint. He was of the same generation as Ye Qingtang’s master, the Nine Heavens Saint.

“Ye Yue, did something happen?” The Absolute Heaven Saint’s gaze landed on Ye Qingtang.

Ye Qingtang chuckled and said, “Uncle -Master, I did encounter some small problems on the way here, but I’ve already settled them. I hope we can make it in time for the opening of the Fourth Domain legacy.”

The Absolute Saint nodded slightly and said, “Your cultivation level has already broken through to the Emperor stage. You’ve been in seclusion for the past few years and your growth has indeed been the fastest. Your master asked you to come this time because he wants you to train more. Currently, the Fourth Domain legacy has not been activated, but there are some problems.”

“Uncle-Master, what problems?” Ye Qingtang asked curiously.

“Fatal problems.” The Absolute Heaven Saint muttered.

“Err...” Ye Qingtang was surprised.

“Ye Yue, you have been a disciple of the Great Immortal Temple for several years now. But there are some things about the Great Immortal Temple which you might not know about.” The Absolute Heaven Saint looked at Ye Qingtang.

“Please enlighten me, Uncle-Master,” Ye Qingtang said. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Do you know that there is a peerless demon suppressed deep underground in the Great Immortal Temple?” The Absolute Heaven Saint asked softly.

“I know.” Ye Qingtang nodded.

The Great Immortal Temple was formed by some monks tens of thousands of years ago. The purpose of the Great Immortal Temple was to suppress all evil in the world. In the depths of the Great Immortal Temple was a group of devils sealed by those supreme monks from tens of thousands of years ago..