Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Chapter 267: Fight for Life (3)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Under the oppression, the Elder of the Blood Moon Sect appeared more frightening. His power was like a huge mountain that could not be reached.

Ye Qingtang froze. The weird feeling was attacking her again.

However, she bit her tongue at the same time, and the stabbing pain made her regain consciousness.

This time, she did not hesitate anymore. She pushed herself off the ground. When she flew backward, she released the pocket arrows.

Three light beams flew out of her sleeves. The Elder frowned and lifted his hand to crush the three arrows. The next second, his figure flashed and appeared in front of Ye Qingtang. The dried hand smashed towards the top of her head!

Ye Qingtang was stunned. Based on her instinct that was trained for years, she raised her sword instantly to defend the fatal attack!

The Elder’s hand smashed onto her sword, and the sword broke into pieces within a second.

Ye Qingtang backed off immediately. Her hand was numb from the vibration.

The Elder dashed forward as he missed the first attack.

Ye Qingtang took out the sword that belonged to the youth of the Wind Moon Sect almost instinctively. Her hand flipped and slashed the sword towards the Elder!

The Elder of the Blood Moon Sect sneered and smashed down his hand.

Clank!

A sound exploded by Ye Qingtang’s ears.

However…

The force of the attack was absorbed by the sword. The entire sword remained in one piece without a single crack!

Ye Qingtang’s eyes sparkled. She then realized that the sword of the Wind Moon Sect was extremely tough. She could not even feel the weight of the sword, and there was a streak of warmth channeling to her palm through the handle.

Ye Qingtang felt delighted.

The sword that she used previously was assigned to outer sect disciples. It was of the lowest quality. However, the one in her hand was not a normal sword.

Ye Qingtang encountered many powerful weapons in her previous life as well. The Qingxuan Sword that she held some time ago was a rare powerful weapon. Normal swords could never be compared with her sword.

The youth of the Wind Moon Sect was extremely talented. Since he could enter the inner sect at such a young age, his sword must be special as well.

Ye Qingtang felt more confident as she was able to block the Elder’s attack. Her eyesight was fierce, and she focused on the fighting again.

The Elder of the Blood Moon Sect was surprised. When he saw Ye Qingtang attacking towards him, his sight changed, and he smashed his hand towards her body.

The wind howled. Ye Qingtang jumped off the ground and pierced her sharp sword towards the Elder of the Blood Moon Sect’s chest!

The Elder of the Blood Moon Sect immediately raised his hand and smashed towards Ye Qingtang’s shoulder. It was too late for her to pull off. She faced the attack straight and found a chance in between to pierce her sword down.

The image of the disciple being smashed into pieces by the Elder was still in her head.

However, she could not care about so much now!

As the Elder’s hand landed on her shoulder, her sword also pierced through his dried skin at the same time.