Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2681 - Fourth Domain (1)

Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Ye Qingtang looked at the Absolute Heaven Saint. If it was as he had described, wouldn’t this soul bone have lived for a hundred million years?

The Absolute Heaven Saint continued softly. “It is indeed true that there are soul bones who have existed for hundreds of millions of years, but they are too distant a concept for us. As for what they are, we don’t know yet, but the only thing we can confirm is that the Fourth Domain legacy was indeed formed from a 100,000,000-year-old-soul bone.”

“Uncle-Master, do you mean that a supreme existence in the Fourth Domain lived for a hundred million years and turned into a 100,000,000-year-old-soul bone after his death? The Fourth Domain legacy was created based on this 100,000,000-year-old-soul bone?” Ye Qingtang asked curiously.

“Perhaps.” The Absolute Heaven Saint gave a slight nod.

Ye Qingtang was shocked. This was the first time she heard that anyone could live for hundreds of millions of years.

As everyone knew, the top cultivation level in this world was the Immortal Emperor stage. However, no one had ever heard of an Immortal Emperor who could live for hundreds of millions of years.

To Ye Qingtang’s knowledge, the higher a martial arts practitioner’s cultivation level, the longer his lifespan would be.

An ordinary cultivator could live for more than a hundred years, which was already considered quite long. But for those who had reached the Emperor stage, they could exist for 10,000 years in this world. When one reached the Immortal Emperor level, their lifespan would be even longer. Even so, surely it would not be as long as a hundred million years.

Hundreds of millions of years? Wouldn’t that be nearly as old as heaven and earth?

“Ye Yue, there are many existences in this world that we can’t comprehend. The so-called Immortal Emperor stage is definitely not the endpoint.” The Absolute Heaven Saint’s gaze suddenly landed on the big yellow dog on the horizon. He said softly, “It’s just like that dog. It cannot be explained.”

Ye Qingtang’s gaze slowly landed on the big yellow dog.

Unable to explain?

Ye Qingtang could not help quietly shaking her head. It was actually quite easy to explain.

The big yellow dog did not belong to the lower realm but came from the so-called upper realm. It had been reduced to this state only because it had been tricked by the Karma Bloodline Clan from the upper realm. It was also because of this that the big yellow dog now hated the Karma Bloodline Clan so much.

Not only in this era, but even in Ye Qingtang’s era, the yellow dog still wanted to return to the upper realm to take revenge.

“Ye Yue.”

Before Ye Qingtang could think further, the Absolute Heaven Saint continued. “I’ll have to rely on you all this time.”

“Uncle-Master…” Ye Qingtang did not know what to say as she looked at the Absolute Heaven Saint.

Ye Qingtang did not have the confidence to obtain the so-called Paragon Relic. Once the Paragon Relic appeared, there would definitely be a major bloodbath. With her skills, what could she do?

“Due to the restrictions of the 100,000,000-year-old soul bone, none of the top experts from the powerful factions can enter as soon as the legacy opens. As a result, we can only place our hopes on you all,” explained the Absolute Heaven Saint.

Ye Qingtang was slightly taken aback by the Absolute Heaven Saint’s words. She asked in surprise, “So, Uncle-Master, you mean that after the Fourth Domain legacy opens, the Great Immortal Temple is prepared to send our younger disciples inside to find the Paragon Relic…”

“That’s right.” The Absolute Heaven Saint nodded. “But the Great Immortal Temple will not be the only one. All the supreme factions will be doing the same.”