Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2682: Fourth Domain (2)

Ye Qingtang was deep in thought after hearing the Absolute Heaven Saint’s words. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

If the top practitioners of the supreme factions were unable to enter at the beginning of the opening, and there were only the disciples and juniors, there might be a chance of them fighting for the Paragon Relic.

But even so, the disciples and juniors of the supreme factions were still very powerful. It would not be an easy task for the disciples of the Great Immortal Temple to snatch the Paragon Relic.

“Ye Yue, your martial arts skills might not be the highest in the Great Immortal Temple, but your master and I both think that you have the most talent and potential.” The Absolute Heaven Saint looked at Ye Qingtang.

Ye Qingtang shook her head. “Uncle-Master, actually, Senior Brother Xie Jun’s martial arts skills and talent are much better than mine.

Xie Jun was the direct disciple of the Absolute Heaven Saint. Even in the Great Immortal Temple, his martial art skills were considered outstanding. Although Xie Jun was a disciple of the Great Immortal Temple, he had established his own faction many years ago. Although the faction created by Xie Jun could not compare to those top supreme factions, it was still rather famous in the Divine Venerate Domain.

In Ye Qingtang’s future era, who did not know the name Xie Jun? The faction he founded would become the most mysterious evil force in the Divine Venerate Domain.

“Xie Jun is impetuous and not steady.” The Absolute Heaven Saint shook his head. He understood his beloved disciple very well.

“Master is right.”

A handsome young man with a cold expression suddenly appeared. He casually played with a fan in his hand as he slowly walked towards Ye Qingtang and the Absolute Heaven Saint.

“Senior Brother Xie Jun,” Ye Qingtang greeted respectfully when she saw the man in front of her.

Seeing Ye Qingtang’s reaction, the young man could not help smiling. His gaze was wicked as he looked at Ye Qingtang teasingly. “Junior Sister Ye, you are Uncle-Master Nine Heaven Saint’s most beloved little disciple. Your reputation is far greater than mine. Moreover, we are from the same sect and are of the same generation. Why do you need to speak to me so politely as if I am your elder, Junior Sister Ye?”

Ye Qingtang, ”

Despite what Xie Jun said, the reputation of the future Xie Jun was really too great. Everyone in the three domains would know of him. For a moment there, Ye Qingtang was in a fluster.

Updates by . com

In this era, they might be of the same generation… but in the future, Xie Jun… could indeed be considered an ancestor-level senior, right?

Xie Jun was not the only one. Even the Absolute Heaven Saint found Ye Qingtang’s behavior towards Xie Jun rather strange.

“Ye Yue is a humble person. It’s a publicly-acknowledged fact in the Great Immortal Temple.” The Absolute Heaven Saint smiled after a moment.

Xie Jun nodded with a smile. “Master is right. Ever since the day Junior Sister

Ye Yue entered the sect, she has always been extremely respectful to everyone. When I first saw Junior Sister Ye Yue that year, I thought she had a cold and indifferent personality and would be difficult to get along with. However, the outcome was unexpected. Who knew that Junior Sister Ye Yue would behave so respectfully to everyone? To be honest, this is the first time I’ve met such an easygomg person.”

Ye Qingtang, ”

It had to be said that this was the first time Ye Qingtang heard someone describing her as such.. In the entire Great Immortal Temple, everyone she met were all ancestor-level seniors… it was only right for her to be more respectful..