Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2684 Fourth Domain (4)

Xie Jun did not respond, but Ye Qingtang was stunned.

Obey her orders…

This seemed a little inappropriate.

“Ye Yue, you understand this Senior Brother of yours. He does things in his own way. All the disciples from the other supreme factions will also be entering. I’ve discussed this with your master, and we have decided that it is best if you are the one in charge of this operation. I will be worried if anyone else were to lead.”

Ye Qingtang, “…”

Did Master Nine Heaven Saint and Uncle-Master Absolute Heaven Saint have some misunderstanding about her…

Indeed, she was humble and low-profile in the Great Immortal Temple, but that was only toward her family members. To outsiders… she might not be as vicious as her Senior Brother Xie Jun, but she was definitely not far off…

“Junior Sister Ye Yue, you must not let us disciples be bullied after we enter the legacy realm.” Xie Jun smiled at Ye Qingtang.

“Remember, don’t cause too much trouble. We only have one goal. We should keep a low profile and just find the relic. Avoid conflict with the other factions,” said the Absolute Heaven Saint.

“Uncle-Master, I understand… I will try my best not to create more trouble…” Ye Qingtang had no choice but to assent.

“Your Senior Brother Lan Shan and Senior Sister Wan Rong are both unorthodox cultivators. Neither of them are pushovers. You must also keep an eye on them,” the Absolute Heaven Saint instructed.

Ye Qingtang knew about Senior Brother Lan Shan and Senior Sister Wan Rong. Those two people were very easy to get along with in the Great Immortal Temple. However, they would probably not be so easygoing toward outsiders.

Ye Qingtang had personally witnessed the brutality of those two seniors, especially Senior Sister Wan Rong. She was probably as vicious as Senior Brother Xie Jun.

Updates by . com

“Yes, Master is right. You have to keep a close eye on Lan Shan and Wan Rong, especially that Senior Sister Wan Rong of yours. I saw her skin an elite disciple of the Heavenly Demon Tribe with my very own eyes. In the end, the Heavenly Demon Tribe came to our Great Immortal Temple to denounce her. Don’t let her cause more trouble.” Xie Jun smiled at Ye Qingtang.

The Absolute Heaven Saint frowned slightly and stared at Xie Jun. “Do you have the right to call Wan Rong vicious? How much better is your temperament compared to Wan Rong?” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

After being reprimanded by the Absolute Heaven Saint, Xie Jun just sighed and shrugged without saying anything else. “Back then, if it weren’t for me, you would have been chased to the ends of the world by the Heavenly Saint Cult. Also, would the Dragon Emperor Clan have let you live to this day?” The Absolute Heaven Saint snorted.

“Uncle-Master, back then… How did Senior Brother Xie Jun offend the Heavenly Saint Cult?” Ye Qingtang looked at the Absolute Heaven Saint curiously.

The Heavenly Saint Cult was one of the most powerful factions in the Divine Venerate Domain. They had disciples all over the Third Domain and were definitely ruthless characters in the Divine Venerate Domain.

“Ask him yourself,” said the Absolute Heaven Saint.

Xie Jun smiled. “It’s nothing. I chopped off the heads of thirteen core disciples of Heavenly Saint Cult and tied their heads to their sacred pillar.”

Ye Qingtang, “…”

“But you can’t blame me. Back then, I obtained the legacy of the Western Holy King, and they tried to snatch it from me…” Xie Jun explained with a sincere smile.

At that moment, Ye Qingtang felt some regret. Why did she agree to the Absolute Heaven Saint’s request… these senior brothers and sisters were each more vicious than the last!