Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2688: Fourth Domain (8)

Ye Qingtang scanned her surroundings and frowned.

It seemed that she was surrounded by ice that would not melt for thousands of years. Not just in front, but also behind, left, right, above her head…

“Are we trapped in an ice cave?” Lan Shan stood up with a puzzled expression.

“Is this the Fourth Domain?” Wan Rong was a little bewildered.

“I’m not sure.” Ye Qingtang shook her head. She did not expect to be trapped in this cold space right after entering the void rift.

“Look!”

A disciple of the Great Immortal Temple frowned and pointed upwards.

Ye Qingtang scanned the situation and her expression became increasingly serious.

In her mind, she roughly knew what had happened. They were not trapped in an ice cave. Instead, they were trapped in a huge block of ice, which had sunk deep into the endless Dead Sea.

All around the huge ice block was black seawater, showing no signs of life at all. Everything was so quiet that a sense of despair seemed to permeate the entire space.

“Heh, our luck is really terrible. We ended up in this block of ice the moment we entered the void rift.” Lan Shan was a little exasperated.

“That’s not the main point. The main point is that the ice is in the sea. Even if we break out of the ice, we will be swallowed by the sea. It’s not clear how far we are from the land,” Wan Rong explained.

“Sigh, everything is swaying. I feel a little seasick…” One of the other disciples from the Great Immortal Temple looked queasy.

Xie Jun’s gaze landed on Ye Qingtang and he chuckled. “Commander-in-chief, what should we do now?”

Updates by . com

Ye Qingtang looked at Xie Jun helplessly, “Senior Brother Xie Jun, we have no choice but to break this ice now and go ashore separately.”

“Junior Sister Ye Yue is right. We can’t stay here forever and just continue to sink with the ice, right?” Lan Shan nodded.

“What if… what if there’s only the Dead Sea in the Fourth Domain and no land… won’t we be trapped in the sea until we die?” Another one of the Great Immortal Temple disciples asked.

“Shut up.” Wan Rong glared at the person who spoke.

“Alright, we’ll listen to Junior Sister Ye Yue. Let’s break the ice first,” said Xie Jun.

With that, Xie Jun casually smacked the ice in front of him. With a loud bang, the ice shattered. In the next second, endless seawater surged towards them. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

A barrier formed around Ye Qingtang, isolating all the seawater. Her body then sped upwards.

After about an hour, Ye Qingtang finally saw a flash of light. She broke out of the sea and stood in the air.

Before long, Xie Jun, Lan Shan, and the other disciples of the Great Immortal Temple flew into the sky from the bottom of the sea, escaping the restraint of the water.

Ye Qingtang looked around but there was only seawater. She did not know how far they were away from land.

“Junior Sister Ye Yue, let’s find land first,” Lan Shan said to Ye Qingtang.

Ye Qingtang nodded. “Let’s go.”

With that, everyone chose a direction and disappeared.

...

Several hours later, Lan Shan pointed ahead and frowned. “An ancient city.”

Ye Qingtang and the rest looked ahead.

Indeed, they could see land now. And in the center of it was an extremely dilapidated ancient city.