Chapter 2692: Mysterious Land (4)

A strange glint surfaced in Ye Qingtang’s eyes as she looked around.

Immediately after, a second Great Immortal Temple disciple who had just stepped out of the shop was sent flying back with a bang, just like the young man from before.

“What’s going on?!”

The two disciples looked at each other in dismay. They had been sent flying by some mysterious force and were unable to leave the shop.

“I don’t believe this!”

The young man who had just been sent flying picked up the Heaven-level divine weapon from the ground and ran out of the shop again.

But…

“Bang!”

Everyone saw the young man’s body flying in an arc through the air. He was thrown back and collapsed on the ground.

“I…”

The young man was just about to charge forward when Lan Shan grabbed him.

“Don’t be impulsive.” Lan Shan shook his head. “There’s something wrong with this shop.”

Ye Qingtang strode out of the shop.

Lan Shan was stunned. He was about to call out to Ye Qingtang, but she had already stepped out of the shop.

Updates by . com

She was not thrown back.

Everyone saw that Ye Qingtang was now standing outside the shop unscathed.

“Eh…” The purple-haired young man stared at Ye Qingtang in surprise and confusion.” Junior Sister Ye Yue, how did you manage to leave? ”

Ye Qingtang lowered her head in deep thought. After a moment, she looked at Zhou Yun and said, “Perhaps it’s because I didn’t take any Heaven-level divine weapons.”

“Huh?”

The disciples in the shop looked at each other in dismay. Realization dawned on everyone after hearing Ye Qingtang’s words. They had been so excited and thrilled that they had not thought about this properly. But they realized that this really seemed to be the case…

The two disciples who were sent flying both had several Heaven-level divine weapons in their hands. Meanwhile, Ye Qingtang’s hands were empty and she left the shop unscathed. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Junior Sister Ye Yue, you mean that these divine weapons in the shop cannot be brought out of the shop?” Wan Rong looked at Ye Qingtang.

Ye Qingtang nodded. “If I’m not wrong, that should be the case.”

“Let me try.” Wan Rong stepped out of the shop.

“Indeed, I was not stopped…” Wan Rong looked at Ye Qingtang.

“Everyone, don’t move!”

Suddenly, the young man who had been sent flying shouted. In front of everyone, he threw several Heaven-level divine weapons to the side.

The young man strode out of the shop.

The disciples were surprised to see the young man successfully walk out of the shop.

As Ye Qingtang predicted, if one tried to leave the shop with the Heaven-level divine weapons, they would be sent back into the shop by an invisible mysterious force. None of the divine weapons in the shop could be brought out.

“So, these Heaven-level divine weapons can’t be taken away… So we can only look at them?!” A female Great Immortal Temple disciple gritted her teeth as if she could not accept this outcome.

They had always dreamed of obtaining a divine weapon. Now, a whole array was right in front of them and they could even feel their divine power. Furthermore… no one was fighting with them for it.

But they could only look at them and could not take any away!