Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 301: Demonic Blood Sword (2)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

As the warden spoke slowly, the cold air which extended up his hand caused his hand to lose color. He quickly put the black sword back into the brocade box and looked at that disciple who spoke carelessly.

“You actually said that there is nothing special about the Demonic Blood Sword of the Invincible Slayer, Chi Xue? If it were a hundred years ago, you would have been slaughtered by this Demonic Blood Sword.”

That disciple felt a chill down his spine. Never would he have expected that the old and simplistic black sword would actually be the legendary Demonic Blood Sword!

Even after a hundred years later, the name Chi Xue, the Invincible Slayer, still circulated in the world. The thought of his heinous, bloody crimes was enough to cause goosebumps.

Many outer sect disciples—at least nine thousand—like that disciple died under the Demonic Blood Sword.

Compared to Chi Xue, the Invincible Slayer, the owner of the previous Blazing Flame Sword was simply nothing!

Ye Qingtang stared at the Demonic Blood Sword which was laying in the brocade box. Although she had not touched it for herself, she could already feel a fierce demonic air radiating from the sword such that the surrounding temperature dropped.

“This Demonic Blood Sword is very precious, and its price is immeasurable. In the Xuanming Pavilion, it would require at least one hundred thousand Xuanming points,” the warden said.

“One hundred thousand!” The disciples’ jaws fell upon hearing such an expensive price.

A hundred thousand Xuanming points!

Even if they were given ten years, they would not be able to save up that amount.

Ye Qingtang was slightly taken aback as well. Compared to the Blazing Flame Sword and Dragon Spring Sword, this Demonic Blood Sword gave her a completely different feeling, so much that she felt an impulse the moment when she saw it.

She needed this sword!

The warden took in everyone’s shocked expressions and scoffed quietly. Then, he turned to face the rather shocked Ye Qingtang and said, “This is a good sword, and it lives up to the price of a hundred thousand Xuanming points. However…”

The warden spoke from another perspective. “Although this sword is good, its demonic blood aura is too strong, and the user might be counter-attacked by the demonic aura if careless. Thus… this sword only costs forty thousand now.”

The warden took this Demonic Blood Sword out because he had already found out the number of Xuanming points Ye Qingtang had.

Ye Qingtang frowned slightly.

Forty thousand?

The number of Xuanming points that she could use now was only five thousand.

The warden saw Ye Qingtang furrowing her brows and thought that she was worried about the demonic blood aura on the sword. “Although there is a demonic blood aura on the sword, it has been many years, and a person whose mind is firm enough would not be counter-attacked. It is definitely a steal to exchange this sword that is worth a hundred thousand Xuanming points for just forty thousand Xuanming points. This is a rare opportunity.”

The warden tried to entice Ye Qingtang, wanting to sell the Demonic Blood Sword away as quickly as possible.

Ye Qingtang looked at the Demonic Blood Sword. Others were afraid that they might be counter-attacked by the Demonic Blood Sword, but she had no reason to worry at all. The Heart of the Demon God in her was the ultimate demonic object in the world. No matter how strong the demonic aura was, as long as the Heart of the Demon God was present, there was no possibility of being counter-attacked.

Moreover, the Demonic Blood Sword with suppressed demonic blood aura was more than suitable for Ye Qingtang.

As what the warden said, forty thousand Xuanming points was extremely worth it, and it could be said that it was an extreme steal.

It was just that… Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Where was she to obtain forty thousand Xuanming points from?