Chapter 308: Orange Spirit Root!

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Afterward, Song Junqiu walked away without looking back.

The two disciples following beside Song Junqiu saw this and murmured. “Senior Brother Song thought too highly of her already. It is simply a fool’s talk for her to enter the inner sect.”

Song Junqiu scoffed. “If she can’t enter the inner sect, we’ll treat it as that she has good luck. If she enters the inner sect…” Song Junqiu narrowed his eyes into slits, and a vicious look flashed across his eyes.

The two disciples beside him made eye contact and understood what Song Junqiu was thinking of.

After chasing Song Junqiu and the rest away, Ye Qingtang calmed her heart once again. The urge for the spirit root to break through which stopped just now continued to build up again, and the warm sensation surged into her abdomen rapidly.

Spirit energy lingered around the spirit root and nourished it without a sound.

Suddenly…

Ye Qingtang felt an unusual burn at the area where her spirit root was, and subsequently, her body temperature rose up. A flow of hot air seemed to rush up from her abdomen to the top of her skull!

Instinctively, Ye Qingtang used all her energy and suppressed that intense heat, not allowing it to spread to other areas.

As the temperature rose bit by bit, her face turned from white to red. In the Spirit Consonance River, the faint red light at her abdomen area gradually turned orange!

Orange spirit root! DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Ye Qingtang immediately held her breath. The transformation of the spirit root caused the heat around her body to vanish immediately, and she could clearly sense that the spirit root in her body was completely reborn!

From red spirit root to orange spirit root, Ye Qingtang took a few months, and this breakthrough happened to resolve one of her biggest worries.

Although it was still an orange spirit root now, as long as her spirit root could be upgraded…

In the future…

It would be possible to achieve a yellow spirit root, green spirit root, and even the blue spirit root that was stolen from her!

Overwhelmed with joy, she took a deep breath to forcefully suppress her excitement.

She always felt that there were traces of her spirit root making a breakthrough previously but never managed to reach the last step. However, the rich spirit energy in the Spirit Consonance River gave her the finishing push!

Ye Qingtang could feel that when her spirit root transformed, her abilities had also advanced to the peak of Connate Level 8 from the previous Connate Level 7!

In just two hours, she actually advanced one entire level!

This was simply not what ordinary people dared to think of!

Fifteen thousand Xuanming points could exchange for such a massive improvement. This was more than worth it to her.

The last hint of heartache vanished into thin air at that moment.

Ye Qingtang did not spend too much time on improving her spirit root. She only had six hours, and once it was over, it would be impossible for her to gather enough Xuanming points to cultivate here again in a short span of time.

Immediately, Ye Qingtang calmed her heart down and directed her energy all over her body, as though she wished to absorb even more in this short six hours!

Six hours passed in the blink of an eye. When Ye Qingtang opened her eyes, there were no other disciples in the Spirit Consonance River anymore. Ye Qingtang’s time in the Spirit Consonance River was up, and she could only leave. The gains today satisfied her fully.

There was still half a month before the inner sect assessment, and she must reach Connate Level 9 in this period of time. Otherwise, the probability of winning against the top three elites on the ranking chart was too small.

In the next few weeks, Ye Qingtang was absorbed in an almost-mad cultivation.