Chapter 323: The Top of the Outer Sect (4)

RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Ye Qingtang and Ji Xianyuan had more than a hundred attacks on the arena. Every attack was intense and fatal.

The arena that was cracked was about to collapse under the constant force.

Under the intersections of the sword light, Ye Qingtang pulled herself away from Ji Xianyuan as she jumped to the corner of the arena.

The delicate face was full of sweat now. No one could even imagine being able to break through Connate Level Nine in such a short period of time. Ye Qingtang put in all her effort to reach today’s level and had the ability to fight against Ji Xianyuan.

However…

She could not drag this on anymore.

Ye Qingtang narrowed her eyes.

She had just entered the peak of Connate Level Nine, so her spirit energy was not as strong as Ji Xianyuan’s. She mainly relied on her fighting experiences from her previous life to be able to fight against Ji Xianyuan up to now.

If she dragged on further, her spirit energy might not be able to hold on anymore.

Ye Qingtang immediately made a decision in her heart.

Ji Xianyuan’s breath was not as stable as before as well. He was surprised by Ye Qingtang’s abilities. If he did not experience the fight against Ye Qingtang, he could not believe the fifteen-year-old young lady had entered the state of Connate Level Nine

However, when Ji Xianyuan was about to attack, Ye Qingtang moved first.

Ye Qingtang lowered her body as she dashed over. It was surprising that she kept her sword back. Her right hand was placed on the handle of the sword, but it seemed that she did not intend to pull out her sword.

Ji Xianyuan felt something was peculiar, but Ye Qingtang was dashing towards him. He shouted and focused all his spirit energy on his sword. The moment he raised his sword, countless gales were concentrated on the edge of his sword.

Ji Xianyuan split his sword down immediately. The strong sword breath crushed everything around him. As Ye Qingtang approached him, her figure suddenly sparkled across his eyes. The tiny figure suddenly split into two, and he could not tell which one was the real one.

Ji Xianyuan was stunned. Before he could differentiate which one was the real one…

Ye Qingtang pulled her sword and pierced forward with her fastest speed as he was distracted.

Ji Xianyuan only saw a streak of cold light flying out of Ye Qingtang’s waist. As he withdrew his sword to defend himself, he then realized…

His sword dropped onto the messy arena without him realizing that. A deep wound appeared on the hand that was holding the sword, and the wound spread across his entire hand. Blood was flowing out of his wound and dripping onto the ground.

A sudden pain spread out from his chest.

Ji Xianyuan lowered his head instinctively. His chest was cut by the sword…

Ye Qingtang raised her sword up under the sight. The sword was covered with blood. A drop of blood flowed down the sword and landed in front of her.

The whole square was dead silent. Everyone’s gaze was focused on Ye Qingtang’s sword.

“Senior Brother Ji, do not mind that.” Ye Qingtang swung her sword to get rid of the blood and kept the sword back.

Ji Xianyuan touched the wound on his chest gently. The warm blood filled his fingers. His eyes were full of surprise. The wound was not very deep, but he was clear that if this were not a battle, Ye Qingtang’s sword would have killed him if she had used slightly more strength.