Chapter 345: A Beating A Day (3)

Translator:Atlas Studios

Editor:Atlas Studios

"I can't help it if you don't believe me. I really didn't do anything..." The Blood Moon Sect Elder's eyes fleeted.

Ye Qingtang looked coldly at the Blood Moon Sect Elder, who tried to find excuses. After scanning the surrounding and ensuring there was no one nearby, she sprinted to the Blood Moon Sect Elder's front, and before he could react, she grabbed his collar and threw him over her shoulder!

With a loud bang, the Blood Moon Sect Elder immediately saw stars from the beating.

"What... what are you doing..."

Ye Qingtang lifted the Blood Moon Sect Elder who was grimacing in pain. "Don't think that I don't know how you've been looking at the disciples here as though you want to eat them up alive ever since you entered the sect. If I wasn't watching over you, you would have taken so many lives already."

"I'm accused..." The Blood Moon Sect Elder was adamant to not admit it.

Ye Qingtang narrowed her threat-filled eyes. "I don't care whether you've done it or not. I'm telling you that you must enter the inner sect of Xuanling Sect in a month. Otherwise, I'll beat you up until all your teeth drop!"

She did not think that he would be so bold to kill disciples within the sect.

If anyone found out about it, not only would his identity as the Blood Moon Sect Elder be revealed, but she would also get into trouble.

"Enter the inner sect?" The Blood Moon Sect Elder suddenly looked at her. "I can't even beat you the other time. How would I have the ability to enter the inner sect? Even if you wanted me to enter... you should help me to regain my powers somehow... Ow..."

Before the Blood Moon Sect Elder finished his sentence, he was punched by Ye Qingtang, and tears spilled instantly due to the pain.

Goddamn Ye Qingtang!If not for the fact that my skills are not yet recovered, I would definitely chop her into pieces!

"I don't care what means you use, but I'm telling you that from today on, I'll give you a beating a day every day until you enter the inner sect!" Ye Qingtang narrowed her eyes that were overflowing with threat.

If this fellow continued to remain in the outer sect, god knows how many outer sect disciples would be killed by him. She must get him into the inner sect.

"The assessment has already ended. Where am I going to find a way to enter the inner sect..." Tears were streaming from the Blood Moon Sect Elder's eyes after being punched by Ye Qingtang, and he wished he could scold all her ancestors.

It was really a case of how a man who lost position and influence would be subjected to indignity!

"Find a way yourself. This is all I have to say." Ye Qingtang uttered.

The Blood Moon Sect Elder curled his lips and thought to himself:You've entered the inner sect already, how would you have the time to beat me up? Like hell I'll believe you. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

He did not know that Ye Qingtang already pretty much guessed his thoughts. Looking at his indifferent behavior, Ye Qingtang's lips curled up, and a devilish smile broke out on her face.

"I live up to my words. Although I'm in the inner sect, Senior Brother Yun, Senior Brother Qin, and the rest are still in the outer sect. Luckily, it's almost the end of the year, and they don't have anything on hand. I believe they'll be very willing to "practice" with you every day."

The Blood Moon Sect Elder's face darkened immediately.

Ye Qingtang did enter the inner sect, but her group of senior brothers and sisters were still in the outer sect. If Ye Qingtang gave orders...

The Blood Moon Sect Elder could not help but feel a chill run down his spine.

Although he absorbed the essence of a few outer sect disciples, which made up a little for his loss... the skills of Lin Long, Gu Yanqiu, Qin Huan, and Yun Shu were still above average in the outer sect. If they all ganged up on him, he would only be beaten up.