Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 356: Blinding Forging Skills (2)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

However, Ye Qingtang could not be bothered with these. Everything she did was merely to allow her to have even more chips to confront Ye You.

Seeing that the forging of the Demonic Blood Sword was completed, Ye Qingtang estimated that there was still some time left. Then, her eyes landed on a pile of meteoric iron laid aside.

Since she had already spent one thousand Xuanming points, why not make use of this time to forge some other things?

Then, Ye Qingtang bent down to select suitable materials.

The expressions of the elderly and incharge, who were standing not far away, had long turned a little weird.

The incharge was about to walk up to her but was stopped by the elderly.

“Looking at her, it seems that she still wants to continue. Let’s watch first,” said the elderly in a composed manner.

Stunned, the incharge nodded and retreated to a side although there was a look of surprise in his eyes.

The elderly’s eyes were fully fixed on Ye Qingtang, who chose a black slab of iron from the pile of materials. His eyes twinkled.

“Is that the black gold meteorite iron?” The elderly looked at the incharge beside him.

The incharge was dumbfounded slightly and only confirmed it after taking a closer look.

“Yes. That is the black gold meteorite iron. It was left from forging a glove previously. I’m afraid other blacksmiths did not notice and ended placing it in the ordinary materials.” The warden could not help but feel a pinch in his heart.

The grade of that black gold meteorite iron was extremely superior. It was just that it looked basically the same as black iron, and one would not even be able to tell the difference if he or she was not an expert.

Although they looked the same, there was a world of difference in their prices.

The price of a slab of black gold meteorite iron could buy hundreds of thousands of tons of black iron, and even the Sword Spirit Workshop only had a few slabs of it.

Usually, such precious materials would be kept well, but someone did not notice and took it as ordinary black iron, placing it in the pile of materials.

Although it was just the size of a palm, it was already worth a fortune.

“I’ll let her know.” The incharge looked at the elderly rather apologetically. That black gold meteorite iron was probably over tens of thousands of Xuanming points.

“Forget it. Since you let her select the materials herself, how can there be a reason to ask for the item back?” The elderly waved a hand as curiosity emerged in his eyes.

It was just unknown whether this little girl identified the black gold meteorite iron correctly or treated it as black iron.

The incharge retreated to a side and could not help but feel vexed.

The black gold meteorite iron was extremely previous. Although Ye Qingtang did surprise them with her embedding previously, embedding was not forging. Truly forging a weapon from raw material was way more complicated than embedding.

If such a wonderful black gold meteorite iron was ruined by this girl, wouldn’t it be a pity?

Helplessly… Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

The elderly had already laid his words, and no matter how unwilling the incharge was, he could only bear with it at that moment.

The incharge was gloomy, but on the other hand, Ye Qingtang was exceptionally delighted.

She did not expect to find such an amazing treasure like the black gold meteorite iron in the pile of materials.

Although it was indeed small, it should be enough to forge a dagger after heating it.

Picking up such a huge bargain for nothing, Ye Qingtang’s heart no longer ached over the one thousand Xuanming points spent. One thousand Xuanming points in exchange for a slab of black gold meteorite iron. Was there even a better deal on earth?

Delightedly, Ye Qingtang directly placed the black gold meteorite iron into the furnace to heat it and turned around to pick up a few Spirit Crystals.