Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 358: Blinding Forging Skills (4)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

The incharge was utterly dumbfounded. He had been forging items for many years and was also a rather famous blacksmith who had produced quite a number of divine weapons. But…

He had never seen someone forging like that!

Seeing that it was about done, Ye Qingtang removed the molten iron and allowed it to cool. Before the black gold meteorite iron was fully cooled, it could still be shaped. Ye Qingtang immediately hammered the deformed slab of black gold meteorite iron.

Sparks flew with every hammer. Ye Qingtang hammered at an extremely fast speed and with enough force. In just a moment, she had already hammered a hundred times. Even the elderly and the incharge, who secretly observed her, were amazed by the accuracy and strength of her hammering.

Putting everything aside, her hammering skills alone had already exceeded their expectations.

Her skills were probably better than most of the blacksmiths in the Sword Spirit Workshop.

“What is this girl’s background? Looking at how steady her hammering is, it seems like the skills of someone who has been forging armaments for decades.” The more the elderly watched, the more surprised he was. The little girl before him clearly looked only around ten or so years old, and even if she had been making weapons since young, her techniques should not be this polished.

“She has already hammered about a thousand times. Why is she still not preparing to shape the black gold meteorite iron?” The incharge was at a loss as well. He watched Ye Qingtang hammer the metal for some time, and although her actions were sharp and nimble, that slab of black gold meteorite iron was nowhere near being stretched into a weapon and was still a dark, black block of metal.

Ye Qingtang did not notice the peeping eyes behind her and was only focused on the black gold meteorite iron before her.

She originally wanted to find a material that was not so bad in quality and forge a small weapon with it. However, she did not expect to actually find such a treasure. Would it not be a waste if she did not make use of it well?

Since she got a bargain, of course she had to make the best out of it.

After hammering for a thousand times, Ye Qingtang threw the black gold meteorite iron into the furnace once again. Wiping the sweat off her forehead, she took out some Spirit Crystals again and crushed it using the method she did previously.

The elderly and incharge were dumbfounded.

Ye Qingtang repeatedly heated the black gold meteorite iron into molten iron, added Spirit Crystal powder, and hammered it patiently. That was just like…

She wanted to fully combine the Spirit Crystal powder with the black gold meteorite iron!

“Oh my lord. This girl is rather strange.” The incharge hit his forehead and was increasingly alarmed the more he watched.

He, as well, knew about combining other items. However, the quality of most combined items was close to the base material itself as it was not too difficult to combine two different items if they had similar qualities. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

However, the black gold meteorite iron and Spirit Crystals had two completely different qualities, and to completely combine them was simply unimaginable.

To combine it well, the number of times to hammer would be multiplied a few times, and it was definitely not a small job. Furthermore, whether they could be perfectly combined was not certain. Thus, normal blacksmiths never dared to take such a risk.

If the materials were unable to combine completely, the black gold meteorite iron was going to be completely wasted!

Ye Qingtang felt that it was about done after repeatedly adding Spirit Crystals three times. After combining it the final time, Ye Qingtang started to stretch the entire block of black gold meteorite iron, which was slowly forged into the shape of a dagger.