Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 359: Master of Forging (1)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

As the clanging sounds spread within the Sword Spirit Workshop, the elderly and incharge’s gaze started to burn.

At that moment, the two people, like kids with a strong thirst for knowledge, had their eyes fixed on Ye Qingtang, who gradually forged that block of black gold meteorite iron into an extremely sharp dagger.

Time ticked away. Absorbed in forging, Ye Qingtang seemed to have lost track of time. She placed the newly made dagger into the cold water to cool it for the final time, and when she took it out, its black blade shone with subtle brilliance. It seemed as though a dark sky full of stars had transformed into this dagger, which was about the length of a forearm.

“It’s pretty good-looking.” Ye Qingtang grinned at the dagger made by combining Spirit Crystal powder. With the pure black black gold meteorite iron as the base and crystal powder shining through it, its appearance was extremely beautiful.

After all the processes were done, Ye Qingtang finally heaved in relief. She placed the Demonic Blood Sword and the dagger before her separately.

The strengthening of the Demonic Blood Sword went without saying, but the dagger was an unexpected surprise.

Exchanging so many babies with one thousand Xuanming points was really a huge profit!

After admiring them for a while, she kept the two weapons and was prepared to leave.

However, only when she turned around did she realize that the incharge of the Sword Spirit Workshop and that elderly had been standing a distance away behind her from some time ago, and their eyes were on her. It seemed that they had been watching for quite some time.

Ye Qingtang was slightly alarmed.

The forging technique she used previously had not appeared up to date. The method of embedding Spirit Crystals into weapons was only circulated by a blacksmith master months later while the technique of combining crushed Spirit Crystals into materials was discovered only a hundred years later.

According to the current knowledge of forging techniques, whatever she did was simply incomprehensible.

But thinking from another perspective, it was not a big deal to use a method that no one knew of.

At that thought, Ye Qingtang finally sighed in relief. She looked up to check the time and realized… 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

Unknowingly, she had spent nearly ten hours in the Sword Spirit Workshop, which exceeded the six hours that the incharge had set initially by quite a bit.

The incharge had an arrogant attitude, and it might have been a misconduct to exceed her time limit by four hours. However…

There were not many Xuanming points in her hands, and if the incharge ordered her to make up for the extra time she spent, she did not have any remaining Xuanming points to do so.

“I apologize for not noticing the time,” Ye Qingtang said rather awkwardly to the incharge.

The incharge suddenly returned to his senses and scanned Ye Qingtang with a weird expression. However, he did not dare to show his emotions with the elderly beside him and only feigned composure. “It’s fine. The Sword Spirit Workshop is not an apathetic place. So be it if you exceeded the time.”

The incharge spoke generously, but he completely did not mind Ye Qingtang using four additional hours. If possible, he wished Ye Qingtang would forge a few more weapons for him to watch to his heart’s content.

Ye Qingtang was at a loss.

The Sword Spirit Workshop was not an apathetic place?

It was her first time hearing it in both her current and previous lives.

If this were circulated, the Xuanling Sect disciples’ chins would probably drop in shock.

Who was not aware that the Sword Spirit Workshop had the most rules?

Ye Qingtang could not understand why the incharge suddenly changed his attitude. Since she was not required to supplement additional Xuanming points, she was obviously happy to be saved from additional trouble.