Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 362: Mission (1)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Ye Qingtang would never treat the people around her poorly. After entering the inner sect in her previous life, the sword boy and attendant girl appointed to her treated her pretty well, and that was a slight portion of warmth she received in the sect. However, those two kids were probably not yet ten right now and had not been selected by the sect. She was not powerful enough in her previous life and could not do anything for them. Meeting Fei Ying and Ni Shang this time was considered a kind of fate.

In her previous life, Fei Ying was able to become an official inner sect disciple through his own talent, and what she did merely won her a favor. Rather, it was Ni Shang… She had never heard anything about Ni Shang in her previous life, but she could tell that Ni Shang’s talent was not any lower than Fei Ying’s from these few days. Yet somehow, she did not manage to become an official disciple in her previous life.

The two kids still wanted to reject the gifts but were forced to accept them by Ye Qingtang.

With a pile of items in their hands, Fei Ying and Ni Shang were both surprised and delighted. They thanked her continuously and engraved this precious favor of hers in their hearts.

It was really their blessing to be able to meet such a nice person like Ye Qingtang.

Ye Qingtang waved a hand for them to continue with their work. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

There was not much work in the courtyard on usual days, and the two kids were idle most of the time. As a sword boy, Fei Ying could exchange a few moves with Ye Qingtang. However, Ye Qingtang’s method of cultivation was not similar to that of normal people. Thus, she rarely allowed Fei Ying to practice with her.

Rather than letting the two of them waste their time, allowing them to cultivate and improve their skills in their spare time was much better.

With a weapon she adored, Ye Qingtang would naturally not neglect her cultivation. A month passed in the blink of an eye. Apart from giving the two kids some guidance in their cultivation, most of her time was spent on upgrading herself.

The spirit energy in the inner sect was much richer than the outer sect, and this was more nourishing for Ye Qingtang’s spirit root.

After entering the inner sect for a month, new disciples were required to begin accepting sect missions. However, before that, Ye Qingtang had already accepted two rewarded missions by herself and earned quite a lot of Xuanming points, which she used to cultivate in the Spirit Consonance River.

It was a coincidence that her first sect appointed mission was actually together with the Blood Moon Sect Elder.

When the Blood Moon Sect Elder saw Ye Qingtang, there was a subtle change in his expression, and it was not as resistant as before.

“Some outer sect disciples have not returned from their sect mission within the stipulated timing. The sect wants me to take a look.” Ye Qingtang looked at the mission scroll, and when she thought of the word ‘disappearance,’ her eyes fell on the Blood Moon Sect Elder.

The mass disappearance of disciples from different sects was mostly related to the Blood Moon Sect’s resurrection. However, the disappearance situation stopped afterward. Now that there was another disappearance case two months later, Ye Qingtang could not help but suspect whether it was related to the Blood Moon Sect.

The Blood Moon Sect Elder was rather annoyed by Ye Qingtang’s stare. “Don’t look at me. I’ve always been in Xuanling Sect during this period of time, and even if a disciple did disappear, it has nothing to do with me.”

Even if he wanted to, there was no opportunity.

Moreover, with Ye Qingtang’s threat and temptation using the Source of the Marrow Pill and Bonded Soul Pill, how would he act recklessly under her watch?

“I know it’s not you. I’m just asking if you have any clues,” Ye Qingtang said.

The Blood Moon Sect Elder replied. “How would I have any clues? Everyone from the Blood Moon Sect had their souls sealed back then, and most of them were scattered everywhere. How would I be able to know anything?”

Ye Qingtang was troubled over the matter as well and was more vigilant. If this incident was really related to the Blood Moon Sect, there was nothing bad about the Blood Moon Sect Elder following along.