Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 380: Ice and Fire (4)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Ye Qingtang took a deep breath and swallowed a Quenching Flame Pill.

The Quenching Flame Pill dissolved the moment it entered her mouth, with its bitterness mixed with a burning sensation traveling down from her throat to her abdomen.

Instantly, a blazing-like burn spread throughout Ye Qingtang’s abdomen. The boiling hot sensation in her body and the piercing cold on her skin formed a distinct contrast.

Under the catalysis of the Quenching Flame Pill, the spirit energy in Ye Qingtang’s body began to surge continuously throughout her entire body and reached a peak. That surging spirit energy desperately wanted to escape the body in search of a place to be released, but the water that was mixed with large quantities of Ice Skin Powder, which her body was submerged in, sealed that wild energy in her body with not a tiny bit being leaked out.

To advance one realm in ten days was absolutely not what an ordinary person could achieve and definitely impossible for even a rare genius of a century.

To win the Life and Death Ring ten days later, she had to take another route. What she did today was an extreme method which stimulated her potential.

She used the medicinal effect of the Quenching Flame Pill to stimulate her spirit energy to a peak in a short span of time and then used the Ice Skin powder to seal all the spirit energy in the body.

This type of cultivation method was only discovered a hundred years later in her previous life, and obviously, no one was aware of it currently.

As long as Ye Qingtang could withstand the torture of the two extremes of ice and fire, she could continue to be at her ultimate limit; cultivating under this extreme condition could allow the improvement in her cultivation to be maximized. However, there was a drawback to this cultivation method.

Forcefully sealing the surging spirit energy in her body would be an extremely great burden to the spirit root. If the spirit energy surged too much, the spirit root might even be damaged and ruined.

Hence, in her previous life, although many knew of this method which could increase their skills rapidly, only a few dared to use it.

However… Ye Qingtang knew a method which could avoid the spirit root from being ruined.

Ye Qingtang slowly raised the Floating Pagoda that was held in her hand for a long time. She placed her hands together and positioned the Floating Pagoda in her palm. In the interlacing of ice and fire, she calmed her heart and catalyzed the Floating Pagoda, guiding its energy into her body bit by bit.

These Floating Pagodas were obtained back in the Treasure Pavilion in Lin Town. All this while, she had always used the Floating Pagoda to nourish her spirit root.

Floating Pagodas were rather effective in nourishing the spirit root, and in this extreme cultivation method, it could protect the spirit root from suffering any damage.

Ye Qingtang still had a few Floating Pagodas in her hands, which should be enough for ten days of cultivation.

With the Floating Pagoda’s protection of the spirit root which isolated the damage from the Quenching Flame Pill, Ye Qingtang calmed her heart and regulated her breathing, completely absorbed in her cultivation. In the torment of the extremities, she directed the spirit energy in her body to her eight extraordinary meridians. With the flow of the spirit energy, Ye Qingtang could clearly feel that the spirit energy in her body was increasing sharply along with time.

Delight filled her, but she did not dare to move around. In just an instant, she calmed down and continued cultivating. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Because the spirit energy was always sealed in the body, the effect of the Quenching Flame Pill did not disappear completely, and this extreme cultivation could be sustained. Ye Qingtang calculated the duration of the effect that each Quenching Flame Pill could last, which was roughly at most eight hours. She required at least two pills a day, which was why she bought twenty of them.