Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 409: Drifting Cloud Island (1)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

The Blood Moon Sect Elder was extremely aggrieved. What had the stupid competition between the sects got to do with him?

Why had the Revolving Soul Orb that Ye Qingtang gave to Elder Qin not exploded?

Hurry up and explode and kill that annoying Elder Qin!

Ye Qingtang looked at the Blood Moon Sect Elder’s unwilling expression and thought it was funny.

Thinking about it, it was true though. He was a mighty Blood Moon Sect Elder yet was trapped in the sect right now and still had to participate in a competition between sect disciples. If this was circulated, everyone’s jaws would probably drop.

Ye Qingtang joined the team as a reserve this time, so she did not need to be overly nervous. Rather, the Blood Moon Sect Elder was sent by the Array Faction to officially participate in the competition and was summoned by the warden leading the team to listen to instructions. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

This competition was very important to Xuanling Sect. It had been dormant for ten years, and whether they could rise was dependent on the Three Sect Competition. This trip was led by Elder Mo and Elder Lin, as well as the other three elders of the Fist Faction, Array Faction, and Herbal Faction. Together, all of them headed to Drifting Cloud Island where the Three Sect Competition was held.

…

The Drifting Cloud Island was situated above the ocean and enveloped in the clouds. People who were not from the three sects would be unable to find this place. A thousand years ago, Drifting Cloud Island had rich spirit energy and could be said to be the sacred land for cultivation. The owner of the island once opened the island to the public for many powerful figures to cultivate there.

Throughout the thousand years, the spirit energy on Drifting Cloud Island remained to be contended by sect disciples. All the sects wished to send their disciples to cultivate on the island, and there was no lack of traces of struggle amongst the sects.

To prevent the island from being ruined in the battles, the owner of the island made an agreement with the three most powerful sects in the battle that year to turn the endless fights into a competition, where the sect in the first place could send ten disciples to the island. The second place winner had a quota of five people while the sect in the last place would have no fate with the spirit energy on the island.

The three sects had no objection to this rule when it was laid. Throughout hundreds of years, the sects had each been the champion and sent many disciples to the island, where the skills of those disciples who cultivated on the island improved by leaps and bounds.

However, there was a change in this situation of balance in the last hundred years.

The people from Xuanling Sect rode a cloud boat and passed by the horizon, heading towards the legendary Drifting Cloud Island.

“Initially, Xuanling Sect’s skills were not considered weak amongst the three sects. Since the rules of the Three Sect Competition was fixed, Xuanling Sect had sent nearly a hundred disciples to the Drifting Cloud Island as well. However, in the last hundred years, it seemed that our sect never sent any disciple anymore.” A disciple mumbled as he watched the lingering clouds around him.

“It can’t be? Why did it become this way?” It was the first time that this disciple participated in the Three Sect Competition and curiosity arose within him.

“Wind Moon Sect has always been powerful while Qinglin Sect used to be weak. However, Qinglin Sect earned the support of the Yunxiao Sect a hundred years ago, and their abilities improved greatly in this hundred years. They were originally placed at the bottom but had chased up now.”

“Yunxiao Sect?”

The Xuanling Sect disciples had a shocked expression after hearing the two words.

Although Xuanling Sect and Yunxiao Sect were both sects, there was a world of differences between them.

Even if one was an elite disciple in the inner sect of Xuanling Sect, he or she was at most an outer sect disciple in Xuanling Sect, and entering the inner sect was completely impossible.