Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 411: Drifting Cloud Island (3)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Ye Qingtang took a deep breath. She only heard rumors about the Drifting Cloud Island in her previous life and had no fate to come to the island. Unexpectedly, the spirit energy on the island was actually about the same as in the Spirit Consonance River.

Standing here for a while was akin to being soaked in the Spirit Consonance River.

No wonder inner sect disciples eagerly fought for a place as a reserve even though they could not participate in the match in her previous life. Over the course of the Three Sect Competition, they could remain on the Drifting Cloud island for a few days, where they earned a few days of spirit energy nourishment without needing to do anything.

The owner of the Drifting Cloud Island had already sent people to receive the disciples from the three sects.

After approaching the islander, Elder Mo and the rest headed to the main venue of the Three Sect Competition under that islander’s lead.

“This Drifting Cloud Island is pretty interesting…” The Blood Moon Sect Elder scanned the island. It was rare that he was satisfied with the place.

Ye Qingtang did not reply to him and merely looked past the forest on the island. When she looked at a cliff on the island, a figure suddenly flashed past from the cliff. Ye Qingtang saw a slight trace of the person but was a little taken aback by what she saw.

“Mu Su?” Confusion unveiled in her eyes. Why did she feel that the person on the cliff just now looked similar to the Mu Su, the City Lord of Fallen Stars City?

However, that figure disappeared too quickly, and even if Ye Qingtang wished to confirm it another time, there no longer was a chance to.

Ye Qingtang swept the confusion in her heart away. Fallen Stars City was extremely far away from Drifting Cloud Island, and she had never heard that Mu Su had any relations to Drifting Cloud Island.

Furthermore…

Ye Qingtang was not bothered whether or not Mu Su was on the Drifting Cloud Island. Who she was truly concerned of was the person behind Mu Su, Han Cangming!

Thinking of that Palace Lord of Antiquity Palace, Ye Qingtang felt goosebumps all over as her eyes uncontrollably landed on the ring that was forced on her finger.

Up until now, Ye Qingtang’s heart still quivered whenever she recalled the shocking words that a certain someone said that night in the Spirit Condensation Mountain Village. She tried to pull the ring on her finger off many times, but it was as though the ring was glued on her finger and did not budge at all.

She could not possibly chop her hand off…

“Perhaps I saw wrongly.” Ye Qingtang comforted herself.

The Palace Lord of Antiquity Palace should not be so free to stroll on the Drifting Cloud Island. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

…

On the other side, Mu Su was standing on the cliff of Drifting Cloud Island watching the people in Xuanling Sect uniforms enter the island slowly. Once he caught sight of that familiar figure, astonishment flashed past his eyes, and he immediately darted off, disappearing from the cliff without a trace.

“Your Highness!” Mu Su swiftly reached a cavern hidden in the dense forest at the bottom of the mountain. There was a Grotto-heaven in that cavern which was just like a small-sized palace.

A wide jade stage was in the center of that palace.

On the jade stage, a pallid Han Cangming was sitting cross-legged.

Han Cangming looked up slightly. His good-looking face was, however, a few shades paler at that instant. Glaring streaks of blood flowed down from his forehead to his collar.

“Your Highness, I saw the Xuanling Sect team entering the Drifting Cloud Island just now, and… Lady Ye is also in the team.” Mu Su kneeled on a knee and reported everything he saw to Han Cangming.

There was not a slight trace of emotion on Han Cangming’s face. His pale lips closed as a faint look of surprise flashed across his eyes quietly.