Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 425: The Competition (4)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Initial success in the Moonlight Steps Swordplay Technique?

Definitely, the Moonlight Steps Swordplay Technique was a high-level swordplay technique and having small attainment was enough to battle opponents below Martial Qi Level Two. However…

Fu Lingtian was a solid Second Heaven of Martial Qi Level Two.

Even if he concealed his abilities on purpose, he still had the background. With Zhu Changge’s degree of understanding of the Moonlight Steps Swordplay Technique, he would simply be unable to deal with Fu Lingtian.

Previously, Ye Qingtang noticed that while Fu Lingtian controlled his abilities within stage two of the Third Heaven of Martial Qi Level One, he still revealed a combat power that exceeded his level for a second.

It was just that he concealed it very cleverly and knew his limits, thus giving others the impression that he won by a hair.

In reality…

Victory was in the bag for this fellow!

Everyone was unaware of Fu Lingtian’s true skills and still thought that Feng Yiran, Zhu Changge, and Fu Lingtian were matched evenly in skills.

On the ring, Fu Lingtian wore a cautious expression as though he was treating the match seriously, but only Ye Qingtang knew that Fu Lingtian was merely just acting. Given his true level of abilities, how was Zhu Changge even his opponent?

Elder Lin and other Xuanling Sect elders were expectant. If Zhu Changge could take Fu Lingtian down, the repression that Xuanling Sect had suffered for so many years would finally end.

Rapidly, Zhu Changge made a move. The sword in his hand seemed to turn into a sky of stars as he struck, and with a few flashes of the sword, it stabbed towards Fu Lingtian fiercely.

“Moonlight Steps Swordplay Technique.” When the Qinglin Sect elders below the ring noticed the Moonlight Steps Swordplay Technique that Zhu Changge used, their eyes flickered.

Moonlight Steps Swordplay Technique was a high-level swordplay technique of Xuanling Sect, and many disciples who participated in the competition would display this technique. However, this set of swordplay technique was too profound. Hence, no disciples could understand its true essence and only had a spattering of the technique.

However, this was already enough to face normal opponents.

Once Zhu Changge employed the Moonlight Steps Swordplay Technique, the Qinglin Sect elders sharply sensed that Zhu Changge’s understanding of the technique clearly surpassed the other Xuanling Sect disciples who competed!

Walking in the moonlight and turning the sword into stars—this was the essence of the Moonlight Steps Swordplay Technique.

Zhu Changge could already turn his sword into a shadow now, and evidently, he had some grasp on the profound swordplay technique.

On the ring, Zhu Changge’s attacks were sharp, and every time his sword struck, it would be a flash of shadows. Fu Lingtian blocked the attacks with his sword and had to find the real sword amongst its many shadows, which was a dizzying sight. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

At the beginning of the sparring, Fu Lingtian faintly displayed a disadvantaged position.

Then, a look of satisfaction was seen on Elder Lin’s face. He had personally taught Zhu Changge the Moonlight Step Swordplay Technique. Even though Zhu Changge had not completely comprehended the profoundness of the Moonlight Step Swordplay Technique, he already had initial success, and there was a chance of winning when Zhu Changge used this against Fu Lingtian.

After he saw the Moonlight Step Swordplay Technique that Zhu Changge displayed, his racing heart finally calmed down a little as he hoped that Zhu Changge could seize Xuanling Sect’s victory in the Three Sect Competition this time.

The elders were judging Zhu Changge’s level of comprehension while the disciples were looking at the offensive.

Seeing how Zhu Changge could actually gain a slight upper hand, the Xuanling Sect disciples’ eyes brightened immediately.

“Senior Brother Zhu’s Moonlight Step Swordplay Technique is so skillful that Fu Lingtian actually has no room to strike back?”

“It’s both the Moonlight Step Swordplay Technique, but why do I not have even one-tenth of Senior Brother Zhu’s skills? He seriously has my respect.”