Chapter 449: Spirit Life Flower (1)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Because of the revelation of the Heart of the Demon God in her previous life, Ye Qingtang could only leave Xuanling Sect. Yet, Elder Lin, who heard the news a long time ago, ambushed her. If Yun Shu had not saved her, she would probably have died then.

After escaping from Elder Lin’s hands, she concealed her true identity and stepped into Falling Sky Valley after many twists and turns.

In her previous life, she originally thought that she could settle down in Falling Sky Valley, yet…

In the eruption of the war between Nine Nights Dynasty and Formidable Heavens Dynasty, the internal corruption of the Nine Nights Dynasty resulted in the Formidable Heavens Dynasty’s great victory, where Yunxiao Sect and other influential sects charged into the Nine Nights Dynasty.

In order to protect Ye Qingtang, Perfected Xuanchen was involved in a bloody battle with Yunxiao Sect and killed the Sect Master of Yunxiao Sect as well as several elders with his own force. However, because his energy was depleted, Ye You’s sneak attack using the poison of a venomous insect was successful, and he was poisoned to death…

Ye Qingtang would never forget the scene where her fellow disciples fought with their lives…

That day became a hell with corpses laying all over!

A cold glint shot across Ye Qingtang’s eyes, and the aura of her realm exuded around her. “I will… never let the tragedy repeat again! Be it Xuanling Sect… or Falling Sky Valley!”

With a?whiz?, Ye Qingtang stood up.

After her rebirth, she was finally overflowing with desire for power. Only with power could she be able to change it!

Only by becoming stronger could she turn things around and fight with the heavens!

In her previous life, the heavens let her spirit root be stolen, let Nine Nights Dynasty be tragically defeated, and let Falling Sky Valley be annihilated because of the combined forces of influential sects!

Now that Ye Qingtang was reborn, how could she watch history’s tragedy replay itself before her eyes!

If that was the case, what was the use of her rebirth?

What was the point of her living in the world?!

“I, Ye Qingtang, vow that from now on…” Ye Qingtang clenched her fists, and a cold glint shone in her eyes.

“If anyone blocks me, I will kill them! If gods hinder me, I will massacre them! If the heavens are heartless, I will go against the heavens!”

Everything in her heart was precious, and she would protect them from then on. Those who wanted to steal anything precious to her must become corpses under her feet!

Ye Qingtang stood up instantly. Primordial qi was exuded, and a pair of snow-white wings appeared behind her back.

While the spirit energy in Drifting Cloud Island was rich, she was already at Martial Qi Level Two, and the spirit energy on the island was very limited to the increment in her skills.

If she wanted to increase her skills as quickly as possible, she could only take the other path!

Whiz!

A piercing sound rang. Ye Qingtang flapped the huge wings behind her and flew towards the sky and into the clouds. In just the blink of an eye, there was no trace of her.

A mountain valley at the north of Formidable Heavens Dynasty.

Ye Qingtang was currently in the air as her snow-white wings flapped.

There was an open mountain valley below her where rivers intersected, and a dense forest surrounded it, making it seem like another world.

Ye Qingtang scanned that mountain valley, and her eyes flickered slightly.

There was a numinous treasure called the Spirit Life Flower in this mountain valley.

In the world, the number of items which could improve one’s spirit root was very few.

However, not only could the Spirit Life Flower improve a cultivator’s primordial qi, but it also had the benefit of cleansing one’s spirit root.

As long as this Spirit Life Flower was used, even ordinary spirit roots could be improved. However, this Spirit Life Root was extremely rare. Thus, there was almost no method of improving one’s spirit root in the world.

In her previous life, Ye Qingtang once heard that Ye You somehow gained news that there was an immature Spirit Life Flower here and ordered one of her trusted subordinates to guard here. Once the Spirit Life Flower was ripe, it was to be pluck and brought back to Ye You to improve her spirit root.Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates