Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 460: Unexpected Surprise (3)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

The Ultimate Origin Skill was the same as the Paragon Skill but much more powerful.

According to the rumors, only those who were born extremely talented had the chance to acquire the Ultimate Origin Skill.

There were three powerful people who had acquired the Ultimate Origin Skill on this land.

The first person was the legend on this land. He was addressed by people as the Pagoda Sword Master. He reached the ultimate level of the Yin Yang True Lord at age twenty and was only half-step away from breaking through to the Arcane Supremacy level. However, the martial civilization on this land was too obsolete, and there was insufficient spirit energy. The Pagoda Sword Master left eventually to a land with a more advanced civilization, and no one knew where he was now.

The second person was the Lord of the Blood Moon Sect. He was the ultimate power of the Blood Moon Sect, more terrifying than the Blood Moon Sect Master. His position in the Blood Moon Sect was equal to the Grand Elder of the sect.

The third person would be the Ultimate Elder, the most powerful person on this land. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

The renowned sects combined their forces back then to terminate the entire Blood Moon Sect, and within half a year, the Blood Moon Sect was greatly damaged, and they had to retreat. Then, the Blood Moon Lord finished his seclusion and only used half a day to kill many sects. His power was insane, and no one could beat him.

However, the Ultimate Elder showed up soon and fought with the Blood Moon Lord. He eventually beat off the lord.

If the Ultimate Elder had not shown up, the Blood Moon Sect would have definitely won.

The three most powerful people on this land all possessed the Ultimate Origin Skill. The youngest Pagoda Sword Master was the first, followed by the Blood Moon Lord and the Ultimate Elder.

Ye Qingtang had also heard of the Pagoda Sword Master before. It was said that he had no competitors on this land. He once fought with the Ultimate Elder and Blood Moon Lord together, and he only used ten steps to fight off both of them. He then sighed and flew into the void. Eventually, he left this piece of land.

“Ultimate Origin Skill…” Ye Qingtang’s eyes were fixed onto her palm. Her Rise of the Phoenix had the same flame property as Feng Moli’s Paragon Skill. However, its nature was vastly different. Feng Moli’s Paragon Skill was just an ordinary one. It could not even be compared to the Ultimate Origin Skill.

“Is it due to the refreshment of the Spirit Life Flower? It leveled up my spirit root… Then, is there some kind of mutation that causes me to acquire the Ultimate Origin Skill?”

Ye Qingtang could not figure out the origin of the Ultimate Origin Skill. She only knew that the Ultimate Origin Skill was way beyond the Paragon Skill, but she did not know how it was formed.

Ye Qingtang always looked forward to obtaining the Paragon Skill in her previous life, but she could only dream about it as she did not have a spirit root.

She did not expect that she could acquire the Ultimate Origin Skill in this life that was much more powerful than the Paragon Skill!

“It’s a pity that my Ultimate Origin Skill is not powerful enough due to my cultivation level…” Ye Qingtang contemplated for a while and murmured to herself.

The Ultimate Origin Skill that she could display using her Third Heaven of Martial Qi Level Two’s cultivation might be able to reach a draw with people at Yi Tianchou’s level. It was even possible to kill them with the Ultimate Origin Skill!

Yi Tianchou was killed by her as he was severely injured. He looked down on her and was not on guard against her, giving her the chance to kill him.

Otherwise, she could never fight against him.

After a short while, Ye Qingtang used the Feather Formation Technique. Her primordial qi concentrated at her back, and the pure white feathers also turned into a gold color as the result of the Ultimate Origin Skill.

Ye Qingtang flew into the air immediately, heading towards the Xuanling Sect.

She had been at this mountain valley for quite a while. Elder Qin and the rest might have left the Drifting Cloud Island. Thus, Ye Qingtang did not plan to return to there.

Ye Qingtang flew at a very high speed, and she had flew around five thousand meters away within a second.

Suddenly, Ye Qingtang frowned and stopped in mid-air.

Earthshaking sounds came from a few hundred meters away. There were two streaks of Martial Qi aura spreading out. Even Ye Qingtang could sense the aura.

Ye Qingtang did not want to be involved. However, when she was about to leave, a huge Demon Subduing Pagoda emerged in front of her eyes!