Chapter 567 Mystic Realm (1)

The super sects forces of both dynasties treated ordinary sects as their cannon fodder and wanted to make the ordinary sects explore for them. On the other hand, Ye Qingtang was calculating to let the super sects help her and have the Blood Moon Elder find a path…

“After they entered the mystic realm and overcome the dangers, we will follow in at the end and reap the profits without doing anything. Isn’t that better?” Ye Qingtang smiled.

“Holy Lady’s words are more enlightening than studying for a thousand years. It is the honor of three lives to be able to follow beside you, Holy Lady!” Flattery filled the Blood Moon Elder’s face.

Ye Qingtang looked at his sucking up skills from a whole new light. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

It was not about how his face changed so quickly but instead about how… Ye Qingtang’s identity which directly weighed on him.

A Holy Lady personally handpicked by the Holy Lord versus an Elder…

No matter how bold he was, he no longer dared to be disrespectful to Ye Qingtang. wuxiaworld.site Otherwise, should Ye Qingtang complain to the Holy Lord, he probably would not even know how he died.

“Just based on this sentence from you, I’ve decided to bestow you a big present after entering the mystic realm.” As Ye Qingtang looked at the Blood Moon Elder who was increasingly full of flattery, cunningness filled her eyes.

The Blood Moon Elder did not realize the cunning look in Ye Qingtang’s eyes and was instead full of bliss. He was extremely expectant as he wondered what the so-called big present that the Holy Lady said would be.

It had been three entire days in this deep forest, and the forces from both Formidable Heavens Dynasty and Nine Nights Dynasty lived together in harmony.

The battles between small sects were forbidden as well.

The danger of the mystic realm was unpredictable, and the super sects still relied on those ordinary sects to be their cannon fodder and find out how dangerous it is for them.

The super sects of both dynasties did not wish to see the small sects suffer heavy casualties because of their conflicts before even entering the mystic realm.

Meanwhile, for three whole days, Ye Qingtang and the Blood Moon Elder hid in a dark corner of the forest and concealed their breaths, deliberately restraining their aura.

After all, the Blood Moon Elder was an Elder of the Blood Moon Sect, and Ye Qingtang was once a noble Paragon in her previous life.w u xia worl d . site Thus, concealing their breaths was very easy to do.

Over the three days, Ye Qingtang secretly inspected the situation. Yunxiao Sect had deployed a large number of core disciples. Apart from Ye You, there were a number of people whose martial aura was not any weaker than Ye You’s.

As for Falling Sky Valley, there were many disciples including Ji Yixuan and Mo Changkong.

From all these forces, Ye Qingtang saw many familiar faces from her past life.

Apart from close friends and fellow disciples from her past lifetime, there were also quite a handful of archenemies such as Ouyang Qian.

On the dawn of the fourth day, a dazzling purple ray slowly emerged and condensed into an illusory screen.

As that illusory screen appeared, everyone from both Formidable Heavens Dynasty and Nine Nights Dynasty was instantly energized.

“The mystic realm has started. Everyone enter it quickly!” A powerful figure from Yuehua Sect shouted.

That reminder caused the expression in everyone’s eyes to change immediately!

Swoosh!

Almost at the same time, everyone rapidly turned into shadows and strived to be the first to enter that illusory screen!

This illusory screen was actually a door of transmission that was connected to the mystic realm. After entering the screen, one would have entered the mystic realm.

All the forces from the two dynasties finally entered the mystic realm only after an hour later.

At that instant, the Blood Moon Elder poked his head out and scanned ahead.

There were still two disciples from Yunxiao Sect, Wind Moon Sect, and Qinglin Sect guarding outside the screen.

To prevent those itinerant and family clan cultivators to take advantage of the opportunity to enter once everyone had entered, the sects thus left some disciples behind to guard the place.