Chapter 616: Fiendcelestial Beast (4)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“Despicable, lowly humans. You all have been chasing me for so long but now you all wish to leave without giving me an explanation?” The white tiger bellowed loudly while staring at Ye Qingtang.

…

In a mountain valley that stretched as far as the eye could see, a snow-white demonic tiger chased after dozens of powerful figures wildly.

Before long, the demonic beast leaped and blocked the way of a male and a female. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Ye Qingtang and the Blood Moon Elder exchanged a look.

Ye Qingtang’s brows were furrowed deeply as she scanned the white tiger before her while maintaining her composure.

Although she had some breakthroughs, there was still a huge gap between her skills and the Fiendcelestial Beast’s. That king-level giant crocodile could not even retaliate when it encountered the Fiendcelestial Beast, and Ye Qingtang and the Blood Moon Elder were probably much weaker.

At that instant, the Blood Moon Elder had an anxious expression. The Fiendcelestial Beast did not chase after so many other super sects figures and just had to stop him and Holy Lady…

“Despicable, lowly human. Don’t you all want to kill me? How dare you think of escaping here now!” The white tiger had a look of arrogance as its huge eyes swept a glance across Ye Qingtang and the Blood Moon Elder.

“Why? You all have the audacity to chase after my life but don’t dare to admit it?!” Seeing that Ye Qingtang and the Blood Moon Elder were silent, it shouted angrily.

“When did we ever…”

The Blood Moon Elder wanted to explain but was cut short by Ye Qingtang.

The Blood Moon Elder looked at Ye Qingtang in puzzlement. Both of them had never thought of killing the Fiendcelestial Beast, so why did Holy Lady not let him explain to the Fiendcelestial Beast clearly…

Ye Qingtang laughed coldly as she looked at the white tiger before her. “Fiendcelestial Beast, you’re right. We did come for you.”

After Ye Qingtang finished her sentence, the white tiger roared, seeming to be even more irascible than before.

Ye Qingtang remained unmoved and flashed a smile. “However, although we came for you, it’s not to kill you. As a Fiendcelestial Beast, you possess both the supreme bloodline of a Fiend Beast and a Celestial Beast. If a beast does not die young or prematurely and grows to an adult, it would be a legendary Emperor level-powerful figure and could battle an Emperor-level figure as well… We happen to admire you. Thus, we came this time to tame you.”

“Tame me? Just based on you?” The Fiendcelestial Beast scoffed.

“Since ancient times, demonic beasts only believed in skills. In the ancient era, Ning Tian Grand Emperor and a Fiendcelestial Beast slew their way, hand in hand, into the Nine Heavens. Even tracing back to thousands of years ago, Kuang Long Grand Emperor joined hands with a Fiendcelestial Beast to force the intruders from the outer world away, which became a widely-circulated story amongst the people. Since that’s the case, why can’t I stand at the peak of this world and overlook the masses together with you?” Ye Qingtang talked slowly as though the Fiendcelestial Beast was an old friend. There was not a slight trace of fear in Ye Qingtang as she faced the Fiendcelestial Beast.

“Mhm…” The white tiger pondered for a moment and nodded. “What you said is right indeed. I’ve once heard my father mentioning stories about the human clan and us, Fiendcelestial Beasts… However, the partners of us, Fiendcelestial Beasts, are supremely powerful figures. This mainland has such thin spirit energy and is also formed from a Spiritual Abode… What kind of powerful figures can appear here?”

“This mainland is formed from a Spiritual Abode?” The casual sentence of the Fiendcelestial Beast invoked a trace of astonishment in Ye Qingtang’s eyes.

However, the current Ye Qingtang did not ask any further and only chuckled lightly. “Did those supremely powerful figures stand at the tip of the world right after they were born? For example, a noble Fiendcelestial Beast like you also require a long time to grow into an adult. Only then would you possess extremely powerful skills. May I know if I’ve said anything wrong?”

“What you said is right. I agree fully.” The White Tiger replied.