Chapter 617: Fiendcelestial Beast (5)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

As the Blood Moon Elder listened to the conversation between Ye Qingtang and the Fiendcelestial Beast, a strange expression formed on his face.?It’s said that the spiritual wisdom of Fiendcelestial Beasts is extremely high, but could it be that the Fiendcelestial Beast before him hit its head when it was born… Holy Lady came up with such random nonsense casually, but it actually believed her…

“Great!” The Fiendcelestial Beast shouted. “I admire your honesty deeply. You’re different from those useless humans who do not dare to admit their actions… How about this then? You and I will battle. If you are stronger than me, I’ll spare your life.”

The Blood Moon Elder from aside: …

If Holy Lady was stronger than it, did she still need it to spare her life?

Shouldn’t it be Holy Lady sparing its life?

Ye Qingtang pondered for a moment and suddenly laughed. “There’s naturally no problem for us to battle, but look. When you stopped us, those humans whose moral conduct was even worse have already fled away. What is most important now is to chase after the lives of those people. It’s better for us to put in our best once there are no other people around to disturb. Otherwise, if there’s an internecine outcome, wouldn’t those people reap the benefits without doing anything?”

Then, Ye Qingtang pointed at those powerful figures who scurried away in all directions.

After hearing Ye Qingtang’s words, the white tiger was stunned and looked at its surroundings instinctively.

Indeed, as the human male before it said, the remaining people had already fled in all directions.

“Right, right, right! You’re too right!” The white tiger nodded repeatedly. “Alright, both of you shall stay here. Do not leave. When I’ve killed all of those people, I’ll come back to find you all.”

“Don’t worry, we will wait for you here, and will not leave. I’m true to my words and firm in my actions,” Ye Qingtang said with a smile. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

After Ye Qingtang said that, the white tiger looked ahead and roared angrily. “All you humans with terrible moral conduct, stop right there!”

Then, the white tiger leaped away and chased after those dozens of super sects figures.

The Blood Moon Elder stood rooted to the ground, utterly stupefied.?It was… bluffed away… just by a few sentences?

How did this… Fiendcelestial Beast live until now…

“You and that Fiendcelestial Beast are truly similar.” Ye Qingtang chuckled.

After the Fiendcelestial Beast left, Ye Qingtang looked at the Blood Moon Elder and told him that.

The Blood Moon Elder was shaken. “Are you saying that I’m on par with this Fiendcelestial Beast’s majesty and have almost unrivaled skills?

“…” Ye Qingtang stared at him blankly.

“I don’t know what I mean, but how this Fiendcelestial Beast was able to live up to this day is the same as how you became an Elder of the Blood Moon Sect a thousand years ago.” Helpless, Ye Qingtang could only explain to the Blood Moon Elder.

“Holy Lady, I could become a Blood Moon Elder a thousand years ago because…”

However, the Blood Moon Elder did not finish his sentence and was interrupted by Ye Qingtang. “This place is not safe to stay for long. Given that Fiendcelestial Beast’s skills, it will return for us in no time. Let’s leave quickly.”

Then, without giving any chance for the Blood Moon Elder to explain himself, Ye Qingtang turned around and left.

Although that Fiendcelestial Beast’s brain might have some problems, it was, after all, a Fiendcelestial Beast, and its combat ability was not a joke. If they were really found by that Fiendcelestial Beast and asked for a spar, Ye Qingtang was not so conceited to think that she could defeat the Fiendcelestial Beast.

Ye Qingtang and the Blood Moon Elder walked for several hours in this mountain valley but still could not leave this place.

Ye Qingtang stopped for a rest under a rock and took the opportunity to consolidate her cultivation.