Chapter 622: Master Or Servant

The Blood Moon Elder glared at the little white tiger in Ye Qingtang’s arms and scoffed coldly, not bothering with it anymore.

“How about this? I’ll make a deal with you,” the little white tiger said and looked at Ye Qingtang.

“Deal?” Ye Qingtang was stupefied and smiled right after. “What deal can you and I have? How about you tell me about it?”

“You’ll let me go, and I’ll become even stronger in this Hell of Avicinaraka. If there’s a day when you return to the outer world and have difficulties, you can tell me. I’ll definitely lend you a hand,” the little white tiger said.

After hearing the little white tiger’s words, Ye Qingtang curled her lips. This Fiendcelestial Beast really treated her as a fool. If she really went with what the little white tiger said, once it became even stronger in the Hell of Avicinaraka and returned to the outside world, it would not be for repaying kindness but for seeking revenge…

Ye Qingtang smiled faintly. She was not foolish, so why would she agree to such a request from the little white tiger?

“How is it? Aren’t you very moved by my suggestion?” The little white tiger added anxiously.

However, Ye Qingtang shook her head. “You only have two routes currently. The first is to submit to me, and the second is to be consumed by us. You’ll make your own decision as to which route you want to take.”

After hearing that, the little white tiger said in a childish tone, “I… wish to take the third route.” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“There isn’t any.” Ye Qingtang grinned.

“Little fellow, just submit already. Crickets and ants would save their lives, much less a Fiendcelestial Beast like you.” The Blood Moon Elder echoed.

The little white tiger was silent. These two people did not seem to be easy to deal with. If it did not agree today, it would probably lose its life here…

“F*ck you… You humans are too shameless…” The little white tiger cursed loudly. It was just his luck today.

“If you still don’t make your choice, I can only help you to choose.” Ye Qingtang laughed coldly.

“F*ck you… I’ll agree with you, is that fine? However, you must ensure my life and safety…” Seeing that Ye Qingtang was about to attack, the little white tiger yielded immediately. No matter what, its life was the most important thing.

“If you are my spirit pet, I’ll naturally protect you in the future.” Ye Qingtang immediately smiled when she saw that she got her way.

“Good!” The little white tiger nodded as if he had just made a huge decision. “Like this then. You and I will sign a master and servant contract. In the future, I am the master, and you are the servant. If anyone dares to bully you, I will rip them apart. How’s that? Loyal, ain’t it!”

“…”

The Blood Moon Elder said, “F*ck you…”

Could it be that this Fiendcelestial Beast still did not understand the situation now? It actually wanted Holy Lady to be its servant!

Ye Qingtang smiled as she shook her head. “We will indeed sign a master and servant contract, but from now on, I will be the master and you, the servant. Once the contract is forged, there shall be no regrets for life.”

After hearing that, the Blood Moon Elder was a little shocked. Holy Lady’s heart seemed to be too huge. From ancient times to now, it had not been heard that there was anyone who could sign a master and servant contract with a Fiendcelestial Beast. Given the Fiendcelestial Beast’s character, even if it was the one before them, there was no way they would agree…

As expected from the Blood Moon Elder, after hearing about the master and servant contract, the little white tiger’s hair stood up all over its body as it shouted angrily. “F*ck you. How dare you wish to fix a master and servant contract with me! You’re simply just daydreaming. I’ll be the master, and you’ll be the servant. That’s more like it!”