Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 623: A Secret Hidden From The World (1)

“Oh…” Ye Qingtang’s lips tugged up. “Are you really unwilling to do so? Even if you die?”

“Pfft. Even if I die, I will never sign a master and servant contract with you. Just kill that thought already!” The little white tiger looked as if he faced death with equanimity.

Ye Qingtang pondered.

She seemed to have stepped on the Fiendcelestial Beast’s bottom line. Looking at the little white tiger, it would probably not agree to sign the master and servant agreement even if he were to die…

Ye Qingtang changed the track of discourse and said, “It’s fine if we don’t fix a master and servant contract. However, we should sign an equality contract at least so that we cannot betray each other.”

After the little white tiger heard that Ye Qingtang changed her stance, the little white tiger’s expression turned slightly better. The master and servant contract was impossible, but if it was an equality contract, it seemed to still be worth considering.

After thinking for a long time, it eventually nodded and agreed.

In no time, Ye Qingtang bit the tip of her finger to obtain a drop of fresh blood and obtained a drop of blood from the little white tiger to use for the contract ceremony.

In less than fifteen minutes, Ye Qingtang and the little white tiger signed the equality contract.

The so-called equality contract did not have any distinction between master and servant. Ye Qingtang and the Fiendcelestial Beast were equal and could not betray each other; otherwise, they would be engulfed by a mysterious force.

Once the contract was fixed, Ye Qingtang hugged the little white tiger in her arms once again and caressed it continuously.

The little white tiger had a look of despise on its face and immediately regretted fixing this equality contract.

“Holy Lady, I’ll be on the lookout nearby.” After seeing that Ye Qingtang settled the trouble with the Fiendcelestial Beast, the Blood Moon Elder left with big strides.

If others found out that the Fiendcelestial Beast’s body returned to its infant form, it would definitely arouse the contention of the powerful figures from the super sects. Once that happened, he and the Holy Lady would fall into an extremely passive situation.

Once the Blood Moon Elder was far away, Ye Qingtang stared at the little white tiger in her arms. “Earlier on, you said that this mainland was transformed by a Spiritual Abode… What exactly does it mean?” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Ye Qingtang still remembered that the little white tiger had said that earlier on. Currently, she and the little white tiger had fixed an equality contract. Thus, she naturally had to get to the bottom of it.

“Why? You don’t know?” The little white tiger shot a look at Ye Qingtang.

“I’m really not sure.” Ye Qingtang shook her head and spoke honestly.

In her previous life, after she discovered the Heart of the Demon God, she was chased after for her life by everyone and left this mainland not long later. Thus, she was not very clear of the situation of this mainland.

“F*ck. That is a shocking secret… It is understandable why you don’t know.” The little white tiger had a mysterious look.

“Oh?” After she saw the little white tiger’s behavior, Ye Qingtang’s interest was piqued suddenly. Could it be that this mainland had a secret hidden from the world?

After a long time, the little white tiger looked around and only looked back at Ye Qingtang after seeing that there was no one. “Do you know about the Fourth Domain that disappeared mysteriously?”

“I do know something about it,” Ye Qingtang said and nodded.

Initially, there were only three domains in this world. However, from some time ago, the so-called Fourth Domain appeared out of nowhere in what seemed like one night.

Ancient Buddhas and Perfected Immortal existed in the Fourth Domain, and it was known as the most powerful domain.

However, for some reason, the Fourth Domain disappeared completely as though those ancient Buddhas and Perfected Immortals had never appeared in this world before.

While Ye Qingtang knew about the Fourth Domain, she was unclear how the Fourth Domain was related to the mainland.

The legendary Fourth Domain was a million miles away from this mainland. According to reason, the formation of this mainland should have absolutely nothing to do with the Fourth Mainland.