Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 630: Welcome

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

Before the little white tiger could speak again, a deep voice suddenly reverberated around the entire place.

Ye Qingtang and the Blood Moon Elder scanned their surroundings instinctively but could not see the source of the voice.

“Look in the sky.” The little white tiger pointed to the air.

After hearing it, Ye Qingtang and the Blood Moon Elder immediately looked up.

A huge shadow appeared in the sky.

Ye Qingtang was not unfamiliar with this shadow. It was the black-robed person who appeared in the mysterious palace not long ago.

Almost at the same time, thousands of people in the Hell of Avicinaraka mystic realm gazed at the black-robed person in the sky.

“Everyone, welcome to the… Hell of Avicinaraka mystic realm…” The black-robed person’s deep voice echoed quickly.

“All of you must be wondering who I am, why would I appear here, and what my objective is.” The black-robed figure chuckled lightly. “Actually, all of this is not important. I appeared only to divulge some information to you all.”

As the black-robed person finished his sentence, another image appeared in the air.

In the image, there was a male and a female walking together, and in the lady’s arm was a valiant and spirited little white tiger.

“This person is Ye Qingtang, a Xuanling Sect disciple. In her arms is the only Fiendcelestial Beast in the Hell of Avicinaraka mystic realm… At this instant, they are heading to another land of inheritance.”

The black-robed person laughed lightly.

After seeing the illusionary image, everyone was shocked. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Ye Qingtang, who was disguised as a male…

The Yunxiao Sect masses, especially, clenched their teeth tightly after seeing Ye Qingtang and wished they could chop her into pieces.

Apart from Yunxiao Sect, powerful figures from the other super sects were interested in the Fiendcelestial Beast in Ye Qingtang’s arms.

“Who exactly are you? What is your objective of appearing here and telling us about this?!”

At that instant, a Falling Sky Valley warden shouted angrily at the image of the black-robed person in the sky.

“Haha…” The black-robed person laughed in a low tone. “Who I am is not important… What is important is the beast. Don’t you all want that Fiendcelestial Beast… and to obtain the inheritance in the Hell of Avicinaraka mystic realm?”

Their initial objective of entering the mystic realm was to claim the Fiendcelestial Beast. Currently, the locations of the Fiendcelestial Beast and even two lands of inheritance were already known. As such, no one would be unmoved.

“Hmph. I cannot care for that Fiendcelestial Beast. but I want the inheritance in that land of inheritance!” A figure from a super sect scoffed coldly immediately and chased after Ye Qingtang.

“Haha… We only want the Fiendcelestial Beast. Whatever inheritance that is, we cannot care for it.”

As they spoke, more powerful figures sprinted towards the Evil Spirits Realm.

…

“Ha… I really did not expect Ye Qingtang to be so capable. Even that Fiendcelestial Beast signed an equality contract with her.”

In a certain corner of the Hell of Avicinaraka mystic realm, a good-looking young man looked ahead with his hands behind him. The corners of his lips tugged up slightly.

Behind that man was the black-robed person.

“Ning Luo, we have already agreed back then to spare Ye Qingtang’s life. However, currently, after spreading the information…”

The black-robed person spoke after a long time, seeming to be unable to bear the thought.

“That Fiendcelestial Beast… knows too much…” Ning Luo’s eyes flickered. “If it tells Ye Qingtang about the Dimension Wall… Once an unforeseen event happens, our plan would fail.”

“The Fiendcelestial Beast does know about the Dimension Wall, but it is not clear about that Dharma treasure. There should not be a problem,” the black-robed person said.