Chapter 631: Dimension Wall

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“Ha…” Ning Luo’s lips curled up as he chuckled softly. “That Dharma treasure is being raised in the land of inheritance that Ye Qingtang is heading to. When we divulged the information, the cultivators who entered the Hell of Avicinaraka mystic realm would definitely scramble for it… Their sinned blood can be used to… replenish its nutrients!”

The black-robed person looked at Ning Luo and did not say anything else.

Outside the Evil Spirits Realm.

A streak of purple miasma appeared at the front.

“This is the Evil Spirits Realm?” Ye Qingtang asked.

“That’s right. After passing through this barrier, it will be the Evil Spirits Realm. However, there are unknown dangers in it.” The little white tiger nodded.

Previously, when the little white tiger’s demonic powers had not been sucked by Ye Qingtang’s Heart of the Demon God, it also did not dare to barge in casually. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Ye Qingtang was a little restless and uneasy then. The black-robed person suddenly appeared earlier on and notified the other powerful figures in the Hell of Avicinaraka mystic realm about her location and identity.

Not mentioning the Yunxiao Sect disciples who would not let her off, just the news of her having the Fiendcelestial Beast was enough to attract the attention of thousands of people.

“Who exactly is that black-robed person… Why does he know my every movement and even my identity…” Ye Qingtang’s brows were deeply furrowed as she stood outside the Evil Spirits Realm.

It was as though there was an invisible pair of eyes in the sky that observed everything…

“Strange…”

The little white tiger mumbled, “According to what you said, that black-robed person told you about the Space-Transfer Talisman previously, which meant that he wanted to save your life… Now, he told everyone about you, which makes it seem like he does not want you to live… F*ck, I really don’t understand. You humans are too complicated already.”

Ye Qingtang was in thought.

The appearance of the black-robed person at the mysterious palace was equivalent to saving her. But currently, divulging her news was the same as wanting to kill her. This did not make sense…

“Could it be that…”

Ye Qingtang’s eyes flickered.

After leaving the mysterious palace, she did a total of two things.

The first was to subdue the Fiendcelestial Beast, and the second was to head to the best land of inheritance in the Hell of Avicinaraka mystic realm.

Could it be the black-robed person was determined to kill her because of either of these two things?

Ye Qingtang thought of two scenarios: it was either that the little white tiger and that black-robed person had some past, causing the black-robed person to be angered after she subdued the little white tiger; alternatively, there was something stored in the land of inheritance that she was heading to, causing the black-robed person to deliberately leak information of her so that others in the Hell of Avicinaraka mystic realm could head there.

Apart from these, Ye Qingtang could not think of any other reasons.

Ye Qingtang looked at the little white tiger immediately with a serious expression. “Do you have any past with that black-robed person?”

“F*ck you. What has he got to do with me? He wrapped himself in a black robe. I don’t even know what he looks like.” The little white tiger puffed.

“Is there any possibility that you know something or that there is something in the land of inheritance that you’re leading me to…” Ye Qingtang asked again.

“I already told you long ago that I’ve never entered the land of inheritance before… I know something? I’ve already told you everything I know…” The little white tiger seemed to have thought of something at that point and spoke with a serious look. “F*ck you. The only thing left that I did not say is the Dimension Wall.”

“Dimension Wall?” Ye Qingtang was appalled.

“That’s right,” the little white tiger said and nodded. “Actually, this mainland is protected by a Dimension Wall. It’s nothing actually. It’s just that after that extraordinary lady died, she used the last trace of divine power in her body to form this Dimension Wall to protect this mainland.”