Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 634: Parting

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

The little white tiger hid in Ye Qingtang’s arms and only revealed a pair of eyes which scanned the surroundings.

“They must have felt that the demonic powers in my body disappeared and that I returned to my infant form. That must be why they want to eat me!” the little white tiger said.

Ye Qingtang and the Blood Moon Elder exchanged a look.

Is this little white tiger’s… brain bad? What has this got to do with it?

The evil spirits in their surroundings struck fear in hearts. The ghost hands from the ground swayed. There was fog ahead of them, and it was as though something even scarier than this was hidden in it.

“Let’s leave!”

Ye Qingtang grabbed Shen Qingyu and left the place.

Miserable shrills and cries for help rang in the Evil Spirits Realm every now and then.

After hearing that, Shen Qingyu had an anxious and worried expression.

“Those… are my senior brothers and sisters…” His eyes started to fog up.

Over the past few days, if not for the protection of his senior brothers and sisters, perhaps he would have already died here.

Ye Qingtang was sympathetic but powerless to help.

The visibility in the Evil Spirits Realm was merely several meters, and there were all sorts of unknown dangers inside. Ye Qingtang did not have any special relationship with the Wind Moon Sect and naturally would not risk her life to go and rescue them. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Sister Qingtang, just now the illusion of that black-robed person revealed your identity and location…” Shen Qingyu looked at Ye Qingtang and reminded.

“It’s fine.” Ye Qingtang smiled gently at Shen Qingyu.

“This young boy knows our location. Let me eat him!” Suddenly, the little white tiger peeked its head out from Ye Qingtang’s arms and locked its eyes on Shen Qingyu.

“Eat it?” The Blood Moon Elder was taken aback. “Why would you eat it? That’s too wasteful. Holy Lady… instead of letting it eat him, why don’t you give this young boy’s body to me…”

While the Blood Moon Elder’s current body was pretty good, he was rather uncomfortable every time he thought that he had become a lady.

This young boy’s current skills did not make the cut, but he had a deep potential. Most importantly, he was male at least…

Shen Qingyu looked at the little white tiger and the Blood Moon Elder in panic. His body trembled, and he could not help but squeeze Ye Qingtang tightly.

Ye Qingtang shot a look at the little white tiger and the Blood Moon Elder immediately. There was probably something wrong with the brains of both the man and the tiger.

The Blood Moon Elder originally wanted to say something more but was stopped by Ye Qingtang’s glare.

“Young boy from the human clan, let me ask you. Did you guard here to block me intentionally? You must want to eat my flesh. F*ck you!” The little white tiger glared at Shen Qingyu.

After hearing that, Shen Qingyu waved his hands immediately. “No, no… You’re mistaken…”

“Ignore them.” Ye Qingtang told Shen Qingyu.

After saying that, Ye Qingtang looked behind.

Several strong martial auras were already extremely close to them. In no time, they would arrive at this Evil Spirits Realm.

“Qingyu, is that you?!”

Suddenly, several young men and women appeared behind and looked at the young boy beside Ye Qingtang with a frown.

“Senior Brother Li, Senior Sister Yu Er!”

Shen Qingyu shouted immediately when he saw those few sect disciples.

“Go meet your senior brothers and sisters. Not long later, powerful figures will come here. By then, you all will be safe.” Ye Qingtang smiled at Shen Qingyu.

“But… what about you, sister Qingtang?” Shen Qingyu tugged on Ye Qingtang’s sleeves, seeming to be a little unwilling to part.