Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 635: Crisis

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“I still have matters to settle. You must live on. When you leave the Hell of Avicinaraka mystic realm, you’ll still meet me again in the future.” Ye Qingtang patted Shen Qingyu’s head.

“Sister Qingtang, you must be extremely careful… The black-robed person divulged your information, and you have the Fiendcelestial Beast with you. Many powerful figures from the super sects will definitely not let you off easily!” Shen Qingyu said.

At that instant, Ye Qingtang naturally knew about the situation without Shen Qingyu’s reminder.

“Go ahead.” Ye Qingtang smiled and pushed Shen Qingyu forward gently.

When Shen Qingyu looked back, he realized that Ye Qingtang had already disappeared.

“Junior Brother Qingyu, was that lady previously Ye Qingtang?” A Wind Moon Sect disciple looked at Shen Qingyu and asked.

“Mhm…” Shen Qingyu nodded.

“It actually is her!”

The few Wind Moon Sect disciples had a shocked expression.

“Sister Qingtang saved me just now. If not for sister Qingtang, I would already be dead…” Shen Qingyu said in fear.

“Remember, we must keep our lips tight. We must not say that we saw Ye Qingtang before.” The Wind Moon Sect disciple in the lead spoke.

They originally had no grudges against Ye Qingtang and did not wish to obtain the Fiendcelestial Beast from her either.

Instead, ordinary sect disciples like them respected Ye Qingtang deeply. She dared to revolt against the super sects, once infuriated Yunxiao Sect, and was eventually listed in the Assassination Roll of which her rewards surpassed that of the number one on the Assassination Roll.

“Ye Qingtang is truly an extraordinary girl.”

A Wind Moon Sect disciple could not help but exclaim. “Xuanling Sect was almost annihilated, but she could appear outside completely unharmed and use her own method to seek revenge for Xuanling Sect… Currently, she has already entered the Second Heaven of Martial Qi Level Three…”

“Sister Qingtang is really very powerful!” Shen Qingyu nodded in agreement.

As they spoke, the first batch of powerful figures in the Hell of Avicinaraka mystic realm finally arrived at the Evil Spirits Realm. Dozens of powerful martial auras enshrouded the area.

At that instant, Ye Qingtang had already brought the Blood Moon Elder and the little white tiger and left far away.

According to the direction that little white tiger pointed in, Ye Qingtang almost avoided the most dangerous areas in the Evil Spirits Aura and walked straight to the land of inheritance.

“Fuck… I feel the aura of those human cultivators… They must be here to catch me!” The little white tiger was unknowingly nervous. Its eyes darted around as though it was a thief as it scanned the surroundings.

This time, Ye Qingtang and the Blood Moon Elder did not retort that statement since there were indeed many cultivators who harbored thoughts for the Fiendcelestial Beast. Their objective of rushing here was partly for the little white tiger.

“You must protect me well.” The little white tiger looked at Ye Qingtang. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Ye Qingtang was speechless and shot the little white tiger a look. Who was the Fiendcelestial Beast here?

After seeing Ye Qingtang’s expression, the little white tiger said proudly, “Isn’t this all because of you? If the heart inside your body hadn’t snatched away all my powers, would I still be scared of those useless humans?”

Ye Qingtang sighed. She could have signed a contract with a fake Fiendcelestial Beast. Currently, she had to protect it everywhere instead.

If this was told to the world, no one could probably believe it.

Before long, an exceedingly tall pagoda which seemed to have pierced into the sky stood ahead.

“What is that?” Curious, the Blood Moon Elder rushed forward to take a look.