Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 668: Leaving the Mystic Realm (2)

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios

“This Spatial Teleport Talisman was handed to me by the Sect Master. It’s still put to use eventually.” Ye You sneered coldly.

Before Ye You entered the mystic realm, the Sect Master personally handed her the Spatial Teleport Talisman. If she met any life-threatening dangers, she could use this Spatial Teleport Talisman to escape. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

As the black talisman was burnt, Ye You’s body gradually turned unreal until it became an illusion. In just a moment, she had already vanished without a trace.

I’ve never expected Yunxiao Sect’s heritage to be strong to this point,?Ye Qingtang thought in her heart as she watched Ye You disappear.

Even to super sects, a Spatial Teleport Talisman was extremely precious.

It was evident that Yunxiao Sect valued Ye You very highly. Otherwise, they would not have handed this treasure to Ye You for her to protect her life.

With the Spatial Teleport Talisman, even Ning Luo could only watch Ye You leave before him now.

As Ye You left after using the Spatial Teleport Talisman, Ning Luo looked at Ye Qingtang and subsequently took a cold glance of the surroundings.

There was already no one in the vicinity. When Ning Luo appeared and injured Ye You with a strike, the disciples from the super sects had already fled in advance, deeply afraid that they would encounter a calamity.

Swoosh!

In the next second, Ning Luo and the Ice Frost Divine Sword combined into one again.

The Ice Frost Divine Sword rushed into the sky and disappeared in no time.

When Ye Qingtang sensed that the aura of the Ice Frost Divine Sword had completely vanished, she finally ascertained that Ning Luo had really left the Hell of Avicinaraka mystic realm this time.

To prevent more troubles, Ye Qingtang brought the Blood Moon Elder and the little white tiger out of the place in the fastest time possible and hid in a rather remote corner.

With the death of the Xuanling Sect’s Grand Elder and the departure of Ning Luo, the Hell of Avicinaraka mystic realm finally quieted down.

Ye Qingtang was caught off-guard by the entire experience in the mystic realm.

The schemer of the mystic realm was actually Xuanling Sect’s Grand Elder while Ning Luo was that extraordinary lady’s sword.

As the Grand Elder had said, their scheme had to start in advance because of her; in her previous life, Xuanling Sect’s annihilation happened a few years later.

In her previous life, when Xuanling Sect was annihilated, Ye Qingtang was already forced to leave this mainland. Thus, she did not know about the Dimension Wall and the story behind the extraordinary lady and this mainland.

Ye Qingtang guessed that in her previous life, apart from Ye You who possessed the Spatial Teleport Talisman and left safely, everyone else in the mystic realm should have died in this mystic realm.

As for why Ouyang Qian could enter this mystic realm, perhaps it was because of an uncontrollable factor due to the advanced opening of the mystic realm.

The reason was very simple actually. If they followed the timeline of her previous life, the mystic realm would have started several years later when Ouyang Qian was occupied with the domestic trivia of the Ouyang family clan and had no spare time for anything else.

Because the mystic realm started in advance, many unexpected incidents that never happened in her previous life occurred.

A long while later, Ye Qingtang stopped her train of thought and did not think any further.

There was a rather huge gain in this trip into the mystic realm.

Apart from the Black Heaven Water, she also obtained an extremely precious Illusion Stone on top of hundreds of pounds of Millennium Meteoric Iron. Furthermore, her skills had advanced to a half-step Yin Yang Perfected Lord.

It could be said that in the thousands of people who entered the Hell of Avicinaraka mystic realm, none of their gains could be compared to Ye Qingtang’s. Most of them had lost their lives here and had not even seen a treasure this whole time.