Chapter 917 The Divine Phoenix’s Trial (2)

The passing of time gradually became a form of torture.

One would not have the opportunity to obtain the inheritance of the Divine Phoenix should he leave, but if he remained, no one knew when would the wait end.

The wait was so long it seemed forever…

Until a month later, several cultivators lamented and left. All of their patience had been eroded by this indefinite wait.

With the continuous departures, only two-thirds of the trialists remained in the land of inheritance.

Apart from the endless wait, procuring food was a significant issue as well. Although it was said that one’s need for food would reduce as the cultivation realm increased, they still needed to consume something.

While everyone had a space ring, which powerful figure would store large quantities of food in their space ring?

The little amount of food that they brought was quickly depleted.

Fortunately, there were wild fruits nearby that could replenish their energy. Otherwise, no one could persevere this long.

Two months later, the Divine Phoenix’s voice appeared once again.

To the masses within the screen, its voice could be claimed to be heavenly.

“Congratulations, you all have passed the first round of the trial,” said a scarlet virtual image that appeared in the sky.

After hearing the Divine Phoenix’s voice again, everyone was delighted but also dumbfounded when they heard what the Divine Phoenix said.

Congratulations, they have passed the first round of the trial?!

What did that mean?

Very quickly, the people understood the meaning behind the Divine Phoenix’s words.

Ever since they entered the land of inheritance, the trial of the Divine Phoenix had already begun!

It was, however, that no one knew about it.

The endless, indefinite wait was the first trial that the Divine Phoenix gave them.

Those cultivators who had already left were equivalent to those who had not passed the first round of the trial.

Ye Qingtang opened her eyes slowly. Two months was not torture to her.

“Everyone has been here for about two months and must be extremely exhausted already. Please come with me.”

After saying that, its scarlet figure floated ahead immediately.

Noticing the situation, everyone, including Ye Qingtang, followed after the Divine Phoenix without hesitation.

About an hour later, everyone followed the Divine Phoenix and reached a small bamboo forest.

As soon as they entered the small bamboo forest, the aroma of food entered their noses.

Just the aroma was enough to cause one to salivate. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Moreover, these were people who had been eating wild fruits for two months.

When everyone looked up, they noticed a huge long table not far away from them.

That long table could seat hundreds of people. All sorts of rare and exotic delicacies from around the world were displayed on the table.

After leading the group here, the Divine Phoenix said gently, “You all have only been relying on wild fruits to fill your stomach over the past two months. All of you must be very tired and famished right now. Please take a seat.”

After hearing the Divine Phoenix’s orders, everyone immediately dispersed and took a seat.

“Please,” the Divine Phoenix said.

Everyone had been eating wild fruits for two months and did not have much of an appetite With the Divine Phoenix present, they did not dare to overly display their desire for food.

However, since the Divine Phoenix had already spoken, some cultivators expressed their thanks and immediately wolfed down the food, as though they wanted to make up for the fine delicacies they did not eat in the past two months at one go.