Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 927 Trade-Offs (3)

Suddenly, an old man dressed in a black robe, with an overcast expression, looked at the plant and exclaimed in surprise.

“That’s right. A cultivator who uses the Herb of Heavenly Life will increase his natural lifespan by a thousand years,” the Divine Phoenix said.

When he heard that, the black-robed old man’s body quivered slightly. He had come to this land because he had only a few years left. He wanted to try his luck and to see if he could, by chance, advance his cultivation state and increase his lifespan…

However, the black-robed old man had never thought that he would find the legendary Herb of Heavenly Life here!

“Lord Divine Phoenix… may I… take the Herb of Heavenly Life. I give up the inheritance of the Divine Phoenix…” The black-robed old man looked longingly at the Divine Phoenix.

To the black-robed old man, no matter how powerful the inheritance was or how valuable the Dharma treasures were, they could not compare to extending his lifespan.

Without life, what use were the Dharma treasures to him?!

“You may,” The Divine Phoenix said.

At the Divine Phoenix’s acquiescence, the black-robed old man’s eyes filled with wild joy. He immediately carefully kept the Herb of Heavenly Life.

Everyone present knew the value of the Divine Virtual Pagoda and the Herb of Heavenly Life.

Previously, some of them suspected that the treasures before them were created by the Divine Phoenix’s enchantment skills. But now, they saw with their own eyes that Absolute Monarch of Heaven and the black-robed old man had successively placed the Divine Virtual Pagoda and the Herb of Heavenly Life in their own space rings. Only then did they believe… that all this was real.

At that moment, everyone was amazed by the Divine Phoenix’s generosity…

It was actually giving away these treasures.

One must understand that if any one of these treasures were found outside, it would cause many conflicts.

It must be said that these Dharma treasures were more tempting to them than the real inheritance of the Divine Phoenix.

Just as everyone was exclaiming in amazement, Ye Qingtang’s eyes were suddenly drawn to a bronze mirror.

It was just an ordinary bronze mirror, except that a circle of strange totems was carved around its borders. These totems seemed to be covered by a layer of rust and looked extremely ancient.

Among the heap of treasures, this bronze mirror was not outstanding. But at that moment, it attracted Ye Qingtang’s full attention.

Mirror of Illusions!

Legend had it that this Dharma treasure that could transform all martial skills into matter!

At that moment, Ye Qingtang looked in amazement at the bronze mirror. Her expression held a rarely seen look of shock.

Ye Qingtang had heard about the Mirror of Illusions in her previous life.

It could be considered a Sacred Mirror!

Even when she had become a Holy Venerate, she had not been destined to obtain a Dharma treasure like this!

Ye Qingtang previously had not thought much about the pile of treasures before her.

But when she saw the Mirror of illusion, she was somewhat tempted.

The Mirror of Illusions could convert any force into pure material energy, no matter how great the force.

For example, if Ye Qingtang faced a Paragon level cultivator and the Paragon slashed out with an apocalyptic stroke of his sword, if the Mirror of Illusions shone on it, then the sword gleam would be transformed into stone, or rain, or some completely ordinary material that had almost no lethality. It could be used to block the martial skills of the most powerful cultivator! DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Would it not be wonderful to have such an object with her?!

“Ah, the Mirror of Illusions. I never thought that I would see this Dharma treasure in my lifetime!” The man in black armor had also noticed the Mirror of Illusions.

He instinctively took a step forward. His body quivered, and his expression became extremely agitated.

“It’s just a lousy mirror. What good is it?” Yin Yang Child saw how agitated the man in black armor was and quietly took a step forward.