
Chapter 102 Spellcasting in Battle
The entire battle was divided by the falling of the iron stone as the boundary. The rhythm afterwards was basically Roa, who was injured, leading his subordinates in a counterattack. The ambushed team, which had lost its core, was immediately overwhelmed and defeated on the spot. Or, it could be said that when Zhao Xu successfully counter-killed the iron stone, along with the previous example of him stunning and making many people unconscious in this area. Even the tough-minded bandits could only choose to lay low at this moment. After the entire battle was over, everyone gathered around to congratulate Zhao Xu, especially Roa's words of praise were endless. Roa even decided on the spot to let Zhao Xu take the full body armor of the iron stone as a trophy. At that time, Zhao Xu's gaze first swept over Maple Leaf, and Maple Leaf quickly waved his hand to indicate that he did not deserve any reward. In fact, Zhao Xu was worried that Maple Leaf would have a powerful weapon in the form of the full body armor, and he might successfully survive, causing trouble for him a year later. Seeing Maple Leaf refuse, Zhao Xu didn't say much and just asked Roa to exchange it for equivalent gold coins or other items for spellcasters. However, when Roa took back the full body armor, Zhao Xu saw the joy in Maple Leaf's eyes. It was only then that he realized that not only he, but also the Maple Leaf team, had gained a lot from this journey. It was likely that the Maple Leaf team would eventually pool their resources to buy it. Compared to the undead creatures who were so poor that they couldn't even sell their materials after being killed, the enemy warriors with basic armor and weapons were considered walking wallets. And Zhao Xu's mind was completely focused on the outside world until he rode his summoned horse through the canyon.
At that moment just now, it seemed extremely dangerous, and he had already reached the point of gambling his life with the opponent. But in fact, the entire battle plan was being carried out according to Zhao Xu's plan. It wasn't just by chance that his two magic missiles happened to deal exactly 10 points of damage to put Iron Stone in a dying state. It was Zhao Xu's own decision to gamble with the magic missiles. Although Zhao Xu had five resurrection stones, it was too cheap for him to gamble his life with an ordinary warrior, not just with a high-level mage. When Zhao Xu saw Iron Stone coming towards him, if he were to cast a first-level arcane "Mage Armor" on himself, and then use the "Protection Staff" to cast "Shield" - a first-level arcane spell that he hadn't had time to learn yet - the combined value of the 4th level armor and the 4th level shield would give Zhao Xu nearly 8th level of defense, putting him on par with Iron Stone's full body armor. With this 8th level of defense, even with his flaws affecting his defense, Zhao Xu's defense would still be as high as 18th level (10th level base). At that moment, even if a civilian were to stab him with a gun and he couldn't dodge it, there was a high probability that he would be blocked by the invisible force of the spells condensed on his body! This is also a manifestation of the power of mage spells, even low-level first-level spells, once stacked, still have extraordinary power. It's just that an ordinary mage only has two or three first-level spells a day, and can't afford to do such a luxurious thing. Even when Zhao Xu missed the first opportunity to cast a spell to enhance his defense, he could still choose to use the "Protection Staff" to consume three points of energy and release "Protective Animal Shield" with his second spell.
This sixth-level spell can create a shield with a radius of three meters, lasting for 10 minutes per level of the caster—200 minutes in total. Except for undead and other special creatures, most living beings cannot enter the shield.

Even if he had the strength of three men and six arms, his charge would surely be in vain.

However, Zhao Xu eventually gave up. He should have followed his instincts and focused on defense before counterattacking. But in that moment, a message appeared on his information panel.

"Adventurer Zhong Xia is in a state of 'Battle Casting' specialization awakening."

Arthur's specializations were taught by people, self-taught, and some were realized in battle. In his past life as a warrior, Zhao Xu learned his "Fierce Attack" specialization directly from his roommate, Zhang Qi. Once you have a specialization, you have the qualification to teach it, which is why Arthur's various specializations have always been passed down.

Later, his other specialization, "Seizing the Opportunity," was realized in a state of despair on the battlefield. So when players see their specialization in an awakened state, they are excited and eager to grasp the opportunity to master it.

When Zhao Xu saw the "Battle Casting" specialization, he chose to activate it because it was a prerequisite for advancing to the "Spell Guard" specialization. Only by obtaining this specialization could he successfully advance to the next level.

When he left the floating city, Antinoya gave him a few suggestions for specializations to focus on first if he wanted to awaken them. One of them was the "Battle Casting" specialization, which can only be realized in battle, in injury, and on the brink of life and death.
This is also the reason why Antinoya never mentioned this expertise to him from beginning to end, it is impossible to obtain it just by studying.
Thinking of this, Zhao Xu also smiled. He was not in a hurry to master the "lasting spell" that he had not yet mastered. When he reached level five as a wizard, he would still be able to obtain a super magical expertise through the wizard profession. It was not too late to spend time on "lasting spell" at that time.
Now, the expertise list on his character card is finally neat.
[Expertise (human): Versatile Spellcaster
Expertise (1st level): Battle Casting
Expertise (flaw): Spell Familiarity
Expertise (flaw): Peculiar Foresight]
Zhao Xu sighed and turned to look at his potential points.
Originally, after he reached level 2, he had 5/5 potential points, but now he only had a pitiful 1/5 left. The appearance of potential points was also the result of Zhao Xu's confrontation with the mage Layne that day.
Who knew that it would be used on an enemy today.
He spent 1 potential point to simulate the "extreme spell" expertise that he had not mastered, and then spent 3 potential points to allow him to cast the "extreme spell" magic missile using a first-level spell slot, which originally required a fourth-level spell slot.
If others heard about it, they would definitely say it was overkill.
Potential points have a wide range of uses, from attacks to skill checks, attributes, saves, and even caster level checks, all of which can gain a 1D6 (1-6 points) advantage by consuming potential points.
If Zhao Xu is hit by a control spell, if he consumes potential points to resist, he can increase his resistance success rate by 5% to 30%.
So this time, Zhao Xu used up four points in a row, which was equivalent to turning four life-saving opportunities into one burst of power.
He has no regrets at all, being able to awaken the "battle spell" expertise has already cleared the last obstacle for him to advance to "spell guardian". He lacks everything, except for the favorability of Mysterla City. Suddenly, Zhao Xu's horse forcibly stopped, lifting its front legs and almost throwing Zhao Xu off. A huge shadow directly covered the front! Zhao Xu was about to take out his wand when a familiar voice came— the roar of a dragon!