
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 138: Investigative Network

Unfortunately, Zhao Xu's hundreds of magical techniques are all stored in his mind and cannot be taken out for fear of losing them. Otherwise, he could earn a small income by selling magical books.

At this moment, the two of them are gazing at the palm of their hand, where seven or eight Level 1 magical pearls are lying, and are about to reach out to take them, but are stuck in a state of inaction.

Even a collector of rare things like him would not be able to resist the temptation.

Currently, the player can only use two or three Level 1 magical techniques a day.

Rou has these Level 1 magical pearls, equivalent to being born with the ability to recover an extra eight times, but only recovers the prepared magical techniques.

Unlike Zhao Xu, who is a "Multi-talented Mage" and has "Precognition", Rou is not limited by this.

Even so, it represents Rou's own endurance reaching an extremely frightening level.

The opponent, however, takes out these pearls without hesitation, representing Rou's willingness to share her endurance with Zhao Xu and the shadow.

"You can use them," Rou said generously. "I didn't use much magical energy today."

The scroll is indeed incredible, and it's not just a matter of remembering the magical techniques in one's mind.

The scroll can cover magical techniques that people don't usually prepare, which is why it has strategic importance.

Zhao Xu doesn't need to use the scroll because his own endurance has reached 14 Level 1 magical techniques, and he can cast various magical techniques at will, with low requirements for the scroll.

Coincidentally, he just took the strength test at the strength testing hall and consumed a lot of magical energy.

Otherwise, he might still be able to say that he doesn't need it.

"You go first," Zhao Xu gestured to the female mage, indicating that she should use the magical energy first.
Here is the translation of the text:

As soon as he picked up the pearl, he directly held it in the palm of his hand and began to feel the power of the pearl recovering. A few seconds later, the originally transparent pearl suddenly turned dull and faded like a fake.

"Your turn," the shadow said, putting down the pearl and turning around.

Zhao Xuan, who was standing nearby, felt a bit awkward and walked up to the female wizard. He looked at her and said, "Don't you need to recover?"

The female wizard laughed and shook her head, "I only used a few zero-level spells, and it's a waste to use this one."

Zhao Xuan felt that what she said was indeed reasonable.

He continued to confirm with the female wizard, "Then I used it to recover."

The female wizard looked at Zhao Xuan's repetition and found it strange, but she didn't show any signs of annoyance. Instead, she spoke softly, "Don't worry, Mr. Feng, I still have some."

When he heard her say this, Zhao Xuan finally felt at ease.

He directly took out a level one magic pearl, held it in his hand, and felt its texture was good.

Suddenly, the pearl worth 1000 GP burst with energy, flowing into Zhao Xuan's palm and entering his mind.

Zhao Xuan's mind, which had previously consumed a level one magic spell, directly re-congregated, like a raindrop flowing back to the sky.

The shadow looked at Zhao Xuan with a strange expression, as if he was holding a grandma's baby. She couldn't help but wonder how the person in front of her could consume so many magic pearls.

However, the shadow's expression soon changed. She saw Zhao Xuan, who had just recovered his second magic spell, picking up another one again.
Here is the translation of the text:

The multitalented Zhao Xu is capable of freely combining two zero-level spells to form a first-level spell, so he often uses this method as a last resort. This approach is also the most flexible.

Zhao Xu picked up the fourth pearl, and the two female mages looked at each other in confusion.

The spell slot is not fixed and may vary depending on the individual. However, the intelligence of players has become increasingly clear.

When Zhao Xu picked up the seventh pearl, Luo had already lost her original state and couldn't help but burst into laughter, saying, "Your first-level spell slot is indeed extraordinary, Mr. Feng."

The originally restored shadow also looked straight ahead and introduced himself as "Feng," and this was the first time he had done so. This was also the true form of the tiger that didn't roar.

Zhao Xu couldn't use his priest spells because he was too familiar with the spellbook, but he had acquired the ability to use the "Chronicle of the Gods" spell slot, which was similar to that of the mages. Therefore, he could apply the "Chronicle of the Gods" to his spells when preparing.

The three of them knew that it was unlikely that someone would waste the precious first-level spell pearls on zero-level spells.

This meant that the present Zhao Xu was at least equivalent to three first-level mages in terms of spell slots.

"Thank you," Zhao Xu said, looking at the last pearl, thinking that he should probably use a spell before putting it away, but ultimately couldn't bring himself to give up the action.

Luo still looked benevolent and didn't say anything before taking back the pearl.

Zhao Xu wasn't being selfish; he did it because of the Chronicle of the Gods, and his spellcasting ability was far superior to that of the two mages, allowing him to make better use of these pearls.

After that, the three of them put on the "Mage's Armor" spell, which extended the duration of the spell slots, and for short-term spells, they would consider it on the spot.
Here is the translation of the text:

The female wizard gazed at the two of them, who were both prepared, and said, "I've seen that the scroll has hidden servants and teleportation magic. Why don't you release the hidden servants along with the teleportation magic?"

Zhao Xu and Lu did not object to the wizard's request and released the magic one by one as instructed.

They also let their servants stand behind them, about 10 meters away.

In this way, the three servants of the three of them were placed at the three points of a circular arc.

Zhao Xu, who had learned a few spells at the 1st level, including the teleportation spell, could use it to swap positions with an agreed-upon companion or switch the positions of two agreed-upon companions.

As long as he simply cast the spell, this 1st-level spell could instantly reverse the layout of the battlefield.

When he was being attacked by the Iron Stone Shocktroopers in the gorge, if he had used this spell, it would have brought someone to help him take the blow.

However, Zhao Xu did not think of having someone take his place to die, so he did not use the spell.

Now, if they encountered any problems, they could use this spell and their own hidden servants to swap positions within a short distance of 10 meters.

Even if Zhao Xu fell into a pit, as long as it was within 10-15 meters, he could still swap positions with his servant outside the pit.

The teleportation spell was the only spell they could use to change spatial positions before obtaining high-level teleportation spells.

After preparing, the three of them continued to move forward in the Whispering Woods.

As they walked, Zhao Xu noticed that the withered trees in front of them were becoming more and more numerous. The three of them had to slow down a bit.

"Wait a minute," Lu suddenly said, pulling on the wooden staff held by Zhao Xu in front.

Zhao Xu immediately stopped in his tracks, but he did not turn back, instead continuing to keep watch on the dark and eerie front.
Here is the translation:

"I feel a bit strange," said Lu softly.

As three low-level mages, they were not skilled in investigating and listening, which was not their area of expertise. They naturally didn't put much effort into it, and the effect of using their skills was generally mediocre.

"This is where our low-level investigation and listening skills are a problem, no matter how we use them," said Ying quietly.

"Lu, is your intuition reliable?" Zhao Xu asked, looking at Lu with a puzzled expression, although he respected Lu as the party's patron.

Lu thought for a moment before nodding, "I have a bad feeling inside, but there's nothing unusual on the interface."

"That's it, I'll cast a detection spell," said Zhao Xu, and began to chant the incantation for the "Detection Net" spell, looking at the consciousness space.

As soon as Zhao Xu finished chanting, the spell's power suddenly burst forth, and intangible energy spread throughout a 6-meter radius.

"Now, let's conduct a joint investigation and listening," Zhao Xu instructed for the first time, still not turning around.

The "Detection Net" spell, unique to the lone traveler, was equivalent to connecting the investigation and listening skills of the spell's recipients, amplifying the abilities of teammates and strengthening with the number of people. For two people, it would only increase by 2 points.

However, with each additional person, it would add an additional 2 points, so the three of them received a total of +4 enhancement.

Combined with their own perception, they were already comparable to professional players who specialized in investigation and listening.
Here is the translation of the text:

Initially, Rainbow was the scout and had already reached level 4 in this skill by the time they were at level 1, and was not far behind Zhao Xiu who had been born with a +4 enhancement. Each profession had its own specialized skills, but the scholars of the ancient scriptures had various magical abilities that showed great strength in terms of skills. At this time, the two women also felt the enhancement given by Zhao Xiu's magic and quietly conducted their own investigation and listening.

At this moment, the shadowy figure quietly grasped the palm of the female mage, Lü. Lü was slightly startled, but did not struggle.

The shadowy figure wrote a brief message in the palm of Lü's hand using the common language of Arthur. Lü took a few seconds to understand what the shadowy figure was saying - "Investigation network, solo traveler, level 1 magic".

Lü gently shook her hand to indicate that this was not good. However, the shadowy figure's mouth curled up slightly, and she continued to draw - "No, questioning, guess".

This was the beginning of what she said, but it did not contradict what she said, only telling Lü, who was fond of her, that she had a good feeling.

Suddenly, Zhao Xiu's eyes widened in shock, and he quickly stretched out his hand to signal everyone to crouch down.

Although no one understood what Zhao Xiu saw, the two of them still followed Zhao Xiu's actions and leaned tightly against the tree trunk in front of them.

There was no longer any grass, only dry and tangled branches overlapping and piled up, barely covering their silhouettes.

Suddenly, a strange and terrifying laughter echoed through the air.