
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 143: Item Magical Companion

After leaving, Zhao Xu said goodbye to Wang Qingwei and Eschewing, exchanging WeChat numbers with each other. It's uncertain if they will meet again anytime soon.

Zhao Xu then reported to Anzhenoja, listened to his briefing, and then went offline.

When Zhao Xu took off his brain-computer VR, he found Zhang Qi sorting out his backpack, stuffing in some snacks and drinks.

The class planned to go mountain biking at Dafu Mountain tomorrow, and Zhao Xu had reminded Zhang Qi to keep an eye on the most active Luo Ci. However, Zhang Qi gave him a suspicious look.

Despite this, Zhang Qi nodded sincerely, indicating that he had received the message.

After going downstairs, Zhao Xu opened his laptop and browsed through the online forum's hot topics.

Most of the posts were just the usual 101 ways to die in the game. Besides that, a few players had started posting their analysis threads.

One particularly popular thread was written by a mage apprentice player, analyzing the internal mechanics of magic. The player had spent a lot of effort on the post, even hand-drawing diagrams of several spell structures.

The thread starter began analyzing the structures and key points, and correlated them with specific spell effects. Although the post was somewhat confusing, the conclusion was understandable - the model structures and spell effects corresponded to each other.
Here is the translation of the text:

The acid liquid spray and frozen beam both have similar distant contact structures. However, the author from a different angle analyzes why the former belongs to the curse spell and the latter belongs to the plastic spell. These are the most basic basic skills of the wizard, but players have started to discuss them on the forum. Zhao Xu also nodded silently, and players have started to notice the magical nature of Arthur's magic.

According to the author's description, he has been studying the contents of these spells since he entered the game, and has mastered various spellcasting skills, including summoning pets, and has abandoned everything else. He even didn't learn the first-level spells and has been studying the free 19-level zero-level spell for a month, which led to the birth of this post.

Zhao Xu scrolled down to read the subsequent replies. Unfortunately, most of the replies were just repetitive discussions about how great the author, Arthur, and wizards are. Few replies were based on the author's theme.

Zhao Xu thought for a moment and then simply guided the author's subsequent thoughts and reminded the author to start their wizard journey. Although Zhao Xu didn't strictly follow the research path, after seeing hundreds of first-level spells, he himself had gained knowledge that was beyond what ordinary players could compare.

After posting the reply, Zhao Xu cleared his friend list on the forum and logged onto the long-absent QQ group. Suddenly, Zhao Xu found that someone had sent him a friend invitation notification, and the sender was Wang Qingwei.

Zhao Xu's QQ number was added by a few classmates, but if there was no QQ group, most people wouldn't bother to log in. Zhao Xu immediately verified the opponent's verification.
Here is the translation of the text:

Facing a top-level player, even a grandmaster, Zhao Xu had no intention of rejecting the opponent's friend invitation. This was not some cultivation world where one could swallow the other's spiritual energy by defeating them. Wang Qingwei had the recognition of the giants of the floating city and could even obtain the secret inheritance of the Itel Empire, with abilities that Zhao Xu knew nothing about.

Even Anzhi Noya, who had made the first move by making contact with Wang Qingwei. "Mr. Zhongxia?" Wang Qingwei sent a query at this time.

Zhao Xu lightly tapped the keyboard: "Yeah".

"That's it, let's create a group then?" Wang Qingwei's QQ avatar was her own person.

Zhao Xu had no major objections to this.

Initially, Zhao Xu had kept his true identity hidden from the people of Maple Leaf, not because he was intentionally pretending to be someone he wasn't. Rather, he tended to be around people who were similar to himself. As the gap between people grew, it was easy to become one-sided in one's admiration.

Zhao Xu had already passed the age where he needed others to praise him.

At this time, Wang Qingwei had already sent a group invitation, and Zhao Xu looked at the group number 191645033 and silently agreed.

Eisvi: "Ha ha, the son of the face has joined the group?"
Wang Qingwei: "Oh no, don't say that, Zhongxia is the one who upgraded himself through his own strength."
Zhongxia: "Good luck, can't help it."

Zhao Xu smiled as he replied.

Eisvi: "(T_T)"
Zhongxia: "How did you two get to level 2?"
Wang Qingwei: "I was in an underground plaza. When my magic missiles were blocked by someone's counter spell, I successfully upgraded."
Eisvi: "Qingwei!!"
Wang Qingwei: "What's wrong?"
Here is the translation of the text:

Esvi: Newbie mages only spend the first few days training their magic recognition and skills before heading to the underground plaza. Are you the same?

Cengwei: Hehe, I'm actually a 2nd-level mage just two days after becoming a 1st-level mage.

Esvi: Did you use up all your skill points?

Cengwei: Yeah, before I leveled up, I had used up the skill points from humanity and intelligence. After leveling up, I only had 8 skill points, which I converted into knowledge levels after reading a few books.

Esvi: Oh, so you're about the same as me, with no skill points left and no sense of accomplishment.

Esvi: As for me, I leveled up while reading books at night, and it was a surprise.

Cengwei: What was your first leveling experience like, Mr. Zhongxia?

Zhaoxu: (thinking back) Ah, it was in the mine, where I was surrounded by enemies and decided to go all-out. Then, I suddenly leveled up.

(Everyone looks thoughtful, not like the typical pattern of defeating monsters and accumulating experience points to level up. It's as if they've reached a certain boundary and burst through.)

Esvi: Let's change the group name. This "Floating City" name is too ugly.

Cengwei: Hey, what should we change it to?

Esvi: The Strongest Mage Trio.

Zhaoxu: Protest.

Esvi: Protest denied.

Zhaoxu: I think the name "Protest Girl" is better.

Esvi: I'm not opposed to using that combination name yet.

Zhaoxu: I think you're not a girl.
Here is the translation of the text to English:

Kongwei: ...
Esvischi: Do you believe I'll go there via network?
Kongwei: If everyone is in Floating City, the revive stone is useless, right?
Esvischi: Five.
Zhongxia: Five.
Kongwei: Same here.
Zhao Xu looked at the number of players and thought that the gap between the top and bottom players was huge.

The players who are currently the most popular and have the highest level among the new players can upgrade to level 2 quickly, but the majority of players who have successfully upgraded to level 1 within the first month are extremely rare.

Almost 90% of players who have crossed the Arthurian realm will re-register a new character.

Players who don't follow a pure research route will find it difficult to upgrade without staying in the academy.

At this time, Zhao Xu received a call from the food delivery service, which delivers food to his dormitory every day. After eating, he quickly logged back into the game.

After Zhao Xu returned from his test, Anniya knew that he had become a level 3 mage. She was surprised, but not too surprised.

Although it was just a slight surprise, she immediately put Zhao Xu's level 3 character specialization on the schedule.

Zhao Xu's upgrade speed is still faster than expected, so the specialization that was originally planned for later is now being moved to the front.
Here is the translation of the text:

Zhou Xū didn't notice and was promoted to level 4, and his 3-level specialty was rendered invalid.

All characters can obtain specialty skills at levels 1, 2, 3, and every subsequent multiple of 3.

Missing the 3-level specialty, Zhou Xū would have to wait until level 6 to get another specialty.

"What kind of specialty is this, and do I have to wait until tonight to get it?" Zhou Xū asked curiously.

At this moment, An Ti Nuo Ya deliberately changed into a golden silk robe with a wine-red color, similar to the one Westrilena wore before she became a goddess.

Now he knew what the garment was, and logically speaking, the bonus it gave An Ti Nuo Ya was not significant, but the garment's prestige was so great that even the leaders would like to prepare one.

"This is a specialty that gives you a lot of feedback, such as skill points, leveling up, spell slots, and even allowing you to cast zero-level spells," An Ti Nuo Ya said. "You didn't sacrifice your pet ability before, did you?"

Zhou Xū nodded slightly after hearing these words.

"Now, I'll give you another pet - an item pet," An Ti Nuo Ya said.

Zhou Xū's expression turned thoughtful.

The topic of pets is one of the daily conversations among mages on the forum.
Pets mostly come from ordinary animals, but they are summoned through rituals and become magical creatures.
Generally, the various stats of pets are not much different from those of ordinary animals.
To make pets stronger than mages, they usually need to be equipped with enough spells.
Here is the translation of the text:

However, the choice of magical pets and how to use them has become a hot topic on the forum. This is because magical pets can grant wizards certain abilities, from "alertness" specialization to spell sharing, without exception.

"'Specialization in magical pets means that you can establish a long-term connection with an item and gradually grant it magical pet abilities over time.'"

Zhao Xu nodded slightly when he heard this, "So, is it time for the ritual next?"

It is a requirement for wizards to summon magical pets to perform a magical ritual.

"No, the prerequisite for a magical pet is that the item must be a permanent magical item. So, you need to choose a magical item first."

Annie smiled mysteriously at Zhao Xu, "So, we need to go to a place to choose the item that will become your magical pet."

"Where?" Zhao Xu had a hunch about the destination, but couldn't believe it.

"The Lost Heritage of the Itrellian Empire."