
Chapter 144: The Legacy of Itel

"Is the lost legacy of the Itel Dynasty?" Zhao Xu was astonished, "Is it in the hands of your master?" 

"Not in my hands, then whose could it be?" Anzhenya spoke softly.

"Is the authority to govern that legacy in your master's hands?" Zhao Xu asked tentatively.

"Why would I need to say that? Who would dare take something from my hands?"

Anzhenya's expression turned condescending for the first time.

It wasn't just her legendary mage's abilities that made her so powerful, but there was something deeper at play.

Zhao Xu suddenly recalled his past life.

Wasn't it Anzhenya who had handed over the Itel Dynasty's legacy to Wang Qingwei in the end?

Although he got along well with Wang Qingwei, he didn't have any intention of giving away his own backpack.

And what about that legendary "leadership" specialty? Wasn't it more like a "kneel and bow" specialty?

It was unbelievable that Anzhenya could make him give away such wealth, and Zhao Xu felt incredulous.

"Are you ready?" Anzhenya closed the book and stood up, stretching lazily.

Zhao Xu glanced around, making sure he hadn't forgotten anything, and nodded to confirm.

Then he saw Anzhenya lift her hand and wave her fingers towards the empty space in front of her, drawing a circle.

The originally quiet room suddenly erupted with powerful magical energy, which condensed and took the shape of a doorway, tearing open a previously quiet space channel.

Zhao Xu gazed at the unstable, like a cobalt blue current jumping back and forth, doorway, and through the doorway, he saw a grand, massive stone door on the other side.

This was the portal spell of the Otherworld!
Here is the translation of the text:

"The portal to the other side was originally a spell that connected two planes. Although the legacy of the Itter Kingdom lay in Arthur, it was because of the vast spatial barrier that this method was necessary to reach it, and a simple teleportation spell was ineffective."

Anzhi Noya gazed at the portal she had just cast and said, "Don't be silly, let's go in."

Zhao Xu went through the portal first.

The process was smooth, as if he was walking from one corner of the room to another. Even after he passed through, he could still see Anzhi Noya walking towards the door from the other side.

Zhao Xu thought to himself that Wang Qiongwei had left a secret mark on the stairs before leaving, and after he got out of the elevator, he saw the mark still there, indicating that she had not teleported. It seemed that it was not entirely accurate.

When Anzhi Noya reached the almost 100-meter-high, wide stone room, the portal spell was directly cancelled and turned into nothingness.

Summoning or teleporting living beings are the two main functions of the portal.

"If I use the portal to summon gods, can I succeed?" Zhao Xu couldn't help but wonder.

It could be said that the portal was a spell that Zhao Xu had almost mastered.

"Hehe, you can try," Anzhi Noya teased. "Gods can indeed choose to pass through the portal to reach the Arthur world. However, it is meaningless. The Arthurian world will seal off divine power, and the stronger the divine power, the more severe the sealing. Therefore, gods usually only send avatars to Arthur. Otherwise, the gods could sweep across the world, so why bother with the church?"

As Anzhi Noya explained, Zhao Xu finally understood.

To put it bluntly, Arthur's world was like an anthill, and gods wanted to take a look, so they had to transform into ants to burrow in.
Here is the translation of the text:

At this moment, Zhao Xu began to survey this vast stone chamber. The area was almost as large as a football field, and the height was comparable to a 30-story residential building. Even a giant dragon with a massive physique could spread its wings and soar in this space.

In front of him were two stone doors, as smooth as a mirror, with a line of ancient language inscribed on them. The words read: "Retreat, gods!"

Seeing these sacrilegious words, Zhao Xu, even without being a 1st-level priest, felt a bit stunned. Not even the Wizards' Guild would dare to publicly declare such a statement. In the entire Arthurian world, no one would dare to write such a thing on their doorstep, even if they were a follower of the deep abyss and hell or an apostate of the evil god.

"I remember the downfall of the Itterian Empire, and I'm not sure if it's related to the gods, Teacher?" Zhao Xu whispered softly.

At this moment, he had slowly walked up to the stone door and discovered that this seemingly simple door was actually composed of two massive pieces of lapis lazuli.

In the Arthurian world, precious stones could provide the magical power needed for spells, and their market value was always stable. Even a ordinary piece of lapis lazuli could cost 50 gold coins.

At this time, Anzhiya also walked up to him, but remained silent, as if lost in thought.

"Call me Mom," Anzhiya said.

Zhao Xu couldn't help but turn his head, looking at Anzhiya with a confused expression.

Why did she suddenly address him as a family member?

"Only the Itterian clan can enter this treasure trove," Anzhiya said.

"You're not my mom, so you can't deceive this stone door. I'll cast a teleportation spell, and you won't be able to pass through," Anzhiya said.

"Big sister," Zhao Xu called out helplessly, unable to muster the courage to call his sister.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Ah, it seems you're not stupid enough to do that," An Ti Nuo Ya couldn't help but smile with her mouth covered.

She immediately cast a spell, releasing a spiritual portal that could pierce through various obstacles - the Dimensional Gate. Before this, Zhao Xu had used this spell to reach the mysterious projection space where the final scroll was located, so he was completely unaccustomed to it and directly went through.

As he walked, he asked, "If the people of the El'Therian family can't reach the ninth circle and can't cast spells like the Dimensional Gate and the Interdimensional Gate, which are level 8 or 9, won't they have no use for this treasure?"

An Ti Nuo Ya also poked her head through, saying, "Even legends don't have a chance to get this treasure, let alone those who don't have legends. They'll only end up dead."

Just then, Zhao Xu had already reached the opposite bank, looking at a seemingly endless underground pit in front of him, his eyes wide with shock.

Countless rows of tightly packed magical creatures, each one unknown to him, were stacked neatly below. Zhao Xu found it difficult to imagine that Ernest would use such a tactic, just like Qin Shi Huang's Terracotta Army.

Looking at those magical creatures, Zhao Xu could only shake his head in silence, unable to use the term "ten thousand" to measure their number.

These soldiers alone could establish a country without any difficulty, let alone sweep across the continent. At this moment, Zhao Xu was certain that the Earth Force in the previous life had only obtained a part of this inheritance, otherwise it would have been too late.

Even Zhao Xu began to recall what Lyin had said, that Ernest's secret was almost ten or twenty times more than this fake secret.
Here is the translation of the text:

Suddenly, Zhao Xu felt that he had been eyeing An Ti Nuo Ya's 1.44 million gold coins and +12 legendary intelligence headwear, which was too low-level.

This also made him puzzled in his heart.

"What did the Itel kingdom offend the gods for?" he asked his mentor.

"Who told you that the Itel kingdom's inheritance was meant to be used to reclaim the throne?" An Ti Nuo Ya countered.

Zhao Xu originally wanted to say it was a legend, but then he thought about the people in the legend who were standing in front of him, so he just kept quiet.

"Let's go," An Ti Nuo Ya directly pulled Zhao Xu's hand, "We can teleport in and go to the underground treasure room. These demons are not pets."

After a momentary feeling of time-space lag, Zhao Xu found himself in a small room.

According to legend, the treasure trove of the great kingdoms of the past was said to be immeasurably vast. However, this time, Zhao Xu discovered that he was in a small room, with shelves on both sides filled with various items.

"This room is probably around a hundred or so rooms," An Ti Nuo Ya said with a smile. "All the best treasures are stored here, although I've taken quite a few things. The remaining ones are still quite good."

"Just remember that you can only take one thing," An Ti Nuo Ya said with a laugh.

Choosing something in a treasure trove can be even more grueling than not choosing at all.

Zhao Xu heard the words and immediately scanned the room, beginning to approach the shelves and admire his future demon pets.

An Ti Nuo Ya saw Zhao Xu pick up a box of ivory cards wrapped in leather, and smiled lightly. "If I were you, I'd put that thing back."

"Artifact?" Zhao Xu heard the words and immediately pulled his hand back, putting the ivory card back in its original place with great reverence.
Here is the translation of the text:

"The cards of the universe, whatever you draw, you will have to face the consequences. There are cards that represent losing all wealth, cards that represent the soul being imprisoned, and cards that allow you to make one to four wishes, which are all related to the fate of certain gods. But I'm not brave enough to draw them."

Anzhi explained to Zhao Xu.

Zhao Xu looked at the card box, which seemed similar to a Tarot deck, and shook his head. "What's this? Can I take it?" he asked, noticing a black stone.

Anzhi glanced at it and said, "It's a refining stone. It can turn 1000 pounds of lead into gold. Or, if you crush it and mix the magic mercury and medicine with water, it's equivalent to a ninth-grade god's 'Complete Revival' spell."

Zhao Xu was impressed, but unfortunately, it wasn't suitable for him.

Suddenly, Zhao Xu's eyes widened as he looked at the top shelf.

The entire row was filled with nine dragon pearls.

Including the dragon pearls in Anzhi's dimensional bag, there were ten different types of dragon pearls, each corresponding to a different metal or dragon.

"This is terrible," Zhao Xu said. "The true Ernest's secrets are too frightening."

Just then, Anzhi turned around and faced away from Zhao Xu.

She looked at the eternal flame hanging above, which had been burning for many years. "Ernest was worried that he would leave this world and be alone, so he exhausted all the magical resources of the entire Arthurian Empire and collected countless resources in his secret storage."

"That secret storage was used as a bargaining chip to trade with the gods. Even if he left this world, it would allow his loved ones to survive."
Here is the translation of the text to English:

"This legacy of the Itter kingdom is what Ernest intentionally left for the people he wanted to protect, and it's natural for the divine artifacts to be more abundant as well."

Zhao Xu couldn't help but stare blankly at Anniya, as if gazing at the passage of time, and whispered, "Is that person you, Master?"

"You're thinking too much, hurry up and take it," Anniya said. "If it's me, you'll only hear another version."

Zhao Xu thought this was also possible, but if Anniya could trace it back to the first generation of magic goddesses before they became gods, it would be too exaggerated.

Well, after all, we're already at this level, how can we not be gods for a while?

Suddenly, Zhao Xu's gaze landed on a corner of the shelf, and he suddenly realized he had found the target.