
Chapter 150: Lecturer Zhong Xia

Zhao Xu's previous life as a law enforcement official had trained him to stand before a lectern, demonstrating combat poses. However, he had never experienced a lecture in front of an audience of two to three hundred people, even on Earth. Therefore, before the evening lecture, Zhao Xu meticulously reviewed the prepared lecture materials, just as he would have done if he were facing an amateur. Since he had mastered all the first-level magical techniques, even if the Floating City's law masters had bought all the first-level magical manuscripts, it was impossible to cover the divine magic section, especially the unique ones. Therefore, Zhao Xu was aware that many of the lecture materials were incorrect in their assumptions about first-level magic. Especially, many non-core magical techniques that the Floating City did not teach were described in a vague and ambiguous manner. Zhao Xu struggled to endure this, feeling that the lecturer was not easy to deal with, just like someone who had never seen the ocean trying to describe the sound of the waves. This lecture was labeled as an experimental lecture, which meant that the content had not been verified through actual practice. Some cutting-edge magical research was conducted to recruit high-level mages and attract investment, and this lecture was one such example. Using this format to teach first-level magic, which had already been thoroughly researched, was somewhat irresponsible towards the students. After Zhao Xu corrected the lecture materials, correcting over ten errors per page, he finally set off for the 91st Academic Lecture Hall, which had approximately 200 seats and was designed to test the lecturer's emotional influence.
When Zhao Xu arrived, most of the apprentices and novice mages who had signed up for the lecture had already taken their seats, and the crowd was mostly made up of them.

After pushing open the thick wooden doors, Zhao Xu entered the lecture hall and noticed that he had run into familiar faces.

Wang Qingwei and Esve were sitting in the corner near the door, a position that was also the most convenient for sneaking away.

Zhao Xu was about to walk to the front of the stage and hand over the lecture notes to the assistants, but then he decided to head in the direction of the two women instead.

"Just got a new cloak, looks a bit plain, not quite suited to your style," Esve noticed Zhao Xu's arrival at a glance.

"Long time no see, Mr. Zhongxia," Wang Qingwei whispered a greeting to Zhao Xu.

Zhao Xu thought to himself that they had just talked about the structure of magic in the QQ group the day before, and it was indeed a long time since they had seen each other.

And Zhao Xu couldn't help but think that the cloak on Wang Qingwei's body might be the same one she had chosen in his past life.

He didn't know what Wang Qingwei had called her when she entered the Itreli Kingdom's inheritance with Anzhiya, but he was certain that if he called her "mom", Wang Qingwei would definitely die of laughter.

"You know, today's lecture by Master Maurice, someone was able to evolve the seal symbol in about 7-8 seconds. According to Maurice, when he returned, he heard that someone had solved it and was very happy. However, when he heard that the other person used less than 10 seconds, his face immediately changed."

"Although I don't know what the seal symbol is, I don't think it's that exaggerated. Isn't the lecturer who's floating in the air quite knowledgeable? And what about the change in his face?"
Here is the translation of the text:

"This, you don't understand, anyway, Professor Morris wants to recommend someone to join the team, who is an assistant with benefits, but at that time, everyone didn't know who the person was, and they only noticed that the person was wearing a simple black cloak. Ah, if I had known Professor Morris had such connections, I would have performed better."

The people in the backseat were having a heated discussion when they heard about the simple black cloak. Esveik and Wang Qingwei both cast their gaze on Zhao Xu.

However, after considering the previous events that had unfolded over several seconds, both girls immediately dismissed this speculation.

It wasn't that they looked down on Zhao Xu; it was just that Zhao Xu wasn't that clever.

But in their private conversation, they did reach a consensus: Zhao Xu was a reliable teammate who could be entrusted with his life.

Zhao Xu didn't know that he had been the subject of their speculation and had received high praise.

As he chatted with the girls, he would occasionally glance at the giant clock suspended from the ceiling of the lecture hall, which came from the Mechanical Realm.

"Not fair, what are you two doing here?" Zhao Xu asked, looking at Esveik and Wang Qingwei, who were flipping through the notes for this lecture, and only then realized that they weren't just trying to get a lecture ticket, but were actually there to attend the lecture.

Esveik revealed a hint of annoyance when she said to Zhao Xu, "Esveik is very interested in the spells you released last time. However, she didn't find any clues after she returned, so she asked me to come and listen to this lecture, to see if there are any leads."

At this point, Esveik had already turned her head away, clearly not wanting to face him directly.

But she didn't know that the lecturer of this lecture was also Zhao Xu.

After Zhao Xu realized this, he couldn't help but laugh.

Sometimes, having a teammate like Wang Qingwei, who is too straightforward, can also be a burden.
Here is the translation of the text:

However, Wang Qingwei had previously suggested lending Ai Shewisi money to buy a few skill-enhancing spells. But in the QQ group, no one mentioned it, apparently not wanting to put pressure on Ai Shewisi, preferring to accompany him in private to search for them.

Zhao Xu looked at his watch and didn't want to bother Ai Shewisi, explaining, "This lecture note has many places that need to be revised..."

Just then, a loud and powerful voice came from behind Zhao Xu.

Zhao Xu turned around to see a burly law enforcement officer, accompanied by two apprentices, all of whom were law enforcement trainees.

"Sometimes, some arrogant people want to question the lecturer's notes, starting with small loopholes and trying to overturn the entire situation. They don't think about their own strengths and weaknesses," the man said, looking down at Zhao Xu with disdain.

After speaking, the man sat down in an empty seat, looking at Wang Qingwei with a flattering tone. "Qingwei, I had previously suggested using real money to buy you a mana recovery pearl. What do you think?"

Wang Qingwei had been looking at the man's mocking of Zhao Xu with a hint of annoyance. When he heard the man's request, he shook his head directly, "Thanks for your good intentions, but those mana recovery pearls are actually owned by others, and I'm not qualified to handle them, oh."

"Moreover, some things are priceless," Ai Shewisi said from the heart.

"What's the big deal? Those are just NPC things, which are meant for players. Even players' things can be bought," the man said, looking at Zhao Xu and pointing lightly, "It's just like I bought that tattered cloak from him with money. As long as I can afford the price, he'll give it to me, you believe me, Qingwei?"

"Then try it?" Zhao Xu laughed lightly.

He didn't expect that even a player from Floating City would be so flamboyant.
Here is the translation of the text:

"I suggest you, don't know when to shut up. Otherwise, I'll have you kicked out of here, do you believe it?" The man continued to intimidate Zhao Xu, "Do you know how powerful our influence is in the Floating City?"

Just then, the bell from the academic lecture hall began to ring, "Dong, dong, dong..."

Before the bell rang, the female assistant had already noticed that the lecturer was late and had rushed out to inquire. Zhao Xu immediately stood up and walked towards the lecture hall.

Even Arisviel, who was known for her pride, couldn't help but show a hint of surprise at Zhao Xu's figure. Meanwhile, Wang Qingwei's gaze was calm and peaceful, as if she had no problem with Zhao Xu's actions.

The man who had been intimidating Zhao Xu looked at the scene and his heart was racing with unease. He had already had a bad premonition.

The lecture hall, which had been noisy and rowdy, suddenly fell silent.

Zhao Xu walked to the lecture hall and discovered that the low-level lecturers did not have a group of invisible servants like the Notorious Wizard. The assistant who was supposed to help him had already run out to find someone when Zhao Xu and the man were struggling, and he was unable to stop him.

Thinking about this, Zhao Xu decided to take matters into his own hands and picked up a cleaning cloth to wipe the whiteboard, which was used for writing and drawing. It was as if he was performing a ritual before giving a lecture.

So Zhao Xu didn't bother to summon his invisible servants or use "magical tricks" to get rid of the situation.

The whiteboard was already clean, so Zhao Xu just wiped it lightly. His action also relieved the tension in the lecture hall, and the murmurs and chatter of the audience began to rise.

The assistant of the lecture hall and the lecturer had completely different positions.
Here is the translation of the text:

It seemed that a few mages who had participated in the logistics service were a bit strange, as it was unreasonable to assign a player as a training assistant for the night. "Professor Bloan participated in an experiment and unexpectedly discovered some unexpected results, so I'll be responsible for delivering this lecture on 'Multifaceted Magic'."

After wiping the blackboard clean, Zhao Xu turned around to face the over 200 mage apprentices and novice mages in the audience.

"Oh—" The sudden exclamation was met with gasps of surprise from the audience, as no one expected the lecture to be delivered by this young-looking mage.

Zhao Xu waved his hand slightly, and the entire lecture hall fell silent.

"Before we start the lecture, I'd like the gentleman in the corner to step outside for a moment. I think you won't need this lecture," Zhao Xu indicated to the man who had been threatening him.

In the academic lecture hall, all rights belong to the lecturer.

This was also why Noc didn't fear offending anyone, daring to reduce the number of people in the audience to just one-tenth.

The audience's gaze fell on the man and his entourage behind him, and the originally somewhat arrogant man suddenly changed color.

"Shall we go?" his entourage suggested.

The man gritted his teeth and muttered angrily, "We'll find the logistics department and let this kid know the price of impersonating a lecturer. I'll see if he can survive in Floating Island City."

After saying this, the man led his two entourage members out, determined to take revenge.

He wanted to make him know that the online segment was not as easy to imitate as he thought.

Zhao Xu watched them leave, then picked up the lecture notes he had printed earlier. "Let's start by flipping to the first page. There are eight places I need to correct, and three of them are not errors, just descriptions that are not strict..."
Suddenly, over two hundred people in the lecture hall simultaneously flipped through the lecture notes just issued, looking at the notes while listening to Zhao Xun's correction of the notes. Eschwier listened to Zhao Xun's speech, his mouth slightly agape, and he couldn't help but think, "Is this really professional?"