
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 156: Massive Fire Element

Zhou Xue didn't know how those ancient mages from the Dark Era offended the elemental gods, but his current situation was quite precarious.

Anniya initially told him that in the Dark Era, a mage with a secondary skill like him would be considered a small hero, mainly because there were few professionals at that time.

Moreover, there were fewer mages, so there were fewer ways to counterattack. If it weren't for the gods' divine guidance, Zhou Xue could have used his secondary skill to hide, and the villagers would definitely worship him as a great being and offer sacrifices.

In the Dark Era, most of the gods' messengers were primitive ritualists who relied on offering sacrifices to seek power. They had not yet reached the level of mastery like the clergy of the later era.

Many remote tribes and villages even worshiped natural spirits as gods.

Zhou Xue was thinking about the fire element as he followed the map to the Morin Stele. Anniya had once told him to choose a third method and had provided a "Fire Element Brazier" magical equipment.

If he lit the brazier, it would be equivalent to casting the "Sixth-Degree Monster Summoning Technique" and summoning a massive fire element.

As an elemental being, the fire element was classified by its strength, with small, medium, large, super large, giant, and elder types. Above that was the legendary elemental king, a realm that only the most powerful elemental beings could reach.

As a warrior, Zhou Xue had always hated fire elements, not to mention fighting them, and killing them without any loot.
Here is the translation of the text:

As for whether the Fire God is the Elemental King, Zhao Xu is unclear.

He suddenly realized that he had traveled back in time to an era that was thousands of years old. He took a series of knowledge tests, but they all failed.

Zhao Xu chose only the simplest questions, but they still failed, as if he had disconnected from the source of knowledge.

This made him realize for the first time that he had actually traveled back in time.

The surroundings looked completely normal, and he almost thought he had been transported to a mysterious place.

Zhao Xu compared the map in his mind with the route on the letter and took a step-by-step journey into the deep mountains, which was also the direction where the villagers had retreated.

The map in his mind about the location of the Morlin Stone was completely blank, indicating that the spell had not been recreated. This was the reason why he couldn't find the location of the stone at the beginning, when he used the "Terrain Perception" spell to create the map.

As Zhao Xu ventured deeper, he felt that the air in front of him was extremely hot.

He was already covered by a "Tolerant Environment" spell that could adjust the temperature range of nearly a hundred degrees Celsius, but he still felt some discomfort.

He was walking on a rocky path in the mountains, where not only the rocks were scorching hot, but some dry leaves were even smoking.

Zhao Xu was also puzzled - why was there no forest fire in this mountain range, as if all the power had been sucked away.

After flipping over a large stone, he found that the original location of the creek had become a dry riverbed, with even the sediment at the bottom becoming hard and dry.

As he walked on the riverbed, the dry sediment cracked and broke apart.

What kind of environment were the villagers living in?
Zhao Xu couldn't help but think of this. Finally, when Zhao Xu was about to reach the stone monument on the map, he started to slow down his pace. Various inconsistencies made Zhao Xu feel a bad premonition. He glanced at his 18 HP life value and, being cautious, took out a bottle of ethanol and applied special markings on his body at several key points.

Then he began to chant the incantation of the second-level spell "False Life". After completing the spellcasting, the mental space suddenly released energy, and the ethanol on his body, which had not yet evaporated, suddenly seeped into his body.

Suddenly, an intangible life force burst forth. [Adventurer Zhong Xia, you have cast the False Life spell, gaining an additional 1D10 (1-10) + 4 (caster level) = 7 + 4 = 11 HP, lasting 4 hours.]

Zhao Xu's life value immediately increased from 18 HP to 29 HP. Just this ordinary second-level spell made his life value comparable to that of a warrior or barbarian of the same level.

After recovering some confidence, Zhao Xu also regained his composure, believing that life value is a person's courage. After passing through a pile of rubble, Zhao Xu's field of view suddenly opened up, revealing a nearly three-person-high, sharp-edged stone monument standing on a large open plain. The soil on the ground was still very new, indicating that it had just been overturned.

A man with a face painted with oil, wearing a string of animal bones and a thick woolen cloak, was kneeling in front of the stone monument, praying. Despite the air being filled with various sulfurous smells, the faint smell of blood could still be detected.
Here is the translation of the text:

Zhao Xu's expression turned grave as he gazed at the kneeling figure of the priest. "Where are the villagers?" he asked.

At this moment, he had no time to pay attention to the completely blank monument of Mo Lin.

The priest, however, stood up, his face marked by two massive scars on his cheekbones, giving off an eerie feeling. "Oh? It doesn't seem like the villagers from around here," the priest said in a cold and detached tone, looking at Zhao Xu like a butcher.

"It's strange. I remember that we sent someone to hunt down the fleeing villagers. How did you manage to get close here?" Zhao Xu's eyes narrowed slightly.

It turned out that the three people who had attacked him initially didn't just do so because he was a mage. They were cutting off the roots.

Zhao Xu couldn't help but look at the muddy ground in front of him. "It seems that you are a clever one. I remember that one of the villagers cried out his son's name just before he died. Could you be him?" The priest smiled lowly, "They are all very honored to rest in this underground tomb, and their glory returns to our master."

"Decree: Suffering."

Zhao Xu lifted his hand and chanted an incantation loudly towards the priest.

Instantly, a dark magical energy shot towards the priest and plunged into his body.

The priest quivered all over, and then spat out blood. However, he looked at Zhao Xu with a merciless expression, shouting, "Is this the only ability you have?"

Zhao Xu looked at him coldly.

After recording all the magic in the final scroll, he was no longer the novice who relied on magic missiles. Even the lowest-level first-grade spell could unleash the most powerful release.

Decree: Suffering, a level-one arcane spell that theoretically causes the maximum amount of damage.
Here is the translation of the text:

It only has an effect on living beings with a power of 100 HP or less, causing 1D6 (1-6) damage per round, similar to a normal arrow. However, it is strong in that it can continue for many rounds. The priest before us has a life value of no more than 50 HP, and will suffer 4D4 (4-16) rounds of damage.

Zhao Xu took a look at the dynamic information on his data and the result was 10 rounds. That is, even if the opponent can last for 10 rounds (1 minute), they will still suffer 10-60 HP of damage, with an expected value of 35 HP. For low-level characters, this amount of damage is almost fatal.

The priest felt a second wave of pain from within his body six seconds later. "You, evil wizard, what kind of magic are you casting?" he shouted.

He realized that the wizard before him was different from the ones he had encountered before, and he didn't understand why he had such powerful magic.

"You go ask your gods," Zhao Xu said.

"I curse you," the priest immediately took out a small knife and cut his palm, reciting a spell at Zhao Xu.

Suddenly, waves of heat attacked Zhao Xu, and the ashes on the ground began to rekindle.

【Your "Endure Environment" spell has failed, Adventurer Zong Xia.】

"You, great and mighty lord, your servant begs for your arrival," the priest suddenly shouted, cutting his arm with a knife and trying to increase the power of the sacrifice.

Suddenly, the calm underground erupted in a massive burst of flames.

Finally, a giant fire elemental emerged from the flames, looked down at the priest on his knees, and ordered, "Remember to bring me more sacrifices."
Here is the translation of the text:

The priest hurriedly knelt down and said, "I will definitely offer again, definitely!"

After receiving a response, the enormous fire elemental turned its head to look at Zhao Xu, with a haughty expression, "Is it you, a tiny insect, disturbing my peace?"

Zhao Xu couldn't help but lift his head and gaze at the nearly 10-meter-tall enormous fire elemental, which was already taller than most of the ancient trees in the deep mountains.

This level 7 life form with an average HP of 133 was indeed not something that a level 3 mage like Zhao Xu could handle.

This enormous fire elemental came from the Fire Elemental Plane, and was the oldest and most genuine being in the plane.

When they arrived in Aether, they naturally became interdimensional beings.

Just like Zhao Xu, an Earthling who came to Aether, was classified as an interdimensional being.

It was because, even if demons appeared, they were all interdimensional beings in Aether.

All beings from other dimensions would be bound by the power of the main material plane of Aether.

Zhao Xu grasped the protective staff in his hand and said to the enormous fire elemental in front of him, "Leave!"

Banish spell!