
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 165: Invocation Ritual

Listening to the old wizard's words, Zhao Xiu had a hard time believing them, and he turned around to scan the thousands of bookshelves.

"This is a bit too much, isn't it?" Zhao Xiu said.

It would take just one bookshelf to walk past, taking a glance at the book titles, and he wouldn't be able to finish in one afternoon. Not to mention finding the book that led to the "Legendary Library" among them.

This was completely absurd.

After Zhao Xiu spoke, the old wizard, who was already frail and unable to move, just lowered his head to reminisce, "Every first-time wizard who arrives here has had such thoughts."

"However, unless you can prove your potential, why should the association allow you to access the Legendary Library?"

At this point, Zhao Xiu was no longer probing, and he was fully focused on thinking about the old wizard's every word.

"That's what I want to ask, what is this Legendary Library really like?"

"It possesses many ancient and secret knowledge and secrets of this world," the old wizard replied.

"Go straight to find it. If you can't find it within three hours, it means you're not meant to have this chance, and you can take the elevator back on your own."

The old wizard couldn't help but cough a few times.

Zhao Xiu was clear that there must be a shortcut.

At this point, Zhao Xiu also started to take this layer of bookshelves seriously. He no longer focused on each book on the bookshelf, but instead started to look at each bookshelf one by one.
Here is the translation of the text:

After reaching the back of the bookshelf, Zhao Xiu discovered that the theme of the books was no longer the original and evil rituals. Instead, books on various topics such as "God and Divinity", "Theology of Gods", "The Three Magical Crises", and "The Poem of the Giant Dragon" began to appear.

Zhao Xiu also realized that this abandoned library's books were not just limited to forbidden and evil elements, but were diverse and varied.

As Zhao Xiu looked at the book titles, he felt a bit puzzled. Some book titles seemed outdated, and he wondered how the old-timers could say that most of the books were outdated.

After Zhao Xiu walked about one-third of the bookshelf, he found that the books on this level corresponded to the knowledge and skills of over ten types.

Moreover, the books on this level looked more advanced and practical.

As Zhao Xiu continued to explore the bookshelves, the old wizard gazed at him with piercing eyes, as if scrutinizing him.

Zhao Xiu spent two hours struggling to browse through the nearly thousand books on this level, which was stacked almost to the ceiling.

However, during the process, Zhao Xiu noticed something: there was a book on the goddess's teachings in the collection.

Although Zhao Xiu was not very proficient as a 1st-level priest, he still had some basic skills, and he had also read the teachings of the goddess.

The style of that book was unmistakable, and it was not a version published by the church currently or in the past.

However, the holy symbol on the book was the latest, which was the symbol used by the goddess Sisilvina when she was ordained as a priestess three years ago.

Therefore, Zhao Xiu was certain that the history of that book would not exceed three years.
Here is the translation of the text:

According to the principles of the church of the magical goddess, they would not cast spells to change the holy symbols on all the books automatically. They consider such an act as a betrayal of history.

Therefore, Zhao Xu is certain that the book was placed here no more than three years ago. This is contrary to the thick layer of dust on the books.

Zhao Xu stood by the wall, with his hands behind his back, surveying the entire library. The old wizard was standing at the other end, wiping his glasses.

Suddenly, an idea flashed through Zhao Xu's mind.

He realized that the old wizard had said that most of the books in this library were invalid.

This sentence might contain a hidden trap.

Although Zhao Xu didn't check carefully, he already knew that there were many books introducing rituals here.

Rituals, strictly speaking, are a more primitive form of magic. They can be performed by non-magicians and don't require any magical positions or prior preparation. Even the number of rituals performed daily has no limit.

The only trouble is that the time required for each ritual is very long, and it's even more complicated to perform them at a specific time.

The "Awakened Ability" and "Wise Heart" abilities that Anzhiya once gave to Zhao Xu are also achieved through rituals.

The necklace with the "Level +1" magic wielder's ability that Wang Qingwei possesses is also created through rituals.

The old wizard's false statement means that the rituals here are effective.

"I want a catalog of all the books in the library," Zhao Xu shouted loudly at the old wizard.

The old wizard didn't say much after hearing Zhao Xu's words and simply pointed to the back of Zhao Xu.

When Zhao Xu turned around, he found that the wall at the end of the abandoned library was starting to appear with book titles.
Here is the translation of the text:

At the same time, the book titles stretched out lines, pointing to a common bookshelf number. "The entrance to the legendary library," Zhao Xu said with a gambler's heart.

However, the book titles didn't budge, simply continuing to pop up new titles, making the entire wall look cramped.

He was indeed expecting too much.

"Summoning ritual," Zhao Xu whispered again.

Suddenly, the lines of characters on the wall, resembling watercolor paintings, were shattered and then reassembled one by one.

The book title "One Hundred and Forty-Four Rituals of Summoning and Seeking" flashed before Zhao Xu's eyes.

He jotted down the number and walked straight to the bookshelf to retrieve the book.

At the same time, Zhao Xu pulled out the key hanging from his belt and inserted it into the lock, unlocking it all smoothly and without any delay.

He didn't feel any unusual sensations emanating from the book, so he began to flip through it carefully.

However, this was an open-edition book, resembling an album, with extremely few illustrations and dense text.

If Zhao Xu wanted to perform the ritual, he couldn't afford to spend more time reading this book.

He had to search for the ritual he needed from this book without a table of contents.

After a moment's thought, Zhao Xu smiled and thought to himself that someone else might be unable to do it, but he just happened to have mastered too many spells.

One of his spells was "Scholar's Touch".

This spell allowed the practitioner to roughly read an entire book from cover to cover, but it didn't reach the level of thorough reading and couldn't be used on some special magical books.

Therefore, this spell was not very commonly used by practitioners.
Here is the translation of the text:

However, Zhao Xu only needs to know where to find the ritual in the book, and this spell is enough. Thinking about this, Zhao Xu immediately took out the ritual tools "thin crystal disk" and " sheepskin paper" from his backpack. However, he frowned when he thought about the "fireball" material.

When entering the academic library, even with various fire prevention measures in place, everyone is required to store flammable items. Zhao Xu stored his fireball and other flammable items in the cabinet.

Now, if Zhao Xu goes back to the first floor to retrieve the ritual materials, he cannot guarantee that he can still come back to this floor. The text on the sheepskin paper given to him by Anshenija has already disappeared.

If Zhao Xu masters the "supernatural spell" of the "Cursed Sorcerer", he can dispel the spell without materials. Even if he has a specialization in "spellcasting without materials", he can dispense with these materials worth less than 1 GP.

Thinking about this, Zhao Xu looked at the potential points. He could simulate the specialization by consuming 1 potential point.

However, Zhao Xu had even more options. He suddenly waved his hand, and a piece of fireball material appeared in mid-air and floated onto his hand.

The first-level spell "Summon Ritual Materials" can summon inexpensive ritual materials to avoid the predicament of not having ritual materials. Zhao Xu never thought that he would be able to use this spell after preparing the ritual materials package.
After completing these tasks, Zhao Xu immediately used the summoned magical materials to cast the "Scholar's Touch" spell.

As he touched the ancient tome, the contents of the book suddenly flashed before his mind like a movie. He then directly opened the 312th page of "One Hundred and Forty-Four Rituals for Summoning and Enlisting Items" and began reading the 39th ritual.

Realizing time was urgent, Zhao Xu quickly found a vacant area and began drawing mysterious symbols with the charcoal stick in his hand. In total, he drew 67 symbols before sketching a star chart. Then, using the tome as a medium, he began chanting an incantation.

Compared to the spellcasting time of under 6 seconds, the chanting time for this ritual was a whopping 45 minutes.

Zhao Xu was already racing against the clock, his eyes fixed on the old wizard who was nodding silently without saying a word.

Just as the last minute was ticking away, Zhao Xu finished reciting the final incantation of the ritual. Suddenly, a powerful mysterious energy was infused into his body from the void.

Zhao Xu let out a loud cry: "Find the 'Legendary Library' book!"

Instantly, a beam of white light burst forth from the tip of his finger. Zhao Xu realized that the light was pointing to the location of the book. He quickly followed the light and discovered that it was directly pointing at the old wizard in front of him.

It turned out that the embodiment of the Legendary Library was the old wizard himself.

At this moment, the old wizard had turned around and slowly looked up at the shelves of books, saying, "The current Legendary Library is actually just a temporal fragment."
Here is the translation:

"It is said that the 'Legend Library' was originally founded by the second-generation magic goddess, who attempted to gather all the world's knowledge and secrets within it. However, it was unfortunately destroyed in the divine war later on.

After that, the third-generation magic goddess sympathized with the 'Legend Library's' hardships and had also gained numerous knowledge from it in the past. Therefore, she used her divine power to restore it.

Mageria, I hereby make a contract with you. From now on, you can visit the 'Legend Library' once a week. However, you must swear not to reveal the secrets within. Are you willing?"

The old man, who is the embodiment of the 'Legend Library's' will, looked at Zhao Xu as he spoke.