
Chapter 181: The Strongest Perception of Position

Zhaoxu heard and knew that Lei'an wasn't just curious, but also wanted to judge his own thoughts.

In fact, it was only because he had recently expanded his knowledge that he was able to clarify his thoughts.

At this time, Zhaoxu also needed Lei'an to verify his judgment. He handed his notebook to Lei'an in front of him.

The notebook was no longer messy, as if it had become a flat panel controlled by Zhaoxu, with only three lines of warnings left by Andy's ancestor on it.

Just at the beginning, Zhaoxu had already told the pastor who led the head about his recent experiences, including the origin of this diary.

Looking at the sacred emblem on Zhaoxu's chest, the "Rose Cross" pastor didn't dare to say anything about confiscating it.

However, he did help Zhaoxu with a test to confirm that it was not a demonic item and then returned it to him.

"You're saying that Andy's ancestor met a demon in the tomb and was possessed?" Lei'an asked, following Zhaoxu's line of thought.

However, Zhaoxu shook his head, "It was Andy's ancestor who found the problem of his own bloodline in the tomb."

"Or he had already realized that his bloodline would bring calamity, so he warned in the notebook."

At this time, Lei'an's eyebrows slightly furrowed, "What do you mean?"

"'If not necessary, do not add substance,'" Zhaoxu said.

"Why couldn't Andy's ancestor just say something straightforward instead of writing a few words in a notebook and leaving a note, even failing to say the three sentences directly in the notebook?"
Here is the translation of the text:

Zhao Xū's eyes met Lei ān's as he said, "This means that the other party is not in control of their actions."

"Kid, you're not just increasing your knowledge, you're increasing your IQ," Lei ān said, approaching Zhao Xū and staring at his head.

Zhao Xū didn't bother to respond to Lei ān's joke, relying on his magical equipment to handle situations he was familiar with. However, when he was in a weak position, intelligence was an even more powerful weapon for a mage than magical equipment.

"So the only explanation is that Andy's ancestor discovered that their bloodline contained a demon that could awaken at any moment," Zhao Xū sighed. "He was even afraid of that demon and didn't dare to leave any obvious warnings."

Unfortunately, he hadn't noticed the notebook at the moment he first saw it, otherwise this tragedy would not have occurred.

"The Floating City has something that can see through shape-shifting, bloodline factors, and so on. I estimate that the tomb also has something like that. Andy's ancestor looked at something similar and saw a demon's face, so he naturally reacted that way."

"So I suspect that Andy's reaction at the time was not due to the demon disguising itself. It's because the demon inside his body was in a dormant stage but had already changed his state and memory. That's why Andy said it was a ritual from the stone tablet."

"Only after getting away from the ritual did the demon that gained power from the ritual reveal its true face and occupy Andy's body."
At this moment, Zhao Xu slightly bent down and picked up a stone that had just been stained with fresh blood on the ground, saying, "I've confirmed the ritual through investigation, and it's indeed a ritual to summon extraterrestrial beings. However, if someone like Andy, who has demonic bloodline, performs it, the established portal will also transmit the power of demons, allowing the demonic factor in their bloodline to be strengthened, and demons will awaken."

At this time, Lei An couldn't help but look at Zhao Xu in surprise, as most people would speculate that the ritual was actually summoning demons, and demons would then occupy Andy's body.

Unexpectedly, Zhao Xu continued to insist that the ritual was only summoning extraterrestrial beings.

"Just received a notification that all members of the Andy family have been monitored. It has been proven that their bloodline is indeed demonic bloodline. I learned this from someone else's actions and information. What about you? You're so accurate in your guesses," Lei An said with a hint of sarcasm.

Zhao Xu shook his head, "As I've told you before, the ancient ancestors of the Andy family have recorded many useless rituals in that small book, showing their interest in mysticism. However, there's no content about magic in it. Therefore, I suspect that they themselves are not brave enough to become wizards."

Wizards are accustomed to interacting with extraterrestrial beings due to their own magical abilities. However, those with demonic bloodlines also have a much higher risk.

"Let's just leave you to stay in this predicament for a while, and your brain will have to turn over and over," Lei An joked.

"What do you plan to do next?" Lei An continued to probe.

"Of course, we'll dig up that demon," Zhao Xu said seriously, his demeanor completely different from before.

He wanted to summon Lei An for one purpose: to eliminate the danger once and for all.
Here is the translation of the text:

As Lei An revealed a listening expression, Zhao Xu continued to analyze, "This kind of demon that preserves the order of evil, tends to use deceitful contracts to capture the souls of its prey, and this direct slaughter is more like the method of an evil spirit."
"This also means that the demon is in a hurry, it urgently needs to obtain power through slaughter."

At this moment, Zhao Xu turned around, looking in the direction of Mistral, "It can only mean that the demon has given up its plan to retreat to Mistral and is instead tearing its face apart, indicating a possible scenario."
"There must be a place nearby where it can develop its power."

Suddenly, a faint breeze blew in the night, causing the air to clear of the subtle scent of blood that had been lingering, and the surface of the small creek began to ripple with waves.

The elderly priest in a high-collared blue robe walked over and bowed to Lei An, saying, "Lei An, this Mr. Zhou is not only a master analyst but also a priest. I think it's a good idea to absorb him into our 'Rose Cross' organization."
Lei An's eyes lit up, and he nodded to Zhao Xu, saying, "Do you want to join our team of demon-hunting and justice-bringing warriors? I think you're the kind of person who takes every situation seriously. You can join us, and I'll make sure you're serious every day."

However, the elderly priest looked embarrassed, as if he had said something ridiculous.

"Okay," Zhao Xu said, uninterested.

What he wanted to do now was to kill the demon.

"Then I'll cast a spell," Lei An said, holding the book of Zhou's Magical Notes that Zhao Xu had given him.

Zhao Xu nodded, "It's definitely without a 'soul shield', and we can absolutely capture its real location using the 'Sense Location' spell."
Here is the translation of the text:

Lai An sneered and said, "I hope it's at least as powerful as a deep hellfire magic, not something as trivial as a 20th-level challenge. My 8th-level spell would be useless if it's just this kind of devilish thing."

"Sense Position" is one of the strongest spells to determine the location of a living being or object. As long as the caster has seen the target being or has something that has been in contact with the target, they can use this spell.

After casting the spell, the caster can sense the target's location, unless the target has the same 8th-level spell "Mind Shield" or is using divine power to interfere.

In the world of magic, the Control faction is renowned for its ability to subtly influence people's attitudes, all the way up to direct control of one's mind and memory modification. However, spells from this faction, just like the "Truth-Telling" spell, are all vulnerable to the 8th-level spell "Mind Shield".

At this moment, Lai An began to chant the incantation to cast the "Sense Position" spell, which normally takes 10 minutes to complete. However, Lai An used the special ability "Selective Spellcasting" from the "Spell Guardian" to complete the spell in just one round.

As soon as Lai An finished casting the spell, he furrowed his brow. Zhao Xu was taken aback and thought to himself, "Why didn't we use the 5th-level spell 'Divination' to search for the devil's location? It's because 'Divination' is easily blocked by spells, so we used 'Sense Position' instead. But it seems to have failed this time?"

Lai An shook his head and said, "This is really weird. After this spellbook became yours, it lost its connection to Andy, and since the target is now a devil, the relationship between the previous life form has been reduced. So, this object is useless."
Here is the translation of the text:

At this time, Zhao Xu gazed at the ground, and the goat that was just wrapped up had disappeared, clearly taken away by that demon.

Since it's like that, there's only one other way to do it.

They need to send someone back to find the things Andy used to use, but there's a problem with that demon.

Just then, Zhao Xu looked at Lei An and said, "Use the ninth-level spell 'Visual Reversal'."

Lei An looked at Zhao Xu with a shocked expression and said, "You're being too weird, don't you know that I just happen to have mastered this spell?"

"You're saying that as someone who's responsible for investigating and capturing, but you haven't mastered this spell? That's really strange," Zhao Xu retorted.

"Visual Reversal" is a ninth-level spell for mages, but also a sixth-level spell for bards, so Zhao Xu was able to cast it by the time he was 12 levels old.

The spell is divided into different scales, such as sky, month, year, and century, and with "heaven" as the level of precision, it can clearly show what happened in this area and the specific conversation content.

So, it can be used to see if the other party maintained Andy's form after the slaughter or had already transformed into a demon.

This also satisfies the condition of the "Sense Location" spell, which is to have seen the other party.

Just then, Lei An continued to use his "Selective Ability" and spent some time casting the "Visual Reversal" spell.

Suddenly, the scene of the previous slaughter was displayed before Zhao Xu and the others.