
Chapter 256: Nine-Ring Divine Art

On the battlefield of the Star Lake, all players looked on in wonder as a divine temple materialized in mid-air. They then glanced at the dynamic bar, as if they had understood something.

"Come on, this is an official gift to us, so let's not be foolish. We'll just use five revival stones, and if we die, we can always register again. It won't take long to level up again."

"We're going to take a bite out of those evil mine owners, and we won't forget the innocent souls of the girls who were killed under this land."

As a barbarian warrior who had led a small team into battle saw this scene, he shouted out.

The sudden change in the situation made him feel a sense of unease, and his finely crafted, oversized sword in his hand felt lighter.

As he thought about the possibilities of turning the tables, he didn't think of anything that would change the situation.

But what he didn't expect was that the possibility with the smallest chance of happening would actually occur.

At the same time, Zhao Xu, who had summoned a temporary divine temple, had exhausted all of his accumulated energy.

After some hesitation, he decided not to use his legendary death-dealing staff.

This staff, which still had more than 30 charges left, would only consume 1 energy for the "Summoning Higher Spirits" spell. The other spells, such as "Death's Finger," "Death Staff," and "Binding Soul," would consume 2 energy each.

Zhao Xu would not use this staff while in sync with the "Fiery Divine Servant."

After this period of synchronization ended, this legendary staff would become the strongest force in the current situation if it was intact.

If this staff was in good condition, it would sell for a staggering 150,000 gold coins.
Here is the translation of the text:

Even if there are only thirty or so shots left, the total price of this staff is worth over a hundred thousand gold coins. This is because the soul-binding technique and death-touch technique are both equivalent to level 16 magic spells after being upgraded by "Magic Upgrading". The magic slots after the ninth circle can be obtained through legendary skills, but there is no corresponding magic spell that can be used, and it can only be used to enhance magic spells of level nine or below. Besides increasing the difficulty of magic spells, "Magic Upgrading" mainly serves as an anti-demon technique against "Invalid Boundary". 

However, Zhao Xu is also worried that those players have a deep grudge against him, and he will use the legendary "Death Soul Staff" that costs over 30,000 gold coins to defeat the opponent. All he wants is to seal the opponent's account. 

Once he uses the soul-binding technique on the opponent's corpse, according to the effect of the technique, the opponent will appear at the top gem of this staff every time they log in. They can only see a dark scene and do nothing, and those who don't know might think they are stuck in a bug. 

No matter how quickly Zhao Xu's attention is diverted by the players who are desperately fighting in front of him. They are now rushing towards the fallen star town where he once lived, fueled by their indignation. 

This reminds him of his own experience in the demon war, where he fought to the death to protect his hometown and the demons. 

"Are you a god?" the player who was just revived by Zhao Xu's healing, with a look of incredulity, staring at the scene unfolding before him. 

Just this one sentence has summoned the gods? Is it just to let the players revive nearby?
Here is the translation of the text:

He suddenly remembered the post on the forum, where someone claimed to have seen the avatar of God and was resurrected by a spell. At the time, he had scoffed at such nonsense. But now, he thought it was a completely true experience.

Zhao Xu didn't respond, but instead continued walking forward. The wanderer could only stare blankly as Zhao Xu's figure slowly disappeared from view. Meanwhile, countless arrows shot by the archers were bounced back by Zhao Xu and killed them one by one.

The wanderer suddenly made up his mind to post his experience on the forum, and he wanted to buy traffic with forum coins. He looked up at the sky, where the temple was faintly visible, and thought that his faith might need to be adjusted.

At this moment, Lakshmi reminded Zhao Xu, "Change your strategy, sir."

"Hmm?" Zhao Xu was a bit confused.

Lakshmi had just fully merged her giant scythe into her body.

According to her, the next step was to derive the teleportation portal, and Zhao Xu didn't need to pay too much attention to other things.

So Zhao Xu decided to give it his all and directly attack the points that posed the greatest threat to the players.

"Lord, can you win this battle alone?" Lakshmi said.

"What about the next battle? Can you win it alone?" Zhao Xu heard these words and saw a player being killed by a wild guard with a giant axe in front of him.
Here is the translation of the text:

As for the next step, the player can directly revive in the rear area without needing to go all the way to Starfall Lake, and even on the road now, there are many teams of assassin players in action.

"I think I'll just let everyone get killed without even drawing their swords," Zhao Xuan said, looking at the archer team in the distance.

The kind of attack wave that has been trained collectively to shoot arrows is like having control over the battlefield in this area without any airships.

Unless someone like Zhao Xuan has a magic shield to avoid arrows, it's basically impossible to move an inch on this battlefield.

The player's greatest advantage is that they have many people who can cluster together to attack, but right now they're being suppressed by the arrow wave.

Especially those with low health, it's hard to last even an hour on this battlefield.

"Hey, master, you'd better pay attention and not do everything yourself," Laksis suddenly said.

But Zhao Xuan had already stopped thinking about this.

He directly looked at the front, where there were over a hundred archers, and he knew that they were the official troops of the Northern Alliance.

The mine owners in Starfall Town couldn't possibly mobilize an archer team in a few days. This kind of thing is usually used for guarding and is a waste of resources.

He was about 400-500 meters away from those archers, which wasn't too far away, or else the opponents' projectiles wouldn't be able to hit this area.

Zhao Xuan's eyes were icy cold as he raised his hand and looked ahead, saying lightly, "Revenge Storm."

For ordinary soldiers, he didn't need to consider efficiency or practicality.

For him, the "effect" and "intimidation" of high-level magic were more useful.

"What about the sun?"
Here is the translation of the text:

At this moment, a warrior in the archer team looked puzzled, saying that although they had just seen the mysterious appearance of the temple, but the team leader said that this was just an illusion created by players, so there was no need to panic.

However, at this time, the originally good lighting in the afternoon suddenly became dark. The archer couldn't help but lift his head, and then his entire body fell into a state of numbness.

Above them, a massive black storm cloud appeared, with a diameter of over 100 meters and an area of a football field. Visible lightning and thunder rumbled through the air. "Boom, boom!"

A thunderous voice echoed, like a hammer striking. Suddenly, over 100 archers from the team fell to the ground, covering their ears in discomfort.

"What's going on? I can't hear anything!" someone exclaimed.

"It's really loud! My ears are ringing!" another person said.

"Is it magic? How strong is it?" someone else asked.

At this time, the team leader had already noticed the dark clouds in the sky, but he was also affected by the loud noise and didn't notice the drums signaling them to retreat in front of him.

Or he didn't notice the flags and drums at all.

At this point, several of his team members had completely lost their hearing and couldn't hear his orders.

Immediately afterwards, the storm cloud suddenly lost its restraints and poured down a heavy rain.

This scene appeared on the battlefield under the scorching sun, looking strange and eerie, with the ground already burning hot and unbearable just a few meters away from the black cloud. "Ah, it hurts so much!"
Suddenly, an archer yelled, "The acid rain is here!" He was wearing half-armor, which provided decent protection, but it was no match for the acid rain pouring down. The acid flowed down his neck and into his body, causing his skin to rot and decay, and he let out a pained scream.

However, he was not the only one. All the archers began to cry out in agony. "Run, it's the acid rain!" some quick-witted individuals shouted, but their voices were drowned out by the constant buzzing noise.

The team leader, meanwhile, had already forgotten about the two or three female slaves he had been given by the mine owner. He hastily mounted his horse and began to flee. He had already realized that this was not just a simple spell.

Many of the archers had already reacted by trying to run out of the range of the black thunderclouds, but the area covered by the clouds was over 30,000 square meters, which was impossible to escape in time. Even the 400-meter running track on Earth would not be enough.

The team leader, who had already reached the edge of the cloud, was filled with excitement and felt like he was about to escape, but he didn't notice. The time for the spell had already reached its third round.

Suddenly, a massive lightning bolt, thick enough to be grasped by three to five people, struck the team leader's body. An enormous cloud of smoke burst forth, and the originally wet ground exploded into a massive crater. The team leader, wearing full armor, was reduced to a blackened, charred corpse, with lightning bolts constantly flashing around him, clearly killed by the 10D6 lightning.

At the same time, four lightning bolts fell from the edge of the thundercloud, forcing the archers to retreat. Zhao Xiu shook his head, looking at the team of archers, but his killing intent did not decrease.
Here is the translation of the text:

The person who had read the record scrolls knew that the mine owners had opened the Starfall Town to accommodate the distant archers, allowing them to wreak havoc for three days, causing hardship to the original residents.

"That's enough," he said to himself, gazing at the thunderclouds.

The "Revenge Storm" could have lasted for ten rounds, but the next fourth round was almost impossible for anyone to survive.

Suddenly, hailstones fell from the thunderclouds, one by one, like stones, pounding the land heavily.

The hailstones were as blunt as a tool, slowly causing the archers to fall to the ground, their brains bleeding.

At the same time, the acid rain did not stop, and the battlefield was filled with the scent of death.

In the end, the "hail storm" inflicted the same death upon the archers as if they had been struck by a fireball.

The players, who had been killing with arrows, were ultimately mocked by fate and crushed by the hail.

Over the next five rounds, each round consisted of 1-6 acid rain damage and 18 HP damage from the hail blunt attack, which would continue to shrink the field of vision.

After looking at the last archer who had just been crushed, Zhao Xuan finally terminated the spell.

"Lord, after this battle, the player's corpse is of no consequence, but the corpses of the Arthus residents, if not handled immediately, may spread the plague here," Lark said, reminding Zhao Xuan of the group he had just defeated with a "Nine-Ring" spell.

Zhao Xuan looked at the battlefield outside the thunderclouds, which was not cold, and considered the Starfall Lake, the main water source, nearby.

Zhao Xuan shook his head, "Will it be okay in winter?"

As he said this, he raised his hand again, gazing at the battlefield.
Here is the translation:

Many players looked at Zhao Xu's spellcasting and realized he was the one who had killed over a hundred archers with his magical powers. As he raised his hand again, the players couldn't help but feel anticipation and curiosity, wondering which enemies Zhao Xu would take down next. However, Zhao Xu's thoughts were actually quite simple - he was just focusing on his own angle. It's too hot and the corpses will rot, causing epidemics. If the weather is cold, it won't happen. Since that's the case, why not bring on winter early? At this point, players saw the "Fimbulfency Winter" spell for the first time, which would trigger a wave of popularity for the Priest profession.