
Chapter 266: Inheritor

After the player successfully broke through, Zhao Xu had already completed the spell and returned to the Floating City.

At this moment, Altoria also finally emerged from his body and returned directly to the God's Nation, without any hesitation.

Zhao Xu felt a bit awkward using Altoria for free for several days.

Later, he followed the procedure and registered at the Oath Gate in Mistral, applying to use the teleportation portal to the Floating City.

By the time he reached the 7th floor of the Tower of the Floating City, half an hour had passed.

However, Anniya was currently sitting at her desk, flipping through a thick and heavy tome.

Zhao Xu struggled to recognize the illustration on the cover of the magical tome, which depicted a prison-like design. He finally discovered that the book title, "Half-Plane of Divine Power", had been torn into five pieces.

"Teacher, the 'Half-Plane' in the 'Carrion Beast's Pit' has gone wrong?" Zhao Xu quickly sensed this point.

At this moment, Anniya slightly lifted her head, looked at Zhao Xu, and then continued to lower her head and read, "You've got a new opportunity? Upgrading and reacting are quite fast. As a 5th-level mage in just two months, you're doing quite well in the annals of King Arthur."

"However, you did narrowly escape disaster."

Anniya indirectly confirmed Zhao Xu's words, saying, "The tunnel I originally arranged for you to go through is one of the most difficult routes to enter the Half-Plane. No matter which key is used, it requires a strict ceremony to find the teleportation portal."

"You would have failed anyway. There aren't many who can pass through smoothly. Try again next year. Ah, but the issue may not be resolved by then either."
Here is the translation of the text:

After listening to the situation, Zhao Xu knew that the other half of the god's situation was extremely serious and thought about his two friends who were still inside.

He couldn't help but ask, "Are Viola and Esvein still not out?"

In fact, Zhao Xu had been very busy for the past few days, so he hadn't chatted much. However, he noticed that the two women hadn't appeared online for a long time.

"Not wrong. The other half of the world has been affected by the mysterious spirits that intruded. Not only are the two female players trapped inside, but even their revival points have been locked in that half of the world. Even if they died, they could only continue the challenge."

"So, you, who haven't found a way to enter through the portal, can be considered lucky. From now on, the association will seal off that place and won't open it again for at least a year and a half."

"Besides, you're already 5th level. Let's try a new trick. We can use the reverse summoning ritual to enter the 'Final Scroll' space and then you can record those three-ring spells."

Zhao Xu naturally accepted Anita's permission, but his attention was still attracted to the magical tome that Anita was reading in her hand.

Did this mean that the other half of the world had become a formidable existence that even legendary wizards like Anita had to face?

"Teacher, the emergency rescue personnel who died as well?" Zhao Xu asked.

It was likely that the other half of the world had already been affected, as about 80% of the people who had died once before had already been revived.

This half of the world had deliberately left room for emergency personnel, but considering that Wang Qingwei and others were also in trouble, the association's selection of personnel was likely to be very difficult.
Here is the translation of the text:

At this moment, Anniya's fingers paused for a moment as she was about to turn the page, "How did you come up with such a speculation?" 

"Velvet is a lock-in candidate for 'leadership' among the top thousand, and Esvear is also a focus of attention for the organization. They two can acquire the 'steel will' specialization at the initial stage, and their importance is unlikely to be low in the association's evaluation system."

Zhou Xiu knew that the association would evaluate new apprentices in several aspects, including importance, health, and potential.

In the end, they would filter out a level-based evaluation table, which was also the basis for the association's allocation of resources to each new apprentice.

"Just like that, it's still taking so long to come out, and combined with the keyword 'Death God', it's likely that the 'rescue' mobile position has been consumed."

"Only after paying a huge price without gaining anything will the mentor be able to rest assured here and not go straight to find someone."

Zhou Xiu analyzed silently.

Anniya, a legendary mage with a thousand-year accumulation, was able to rest assured here, preparing to turn the page, which meant that the situation was not simple.

For them, the magic on their bodies had already been enough to face any difficult situation.

"Yes, you're right," Anniya lightly stroked her hair, "the half-face, it seems, has a new owner. And now, it continues to exert the power of the former rules to the extreme."

"What doesn't happen in five?" Zhou Xiu immediately asked.

He had already had a bad guess.
Here is the translation of the text:

"It's not a mistake, but anyone above level 5 who enters will be punished. Originally, this rule only applied to the most core area, but it has now spread to the entire semi-plane. The two high-ranking mages who were initially responsible for the rescue mission were killed inside, and even their souls did not return."

"This is also the reason why the association cannot rescue those two female players."

"Even items with a level above 5 that cast magic will be restricted?"

Zhao Xu immediately focused on this loophole.

Anniya looked at Zhao Xu with a deep gaze and nodded, "That's right. You're doing well, and you're looking for shortcuts."

However, Zhao Xu showed no sign of joy at Anniya's praise.

This is a major problem.

The souls of the deceased high-ranking mages are being suppressed, indicating that all backup revival methods have failed, as revival would also occur in the semi-plane.

The restriction on magic items with a level above 5 also suggests that Wen Qingwei and Aiswich have been affected by this restriction.

As for the magic items on Zhao Xu's body, none of them lack a level 10 mage's level.

This means that if he enters, his magic items, from the Starseeker Cloak to the Teleport Boots, will all be suppressed.

Otherwise, the Mage Association could potentially arm a level 5 mage to be even more terrifying than a Ringmaster.

Even he knows and can implement the " synchronization" technique to temporarily obtain a Ringmaster's magic.

The Association's abilities in this regard will only become more abundant, and it's up to whether they can bear the cost.

"Master, we can try," Laks suddenly said. "I think the semi-plane is controlled by the artificial God of Death that I set free. If you accidentally enter, I'll negotiate with it and create a gap for us to pass through."

Laks said.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Since the rules have become more vivid, it means that the fragments of the God of Death are more conspicuous. So, we can't even get our hands on it," Lark said.

Zhao Xu couldn't help but ask Lark, "Originally, the artificial God of Death infiltrated and took action stealthily, which was the best strategy. But now that it's causing a commotion, doesn't it mean that the other side doesn't have the means to take the fragments quietly? Are you sure we can take the fragments?"

At this point, Zhao Xu was no longer driven solely by self-interest. He had a mental gauge that weighed the pros and cons, risks, and gains.

"Ha ha, master, you can't hide it, but I can. Although the God of Death is very dangerous, we can use it to create a new cult and start secretly developing new teachings. Don't you think that pretending to be weak and distributing God's magic is cool?" Lark continued to tempt Zhao Xu.

"You want to think about your miraculous skills?" Lark said, continuing to raise the stakes.

"I'm not having fun, I'm worried I'll lose my life," Zhao Xu said, looking at Anis Noa, but then he looked back at Lark.

"If the Council needs a 5th-level mage to search for them, I'll volunteer," Zhao Xu said.

"Hmph, hypocrite, fake master," Lark directly ridiculed Zhao Xu, who was talking about the risks while still volunteering.

At this moment, Anis Noa was looking at Zhao Xu with admiration.

For her, Zhao Xu knew that even if he had to sacrifice all five resurrection stones, he still had the courage to propose such a suggestion, which was indeed rare.

Throughout the centuries, the Council has had too many people who mouthed that they would give up their lives for the Council, but actually ran away at the first sign of danger.
Here is the translation of the text:

Unknown to everyone, all previous actions were taken into consideration.

"It's fine, if you can cast the three-ring spell before tomorrow morning, I'll let you in," he said.

As he spoke, Anzhiya still showed a worried expression and added, "If you really get trapped inside, just wait quietly and don't use up all five revival stones."

However, Zhao Xu suddenly sensed something was off, "Teacher, the opponent's intention is to kill me, so it's not within my range of control."

"Don't worry, it will at most kill you once. It's a corresponding price for your intrusion. This is just a manifestation of the rule, after all, no more than five."

"However, it's also uncertain if you give up and let the opponent kill you again. In that case, you can say that you are Anzhiya's only disciple."

"Furthermore, he is the inheritor of the 'Final Scroll'."