
Chapter 355 Stink Cloud Technique
Zheng Xinyun saw the scene of the cavalry leader shouting at them, and then looked further to see the more elite cavalry coming to their aid.
She looked at Zhao Xu and asked tentatively, "Captain, how do they look?"
Zhao Xu nodded, "Yes, they're here to kill and silence."
He didn't expect that he had thought too kindly of the eldest son of the Purple Wisteria Chamber of Commerce.
The leader who was sent out to command the troops would not easily let his emotions get the best of him.
Especially in the border of Misterla, people with strong backgrounds could appear at any time.
The cavalry leader seemed to want to provoke them by appearing reckless and wanting to start a fight.
But the real reason was that he didn't want the news of "Webster, the second son of Eber, being abducted by his half-brother Harry's men" to leak out.
The intentions behind this were clear, and it wouldn't be surprising if tomorrow news of the second son Webster dying on the road spread.
He even suspected that the reason there were so few people on the road today was suspicious.
At this point, Zhao Xu's expression became indifferent, and he sarcastically said to the cavalry leader, "What a good elder brother you are."
When the cavalry leader Rupert, who had originally surrounded the carriage, heard this, his expression changed and he knew that Zhao Xu had seen through their intentions, and the urge to kill rose in his heart.
Although they had just exchanged many words with the carriage owner Mrs. Betty and the escort leader Chuck, the fact that the other party could see through them at a glance meant that they were completely insiders, and this meant that a breach had appeared in the net they had worked so hard to set up today.
Here is the translation of the text:

As soon as he took control of his warhorse, he turned its head towards Zhāo Xù and the other horse-drawn carriages, while wielding his red silk cavalry lance in front of his chest. He then tightened his legs and let out a fierce cry.

"I don't know where you're from, but it's only right that you die for us to keep our secrets."

At this moment, the cavalrymen riding small horses, led by their commander, charged towards Zhāo Xù's carriage.

Another contingent of more elite cavalry troops, who had just arrived, took over the original formation and surrounded Beibī Fūrén's carriage.

Zhāo Xù looked on, feeling a sense of dismay in his heart. He had come to see if the spirits would surround and slaughter humans, based on the lowest humanitarian principles. Who would have thought that a simple glance would lead to this?

In just a few seconds, the cavalry commander had ridden up to the front of Zhāo Xù's carriage, causing the coachman to nearly scream out in fear. Zhāo Xù could only tremble and curl up, with no escape route left.

Meanwhile, Beibī Fūrén, who had been surrounded again, glanced around at the eight ordinary guards and the loyal guard, Chákè, who had followed her for many years.

She thought of Zhāo Xù's caravan and the cavalrymen who had approached, without taking immediate action, and estimated that their chances were slim.

She then snapped, "Send help to that carriage, don't worry about me."

As soon as Beibī Fūrén issued this order, all the cavalrymen surrounding Zhāo Xù's carriage suddenly felt an itch in their hearts, recalling their commander's original plan, and exerted themselves to prepare to strike at Zhāo Xù's carriage.
"And at the center of the storm, Betty continued to order, 'Chuck, you go over there and help them too.'
"But, ma'am?" Chuck, who was serving as the chief guard, couldn't help but be stunned.
"Chuck, go. If you follow me, in the end, you will also not escape death. Join the people with the carriage, there might still be a chance to survive," Lady Betty said, looking worried about the close contact between the two sides.
However, in the blink of an eye, Zhao Xu lightly waved the "cane" he had been leaning on.
Instantly, a fierce, piercing coldness, like a mix of wind, snow, and frost, suddenly swept over, and a tremendous force tightly knocked down the cavalry leader Rupert, while also suppressing all the cavalrymen present.
A multi-layered, incredibly tough but also very sticky filament, like a spider web, appeared in front of Zhao Xu.
The seemingly spider web, compared to a spider web, was even larger and thicker. It directly entangled all the cavalrymen using a few taller trees in the jungle as coordinates.
And the filaments were intricately intertwined, at first glance, making it impossible to make sense of the spider web's structure.
This second-level "spider web technique" created a simple yet immensely powerful web with a radius of over 6 meters, trapping all the people besieging Zhao Xu on the spot, unable to move at all.
And further away, the elite cavalrymen who were preparing to capture Lady Betty after the guards left, and who saw another group of cavalrymen, a whole twenty of them, being trapped by the huge spider web, were all surprised and immediately turned to look at their leader, Mordell.
Mordell, seeing this scene, also began to mutter to himself.
Rupert, who had just taken command of another ordinary cavalry company, knew the reason for the attack on the strange carriage. It was to wait for his arrival, and when the two sides, totaling more than 50 cavalry, converged, they would strike together to kill all witnesses.

Who would have thought that a simple carriage would also hide a second-ring mage, who could decisively use spells to trap them.

At this moment, Mo Deir was thinking about the prestigious reputation of the mages, while also considering the powerful strength he possessed at that moment. Realizing that opportunities were fleeting, he immediately waved his flag towards the location of Zhao Xu's carriage and shouted, "Surround this carriage and capture that mage."

At this point, Lady Betty and her son had already been forgotten, as long as they could eliminate unexpected factors, no matter how fast the enemy fled, their cavalry could catch up.

Upon hearing the command, Zhao Xu was surprised that the enemy was becoming more courageous and daring to come towards him. But he immediately reacted. It was not the reputation of the mage in Mysteria that mattered, but the power behind the Purple Wisteria Chamber, which gave both cavalry leaders enough confidence to ignore him, a "second-ring" mage.

Zhao Xu only sneered coldly at this, refusing to change his mind. In these few seconds where even breathing was a race against time, he directly manipulated his own magic, once again raising the super-magic scepter in his hand, pointing it at the elite cavalry preparing to surround them.

"Foul Cloud Technique!"

Suddenly, a foul-smelling cloud with a radius of over 6 meters and a height of two to three stories high enveloped the elite cavalry that had arrived from behind.
And the leader Modell was overwhelmed by this, the sky was covered with clouds and mist, and he realized that the other party was a Tier 3 mage, his face turning pale. It was a Tier 3 mage who could easily kill and destroy on the battlefield, leaving no trace of the bodies. But even he couldn't protect himself. The moment they inhaled the mist, the cavalry felt a strong spasm in their stomachs. They not only lost their ability to cast spells, but also their basic ability to attack, their weapons almost slipping from their hands. They could only continuously vomit, losing any ability to defend themselves. As the cavalry who were controlled by the spider web and were trying to break free saw the painful appearance of the cavalry on the other side of the battlefield, they were all frightened for a moment. "What is this?" The spell that knocked down more than 30 powerful cavalry with a single blow made Zheng Xinyun and Elidon somewhat puzzled. "Stinking cloud magic," Zhao Xu explained. "In Tier 3 spells, it is a typical negative control spell." "As long as you are within the range of the spell, if you fail the strong resilience check, you will suffer the 'nausea' effect. During this process, the target creature will lose some of its casting and attacking abilities, meaning they cannot do anything that requires concentration. The only thing they can do is move reluctantly and try to escape the range of the cloud." "But even if you leave the range of the cloud, this state will still last for 2-5 rounds," Zhao Xu concluded. The eight guards and the chief guard Chuck, who came to support Zhao Xu at the behest of Lady Betty, were all dismayed when they saw Zhao Xu, who had just reached Tier 3, using two spells to defeat two well-trained cavalry units. As Zhao Xu reached Tier 3, his versatility in spells began to show gradually.
Here is the translation of the text:

If he wanted to kill these people, he could solve the problem by throwing a fireball spell. If he wanted to slow down their movement, a web spell would be his answer. However, the power of the web spell to paralyze their actions is not enough to block their attack. Therefore, he would throw a stink cloud spell to add fuel to the fire.

At this moment, Zhao Xiu got off the carriage and walked down, holding a lit matchstick in his hand, staring at the leader Robert who was entangled in the web. Robert, seeing Zhao Xiu holding the matchstick, thought of the flammable nature of the web itself and broke out in a sweat on his forehead.

If this wizard throws the fire he was holding in his hand, it's likely that the cavalrymen present would all be severely burned.

Zhao Xiu's expression turned tense and he said, "Sir wizard, let's not be hasty. Can we talk about something with the forces behind us first?" Meanwhile, Zhao Xiu remained calm and said, "Do you think I need to cast another spell?"