
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 362: Deciphering Defense

As the bright light illuminated the ruined house, the boundary between light and darkness seemed to shift, casting a stimulating glow on the retina of everyone's eyes. The visual field of everyone's eyes was momentarily filled with a sense of whiteness.

Zhou Xu, who had once been able to cast two-ring magic, faced the "Fearful Binding Spirit" that was afraid of light. At the time, he had not yet mastered the three-ring "Daylight" magic, so he used the two-ring "Holy Shield" magic.

Taking advantage of the feature of the "Holy Shield" magic, which automatically released the three-ring "Daylight" magic, he trapped the level 11 "Fearful Binding Spirit" in a state of disablement.

At this moment, he was thinking of conserving three-ring magic and directly using two-ring magic to achieve the effect of three-ring magic.

It was obvious that the fire had just been extinguished by darkness, and the biggest possibility was that the "Darkness" magic, which could absorb light and make enemies without dark vision lose their sight, was used.

On the other hand, the "Daylight" magic could counter and cancel all same-level or lower-level darkness magic. In this brief moment, the monster of the old hag may have used the "Darkness" magic and "Sleep" magic to suppress this small team.

Zhou Xu then used the "Dawn" to wake everyone up and cancel the "Sleep" magic, and the "Daylight" magic to suppress the "Darkness" magic. In this flash of lightning, a round of magic defense was completed.

In reality, most mages and priests are unable to do this, or they can only rely on scrolls to respond, and they do not have Zhou Xu's speed and reaction to cast spells spontaneously.

As people's vision began to recover, accompanied by...
Here is the translation of the text:

"Ahh——" In the scene, a few timid people couldn't help but let out a shrill cry.

On the top of the burned-down house's horizontal beam, a human female looked extremely ugly, squatting there and staring at them.

Her entire body skin was like a bluish-purple bruise, with numerous pustules and abscesses all over it. Under her unkempt black hair, which resembled a chicken coop, her uneven, beast-like yellow teeth were visible, accompanied by her hooked nose and eyes that shone with a fiery red glow, even more terrifying than the wicked witch in a black fairy tale.

"This is the Old Witch, who loves to use sleep-inducing techniques first, and then strangle to death the sleeping victims," Zhao Xu shouted.

However, the Old Witch just looked at Zhao Xu and the others, still grinning maniacally.

She was wearing tattered cloth strips and had a human skull hung around her neck. A rod made from the leg bone of a large wild animal was strapped to her waist.

The Old Witch directly lifted the rod in her hand and continued to chant incantations at Zhao Xu and the others.

"She's going to use sleep-inducing techniques again," at this moment, Zheng Xin, who had received an additional "Shining Defense Armor" from Zhao Xu, couldn't help but say.

Although she had suddenly entered this horror scene, her heart was still racing with fear. However, she still managed to analyze the situation.

"Shoot," the Guardian Chuck exclaimed decisively.

In fact, seeing such a terrifying thing, and it was even approaching the horizontal beam above, they couldn't even get close to attack it, but could only try to shoot a few arrows before falling asleep again.

However, even before Chuck had given the order, the order had been compressed into a single byte, transmitted to everyone's brain, converted into hand movements, and finally aimed at the Old Witch, and the trigger was pulled.
Here is the translation of the text:

Ultimately, it's a matter of time.

Arthas's battle is not just about slashing each other with swords. Instead, it's about who can withstand the other's will longer. If one side has a trump card, it's likely that whoever strikes first will determine the outcome.

Eilerton noticed that the old witch was about to complete the final phrase and also noticed that her smile was growing larger, indicating that she was almost finished casting the spell.

However, Eilerton's consciousness was sufficient, but his hand was still aiming at the old witch, and he couldn't even press the trigger. Although he had just lost his sight and couldn't see clearly, the team leader, Zhong Xia, awakened everyone's magic, and it was usually the last one.

Even if he couldn't make it through the second time, it was unknown. Moreover, for the old witch, the "sleep spell" was a random spellcasting ability, but for Zhong Xia, it was a one-time use and would decrease by one each time.

"Sleep Spell!"
Ultimately, the old witch succeeded in releasing the spell during the brief moment when everyone recovered their sight, which took exactly 1 round of spellcasting time.

The long spellcasting time is also another drawback of "sleep spell" outside its effective range. However, this does not affect the notorious reputation of this one-trick pony spell.

However, in the instant before that.

In a moment that no one was aware of.

Zhao Xun's hand had already appeared with a sacred and warm light group, and he continued to cast the spell on Zheng Xin Yu's body.
Here is the translation:

Innumerable sacred energy particles were activated on Zheng Xin'an's body, spreading within a three-meter radius centered around her.

【Adventurer Zhongxia, you cast the three-ring spell "Anti-Evil Array" on Zheng Xin'an, lasting 10 minutes per level.】
【Adventurer Zhongxia, within the range of the "Anti-Evil Array", you gain the effect of the one-ring spell "Protection from Evil".】
After the old witch's sleep spell, no one in the scene fell asleep, and everyone couldn't help but gaze at Zhao Xu. Only this strong person could achieve this.
Even people noticed that their defense and immunity had subtly increased.
At this moment, Zhaoke was staring blankly at his character panel, gazing at the three effects brought by "Protection from Evil".
Defense +2 level bonus! (Against evil)
Immunity +2 level resistance bonus! (Against evil)
Immunity to illusion and control effects!
Hypnosis, which is a control effect.
This was the reason Zhao Xu didn't take the old witch's other spells into consideration after considering the threat of "Magic Missile".
In reality, Zhao Xu didn't think there was anything valuable inside before entering the room.
He only didn't want to waste the time and effort of casting a spell that couldn't last for 24 hours, so he didn't set up the 10-minute per level "Anti-Evil Array" in advance. As for other spells, they were all set for 24 hours, and there was no loss even if they were cast in advance.
"Stop daydreaming, shoot!" Zhaoke exclaimed in a hurry after reacting to the situation.

In an instant, accompanied by Zhaoke's command, the arrows in everyone's quiver flew out one by one, shooting towards the old witch.
Despite most of their efforts being in vain, they were even blocked by the old witch's skin, which had a natural defense of 11 layers. It wasn't until a lucky arrow hit the wound and pierced the skin that the old witch's eyes widened in surprise, having been breached. She knew that ordinary people like them couldn't possibly break through her defense, and there must be some trick involved.

Immediately, another arrow came flying, also landing in the wound and piercing the skin, successfully breaching her defense. In fact, Chuck couldn't believe that they could shoot arrows through the old witch. He knew that it wasn't their own archery skills that made the difference, but rather the blessing from Mr. Zhongxia and the secret lock brought by the old witch's sense of mystery (dark knowledge). This 5-layered attack boost gave them a chance to breach her defense.

As long as they could breach her defense, there was a possibility of killing the giant scorpion. However, even if an ordinary person had the ability to shoot arrows through the old witch, they would be killed by the opponent before they could kill the old witch. But they had ten people with them. However, the old witch didn't even flinch, and the arrow that had been inserted into her body was simply pushed out of the wound.

It was as if she had a powerful self-healing ability, directly negating the damage and even preventing them from seeing her expression of pain in her eyes. "It's damage reduction!" Elliot shouted immediately, "The opponent must be able to reduce at least 10 points of damage. Only magic weapons or cold iron weapons can penetrate such damage reduction." This cry, however, caused all the people present to fall silent.
Here is the translation of the text into English:

Due to the high cost of arrows, even though they can be recovered, most impoverished warriors in the front line profession still choose melee weapons.

Currently, under the premise of removing elite weapons by Mrs. Betty, a team of elite cavalrymen with light crossbows was formed.

However, they do not even have +1 magic melee weapons, let alone magic ranged weapons.

The old witch, who sensed the weaknesses of the people around her, suddenly felt at ease and then suddenly lunged forward, rushing towards Zhao Xiu with all her might.

However, Zhao Xiu, who had become the target, just smiled disdainfully and continued to calmly cast the next spell.

He currently has a 28-level defense, so can this old witch even bite him?

At the same time, Zhao Xiu lifted his own super magical staff, as if he was about to swing it at the old witch in front of him.