
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 50: Instant

From the moment Zhao Xu decided to strengthen himself, his career path was influenced by the ultimate scroll. Originally, he didn't expect anyone to advise him on specific fields, and he thought it was just a trivial matter.

But when he saw the parchment extracted by the pastor on the altar, he realized it was far from simple. The influence of the Goddess Church, from the Mage Association to the ultimate scroll, had already penetrated his imagination.

The pastor's words, which seemed to specify three fields for Zhao Xu, actually contradicted each other. Each pastor could only choose two fields, but Zhao Xu was troubled by the fact that the pastor had designated three fields.

However, Zhao Xu's actions did not stop because of this. He carefully read the notes on the three fields.

Magic: Curses and Wardens
Plan: Perpetual Mastery of Spells
Knowledge: Interchange of Fields

The three lines of notes were intentionally added by someone. More importantly, there was a signature at the end - Anzinoja.

Zhao Xu took a deep breath when he saw this and thought that no one dared to forge the signature of a legendary mage. He sighed, realizing that his mentor was still paying attention to him.

The three lines of notes were written clearly, explaining the reasons for choosing each field, and were in the style of Anzinoja.

Zhao Xu continued to study the material, wanting to know the divine power of the three fields.
The divine power in the magic domain is the blessing from the priest level when using scrolls and other magical devices. This is of average significance to him, but it is a prerequisite for advancement, and he must choose even if it is a burden. The plan domain allows him to gain the expertise of "spell delay." The knowledge domain treats all knowledge skills as priest's professional skills, and the caster's level is increased by +1 when casting divination spells. In Zhao Xu's view, the plan domain is the most valuable. It is equivalent to an expertise, and the expertise allows the spell's duration to double at the cost of increasing a spell slot by one level. In this sense, both of the priest's domains can be considered as two expertise, which cannot be ignored. Zhao Xu nodded and continued to read the spells of the domains below. Each domain has a list of spells ranging from level one to level nine. As a 1st level priest, he gains one 1st level domain spell slot, from which he can choose one of the three 1st level spells from these three domains to prepare. In terms of a 1st level player's limited spell slots, this is indeed an invaluable aid. According to the progress of the forum members, the study of these domains all have corresponding opportunities. Even the fastest players take at least two afternoons to complete, so it will probably take him even longer with three domains. Zhao Xu looked up at the other novice priests in the small hall, and almost everyone was looking at the parchment in their hands with a serious expression. Even though they may have had some understanding before, they were still confused when actually encountering the power of these domains. "Decide on the domain you want to choose first, and then pray to the goddess. After that, you will deepen your understanding of the powers of these domains in your own way."
"For example, in the field of magic, if you have received training in the field of wizards before, then the time will be much faster."

"For example, in the field of knowledge, if you have studied the classics, then the speed of obtaining domain power will also be faster."

"Okay, next you can start praying, during which you can leave on your own and feel it in your own way. I will guide each student in the hall one by one."

The guiding priest timely explained to them.

The idea is quite clear. As a level 1 wizard, Zhao Xu felt that he would have a lot of advantages in this area, and he might really solve it in just three afternoons.

"Have you chosen your domain?" A female voice came from behind him.

Zhao Xu turned around, and it was a trainee female priest named Xiao Ke who had chatted with him in the morning.

"Most of them have awakened one or two domains in the past half month. I have never awakened, so I am participating in this training again. It's good to meet you."

Zhao Xu nodded, "Still thinking about it."

In the morning, looking at the other players, they were all flocking around this girl, showing some familiarity.

But Zhao Xu didn't have any particular worries about being in a strange place. He didn't seek to stick together in a foreign environment.

He had too much to do, let alone pursue girls, he didn't even have the mind to pursue goddesses.

Becoming stronger is his current focus.

"Then later, tell me about your experience. I think you're very smart. Unlike me, I'm too stupid, I don't understand what they're teaching me."

"Okay, if I have any," Zhao Xu said.

Then he began to close his eyes and prepare to pray to the goddess.

Magic, strategy, knowledge.

Zhao Xu silently thought of the names of these three domains, while recalling the prayers from the morning.
Just as he was about to begin praying, in the moment just before he was about to silently recite the prayer.
That day, he once again felt the familiar sensation of magic coming to him.
His entire brain lit up—
【Trainee priest Zhong Xia gains "Magic Domain".】
【Trainee priest Zhong Xia gains "Planning Domain".】
【Trainee priest Zhong Xia gains "Knowledge Domain".】
Three consecutive messages popped up on his character card information panel.
Zhao Xu didn't understand what this plot was about.
He looked down at his expertise information, and sure enough, there was an additional expertise called "Spell Delay" with the note "Planning Domain" next to it.
His information panel might be wrong, but the character card panel wouldn't lie.
In other words, he really gained this domain ability.
It made him feel incredibly lucky.
For the first time, he felt that his luck might be a bit exaggerated, as the fastest record for any player was two afternoons.
At this moment, Zhao Xu opened his eyes and looked around the entire hall.
Most of the trainee priests had not yet entered the state of prayer, and several of them were even pacing around, pondering what to do.
And he, was it over just like that?
Zhao Xu stood up as well.
"Where are you going?" asked the female priest Xiao Ke with surprise.
Zhao Xu shook his head, "I'm going out to find inspiration."
Yes, he should go to another class to find inspiration at this time.
He had completely gained the ability of the domain.
Zhao Xu hurried to receive training for the next class, and walked directly out of the hall.
A few trainee priests had just left to find inspiration, so his departure didn't attract much attention.
Here is the translation:

As Zhao Xu just reached the entrance of the stairs outside the door, he was surprised to see Ray An, the liaison officer of the Association, walking towards him.

"What's this, kid? I've got the sheepskin paper for you," Ray An said, "and I've also got some things that will help you awaken the field. Who knows, you might be able to get it tomorrow."

Ray An glanced around at the crowded corridor and used magic to communicate directly with Zhao Xu, waving his package in his hand.

"Don't need it," Zhao Xu replied briefly this time.

"What?" Ray An asked.

"I just got three field powers," Zhao Xu responded.