
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 507: The Key Ring, Sage's Clothing

"Can do it," said Anzhi Nayao, and immediately a stack of twelve property manuals, each with a different property, appeared in front of Zhao Xu.

At the same time, the treasure pile on the grass suddenly decreased by half, and the "enormous wealth" of nearly 2 million gold coins was exchanged for these twelve precious and invaluable property manuals.

"Not fair!" exclaimed Bai Long, who was standing beside him. "One manual is worth 130,000 gold coins, and twelve manuals are worth 1.8 million gold coins. The treasure pile was at least 2 million gold coins."

When it comes to wealth, even the lowest-intelligence Bai Long will become incredibly astute.

Although this wealth has no relation to him, Bai Long considers it a treasure he can obtain in the future.

"Hmph," said Anzhi Nayao coldly. "I previously pawned the future income of the silver mine to obtain 'Passage Staff,' 'Rosary Necklace,' 'Storage Gloves,' and 'Storage Ring.' I paid off the debt I owed to Xue Xia, and now I'm making a withdrawal. Is there a problem?"

Zhao Xu finally realized that Anzhi Nayao had actually paid off his debt.

Suddenly, he also understood why Anzhi Nayao had arranged for him to receive these property manuals after he obtained this vast wealth.

It was also to spare him the trouble of going to the black market to pawn and exchange equipment.

Meanwhile, Bai Long's eyes lit up with excitement as he gazed at Zhao Xu's eyes, which seemed to be filled with a sense of excitement.

However, Zhao Xu was busy collecting and thinking about the use of the property manuals given to him by Anzhi Nayao.
Here is the translation of the text:

Regardless of who it is, the way to strengthen attributes for a long time is through "leveling up" (no-name), "equipping" (enhancing), and "wish/attribute book" (internal enhancement). Therefore, the "Domain of Decline" spell in the four-ring magic can provide arbitrary stacking bonuses to Zhao Xu's strength, which is why it has become so anomalous. For ordinary people, it's usually a significant investment in key attributes, such as a wizard's intelligence.

Other attributes will not be arbitrarily increased. It's not that it's impossible, but it's not worth it, as the same money can be used elsewhere to enhance oneself. Zhao Xu also plans to divide one set among his future companions. As for the other set, except for the "Manual of Quiet Meditation", he doesn't need to use the wish spell. He has the money, so he doesn't need to consider the cost-effectiveness.

"The remaining wealth, you can continue to manage, but it's not like there's a store around the corner." Anriya smiled.

"Teacher, what equipment is suitable for Viola?" Zhao Xu suddenly asked.

In the following Starfall Town, although there were players around him, the most likely to betray him were also players.

It's impossible to say how many hundreds or thousands of yuan it would take to bribe someone, so Zhao Xu trusted Viola, a saint warrior, the most.

Before that, in the underground black market, Viola also refused most of the things, as if she were a ascetic who resisted magical items.

"This one, ah."

Anriya slightly furrowed her brow. "I actually have a rare item that would be suitable for Viola."

As she spoke, a metal belt that emitted a "sparkling" glow floated in the air, like it was continuously sprinkling golden powder, slowly drifting in front of everyone's forced faces.
Here is the translation of the text:

On the side, the white dragon Sereus couldn't help but stretch out his hand, trying to grab the waistband that looked extraordinary.

Just as his fingers were about to open, a flash of lightning and fire erupted from the tip of his fingers.

Instantly, Sereus jumped up like a cricket, clutching his hand and convulsing repeatedly, as if he had been deeply pierced.

After muttering an angry curse, Zhao Xu calmed down and took a closer look, but he couldn't recognize this thing. He curiously asked, "What is this?"

"This is a luxurious waistband," Anniya said briefly. "This waistband, worth 200,000 gold coins, has only one function: to enhance all attributes by 6 points."

As soon as he spoke, not only Zhao Xu, but even Sereus, who was still writhing in pain, stared blankly at the waistband suspended in front of Anniya's face.

The equipment that combines the six attributes of "Strong Waistband", "Agile Gloves", "Health Amulet", "Perception Amulet", "Intelligence Headwear", and "Charisma Cloak" requires six equipment slots, even conflicting with the properties of perception and body.

It's not that there's no strong gloves, but this "unconventional position" is much rarer, so these six attributes are conventionally agreed upon.

Now, a single equipment with +6 attributes costs 36,000 gold coins. After combining the equipment slots, it's even more affordable?

Zhao Xu also looked at Anniya with a hesitant expression.

With this thing, wouldn't it be better to take it from the beginning to replace the Intelligence Headwear?

At least, he doesn't have enhanced attributes for other properties.

Unbeknownst to Zhao Xu, Anniya flew over to him, gave him a white look, and scolded, "You'll be using a legendary Intelligence Headwear with +12 intelligence in the future. What's the point of having a waistband? Moreover, the +6 enhancement is not the limit for you in other attributes."
Here is the translation of the text:

"Don't look so gloomy, wait until you level up a bit, and we'll go hunt those high-attribute demons together. When the time comes, I'll teach you how to stack 20 points of enhancement value."

As a demon of the same tribe, Vivian couldn't help but shiver slightly, but she quickly regained her composure and slightly bowed her head to address Anzuyo, saying, "Thank you for your gift, Miss."

Zhao Xu also looked a bit perplexed. This was too realistic, and he was the one who had actually spent the money.

Well, Vivian decided to use this waistcloth as compensation for this adventure.

As for the white dragon gazing afar with a tranquil expression, Zhao Xu simply ignored it.

"What advice do you have for me?" Zhao Xu asked, looking at his wrist, torso, and outer armor.

"Hmm..."

Anzuyo thought for a moment before saying, "I'm currently wearing a 'Legendary Defense Gauntlet' with a +15 armor value. Want it?"

"No thanks."

Zhao Xu was still aware of his limitations, knowing that legendary items were beyond his current reach.

"Hmm..."

Anzuyo thought for a moment before saying, "Well, you can just wait for your own opportunities. After all, some small things can be quite interesting."

As for inner armor equipment...

Anzuyo's expression turned thoughtful.

Mainly, she thought that most equipment in this position could provide effects that Zhao Xu could also obtain through magic.

"Teacher, didn't you have a 'Great Sage's Robe' before?" Zhao Xu suddenly asked, trying to probe.

"Why did you choose that?" Anzuyo asked back, looking at Zhao Xu with a hint of amusement.

"Because I think the effects of the equipment in this position are all average, so I might as well choose the most expensive one."

"Haha..."

Anzuyo couldn't help but burst out laughing.
Here is the translation of the text:

"It makes sense." She had a hint of a smile, "But I only have one set of robes from the wise and virtuous one at the moment."

"Don't you mind wearing it?" I can give it to you if you want."

"Why not?" Zhāo Xù clapped his chest.

Magic items are precious because they possess mysterious powers, making them highly valuable and worthy of careful protection. As a result, they are often passed down through generations of family owners, with each generation inheriting the item.

Even the most fastidious individuals wouldn't dare to question a magic item.

Suddenly, An Xīn Yu also snapped her fingers.

Apart from the treasure on the grass, a golden silk robe with a crimson color slowly floated in front of Zhāo Xù.

However, Zhāo Xù seemed a bit dazed.

If he hadn't misseen it, wasn't this robe the one An Xīn Yu was just wearing?

How could he even think of taking it?

Zhāo Xù, who was about to reach out to take it, also had some qualms.

Considering that the robe was designed to be worn close to the body, with the remaining warmth still lingering on the surface, it was too embarrassing for him to even think about it, as if he were a pervert with an obsession with clothes.

"What are you waiting for?" An Xīn Yu asked, seemingly unaware of anything amiss.

"This isn't like adding attributes with a luxurious belt. The robe has multiple functions, and you need to identify it first to know how to use it."

"Oh, okay." Zhāo Xù suddenly seemed enlightened, put on his "Mechanic's Goggles", took a deep breath to calm himself, and then began to identify the "Wise and Virtuous Robe" that An Xīn Yu had just taken off - the Wise and Virtuous Robe!
Here is the translation of the text:

Legend 1: It is said to appear in the dreams of young wizards who are tasked with cleaning and copying ancient scrolls, as well as sweeping away dust on bookshelves. However, despite years of searching, no one has found any factual evidence about this legendary garment.

Legend 2: In the quiet conversations of students in the dormitory at night, when the oil lamps are extinguished and the curfew is lifted, some enthusiastic students have loudly proclaimed that the Great Sage's Robe will grant the wearer immense defensive powers, similar to a shield and mantle of resistance, adding +8 armor class and +5 all-around resistance bonus.

Legend 3: Some students claim that the wearer possesses the ability to break through enemy magical defenses. The spellcaster's level in opposing magic resistance is increased by 2.

Legend 4: It is said that the wearer can recall three previously prepared and used spells every day. This is equivalent to a spell recovery pearl, allowing the wearer to recall 1-9th level spells three times, with quick action to initiate.

Legend 5: According to legend, the wearer gains the ability to heal themselves. The wearer can use quick action to consume spell slots to heal their life force (spell slots * 5).

Legend 6: Unfortunately, these stories seem to lack a solid foundation in reality. Such powerful items are more like myths. However, each wizard who has mastered magic has possessed such a Great Sage's Robe, and it is also a key to unlocking the secrets of magic.