
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 57: Howard's Convenience Bag

Zhao Xu took the backpack, feeling its texture with his hands. It was made of well-tanned leather with some copper buckles. He thought to himself that it was similar to a dimensional bag.

Zhao Xu's heart began to race as he felt the weight of his innate power of 8 points. He realized that his own strength was limited. At least, he could sense that his strength was slightly weaker than his physical body.

This was also the reason Zhao Xu chose to learn the Heart Sutra, carrying a bunch of thick magical books every day. Without a dimensional bag, who could possibly carry them?

Zhao Xu quickly lifted his head and looked at An Tianyao, "Teacher, what is this?"

"Hmm?" An Tianyao asked. "Besides me, there's at least one other mage in the room."

Zhao Xu suddenly reacted and exclaimed, "Detection Magic!"

Detection Magic allowed him to directly know the properties of magical items.

Zhao Xu was stunned, looking at An Tianyao in confusion. An Tianyao had indeed prepared the Detection Magic spell. But how did An Tianyao know?

An Tianyao smiled slightly and asked, "Sometimes I feel like you're born with the knowledge, and sometimes I think you're too foolish. You're already a mage, but you still think like an amateur. Mages don't rely on guessing in battles. Many basic thought processes should be able to react directly."

Zhao Xu knew An Tianyao was teaching him a lesson, and he quickly nodded his head.
Here is the translation of the text:

As long as you know a mage's level, you can indeed estimate their intelligence and thus know the additional spell slots brought by intelligence. Adding the spell slots brought by the mage's profession level, a basic mage can roughly estimate the number of spell slots they have. "But, mentor, it's obvious——" "The 1st-level spell, Identification, is not a priest's spell, but a 1st-level spell in the magic domain. I guessed that you would prepare this spell." Hearing An Ti Nina directly say out his thoughts, Zhao Xu nodded hastily.

However, An Ti Nina suddenly fell silent and sat down on the soft chair, saying, "The rest is for you to think about. If you can't figure it out, there's no reward to collect."
Hearing this, Zhao Xu quickly calmed down his mind.

An Ti Nina was indeed good to him, although she sometimes pretended to deceive him. However, when it came to collecting rewards, she was always straightforward.

It was after touching on the priest's spell that Zhao Xu gained a clearer understanding. Some spells, such as the 1st-level spell Identification, were not priest spells. Therefore, Zhao Xu couldn't use the priest's spell slots to prepare.

However, this spell belonged to the 9th spell in the magic domain, so Zhao Xu could use the mage's 1st-level spell slots in the domain to prepare. There are three domains: magic, planning, and knowledge. Corresponding to each domain are the following 1st-level spells: Identification, Divination, and Detection.

In a situation where there are three options, An Ti Nina directly guessed that he would prepare Identification instead of the others. Slowly, Zhao Xu's face turned red.

Although he couldn't see An Ti Nina's expression under her hood, Zhao Xu guessed that she was smiling. There is no mage who can deceive others.
Here is the translation of the text:

He didn't participate in battles, so he didn't need to prepare for judging whether a living being was dead. He also didn't go on adventures in the underground and wouldn't prepare for detecting hidden doors. The only possibility left was identification.

Adding to that, Anzef was still missing one piece of war loot, which made this possibility even more likely to reach 100%.

Zhao Xu hastily lowered his head and said, "Master, I'll cast the spell now."

It's one thing to receive something from someone else, but being directly guessed to be waiting for someone to give you something is unbearable.

Even Zhao Xu, who was only 30 years old in his heart, couldn't help but blush.

"You try casting a spell that takes a long time to cast, and see how you do it," Anzef said calmly.

Zhao Xu nodded and sat down in a comfortable position, looking at the backpack in his hand and preparing to cast the spell.

Just as he was about to lift his hand, he was taken aback.

Materials!

And just like the colorful powder needed for the Rainbow Spray, identification also requires materials.

"You should feel around in the right pocket of your backpack," Anzef reminded him on time.

Zhao Xu listened and quickly poked his hand into the backpack.

Through a vacuum, he pulled out a pearl.

At the same time, under the effect of the spell, a cup of wine with a cat's feather also floated in front of him, gently landing on the table.

Compared to the Rainbow Spray, holding the powder was different.

For identification, it's necessary to crush the 100GP pearl, pour it into the wine, and then mix it with the cat's feather to consume it.

Even a slight mistake in the process could cause the spell to fail.

Getting a magical item, most players are both surprised and delighted.

Delighted is that a magical item is usually very valuable.

However, to truly utilize a magical item, you need to pay an additional 100GP in material costs on top of the service fee.
Here is the translation of the text:

As most players are self-taught, they can only rely on their own experience. Those who are poor have to surrender to reality. Zhao Xù patiently followed the steps of the spellcasting procedure, took a deep breath after stirring the wine, and began to chant the incantation in a low voice.

Spellcasting is not as simple as just clicking a button in a game. It takes a long time to cast, up to an hour. "Focus is the key skill for mages. We need to improve our focus skills to ensure that we can complete the spellcasting without interruption during these long periods of time," Anzhi Noya said, looking at him.

Zhao Xù was completely focused on casting the spell and didn't respond to Anzhi Noya's words. As the spellcasting progressed, Zhao Xù slowly realized that the one-hour spellcasting time was not just a simple phrase.

In the past, he would usually focus for only two or three seconds. Now, the one-hour spellcasting was consuming a huge amount of his own energy. He slowly began to understand that Anzhi Noya could have simply told him the effects of the backpack, but instead chose to spend 100 GP making him cast the spell.

Many things can only be truly understood after trying them out. Time ticked away, and Zhao Xù, like a student who had not prepared well for an exam, began to sweat.

Finally, a yellow light emanated from his hand and fell onto the backpack. Suddenly, a stream of information flooded Zhao Xù's mind, and his information panel began to refresh.

【Howard's Handy Bag
Two side pockets: "Dimension Pouch" effect, can hold items with a volume of up to 55 liters and a weight of up to 9 kg.
Central Pouch: "Dimension Pouch" Effect, capable of storing items with a volume of no more than 225 liters and a weight of no more than 72 kilograms.

Effect: Regardless of how many items are loaded, this backpack can carry a maximum weight of 5 kilograms. Items can be taken out of the backpack immediately, and the item at the top will always be retrieved without needing to search. The backpack itself and its contents have a +2 bonus to all exemption checks.

Zhao Xu couldn't help but mutter to himself, "Is this too divine?"