
Chapter 567: Changing Species, Reversing Fate

"Although he was always a bit reckless, he's never been like this," said Warrior Zhang Yao Yu, his eyes filled with sorrow.

"I'm not sure if it's because of the time traveling or what, but he's been unable to control his emotions ever since. So, we can only restrain him for now and wait for a stronger priest to arrive to see if there's any way to rescue him."

The nearby patient slightly opened his eyes, looked around, and then closed them again, as if it was a waste of energy to look any further.

Zhao Xu, on the other hand, slowly lowered his head, silently touched the soil with his hand, picked up a handful of dirt, and slowly crushed it into small pieces.

"The half-beasts are prone to violence and secrecy, preferring to act before thinking, and often resorting to force rather than engaging in verbal disputes," Zhao Xu concluded calmly.

What he didn't say was that, unlike the half-beasts that lived in civilized lands, most half-beasts had self-control and were not always wild and crazy.

"However, it doesn't mean they are truly stupid," Zhao Xu said, looking at the half-beast in front of him.

In reality, the half-beasts, as a species that enjoyed simple entertainment, were interested in banquets, drinking, bragging, singing, wrestling, and beating drums, and were essentially normal biological beings, not beasts.

This half-beast, Shi Tou, had skin that was gray-white like worn-out leather, with wrinkles on his forehead and a prominent chin, and two fangs visible. After removing his armor, his chest was covered in dense, coarse body hair.
Here is the translation of the text:

Even if someone's IQ is normal, no ordinary person would want to get close to something as crude as a gorilla.

"Master Wizard, are you saying there's more to it?" asked Warrior Zhang Yao Yu.

"That's natural," replied Zhao Xu with a mysterious smile, "but it comes with a price."

As he spoke, he slowly walked towards the half-human creature that no one dared approach, and the little girl who had been crying until now couldn't help but lift her head to look at him.

After experiencing so much that day, although she knew everyone was doing it for her brother's sake, fearing he would go crazy and hurt people, she was still struggling to hold back her inner sorrow.

Zhao Xu lightly tapped his "Hidden Eye", and after a moment, his spiritual energy was released, allowing him to see the beam of light emanating from the top of the little girl's head, which was at least as thick as Lei An's.

Even if it was the most basic level, it was still impressive.

"Are you going to save your brother?" Zhao Xu asked.

At this moment, his voice was deliberately infused with a certain profound and rich power, like the charm of someone who had reached maturity, without being too indulgent.

"I want," the little girl widened her bright eyes, staring blankly at Zhao Xu.

But then she quickly stood up, "As long as I can save my brother, I'm willing to pay any price."

As she spoke, tears welled up in her eyes, as she looked at her half-human brother, who was still going crazy. "If my brother doesn't wake up, then my parents will also be lost and no one will be able to find them."

The little girl's thoughts were clear: her brother was like that, and she couldn't leave him.

"Even if you never see your brother again, what about your family?" Zhao Xu suddenly spoke in a strange tone.
Here is the translation of the text:

At this moment, the warrior behind him sensed something was off and immediately spoke up, saying, "Hey, what do you mean by this?"

"Take it easy," came the response.

Zhao Xu even didn't bother to turn his head, simply gesturing with his hand towards Zhang Yao Yu, who had been agitated by the sudden change in atmosphere. Without using magic, Zhao Xu's simple negotiation skills were enough to make most people believe he was a good person.

"I'm willing," said the little girl, standing straight in front of Zhao Xu, her bright eyes betraying a strange calmness.

Zhao Xu couldn't help but feel a sense of wonder at the little girl's maturity, which had surpassed her age by 12 years.

"Don't you fear I'm a liar?" Zhao Xu asked curiously.

The little girl, Zhao Lu Si, shook her head, saying, "My intuition tells me that you're not telling the truth. You can't really save my brother."

Zhao Xu, meanwhile, remained fixated on the dynamic bar, which showed his lie detection magic spell passing through. It was clear that the little girl was speaking from the heart.

"That's fine. Let's make a pact. I'll save the person you want to save, and you'll complete a mission for me," Zhao Xu said, squatting down and extending his palm towards the little girl.

The little girl also slapped her hand down, sealing the pact.

"That's fine," Zhao Xu said, standing up again and looking at the half-beast before him.

"6 points of intelligence, which means it's not a serious condition. However, it's been a day and there's been no improvement, indicating a permanent attribute loss."

At this point, Zhao Xu walked slowly around the half-beast, as if carefully observing him, causing many onlookers to gasp in shock, fearing he might be attacked at any moment.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Therefore, the opponent's intelligence has fallen to below 3 points, reaching the level of creatures like Touch Me Not and Fire Ants. The two attributes below that are those of animals like tigers.

"So, he will suddenly feel the influence of the negative energy emanating from the ground and become extremely agitated. This is an instinctive reaction from an animal that has never encountered a desolate wasteland before."

"For players, temporary attribute damage that can be restored is not a big deal. With a day's rest, one can recover one attribute point. By enduring, one can recover gradually.

"The real difficulty lies in the permanent loss of 'attribute absorption', which is also the terrifying aspect of the curse spell."

"Sir Mage, can you remove his intelligence damage?" Warrior Zhang Yao Yu exclaimed, with his girlfriend also excitedly looking at Zhao Xu, as if also looking forward to it.

"However, restoring permanently lost attributes is said to require divine intervention," Zhang Yao Yu ultimately realized that Zhao Xu's difficulties were not ordinary.

"Don't worry, we have the Mage, who can make the impossible possible."

"Restoration!"

As Zhao Xu's incantation was uttered, a soft white light burst forth from his palm and fell onto the agitated half-beast before him.

The four-ring "Restoration" spell, an evolved version of the two-ring "Secondary Restoration" spell, could eliminate negative levels and restore all attribute damage, or restore a single attribute that had been absorbed.

Even the half-beast before him, whose intelligence had been "absorbed" to one point, began to emit a faint glow in his eyes, flashing a thoughtful expression.

"Big brother," Little Girl Zhao Lu Si exclaimed on the spot.
Here is the translation of the text:

Just then, her face turned stiff. Because this half-orc, still had a somewhat sluggish appearance, like a mentally challenged person, constantly shaking his head, moving according to his own instincts. At this moment, he was not deaf to his sister's cries, but was still immersed in his inner world.

"How is it still like this?" his girlfriend, a warrior player, said with a disappointed tone, covering her mouth.

"This is the result of 6 points of intelligence," Chapter Yao Yu said with an embarrassed face, clearly indicating that the mage's spell had just taken effect.

It's hard to make a silk purse out of a sow's ear, and on the other hand, the opponent had only 6 points, and even after recovering, it would be like this.

The little girl also showed a painful expression, and if she had only 6 points of intelligence, it was undeniable that she would be driven away and enslaved by someone with malice.

"Don't worry, with this recovery, our oath is not yet complete."

As he said this, Zhao Xu handed over his staff, using it to increase intelligence and cast the spell "Fox-like Cunning", a temporary boost of 4 points of intelligence.

As one of the six major spells that enhance attributes, "Fox-like Cunning" is not as direct as "Bull Strength" in increasing 4 points of strength and attack power. Moreover, its duration is minute-level, making it more meaningful as a "Intelligence Cap" spell core.

However, at this moment, it was perfectly suitable.

After relying on "Fox-like Cunning" to become slightly more intelligent, the half-orc in front of him also suddenly recovered to the normal human intelligence range. He took a few labored breaths and, without losing any memories, slowly began to realize what had happened in the past.
Here is the translation of the text:

Suddenly, he looked at Zhao Xiu with pleading eyes, saying, "Sir, I know that this magic can only last for a few minutes, and I won't have time to raise my attributes. So, I would like to ask you for one thing."

As he spoke, he gazed at his sister with a sorrowful expression, saying, "Please take my sister away when I leave. She..."

"Okay," Zhao Xiu interrupted suddenly, raising his hand to stop him.

"That means restoring my intelligence?" the half-human said, stroking his face, which looked like that of a beast.

"Ah, I'm in a hurry, so I'll ask you one question: do you want to turn back into a human?"

Zhao Xiu suddenly raised his voice, saying, "If you don't lose the 2-point racial intelligence deduction as a half-human, your 8-point intelligence will be sufficient. You can choose to strengthen your intelligence to 9 points when you reach level 4, and your future life will be more or less the same as that of ordinary people."

"Is that okay?" the half-human asked, looking uncertain.

Zhao Xiu couldn't help but smile.

He couldn't change fate, so how could he let the little girl be at ease with him?

"That's what you agreed to?" Zhao Xiu suddenly revealed a smile that was neither laughing nor not laughing.

"Yes."

The half-human's voice had barely fallen when Zhao Xiu suddenly drew his sword, as if the sky had shattered. The warriors who were about to shout and the onlookers who had gathered around were all shocked by this unexpected sword strike.

Only those who had gained battle experience, not like Wu Xiaoming, could see the power of Zhao Xiu's sword.

The attack power was too high, exceeding the understanding of everyone present.
Here is the translation of the text:

"This sword, no matter how well-armored the half-orc is, with a +5 full-body armor and a 13th-level shield, can't withstand such an "invincible" sword. No matter how much people imagine, it's hard to understand that this is a wizard's thrust.

It's natural for this sword to take away the half-orc player instantly. "Final Breath!"

Zhao Xu didn't stop to explain to everyone and instead cast the four-ring Druid spell.

The power of the spell instantly extracted new energy from the surrounding land and created a new physique for the half-orc.

As the soil slowly took shape into a human-like figure, everyone began to regain some confidence, knowing that Zhao Xu had other plans.

Compared to the "Reincarnation Technique", which can only affect the dead within a week, "Final Breath" is a Druid four-ring spell that is even more stringent in its casting conditions, only effective within a single round after death.

So it can only be cast on the spot.

The spell's power instantly infused the half-orc's soul into the newly created physique.

At the same time, his level, profession, and all kinds of abilities will not be lost.

Nor will he suffer from the punishment of reincarnation, such as demotion or loss of physical characteristics.

The only cost is that he cannot recover his original race.

When the half-orc named Stone opened his eyes again, he found that he had become a half-human, taller than his previous leg.

However, he didn't lose his intelligence.

Stone looked at his height and sighed: "It's so powerful that even the four-ring spell can't demote me?"

"Are you quite satisfied?" asked Zhao Xu, who had created the physique after a long time."
Here is the translation:

As the stone had a puzzled expression, it nodded slightly with a blank look.

"That's that," Zhao Xu said with a look of understanding.

In an instant, a mysterious magical tome appeared before him, and a terrifying aura burst forth like a mighty flood.

Zhao Xu gently flipped to the third page, and in silence said:

"Prayer spell - turn the person in front of you into a human!"