
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 580: Your Will is My Will

"Instantly, I can recognize your identity just by looking at you," said Du Ya, who was hiding his true identity, but was suddenly exposed by Zhao Xu's one sentence.

"I should be proud of my intelligence agency's exceptional work, or maybe you, Mr. Zhong Xia, are exceptionally perceptive," Du Ya said with a hint of doubt. "I'm absolutely certain I haven't revealed anything suspicious about myself."

Zhao Xu smiled wistfully and said, "No, you're all wrong. It's the powerful magic that lets me know you're Du Ya."

Du Ya waved his hand dismissively and said, "To be honest, I've been thinking about magic nonstop for the past week and a half. I'm clear that no other power can shake me off, only magic and divine power can turn everything around."

As Du Ya spoke, he revealed a look of surprise and admiration, gazing at his own hands in awe. "However, your description of the perfect humans just now is too precise, even I couldn't come up with such a clever explanation myself."

"Just as you quickly guessed my identity, it also made me feel disappointed in the power of magic, and I even thought that all the miracles you created before were under the guidance of divine power."

"Or maybe you're just pretending to be a ordinary mage because you think you're a puppet controlled by the goddess of magic, Sylvivina?"

Du Ya's tone had a hint of mockery as he tried to regain control of the conversation.

At this time, the statue in front had already been replaced by a new group of people, except for the black-clad person who continued to take out bread from their backpack and distribute it. Meanwhile, Zhao Xu's gaze remained fixed on the clay statue in front of him.
Here is the translation of the text:

"If I were to leave immediately, you would have to recall the letter you sent to the Floating City requesting admission to the Mage Academy, and give up becoming a mage. Then, you would continue to build statues in this camp and spread the faith, and change your path of faith. Zhao Xu spoke while handing back Du Ya's letter.

The thick stack of letters was Du Ya's secret correspondence with various organizations over the past few days, with the top 10 letters being sent to the Mage Association. Du Ya had also proposed in the letter that the Mage Association send a few powerful mages to help him quickly level up his mage skills. He even generously promised in the letter that if he were to establish an empire in the future, he would give the Mage Association everything he had.

This was not a price for teaching magic, but the price for the Mage Association's protection.

Unfortunately, Du Ya had sent similar letters in his previous life as well.

At that time, the Mage Association loved "Wang Qingwei".

After the letter was sent to Mistral, even if it was manipulated by someone with ulterior motives for it to pass through, it would eventually be rejected by Aniyo.

These legendary mages did not intervene personally, and it was already the most fair outcome.

In this life, the letter was directly returned to the Mage Association of Yu Nan due to the excessive reason, and fell into Zhao Xu's hands.

At this moment, although it was not explicitly stated, the high-ranking mages in the entire North Territory were clear that the Mage Association of Yu Nan would inevitably become the top mage association in the Wilderness of Doom.

The mages in the Wilderness of Doom had already been determined to be controlled by Zhao Xu when the goddess agreed to relocate the "Falling Star Mage Association" at the moment.

Therefore, relying on this kind of authority, Zhao Xu also saw how Du Ya, who was standing in a rising posture facing the camp residents, was bowing down in the letter."
Here is the translation of the text:

This is the gap of being one step behind. Even if Du Ya's current posture is to crush most players, the static values of the character card are comparable to the peak existence among players, but he still lacks depth. This is also the reason why Zhao Xu didn't pay much attention to this name from the beginning. On one hand, the other party didn't join the game; on the other hand, he suspected that the early transcendence might not be able to become a perfect human.

Moreover, Du Ya is destined to be unable to become a professional player like others. Players have completed their professional training in a week to become a mage, and in three days to become a warrior. Let alone the one who lagged behind, who could only envy. Since he has transcended, Du Ya will not accept his weak foundation.

Therefore, he planned to break through to a level one mage in a month from the beginning. "You lost your craft, did you realize that even if I became the first mage among players, I'm not as strong as you thought?" Zhao Xu also returned to the main topic.

The Du Ya in front of him, with a cloak robe and a hood covering his face, looked more rugged and angular than the young man in the statue, showing a sense of extraordinary bearing.

When Du Ya heard the word "true" this time, his breathing also paused slightly.

The two were inconsistent, and the false one was the statue, not the man in front of him.

This is the part of the truth that Zhao Xu pointed out in his words.
It's also the key point that exceeds everyone's imagination in this encounter.
Zhao Xu knew that Du Ya didn't disguise himself; the appearance of the statue was fake, not the other way around.
Here is the translation of the text:

"So, Yang An's intelligence power is far beyond my imagination," Du An sighed.

"No, I said from the beginning, it's the magic power that's far beyond your imagination," Zhao Xu said, taking a few light steps forward.

"Even if an individual's intelligence and reasoning are exceptional, it's impossible to break free from the old framework of thinking under the condition of insufficient knowledge background. People in the steam age couldn't imagine the miracles of the electric age before Faraday's electromagnetic induction law was summarized."

"Simultaneously, physicists who stand on the classical physical system of the old era will be equally astonished when they see quantum mechanics and general relativity in the new century."

"Moreover, including you, Du An, if the premise of your reasoning is wrong, it will inevitably lead to an incorrect conclusion," Zhao Xu said.

"The oil paste made from 25 gold coins' worth of honey and lotus, applied to the eyelids, is a requirement for casting the 'Piercing Truth' spell."

"Even after the incense used in the spell is gone, the damp, animal hide-like scent will still linger in the nostrils, exerting a stimulating effect. At this moment, the recipient's eyes will see everyone around them as suspicious, as if they are different from what they seemed before."

As Zhao Xu spoke, he gazed at Du An with an eyes that seemed to see through everything.

"In this state, I can only maintain focus and see the true appearance of living beings within a 12-meter radius. This includes whether the target has undergone transformation, disguise, or alteration, and what their true appearance looks like. If the target has the ability to transform, it will still be visible in their true form."

"You haven't disguised yourself, and it's not worth mentioning," Zhao Xu added.
Here is the translation of the text:

Duyao, who had been proud of his perfect template, suddenly became cautious. He spoke in a speculative tone, "Although I haven't received formal magical education this week, I have still mastered magic and have players bowing to me."

"Meanwhile, I've also summarized the Arthur's law - only rules can be challenged."

As Duyao continued, he turned to Zhao Xu and said, "Incantation, posture, and materials are all required for magic, and I've never seen any of them on you, not even the most basic magical materials."

"Mr. Zhong, even if you use the spellcasting talent and the talent of silent spellcasting, you still can't dispense with magical materials. This is not a matter of less than 1 gold coin's worth of magical materials, so you can't use the talent of spellcasting without materials."

Just like the fragile faith was shattered, Duyao's tone suddenly rose, and he attracted a lot of attention from around him.

In response to this question, Zhao Xu smiled and lightly waved his wand.

"Firstly, I can tell you that Arthur will not have any existence that violates the rules, but there are exceptions that break the rules. I can tell you that there are ways to cast spells without leaving any trace, without revealing any clues."

This point can be achieved by using the "super natural spellcasting" ability, eliminating all the elements except for magical materials, including posture and incantation.

Therefore, even if someone controls Zhao Xu's actions, he can still freely cast the spells he wants.

"Secondly, I can tell you that the method I just used is not an invisible spellcasting in front of you."

The originally confident Duyao suddenly had a widened pupil, as if whispering to himself, "Impossible, it can't be done."

Zhao Xu had just told the other person that there was a cheat, but then told Duyao that he was defeated by another cheat.
Here is the translation of the text:

At this moment, Zhao Xu didn't even hint at using magic. He just looked at the other person with a straightforward gaze, saying, "I've said it, the power of the Arthurian magic, you know nothing about it."
"And the power outside of magic, you also know nothing about it."

With an air of superiority, Zhao Xu's entire body seemed to tower over the other person, even exuding a sense of sacredness that couldn't be defied.

In reality, Zhao Xu didn't deceive the other person because the "Divine Insight" spell he possessed was a perpetual magic that could last for 24 hours, even when he was in the West Journey world. If he was in the West Journey world right now, this perpetual magic would have the same effect as the "Fire Eye Golden Scale".

Every spell of Zhao Xu's was equivalent to having a "divine power" of some kind.

When he mastered the 80,000 spells, it was as if he possessed 80,000 kinds of divine powers, and these divine powers could be recovered and reused through his latent potential.

"Ah, it's indeed a fascinating world like this," Du Ya said with a calm tone, his originally bewildered eyes regaining their composure.

"When I crossed over, I saw countless ordinary people suffering miserably, with some lamenting the loss of their former wealth and others grieving the loss of loved ones and feeling powerless."

"But I, favored by Heaven, have been granted almost perfect everything. Even the gods have opened their arms to me, and if I agree, I can become a respected pastor at the next moment."

Just as Du Ya was about to collapse from Zhao Xu's relentless verbal assault, he quickly regained his composure and used "language" to prove his own value and significance.
The existence of gods is manifested in the eternal and beautiful natural scenery of the Arthurian world, in the majestic and awe-inspiring military formations on the battlefield, in the grand and magnificent temples in the city, and in the deepest recesses of the hearts of believers.

On one hand, they are the "incarnation" of divinity, stepping into the realm of the gods while shedding their humanity. On the other hand, they are just like humans, filled with emotions such as kindness, cruelty, conservatism, radicalism, simplicity, complexity, friendliness, and tyranny.

As the representatives of the gods on earth, the priests are tasked with carrying out the will of the gods. Even novice priests can save people on the brink of death, and experienced priests can even bring people back to life.

With the priests of the gods, hope and the fire of life are brought to the desolate land. The profession of priesthood has become the most respected and revered in the land.

It is more precious than the "iron rice bowl" of government officials in the ancient Chinese region. Therefore, Du Ya emphasizes to Zhao Xu that even if one's profession is not high-level, they can still easily catch up.

However, Zhao Xu thinks that this is just a futile effort. He slowly opens his hands, and a moment later, a beam of healing light appears in his palm, as if holding a precious pearl of life.

"Is that a healing spell?" Du Ya's face suddenly changes color, and his originally stable breathing becomes turbulent.

Although there have always been rumors of the Summer Solstice Ritual in Arthurian legends, these are just rumors. The gods are not bound by the same rules.

Each level of divine magic means a lower level of magical ability. Assuming that Zhao Xu, a 9th-level spellcaster, can perform a five-ring divine spell, it would mean that the "rules" have been broken.

"Priests have a channel for learning healing spells, which is what you call breaking the rules," Du Ya consoles himself in a hurry.
Here is the translation of the text:

As long as this is the case, it can only be said that the current summer has mastered magic beyond the scope of the wizard's table. Du Ya heard from a subordinate player of a mage that, like the "Dragon Sorcerer" level of spellcasting, there is a profession skill that allows one to learn a spell from a table other than one's own. Therefore, wizards and mages can also learn spells like "Soul Lock", "Resurrection", and "Healing Spell" through this method, which are unique to druids.

"You said you can feel divine favor. You must be clearer than me about what kind of energy I'm holding." Zhao Xu's simple sentence deeply pierced Du Ya's psychological defenses.

Wizards cast spells, but it ultimately relies on "arcane energy". Just as becoming a secret sorcerer requires mastering two-ring arcana and two-ring divine magic, which necessitates a 3rd-level wizard and 3rd-level druid.

In fact, Zhao Xu also knows that there is a specialization called "Spell Conversion" that allows wizards to cast divine magic, such as the Fireball spell. However, he won't explain too much to Du Ya.

In an instant, Du Ya's eyes seemed to lose color. He had just proved to Zhao Xu that he could become the most respected druid in the wilderness at will. But the next moment, Zhao Xu proved to him that he could cast divine magic. So, summer is also a druid, older than him.

Any strong person has a self-constructed logic within themselves. Even if Du Ya faced the unbeatable Wang Qingwei in his past life, he still clung to life with his last breath, convinced that he could turn the tables. And he didn't feel inferior.

But Zhao Xu is proving it to Du Ya now.
Here is the translation of the text:

There was no perfect template for him, and he was even more perfect than the other party. Next, Zhao Xu slowly opened his mouth, releasing a small amount of information from his numerical panel at this moment.

Du Yu's original pride had begun to crumble, bit by bit, as he was gradually worn down.

At this moment, he began to pant heavily, looking around at the surrounding bodyguards who were protecting him, lightly waving his hand as if seeking comfort from them.

"The collective humanoid binding spell."
Zhao Xu said each word clearly, using standard Chinese pronunciation, not the dragon language. He was not casting a spell, but rather telling Du Yu what he planned to do.

Instantly, the three top players in Du Yu's hand, who were about to approach, stood still, as if they had lost their souls.

Zhao Xu had used the "collective humanoid binding spell" of the seventh ring, but the essence of it was actually the "human binding spell" of the third ring, which was simulated through the "spell chain release" special skill.

However, the effect was the same, and the humanoid binding spell chain release was also of the seventh ring.

"Have you seen?" Zhao Xu smiled.

"I know you want me to serve you, but this is just a fantasy." Suddenly, Du Yu shouted loudly, "I am the undisputed leader of this brilliant camp, and I will not submit to anyone, even if I am defeated. I will die standing."

At this moment, the pedestrians on the street were astonished, looking at this side, and after hearing Du Yu's words, they all bowed down, trembling with fear.
Here is the translation of the text into English:

"Do you think my spell should be ineffective against your spell resistance?" Zhao Xū still wore a smile, extremely calm.

"Reduce spell resistance (four rings)."

【Perfect Human Du Ya, your spell resistance drops 15 levels.】

"A fool's touch (two rings), spell multiplication, spell amplification, spell enhancement."

【Perfect Human Du Ya, your intelligence, perception, and charisma decrease by 18 points.】

"Strong curse (six rings, simulated wish spell)."

【Perfect Human Du Ya, your attack, saving throw, attribute check, and skill check are penalized by -8 levels.】

...As Zhao Xū uttered the names of the spells, the effects of most of which were permanent, gradually disappeared from Du Ya's perfect human form, eliminating his advantages and pride.

In the end, Du Ya was reduced to a ordinary civilian.

"Yes, now you can turn back to look."

When he heard this, Du Ya suddenly discovered that the "human binding spell" on his body had disappeared, except that he instinctively restrained himself, fearing that he would act according to Zhao Xū's will.

However, his body still turned around uncontrollably, directly facing the central area of the camp, which was also his residence.

"Forgot to tell you, this time it's a secondary binding spell, two rings."

But at this moment, Du Ya had already lost the ability to listen.

His eyes gazed at the central area of the camp, where the banner bearing his surname was lowered and replaced with the banner representing Ya Nan.
In this short period of time, the camp had already changed hands.

"That's it, you've finished, and so should the last remnants of you be erased from the camp," Zhao Xū's voice whispered behind Du Ya's back, carrying a cold, icy tone.
Du Ya also slightly felt his entire strength draining away, as if he was about to fall asleep and pass away. Suddenly, he used up his last bit of strength to shout loudly: "My lord, from now on, your will is my will."