
Chapter 607 Borrowing Spells, Target Player
Zhao Xu and the others relied on the powerful effect of the "Daylight Spell" to advance in this underground passage, despite the blinding illumination that made it difficult to open their eyes.
Officially, Zhao Xu was searching for the "Teleportation Gate," but he also quietly glanced at the effect of the "Teleportation Spell" engraved deep in his heart.
However, the spell's light never lit up.
He had overestimated it slightly.
It seemed that this land prohibited the effects of teleportation spells, and the previous teleportation gate seemed to be the only passage left. Or rather, only the location of that teleportation gate had not been blocked for teleportation.
Relying on the "Big Light Bulb" effect of the longbow in the hands of the ranger Qing Lu, Zhao Xu and the others encountered no less than three waves of adventurous teams in a short distance.
They were all sent from other camps to investigate the "adventurers" who could emerge from the cave with a large number of undead creatures.
In this dangerous moment, where death was a permanent reality and resurrection was impossible, those who dared to venture into the cave were either the three sisters of the Rose Sword with special pursuits, or others who were fearless and daring.
There were even high-level players who had already gained fame before crossing over.
For a while, this newly reformed team of almost twenty people, although not explicitly led by Zhao Xu, was reluctantly taking on a leadership role due to the presence of two level-five mages in their team and the "key" from the Aslan region.
Moreover, as they interacted more with Zhao Xu and took more steps, the others gradually began to admire and trust him.
And Zhao Xu, like a curious baby, kept asking about the conditions of some camps he had not visited yet.
"So, does this mean that all the adventurers who have gone to explore the camps in the caves have gathered here in this barren and deadly land?" Suddenly, the female mage Qingli spoke up.
"That's right," nodded the wanderer in the group. At this point, his position was even closer to the front than Zhao Xu's, responsible for scouting ahead. His thin figure made people break out in a cold sweat for him.
Slowly, everyone also began to discuss the number of people who had come down to this place at this moment.
During this time, they also encountered one or two skeleton squads. However, these players who were able to go out were all extraordinary, and they quickly turned the skeleton squads into wreckage and the zombie squads into pieces.
The three beautiful sisters, who seemed indifferent and reserved, were also quite heavy-handed.
"Mr. Lone Star."
Suddenly, another second-circle player, a mage, approached Zhao Xu and whispered, "Mr. Lone Star, do you have any thoughts about exchanging spell books for copying?"
After the Great Cataclysm, because of the disappearance of the magic network, the ability of magic was no longer able to permeate the air like particles as before. Therefore, if a spell book was lent to another mage for copying, and the magical energy inside was read and absorbed, the contents of the spell book would easily disappear, becoming blank.
Even if expensive materials were added to the ink and a specially made goose feather pen was used, the cost of copying was still as high as 100 gold coins per page, and X-level spells required X pages to be copied.
So generally, when mages borrowed spell books, they would use the "exchange and copy" method.
You copy one for me, and I'll copy one for you.
As for the risk of "losing spells", it is natural to prepare the "borrowed" spells in the spell slot before borrowing them, so that if they really disappear, you can transcribe them by yourself and pay for it. However, generally speaking, many mages spend gold coins to pray to the goddess of magic. Then, for a period of time, those magical words can be protected and will not wear out due to transcription. However, under normal circumstances, the cost of protection is 50 gold coins per spell, which is close to half of the normal transcription cost. It's like buying insurance at half price. "Do you need to transcribe spells?" Zhao Xu couldn't help but be surprised, "This is not a good place to transcribe spells. And after players mages cross over, even if they have just experienced this undead war, it is unlikely that they will level up." In other words, Zhao Xu also believes that the player mage on the opposite side, if he is a genius, can consolidate all the magical knowledge in two weeks and successfully break through to the next level. The surrounding environment may not be full of crises, but night attacks are always unavoidable. Even if the mage on the opposite side has a spell book, it is difficult for them to spend 24 hours transcribing a spell peacefully. Although their voices were not loud, the trade involving spells and hundreds of gold coins immediately caught the attention of everyone. The second-level mage sighed in frustration, "I had just reached level 3 before I crossed over, and at that time I hadn't reached the local mage association to exchange for the free transcription of 2 spells for leveling up. Who knew that night the midsummer mage suddenly announced the news of crossing over." "As a result," the young mage said with a bitter smile, "as a result, everyone also knows that the game was shut down directly. It was a month later when I crossed over."
Here is the translation of the text:

"Oh, yes, that Summer Solstice mage guessed that Arthur was real and that the whole population would cross over this thing. But he didn't expect that there would be another mountain even higher, and he was directly suppressed by the will above."

"Good thing he's stubborn, he wasn't destroyed by the plan above."

A mouthy player in the forest said, pointing to the sky, indicating the gods.

In two weeks, the players basically guessed the inside story of the crossing, almost to the point of perfection.

Even players who didn't believe in the gods at first, especially those who claimed to be invincible and would eventually kill the gods and take the goddess as a mistress, also became cautious and honest.

People talked about the gods, but didn't dare to use malicious language, even using phrases like "above" to refer to them, just like in ancient times they avoided mentioning them.

"Mr. Mage, what do you think?" the young mage asked, trying to steer the conversation back on track, but Zhao Xu was a bit dazed.

He had many spells and was considered to be without exception, like a five-ring system.

Except for the final scroll space in the floating city of Mistral and the acausal archive in the central building of the Mage Association, even legendary mages didn't have what he had at this time.

Moreover, he relied on the "final scroll" space to record a spell in a few seconds.

Otherwise, even if he didn't eat or sleep and recorded spells for 24 hours, he still wouldn't have recorded all the two-ring spells.

"The situation is a bit special," Zhao Xu said with a hint of reluctance.

He actually wanted to help new mages, but he had everything, including no spellbook.

Moreover, he didn't need to record other people's spells.

Instantly, an idea flashed in Zhao Xu's mind.
"I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you cannot provide me with spells that I do not have mastery of."

"However, if you are willing to go to Yanan, I can provide you with a second-level arcane scroll for free transcription."

That second-level scroll, even wiping his butt, he finds it too hard, but bringing a new mage to Yanan, the significance is different.

At this point, Zhao Xu's eyes became even brighter.

The entire "cave bottom" at this moment, isn't it the most elite group of players in this barren and dead land?

It has naturally selected him!