
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 063: Identifying Magical Arts

"Teacher, how much is this Aern stone worth?" Zhao Xu looked a bit incredulous.

He had already seen that there was no limit on the quantity of "Aern stone (orange prism)" on his character card, indicating that this valuable item was now under his control.

"36,000 GP," Anniya said.

Zhao Xu couldn't believe it. He had just obtained something worth 700 pounds of gold?

But on the other hand, Zhao Xu felt that he had finally experienced the cost of "casting level +1".

"This is a non-attribute bonus, which can be stacked naturally. Don't worry too much about it. After all, you'll have to give it back to me later."

Zhao Xu didn't care about returning it.

What mattered most to him was that, as a 1st-level mage, the effect was almost like a multiplier.

If he leveled up to 11th level, the effect would be equivalent to a 10% increase. But for him, the effect was equivalent to a 100% increase, as long as the level was determined by the mage's level.

Even if his mage level increased by 1, he would still need to wait until he reached 3rd level to cast a 2nd-level spell. Zhao Xu felt extremely satisfied.

At this time, Zhao Xu also noticed that his character card had undergone a related change.

【Character Level: 1 (dual elite)
Occupation 1: 1st-level mage
Arcane occupation level: 1st level
Arcane caster level: 2nd level = 1 (mage) + 1 (Aern stone)
Occupation 2: 1st-level priest】
Here is the translation of the text:

Class Level: 1 (Divine Magic)
Magic Caster Level: 2 (1 Priest + 1 Aine Stone)
As expected, even the divine magic related to his priestly skills was also affected, and he could now heal an additional point.

"Right, I need to correct you again. The target of 'Reading Magic' is oneself, and it can only be cast on oneself. I cannot cast it on you," Anzinoia said.

"Not to mention, 'Mage Ward' has the ability to release magic targeted at oneself to others, right?" Zhao Xu embarrassedly replied.

He remembered very clearly that his classmates had boasted about this ability during his time at school.

Some high-level magic can only be cast on oneself and cannot be shared with teammates.

"Mage Ward' is the only skill that can do this, and it lives up to its name," Anzinoia said with a gentle smile.

"I think I roughly understand now. You're not exactly born with knowledge, more like you've heard it through the grapevine," Anzinoia said with a smile.

"Remember, that ability can only transfer defensive magic, and what about 'Reading Magic', which is not a defensive magic at all?"

Zhao Xu finally realized that it was not himself who had misheard, nor was it someone else who had misunderstood.

It turned out that the poster had never told the truth at all.

As people tend to emphasize their strong points and gloss over their weak points.

Anzinoia also stood up, holding the book in her hand, preparing to leave.

"Teacher, won't you come with me?" Zhao Xu hastily asked.

It's inconvenient to learn alone.

"And I'll get annoyed with you if we study together," Anzinoia said with a hint of sarcasm.
Here is the translation of the text:

"The mentor, but these books aren't borrowed out, are they?" said the mentor. "Read that sentence again yourself," he said, and then disappeared in an instant, crossing nearly a hundred meters to the entrance of the library, and then slowly leaving.

Zhao Xiu was taken aback. He had just passed the certification by relying on that apprentice badge and had been allowed in by the librarian, who had severely warned him not to damage the books. The librarian had even made him recite the sentence "All books, whether wizards or apprentice wizards, are not borrowed out" before letting him in.

As he walked, he saw many wizards in the library, all of whom were diligently copying books with automatic feather pens, unwilling to wait or take the books. Why did Anzhenya take the books directly, though? The librarian might not have seen clearly, but Zhao Xiu was certain that his waist was bent in a respectful bow.

"He didn't misremember the sentence," he thought, "otherwise the librarian wouldn't have let him in." Suddenly, Zhao Xiu slapped his thigh.

He hadn't misremembered, but wizards and apprentice wizards did not include legendary wizards. It was indeed true that in this floating city, people were more concerned with reputation than with reality. Zhao Xiu re-opened the mysterious book and began to read.

The complex magical script had already gained some charm. Inequality in treatment often drives human progress.

...Over the next two days, Zhao Xiu finally managed to raise his knowledge of the mysterious to level 1. However, he had to rely on his own understanding to overcome other knowledge and skills, which was inefficient."
Here is the translation of the text:

However, according to his estimate, it's likely that some other knowledge and skills will become 1st-grade within the next two or three days.

By the evening, Anzuyo looked at him after he finally pointed out the knowledge (mysterious) to 1st-grade, and took him to the underground plaza to train new skills - spell recognition.

Spell recognition, focus, and knowledge are the three major skills of a mage, just like the three big gates.

The skills include some that don't require training. Even without skill levels, some can be used, such as tumbling and climbing.

However, spell recognition and knowledge skills are both skills that require each person to undergo training before they can be used.

At this moment, Zhao Xu was sitting in the large underground plaza, looking at many novice mages releasing their rare spells, while he himself was looking confused.

"'Teacher, you brought me here just to watch them?' Zhao Xu couldn't bring himself to say the words 'monkey show' again.

After all, he was only good at monkeying around.

"'The ability of spell recognition is trained through this kind of practice. Once you've memorized the spellbook, you need to practice it,'" Anzuyo summarized.

"So, by watching them release 0th-grade and 1st-grade spells, you can improve?"

"No, the spell recognition skill actually has several uses. However, after conducting extensive research, we found that directly recognizing someone's spellcasting is the easiest to train and improve," Anzuyo said.

Zhao Xu finally looked straight at the hundreds of 1st-grade mages in the plaza, who couldn't even cast useful spells in this floating city.

The only user was also just here to learn from each other and show off in the evenings.

"'Teacher, can I just watch?' Zhao Xu asked.

"'Set your skill points to spell recognition,'" Anzuyo said with a bad temper.

"Oh, sorry," Zhao Xu reacted, realizing he was being silly.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Personality cards can be set to prioritize skills, allowing them to precisely improve their skills. It's not like one day, without being careful, they might roll down the stairs, wasting one skill point, and accidentally raise the rolling skill level by one level. Skill points are powerful during their experience growth, allowing them to focus on a specific ability and promote it to the next level. After setting it up, Zhao Xu's gaze fell on the novice mages on the field. Slowly, he began to grasp the incantations and postures of those mages."