
Here is the translation of the text:

Chapter 650: Elector, Silver Flame, Cursed Flame
Level 3? Downgrade to Level 1?
Is it really tailored to him? If so, that's too much.

Zhou Xu stared blankly at An Ti Noya.

After a brief moment of thought, he said to himself, "Elector" refers to the agents of the gods on earth, and their nature is more devout than those called "believers".
As the electors of the magical goddess Sylvina, there are many pure mages.

Thinking about it, receiving the blessings of the goddess, reducing the conditions to achieve the exclusive abilities of "believers" is not a strange thing.

It's safe to assume that the two-level priest level is okay.

Who knows if this method is really effective.

Just thinking about it, Zhou Xu felt a headache.

As the 10th-level divine caster, he had chosen the "Military Sword" of the Nine Swords.
The three martial arts were "Sword Shield" of Iron Heart Flow, "Iron Heart Power", and "Leadership Charge" of White Raven Flow.
The single step was "Leadership Charge" of White Raven Flow.
Unexpectedly, at level 11, he would choose the "Heavenly Punishment Sword", and then 12-18 levels would be the "Red Jade Guard".
Later, he would need to supplement 4 levels of divine caster levels, so the 2-level priest was definitely legendary.

Zhou Xu also understood the plan told by An Ti Noya.

If it really reached a "dead magic zone", he would use his latent potential to simulate the exclusive abilities of the "Sylvina believer" and then activate all his spellcasting abilities.

"By the way, I'll tell you a secret about the dead magic zone," An Ti Noya continued to say.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Essentially, if you're in a dead magic zone, then divination magic is unable to predict the corresponding target, and teleportation magic is also unable to reach the dead magic zone, so you don't need to worry about getting stuck there."

"Moreover, if you really do get stuck, generally speaking, if you have 'Blessing Magic' or 'Miracle Magic', you can repair a dead magic zone with a radius of about 10 meters."

"It's no wonder he didn't mention it at first, Nine Rings are just too far away for him."

"The day Goddess Sylvana didn't descend personally to cure your friend Zheng Xin'an, you know?"

Saying so, Annyonika revealed a hint of mischief.

"You used the Divine Intervention skill three times, which means you've officially become a chosen of the Goddess."

Just as Zhao Xu shook his head, "My mentor, Madame Naiya told me about the abilities of chosen ones, but I haven't seen any of them."

"Haven't seen any?" Annyonika was surprised.

"Yes, but after the Goddess disappeared, I was too busy to pray and ask about the abilities of chosen ones."

When he said this, Annyonika looked incredulous.

"So, from that day to now, you haven't prayed at all?"

Zhao Xu was taken aback.

"My mentor, I only said I didn't pray about this matter, I didn't say I didn't pray at all, how do you know?"

"You numbskull," Annyonika said with a tinge of disdain.

"What a blessing you are, a 1st-level priest. You're the only priest in the world who can take the time to pray to the gods without putting in any effort."

"Goddess Sylvana still endures you, a fake believer, it's really impressive."

After leaving the floating city of Mystra, Zhao Xu's abilities had increased, and he was now being educated by others, without being exposed on the spot like this.
Here is the translation of the text:

Zhao Xu was aware that he had not done his job well, and he had been impolite to the goddess Sylvina. In general, a priest's daily prayer ritual can also help them receive divine power, so even a busy priest will not forget to do this. It's as important as a wizard preparing their spells every day.

However, Zhao Xu had a "latent potential" that allowed him to skip the daily prayer ritual and waste an hour praying for divine power. But he had neglected to do so for several days, which was unacceptable.

Sylvina had thought that Zhao Xu would communicate with her about prayer the next day. But to her surprise, Zhao Xu had waited for half a week!

"Are you kidding me?" said Anny, who had never encountered a priest like Zhao Xu.

As a preacher, Zhao Xu was supposed to be diligent in his duties, but he had been lazy and omitted the basic prayers. Zhao Xu heard this and quickly sat down, closed his eyes, and began to prepare for prayer.

If he didn't hurry up, the goddess might take away his identity as a priest, which would be disastrous.

Zhao Xu immediately sat down on the platform, clasped his hands together, crossed his legs, and ignored the cold floor. In a typical church, priests would kneel on the ground with their legs folded, demonstrating their devotion.
Here is the translation of the text:

In an instant, a vast number of colorful "bubbles" seemed to float upwards from the top of the tower, as the surge of divine energy approached us. Meanwhile, below the tower, the goddess's will was being carried out, and goddess priests from the Holy Land were constantly streaming in to support us. Suddenly, they felt the "divine light" emanating from above the tower.

At that moment, people thought the goddess herself had descended, and numerous priests immediately knelt down towards the tower. Those who had witnessed the goddess's descent just a few days prior, including some who had even officially become priests and gained divine energy, were so moved that they, along with ordinary citizens, knelt down towards the tower in unison.

The construction workers, including the foreman who was overseeing the project, also followed suit, bowing their heads and murmuring a few phrases of prayer. Meanwhile, the tower, which was shrouded in dark clouds, was being filled with an endless influx of energy by Zh훮o Xu.

Zh훮o Xu himself had not anticipated that the goddess's power would be transmitted so fiercely. Anzhilena watched the scene unfold and whispered to herself, "Oh, just continue spoiling him, I suppose."

In an instant, Zh훮o Xu's eyes snapped open.

"You, elector of the summer solstice, have been granted the abilities of 'Reward Spell', 'Immunity', 'Immunity', 'Detection Magic', 'Silver Fire', and 'Attribute Enhancement'."

The next moment, Zh훮o Xu felt a surge of powerful divine energy emanating from his body, as if an invisible aura had enveloped him.

Reward Spell (Class Ability): Each day, you can use one of the following abilities: a ring with a value of one to nine, which cannot be changed after selection.
Here is the translation of the text:

Immunity (Supernatural Ability): Like its named "Immunity", it allows you to choose one to nine rings of magic, limited to magic that requires magical resistance, so magic like "Lawbreaking Magic" cannot be immune.

These two abilities instantly increased Zhao Xu's attack and defense abilities, especially since he had mastered magic from the sixth to ninth rings beforehand.

Although each day can only hold one, it greatly increases his abilities, and he no longer relies on scrolls to cast high-level magic.

The remaining immunity is the special ability to immune to aging, diseases, disintegration, and toxic effects.

Moreover, Zhao Xu no longer needs to sleep.

Detection Magic: From now on, his field of vision is equipped with detection magic effects.

Silver Flame: From now on, he can use the silver flame ability.

Attribute Enhancement: As a chosen one, Zhao Xu's physical condition directly increases by 10 points, raising his attribute to 27 points.

At this moment, looking at Zhao Xu's drastically changed aura, Anzhi Noya also clearly understood what had happened.

She reminded him, "As for the reward magic and immunity magic, you can choose them according to your actual needs from now on."

"Saying so, a group of silver-flamed flames appeared in front of her.

"Teacher, are you also a chosen one?" Zhao Xu couldn't help but be curious.

Compared to his previous experiences, he had gone back in time over a thousand years and saw Anzhi Noya and Sylvia West before they became gods.

At that time, the two could be said to be in a parallel relationship.

Not to mention from a historical perspective, Sylvia West became a magic apprentice, while Anzhi Noya had already become a legendary mage.

As a chosen one, Zhao Xu was her junior, which made Anzhi Noya look a bit awkward.

"You're asking where my silver flame ability comes from?"

Anzhi Noya couldn't help but raise an eyebrow at Zhao Xu.

"The silver flame is the key to the 'Final Scroll'."
Here is the translation of the text:

As long as you can grasp and smoothly use the "Silver Flame", then you will be eligible to enter the "True Space" of the final scroll, and you will no longer be wandering in the projection space.

Zhao Xu couldn't help but have a moment of enlightenment.

Mistral placed a mystical seal, which, theoretically, restricts the magical zone. However, this is not a natural phenomenon, but was deliberately constructed using legendary magic.

Only when he became a guardian of magic, executing his ability, did the restriction disappear.

Now, the "Final Scroll" is the same.

It turns out that the ability to open it is using the unique ability of the "Ceciliana Electors" known as the "Silver Flame"?

It seems that his identity as a secret transmitter of the "Final Scroll" faction has finally been revealed.

Zhao Xu had always wondered why he had never seen the leader of the "Final Scroll" faction.

It turned out that they were all electors of the goddess.

"Since you have mastered this ability, I will now start teaching you to make you proficient in this ability. Please release your energy first."

Zhao Xu knew that this was a crucial lesson.

He didn't think too much, slowly condensing all his energy, attempting to guide the energy to flow out.

Slowly, a magnificent silver-white flame emerged from Zhao Xu's body, immediately surrounding his entire body.

The Silver Flame also emitted a warm and comforting aura, directly dispelling the oppressive air before the impending torrent of rain.

"The Silver Flame has multiple effects," Anniya explained.

"The first use is to produce a 'Warm Ring' or 'Heart Shield Ring' effect, and it can also allow you to breathe underwater."
Here is the translation of the text:

The warm ring, adorned with red stone, can maintain warmth and allow the wearer to withstand cold and frostbite, similar to the "Elemental Resistance" spell, costing 2100 gold coins.

The Mind Shield ring, a handmade golden ring, can prevent the wearer from being affected by "Psychic Detection", "Truth Detection", or any other divination spells that aim to reveal the wearer's allegiance, costing 8000 gold coins.

As for breathing underwater, Zhao Xu had used it before during his exploration of the wizard tower, so it wasn't unfamiliar to him.

"Of course, you can also use it to dispel the effects of coercion, similar to the high-level dispelling magic of the sixth circle, where you can only use one of the effects at a time."

Zhao Xu's expression turned serious as he listened to these words and focused his willpower, activating various effects of the silver fire on his own body.

"The second use is that silver fire can be used to sustain the body's physical functions, allowing one to go without food and water for up to 7 days, but only once every 10 days."

Zhao Xu looked up at the Ayn stone on his head, which allowed him to survive without water and food. The seven-colored spindle stone, on the other hand, allowed him to sustain his life without air.

However, these are magical items, and they will not work in the Dead Magic Zone. Therefore, a wizard trapped in the Dead Magic Zone will eventually starve to death, and the silver fire can prevent this situation.

Zhao Xu suddenly felt that, with the silver fire in his possession, he might not have to deal with the Dead Magic Zone in the future.

"The third use is that every 70 minutes, you can use the silver fire to unleash explosive silver flames, two meters wide and 20 meters long. This flame wave can not only penetrate obstacles like the 'Lightning Bolt' spell but also penetrate all magical barriers and spell resistance, causing 4-48 (4d12) damage."

Anzio explained.
Here is the translation of the text:

"Can you pierce through all barriers?" At this moment, even Zhao Xu had a look of surprise.

Is this not equivalent to a guaranteed hit?

After all, he can unleash his full strength against Death God. Otherwise, a single "Rainbow Light Sphere" would be enough to make Zhao Xu's head ache as he tries to disassemble it.

Although the damage itself is not high, it still represents a possibility, waiting for Zhao Xu to dig it up.

"As for the last one," said Anzefi Noya with a mysterious smile. "That is, you can release the silver fire and form a cone-shaped shield with a radius of 20 meters."

"This will not cause any damage, but it can repair the area within the scope of the dead magic zone and cancel all the antimagic effects within that scope."

Hearing this, Zhao Xu finally couldn't help but slap his thigh.

It turned out that this was the true way to break through the "dead magic zone".
At this moment, he had two abilities to counter the dead magic zone: "Entrusted" and "Silver Fire". He could even choose "Prayer Magic", which would be the third option.

"However, I warn you, this method will directly tap into the network of magical origin, so unless it is absolutely necessary, Sylviana does not encourage this method."

At this moment, Zhao Xu's heart was no longer on the silver fire.
He couldn't help but stare intensely at Anzefi Noya.

"Teacher, does this mean that silver fire is the carrier of magical origin energy?"

"No."

"Strictly speaking, silver fire is a specialized energy."

"Pure magical origin energy is actually spellfire."

Immediately, a cluster of silver-white medical abilities spread out from Anzefi Noya's side.