Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1018: Giant Pit

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“The strongest sword?” Ling Han was surprised.

This was not something to be said easily; did the strongest exist in this world? There would always be a mountain taller than the last. There was only talk of a stronger existence, so where would this strongest sword come from?

Yang Tiecheng and the others shook their heads as well. The talk of the strongest should only be the naive thoughts of a child.

“The strongest sword!” Jin Zhihui shook his head continuously. “I will definitely forge the strongest sword!”

“How?” Ling Han was very intrigued.

Jin Zhihui’s whole head was filled with forging swords, and now that he thought of Ling Han as an intimate friend, he would naturally not mind sharing a secret with him. He thus said, “I am studying a kind of material. If I can successfully refine it, there is hope of forging the strongest sword.”

Pu!

Yang Tiecheng and the others were all disdainful. What material would be that awesome? If there really was this kind of material, what would be left for you to study? It would have long since been snatched away by others.

Yet Jin Zhihui did not spare these people a look. Instead, he minded his own business, and said, “This is a king of materials that has endless possibilities of improvement. You see, when we forge a sword, no matter how much effort we expend, it would still be limited by the material that it is forged from.”

“True.” Ling Han nodded. You could not possibly forge a piece of Level One Godly metal into a Level Two God Tool, as the material itself determined that it was impossible.

“However, if I could extract that kind of material, no, no, no, that kind of essence, and forge it into a weapon, it would be able to automatically swallow other materials or God Tools. From Level One to Level Two, from Level Two to Level Three, there would be endless room for improvement,” Jin Zhihui explained excitedly.

Instantly, the eyes of Yang Tiecheng and the others all widened. Even their mouths were about to fly open—they were that dumbstruck.

A God Tool that had endless room from improvement?

Putting aside actually making it reality, the mere thought of it was enough to chill the spine. Would any other person think of this kind of fantastical story? If a God Tool like that really appeared, the whole world would experience a revolution because of it!

Ling Han was also stunned. Then, he put his hand on Jin Zhihui’s shoulder heavily. “Brother Jin, you are definitely a genius without compare!”

Jin Zhihui looked absolutely touched. When he related this theory to his clansmen, even when his father heard it, all he received was mockery and ridicule. Even his father who had the highest opinion of him advised him to give up such an unrealistic idea.

“Brother Ling, do you believe I can forge that kind of sword?” he asked.

Ling Han smiled slightly, and said, “If you don’t try, then there really won’t be the slightest bit of possibility, but if you work at it, then even if there was only a one-in-a-million chance of success, there is still at least a sliver of hope!”

“Yes! Yes! Yes!” Jin Zhihui continued to nod his head. Ling Han’s words had really touched his heart, causing him to feel as if he had met an intimate friend, and he wanted nothing more than to completely devote himself to Ling Han.

Meanwhile, Yang Tiecheng and the others lost interest. The “strongest sword” sounded very awesome, but no matter how they thought about it, it was an impossible endeavor.

“Brother Ling, after I forge this Divine Sword, I will send it to you!” Jin Zhihui said. He loved forging swords, but was no swordsman himself. In truth, all the members of the Swordforge Manor were outstanding masters of the hammer because they needed to wave their hammers endlessly when they were forging weapons. On the other hand, they were not accustomed to using swords.

“Then I’ll be waiting,” Ling Han said with a smile.

Jin Zhihui nodded seriously. Because he had met with a bottleneck, he wanted to travel around to improve his mood and seek some inspiration. The deathly battles these few days had given him quite a bit of comprehension.

However, though he had no worldly experience, he was no idiot himself. Hence, he did not speak out any bit about this fact.

He had made his decision. After he returned, he would cultivate in seclusion, and after he came out of seclusion, who knew, he might have solved all the problems plaguing him, and he would be able to forge the strongest Divine Sword in history.

The group of six walked in the dark jungle. However, all of a sudden, a wide space appeared ahead of them, revealing the blinding sunlight, and the six people gaped at the same time due to their intense shock.

Ahead of them, there actually appeared an incredibly, incomparably massive deep pit!

This pit was overwhelmingly huge. It occupied about one-third of the island, and its incredible depth was unfathomable. The walls of the pit were completely steep, without the slightest bit of foothold, as smooth as a mirror.

It was like a pillar that connected to the heavens had stabbed this place, and left behind such a hollow between heaven and earth!

This was too sudden. Just one step ago, they had still been in the jungle, but in the space of a single step, the jungle had disappeared, and this kind of steep cliff had appeared. If they had not been careful, they would have directly taken the wrong step and fallen in.

It should be known that the gravity in this region was frighteningly huge, and there was no use for Flight God Tools. If one actually fell into this kind of deep pit... then it was really unknown whether he would be able to ever come out again.

It was not that scary out at sea, because the gradient out at sea was relatively gentle. One would only need to travel in a specific direction, and there would come a day when he would be able to reach shore.

But here?

If one fell in, there was a high possibility that he would never come out again.

They all stretched out their heads and looked down from the edge of the steep cliff, and could only see that the bottom was an unfathomably deep darkness, just as if it could reach the core of the Joint Peace Planet. If that was true, then even an elite of the Heavenly Body Tier would die if he fell in!

The divine flame inside the planet was definitely capable of turning even an elite of the Heavenly Body Tier to ashes.

When they stretched out their heads to look, they were still affected by gravity. They quickly retreated back to safety. If they lost balance and fell in, they would be done for.

“Lord Yang, have you heard of this island?” Ling Han asked.

Yang Tiecheng looked completely astonished. He shook his head slowly, and answered, “Apologies. Although the Yang Clan is known as the overlord of the Star Sea, I did not know that such an island existed.”

Sure enough, even the Yang Clan did not know.

All of them were silent. All of a sudden, this island was shrouded in a veil of mystery, and though the mystery would cause one to feel curiosity, at the same time, it also symbolized unknown dangers.

Ling Han chopped down a huge tree, and then threw it into the deep pit.

Xiu , the huge tree fell down, and very soon became a little black dot. Then, it was swallowed by the darkness inside the deep pit, and there was soon no sign of it. There was no sound of impact to be heard even after a very long time.

“The bottom is not connected with the sea,” Ling Han said.

Everyone nodded. Though they had climbed some slopes along their way on this island, the sea level was definitely not that low. They should have long since heard the sound of the tree splashing into the sea.

If it was connected with the sea, then they would only need to enter and explore. They would still be able to find a water channel that connected to the sea, and then find some way to go ashore. But, the current situation was that this pit was very possibly tens of thousands of meters deep. That was too frightening.

Ling Han activated the Eye of Truth, but it was of no use. He still could not see to the bottom.

“Huh?”

Yang Tiecheng was the first to look guarded. Very quickly, Ling Han and the others went on the alert as well, and looked towards their left. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Huala , three people suddenly walked out of the dense jungle.

It was not Luo Wu, Fan Yong, and Liu Ying, but rather three young men. They were seated respectively on a tiger, wolf, and panther. However, upon another look, one would realize that these three fierce beasts were not real animals. Instead, they were forged from metal, and could not really be considered all that full of life. One only need to take a closer look, and would realize that they were not real animals.

“Puppeteers!” Yang Tiecheng and the others exclaimed simultaneously.