Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1051: The Moment of Life and Death

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Everyone nodded.

Even though the consummate level of Mountain River Tier was a mere step away from the Sun Moon Tier, this single step was incomparably far. Pseudo-Sun Moon Tier was the battle prowess that was truly incredibly close to the Sun Moon Tier, but this cultivation level only existed in theory, normally speaking.

However, some elites had deduced that only a seven-star genius would be able to force their way into battle prowess on the level of pseudo-Sun Moon Tier when they were at the peak stage of consummate level.

But even a five-star genius only existed in myths, so where would they find a seven-star genius?

Thus, no matter what secret technique had been used to allow one’s battle prowess to rise up to seven stars or even more than that, the price paid would definitely be huge. It was possible that after this one burst of power, the user would directly be crippled, or even die!

“This is an assassination!” Someone realized.

“This is a plan to murder Ling Han in front of the public, and the price would be a cultivator at the consummate level of Mountain River Tier!”

“Humph, exactly which force is behind this?”

“The Eternity Sky Majestic Empire? Jade Drop Majestic Empire? Or... the Dark Night Hall?”

“Aside from these three great forces, there would be no other force that could afford to do this.”

These elites immediately issued the command for the restrictions on the Iron Blood Stadium to be activated. Whether they could stop the battle or not, they could not do nothing and simply sit here to watch, right?

And in another VIP seat, Zhao Lun was also passing judgement, and saying something along these lines.

He was naturally not going to say that this Wu Ziren was someone he had hired from the Dark Night Hall, yet very clearly analyzed this man’s battle prowess.

Pseudo-Sun Moon Tier... Even he would have to exert a little bit of effort to kill a man of this caliber. Then, killing Ling Han was really too easy. It would only be a matter of one or two moves.

Shui Yanyu immediately became nervous. She had been worrying all this while, and now that she knew that Wu Ziren actually possessed battle prowess on the level of pseudo-Sun Moon Tier, she finally turned ashen.

Why would such an elite be called pseudo-Sun Moon Tier?

With the words of ‘Sun Moon Tier’, there was a massive gulf distinguishing him from the Mountain River Tier!

This was a gap that could crush all opposition.

She kept comforting herself internally. Ling Han had fought pseudo-Sun Moon Tier puppets before, and he still had many treasures. He had so many cards under his sleeve that it had exceeded anyone’s imagination.

Furthermore, Ling Han’s physique was also tough. Worse come to worst, he would get a few injuries, but whatever happened, he could still duck into the Black Tower, so it was impossible that he would die.

As for how many troubles would be attracted by revealing the secret of a Spatial God Tool in public, that was something to worry about in future. He first had to survive this present calamity.

Zhao Lun, meanwhile, smirked coldly. This time, Ling Han would definitely be unable to escape!

Ling Han was stunned. The aura that his opponent was exuding was nothing unfamiliar to him.

Demonic Qi!

Demonic Qi could actually appear on a member of the human race? Could it be that he had also refined the essence of a Demon Master just like him?

No, no, no. In terms of quality, the level of this Demonic Qi was very low. He estimated it to be not that much stronger than the Asura Demon Emperor’s. His opponent’s abilities suddenly rose sharply, so he must have made use of the conflict between the Regulations from the two different Realms of the Immortal Realm and the Netherworld.

Fast Technique only slightly damaged the Regulations, and had caused such great strain on Ling Han already. Now, Wu Ziren actually allowed the Regulations from the two Realms to collide in his body and explode. Although this would bring him frightening power, the destructive ability was naturally far more than whatever boost of power he attained.

‘After this battle, even if he did not die, he would be severely wounded, right?

‘He’s really willing to pay such an exorbitant price!’ Ling Han thought.

At the same time, a powerful vigilance against the Dark Night Hall rose up in him. The usage of Demonic Qi could actually boost one’s battle prowess to such a terrifying extent; he had to stay on guard against them!

And this was only Mountain River Tier. What if a Sun Moon Tier cultivator also got a boost like that? Wouldn’t he then be capable of matching Heavenly Body Tier? If there were more of them, wouldn’t they be able to gang up on and kill a Heavenly Body Tier elite?

Yet he was overthinking things. It was definitely not just anyone that could endure the barrage of Demonic Qi, and it was not just anyone who would have that kind of resolve to sacrifice their life to have a brilliant battle. Even in the Dark Night Hall, there was a limited number of such death warriors.

“Die!” Wu Ziren boosted his battle prowess to its peak. Boom , his aura turned solid, and he became like a Great Demon God that could destroy the heavens and earth. Then he delivered an attack at Ling Han.

He raised his hand, and a fist punched out towards Ling Han. One fist turned into something about the size of a house, and vacuum actually formed behind it, the space itself twisting due to the force produced as it flew forward.

This was absolutely dominating power. Even Ling Han could possibly be pounded directly into mush if he took a punch head on; Level Three Godly metal was definitely incapable of blocking the power of the Sun Moon Tier.

How could it be blocked?

Ling Han retreated, but this was the Iron Blood Stadium. The battleground was indeed very big, but however big it was, there was a limit to its size. Very soon, he had retreated to the wall, and Wu Ziren’s punch had also arrived with all its overwhelming force.

Ling Han released a soft shout, and his whole person stood on the wall. He pushed out his right hand, and extended it to its maximum, his whole person turning into a perfectly straight line.

His hand, meanwhile, was gripping a brick.

It was precisely the Absolute Beginning Stone.

Peng!

As the punch arrived, blood sprayed out.

“Wa!” Ling Han threw up blood. The Absolute Beginning Stone could completely absorb any attack, but it was limited by its own size. Though he had turned his body into a straight line, trying to hide as much as he could behind the Absolute Beginning Stone, it was still unable to completely shield his body.

HIs right shoulder had completely been turned into mush, and he had also lost half his right foot. His left leg, meanwhile, along with his groin, was one-third smaller than before.

However, he had survived this attack!

With the channeling of a drop of Indestructible True Fluid, in that one instant, all the injuries on Ling Han’s body recovered completely. Immediately, he had returned to prime condition.

He summoned the Divine Sword, and used the Fast Technique.

Wu Ziren was astonished, and hurriedly stretched out his arms to protect his chest because he saw that the light of the sword was shooting towards his heart.

However, he had just barely raised his arm when he discovered he could not exert any strength no matter how hard he tried—he had been blocked by the Absolute Beginning Stone.

And it was in that one moment that the Divine Sword had stabbed towards him.

It was too fast!

The tip of the sword entered his body, piercing his heart!

“Die with me!” Wu Ziren’s eyes were bloodshot. He suddenly opened his mouth, and spat out a sound wave.

This sound wave actually turned into a few hundred black-colored swords. Demonic Qi twined around them, and they shot towards Ling Han.

The Regulations of the two Realms were different. If Demonic Qi entered his body, Ling Han would definitely be crushed by the Dao of Heaven and Earth.

At such a close distance, how would Ling Han be able to dodge it?

Though he tried to dodge as hard as he could, and also blocked a few black swords with the Absolute Beginning Stone, there were really too many black swords. A few still reached him. The defense of Level Three Godly metal was useless as well. The black swords damaged his defense, and pierced right into his body.

“Hahahaha, I have still completed my mission!” Wu Ziren’s expression was filled with madness. He was really a maniac; his heart had already been pierced, and he had still not died immediately.

True, his body had been damaged by the Regulations of the two Realms. He was destined to die after this battle. Hence, his body had long since been damaged, so his vital points were not as vital as they should be.

“I have to disappoint you,” Ling Han said calmly. What a joke; he had already refined the essence of a Demon Master, and even with that, he was unscathed. You, with that little bit of Demonic Qi, wanted to kill him? You were definitely thinking too much.

With a light shake, the black swords shot out of his body one after another, turning into streams of black Qi, and Ling Han’s wounds were also rapidly healing. The blood that he had spilt was also bright red.

“How could this be!? How could this be?!” Wu Ziren’s expression was filled with disbelief. How could he have so easily expelled the Demonic Qi that had invaded his body?

‘Are you still f***ing human?’

He was unwilling, but his last bit of strength had gone away with that final attack. Abruptly, he crashed onto the ground, his body shattering. Due to the barrage between the power of Regulations from two Realms, not only did he not die with an intact corpse, he did not even manage to leave behind the slightest bit of flesh.Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com