Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1057: Confronting a Furious River

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Hu Feiyun chattered on. She was just like before—not the least bit subtle, but rather naive and innocent.

She could not keep any secrets at all. As long as she thought you were a good person, she would want nothing more than to share her heart and soul with you in a few words, without holding anything back.

However, most likely because she knew of this “shortcoming” in the Ninth King’s personality, Empress Luan Xing did not allow her to know any classified information, so even if anyone asked, she would not be able to reveal any secrets.

Ling Han had asked in a roundabout manner about the origins of the other eight Kings before, but Hu Feiyun was at a loss. She only knew that the nine of them were as close as sisters with Empress Luan Xing. As for the reason for that, she did not have the slightest idea.

The Nine Kings all had different origins and surnames, and looked completely different. They merely shared one similarity, and that was that they all did not have parents, and seemed to have appeared out of nowhere. All of a sudden, they were bestowed with the title of King, after which their cultivation level would spike, and they eventually became the foundation stones of the empire.

Hu Feiyun did not even remember the matters of her past. She only knew that for as long as she could remember, she had been with Empress Luan Xing. She did not know who her parents were, what was the inheritance of her clan, and was not curious about it at all.

Hearing this, Ling Han’s and Shui Yanyu’s heart pounded madly. Thankfully, there were no female guards in the carriage. Otherwise, if they had related these words to Empress Luan Xing, who knew if both of them might be killed to keep the secret.

Though they did not manage to find out any useful information, just the origin of the Nine Kings was overly mysterious. That, by itself, could possibly be an untouchable taboo.

It should be known that aside from Hu Feiyun, the other eight Kings had all broken through to the Heavenly Body Tier one after another. This was practically an inconceivable miracle. What means did Empress Luan Xing have to be able to see through to one’s potential to finally break through to Heavenly Body Tier when they were still in the Mountain River Tier?

Even for a genius like Ling Han, there was a very high chance that he might perish halfway, and could possibly encounter a barrier in cultivation level which he might not be able to break through for eternity.

Strange, this was extremely strange.

Hu Feiyun was carefree and unworried. She did not at all look like she was leading an army to war, but more like she was going out on a leisurely outing. She had everything in her carriage: a bedroom, kitchen, and even a small garden.

Because there was no dispatch of Flight God Tools, their progress naturally was not all that fast. They had taken a whole two months’ time to exit the Chaotic Stars Majestic Empire, and enter into the territory of the Eastern Rain Nation.

In that instant, Ling Han felt the power of the nation that was enshrouding him disappear; he could no longer get any boost from it.

Thankfully, only he and the Ninth King could draw on the power of the nation of the Chaotic Stars Majestic Empire here. Hence, the influence this had on the whole troop was practically zero.

Ling Han had been making the most of these days to refine the Demonic Power Source. The fact that Zhao Lun’s and Hu Feiyun’s cultivation level had soared caused him to feel pressured. This was the Immortal Realm, and there were all kinds of bizarre means available. He could not be satisfied with the present progression rate of his cultivation.

With the help of the Black Tower, his speed of refining had indeed increased considerably. He successfully broke through to the late stage of the medium extreme, and advanced to the peak stage. Correspondingly, his battle prowess increased as well. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Unfortunately, when it came to concocting the Mysterious Azure Pill, he was still lacking a bit. On the other hand, he was burning through his wealth madly, and was again about to reach the bottom of the pile.

A Level Four Divine Pill. One failure would mean the waste of materials that amounted to a few thousand True Origin Stones.

“Greetings, Ninth King!” After they entered the Eastern Rain Nation, the higher-ups of the Eastern Rain Nation naturally had to come out to receive them.

Hu Feiyun, on the other hand, had seen this scene so often that she did not have any stage fright at all. She talked cheerfully and wittily with the higher-ups of the Eastern Rain Nation, and then took the initiative to ask to join the battle.

At first, the higher-ups of the Eastern Rain Nation were not very pleased. Although the Chaotic Stars Majestic Empire had sent them a King, this King’s abilities were really too weak. She had not even entered the Sun Moon Tier. What use would there be of an ‘elite’ like this?

If she joined the battle, not only would there be no decrease of pressure on the Eastern Rain Nation, they would have to expend a large amount of manpower to protect this King. Who did not know that Empress Luan Xing treated the Nine Kings like her own sisters?

If anything happened to the Ninth King, it was guaranteed that there was no need for the Golden Lion Nation or the Eternity Sky Majestic Empire to make a move, as the empress would personally eliminate them first.

Moreover, the troops that Hu Feiyun brought were all merely in the Mountain River Tier as well.

But upon further thought, these Mountain River Tier cultivators were not simple characters. They were all the future pillars of the empire, and there were also descendants of great and powerful clans among them. If anything happened to them, would the forces behind them refrain from making a move?

Then, the Eastern Rain Nation would instantly have the support of countless forces.

With that thought, the higher-ups’ worries immediately turned into happiness. They quickly escorted this troop to the frontline. They wanted nothing more than for a few more of them to die so that the Chaotic Stars Majestic Empire would send out a stronger army.

A few days later, the army comprised of the students from the Scarlet Heaven Academy came to the banks of a great river. The great armies of the Golden Lion Nation were on the opposite bank, confronting the troops of the Eastern Rain Nation separated by the river.

This was a furious river, its roaring current possessing terrifying destructive ability.

According to legend, this furious river was created from the swipe of a sword of a supreme elite. It held the supreme sword intent of this elite, which had not completely disappeared even after millions and millions of years had passed. Hence, this river was not something that just anybody could cross. It was necessary to use a ship that could isolate the sword intent as well as have elites of at least Sun Moon Tier stand guard.

The Golden Lion Nation was merely a Royal Empire, and all their elites of the Sun Moon Tier added together only amounted to just over 100, so how could they so easily escort an army across the furious river?

This was a natural barrier, preventing the Golden Lion Nation from invading further. However, at the same time, if the Eastern Rain Nation wanted to reclaim their lost territory, it was likewise an endeavor filled with many ordeals. This furious river would turn around to confine them.

The Academy troops set up camp here. However, the students and soldiers of the Eastern Rain Nation did not mingle together.

Of those who could enroll in the Scarlet Heaven Academy, which one was not a genius? Naturally, they looked down on these soldiers. It should be known that these were only soldiers of a Royal Empire. There were not even many cultivators of the Mountain River Tier, and the majority of them were in the Shattering Void Tier, Heaven Tier, and Deity Transformation Tier.

In these few days, each side was unfriendly to the other. There were even times when they almost started fighting with their own people.

There was nothing else to be done. The two troops could only be separated. Normally, you didn’t come over to my place, and I wouldn’t go to yours, either. It was a situation of each staying in their own territory and minding their own business.

The Golden Lion Nation did not seem to be in a rush to advance. Every day, they would only use the catapults to shoot over a few balls of fire, causing a small commotion without any intention to cross the river to push their assault. The Eastern Rain Nation, on the other hand, was getting anxious. If this continued, all the territory north of the furious river would really become the territory of the Golden Lion Nation.

In the Immortal Realm, the most valuable resources were territory and population. They would directly affect power of the nation.

The general of the Eastern Rain Nation discussed with Hu Feiyun, wanting to begin a counterattack.

“I agree!” The tent flap was pushed open, and in walked a soldierly man who was clad in full armor. His armor was bright silver in color, and there was a handsome face under his helmet. His black locks were also cascading downwards, making him a very warrior-like figure.

Zhao Lun!

Why did he come?

“Your Highness, under command of the Great General Zhao, I have led a small troop over. We shall obey the commands of the Ninth King henceforth,” Zhao Lun said to the Ninth King, half-kneeling on the ground.

A hint of a cold smirk appeared at the corners of his lips. How could he possibly miss such a wonderful opportunity?

It was natural for people to die in battle. In that case, he’d have Ling Han remain in this place forever.