Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1062: Prison Cage

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Boom! Boom! Boom!

At least a dozen giant aura figures surrounded him. Ling Han quickly ducked into the Black Tower, and then moved along with the direction of the impact. Coincidentally, he just happened to be floating in the direction of the altar.

He saw a group of carts steering over from afar.

Those carts... were prison carts!

Every prison cart was shockingly huge. Some were even over a dozen meters tall, and various types of powerful Demonic Beasts were caged within them. These Demonic Beasts were all roaring from the carts, and some had even released their divine sense with a roar, spewing out curses.

Not only were there powerful Demonic Beasts, there were also ordinary animals. There were even humans, and they were all treated like animals, being transported towards the altar.

Was this a living sacrifice?

As the carts drove over, they naturally became attacked by the aura figures as well. However, when the humanoid aura figures rushed over, multiple divine patterns on the carriages lit up, interweaving into a brilliant light. Bang, bang, bang , and the figures were all bounced back.

‘This should be the work of a Heavenly Body Tier elite,’ Ling Han thought. There were some humanoid aura figures that had practically reached the peak stage of the Sun Moon Tier, yet they still collapsed with a single blow. The level of these divine patterns should be about Heavenly Body Tier.

He looked closely, and there was a paper talisman stuck on each cart. It was the paper talisman that was glowing, and forming the divine patterns.

The carts travelled openly, and the aura figures were completely incapable of stopping them.

A thought flashed in Ling Han’s head, and a bold idea formed in his mind. All of a sudden, he appeared from the Black Tower. Weng

, Demonic Qi immediately enshrouded his body, completely concealing him.

Now, no matter who saw him, there was no way they would be able to recognize him, and even if they met once more in the future, they could not possibly link him with his current appearance.

Xiu, xiu, xiu . In a few steps, Ling Han had caught up with the prison carts, and directly pounced over.

On the horse cart, a cart driver coldly uttered, “You are courting death!” He did not have the intention to make a move.

The decree of a Heavenly Body Tier was on this cart, so how could any Mountain River Tier cultivator hope to be able to come nearby? Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Although this Mountain River Tier cultivator was indeed a bit odd, his whole body exuding black Qi, and having an unknown evil feeling, with the decree of Heavenly Body Tier here, what was all that worth? He would be directly turned into pieces by the power of the decree.

Hm?

The cart driver was stunned. He obviously saw that man pounce over, so why had he suddenly disappeared!?

Could it be that he had been turned to dust, not leaving behind even the slightest bit of flesh or blood?

He was a bit confused. However, the inauspicious air here was powerful, so if he had been turned into bits of flesh and blood, then combined with the inauspicious air, it would indeed be difficult to distinguish.

“Big Ironhead, did anything happen?” someone asked loudly from a carriage behind. “I just saw a dark figure pounce on your carriage.”

“Nothing. It was a Mountain River Tier cultivator, possibly someone that slipped away. He should have been turned into dust by His Majesty’s decree!” the cart driver that had been addressed as Big Ironhead replied.

“Haha, that thief wanted to open up the prison carts to release these prisoners and create chaos? He was really too naive. With the decree of His Majesty, whoever comes, it would be useless!” The cart driver behind laughed loudly.

“Of course.” Big Ironhead nodded, and drove the cart forward once more, no longer thinking of the figure that he had glimpsed just now.

Ling Han sat quietly. The instant that he pounced at the cart, he had entered into the Black Tower. It just happened to fall inside the cart. The Black Tower could not be invaded by anything, and naturally would not be stopped by the divine light of the decree.

This cart contained over a dozen prisoners, and they were all Demonic Beasts of the Mountain River Tier. There were fierce tigers with four eyes, some with the head of a bull but the tail of a snake, and giant golden goats, but they were all forcibly compressed by a secret technique, so they were about the size of normal wild animals.

Their cultivation had been restricted. Though they possessed powerful strength in their bodies, they were unable to channel that strength. All of them looked enraged and hopeless.

By the time they had reached this cultivation level, Demonic Beasts were not that much different from humans in terms of intelligence. They were naturally aware that this was an altar, and they were the offerings.

This enraged them, and made them roar, but a while later, they stopped.

They had lost hope.

The carts slowly proceeded to the altar.

Underneath, there was a tunnel, which was big enough to allow these carts to pass through easily. Its width was slightly shocking.

The surrounding environment became dark. Though there were torches in the tunnel, they were not bright enough, which made their surroundings seem oppressive and eerie.

The tunnel quickly reached its end, and a wide space appeared suddenly ahead.

The inside of this altar was hollow. On the other three sides, there were various prison cells partitioned out. They turned and twisted, densely packed together, extending from the lowest floor all the way to the top. The majority of prison cells contained either humans or Demonic Beasts, with some prison cells left empty.

The bottom of the altar had been dug out. The depth was unknown as it had been filled with bright red blood.

Even in the Black Tower, Ling Han felt like he could smell that powerful stench of blood. Even if the bottom of this altar had not been dug very deep, the amount of blood needed merely to fill this slightly was immeasurable.

No wonder there were so many corpses outside. This was really a massive slaughter.

Within the blood pool, or rather, it could even be called a blood lake, there was light flickering vaguely, exuding a shocking coldness.

Tong!

The blood lake gushed, and a huge Demonic Beast was tossed down from above. Its head had been severed, and as its corpse fell into the blood lake, it created ripples. But, very soon, someone would fish its corpse out, and then toss it to one side.

One after another, the prison cells were opened, and the humans and Demonic Beasts brought here by the carts were stuffed in. Then, the bodies were piled into the carts, and would then later be transported out of the altar. The bodies would then be delivered outside to be disposed of.

Ling Han took advantage of the hurry and confusion to get off the cart. Then, he ducked back into the Black Tower as he waited for everyone to leave.

Among the terrible screams, the slaughter was still continuing. One after another, Demonic Beasts and cultivators were thrown down from the top of the altar, dropping into the lake of blood with a splash. The newly arrived prisoners were all snarling in rage at that, knocking strongly on the iron bars of their prison. The “seniors”, though, were already numb, and did not react at all.

The carriages carried off their full load of corpses. Later, there would be a second and third batch of carriages arriving, carrying new sacrifices. At the same time, they would also be taking away the bodies of those that had just been sacrificed.

Aside from the repeated screaming, as well as the splashes, this was actually quite a quiet place. There would be a cultivator patrolling every floor, but because this altar was really too big, one round of patrolling would take a very long time.

Thoughts streaked quickly through Ling Han’s head. When the patrolling cultivator of this floor passed by, he suddenly appeared out of the Black Tower, and grabbed at that man.

The man was astonished. Who would have thought that someone would appear out of nowhere and attack him? He quickly clenched a fist and punched out behind him. In his hurry, he only managed to channel less than 30% of his full power.

Weng , Ling Han used the Seven Kill Subduing Soul Technique. The man did not even manage to release a grunt before he was directly knocked unconscious. At this time, Ling Han’s hand had just gripped onto the man’s neck. With a thought, he drew him into the Black Tower.

He pressed down on the other man, and with a wave of Origin Power, the person released an exclamation of shock, and suddenly regained consciousness.

“How dare you!” the man immediately rebuked. He then raised his voice, and called loudly, “There’s an enemy—”

His scream suddenly stopped. He suddenly realized that he was no longer within the altar!

He couldn’t help but be shocked; what was this place? How long had he been unconscious?

“My master wants to ask you a few questions. You had best cooperate obediently, or I shall devour you!” The Asura Demon Emperor appeared, baring his mouth, his extremely sharp fangs rubbing against that man’s face.

It had to be admitted—the Asura Demon Emperor was really quite suited to this kind of work.