Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1064: Releasing the Prisoners

There was a total of seven Demonic Beasts in the prison cell, and they were all staring at Ling Han with dumbfounded expressions, absolute disbelief on their faces. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

A human actually came here to rescue them?

What a joke; of course they wanted to flee from this place!

“Human, as long as you can rescue me from here, this old bear will owe you a huge debt,” a black bear that was only a meter tall promised. His eyes, however, were purple.

It was a Demonic Beast in the high extreme of the Mountain River Tier, and had long since awakened his intelligence. Now, though, his cultivation level had been suppressed, and his body had been forcibly shrunk to this size, which made him both furious and embarrassed, feeling this was a great humiliation to him.

Purple Eyed Bear had a sliver of bloodline from the Ancient Divine Beast, Overlord Heaven Bear, and he had been actually reduced to this state. This caused him such indignance he wanted to die.

Ling Han said, “I can remove the restrictions on all of you. However, do you think you will be able to flee from this slaughterhouse with just the number here?”

“What ideas do you have?” a donkey asked. He was completely golden in color, and looked even more brilliant than a horse.

Those that were qualified to be imprisoned here were all living beings in the Immortal level. For ordinary beings, they were directly killed and then sacrificed—their vitality was too weak, so there was no need for any ceremony. However, from the Mountain River Tier onwards, living beings possessed incredibly long lifespans, and the effects of sacrificing such creatures were awesome, so they could not be killed rashly.

Ling Han bared a grin, and said, “I have cultivated a secret technique, and can come and go as I like in this place. Thus, this is what I have planned: I will release all the prisoners here, and then you will all move together. Then, no matter what, a portion would ultimately be able to flee successfully.”

The seven Demonic Beasts looked at one another, and finally nodded in agreement.

If it was just the few of them charging out, that was absolutely insufficient to even cause a scratch. However, if all the prisoners in the altar rebelled at the same time, then, just as Ling Han had said, though a great many would still be killed, there would ultimately be a portion that could be lucky enough to escape.

“We’ll do it!” the seven Demonic Beasts exclaimed at the same time.

Ling Han knocked out all seven of the Demonic Beasts in an instant—currently, the cultivation of all these Demonic Beasts was being restricted, so it was much too easy to accomplish this. Then, he drew them inside the Black Tower. Now that they were inside the Black Tower, it was naturally a piece of cake for Ling Han to remove the restrictions on them.

He released the seven Demonic Beasts once more, and woke them up. This stunned all seven of the Demonic Beasts. How had they recovered their cultivation level after suddenly falling unconscious?

However, now they had regained their full abilities, so their confidence increased greatly. Yet, they did not make any rash moves, and silently waited for the signal to move. If they were discovered at this time by the guards, their plan to escape the prison would definitely come to nothing.

They made an agreement that the moment the rebellion began, the others would immediately move.

Because it was highly possible that the guards would discover something was off here ahead of time, they would stake their all to move at that time no matter how many were actually released at that point.

Ling Han continued to circle around prison cells one after another, speaking the same lines.

The prisoners in this place were initially merely waiting for death. However, now that they obtained a sliver of hope, they were naturally incredibly grateful towards Ling Han, and were also willing to cooperate with him to strive for that one minute sliver of survival for themselves.

The operation progressed unexpectedly smoothly. Although Ling Han had liberated those in a great number of prison cells, there was still not the slightest bit of unusual movement in their surroundings.

He did not worry that he would expose the secret of the Black Tower, because he had used Demonic Qi to hide his aura all this while. If he reappeared using his original appearance, it was guaranteed that no Demonic Beast or human would be able to recognize him.

A nonexistent person possessing a Spatial God Tool—what relation would there be to him?

One floor, two floors, three floors. Ling Han continued to head upwards, suppressing the guards all the while, and drawing them into the Black Tower.

These guards were all in the Mountain River Tier, either in low or medium extreme. Naturally, they were no match for Ling Han. They were dealt with by just the Seven Kill Subduing Soul Technique, and not the slightest ripple was caused.

“Do you all wish to live?” He had already liberated one-third of the prison cells, and when he entered a new cell, he spoke the same words.

In this prison cell, there was a total of four people, as well as a small dog. It was in the Shattering Void Tier, and who knew how it had managed to last until now.

The four hurriedly nodded, and when Ling Han informed them of his plan, they gladly agreed.

Ling Han knocked the four people and one dog unconscious before drawing them into the Black Tower. Using the same trick, he removed the restrictions on their cultivation level.

He was just about to leave when he saw that the small dog actually bit onto his pants’ leg.

“En?” He looked at the dog.

“I want to follow you,” the dog said. It was not unusual for a Demonic Beast in the Shattering Void Tier to be capable of human speech. However, most Demonic Beasts would have to reach the Mountain River Tier to be able to take human form, and that was not a definite eventuality, either. Some could only be able to take human form even later, at the Sun Moon Tier, Heavenly Body Tier, or even Eternal River Tier.

“Why?” Ling Han questioned.

“I can help you!” the small dog said. All of a sudden, he disappeared.

What!?

Ling Han stretched out his divine sense, and actually did not manage to sense the existence of this dog. However, it was only for a short while, and the dog reappeared. It was still in its original spot. The only difference was that it was no longer biting onto his pants’ leg.

“You can go invisible?” Ling Han was curious. This turned out to be a different method from the Black Tower, but led to the same result.

“Only for a while, or I would not have been captured in the first place,” the little dog said.

“Are you sure you won’t drag me down?” Ling Han asked once more. He was quite interested in this secret technique of the small dog because once he himself had hidden into the Black Tower, he was unable to move. However, this small dog was still capable of movement even when invisible.

“I won’t!” the small dog declared proudly.

True, it was such a small dog, so who would really pay any attention to it?

“All right!” Ling Han agreed with a nod.

A considerable number of people here was going to become cannon fodder, and there really would only be a portion that could manage to escape. Hence, if he did not want this small dog to die, it was best to bring the latter along with him personally.

He was not afraid that the latter would know that he possessed a Spatial God Tool, as he was currently a person that did not exist.

Man and dog progressed, and continued to damage the prison cells, releasing the prisoners.

Still, it had to be said that this dog was really quite capable. His teeth were very sharp, and could easily bite through even the iron bars, which he swallowed down.

If he had such a dog like this, it should be much more dependable than the Asura Demon Emperor.

He thought thusly.

Slightly less than half a day later, they had already released two-thirds of the prisoners.

But just at this moment, they heard the sounds of moving carts.

“Not good!” Ling Han exclaimed softly. He had not thought that there would be another batch of carts delivering new prisoners coming so soon. Then, the situation happening below would definitely be exposed.

True enough, in just a while, the sounds of battle were heard. Then, there were exclamations of shock, and alarm bells ringing loudly. This alerted all the prison cells. Bang, bang, bang. A large number of prisoners charged out, and began to fight for their lives.

“We must rush too!” Ling Han did not take advantage of the chaos to charge out. Instead, he rushed to release more prisoners.

The small dog nodded. After watching for so long, he naturally knew that Ling Han had a Spatial God Tool on him. Furthermore, it was extremely awesome. Just going in and coming back out again would be able to remove the restrictions on them.

Thus, he was not anxious at all. Later, he only needed to duck inside the Spatial God Tool with Ling Han, and even if the sky collapsed on their heads, there was no need to fear.