Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1068: Collecting the Sword

“Let’s take advantage of this chance; let’s quickly leave!” the small dog suggested.

“No, let’s observe first and see how truly powerful this Nine Demons Sword actually is.” Ling Han shook his head.

The Eternity Sky Emperor was digging there; temporarily, there was no big movement. Meanwhile, the Nine Flames Heavenly King was already engaged in an incredibly fierce battle with the giant aura figure. This giant humanoid was a few hundred meters tall, its abilities frighteningly powerful. Even if there were a few thousand or tens of thousands of Sun Moon Tier cultivators, they would probably be insta-killed at the same time with one spiritual attack.

Faced with this kind of great enemy, even the Nine Flames Heavenly King dared not be the slightest bit careless. Divine flame was burning all over his body, and it was as if he had become a God of Fire.

He was known as the Nine Flames Heavenly King, and his flames had a total of nine colors. Every color represented a different ability that he could use. For example, the white-colored flame was the weakest, and if the color finally reached black, that meant that he was using his full power.

Of course, summoning even the white flames meant that he had gotten serious. However, if he had summoned black flames, it would place a colossal burden on him. It was definitely impossible to maintain it for too long.

Now, he was channeling green flames. This was the fifth color, which meant what he was treating this giant as a great enemy.

But after only a while, the Nine Flames Heavenly King was compelled to summon blue flames. This was his sixth color.

The giant aura figure did not have any vital points. It was formed out of violence and bloodthirst in the first place, so even if the attack it received was far above its own level, it would only turn into mist form. It merely needed to reform itself.

However, its spiritual attack was incredibly terrifying. That was really something that could result in the death of a Heavenly Body Tier elite if he was the slightest bit careless.

The Nine Flames Heavenly King needed to use the divine flames to protect himself and refine the spiritual attacks heading his way.

This was a collision of martial intent.

Thankfully, the air of violence was in the end merely formed from the power seeping out of the God Tool. Hence, there was a limit to its might. The Nine Flames Heavenly King was an actual living person, with endless power at his command. Thus, he merely needed to stabilize himself, and there would be nothing left to fear.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

The Eternity Sky Emperor endlessly dug up the earth. Where the altar had once been, there appeared an extremely deep pit. Theoretically, since the Nine Demons Sword was buried here, its air of violence should be sky-high by now. Yet, it was incomparably calm, like it was extremely ordinary underground and there was nothing special about it.

Shua!

When the Eternity Sky Emperor dug to a certain depth, a brilliant sword light suddenly shot upwards. It was as bright as a rising sun, and the heaven and earth became incredibly bright all of a sudden, almost enough to blind someone’s eyes.

“It’s finally out!” Yet the Eternity Sky Emperor cracked a grin. He stretched out a large hand, and grabbed at that sword light. His large palm of Origin Power condensed, and pa, this sword light was forcibly extinguished. The heaven and earth immediately returned to their original brightness.

Weng, a broken sword floated up from deep within the earth. It looked very ordinary, and only the sword’s hilt was left behind. The broken blade was less than one-eighth of the normal length of a sword. However, endless aura of dominance spread out from this broken sword. It was like a supreme elite had descended, and all common people could only kneel in submission in its presence.

And in front of this broken sword, even elites of the Heavenly Body Tier could only be considered to belong to the category of common people.

The Eternity Sky Emperor was pleasantly surprised. He joined his right index and middle fingers together and drew a line across his left wrist. Instantly, blood gushed out. Every drop of blood was as sparkling and translucent as a pearl, extremely rich.

This was a real divine medicine from blood and flesh. One drop of blood from a Heavenly Body Tier elite would be enough to raise one’s cultivation level greatly if a Mountain River Tier cultivator could refine it. At the very least, the advancement of a sub-minor level was definitely nothing difficult.

Unfortunately, this kind of treasured medicine was absolutely not something a Mountain River Tier cultivator could bear. Whoever drank it would die as his body would burst with how potent it was.

“Nine Demons Sword, you are originally the ancestral weapon of our Chang Clan. Now I am here, so quickly return to us!” the Eternity Sky Emperor shouted loudly as he sprinkled his blood. Every drop of blood transformed into a huge mountain that crashed towards the Nine Demons Sword.

The Nine Demons Sword seemed to be attracted by this fresh blood, and actually did not resist. Instantly, the fresh blood wrapped around it.

The Eternity Sky Emperor was ecstatic. As long as the link through his bloodline was established, he would be able to collect this treasured weapon.

It was in that short instant that all the blood was absorbed by the Nine Demons Sword. This treasured sword seemed to have a life of its own. One after another, streaks of light flashed onto the sword’s blade as if it was breathing.

It floated in the skies peacefully, its might reserved.

Was it subdued just like that?

Ling Han watched with clenched teeth. After the Eternity Sky Emperor obtained this divine sword, who could stop his steps in this world...? Would anyone like that still exist?

The Eternity Sky Emperor laughed loudly, and flew towards the Nine Demons Sword. He stretched out his hand to grab the sword’s hilt.

If it was any other person, even if it was an elite at the peak stage of the Heavenly Body Tier, he could not possibly collect the Nine Demons Sword, because its level was too high. Whoever had that idea would only be seeking his own doom. He was different, though. As a descendant of the Chang Clan, the blood flowing inside his body was of the same roots as the blood that had been melded into the Nine Demons Sword upon its creation.

The tips of his fingers had already come in contact with the sword’s hilt. The smile on the Eternity Sky Emperor’s face widened.

But just at this moment, a sudden change occured. The Nine Demons Sword shook, and slashed out with a flash of sword light. It transformed into a massive blade thousands of meters long and slashed out towards the Eternity Sky Emperor.

This attack was incredibly sudden.

Thankfully, the Eternity Sky Emperor was an elite of the Heavenly Body Tier himself, and he had long since known that the Nine Demons Sword’s might was extraordinary. Naturally, he could not possibly be careless. Therefore, his hands immediately formed claws and pressed down on the sword light.

Sword light swept past. Pu, the huge claws the Eternity Sky Emperor had shot out were immediately shattered. He grunted and retreated a hundred miles. When he raised his hands, he saw that a bloody mark had appeared on both his palms.

Although the Nine Demons Sword had shattered the palms that he had formed out of Origin Power, the air of violence of this sword was really too terrifying. Sword Qi swept forth unhindered, biting back at his own body.

Yet the Eternity Sky Emperor laughed loudly. This was the Nine Demons Sword that he’d anticipated. Only this kind of might was what he needed!

If it was not as powerful as this, how would he be able to use it to defeat the Jade Drop Emperor and Empress Luan Xing?

Shua, the Nine Demons Sword exhibited its divine might, sending out slashes of sword light one after another.

It was really too powerful. Even the Eternity Sky Emperor would be subdued and land in a disadvantageous position.

“Hahaha, still so powerful even with suppression from the bloodline. Then, in my hands, what kind of might would it be able to display?” The Eternity Sky Emperor laughed loudly. “I am even more expectant now. Nine Demons Sword, are you still unwilling to submit to me?

“I am the son of heaven, and destined by the heavens. I am the descendant of the Chang Clan, your destined master!”

The Nine Demons Sword was naturally not capable of replying. Its sword light interwove together, becoming more and more violent.

This was a sword of violence, and had a very strong killing intent. Even if he was a descendant of the Chang Clan, so what? It only desired fresh blood.

The Eternity Sky Emperor used a powerful move. Four Heavenly Bodies appeared at the same time, and waves of chaotic aura surged out. It was as if he was a saint capable of splitting heaven and earth apart.

The heaven trembled, and the earth shook. Divine light interwove together.

Ling Han could no longer see the scene in the skies at all. He only felt multiple terrifying surges of power roll over him. The earth itself had shattered, and space was tearing apart. In the Black Tower, he was endlessly rolling around along with the movement of the flying dirt.

Finally, he saw that the Eternity Sky Emperor had transformed into a giant that was thousands of meters high. The nine balls of light had transformed into huge stars, forming a circle of light, wielded in the hand of the Eternity Sky Emperor and used as a weapon.

Pa, a broken arm shot skywards, and then fell back down. Blood splattered all over in the air.

...The Nine Demons Sword did not have an arm!Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com