Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1104: Forest of the Sea

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Ling Han and Shui Yanyu were intimate with each other, and if they begrudged the Asura Demon Emperor for being in the way, Ling Han would draw him into the Black Tower, which made the Asura Demon Emperor very exasperated. He really wanted to say that he was merely formed from a mass of chaotic Demonic Qi, and was not a human. You guys were merely embracing each other, but even if you did this and that, in his eyes, it was no different from looking at two dogs.

Of course, he would not dare say such a thing even if he died. Otherwise, there was a chance that he would really be killed.

Walking on this expansive plain, there seemed to be no end. This would make many people become impatient, and eventually give up.

Time passed, day after day. Ling Han’s and Shui Yanyu’s cultivation level was soaring. With an Alchemy Emperor added with the Reincarnation Tree, it would be difficult for their cultivation levels not to soar.

After half a month, Shui Yanyu’s cultivation level had reached the late stage of the medium extreme. This was extremely amazing.

Ling Han still needed a bit of time to reach the peak stage of the high extreme. After all, the higher the cultivation level, the slower one would be to advance.

Finally, the expansive plains no longer appeared in front of their eyes. Instead, a massive sea appeared.

However, this huge sea was incredibly strange!

The bottom of the sea was connected to the plains. It could even be claimed that the plains were a part of the giant sea, and the seawater had merely been removed.

Ahead of them, a wall of water suddenly appeared. It rose up from the horizon, and undulated there.

Meanwhile, the seabed was no longer dull and lonely, containing nothing. Instead, a forest was growing there.

Forest of the Sea.

Every tree was rooted on the seabed, and had trunks that were several dozen thousand meters tall. However, they were very flexible. Rather than saying that they were trees, it would be more appropriate to call them weeds, though they looked a little shocking.

The trees’ leaves lightly waved. Most of them were even larger than a whole house, so if anyone hid behind them, it would be very difficult to discover their presence.

The seawater had a very strong effect of blocking divine sense, and their vision was incapable of seeing through these leaves. Thus, even if those that entered here were not blind, the area still managed to decrease the level of sensitivity of divine sense greatly.

“Be careful of the Dark Night Hall!” Shui Yanyu warned immediately.

Previously, because of the actions of the great elite, cultivators of different cultivation levels were separated without their knowledge, but when they came here, they had already seen elites of the Sun Moon Tier. It was obvious that the separated people had again been gathered together without their knowledge.

The Dark Night Hall already knew that Ling Han was not easy to kill, so if they once again mobilized an assassin, he would definitely be at the Sun Moon Tier.

Previously, it was impossible for them to meet, but now... that might not be the case!

Perhaps one was lying in ambush in the Forest of the Sea, waiting for them.

Ling Han nodded. He was confident, but was definitely not blindly conceited. With his present abilities, Sun Moon Tier would be able to insta-kill him. His physique of Level Four Godly metal would be useless as well—even if a few of his Godly bones had not been shattered, his spirit would definitely collapse, and he would still die.

To stand against Sun Moon Tier, even if it was the low extreme of Sun Moon Tier, he would have to reach the level of 10 stars at least.

And to reach 10 stars in the Mountain River Tier, he would have to first form the fifth Mountain River, and reach perfection in his cultivation.

Ling Han was still a bit far from this step.

“Don’t worry, Master. I will definitely do my best; as long as I am here, I will definitely ensure your safety!” the Asura Demon Emperor said confidently, clapping his chest in assurance.

“Let’s go!”

They entered into the Forest of the Sea. It was a good thing that there was a change, for it meant that they were walking in the right direction. Otherwise, if they continued to walk around in circles on the plain, where would the end be?

Thankfully, the seawater merely shrank down the distance that divine sense could cover a great many times, and did not have special Regulations suppressing them—unlike in the Star Sea. Hence, even if a battle started in the water, the abilities of cultivators would not be weakened too much.

There was not only the giant underwater forest here, there were also giant fishes swimming among the trees.

They were really big fish, and were as long as a few dozen thousand meters. A flick of their fish tail, and a great tsunami would be caused. Even Sun Moon Tier elites would not be able to steady themselves, and would be swept out a great distance by the powerful waves.

Even if these massive fishes were not Demonic Beasts, merely the strength of their physical bodies alone was already frightening enough. That was why strength was considered the very most important part of battle prowess. Even if these great fishes were not Demonic Beasts, their battle prowess was enough to shake even Sun Moon Tier elites.

The weeds in the underwater forest possessed great toughness. Otherwise, they would have been torn apart with a few flicks of the tails of these colossal fishes.

Ling Han and Shui Yanyu walked among them, feeling that they were pitifully small.

Of course, not all creatures were so huge. Ling Han had seen a few “small fishes”, but these small fishes were also a few dozen meters long. However, compared to the bodies of the giant fishes, which were a few dozen thousand meters long, they really could only be called small fishes.

However, while the big fishes were not violent, the small fishes were.

The giant fishes could not bother to dally with cultivators, but the small fishes were extremely violent. The moment they discovered the presence of cultivators, they would immediately attack brazenly.

These small fishes were very strange. All their scales were made of metal, and their teeth were as sharp as knives, flickering with a sinister light.

They were very tough to deal with. Their metal scales had a very strong defensive effect, and their teeth were incredibly sharp. If a cultivator of the same level were to fight them, without extraordinary battle prowess, there was a high chance he would suffer a great deal.

Ling Han, however, was not scared. Instead, he was pleased.

He was just worrying about not having any Level Two Godly metal to increase the might of the Divine Demon Sword. Weren’t these materials delivered right to his doorstep?

Boom!

A fish flicked its tail, producing a powerful movement. It charged over at Ling Han, and the water rippled as it moved, causing one to be unable to maintain his footing.

Ling Han opened all the pores on his body, and poured out Origin Power. Suddenly, he shot out like an arrow, charging towards that fish.

The power of this fish was only equivalent to the level of the medium extreme of Mountain River Tier, so how could it be of any match for Ling Han? In a few moves, Ling Han had cleanly ripped off all the scales of its body, and it had become a “naked fish”.

“I will spare your life.” Ling Han grinned. With a powerful toss, he threw the fish out.

After absorbing the essence of Godly metal of the fish scales, the Divine Demon Sword experienced a sliver of a boost. Of course, it was only a sliver.

However, not too long after, that fish swam back towards them.

...Its distinctive traits were too obvious. All its fish scales had been removed, and in this place, it should be the only one like this.

However, it was not all on its lonesome. Instead, it had brought along a large school of its kind.

At least a few hundred violent fishes charged over, every one of them baring their sharp teeth, boiling with killing intent.

“How does it feel to have your good deed repaid with evil?” Shui Yanyu teased.

Ling Han laughed loudly, and said, “Why do I feel like this is a gift instead?”

True, it was only a few hundred violent fishes. In front of him, they were completely lacking as opponents, and were merely here to increase the grade of the Divine Demon Sword.

He charged out, his Divine Demon Sword flicking, stabbing, slicing, and slashing. Multiple fish scales were torn down by his strikes, and turned into dust. Their essence, meanwhile, was absorbed by the Divine Demon Sword, allowing it to rapidly advance towards the level of Level Three Godly metal. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Even though there was only a few hundred fishes, it had to be known that these were only “small fish”. Even one was a few dozen meters long, so the amount of Godly metal was incredibly shocking.

When Ling Han had killed most of these fish, the Divine Demon Sword suddenly shone brilliantly, and once again, a qualitative change took place.

And in this process, Ling Han also inserted his martial intent within, instantly forming 23 divine patterns.

Last time, Ling Han had been unprepared, and thus had only engraved seven divine patterns, but he was prepared this time, so he was naturally able to lay down even more divine patterns.

“A Level Three God Tool!”

Ling Han was overjoyed. He delivered a careless slash, and hong , a 3000-meter-long Sword Ray swept out. Pu, pu, pu, pu. At least half of the violent fishes had been slashed in half by this Sword Ray.