Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1106: Crimson Fire Needle

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Empress Luan Xing was enveloped in an aura of Primal Chaos. As she blinked, great stars materialized behind her back before quickly disappearing again.

Those at the consummate level of the Heavenly Body Tier could only possess four heavenly bodies, yet the materialization and vanishing of these heavenly bodies was far too frequent, so much so that it looked like there were countless heavenly bodies radiating behind her back. A boundless aura radiated from them, exuding her might as a ruler.

She humphed, and said, “I’ll give you five Dragon Fragrance Pills!”

The elder faltered for a moment. ‘Hah, I’m offering you three Dragon Fragrance Pills so you can give up on this Tricolor Wind and Fire Lotus, yet you’re offering me five back. Are you trying to defeat me with your wealth?’

In any case, Dragon Fragrance Pills were extremely valuable pills that could increase a Heavenly Body Tier elite’s comprehension of the great dao.

The elder had offered three Dragon Fragrance Pills as there was a descendant he really adored. This descendant had just broken through to the Mountain River Tier, and with the help of this Tricolor Wind and Fire Lotus, they would be able to complete the Mountain River Tier in just 1,000 years, or perhaps even several hundred years. Moreover, it would help them reach perfection in all of the minor levels.

If it weren’t for his descendant, this Tricolor Wind and Fire Lotus would have been completely useless to him. As such, how could he have offered such a high price?

Of course, one could also plant the lotus if they had enough patience. After absorbing the essence of heaven and earth for a few hundred million years, it would perhaps become a Seven-colored Wind and Fire Lotus. After tens of billions of years, it would perhaps become a Nine-colored Wind and Fire Lotus!

However, who could wait for such a long time?

The elder pondered for a moment before nodding, and saying, “Fine, five Dragon Fragrance Pills. The Tricolor Wind and Fire Lotus is yours.”

Empress Luan Xing casually tossed a spatial ring toward the elder.

She was extremely domineering, and she never hesitated with what she did. She started to stride toward the lotus.

“Wait!” the elder shouted. He extended his arm to block her.

Killing intent appeared on Empress Luan Xing’s face. Was the elder going back on their deal?

“Heh, I’m not one to go back on my word. However, don’t you think you should let me verify the authenticity of the Dragon Fragrance Pills first?”

Empress Luan Xing didn’t speak. However, she stopped walking toward the Tricolor Wind and Fire Lotus. The elder’s request wasn’t excessive. After all, who would trust a stranger?

The elder retrieved a vial of pills from the spatial ring. Then, he unplugged the cork and poured an alchemical pill out. He studied it for a while, and a smile eventually appeared on his face. He nodded, and said, “You’re indeed a trustworthy person!”

Empress Luan Xing walked before the lotus and started to carefully dig it out.

She had to be careful. This was because the lotus had to be in perfect condition when it was placed into a cultivator’s Dantian. Otherwise, its effects would fall dramatically.

She retrieved a cloth pouch that was only as big as a person’s palm. However, it was easily able to hold the lotus that measured three feet in height. She tied the pouch to her waist.

Spatial Spirit Tools couldn’t hold living beings—this was something that everyone understood. So, what could one do when they wanted to relocate Godly medicine plants? Wouldn’t one suffer a huge loss if their Godly medicine was accidentally injured during transportation?

Thus, Virtual Pouches were born.

These pouches could forcefully restrain a domain of space, thus giving it the ability to hold living beings. As such, they could ensure the safety of Godly medicines. However, the space that was restrained by these pouches was especially unstable. Generally speaking, they could only hold plants. If animals were placed inside, the restrained space would be severely affected. In fact, it would even crumble at the slightest of stimulations.

Even with so many constraints, the lifespan of a Virtual Pouch was still relatively short. However, the advantage was that they could be refined by Heavenly Body Tier elites, unlike Spatial God Tools which could only be refined by those at the Genesis Tier.

The elder watched on from the side. Once Empress Luan Xing placed the lotus into the Virtual Pouch, he immediately charged toward her. Four heavenly bodies hovered behind him, each of them exuding a profoundly ancient aura.

Boom!

He immediately unleashed his trump card. He needed time to prepare this, but Empress Luan Xing had been focused on digging the Godly medicine just then. This gave him the opportunity and time to prepare.

This strike was extremely devastating!

The seawater around them instantly disappeared, and the gigantic fish within a 500-kilometer radius all exploded and died. Meanwhile, the elder’s most powerful attack transformed into a black spear that continued to stab toward Empress Luan Xing’s waist.

He still wanted to obtain the Tricolor Wind and Fire Lotus!

Empress Luan Xing flared up in rage. She roared softly, and her slender hands pressed backward, causing thousands of divine patterns to intertwine and knit into a net that flew toward the elder.

A ruler was enraged, and heaven and earth lost their luster!

They were both at the Heavenly Body Tier, yet Empress Luan Xing was clearly more powerful. Her net enveloped the black spear and ripped it to shreds.

Pu!

A crimson light shot through the net at this moment, whizzing toward Empress Luan Xing’s neck.

Empress Luan Xing hurriedly dodged to the side. However, the crimson light followed her movement with incredible accuracy and speed. In the end, it pierced into her hand.

“Hahahaha!” The elder laughed heartily, appearing especially smug. “Your Majesty, you’ve already been hit by Crimson Fire Needle. If I don’t remove its effects, your blood will be evaporated drop by drop. You’ll die an extremely miserable death!

“Hand the Tricolor Wind and Fire Lotus over, and I can spare you from death. You’re a beautiful woman, after all, and it’ll be a shame for you to die like this!”

There was a peculiar glint flashing in the elder’s eyes. She was a breathtaking beauty, yet she had been captured by him. Moreover, she was also the empress of a Majestic Empire. If he could make her his obedient slave, what kind of power would fall into his hands?

Great stars hovered behind Empress Luan Xing’s back. The aura that they exuded made one shudder, with even the elder’s heart thumping in palpitation.

‘Too powerful, she’s too powerful! We’re both at the consummate level of the Heavenly Body Tier, so why is the difference between us so large?!’

Fortunately, she had given him enough time to unleash his most powerful attack. He had more so been able to use an ancient God Tool—that Crimson Fire Needle had been launched by his “Saint Destroying Crossbow”.

What was a Saint?

Only those who reached the Genesis Tier could be referred to as Saints. Meanwhile, this treasure was called the Saint Destroying Crossbow, which revealed just how mighty it was. However, the Saint Destroying Crossbow that the elder had received was a damaged one. Thus, it couldn’t even kill elites at the Eternal River Tier, much less the Genesis Tier. However, it was still extremely effective against those at the Heavenly Body Tier.

“You’re a member of the Dark Night Hall?” Empress Luan Xing didn’t move, instead choosing to question the elder in a solemn tone. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The elder’s heart jolted. ‘How did she guess? Did I slip up somewhere?’

However, there was no doubt that she had been hit by the Crimson Fire Needle. Thinking of this, the elder became relaxed again.

“Indeed!” He confidently admitted his identity, and said, “How did you find out?”

Empress Luan Xing didn’t answer his question, instead saying, “In that case, this was a trap all along. You discovered the Tricolor Wind and Fire Lotus, and I also happened to be nearby. You realized that I would come over sooner or later, so you purposefully pretended that you discovered it at the same moment as me. However, you were taking that as an opportunity to kill me.”

“Hehe, Your Majesty is so wise! Everything is as you said.” Now that it had come to this, the elder didn’t hide his intentions anymore, saying, “However, I suggest you rid yourself of your fanciful thoughts, Your Majesty. The more time you waste, the more of your blood will be evaporated.”

“Detestable thief!” Empress Luan Xing said in contempt. She raised her jade-like hand, and boundless might formed, releasing a terrifying pressure.

The elder’s expression changed drastically. ‘She was hit by the Crimson Fire Needle, so how can she still wield her power? Wasn’t her Origin Power all evaporated a long time ago?’