Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1107: Might of the Empress

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Empress Luan Xing moved, and streaks of Regulations transformed into divine chains that flew out from her jade-like palm and rained down on the elder from the Dark Night Hall.

This elder was definitely one of the strongest members of the Dark Night Hall. How many people in this universe could cultivate to the consummate level of the Heavenly Body Tier?

Moreover, what kind of treasure was the Saint Destroying Crossbow? It was definitely a supreme treasure of the Dark Night Hall. However, this elder could bring it out, so he was definitely an upper-level individual at the Dark Night Hall.

Light radiated from the elder’s body as he let out a roar. He had looked extremely old just then, yet his life essence was soaring through the heavens at this moment.

He was fighting with his life on the line!

“Crush him!” Empress Luan Xing cried softly. Countless divine chains swarmed about as her hands pressed down. This was the manifestation of dao, and it could display one’s comprehension of the great dao of heaven and earth.

The elder combusted his blood essence. He still believed that the empress had been hit by his Crimson Fire Needle, meaning that her blood was still being continuously evaporated. She was definitely a spent force, and she definitely couldn’t last for much longer.

As long as he endured through this, the seductive beauty who was renowned throughout the galaxy would become his plaything. His heart rippled with excitement as this thought crossed his mind. His mental state which he had cultivated for tens of millions of years became like that of a lustful youth. He was feeling extremely thirsty.

‘I’ll achieve victory as long as I endure through this.’

Capturing this proud empress was probably the dream of countless elites. If he succeeded, how satisfied would his vanity be?

Peng!

The elder was sent flying with a single strike. In fact, even his Origin Power armor disappeared. Seawater rushed toward him, drenching his hair and his clothes.

“Wah!” The elder spat out a mouthful of blood. His face was filled with shock, and he stammered, “H-how is your power still so strong?”

They were both at the peak stage of the consummate level of the Heavenly Body Tier, and he was more so a four-star genius. Theoretically speaking, Empress Luan Xing only possessed a battle prowess that was one star more powerful than him. However, judging by their exchange just then, the difference between their battle prowess was definitely more than one star—it was at least three stars!

‘How is this possible? How?!’

Empress Luan Xing didn’t reply, instead saying, “Treacherous thief, die!”

She had the mindset of a ruler, and the world had to listen to her commands. No one was allowed to defy her.

The elder retrieved a helmet and put it on. Regulations of the great dao instantly flowed down from the helmet, intertwining to form divine patterns that stuck to his body. At a rough glance, there were at least 1000 divine patterns.

He was a super-elite to begin with, so he already possessed over 3000 divine patterns. Add to that the 1000 from the helmet, and the aura that radiated from his body instantly soared explosively. Right now, he was already no weaker than Empress Luan Xing.

“Kakaka, don’t forget that I’m from the Dark Night Hall,” the elder said arrogantly. “We’ve existed for even longer than the three Majestic Empires, so the richness of resources that we possess is far beyond Your Majesty’s imagination.”

“You’re nothing but a weakling who relies on external tools!” Empress Luan Xing said coldly. Her divine chains transformed into sabers, spears, swords, and crossbows as they rained down from the sky. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

This was truly terrifying. It was as if the sky were about to collapse, and it was as if even the heavens wanted to punish the elder from the Dark Night Hall.

The elder’s expression changed drastically. He had clearly activated a high-level God Tool already, yet at this moment, he had no confidence that he could win. He felt that the seductive beauty opposite him was powerful enough to make his hair stand on ends!

He finally retrieved a black crossbow that was engraved with complex divine patterns. However, this crossbow was damaged, and many of the divine patterns only had half or even just a third of their patterns remaining.

Even so, this didn’t stop the crossbow from being powerful. The elder didn’t hide the existence of this crossbow with his power anymore, and the space around them was instantly permeated by a terrifying killing intent. It was as if this aura could kill Gods and slay Saints.

Saint Destroying Crossbow!

“Your Majesty, I suggest that you surrender. Hehe, I brought three Crimson Fire Needles this time, and you’ve already been hit by one of them. If you’re hit by another, even I won’t be able to save you. I can only watch a beauty die before my eyes.”

Empress Luan Xing didn’t take his words to heart. She pressed her palm down, and the entire world instantly became dark. Countless divine chains slithered down, moving to slay the elder.

“Humph!” A fierce look appeared in the elder’s eyes. Although he wanted to capture this seductive beauty, his own life was far more important in comparison. At this moment, he didn’t have any crooked thoughts anymore.

He lashed out with his palm, causing thousands of divine patterns to intertwine and form a wall before him. Meanwhile, he activated the Saint Destroying Crossbow. He was going to launch an earth-shattering attack.

In terms of strength, he was a few pegs below Empress Luan Xing. However, the helmet on his head increased his strength and mitigated at least one star of difference between them. Thus, even if he wasn’t her opponent, at least he wouldn’t be defeated in an instant.

He was buying time to activate the Saint Destroying Crossbow. With this and the Crimson Fire Needles, even Heavenly Body Tier elites would suffer certain defeat!

Even if one Crimson Fire Needle weren’t enough, there were still another two!

The Saint Destroying Crossbow was finally activated. The quality of this God Tool was far too high, and even though the elder possessed an astonishing power, he still felt strained after activating it for two times in quick succession. Sweat raced down his forehead, and even his aura started to become unstable.

However, now that the Saint Destroying Crossbow was activated, a devastating aura instantly swept through the space around them. This was still a Saint Tool, even though it was damaged and its might was reduced.

A serious expression appeared on Empress Luan Xing’s face. She didn’t dare to be careless before such kind of Saint Tool. As she roared softy, nine mountains materialized behind her back and crashed down on the elder.

“Go!” The elder gritted his teeth, not having any more thoughts of getting lucky. He fired the Crimson Fire Needle using the Saint Destroying Crossbow.

A crimson light whizzed out and directly pierced through Empress Luan Xing’s Regulations defense, continuing to fly toward her after it did so.

The elder chuckled coldly. Once the Saint Destroying Crossbow was fired, its target would definitely be hit.

This was unless one was more powerful than the Saint Destroying Crossbow!

Meanwhile, the Crimson Fire Needle could rapidly evaporate a cultivator’s blood. Even Heavenly Body Tier elites wouldn’t be able to last for long. The empress had already been struck once, yet she was still able to endure for the time being. However, the elder didn’t believe that she could endure being struck again.

Empress Luan Xing had still dodged before, yet she didn’t even make an attempt to dodge this time. The crimson light pierced through her chest.

‘She’s done for.’

The elder was happy yet regretful at the same time.

The empress was definitely going to die after being hit by two Crimson Fire Needles—even he wouldn’t be able to save her. It was a great shame that this stunning beauty was going to die before he had even gotten the chance to savor her.

However, a suspicious—even terrified—look instantly appeared on his face.

This was because Empress Luan Xing was standing before him unscathed. Her vitality soared through the sky, while her domineering might was no weaker than before. What part of her looked like someone who had been struck by two Crimson Fire Needles?

“Die!” After dealing with the elder’s attack, Empress Luan Xing launched into a ferocious offensive. The space in the surroundings was shattered by her palm.

The elder gritted his teeth, not a shred of fighting spirit left in him. He frantically turned around to flee.

Empress Luan Xing pursued him for a few steps before suddenly coming to a halt. Her aura had become slightly unstable. ‘I was struck by his first surprise attack, and even my Nine Deaths Heaven Art was unable to completely suppress the Crimson Fire Needle. Luckily, I was prepared the second time, and was able to use this peculiar stone to block his attack.’

Assassins from the Dark Night Hall were naturally terrifying. The Saint Destroying Crossbow was more so a precious treasure that could suppress Heavenly Body Tier elites.

“Humph, I’ll slaughter you even if you escape to the ends of the world!”

She started to pursue him.