Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1108: Assassin

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Ling Han suddenly stopped in his tracks.

“What’s wrong?” Shui Yanyu asked.

Ling Han pondered for a moment, and replied, “I have a nagging feeling that someone’s following us.”

“Is it the Dark Night Hall...? Or is it Zhao Lun or Xia Wuque?” Shui Yanyu listed the possibilities. However, a bitter smile instantly appeared on her face. There were truly quite a lot of people who wanted to kill Ling Han.

Ling Han thought for a moment, and said, “It can’t be Zhao Lun. He’s with Great General Zhao, and with Great General Zhao’s status, there’s no need for him to follow me sneakily. If he wants to kill me, he’ll do so directly.

“It can’t be Xia Wuque, either, as there aren’t any Sun Moon Tier elites by his side. After seeing my defenses, he won’t come over to ask for a beating.

“It’s most probably the Dark Night Hall!”

Ling Han made his judgment.

“If it’s the Dark Night Hall, why haven’t they attacked yet? Could it be that the assassin is not strong enough, so they’re currently calling for reinforcement from other elites?” Shui Yanyu also started to speculate.

Ling Han shook his head, and said, “This place is unfamiliar to everyone, and it’s even impossible to differentiate north from south. How can they describe my location?”

“Indeed. Since no one has ever been here before, how can they give our location to others without having a map to reference?” A troubled expression appeared on Shui Yanyu’s face. She clapped her hands, and said, “Since that’s the case, the assassin probably hasn’t appeared because they’re too weak.”

“Not necessarily.” Ling Han didn’t agree with this, and he said, “Perhaps they know of Little Asura’s existence, and also know that he’s not an easy opponent. Thus, they’re searching for a better opportunity to strike.”

‘That’s right!’

Shui Yanyu hurriedly nodded in agreement. She had subconsciously overlooked the Asura Demon Emperor’s existence. The main reason for this was because he continued to use shameless methods to make his presence known. How could she think, ‘Oh, he’s also an elite’?

“Huh? Why haven’t I detected anything out of the ordinary?” the Asura Demon Emperor asked. There was a confused look on his face.

Ling Han shook his head, and said, “Although you’ve entered a Sun Moon Tier puppet, your own power is still only at the Mountain River Tier. In other words, your divine sense is still too weak. Moreover, this place can weaken the perception of one’s divine sense, so it’s extremely normal that you aren’t able to detect anything abnormal.”

A dispirited expression instantly appeared on the Asura Demon Emperor’s face. He couldn’t raise his cultivation level in the Immortal Realm, and this left him feeling extremely dissatisfied.

“Rather than letting them follow us, why don’t we lure them out of hiding?” Ling Han rubbed his chin in thought. If there were someone continually following behind him, he would feel extremely restricted when doing things. For example, he wouldn’t be able to enter and exit the Black Tower as he pleased, as this would risk exposing his secrets.

“How are we going to lure them?” Shui Yanyu asked.

“We’ll have Little Asura run far away,” Ling Han said with a smile. He had the Vajra Seal and the Lion Seal, and thus he wasn’t afraid of Sun Moon Tier elites, even if they were at the pinnacle of the Sun Moon Tier.

“Master, you don’t want the loyal Little Asura anymore?” The Asura Demon Emperor instantly acted like a cute puppy. It was a shame that there was no tail for him to wag.

“Piss off!” Ling Han couldn’t stand him, and he immediately kicked him aside.

“Master...!” The Asura Demon Emperor instantly flew several hundred kilometers away.

A smile appeared on Ling Han’s face, and he said, “Let’s hope that the assassin will appear sooner rather than later. Otherwise, it’ll feel like there’s a poisonous snake spying on us the entire time.”

There was a look of worry on Shui Yanyu’s face. If the assassin attacked, they would definitely be an elite at the Sun Moon Tier. Perhaps they wouldn’t even give Ling Han the opportunity to hide into his Black Tower or use his divine seals.

“Don’t worry, your hubby isn’t any ordinary person,” Ling Han said with a chuckle. “Girl, flash me a smile!”

This made Shui Yanyu laugh, and she rolled her eyes at him in annoyance.

The two of them continued forward, and the Asura Demon Emperor heeded the command to keep his distance from them. He purposefully created an opportunity for the assassin.

One day later.

“Hehehehe!” There was a burst of cold laughter, and a figure instantly appeared before Ling Han and Shui Yanyu.

This was a bony middle-aged man who appeared especially ugly. Only the occasionally appearing Sun and Moon behind his back signified that he was an elite who had reached the low extreme of the Sun Moon Tier.

‘No wonder he didn’t appear before. Sure enough, his battle prowess is weaker than that of the Asura Demon Emperor.’

“Brat, I know that you purposefully sent that puppet away to create an opportunity for me,” the assassin said with a cold chuckle. “Although I don’t know why, but... do you really think that you can escape from me?

“There’s a definitive difference in power, and no amount of scheming will be able to change this!”

Ling Han chuckled, and said, “You finally appeared. Say, you’re a Sun Moon Tier elite, after all, so don’t you feel ashamed for tailing two Mountain River Tier cultivators?”

“You’re seeking death!” the middle-aged assassin said with a cold humph. He immediately charged toward Ling Han.

He was an assassin, so killing his target was naturally the most important thing. He had only endured and stayed in hiding because he had feared the Asura Demon Emperor. Now that this threat was gone, there was nothing else that he needed to worry about. All he needed to do was kill his target. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Boom!

Boundless black light surged from his body and transformed into a giant spear that stabbed toward Ling Han.

“Lion Seal!” Ling Han retrieved a divine seal and slapped it onto his body.

He instantly felt a terrifying power course through his body. Hundreds of divine patterns materialized on his skin.

Apart from Mountains and Rivers and Suns and Moons, there was another more direct method to determine one’s cultivation—that was to look at how many divine patterns one possessed.

Mountain River Tier cultivators possessed less than 100, Sun Moon Tier cultivators possessed less than 1000, Heavenly Body Tier cultivators possessed less than 10,000, and so on.

Right now, there were a whopping 800 divine patterns on Ling Han’s body!

Peng!

Ling Han swung his fist, and his Origin Power formed into a large hand than smashed into the black spear. The black spear instantly crumbled into dust upon coming in contact with the large hand, which continued to surge toward the middle-aged assassin.

‘F*ck!’

The middle-aged assassin was instantly scared witless. There were 800 divine patterns, 800!

One had to realize that even elites at the consummate level of the Sun Moon Tier generally only possessed 300 or so divine patterns. This was because possessing 1000 divine patterns meant that one was already at the level of the best Sun Moon Tier elites. So, what kind of concept was 800 divine patterns? This meant that one was almost at the level of pseudo-Heavenly Body Tier elites!

He would be crushed into pulp if he were scraped by just a tiny bit of the large hand, let alone being hit by it head on.

He frantically used his movement techniques in a bid to escape.

Boom!

Fortunately, his reaction had been fast enough. A vacuum appeared near the seabed as the fist smashed down, while he was swept hundreds of meters away by the surging waves.

A figure flashed over, and Ling Han appeared before him again.

The middle-aged assassin’s face almost became green with terror. Although he had some life-saving treasures, none of them could block power at the pseudo-Heavenly Body Tier. This was an overwhelming power.

He could only flee as if his life depended on it. Only now did he realize just how incredible his target’s trump cards were. No wonder he had sent that powerful puppet away. It was because he had been luring him out, not because he was arrogant beyond belief.

“Huh?!”

He yelped in surprise because he suddenly sensed a familiar aura.

“Tai Feng, Elder Tai Feng!” He was overcome with delight. Elder Tai Feng was an upper-level being of the Dark Night Hall, and he was definitely an elite. He was at the consummate level of the Heavenly Body Tier!

‘Haha, I can’t believe I came across him here!

‘Everything’s settled now. Even if Ling Han has special techniques to raise his power to the pseudo-Heavenly Body Tier, he’s still no match genuine Heavenly Body Tier elites. Moreover, Elder Tai Feng is at the peak stage of the consummate level of the Heavenly Body Tier, and he’s more so a four-star elite!’