Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1109: Done For

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xiu!

An elder streaked over, and his powerful aura made it feel as if the sky were collapsing. One could barely breathe under the pressure of his aura.

A supreme elite at the Heavenly Body Tier!

Ling Han’s expression instantly became serious as he hurriedly started retreating. He was no match for such an elite, and he would have to seek refuge in his Black Tower even if this meant exposing the secret of his Spatial God Tool. Otherwise, his fate would be death.

He rushed to Shui Yanyu’s side before picking her up, and he was just about to enter the Black Tower. However, he suddenly faltered before he could enter.

This was because he sensed another powerful aura. In fact, this aura was even more powerful than the Heavenly Body Tier elder’s. Moreover, it seemed a little familiar.

‘It’s... Empress Luan Xing!’

He immediately decided not to enter the Black Tower upon realizing this. Instead, he remained where he was, quietly waiting for things to play out.

“Elder Tai Feng!” The middle-aged assassin was both surprised and delighted. However, he didn’t realize that Elder Tai Feng was extremely disheveled at this moment. His clothes were in tatters, and they were more so drenched in blood.

A Regulation divine chain ferociously whipped over like a spear and caught up to Elder Tai Feng.

Pu!

The divine chain pierced through his shoulder before trapping him in place.

Elder Tai Feng was in an extremely sorry state. He had already been pursued by Empress Luan Xing for one day and one night, and he had already used all of the techniques that he could. However, all this was to no avail. Before this empress, his resistance was futile.

He didn’t dare to counterattack. Instead, he used his hand like a sword and sliced down toward his own shoulder. Blood sprayed through the air as half of his shoulder was cut off. However, the divine chain that was holding him in place also lost its effects.

Yet just as he was about to flee again, a large white hand descended from the sky.

This hand was slender and as smooth as jade, and it was filled with a sense of beauty. However, in Elder Tai Feng’s eyes, this hand was like a talisman of death. A look of despair spread across his face.

He had already used all of his trump cards. He couldn’t block this attack!

Boom!

The large hand pressed down, and Elder Tai Feng was ruthlessly smashed into the bottom of the sea. When the large hand disappeared, it could be seen that at least a third of his bones had been broken. He continuously coughed blood, and his aura had already fallen to an extremely low level. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“E-Elder Tai Feng!” The middle-aged assassin almost wet his pants in fright. In his eyes, Elder Tai Feng was the number one assassin in the world. There was no one that he couldn’t kill!

It wouldn’t matter even if one were more powerful than Elder Tai Feng. Assassins wouldn’t fight against their targets head on. Instead, they would search for the best opportunity to launch a fatal strike. They would immediately leave after their attempt, regardless of whether they succeeded or failed.

Generally speaking, Heavenly Body Tier elites were extremely hard to kill. Who could stop them if they were hell-bent on escaping? However, a whopping 10 Heavenly Body Tier elites had died at the hands of Elder Tai Feng. This was enough to prove just how terrifying this elite assassin was.

But now?

He was lying on the ground like a dead dog! He wasn’t faking death—he was legitimately unable to crawl up.

The middle-aged assassin trembled in terror. Who was pursuing Elder Tai Feng? Their power was truly heaven-defying!

Weng!

A devastating aura swept over as Empress Luan Xing appeared. She was dressed in a brilliant yellow imperial robe, and there was also a vermilion cloak billowing behind her back. It was three or so meters long, and it billowed with a domineering might even though she was at the bottom of the sea.

Of course, her breathtaking figure was also like a magnet to the eyes. It was flawless, and it could easily entrance those who laid eyes upon it.

“E-empress Luan Xing!” the middle-aged assassin stammered. As a qualified assassin, he naturally recognized Empress Luan Xing, one of the most powerful elites of the galaxy.

He gulped with great difficulty. Everyone said that Empress Luan Xing was powerful, and she was also one of the three rulers of the Joint Peace Planet. He hadn’t believed this before, and he had felt that this empress had merely ascended the throne thanks to her stunning looks. Now, however, he finally realized just how wrong he had been.

“Please spare me, Your Majesty!” Elder Tai Feng wailed in misery, and said, “I’m willing to submit to Your Majesty, and I’m willing to become Your Majesty’s dog and slave!”

He was an assassin, not a martyr. Compared to his life, what was his dignity worth?

Empress Luan Xing ignored him completely. She slammed another palm down, and it was as if the world were shattering and heaven and earth were splitting open.

Boom!

Elder Tai Feng was smashed into pulp by this terrifying palm strike. Both his body and his soul were destroyed. Meanwhile, the middle-aged assassin was caught up in a tiny bit of the shock wave, yet this was enough to shred him into nothingness.

‘So powerful!’ Ling Han thought to himself.

This was the first time he had seen Empress Luan Xing unleash her true might. Her battle prowess was overwhelming enough to make heaven and earth lose their luster.

Empress Luan Xing swept her gaze over Ling Han and Shui Yanyu as she landed on the ground. Then, she suddenly started to walk toward them.

Ling Han’s heart shuddered. Although they were all from the same Majestic Empire, he still had to remain vigilant. Moreover, the mind of a ruler was even harder to understand. Who knew what the empress was thinking?

Empress Luan Xing suddenly stumbled, and the aura of Primal Chaos that enveloped her also became unstable.

A supreme elite at the Heavenly Body Tier actually stumbled as they walked?

Ling Han instantly understood. Although Empress Luan Xing had killed a supreme elite of the Dark Night Hall, she had also paid a price. ‘That’s right, she was definitely targeted by a surprise attack as well. Going by the Dark Night Hall’s habits, they’ll only attack if they have a 70 or 80% chance of success.’

“Are you alright, Your Majesty?” Ling Han asked hurriedly. This question was only an excuse to slow her down. Her target was clearly Shui Yanyu.

“Move over!” Empress Luan Xing chided. She extended an arm and sent Ling Han to the side. She then grabbed Shui Yanyu’s hand, and was just about to bite down on her wrist.

Ling Han was startled, and he instantly dashed over to protect her, not having the time to bother with anything else.

He didn’t have any other thoughts at this moment. There was only one thing running through his mind—as a man, what was the point of living if he couldn’t even protect his own women?

Gasp!

He felt a sharp pain on his neck, and his skin that was as tough as Level Four Godly metal was instantly pierced open. To his surprise, Empress Luan Xing had actually bitten down on his neck, and was now sucking on his blood.

‘Are you a f*cking vampire?’

Ling Han wanted to resist, and he instinctively raised his arm to push her. However, how could he contend with the power of a Heavenly Body Tier elite? His action was in vain—completely futile. His blood continued to flow out, and his consciousness began to fade.

Meanwhile, Shui Yanyu was stupefied by what she saw because right now, the postures of Ling Han and Empress Luan Xing were far too dubious!

One was biting the other’s neck, and it was as if they were kissing. As for the other... his hands were resting on Empress Luan Xing’s voluptuous breasts—in a grabbing action, no less.

‘He’s done for! He’s done for!’

Shui Yanyu felt as if the world were becoming dark. Who didn’t know that the empress was as clean as ice and as pure as jade? Although she was loved and admired by many men—even including supreme rulers like the Eternity Sky Emperor and the Jade Drop Emperor—she didn’t think anything of any of them.

Right now, however, she was actually being “sexually assaulted” by Ling Han. Who would care whether he had done this on purpose or not? The important thing was that it had happened!

When Empress Luan Xing came to her senses, would Ling Han still be able to live?

At this moment, she truly “hated” Ling Han’s guts. Why did he have to interfere? He should have just let the empress suck on her blood. Immortals had a powerful vitality anyway, and she would have only suffered a severely wounded vitality had her blood been sucked dry. However, she wouldn’t die because of this.

However, Ling Han was certainly going to die now!

She suddenly reached a resolute decision in her mind. She drew her sword and ruthlessly stabbed it toward Empress Luan Xing’s back!