Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1131: Pinnacle Level of Mountain River Tier!

VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The starship sailed soundlessly in the universe.

Silent and peaceful.

Shua , all of a sudden, a sword light flashed past. It was incredibly bright, and condensed frightening divine patterns. In that instant, it lit up the surrounding stars, and even a distant sun paled in comparison.

As this sword light swept past, the divine chains of Regulations moved, and a ripple formed.

Peng!

Unsurprisingly, the starship was instantly smashed into smithereens. This was a small starship, and its defenses could only reach the peak stage of Sun Moon Tier, at most. Meanwhile, that strike previously was shockingly at the level of Heavenly Body Tier.

A human figure appeared in thin air, entwined all over with the air of Primal Chaos. It was indistinguishable whether it was even male or female, a tall or short figure.

“He” stood in the galaxy, and began a close observation. He seemed to be still worried, and examined every broken piece of the starship to confirm that there was not the slightest sliver of life in them. After this, he waved out a hand, and summoned out a small starship, which he then steered and left.

In the galaxy, the ripples returned to their initial peaceful state, and returned to the state of dead silence.

After a day, that small starship actually appeared once more. After circling around once in the area, it finally left.

“How cautious!” Ling Han uttered darkly inside the Black Tower.

When the starship had been attacked, he just happened to be in the Black Tower, and so did not even have to make the move to hide. When he found out this assaulter was an extremely careful person, he did not rush to leave. Instead, he patiently waited in here. True enough, the attacker made an unexpected return.

This kind of caution was truly fearful.

“Brat, you seem to have offended a great many people,” Notionless Saint said. He had already heard from Ling Han about how the starship had been attacked.

“It is not ‘seem’, but a fact.” Ling Han cracked a grin. “However, not too long after, I would be able to push back, and seize every single person that wants to harm me. Then, I shall let them suffer the consequences of their own actions.”

These words seemed very boastful, but Notionless Saint could not find any way to refute him.

...With a precious treasure like the Reincarnation Tree, Ling Han was indeed right to be proud. Wasn’t it clear that even he was moved, and desired to comprehend Dao underneath this tree?

Ling Han was deducing the identity of his attacker.

It could be the Dark Night Hall, and could also be others.

However, there were only so many elites of Heavenly Body Tier on the Joint Peace Planet. As long as he possessed enough power, he could completely seek out these people. After identifying their respective aura, he would be able to confirm their identity.

Every single elite possessed a unique presence that belonged to them alone, and it was very, very hard for another to imitate it.

“Still, how should we now go to the Flying Cloud Planet?”

Ling Han was feeling awkward. After having lost the galactic coordinates, it was really like he had entered into a colossal maze. Furthermore, there was not the slightest bit of upgrade, and he could only depend on blind guessing completely.

The price of this was time, naturally.

Perhaps when he really stepped on the land of the Flying Cloud Planet, it would be a few decades—or even a few centuries—later.

“No matter what, I have to try my luck. Previously, the starship had already travelled for more than two months, and was not too far away from the Flying Cloud Planet, so there should... be a chance.” Ling Han took out the Cloud Piercing Shuttle, and tried his best to identify the correct direction before beginning his intergalactic journey.

This time, he was really travelling blindly.

A month later, the Flying Cloud Planet was still far from reach, and he had completely no idea where it even was.

Ling Han sighed repeatedly. He had not relaxed throughout this month, and added with the two months that he had travelled previously, the majority of his time was spent comprehending Dao underneath the Reincarnation Tree to accumulate comprehension and form the fifth Mountain River. Now, his comprehension was already very deep, but on the matter of finding the Flying Cloud Planet, he seemed to have slipped into a dead end.

Another half a month later, his comprehension was already adequate. After all, Notionless Saint was by his side to supply consultation, and he also had the support of the Demonic Power Source.

He... was about to break through!

Not to Sun Moon Tier, but the pinnacle of Mountain River Tier.

Was it fast?

Not in the slightest!

It should be known that Ling Han possessed the Reincarnation Tree, and from the moment they left the large galactic tomb, he had already comprehended over 100 years’ worth. If he could still manage to comprehend the secrets of forming the fifth Mountain River with this, he could not possibly do so in the future.

Ling Han put away the Cloud Piercing Shuttle, and stood proudly in the galaxy.

Hong, long, long

. The heavenly tribulation arrived as expected. This was a power that was most omnipotent. Nothing could possibly prevent the arrival of the tribulation.

Ling Han sighed. Only a year had passed, and he would have to experience a hell-like torture again.

Godly bones, shatter!

He took the initiative to shatter his Godly bones to let them be tempered under the heavenly tribulation.

Level Four and Level Five Godly metal appeared to only have the gap of a single level, but even a nine-star genius at the peak stage of Mountain River Tier would not be able to match a Sun Moon Tier cultivator that had just broken through. Similarly, there existed a massive gulf between Level Four and Level Five Godly metal.

Previously, Ling Han’s physique could only be considered in between Level Four and Level Five Godly metal, and only after experience another tempering like such would he be able to reach the level of Mountain River Tier.

He nodded internally. If he did not cultivate to the pinnacle of all five major tiers, his physique would not be able to reach the strongest level in existence.

Just thinking of that was too frightening. Even if he was weak, even the Saint King could do nothing against him.

However, the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll had not been his creation, so even if he was the second person to cultivate this cultivate, what about the first?

That elite must have died, which was why the Black Tower had been searching for a new master.

The creator must have cultivated the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll to the pinnacle, yet he had still died. This meant... that the pinnacle of the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll was not the pinnacle of cultivation, which was why it could be shattered by a stronger power.

Ling Han gathered his scattered thoughts. He was still very far away from the peak of cultivation, so there was still no need for him to consider such matters as of yet.

All the Godly bones in his body were shattered. The smaller the particles they had shattered into, the more complete the tempering from the heavenly tribulation would be. There would definitely still be a difference for two masses of Level Five Godly metal, just like how the low extreme could still be categorized into early stage, middle stage, late stage, and peak stage.

If he was going to this, he would do his best, or he would not do it at all.

Hong, long, long . Thunder rang out loudly in the void. The Regulations of heaven and earth in the galaxy were very weak, and even Mountain River Tier cultivators were capable of flight. Furthermore, the space was very easily destroyed. With the havoc wreaked by lightning bolts as long as 30,000 meters, this place seemed to have become an incredibly bright sea of lightning.

Even Ling Han felt that the tribulation this time round was out of the ordinary, and was much more powerful compared to the times before.

The fifth Mountain River, the true pinnacle, was not allowed by the heavens!

After half a day.

The heavenly tribulation disappeared, and peace resumed. Meanwhile, Ling Han was standing quietly, and learning through experience.

Unlike previously, his power had not soared. Instead... a door had been opened to him, allowing him to further improve his power, spiking it up to the height of seven, eight, nine, or even 10 stars.

But how many stars he could actually reach would depend on his natural talent and comprehension abilities—on how far he could cultivate the fifth Mountain River.

In the distance, a weak light flickered, and he saw a starship heading straight for him.

Subconsciously, Ling Han thought of hiding in the Black Tower, but he immediately realized that this was not that attacker from before, but rather his savior!

Most probably, the commotion caused by the heavenly tribulation previously had been too large, and thus attracted this starship, which purposely turned around to see what was going on.

Great, great, now he finally didn’t have to run around madly in the galaxy any further.

Ling Han cracked a grin. Good news really followed one after another.

He drew out a Change Appearance Pill, which he then consumed.