Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1140: I Shall Help You Deal With It

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Ling Han’s heart clenched, but he also knew that it was truly difficult for disguise skills of this type to fool the eyes of Heavenly Body Tier.

He nodded, and replied, “My name is Ling Han. On my way to the Majestic Heaven Sect, I was attacked, so I decided to simply change my appearance so the other side would believe that I have died. I would also be able to save myself from some trouble in this manner.”

Elder Hai Yun nodded in satisfaction. If Ling Han had been evasive, he would definitely have been secretly displeased, but now that Ling Han had spoken the truth without the slightest hesitation, his impression of Ling Han became even better.

He was an elite of Heavenly Body Tier, and had the feeling of invincibility. Thus, he immediately said, “Who are your enemies? I can speak out for you, and have them no longer target you.”

He was very confident to say such words.

What matters could not be solved by a Heavenly Body Tier in this world?

At least, in this galaxy, there were definitely none!

Ling Han was a bit sheepish, and answered, “I have quite a number of enemies.”

“No matter!” Elder Hai Yun waved his hand dismissively, not in the least concerned.

Ling Han nodded, and replied, “My enemies comprise Great Generals Sha and Zhao from Chaotic Stars Majestic Empire, as well as the Eternity Sky Emperor and the Jade Drop Emperor. Additionally, the Dark Night Hall are also having a covetous eye on me. I will be troubling you then, Senior.”

Pu!

Elder Hai Yun almost spat out a mouthful of blood.

In his eyes, what kind of people could a mere cultivator of Mountain River Tier manage to offend? At best, it would have to be Sun Moon Tier, and only those in the low extreme or medium extreme. If not, how could Ling Han possibly be alive until now?

He himself was an elite of the Heavenly Body Tier. One word from him, and even those in the consummate level of Sun Moon Tier would have to obey his command respectfully. Thus, this was naturally a small matter.

But what kind of people had Ling Han offended!?

Great Generals Zhao and Sha, the Eternity Sky Emperor and Jade Drop Emperor... They were all elites of the Heavenly Body Tier!

Even he was only in the low extreme of the Heavenly Body Tier, so his abilities were more or less even with those of Great Generals Zhao and Sha. And in front of the Eternity Sky Emperor and Jade Drop Emperor, he wasn’t even qualified to speak up!

Among Immortals, the gap of a minor level would mean a world of difference, what more when some had managed to become emperors—which one of them would not have battle prowess that allowed them to surpass a gap of four to five stars? VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

“You...” Elder Hai Yun looked at Ling Han. He was now a little hesitant. Would he be taking in a genius disciple, or an extremely big bundle of trouble?

However, with a turn of thought, he laughed loudly.

For a mere cultivator of Mountain River Tier to offend so many Heavenly Body Tier elites yet still manage to live so heartily was proof enough of his abilities. Who else in this world would be able to accomplish that?

If this brat did not die, his future prospects would be boundless!

“You have formed the fifth Mountain River, right?” Elder Hai Yun asked.

“Yes!” Ling Han did not hide that fact.

Obviously, on the level of true elites, the fifth Mountain River, Sun Moon, and Heavenly Body was not a secret, and the so-called saying of five-star geniuses only existing in legends was only a theory that spread in the circle of low-level cultivators.

...What elite had you seen that had said such words?

With their difference in level, the world they came into contact with was naturally different as well.

In truth, the Joint Peace Planet did not lack five-star geniuses—as in five-star geniuses in terms of power, the true five-star geniuses. Empress Luan Xing herself was even a nine-star genius, but normal people would not be capable of coming into contact with such prodigies.

Just look at Ling Han. After forming his fifth Majestic Heaven Sect, he had entered into the Majestic Heaven Sect, so what opportunity did normal people have to come into contact with him now?

Furthermore, the belief that five-star geniuses only existed in legends was already a universally accepted theory and an ironclad rule that was universally acknowledged. If you suddenly said that there even existed seven- or eight-star geniuses, how many would actually believe you?

Human beings usually chose to believe what they were willing to believe.

“Not bad, not bad. At present, in the Mountain River Tier, only seven have formed the fifth Mountain River Tier.” Elder Hai Yun nodded as he gazed upon Ling Han even more kindly than before. Who would not like a genius?

Yet Ling Han was slightly surprised. In this generation, there were actually as many as seven that had formed the fifth Mountain River?

This was merely a very small galaxy, and there were innumerable such galaxies in the entire Immortal Realm. Additionally, the overall level of the cultivation world here was not high, with only a single elite of the Eternal River Tier. Any who managed to reach the Heavenly Body Tier would be capable of building their own power base.

If it was in a galaxy with a higher overall level of cultivation, then wouldn’t there be even more young king tiers like this?

That was definite.

Ling Han nodded. However, the path of cultivation was like rowing a boat against the current; the further you progressed, the harder it would become. Not only would it be difficult to reach a high cultivation tier, it would naturally be more difficult to cultivate to the pinnacle level on the higher cultivation tiers.

A 10-star genius in Mountain River Tier might perhaps decline to nine, eight, or seven stars in future—who could guarantee that he would be able to cultivate to the pinnacle on every cultivation level?

“Go on. Be more careful when you do things in future, and try to stay inside the sect,” Elder Hai Yun commanded.

After finding out what kind of people Ling Han had offended, he no longer dared to take complete charge of the matter. He might really not be capable of dealing with Ling Han’s enemies.

Ling Han saluted again, then turned and left.

His lodgings were on the White Frost Peak. By this time, his rooms had already been prepared. It was a small palace, and was large enough to accommodate over 100 people, but presently, the only two staying here were Ling Han and Fan Ru.

“Not bad, the Spiritual Qi on the White Frost Peak is especially dense in the first place, and added with the fact that there is a formation in this palace to gather Spiritual Qi, it is really not bad to cultivate in this place.” Ling Han nodded. He told Fan Ru to choose any room, while he himself would naturally be occupying the master rooms.

However, if it was in terms of cultivation environment, how could this compare to the inside of the Black Tower? There was a Reincarnation Tree growing inside!

Ling Han worked hard on cultivation inside the Black Tower.

At first, he was slightly proud of himself, but when he heard that there were another six people in the Majestic Heaven Sect that had formed the fifth Mountain River, he felt a strong pressure.

...In the Mountain River Tier, he was still not invincible!

If he was careless and relaxed, others might catch up to him, or the gap between him and others would become larger and larger.

He took out True Origin Stones, and built a small formation by his side. Abruptly, incredibly rich Spiritual Qi surged. It was practically impossible for it to disperse, just like a heavy fog. It twined around him, and was absorbed by him.

This was completely burning through his True Origin Stones, but the effects were apparent. The richness of this Spiritual Qi was at least a hundredfold stronger than that of the Spiritual Qi outside.

As Ling Han refined Spiritual Qi for his own use, he comprehended Dao underneath the Reincarnation Tree, allowing his thoughts to wander.

‘I still have to combine cultivation with the use of alchemical pills, working on both at the same time.’ After the night ended, Ling Han stopped cultivation.

He looked at Can Ye and the others, and Yuan Cheng He, who was the most talented, had already reached the ninth layer of the Shattering Void Tier. If it was not because he wanted to make his cultivation level even sturdier, he could already attempt breaking through to the Mountain River Tier by now.

But there was no rush now. Though Yuan Cheng He was not a top-grade genius, there should be no problem for him to rush up to 14 stars in power. Then, his battle prowess would possibly reach 20 stars, and he could be called a genius in the Immortal Realm.

Ling Han gave the four of them a few words of encouragement, and then left the Black Tower. He decided to find Shui Yanyu, the Rain Emperor, and the others.

He thought for a moment, and then decided to give more attention to his lover than his friends. He chose to find Shui Yanyu first.

Ordinary disciples were naturally not staying on the White Frost Peak, but rather on the Black Water Peak. This mountain peak was much shorter than the White Frost Peak. On his way here, he could already sense that the Spiritual Qi in the environment here was much inferior.

No wonder there were so many ordinary disciples that wanted to become the followers of seeds. That was because they would be able to stay on the White Frost Peak, where the environment for cultivation was much better.

Yi, what a coincidence!

Ling Han was just about to find someone to ask where Shui Yanyu was staying when he just happened to see the beauty walk over, and there was a man in green robes following behind her. He looked quite handsome, and seemed quite confident in himself, with a powerful vibe of arrogance.