Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1148: Disciple’s Battle

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The cultivation levels of these two people weren’t high, with both of them being at the medium extreme of the Mountain River Tier. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

However, they were naturally talented in their own way, or else they wouldn’t have become seeds of the Majestic Heaven Sect. For example, Fang Jin was radiating with a frosty aura that could transform into ice. As such, his opponent’s attacks would be sealed by ice before they could even reach him.

Meanwhile, his opponent was no pushover, either. He could transform into lightning, and this was a technique that was even more powerful than the Thunderclap Ninth Heaven. Divine patterns hovered around his body, and he wasn’t afraid to take hard hits from his opponent.

Ordinary Mountain River Tier cultivators would stand no chance against them, even if they were one minor level above them. This was because their attacks would be ineffective against these seeds. However, although physical attacks were ineffective against them, they could still be wounded by attacks that contained intertwining divine patterns.

For example, Fang Jin could wound his opponent’s lightning body if he stabbed him with a sword that was formed from his frosty aura and laced with intertwining divine patterns. On the flipside, his opponent could also threaten him greatly when he launched spears of lightning toward him.

The two of them quickly became serious, and they both started to unleash their full powers.

Putting aside their cultivation level, their battle prowess was indeed very impressive.

Sure enough, seeds couldn’t be underestimated.

Ling Han couldn’t help but wonder whether he could suppress these two if they were at the same cultivation level.

It was hard to say.

Ling Han compared his battle prowess to theirs. In terms of strength, these two people were no weaker than him when he had been at the same cultivation level as them. However, this was before taking into account their trump cards. For example, he possessed the Fast Technique and the Annihilating Dragon Star Arrow, and these were secret techniques that could lead to huge changes in his battle prowess.

In addition, Ling Han also cultivated the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll, which allowed him to develop an astonishing physique. If he battled against someone at the same cultivation level, he was already set to be undefeatable.

After battling for a long time, Fang Jin finally won by a small margin.

Both of them retreated to rest, giving the battle arena to the next two challengers.

Several other people went up to battle after them, and all of their battles were delightful and intense.

They were all prodigies of the sect, and thus none of them would rely on a higher cultivation level to defeat their opponent. Everyone chose an opponent who was at the same cultivation level as them—or at least within one minor level—regardless of whether they were challenging someone or being challenged by someone.

Although a difference in one minor level could also lead to a power difference of three stars, nothing could be done about this. There was no such thing as absolute fairness in the world.

In fact, being able to win or tie while being one or even two minor levels beneath one’s opponent would appear even more impressive. Achieving such a feat would exemplify one’s standing as a prodigy.

Although Ling Han was itching to fight, only He Tao and Wu Zhe were worthy of being his opponent. The others were genuinely too weak to pose a challenge to him. He was unwilling to pick on others, so he simply spectated the battles from his seat.

Spectating battles could also aid one’s comprehension, and he did indeed attain some enlightenment by watching the others battle. He was able to better combine his Fast Technique with the power of Regulations.

‘At its most fundamental level, cultivation can be categorized into utilizing Regulations and destroying Regulations. So, I can achieve the strongest dao in the world if I’m able to unleash both of these qualities to the extreme!

‘However, I’ll need to fully comprehend the Regulations if I’m to wield them to the extreme. Otherwise, how will I utilize them, and how will I destroy them?’

Ling Han nodded to himself. Everyone here was cultivating toward a different path, yet all of them could be of help to him.

“I’m Ding Ping. Please!”

He was lost in thought, yet he suddenly saw his disciple leap into the battle arena. His opponent was a young and fairly good-looking woman. She wore a long crimson dress, and she appeared radiant but still extremely charming.

Ding Ping blushed upon seeing this beauty. He was young, and the time he had spent cultivating in seclusion far outweighed the time he had spent traveling outside and training. Thus, he was sorely lacking in experience of all sorts.

“Lan Luan!” The young woman immediately charged toward him after announcing her name.

Her weapon was a sword, and a boundless Sword Qi swept outward as she thrust her sword forward. Even space was torn apart, with countless fissures forming in the air.

This wasn’t fatal, yet it was incredibly annoying. Space had been distorted, and this would affect one’s movements. Perhaps one could have advanced 15 meters with a single leap normally. However, the distortion of space meant that one might only be able to advance nine meters. Moreover, the direction of one’s leap might also be different from their intended one.

The blush on Ding Ping’s face immediately disappeared once he started to exchange blows with his opponent. He had experienced several battles, so he understood just how cruel and ruthless battles could be. Once on the battlefield, his opponent was his enemy. He couldn’t go easy on them just because they were a beautiful woman.

He roared loudly as he charged forward and swung his fists violently.

He was born special, and the composition of his bones was different from others’. He could unleash his power 100-fold, and this would elevate his power by two stars even though he was already at the Mountain River Tier. This was extremely astonishing.

Ding Ping had almost reached a state of perfection at the Shattering Void Tier, and after reaching the Mountain River Tier, his power could surpass a little over five stars. Add to that these two stars of explosive power, and there was no need for him to use any secret techniques. His fists were his most powerful weapon.

His power could surpass a whopping seven stars! He was so powerful that he could easily suppress his opponent.

The prodigies were stunned upon seeing Ding Ping unleash his full power.

Although Ding Ping had already entered the Majestic Heaven Sect for a year, everyone had been working hard and cultivating before this gathering.

‘This lad... is astonishing!’

Power was a core attribute to cultivators. All secret techniques and martial arts techniques were built upon the basis of power. However, power was relatively hard to improve. In most cases, one’s power would only be on par with their cultivation level. In fact, one would be regarded as a prodigy if their power could surpass their cultivation level by just one star.

Even the power of seed-level prodigies like them could only surpass five to six stars. If they wanted to surpass seven stars, they would need to form five Mountains and Rivers and break through the barrier that limited their power.

It could be said that a power of six stars was the limit of the consummate level of the Mountain River Tier.

However, Ding Ping had broken through this limitation and obtained a power of seven stars. Moreover, he had done so without the help of any secret technique. His punch was extremely ordinary, and there were no divine patterns flashing around his fist. However, it appeared as indestructible as if it were a punch from God.

Lan Luan’s cultivation level was identical to Ding Ping’s, with both of them being at the peak stage of the low extreme. However, her power was far weaker than his, so she was completely suppressed and unable to counterattack.

She was a seed, though, so she naturally wouldn’t admit defeat so easily.

“Hiyah!” she cried softly, and streaks of blue light burst from her slender body. They surprisingly formed dozens of palm-sized birds that swooped toward Ding Ping.

“Huh? Those are blue-beaked birds!”

“These are ancient divine birds, and according to legends, they once pecked a Saint to death!”

Someone immediately yelped in surprise, revealing an astonishing rumor as they did so.

Saints were the most powerful beings of the Immortal Realm; they were the legends of the legends. However, a blue-beaked bird had actually pecked a Saint to death? What kind of terrifying existence was this?

At least 100 blue-beaked birds swooped toward Ding Ping. They opened their sharp beaks, and everyone could see the swirls of divine patterns that decorated them. One could imagine just how mighty the power of their pecks would be—it would definitely be no weaker than an attack from a God Tool.

Even Saints could be pecked to death, and this proved just how powerful these birds were. Although they were only unleashed from the body of Mountain River Tier cultivator, their might was still relatively impressive.

Ding Ping was unfazed, and he continued to launch punches toward his opponent. The might of his fists compressed the air and formed layers of waves that obliterated the blue-beaked birds before they could even reach him.

Lan Luan let out a shrill cry, and the blue light that was bursting from her body gathered together to form a giant blue-beaked bird. The aura that radiated from this bird instantly soared significantly.