Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1150: Vile Conduct

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The Rain Emperor had truly been angered, and after 10 punches, Chao Xuan was once again sent flying.

‘Too powerful!’ VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

They were obviously of similar cultivation levels. Chao Xuan was even two sub-minor levels higher than him, but within 10 moves, he was already defeated. This was too unbelievable.

It should be known that they were all seeds, and were all super geniuses. With similar cultivation levels, it should have been a closely locked battle no matter what. Yet, the result was a completely one-sided battle.

Moreover, the Rain Emperor’s cultivation level was slightly lower, and there was a gap of two stars of power!

Yet Ling Han knew that the path the Rain Emperor walked was a path of forcefulness and ferocity. If he could win, then about 10 moves would be enough, and if the battle dragged onto from 10 to 100 moves, it was proof that the Rain Emperor was actually at a disadvantage.

Chao Xuan had been defeated twice, and his face was no longer flushed red. Instead, he bore a livid expression. He could no longer find the face to stay here. Covering his face, he left. If he stayed here any longer, the looks from all the spectators would be like swords and knives, and might cause him to collapse.

The Rain Emperor’s fighting spirit burned, and he asked, “Who else would do battle with me?”

Everyone looked at each other. Those who had a similar cultivation level with the Rain Emperor had no absolutely no certainty that they could defeat the Rain Emperor, and for those whose cultivation levels were higher than the Rain Emperor, they could not find the nerve to make a move. Previously, even Chao Xuan, who was in the late stage of the medium extreme, had been easily defeated. Then, it was obvious that the late stage of the medium extreme was not quite good enough.

But if one was in the high extreme, this gap was a little too big, wasn’t it? Who would have the nerve to take that kind of advantage?

Hence, the Rain Emperor asked for a battle. Though there was more than 100 people here, still, no one accepted his challenge.

“Hoho, we can’t let the atmosphere get cold. How about this? I’ll come and fight.” Wu Zhe stood up.

The others all looked at one another. This was one of the six king tiers. If he made a move, aside from He Tao, who would be able to match him? Moreover, the gap between cultivation levels was really too huge, wasn’t it? Could this even be considered a spar?

“To be fair, I will seal off my cultivation level, and we shall battle with the same cultivation level,” Wu Zhe said. He pressed a few times on some parts of his body, and true enough, his aura immediately dropped to a level about similar to the Rain Emperor’s.

“Junior Brother, is this fair?” he asked with a smile.

The Rain Emperor did not answer. Instead, he merely shouted, and fighting spirit burned strongly in his eyes. Then, he began a mad barrage of attacks towards Wu Zhe.

Peng, peng, peng, peng. His punches fell like rain, and even someone as strong as Wu Zhe could actually only parry, and was forced into continuous retreat.

Everyone was shocked, struck mute with astonishment.

That was Wu Zhe, one of the six publicly acknowledged king tiers. They were capable of sweeping aside all Mountain River Tier cultivators, and only the other five would qualify to be a match for him. But now, in a battle of equal cultivation levels, it was actually the Rain Emperor who was pressing down on Wu Zhe. This was really an incredible shock.

When the Rain Emperor, too, reached the peak stage of the Mountain River Tier in future, wouldn’t there be seven great king tiers then?

Although there was a serene smile on Wu Zhe’s face, he was actually cursing internally.

He, too, had not foreseen that the Rain Emperor’s fist technique would be as powerful as this. When he had watched earlier, he had only thought it was fierce, but now that he himself was on the receiving end, he realized that the latter’s fist technique was practically close to Heavenly Dao. Every attack of his fist was like the heavens itself pressing down on him. He was completely incapable of resisting.

It was not that he had no means of fighting back, but in terms of power, it had to be a complete domination. But now that their cultivation levels were the same, what did he have that could dominate over the Rain Emperor?

He could not accept the result of being defeated, even if he had suppressed his cultivation level.

As a king tier, how could he lose in a battle of equal cultivation levels?

He suddenly threw out a punch, and forcefully greeted the Rain Emperor with his own attack.

Peng!

The two fists crashed into each other, and all of a sudden, a frightening shock wave was generated. Even if all the people here were seed-level geniuses, they still had to stretch out a shield of Origin Power. Otherwise, if they were scraped by this gust of wind, it would definitely not be a pleasant experience.

Wu Zhe and the Rain Emperor pulled back at the same time. Teng, teng, teng. Wu Zhe took seven steps back, whereas the Rain Emperor retreated nine steps. In terms of power, he was at a slight disadvantage, but the difference was that there was blood seeping out of the Rain Emperor’s fist. His arm was also visibly bend and broken. It was obvious that the bone was broken.

In this clash, the Rain Emperor had lost completely.

“As expected of Senior Brother Wu. His place as one of the six king tiers had definitely not come through boasting; in a battle of equal cultivation levels, he is invincible!” the spectators praised. This result was what they had imagined.

Yet Ling Han’s eyes frosted over as he stared at Wu Zhe.

Just now, the number of divine patterns that had flickered on Wu Zhe’s fist were as many as 91!

This meant that though he had not used power above the medium extreme, he had used the power of Regulations.

Of course, it was not fair!

Though power was the most important factor of a cultivator, Regulations should similarly not be underestimated. Just like in the large galactic tomb—the power of that stone statue formation had not changed the whole time, but because the might of the divine patterns increased, the might of the stone statue formation had correspondingly risen as well.

This should not have been possible for a cultivator to do, but Wu Zhe, one with a superior cultivation level facing an opponent of an inferior cultivation level in a situation wherein power was unchanging, could increase the might of his divine patterns. The results could be claimed to be exactly the same as the stone statue formation’s workings.

Wu Zhe had done this very secretly, but how could he possibly fool Ling Han, who possessed the Eye of Truth?

‘You dare to bully my Second Brother?’

Fury abruptly surged within Ling Han. He glared fixedly at Wu Zhe. He would definitely avenge this loss.

The Rain Emperor was a straightforward character. He, too, had sensed something off, but a loss was still a loss. There was no excuse. Hence, he nodded, and said, “I have lost!” While speaking, he retreated back to his original position and sat.

“Thank you for the battle.” Wu Zhe made a pretense of being modest.

“Senior Brother Disciple Wu, please fight me!”

Ling Han was just about to walk down into the arena when he saw someone was a step earlier than he. He had already leaped into the arena before him, so Ling Han could only choose to temporarily abandon his plans.

This person was Su Jing.

“Please!” Wu Zhe released the restrictions on his cultivation level. His opponent was at the consummate level of the Mountain River Tier, so there was no need for him to deliberately suppress his cultivation level. “As a senior disciple, I will limit my moves to 10. As long as Junior Brother Su can take 10 moves from me, it will be considered my loss.”

How confidently had he spoken such words!

But it was not going too far. If he did not suppress his cultivation level, he possessed the power of five Mountain Rivers, and his strength would reach seven stars at least. Even if there was only a gap of a single star between six and seven stars, this gap of a single star was extremely massive.

Su Jing did not dare be careless. His opponent was a king tier of Mountain River Tier, and had truly stood on the pinnacle of this domain. His strength had exceeded all imagination.

He used a powerful move at the first instance. Endless divine light entwined around his entire body, and in a single instant, his body had turned into a volcano. There were bright crimson flows of lava surging all over his body, and he breathed very hot air from his nostrils.

Was this still human? This was obviously a giant of lava and fire!

Wu Zhe indulged him calmly. Someone who had not formed his fifth Mountain River could not possibly know how powerful this cultivation level was. Even if there was only an additional star of strength, this was the pinnacle level. It was even harder to cultivate than the Sun Moon Tier. If one could not sweep aside all Mountain River Tier cultivators below this cultivation level, then what was the point of cultivating the pinnacle level in the first place?

Su Jing shot out a palm strike, and the area was completely covered with crimson flames as lava gushed. It was as if doomsday had come.

Everyone quickly put up a shield of Origin Power. This was battle prowess on the level of consummate level, and could not be compared to the previous battles at all.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Su Jing attacked continuously, and Wu Zhe merely parried his blows casually. He appeared so completely careless, and very much at ease.

“Nine moves!” Wu Zhe smiled, and said, “Please be careful, Junior Brother Su. I am about to counterattack!”