Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1154: Junior Brother Wu

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Though Brother Wu and Senior Brother Wu were different by only one word, the meaning each address represented was completely different.

Senior Brother Wu was a kind of respectful address from one who admitted his own abilities were no match for his. As for Brother Wu, that was a polite address from one who absolutely did not think he was weaker than him.

It was just like He Tao and Wu Zhe, who would address each other as “brother”, and neither would address the other as senior brother. As for those who referred to themselves as senior brother, that was because they thought that they were stronger, so how could they possibly lower their own standing?

But that was He Tao and Wu Zhe, two of the six king tiers. Was he, Ling Han, qualified to do the same?

Wu Zhe’s face involuntarily darkened, and a hint of displeasure appeared on it. Did this brat think that he could challenge him just because he had defeated Zhang Long? He was wary of Zhang Long, but that was not because of his present abilities, but rather his potential. In future, the latter might possibly be on equal grounds with himself.

If it was in terms of abilities, he was naturally capable of crushing Zhang Long. Forming the fifth Mountain River was a qualitative boost.

Meanwhile, He Tao smiled slightly. He was still using divine flames to boil tea, appearing to be very serene. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

“Junior Brother Han, you seem to be a little too arrogant!” Wu Zhe said icily.

“Junior Brother Wu, I think that you had better address me as senior brother. That way, even if you lost, it would be logical,” Ling Han countered with a smile.

Pu!

The others were gaping with their mouths wide open. They had already known that Ling Han was very arrogant, but had never thought that he would be so direct!

All of them were seeds of the Majestic Heaven Sect, so why did he have to go so far with his actions?

If he lost this battle, then would he still be able to stay in the sect? Who would dare befriend him after he became the target of Wu Zhe, one of the six king tiers?

Would Ling Han be able to win?

Besides diehard fans like Hu Feiyun, practically no one would believe that Ling Han would be able to win over Wu Zhe.

...Even if Ling Han had just beaten Zhang Long, Wu Zhe had defeated Su Jing, Du An, and such extreme geniuses. Furthermore, as one of the six king tiers, this glory was enough to fill others with absolute belief in him.

In the sect, no one could challenge the position of the six king tiers.

Nobody understood. Why did Ling Han seem to have a grudge against Wu Zhe to actually oppose him in this manner?

They had indeed not guessed wrongly. Ling Han was a man who was too protective of his own. Wu Zhe had previously played a trick on the Rain Emperor, so how could Ling Han pretend like he had not seen it? He was naturally going to avenge this loss.

“Junior Brother Han, you are really quite interesting!” Wu Zhe’s whole face was livid. He stretched out his right hand, and weng, it immediately turned pure gold in color like it was forged from divine metal. There was a vague feeling of transparency to it.

The last few times he had fought, he had been very casual, but now, he had already used a powerful move even though the battle had not begun. It was naturally because he was truly angered. Of course, the other reason was that Ling Han was strong enough as he had defeated Zhang Long with a single move. Even Wu Zhe would not dare be careless with power like Ling Han’s.

Ling Han similarly did not dare underestimate this opponent. The trick he’d played on the Rain Emperor was one matter, but Wu Zhe’s abilities could not be refuted just on the basis of that. Ling Han’s physique was enough to make him invincible, but he did not want to use that kind of method to defeat his opponent.

He was trying to get justice for the Rain Emperor, so he naturally had to obtain a satisfying victory.

“Junior Brother Wu is not the slightest bit interesting, though, not calling me senior brother nicely. What are you being so stubborn for?” Ling Han said, smiling.

“Have you had enough!!” Wu Zhe roared angrily. Weng, this shout turned solid, creating a visible sound wave. They could see a golden ripple roll out in all directions.

Peng, peng, peng, peng. At least half of the spectators fell off their rocks.

The might of one shout was actually that powerful!

Everyone was astonished. Wu Zhe probably hadn’t shown even 30% of his true abilities so far.

Oh no, how was Ling Han going to block it?

Ling Han stood proudly, and as the sound wave swept over him, it only caused his robes to flutter and his hair to wave slightly. How could it have possibly hurt him? He calmly said, “It is not decided by who has the louder voice. No matter how loud you shout, junior brother would still be junior brother, and it cannot be changed.”

“You!!” Wu Zhe had almost gone mad in rage. He pounced out.

In the end, he could not stop himself from taking the initiative to attack Ling Han.

Theoretically, the senior brother would have to make an allowance of one or two moves in this kind of spar, and this was also why he had not made his move just now when he had obviously been in a thunderous rage. That was because he wanted to conduct himself with dignity as per his status, but now, he had been so angered by Ling Han that he had forgotten all that. He only wanted to trample all over this despicable guy.

However, he was truly powerful—incredibly powerful, even.

Cultivating the fifth Mountain River was the pinnacle level. Innumerable rays of golden light descended from the skies, forming multiple sharp blades that slashed down on Ling Han.

Ling Han stretched out his right hand, and formed a barrier above his head. A frightening amount of Origin Power boiled, exuding an aura that was not the slightest bit weaker than Wu Zhe’s.

Peng, peng, peng, peng!

The golden blades fell, but not one was able to penetrate Ling Han’s barrier of Origin Power. And at this moment, Wu Zhe himself had also already arrived. His punch landed like a great star falling down, causing the heaven and earth themselves to pale in comparison.

Ling Han’s competitive spirit burned, and he similarly raised a fist to receive the other’s with an attack of his own.

Peng!

The two fists collided, and instantly, a brilliant, blinding light was created. A shock wave rippled out. Those who had just sat back down were once again sent flying. This time was even worse as they fell off the mountain peak.

Thankfully, the mountain peak was not tall. Hence, they merely fell a short distance before reaching the ground.

The collision of fists of Wu Zhe and Ling Han had not ended. The two sides were exerting power, wanting to cause the other to collapse.

Zizizi, endless power appeared in the form of light, continuously ****, and the deafening noise was like a heavenly tribulation, and also like the heavens collapsing.

Peng!

Finally, the two of them trembled, and ended this clash of fists. Wu Zhe was bounced back, and landed safely with a somersault, whereas Ling Han retreated slightly for seven steps before regaining his balance.

Who got the upper hand?

They couldn’t really understand what they were seeing. It seemed to have been a draw.

Ling Han frowned slightly. He had just broken through to the pinnacle level, after all. In terms of mere power, the other was just that slight bit superior to him, but the gap was not too large. Then, in a situation where the power of both sides was about the same, it would have to depend on who had the stronger secret technique, and whose natural talent in battle was higher.

Wu Zhe’s expression instantly became incredibly serious, and he said, “No wonder you were so arrogant, so it turns out that Junior Brother Han has also cultivated to the pinnacle level!”

‘What?!’

Everyone felt their hair rise on ends. This aggressive guy had actually also formed the fifth Mountain River?

No wonder, no wonder he had been able to challenge Wu Zhe. The two of them had already stood on the true peak of Mountain River Tier.

“Then, let us battle with our fullest!” Wu Zhe shouted loudly, stretching out both arms. They were actually stretching continuously, becoming thinner, and turned into two golden blades. The blades were covered with divine patterns all over, and if one counted, there were as many as 79 of them!

He gave a large shout, and charged over at Ling Han. His two blade arms were brandished continuously, shooting out terrifying flashes of Sword Qi.

Ling Han did not take it lying down. Using his two fingers like he would a sword, he ran forwards to receive the attack.

Ding, ding, ding, ding!

They clashed endlessly. They were obviously mere bodies of blood and flesh, yet in their clash, the sounds of metals colliding with one another was heard, causing others to gasp. To what freakish extent had these two people cultivated their physique?

But none would be as apprehensive as Wu Zhe!