Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1169: Thousand Source True Fluid

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Thousand Source True Fluid?” Notionless Saint thought for a moment, and then replied, “After an Immortal of Eternal River Tier dies, the violence in his blood will be worn away after a very, very long time, and if the essence within has not been completely lost, it could possibly become Thousand Source True Fluid.

“For Immortals below Eternal River Tier, this is a precious treasure.

“Every drop of Thousand Source True Fluid would contain the comprehension that the Immortal in Eternal River Tier had about the Dao of Heaven and Earth, and could aid an Immortal in improving his cultivation level, which is pretty good.”

Realization dawned on Ling Han. No wonder Gao Huang was so anxious about the Thousand Source True Fluid; he had already reached the peak stage of Sun Moon Tier, after all. However, how utterly difficult was it to take the one step toward the Heavenly Body Tier? Even his father, who was similarly in the Heavenly Body Tier, had no way to do anything.

After Gao Huang consumed these three drops of Thousand Source True Fluid, he might even have a chance of breaking through to the Heavenly Body Tier.

Though Ling Han had never seen this Gao Huang before, judging by his actions, this man had to be a very greedy character. Furthermore, since it was related to such an important matter like the breakthrough to the Heavenly Body Tier, it was naturally best to have as much Thousand Source True Fluid as possible.

And Gao Huang actually said he merely wanted three drops. What did that mean?

The difficulty level of obtaining the Thousand Source True Fluid had to be incredibly high. Thus, with Gao Huang’s greed, he wanted “only” three drops.

“Sun Moon Tier cultivators are not able to enter into the Yellow Spring Mystery Realm. Hence, he sought elites of Mountain River Tier everywhere, having others find Thousand Source True Fluid for him.” Ling Han shook his head. “What an extremely selfish person. What right does he have to ask others to give up treasures that they have obtained with such difficulty?”

Ling Han could barely bother to get angry, and once again began to concoct alchemical pills.

Before entering into the Yellow Spring Mystery Realm, he first had to upgrade the Divine Demon Sword up to Level Four. This required an extremely large amount of True Origin Stones.

This time, Ling Han did not spend all his time on alchemical concoction. He would take out some time for cultivation to improve his Origin Power and Body Art. Only if he himself was strong would he have true power.

However, after merely half a month, Ling Han was forced to call a halt to his alchemy.

Yuan Cheng He was about to break through!

He could not allow Yuan Cheng He to appear for no conceivable reason and endure the heavenly tribulation in the sect. Thus, Ling Han left the sect all by himself, then summoned the Cloud Piercing Shuttle once more, and went to a distant place. He then released Yuan Cheng He so that he could endure the tribulation there.

Because his foundations were very solid, added with the fact that Yuan Cheng He’s natural talent was very extraordinary, he naturally endured the heavenly tribulation easily, which meant Ling Han had another Immortal on his side.

Can Ye also encountered no problem in enduring the tribulation. However, in the case of Guang Yuan and Zhu Wu Jiu... there was a bit of difficulty.

It couldn’t be helped. In terms of talent, these two were really a bit too ordinary. In a small world, they could still barely be considered geniuses, but ordinarily speaking, they should have been limited to the Flower Blossom Tier. But now, Ling Han had forcibly pushed them up to Shattering Void Tier, and they might even possibly break through to the Immortal level. This caused the two of them to feel like their own power was slightly beyond their own control.

So, they would probably only be able to reach the Mountain River Tier.

Or so Ling Han thought. Can Ye and Yuan Cheng He still had space for further improvement, but as for Guang Yuan and Zhu Wu Jiu, that would be that.

He returned to the Majestic Heaven Sect, and continued to cultivate earnestly in seclusion.

When the deadline of one month had arrived, he brought the alchemical pills he had concocted to the Mo Clan Establishment.

“Yi, so much Godly metal!” Ling Han was surprised. The Spatial Spirit Tool that Han Huo had handed him was filled to the brim with Godly metal. Though he knew that alchemical pills were very profitable, could it really be as profitable as this?

“Hoho, I reported Young Master Han’s matter to the clan, and the clan issued a command to me, which was to do my utmost to complete Young Master Han’s mission,” Han Huo said with a smile. “I have spent the whole month gathering Godly metal. Besides that, the clan is also mobilizing our members to transport Godly metal from other locations. As long as Young Master Han does not say it is enough, the supply of Godly metal will not stop.”

Ling Han smiled, and said, “Aren’t you all afraid that I will not be able to concoct enough alchemical pills to repay this debt?”

“Haha, as long as Young Master Han is happy, what would merely some Godly metal be worth?” Han Huo declared proudly.

The Mo Clan could be considered the largest business establishment in this whole galaxy. Though Han Huo’s words were a bit exaggerated, he did indeed have the confidence to say them.

Ling Han was surprised. The Mo Clan actually had such a high opinion of him, investing so much in him before he had even broken through to the Sun Moon Tier? It should be known that the least scarce resource in this world were geniuses, and it was very easy for them to wilt halfway to the peak.

It could only be said that Mo Clan was really filthy rich, and they were capable of taking the risk of losing the investment. Furthermore, once Ling Han became a great elite of the Heavenly Body Tier in future, the rewards that the Mo Clan would reap would be astonishing.

If Ling Han could go even further, and reach the Eternal River Tier, the Mo Clan was really about to soar.

“Thank you.” Ling Han did not play coy.

He was confident that he would be able to reach the Heavenly Body Tier, Eternal River Tier, or even Genesis Tier. The amount that the Mo Clan had invested in him today would definitely reap them a very heavy fruit in future.

When he returned to the Majestic Heaven Sect, Ling Han began to improve the grade of the Divine Demon Sword.

Slash, slash, slash, slash, slash. In merely less than half a day, all the Godly metal had been turned into scrap metal, and the Divine Demon Sword was still far from reaching Level Four.

The higher the grade, the more Godly metal was needed for it to advance further. Moreover, it was not just a little bit more.

Ling Han could only wait longer. Thankfully, there was still more than three months’ time until the time the Yellow Spring Mystery Realm would open.

The Majestic Heaven Sect had also begun to distribute the entrance slots for entering into the Mystery Realm. Aside from the disciples at the Mountain River Tier in the sect, there was also a portion of entrance slots distributed to those from outside the sect. As for what they would need to give up in exchange, only the person who was responsible for this matter would know.

Ling Han could not control these matters, so he merely spent his efforts in cultivation and alchemy.

The Demonic Power Source had also been expended more or less. Thankfully, Ling Han was the Alchemy Emperor on his own merits, and could use alchemy to support his cultivation. Though the effects were not as amazing as using the Demonic Power Source, the advantage was that he could concoct alchemical pills on his own, and there was no limit to their number.

Good news came one after another.

Along with the endless supply of Godly metal the Mo Clan Establishment delivered to him, his Divine Demon Sword had finally been improved to Level Four. Now, he needed Level Four Godly metal to be able to continue improving the grade of the Divine Demon Sword.

Though the requirement had only been increased by a single grade, the price needed was definitely tenfold and above.

Thus, Ling Han felt embarrassed to have the Mo Clan Establishment continue working for nothing. Instead, he planned to first pay back the debts that he had incurred this time round before he considered the matter of purchasing Level Four Godly metal in bulk.

He placed the hopes of easy money on this venture into the Mystery Realm. If he could get a few secret techniques, and take them out to be sold off, his profits would definitely be incredible.

Besides, he had also reached the middle stage of the pinnacle level, while his power had advanced to eight stars.

This was extremely incredible. Who asked him to have the Reincarnation Tree, so he had enough time to accumulate comprehension of his cultivation level?

The Rain Emperor, Ding Ping, Shui Yanyu, Hu Feiyun, and the others were also obviously improving. The most incredible one was still the Rain Emperor, who had shockingly achieved the peak stage of the medium extreme. Even if he had the assistance of Ling Han’s alchemical pills, as well as the Reincarnation Tree to assist in comprehension of Dao, this was still extremely shocking. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

It was as if the Rain Emperor was naturally born for martial arts, and the higher his cultivation level was, the more frightening his explosive burst was.

Meanwhile, Feng Po Yun, Ding Ping, and the others had just advanced into the medium extreme, and the gap between them and the Rain Emperor was becoming larger and larger.

Shui Yanyu had also reached the peak stage of the high extreme. As for Hu Feiyun, since she was Empress Luan Xing’s doppelganger, as long as she was willing to seriously cultivate, the rate at which she progressed was similarly shocking. She had already broken through to the peak stage of the consummate level, and could attempt to reach the pinnacle level.

And the Yellow Spring Mystery Realm had finally opened as well.