Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1183: Red Rain Divine King Tree

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The Berserk Blood Spirit Pill would boost up a Sun Moon Tier by a sub-minor level upon consumption, and there was no limitation to cultivation level.

It meant that if someone in the middle stage of the low extreme of the Sun Moon Tier took one, he would be able to reach the late stage of the low extreme, and if someone in the early stage of the consummate level took one, he, too, could similarly reach the middle stage of the consummate level.

This effect was too astonishing.

However, when Ling Han looked at the ingredients listed out in the pill recipe, he gritted his teeth.

An alchemical pill that could defy nature naturally would require extremely amazing ingredients as well.

One of the most important main ingredients was called the fruit of the Red Rain Divine King Tree. Though it was only a Level Eight Godly medicine, it was incredibly rare. Furthermore, the required age for the fruit to be capable of usage was as much as a million years. If this was in the Black Tower, from the moment of planting onwards, it would still need as long as a 1,000 years.

For Immortals, a millennium was indeed not long. Mountain River Tiers might not even be capable of advancing further in that amount of time. However, Ling Han had advanced through the cultivation levels too quickly, so 1,000 years was really something he could not accept.

However, if he managed to find the fruit of the Red Rain Divine King Tree, he would still gather them.

Even if not for himself, he could also prepare it for his brothers, the friends by his side, his beautiful wives and lovers, parents, and children. In short, this kind of precious medicine was the more the better, and he would definitely not ignore it.

Of course, if it would have an obvious effect on even cultivators at the consummate level of the Sun Moon Tier, the Berserk Blood Spirit Pill was naturally a Level Eight Divine Pill. If it was consumed by cultivators in the low extreme, medium extreme, and high extreme of the Sun Moon Tier, there would be a certain amount of risk as they could possibly explode from the powerful effects.

Thus, if these people consumed the Berserk Blood Spirit Pill, they had to have a senior protecting them from the sidelines, using the power of a great elite to suppress the medicinal effects. Otherwise, if they really died from consuming medicine, wouldn’t that be too worthless a death?

Ling Han placed the Berserk Blood Spirit Pill aside first. Firstly, his divine sense was not strong enough at present, and secondly, there were no ingredients for him to begin concoction.

The first one he prepared to concoct was the “Thousand Crane Pill”.

It could grant all cultivators below the Heavenly Body Tier the ability to fly, though it was only temporary, expiring when the medicinal effects were no longer active. Furthermore, it could cause one’s speed to spike rapidly, so it was very practical.

In a crucial time, it could be used to save a life.

A life-saving alchemical pill was definitely the most valuable.

The three of them journeyed during the day, and they would stop to rest at night. Traveling in this kind of dangerous place, they naturally had to ensure that their best condition was maintained as much as possible.

At night, Ling Han would comprehend the pill recipes underneath the Reincarnation Tree.

He was the Alchemy Emperor, and was naturally a maniac in this field as well. Once he began his studies, he was unstoppable. For a considerable number of days, he would be sitting by himself under the Reincarnation Tree, which made Shui Yanyu feel strange.

Usually, Ling Han would be teasing her, causing her to blush furiously, greatly embarrassed. But now? He had been treating her like empty air for several days in a row by now. He did not even see the seductive signals that she had been casting with her eyes.

She was practically going to die of fury. It was either that he was like a damn pervert, or he would be serious like a complete gentleman. Completely two opposite ends of the spectrum!

After walking for another few days, a mountain appeared ahead of them.

This mountain... could only be considered half a mountain, as if had been slashed in half at about halfway up. The remaining half of the mountain now appeared a little weird as it ended abruptly.

There were figures flickering on the mountain, and it was not just one or two, but rather an extremely large number of them.

Ling Han and his group walked to the foot of the mountain, and then found out that this was a mountain of herbs. There was a great many types of Godly medicine growing here.

Low-grade Godly medicine could be harvested as much as one liked, but high-grade Godly medicine would be guarded by restrictions. If one wanted to dissolve these restrictions... it was very difficult. There were some that could not even possibly be broken through, and would require at least power on the level of the Heavenly Body Tier.

Ling Han couldn’t help but feel pleased. Perhaps there might be ripe fruits of the Red Rain Divine King Tree here?

Then he would only need to advance into Sun Moon Tier, and he would be able to concoct the Berserk Blood Spirit Pill. His abilities would then soar consequently.

Moreover, even if it wasn’t for the sake of the fruit of the Red Rain Divine King Tree, as long as there was Godly medicine, wasn’t it all worth harvesting?

The three of them had apparently come a little late. The low-grade Godly medicines that were not protected by restrictions here had all been harvested. However, Ling Han was not all that interested in these types of Godly medicine, in any case. There was already a great amount of Godly medicine being cultivated inside the Black Tower, though its grade was slightly lower.

They searched as they walked, and very soon found a few Godly medicines that were protected by restrictions. Their grade was as high as Level Seven, but they were not ripe yet. Going by Ling Han’s deduction, it should be the mother plant had ripened, but because it had not been harvested, its seeds fell onto its original grounds, which resulted in a number of new plants.

Because this area had been designed for a single Godly medicine to grow in the first place, there were now a good number, and though it did not appear crowded, the nutrients were obviously inadequate, which caused these few stalks of Godly medicine to appear a little dispirited.

“I have allowed you all to suffer. I will soon save you!” Ling Han said, smiling involuntarily.

“...I haven’t seen someone as shameless as you. You are obviously using them to concoct alchemical pills, and still make it seem as if you are the savior.” Hu Feiyun made a face at him.

“Then don’t eat the alchemical pills I concoct!” Ling Han replied with a grin.

“I was just saying, you’re being so petty!” Hu Feiyun said with a pout.

Ling Han circled a few times around the Godly medicine, and first memorized the restrictions. Then, he began to simulate the restrictions beneath the Reincarnation Tree.

After a while, he left the Black Tower, and began to break through the restrictions.

This was more time-consuming than he had expected. Only after 17 days had passed did Ling Han finally manage to break through the restrictions and store these several Level Seven Godly medicines into the Black Tower.

“Going by the rate we’re going, even if we spent the whole half a year here, we wouldn’t be able to take away much Godly medicine.” Ling Han shook his head. “We had best search first to see if there are any fruits of the Red Rain Divine King Tree. This is the most valuable Godly medicine to me right now.”

Shui Yanyu and Hu Feiyun would naturally not disagree. Furthermore, they, too, would be able to use the alchemical pills he concocted, so there was even less of a chance for them to have objections.

Ling Han gave up the idea of scooping up the whole lot, and began to look for the fruit of the Red Rain Divine King Tree. If he could find it, he would put in his full efforts to collect it. If there was none, he would have to turn back to find the most valuable Godly medicines here. No matter what, he would have to take a few of them back.

However, even he had to spend more than a dozen days to be able to break through a single set of restrictions, and that was equivalent to over a dozen years. Others would naturally only be capable of feeling powerless.

Thus, unless they had brought a specialized precious tool that could break through the restrictions, the majority would only be able to harvest those ordinary Godly medicines that were not protected by restrictions.

Because they were only searching, and not collecting, after a mere half a day’s time, Ling Han had just about searched through the whole mountain of medicine. Just when they were about to end their search, his eyes finally lit up, and he looked pleasantly surprised.

“It really is the fruit of the Red Rain Divine King Tree!” Ling Han laughed loudly.

In front of him, there was a tree 30 meters tall. It was crimson all over, and its leaves were formed from flames, continuing to burn fiercely. And between the tree leaves, there were multiple fruits growing.

These fruits were producing steam, which dripped onto the fruits like raindrops, making for quite an amazing sight.

Ling Han was naturally happy. Though these fruits had not completely ripened, they were already very big. If he transplanted them into the Black Tower, they might be able to completely ripen in three to five years’ time.

This was really a huge gift!

There was a total of 27 fruits, and if one fruit could be concocted into one Berserk Blood Spirit Pill, that would be equivalent to 27 pills. Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Of course, that was only possible if he succeeded every time, and did not waste even a single fruit.

This was naturally impossible. Who could successfully concoct an alchemical pill with only one attempt?

Ling Han rubbed his hands together, and began to study how to break through the restrictions.