Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1217: Location of the Five Sects

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Who would have imagined that the once-invincible Majestic Heaven Sect would actually collapse one day?

Venerable Trinity had disappeared, and the 24 Heavenly Body Tier elites had also vanished. It was hard to believe that they weren’t dead.

Although the Majestic Heaven Sect had never referred to itself as the strongest force in the galaxy, it was obvious that the existence of an Eternal River Tier would intimidate the entire galaxy. Now that the elites of the Majestic Heaven Sect had suddenly disappeared, the galaxy naturally descended into chaos and turmoil.

Long-absent and large-scale battles were imminent, and planets would perhaps even invade other planets. The battles wouldn’t be limited to continents.

However, true elites would also rise from these great battles—after all, how could supreme prodigies appear in times of peace and inactivity?

Meanwhile, the disciples of the Majestic Heaven Sect also returned where they had come from, be that their clans or their kingdoms.

As for Ling Han, he decided to remain on the Flying Cloud Planet for a little longer. Here, the Mo Clan was currently using their network to help him look for the Five Sects. However, this required time. In any case, Ling Han would only set off after breaking through to the Sun Moon Tier anyway. Thus, he wasn’t in much of a hurry.

Hu Niu had told Ling Han some cultivation secrets, for example, the uses of Mountains and Rivers, Suns and Moons, and heavenly bodies. These entities weren’t merely limited to storing power, and they could actually be unleashed to suppress one’s opponent.

In fact, they could even form their own “worlds”.

For example, one could unleash their Mountains and Rivers and trap their opponent within this landscape. Meanwhile, Suns and Moons and heavenly bodies were naturally more powerful.

The overall level of cultivation in this galaxy was far too low, and thus cultivators’ utilization of their own power was also extremely limited. Such situations would never appear in high-level galaxies.

“So, it turns out that I can still raise my battle prowess by a significant amount!” Ling Han murmured to himself.

He suppressed his cultivation level and battled against Ding Ping, Feng Po Yun, and the others. Their cultivation levels were the same, yet Ling Han’s battle prowess instantly increased explosively when he unleashed his Mountains and Rivers to suppress his opponent. This was because unleashing his Mountains and Rivers created a scenario where he was battling in his own “world”. Thus, he could naturally detect all the movements of his opponent. Moreover, he could also use his “world” to continually affect his opponent.

‘Even if hundreds upon thousands of Mountain River Tier cultivators were to attack me at this moment, I would be able to divide and defeat them one by one.

‘In terms of unleashing one’s full potential, this galaxy is still stagnant at a primitive level.

‘However, Venerable Trinity clearly unleashed his Eternal River at that time. He unleashed a silver river that formed a defensive barrier around Yang Hao. He probably learned that secret technique at the Two Realm Battlefield. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

‘However, he didn’t teach this secret technique to the disciples of his sect. Perhaps he was planning to teach this secret technique to his true successor only.’

Ling Han wasn’t one to keep his knowledge from others. Although he wasn’t generous enough to teach such a secret technique to everyone, he would definitely teach it to those close to him, such as Feng Po Yun, Mu Rong Qing, Ding Ping, and the others.

Moreover, he would naturally teach it to Hu Feiyun as well. Once she learned it, Empress Luan Xing would have also learned it. As for whether she taught it to others, Ling Han didn’t care at all.

This was simply a technique to fully utilize one’s Mountains and Rivers, Suns and Moons, and heavenly bodies. It wasn’t some unteachable secret.

Several days later, the Chaotic Stars Majestic Empire sent a starship to collect cultivators from the empire. Hu Feiyun, Li Weiwei, and the others all boarded the starship to return. Ling Han had initially wanted to kill Zhao Lun as well, yet he had fled quickly and returned to the Joint Peace Planet on a merchant ship.

Meanwhile, Feng Po Yun, Mu Rong Qing, and the others didn’t leave. They wanted to search for the Five Sects alongside Ling Han. They had all come from the small world, so they naturally couldn’t forget the sins of the Five Sects.

Everyone cultivated earnestly. Once they learned of the Five Sects’ location, they would immediately set off for that galaxy. At that time, bloodshed would be inevitable. Thus, the more powerful they were, the better.

Due to the collapse of the Majestic Heaven Sect, the two other forces on the Flying Cloud Planet—the Four Seas Majestic Empire and the Great Heaven Majestic Empire—were finally able to rise. They invaded and conquered the land that had previously belonged to the Majestic Heaven Sect. This naturally led to a series of large-scale battles.

However, these battles had nothing to do with Ling Han. He simply guarded his own plot of land. Meanwhile, he used copious amounts of Level Four Godly metal obtained by the Mo Clan Establishment to raise the level of his Divine Demon Sword.

Before setting off to search for the Five Sects, there were two goals that he had to satisfy—break through to the Sun Moon Tier and evolve the Divine Demon Sword to Level Five Godly metal.

He had already reached the pinnacle level of the Mountain River Tier, yet breaking through to the Sun Moon Tier still wasn’t something that he could in a short amount of time. This required not only the accumulation of comprehension, but also the accumulation of Origin Power.

Advancing from the Mountain River Tier to the Sun Moon Tier was a huge leap. Thus, one needed to accumulate enough comprehension and Origin Power before attempting to break through. Otherwise, they would be sucked dry.

Ling Han also prepared Godly medicines as he completed his accumulation. If his accumulation turned out to be insufficient, he could at least still rely on a large number of Godly medicines to make up for any deficiencies. This would save him from the wretched fate of having his life essence sucked dry.

He was so busy that he had no time to focus on alchemy. He basically sat under the Reincarnation Tree every single day, cultivating the Mountain River Tier to perfection as he explored the great dao of the Sun Moon Tier.

Half a year flew by in the blink of an eye.

To immortals, half a year was truly like the blink of an eye. To Ling Han and the others, however, this was several hundred years of comprehension.

Ling Han was already confident that he could break through to the Sun Moon Tier. At the same time, the Mo Clan also delivered some good news—they had found the location of the Five Sects.

They were on the Cloud Apex Planet, a planet that was located in the Long Light Galaxy. The Cloud Apex Planet was a 200-year flight away from the Flying Cloud Planet.

This was an extremely long distance. Otherwise, it wouldn’t have taken the Mo Clan so long to find them. In fact, they had only found the Five Sects after contacting merchant after merchant and slowly spreading and expanding their network.

Fortunately, Hu Niu had modified his Cloud Piercing Shuttle and made it many times faster than ordinary starships. She had also installed a star chart, and thus they didn’t need to worry about getting lost.

Their trip would take... around two years.

Very well!

Ling Han began to break through to the Sun Moon Tier.

After seven days, he opened the door to a completely new world. A red sun formed in his Dantian, and heavenly tribulation also rumbled over at this moment.

Ling Han would repeat his agonizing process again—he would shatter his Godly bones and temper them under the tribulation, causing them to become tougher and stronger than before.

Meanwhile, the auctioning of his four drops of Thousand Source True Fluid and the abundant amount of ancient pill recipes had also brought him a great amount of wealth. Not only had he cleared his debt, but he still had a large amount of leftover wealth to spend on Level Four Godly metal. That was exactly what he did next.

Only at this moment did Ling Han feed his Divine Demon Sword the last piece of Level Four Godly metal. His Divine Demon Sword advanced to Level Five.

Human and sword faced heavenly tribulation together.

Boom!

Thunder rumbled and lightning flashed. This was a terrifying scene. Like always, Ling Han shattered his Godly bones. Meanwhile, a web of cracks appeared on the Divine Demon Sword. However, it didn’t snap. Instead, it continued to expel a large number of metal shreds from its body.

These shreds were slag, useless bits of material. It was as if the Divine Sword had developed a spirit of its own as it actively evolved aiming for a state of perfection.

The rain of lightning eventually enveloped Ling Han and his Divine Demon Sword, its brilliance illuminating the sky and universe.