Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1220: Arrival

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Ling Han and his group finally set off.

The Cloud Piercing Shuttle could not accommodate so many people, but that was fine as it had already been remodelled into a starship. With the star chart, they only had to enter the galactic coordinates, and it would be able to move automatically.

Thus, everyone could enter into the Black Tower to cultivate, and did not have to worry about steering.

Even if the Cloud Piercing Shuttle had been remodelled, they would still need an entire two years to reach the Cloud Apex Planet!

For Immortals, two years’ time could not be considered long, but everyone naturally would not be wasting these precious two years away.

Cultivate! Cultivate! And more cultivating!

The Black Tower lacked Spiritual Qi, but that was fine. There was a great amount of True Origin Stones available. Furthermore, they had many, many alchemical pills. As long as Ling Han’s cultivation level was in the lead, he would be able to supply a great amount of alchemical pills for those by his side, letting everyone’s cultivation soar along with his.

Everyone was cultivating, and only Ling Han was still spending a great amount of time on alchemy.

Since he had crossed over into the Sun Moon Tier, he wanted to attempt concocting the Berserk Blood Spirit Pill. A single pill would be able to allow an advancement of a sub-minor level. In theory, he only needed 16 pills, and he would be able to reach the consummate level of the Sun Moon Tier, what more when he had the Reincarnation Tree to strengthen his comprehension of the cultivation level—he did not have to worry that pure reliance on alchemical pills to advance his cultivation level would lead to instability of his cultivation level.

However, this kind of nature-defying alchemical pill would definitely have correspondingly heavy side effects, and could not be taken continuously. However, even if he took one per year, he would only need 16 years to be able to pass through the Sun Moon Tier.

And this was on the basis that he was not doing anything else in the meantime. Otherwise, it would be even faster.

Of course, if his comprehension was inadequate, it would be useless even with the Reincarnation Tree. He would be stuck on some cultivation level, unable to break through. Even if he were given 10,000 Berserk Blood Spirit Pills, he would still be helplessly stuck.

The Berserk Blood Spirit Pill was a Level Eight Divine Pill, yet Ling Han was only a Level Five alchemist at present. Hence, he could not succeed in a single go, and had to slowly progress through the levels. Thankfully, among the great number of ancient pill recipes he had obtained, there were naturally Level Six and Seven pill recipes he could practice with.

Ling Han first studied a Level Six pill recipe, which was called Explosive Thunder Pill.

After taking this pill, one would temporarily possess the power of lightning, and get a boost of two stars to his battle prowess.

Even though that was just two stars, it had to be known that even someone as freakish as Ling Han only had six stars of regular battle prowess. Then, wasn’t a boost of two stars of power already quite awesome enough? However, the higher the battle prowess, the smaller the boost that this Explosive Thunder Pill would provide. If he used it, he would definitely not be able to get the effects of a boost of two stars. He would probably be getting a boost of one star, and just barely.

The reason why he chose this pill recipe to concoct was because Ling Han just happened to have Lightning Fruit in his possession, and this was the main ingredient to concoct the Explosive Thunder Pill.

After spending five months’ time, Ling Han finally grasped the method of concoction, but he still failed nine times before he finally concocted the first Explosive Thunder Pill successfully.

This was a Level Six Divine Pill, and concocting it once would take as long as half a month!

Of course, this was referring to successful concoction. When Ling Han had first begun concoction, his furnace had exploded after only one day. He had slowly improved from there.

Then he began to study a Level Seven pill recipe—the Spiritual Rain Bone Developing Pill.

Tempering his Godly bones, and improving his physique. This was a very rarely seen Godly medicine, and amongst Level Seven alchemical pills, it was one of the top-ranked.

The time he spent on this was even longer. Only after an entire seven months did Ling Han begin to try concoction, and when he successfully produced the first furnace of Spiritual Rain Bone Developing Pills, their galactic journey of two years was also about to end.

Not only had Feng Po Yun and the others completely stabilized their cultivation levels after breaking through, their improvement was also apparent, particularly Ding Ping’s. He had reached the late stage of the consummate level, which was very, very shocking.

Ahead of them appeared a planet, whose main color was crimson. FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

This was the Cloud Apex Planet.

The reason why its main color was crimson was because an aquatic plant called “Crimson Cloud Aquatic Grass” was growing everywhere on the Cloud Apex Planet, and the Cloud Apex Planet had a lot of bodies of water, so the whole planet looked completely crimson.

The Cloud Piercing Shuttle stopped, and was switched to Ling Han driving it manually. However, after it had been modified into a starship, it was actually not appropriate to use as a Flight God Tool anymore, because it was slow to start, and once it burst, its speed was too fast, so it would easily crash.

Hence, starships were starships, whereas Flight God Tools were Flight God Tools, and both basically could not be used interchangeably.

Though Ling Han was very careful, when the Cloud Piercing Shuttle landed, it still crashed. Thankfully, the defensive formations had also been improved, and it did not shatter even after suffering such impact. Otherwise, Ling Han would have to start worrying how he was going to return to the Joint Peace Planet.

He stored the Cloud Piercing Shuttle into the Black Tower, and Feng Po Yun and the others all came out to breath in the air of this planet.

“In terms of Spiritual Qi, it seems to be slightly better than both the Joint Peace Planet and Flying Cloud Planet,” they judged.

“Perhaps the overall martial arts level of this place is higher.”

The Five Sects only had elites of the Sun Moon Tier, but that did not mean that this planet was also the same.

Their landing area was deep in the mountains, and they had taken a bit of effort to finally walk out of the mountains, and enter into a small town in the vicinity.

First, they had to know where exactly they were, and where the Five Sects were.

When Ling Han and his group entered into the small town, they all looked surprised because there was a great many strangely shaped person who had the heads of bulls, heads of goats, tails of tigers, and so on.

They were... Demonic Beasts who had cultivated to the Immortal level, and had thus taken human form!

On the Joint Peace Planet and Flying Cloud Planet, Demonic Beasts and humans were standing on completely different and opposite sides. Both parties were sworn enemies who would devour each other if they had the chance, but looking at this place, there were obviously many humans in the small town, yet they seemed to have a peaceful relationship with the Demonic Beasts.

It was a different universe, with a different environment.

They were very curious, but the human-shaped Demonic Beasts here did not even spare them a second glance, just as if they were used to seeing human cultivators.

Ling Han and his group entered a restaurant, and asked for a private room. In any case, True Origin Stones was the shared currency of the whole Immortal Realm. They called a waiter and made discreet inquiries, and finally got a better understanding of this planet.

In this place, the reason why the Demonic Beasts and humans could be on good terms with one another was because they all had a common enemy—the Netherworld!

That was right. This was the passageway of the two realms. All cultivators were duty-bound to head out to resist the invasion of the Netherworld, and as time passed, it was natural that the Human Race and Demonic Beasts would no longer have strife between them, aiming their collective blades and weapons at their shared enemy instead.

Of course, even amongst humans themselves, internal conflict was inevitable, what more when it was between two completely different races. However, in comparison to the absolute opposition between humans and Demonic Beasts on Joint Peace Planet, this place was a great many times better.

In short, the main theme here was opposing the Netherworld. No one could stand against this main idea, or they would be treated like a spy from the Netherworld and executed.

Ling Han bought a map, and after studying it, he realized that the Five Sects were all located in the Great Crimson Sun Imperial Empire, which was not that far from their current location. It was about half a month’s journey away.

Imperial Empire!

That meant that this force would definitely have an elite of the Eternal River Tier standing guard.

The present emperor of the Great Crimson Sun Imperial Empire was respectfully called the “Crimson Flames Emperor”. It was said that a million years ago, he had already reached the peak stage of the Eternal River Tier, and was presently planning to pass on his imperial throne to his descendant, while he himself would be putting his full effort into attempting to break through to the Genesis Tier.

To be passed on to his descendant, and not his child.

Why was it so?

That was because this Crimson Flames Emperor had really lived for too long. His children and grandchildren had all died, while he was still determinedly living. Hence, his imperial throne could naturally only be passed on to one of his great-grandchildren.