Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1221: Han Lin Pavilion

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Now that they knew the exact location of the Five Sects, Ling Han and his group set out immediately.

In half a month’s time, Ling Han had obtained new enlightenment on the concoction of the Spiritual Rain Bone Developing Pill. He did not begin concoction, but merely meditated to make up for his shortcomings. He was sure than when he opened his furnace, not only would he be able to guarantee a successful concoction, there would also be a very great improvement.

They entered into the territory of the Great Crimson Sun Imperial Empire, journeyed on for a further five days, and arrived at the Red Clouds Perch Mountains, the location of the Cloud Phoenix Sect.

This was naturally because he wanted to first find the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden, and then research on how he was to overthrow the Five Sects.

Though the actions of the Five Sects were definitely forbidden in the Immortal Realm, the Lower Realm had already opened the sky and come to the Immortal Realm. Naturally, they no longer had proof, so how were they to prove that the Five Sects had once refined the living beings of a small world into an alchemical pill?

Thus, Ling Han naturally could not choose the path of “complaining”, but rather planned to use his own hands to overthrow the Five Sects.

This would be even more satisfying.

‘Who knows what cultivation level the Sword Emperor and the Setting Sun Saber Emperor are at?’ Ling Han thought. These were beings that he could only admire from afar at one point, but in the Immortal Realm, even the Sword Emperor and the others might not be qualified to be called prodigies.

Well, it was still uncertain. Perhaps, in the Immortal Realm, they could still maintain their astonishing natural talent, and remain stunning for their whole lives.

He suppressed his competitive spirit, and came to a small town at the foot of the Red Clouds Perch Mountains. This small town depended on the Cloud Phoenix Sect to exist, and cultivators were everywhere.

Some had come to seek a master, while others had come to ask for the help of the Cloud Phoenix Sect to settle some problems that they were unable to resolve on their own. Some had come to pay a visit, whereas others had come here to do business.

In short, to judge whether a force was flourishing or otherwise, one needed only see if its subsidiary town was prospering or lively. If it was so quiet that there were not many visitors, then this force naturally was not all that powerful.

Going by that understanding, the Cloud Phoenix Sect was truly existing quite prosperously.

Ling Han and his brothers, along with Ding Ping and Helian Tianyun, stayed here for a few days, and unobtrusively made their enquiries. However, to their disappointment, there was no news of the location of the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden.

Not only was there no news of the location of the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden, there were no clues even for the Sword Emperor, the Setting Sun Saber Emperor, and the others.

“Oh, right!”

Ling Han clapped his hands. The Sword Emperor and Setting Sun Saber Emperor were called so because that was reality for them in the small world, but now that they had come to the Immortal Realm, would they still dare to address themselves as such?

If you called yourself an emperor, what would the Crimson Flames Emperor be? FiNd 𝒖pd𝒂tes on n(𝒐)/v𝒆l𝒃𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Then, they must have changed their nicknames.

Of course, Ling Han knew the name of the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden, but this name... was very strange! Years ago, just to find out this name, he had half-cajoled, and half-forced the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden in the name of his assistance in concocting alchemical pills for her.

It was after that time when he had become the target of the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden, just as if he had committed a very, very great crime against her.

Additionally, the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden had also warned him to definitely not reveal her name to another person.

“So how do I find her?”

Ling Han was troubled, and after thinking for a while, he decided to first find his four disciples.

As he saw it, when the Five Sects descended 10,000 years ago, the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden should have brought his four disciples along with her to the Immortal Realm. Then, he would only have to find his four disciples, and he would naturally be able to find out where the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden was.

He decided to do just that.

He switched to asking around about the locations of Jiang Yue Feng, Chen Rui Jing, Yun Yong Wang, and Kang Xiu Yuan. This, on the other hand, very soon produced results—Yun Yong Wang and Kang Xiu Yuan were presently quite well-known, and were the two chief alchemists of the Han Lin Pavilion.

Han Lin Pavilion?

If the words Han Lin were turned around, then wouldn’t it be pronounced Ling Han?

“Come, let’s go to Big Trade City!”

The Han Lin Pavilion was precisely in Big Trade City, and Big Trade City was merely two days’ journey away from the Red Clouds Perch Mountains, and was also the nearest large city for the Cloud Phoenix Sect.

Very soon, they arrived, and after making some slight enquiries, they soon found out that the Han Lin Pavilion had only existed for a few thousand years, but in recent times, it was developing better and better. The two chief alchemists had both broken through to Level Five, and their talent was extremely shocking.

Being able to break through to become a Level Five alchemist meant that one’s cultivation level had also reached the Sun Moon Tier. Otherwise, the strength of his spirit would not be sufficient to support the concoction of Level Five Divine Pills—aside from a very limited, rare few, whose spirits were incredibly strong.

Ling Han nodded internally. The improvement of his two disciples was quite impressive because they focused on alchemy. Even with that, they could manage to advance from the Shattering Void Tier to the Sun Moon Tier in 10,000 years’ time. This improvement was extremely astonishing.

As expected of his disciples.

Because this involved his previous life, Ling Han had Feng Po Yun buy a courtyard in the city where they settled down. Afterwards, it would be possible for them to go their separate ways. As they continued to learn through experience, they could gather information about the Five Sects.

To them, the Five Sects still belonged to the category of massive entities. Furthermore, this was an Imperial Empire, where there were extremely great numbers of Heavenly Body Tier elites, and even Eternal River Tiers numbered in the tens or even hundreds. Who knew if the Five Sects had a powerful background?

Getting revenge was a must, but they definitely could not allow themselves to die in the process.

Ling Han took a stroll. This Big Trade City was also one where humans and Demonic Beasts cohabited, filling him with an urge to capture the Demonic Beasts walking by his side and turn them into a delicious feast.

He secretly begged pardon in his heart. His true nature as a glutton was difficult to change.

After a while, he arrived at the Han Lin Pavilion.

There were so many people.

At the entrance, people crowded around, so many that it was practically impenetrable.

Ling Han couldn’t help but feel curious. This business was really too good, wasn’t it? They were crowding in like this just to buy some alchemical pills?

He heard the conversation of others around him, and only then did he find out that it was not that the Han Lin Pavilion’s business was really as booming as this, but rather because there was a challenger.

The opponent was an alchemist from the Treasure Forest Pavilion, and expressed his intention to have a friendly competition with the Han Lin Pavilion in alchemy.

Those were his words, but everyone very clearly understood that the Treasure Forest Pavilion had come here to crash the party and beat down on the momentum of the Han Lin Pavilion.

It was because the Treasure Forest Pavilion had initially been the largest alchemy trader in Big Trade City, but now, the Han Lin Pavilion had emerged so suddenly and strongly. Though the latter was still far off from threatening the position of the Treasure Forest Pavilion, there were some beginning signs of it.

The Treasure Forest Pavilion was a colossal entity, and the Treasure Forest Pavilion in Big Trade City was only a single branch. It was said that this alchemy business spread all over the whole Imperial Empire, and possessed shocking wealth and power. Even the Crimson Flames Emperor had to give them some face.

Hence, now that there was an alchemist from the Treasure Forest Pavilion here to crash in on their scene, it was natural that not a single person was optimistic about the Han Lin Pavilion winning.

“Lost again!” A round of exclamations sounded from in front of the masses. Everyone shook their heads; it turned out that the Han Lin Pavilion had already lost four rounds in a row.

Ling Han forced his way forwards. What kind of power did he possess now? He merely needed to slightly channel the power of Sun Moon Tier, and he easily managed to squeeze to the forefront of the crowd.

This was already inside the Han Lin Pavilion, and there was a wide space deliberately left empty in the center. There were two alchemist furnaces in place, and the party on either side was visibly standing on clearly opposing sides, each behind a single furnace.

Yun Yong Wang! Kang Xiu Yuan!

Ling Han immediately discovered his two disciples. 10,000 years had passed, but there was not much change in their appearance. They only appeared to have become calmer and more collected, steadier than before.

“Hoho, we have already competed for half a month, and you all have already lost four rounds in a row. Even if we compete in a fifth round, the results will be the same!” In the Treasure Forest Pavilion’s camp, an old man smiled calmly, appearing to be filled with confidence.

In this half a month’s time, they had competed from concocting Level One Divine Pills all the way to Level Four, and it was a complete victory for the Treasure Forest Pavilion so far.

“Not necessarily!” Yun Yong Wang humphed, and then turned to look at Kang Xiu Yuan. “Third, you go or I go?”

“Me then.” Kang Xiu Yuan stepped out.