Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1238: Two Realm Battlefield

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Miss Han is Madam’s distant relative.” The young maid leading Ling Han in had a very gossipy nature, and unendingly talked about Lin Yuqi and Han Xinyan.

In short, the two women had a very close relationship, or Han Xinyan would not have come to such a small city for no reason.

When she had brought Ling Han to a courtyard, the maid curtsied, and said, “Miss Han should be presently meditating inside. I do not dare disturb her, so it would be better if you yourself knock on the door, Young Master.”

As she said so, she turned around, and left.

This was really irresponsible.

Ling Han knocked on the doors. Knock, knock, knock. After a while, he heard footsteps. Squeak, the doors were opened, revealing an almost naked person.

It was Han Xinyan.

F***, even she wanted to tempt him?

“Ah...!” Han Xinyan suddenly released a sharp shriek. Bang, the doors immediately closed again.

Ling Han rubbed his nose. He had almost been hit by the doors when they closed.

After only a short while, the doors were opened once more, and Han Xinyan was aggressively rushing out. This time, she had naturally dressed herself, her hand wielding a sword, and she slashed out at Ling Han. “How dare you, you shameless b******!”

Ling Han hurriedly dodged. Though this woman was indeed outstandingly talented in alchemy, in martial arts, she did not have corresponding abilities. Ling Han merely sent out the heaven’s might in a slight wave, and her body weakened. How could she possibly have the ability to attack further? Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

“Do not misunderstand. I have just come to teach you the method of concoction for the Berserk Blood Spirit Pill!” he said, smiling.

Han Xinyan paused, delivered a few more slashes, and only then withdrew her long sword regretfully. She rebuked, “B*******!”

Ling Han sighed, and said, “I didn’t do anything to you, right? I was just normally knocking on the door, and you were the one who came out completely undressed.”

Han Xinyan couldn’t help but flush. She had a bad habit, and that was that she liked to remove all her clothing when she was studying a pill recipe. Only then would she have inspiration. Moreover, this was the internal courtyard of Lin Yuqi, where there was not one man. Hence, she naturally had no fear that she would be exposing her nakedness.

But who’d have known that a man would have appeared all of a sudden like this, and seen her completely.

This was so humiliating!

She glared fiercely at Ling Han, and said, “This matter... Never speak of it again!”

She was not an unreasonable person, and knew that the fault did not lie with Ling Han. Yet, she was still extremely displeased internally.

‘A woman with small breasts would also have little tolerance!’ Ling Han thought.

This woman was really flat-chested. In truth, even when she had undressed completely, he had not seen much. If it was merely looking at her breasts, she could absolutely disguise herself as a man.

“All right!” He went with the flow, and also feared that she would hang onto him, saying something along the lines of him having seen her completely exposed, so she could marry no one but him.

He directly threw out a book, and said, “This is the pill recipe of the Berserk Blood Spirit Pill, you can study it on your own first. I have some matters to handle, so I have to leave Big Trade City for a while. If you have anything you do not understand, you can note it all down, and ask me when I return.”

Han Xinyan was irritated. They were both Level Eight alchemists, yet he looked like he was teaching her. Did he think of her as a junior?

But now that she had obtained the pill recipe for the Berserk Blood Spirit Pill, she couldn’t bring herself to become hostile with Ling Han. She could only store away the pill recipe in much displeasure. At this time, she really dared not declare stubbornly that she refused to accept the pill recipe.

Ling Han waved a hand, and left for the Two Realm Battlefield.

He set out to the frontier grounds of the Great Crimson Sun Imperial Empire and Blue Cloud Imperial Empire. That was where the Two Realm Battlefield was located. The Netherworld and the Immortal Realm had one similarity in this place: the Netherworld could invade the Immortal Realm through this place, while the Immortal Realm could also enter the Netherworld from here.

The Cloud Piercing Shuttle was no longer suitable for travelling around one planet. Thankfully, Ling Han had already grasped the Star Plucking Step, and added with the lightning technique he had cultivated from studying the heavenly tribulation, his present speed was extremely amazing.

In a mere 20 days, he had already reached the Two Realm Battlefield.

Before he had set out, he had first refined a Berserk Blood Spirit Pill. He had spent a whole three days to digest the medicinal effects completely, and the red sun within his body suddenly doubled in size, allowing him to advance into the middle stage of the low extreme.

Why was this kind of alchemical pill called “Berserk”? Because the medicinal effects were indeed berserk. Even if Ling Han’s physique had reached the extent of Level Six Godly metal, the force had still caused lacerations on his flesh, and he had even broken a few of his Godly bones.

No wonder that if they weren’t in the consummate level of the Sun Moon Tier, other Sun Moon Tier cultivators had to take this medicine only under the care of other elites. Otherwise, they would only explode from the berserk medicinal effects.

If they had died from merely taking an alchemical pill, that would have been too much of a waste.

After taking the pill, with Ling Han’s sensitivity as the Alchemy Emperor, he discovered that there was alchemic poison left within his body. If he took another Berserk Blood Spirit Pill, then not only could it not possibly produce the effect of increasing his cultivation level, it would instead cause him to die of poison.

What kind of concept was one Berserk Blood Spirit Pill? It would boost a Sun Moon Tier by a sub-minor level. What kind of damage would that produce if it exploded?

It was practically equivalent to a full-power blow from a Heavenly Body Tier!

What kind of Sun Moon Tier would be able to endure such poison?

Ling Han had no solution for it. He kept observing the dispersion rate of the alchemic poison, and came to a conclusion. This was probably going to take as long as three years.

This also meant that if he did not have any special means to resolve the alchemic poison in his body, he would have to wait three years before he could take a second Berserk Blood Spirit Pill. But just think—that meant it would help him reach the peak stage of the Sun Moon Tier in 50 years at most.

What a terrifying improvement rate this was!

How long was the lifespan of a Sun Moon Tier? They would have 4,000,000 years to live at consummate level!

A whole 4,000,000 years could be cultivated within 50 years. Wasn’t that terrifying enough, and wasn’t that fast enough?

Of course, it could not be compared to Hu Niu’s speed. The overall level of cultivation of the Celestial Realm was even higher, producing Genesis Tier cultivators like the Immortal Realm produced Shattering Void Tiers. It could not be claimed to be easily done, but it probably wasn’t all that difficult, either.

On the Immortal Realm’s side of the Two Realm Battlefield, a bridgehead stronghold had been established, and its name was Wolf Fang City.

The Wolf Fang City existed to provide a resting place for the soldiers fighting with the Netherworld, a kind of sanctuary, and at the same time, also a stronghold. Once Wolf Fang City was conquered, the armies of the Netherworld would march unchallenged and wreck the entire Cloud Apex Planet.

There were only two Imperial Empires on the Cloud Apex Planet: the Great Crimson Sun Imperial Empire and the Blue Cloud Imperial Empire. Thus, the main forces here naturally comprised of the armies from the two great Imperial Empires. Aside from them, all cultivators and Demonic Beasts that had reached the Immortal level were duty-bound to join the Two Realm Battlefield.

There were a few well-known troops here, like the Purple Moon Army under the Purple Moon Divine Maiden, the Wind Riders Army under the Wind Rider Divine King, and the Holy Army under the Wide Travel Monk King. These troops had all established their reputation for being firm and powerful in the great war between the Netherworld and the Immortal World.

When they came to the Two Realm Battlefield, a cultivator could freely choose one out of two options.

Firstly, he could join an official army and join the war as a soldier, and when he had accumulated enough merit points, he could retire from the army with glory.

Secondly, he could also act alone and hunt down the beings from the Netherworld. This similarly would accumulate merit points.

Merit points were the unique currency in the Two Realm Battlefield.

Though resistance against the invasion from the Netherworld was right and just, they couldn’t compel others to throw away their heads and spill their blood with just one word, right? Hence the idea of merit points. One could use merit points to redeem various types of alchemical pills, God Tools, and even cultivation techniques, or others.

And once the total value of merit points had been accumulated to a certain extent, one could choose to retire from the army.

It had already been said that joining the Two Realm Battlefield to resist the invasion of the Netherworld was the duty of all cultivators of the Immortal Realm. Everyone had to perform this “military service”, and if they did not perform it when the time limit had passed, if they were caught, their only fate was execution.