Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1239: Lord Rabbit?

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Usually, 100,000 years after breaking through to the Mountain River Tier, one would have to join the Two Realm Battlefield.

However, some people were prodigies who might have advanced into the Sun Moon Tier after 30,000-40,000 years. Hence, there was a rule that those who had advanced into the Sun Moon Tier had to enlist in the army to resist the enemy forces within 1,000,000 years of their breakthrough. What about those that were slightly more genius, and had advanced into the Heavenly Body Tier within 1,000,000 years after that?

Then they would have to join the army within 10,000,000 years from then. In short, you had to perform your military service unless your abilities were strong enough to oppose the two great Empires.

This time limit was meant to give geniuses a long enough time for them to develop and grow to avoid them dying needlessly on the Two Realm Battlefield.

The most useful item on the Two Realm Battlefield was merit points.

How was one to retire from military service?

By depending on merit points.

Mountain River Tiers needed 100 merit points, Sun Moon Tiers needed 10,000, whereas Heavenly Body Tiers needed 1,000,000, and Eternal River Tiers required a frightening 100,000,000.

Why was there such a large gap?

The reason was very simple: cultivators at different cultivation levels obtained merit points at completely different difficulty levels.

For example, killing a Netherworld being in the low extreme of the Mountain River Tier would only earn one point, and the medium extreme was worth five points, the high extreme was 10 points, and the consummate level was 20. Theoretically, a Mountain River Tier needed only kill five Netherworld beings at the consummate level of the Mountain River Tier, and he could retire successfully.

And once it had reached the Sun Moon Tier, the low extreme would be able to provide 100 merit points.

Additionally, the Two Realm Battlefield naturally would not allow people to take advantage of the crisis for their personal gain. If they did not earn any merit points even after a long time, they would receive a corresponding punishment.

When Ling Han found out about this, he made a deduction inside his head.

The Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden had joined the Two Realm Battlefield so early for only one purpose: avoiding the Xie Clan. Hence, she had to have joined an official army. Otherwise, if she was a travelling warrior, the moment she encountered someone from the Xie Clan, she would not be able to avoid the fate of being taken back by force.

Then, which army would she have joined?

The Purple Moon Army!

It was very simple. Aside from the Purple Moon Army, all the other armies were mainly comprised of males.

In the cultivation world, it was natural that there would be more male cultivators, and the male to female ratio was not just slightly big. Hence, on the Two Realm Battlefield, there were very few females, and armies would naturally comprise mainly males.

Only the Purple Moon Army was a completely female army because the leader was a powerful woman.

Ling Han made some investigating. Men were not qualified to join the Purple Moon Army, as they only accepted females. Furthermore, to prevent harassment, the Purple Moon Army also strictly forbade men from entering into their camp. Any who broke this rule... would be castrated at best, and killed at worst.

Hence, Ling Han definitely would not rashly run into the Purple Moon Army and say that he was looking for his wife. Then, it would either be that the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden would really become the Ling Family’s Widow, or she would become a grass widow1.

He decided to stand guard outside the camp of the Purple Moon Army. When they moved out, he would follow suit, find the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden, and then talk to her.

However, even if he managed to talk to her, the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden could not possibly leave with him immediately.

If she left the Two Realm Battlefield without accumulating enough merit points, then that would make her a deserter. A deserter would not be treated well wherever they went.

Thus, since he would have to stay here for quite some time, Ling Han first went to Wolf Fang City, where he registered an identity for himself so he could earn merit points when he killed enemies in the future.

It was very simple. After killing a Netherworld being, he’d store the body in his Spatial Spirit Tool, and then bring it back to Wolf Fang City. There would naturally be someone there to check his battle results, and record down his merit points.

This method’s nature also caused some people to walk off the beaten track, robbing others to snatch their Spatial Spirit Tools, sometimes even killing them to silence them.

There would be scum anywhere, Ling Han thought. He came to 100 miles away from where the Purple Moon Army camped, and sat down all alone, waiting quietly for the Purple Moon Army to mobilize.

The conditions here... were very poor.

There was a shortage of Spiritual Qi, and also a sinister feeling about the place. Furthermore, the Regulations of the great dao had also become extremely weak. Ling Han had tried it out. He was just barely capable of flight.

It should be known that the ability to fly in the Immortal Realm would come with the cultivation level of the Heavenly Body Tier.

The two realms conflicted with each other, and even the Regulations of the heaven and earth were affected.

If even this place was like this, then what about further ahead?

The contact point between Netherworld and the Immortal Realm was 10,000 miles away, and the further ahead one went, the bigger the effects would naturally be.

Ling Han switched locations, yet discovered that the Regulations here had become extraordinarily strong. Even the height he could jump for was far below the normal, what more flight.

It looked like not only would the Regulations of the heaven and earth here be weakened, they would also become unbalanced. In some places, the suppression had become smaller, and in some places, it had become larger. Then, if one was unaccustomed to this kind of change, and traveled here, he would be greatly affected. If he was the slightest bit careless, he might crash into something.

And in battle, these effects were naturally even stronger.

“B-brat, what is this place?” Old ginseng came out of the Black Tower for a breath of fresh air, but once he saw this place, he paled involuntarily. “You, you, you, you, what kind of crazy place have you brought Grandpa Ginseng to?”

This place looked inauspicious at the first glance. Ahead of them, there were strange demonic clouds dancing, exuding an air of evil. Why had they come here for no reason?

“Brat, you are insane!” the old ginseng exclaimed, pointing at Ling Han.

Ling Han was not angry, and merely said calmly, “Looks like I have to call Hu Niu over, and cook a large pot of old ginseng soup.”

The old ginseng immediately paled. He was really scared of that little girl. She was definitely an authentic glutton, and would eat anything. He hurriedly smiled in an obsequious way, and said, “Brat, what kind of relationship do we have? If there are girls, we can chase them together. We are brothers, so there is no need for civilities between us.”

Ling Han only scoffed, causing the old ginseng to step to one side sheepishly. Ling Han simply summoned out the Asura Demon Emperor as well. However, that puppet had lost one arm, causing major loss of the formation patterns that were engraved within, leading to a great drop in its battle prowess.

But that was fine. Ling Han had also advanced into the Sun Moon Tier, and did not need that kind of battle prowess any more.

What he needed was the understanding the Asura Demon Emperor had regarding the Netherworld. The more he knew about the matters of the Netherworld, the higher chances of victory he would have when opposing Netherworld beings in future. Furthermore, if he wanted to break into the Celestial Realm, he would have to grasp both the powers of creating and destroying a world. Ling Han would have to enter into the Netherworld to comprehend the Regulations of heaven and earth of the Netherworld as well.

Only then did the old ginseng know what kind of place this was. Instantly, his expression turned so ugly it looked like he was about to start bawling. However, when he heard Ling Han speak of the Purple Moon Army, this perverted old ginseng’s face immediately bloomed, and he exclaimed, “Grandfather Ginseng will go and scout it!”

Just as he said so, he broke into a run, his speed overwhelmingly fast.

Needless to say, this guy must have gone to the female army to find some “information”.

The old ginseng had not advanced into the Sun Moon Tier, yet his speed was extraordinarily fast. Moreover, he could also escape through the ground. Even a Heavenly Body Tier might not be capable of capturing him.

Meanwhile, Ling Han listened to the Asura Demon Emperor speak of the information regarding the Netherworld. However, the Asura Demon Emperor was only a being at the lowest level of the Netherworld, so his knowledge was lacking. Especially regarding the level of the Demon Master, he was practically a complete blank.

“Help! Brat, come quick and save Grandfather Ginseng!” Three days later, he heard the old ginseng scream loudly, hollering for help through his divine sense. The transmission of sound was far from approaching the speed of his run. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

“Hahahaha, come quickly into Lord Rabbit’s bowl!”

Ling Han stood up to look, and saw that the old ginseng was currently in a mad run. Behind him followed a rabbit that was about half the height of a human being. One in front, and the other followed closely behind, both moving at incredibly fast speeds. If it was not for the fact that Ling Han had cultivated the Eye of Truth, he would definitely be unable to see either of them.

Rabbit!

Ling Han was incredibly surprised. It was actually that rabbit from the Lower Realm. Why had it appeared here?