Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

1267 A Mysterious Elite

Ling Han entered the room. Jin Xuan naturally followed him, keeping up a running conversation with him all the while, trying his best to strike up a shared topic of conversation.

However, in terms of cultivation level, though his cultivation level was slightly higher, his comprehension of the Regulations of heaven and earth was far from as profound as Ling Han’s. In the case of alchemy, he was an absolute layman. On the topic of aspirations, he was only filled with selfish desires, so how could they possibly have any common topics? nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

There was nothing to be done. He could only talk about some matters that men would definitely be interested in, like how he had just visited a Miss Hong at the Jade Spring Pavilion a few days ago, and how skilled she was that he was still floating on clouds on the next morning.

In Wolf Fang City, there were naturally brothels. Furthermore, the women who were “working” there were genuine Immortals, and were in the Mountain River Tier at least.

However, if they obviously had that kind of strength, why would they still resort to doing such things?

It was a fast way to earn money!

The men who were earning their livelihood here all lived dangerous lives. Hence, their hearts were all a little twisted. Underneath this great pressure, they naturally desired an outlet for their stress.

And as long as one did not die in this place, the benefits they earned were extremely great. Merit points could be used to redeem a great amount of resources, and if they managed to find a Realm Spirit Stone, they would get rich. Thus, most of the men here were generous.

Selling themselves here would, firstly, be safe, and secondly, their income would be incredible. Naturally, it attracted a great many women to willingly become prost******.

If that wasn’t the case, where would a woman who was merely in the Mountain River Tier get so many resources for cultivation?

Random thoughts streamed through Ling Han’s head. He deliberately distracted himself because Jin Xuan truly did not have much depth to him. He was actually talking about the details of his affairs with a prost******. He described his experience vividly and colorfully, spit flying in his excitement. Moreover, his voice was getting louder and louder, and even the separate room could not prevent his voice from being heard.

“Noisy!” A cold humph rang out, and a hand like white jade appeared out of nowhere, delivering a slap at Jin Xuan.

Pa, a crisp sound was heard, and Jin Xuan immediately silenced.

He covered the corner of his lips, his face filled with astonishment. He had directly been shocked silent by the sudden blow.

It should be known that no matter how unbecoming he was, he was still an elite at the consummate level of the Sun Moon Tier, but the other person had not even appeared, yet had slapped all the teeth out of his mouth. If the other person had really been intending to kill him, it would not be difficult to kill him with a single slap.

Furthermore, the person hadn’t even appeared, so who could prove that “she” was the killer?

He said ‘she’, because this palm was fair and delicate, so it should be the hand of a female. Additionally, that clear rebuke was obviously made in a female voice as well.

Ling Han was stunned too. He was completely unable to grasp where this hand had come out from. This hand was naturally not a real hand, but formed from the condensed Origin Power of some elite. Yet she could make it so that it seemed to be right in front of them, even when they were in separate rooms, to slap out all the teeth in the mouth of an elite at the consummate level of the Sun Moon Tier. This strength was too frightening.

She had to be in the Heavenly Body Tier at least!

Ling Han secretly compared this person with Empress Luan Xing, yet could not make a fair judgement of their abilities at all. That was because they were both much, much stronger than him. Two great oceans were in front of his eyes, and both seemed boundless. How would he know which one was bigger?

Additionally, this person had a very sharp control of her power. When her palm had swept past, her Origin Power had dispersed at just that moment, without leaving behind the slightest wave. Hence, if she wanted to kill someone, it would also be a piece of cake, and could not possibly be traced back to her, either.

If she was in the Heavenly Body Tier, then she would probably have to be at least in the medium extreme to have that kind of completely suppressing power. But taking into account that this was the Gold Origin Auction House, to still dare to move without any fear in the territory of another, her status was possibly even higher.

Jin Xuan had been struck silly. He had suffered such a great loss, yet actually did not seek out Jin Ming to complain. He just simply flopped in his seat as if he had lost his senses.

Ling Han was also pleased with the peace and quiet, and closed his eyes for a short nap.

He was thinking, ‘Is there any way to make Xie Donglai stay here forever?’

Not long after, the auction began.

Since it was an auction, it was naturally impossible that there would only be one item up for bidding. That big Realm Spirit Stone was merely the climax item, and would be put up for auction at the end. Aside from it, there were also a great many valuable items up for sale, like various alchemical pills, Godly metal, God Tools, and even cultivation techniques and martial arts techniques.

The price was also exorbitant. There were a few items that garnered Ling Han’s interest, but when he thought that any kind of boost was incomparable to the Divine Demon Sword, he forced down the urge. His priority now was to improve his Divine Demon Sword up to Level Six.

He was also close to breaking through to the medium extreme. If his God Tool was of the same level as himself, he could use it more smoothly.

The alchemical pills he supplied were also auctioned off, and they were quite desirable as well. That was because the quality of his alchemical pills were really too great. The same alchemical pill could actually bring about an additional 20%, 30%, or even 50% of its effects, so it was naturally popular with a great many people.

Ling Han counted it—merely the sale of these alchemical pills allowed him to earn a considerably generous profit. However, compared with the Realm Spirit Stone later, the gap was still much, much too large.

When about half the auction had commenced, that smaller Realm Spirit Stone was first brought out for bidding.

After a fierce session of bidding, this Realm Spirit Stone was sold for the high price of 4,000,000 True Origin Stones. This was extremely astonishing. Ordinarily, a Realm Spirit Stone of this size could only be sold for around 3,000,000.

However, it should be noted that something like the Realm Spirit Stone had always had no lack of buyers, but no one was willing to sell. Thus, the moment it appeared, a fierce competition would begin, so it was not be surprising for a high price to appear.

After a warm-up, everyone could guess that the final Realm Spirit Stone would definitely be sold for an astonishingly high price as well.

It was said that it was about the size of a human hand, and was at least 10 times bigger than this one.

10 times bigger did not simply mean that it would be 10 times more expensive. It had already been mentioned that the larger the Realm Spirit Stone, the more complete the Regulations of heaven and earth inside, and the price would at least increase by another 10 times.

300 to 400 million.

This price flashed past in everyone’s minds. Quite a number of people inhaled sharply. This price was really way too high.

Ling Han was filled with anticipation, though. To improve the grade of the Divine Demon Sword, he needed a huge volume of Godly metal, and the purchase of the Godly metal would require a great number of True Origin Stones. He wanted nothing more but for this Realm Spirit Stone to be sold for two or three billion.

Time slowly passed, and the auction was close to ending. Finally, that “large” Realm Spirit Stone was brought out.

“10,000,000!”

“20,000,000!”

Once this treasure appeared, it immediately incited a fierce bidding session. There was no need for the auctioneer to egg anyone on, and the price was already shooting up madly. Of course, this was also because the current price was too low, and was still far from reaching the bottom line in everyone’s minds.

The price shot up, and when it reached 200,000,000, more than half of the masses stopped placing bids. However, as long as there were two people who would not give up, the price naturally could still continue to increase.

Ling Han was extremely pleased. His forecast price was 100,000,000, and now every little bit more would cause him to be overjoyed.

However, when this price was reached, there were less and less bidders, and the gap from the previous bid to every subsequent bid would become smaller and smaller. Hence, after a very long time, it finally broke through the large threshold of 300,000,000.

This was more or less the final price for this Realm Spirit Stone.

“310,000,000!” A few rooms away, the proud voice of Xie Donglai rang out.