Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

1270 Faceless

Two months passed in a flash.

Ling Han finished the stabilization of his cultivation level, and comprehended Dao beneath the Reincarnation Tree. This was of too much help. He could break through to the medium extreme, but did not begin immediately. Instead, he headed to the auction house first.

Jin Ming had bought a great amount of Godly metal for him, and after buying all of it, Ling Han turned from being massively rich to slightly rich. His wealth of close to 400,000,000 True Origin Stones had been spent to the point where only about 300,000 remained.

However, the amount of Level 5 Godly metal that he purchased was just about enough for the Divine Demon Sword to advance.

He let the Divine Demon Sword continuously swallow Godly metal, and after half a day, there was only less than 10 pounds of Level 5 Godly metal left, and the Divine Demon Sword had also reached a state of satiation. It merely needed to “eat” one more small piece of Godly metal, and it would be able to complete a qualitative change from Level 5 to Level 6.

Ling Han did not rush to take this step. Instead, he himself began to break through to the medium extreme.

He wanted to let the Divine Demon Sword complete the qualitative change when he was undergoing the heavenly tribulation so that they could experience the tribulation together, which would in turn allow the Divine Demon Sword’s might to become stronger.

Comprehending Dao underneath the Reincarnation Tree, time passed quickly.

After a month, Ling Han had already comprehended Dao for 30 years. With a flash, he exited the Black Tower. Hong, long, long. Immediately, dense dark clouds appeared in the skies, forming dense thunderclouds.

The strange thing was there were not just blazing white lightning bolts among the thunderclouds this time; there was actually black lightning too!

This was the Two Realm Battlefield, so it was both the Immortal Realm and the Netherworld. Hence, this heavenly tribulation... also contained the unique traits of both Realms.

Ling Han had long since left Wolf Fang City. In any case, he was accumulating comprehension in the Black Tower, so there was no need for him to worry that he would be disturbed. Furthermore, after he had gathered enough comprehension, he could exit and directly experience the tribulation. There was no need for him to worry that he would bring disaster to others.

As the thunderclouds rolled, terrifying lightning blazed, forming thunderbolts even wider than mountains. They suddenly descended down onto him.

Kuang!

The heaven and earth shook. The path of cultivation was snatching the fortune of the heavens, and was not tolerated by the heaven and earth. Hence, a tribulation had to descend to allow this energy to return to the heaven and earth.

Ling Han did not mind at all. His physique was much stronger than his cultivation level, so he would be fine no matter how much the heavenly tribulation attacked him. But for the sake of tempering his physique, he still took the initiative to shatter his Godly bones. Beneath the tribulation, he would be able to advance to a higher level.

The Divine Demon Sword also swallowed the last piece of Godly metal, and completed the qualitative boost, similarly being tempered underneath the heavenly tribulation.

There were bits of scrap metal expelled from the sword’s blade, and it was becoming even brighter, like a pool of water in fall, exuding a supreme divine might.

This was a divine sword!

Meanwhile, Ling Han was experiencing the power of the heavenly tribulation. Now its might was even greater, causing him to be able to perceive even more Regulations of the heavenly tribulation, the rhythm of the great nature.

Half a day later, the tribulation dispersed.

Ling Han had not had enough; he had not comprehended enough yet!

Never mind. When he freeloaded off of others’ tribulations in future, they would all be of this grade, so there was no need to be impatient. If he couldn’t manage to comprehend it with a single time, then he’d just do it a second time, and if two times weren’t enough, he would go for three. There would be a time when he could comprehend it fully.

His Divine Demon Sword trembled slightly, twining around Ling Han’s body, and shooting out a frightening cold light.

Ling Han by himself possessed extremely strong defenses and recovery abilities, and the Divine Demon Sword had reached the pinnacle in terms of attack.

If someone used the Divine Demon Sword to attack him, then would his defenses win out, or would the Divine Demon Sword prove to be sharper? Ling Han suddenly thought, and then immediately felt that he was purely seeking out his own torture. What was there to think about?

“Good sword!” A compliment rang out from afar. He saw that it came from a white-robed person, whose face was covered with a white cloth. Even his hair had been wrapped inside. He did not show his eyes, nose, or mouth at all, appearing extremely bizarre.

Moreover, his white robes were extremely spacious, so there was no way to discern whether he was man or woman from the figure alone. His voice even was extremely gender-neutral, so he could be a slightly feminine man, or could also be described as a more heroic woman.

He stood on one leg, and there was a qin[1] laid on his bent thigh. HIs right hand lightly strummed, and a tinkling melody immediately sounded, like a stream flowing over pebbles, very pleasant to hear.

This person was very strong! Ling Han thought. He could not discern the exact cultivation level of this person, but had an instinctive feeling that this person was very, very strong.

It was getting closer and closer to the Two Realm Prodigy Gathering, and prodigies from all areas were popping up like bamboo shoots after a shower.

Ling Han smiled slightly, and said, “It is indeed a good sword!”

“Can you bear to part with it?” the white-robed person asked.

“Apologies, this is not for sale.” Ling Han shook his head.

The white-robed person flicked his fingers. Weng, weng, weng, the sound of the qin rang out. He paused, and said, “Then let us have a bet. If I win, you shall sell this sword to me!”

Ling Han laughed loudly, and said, “I’m not interested!” nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

“Then how about a spar?” the white-robed person continued. He did not seem like he was about to give up any time soon.

Ling Han’s fighting spirit soared as well. He put away the Divine Demon Sword, and said, “All right!”

The white-robed person couldn’t help but become anxious, and asked, “Why did you put away the sword?”

“When the time comes that I should use it, I naturally will!” Ling Han said, smiling. “Sir, how should I address you?”

The white-robed person hesitated for a moment, and then replied, “Faceless.”

Faceless?

Just covering his face and he called himself Faceless; then shouldn’t Ling Han call himself Bodiless?

“I am Ling Han.” Ling Han clenched his fist. His physical defenses were invincible among his peers. Thus, he was very fond of using his bare hands. The feeling of directly using his fists to pummel his opponent was very pleasant.

“Watch out!” Faceless strummed his qin strings. Weng, a sound wave actually took form, and became a sharp blade that slashed out towards Ling Han.

Ling Han couldn’t help but look shocked. This attack was extremely fierce. It actually caused him to feel a pressure from not being able to block it. This was not the other’s aura, but rather that this attack was indeed that frightening.

The other was in the consummate level of the Sun Moon Tier!

No, no, no. Ling Han hurriedly used the Star Plucking Step. Even consummate level was not as powerful as this; it was not that he had never battled this kind of opponent.

Pinnacle level!

That was right, the other should have cultivated to the pinnacle level of the Sun Moon Tier, and that was the only possible way he could have such frightening abilities.

It should be known that even though Ling Han had advanced into the medium extreme, his true battle prowess was in the late stage of the high extreme. He had not even touched the boundary of the consummate level. Yet, the other had already cultivated to the pinnacle level. Whether in terms of cultivation level or battle prowess, how huge was the gap between them?

This was practically a hopeless situation.

“Oh, right. You are only in the early stage of the medium extreme.” Faceless nodded, seeming to have just realized this fact, “I will suppress my cultivation level, and battle you on equal level.”

True enough, the aura he exuded immediately declined, yet it merely fell to the middle stage of the medium extreme because he could only seal off a complete set of sun and moon, and could not seal off half of a sun and half of a moon. He could only be in the middle stage of the medium extreme or the peak stage of the low extreme.

Though Faceless was quite a fair character, he was not about to put himself at a disadvantage for the sake of being fair. Thus, in the choice of being close to Ling Han’s cultivation level, he naturally chose to be stronger than Ling Han by one sub-minor level.

There was no absolute fairness in this world, and this was already an extremely ideal result.

Weng, Faceless once again strummed the strings of the qin. Weng, another sound wave formed, slicing towards Ling Han.

This time, Ling Han did not dodge any further. Instead, he clenched his fist to greet the incoming attack.

Peng!

The blade formed from the sound wave was forcefully shattered by Ling Han. With a battle cry, Ling Han charged towards Faceless.

[1] Zither.