Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

1290 An Inconceivable Guess

Ling Han felt that he had done his best.

There were hundreds of Netherworld elites that had died in his hands, and his power was completely lost now, so it was also impossible for him to kill his enemy now.

More importantly, he was definitely being targeted by that meat-bearded elite by now, and added with the white-robed elite that he had encountered even earlier, two great elites of Heavenly Body Tier both wanted to capture him, so it was best for him not to appear for the time being.

The Purple Moon Divine Maiden had previously promised that she would take care of the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden on his behalf. This kind of elite would definitely keep her word, so Ling Han did not worry that the chaotic battles would put the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden in danger. After all, the fierce woman was also a top-grade elite. Outside of the Heavenly Body Tier, there was absolutely no one who could subdue her.

Ling Han began to recover his power. With a pile of True Origin Stones beside him, and inside the Black Tower, he could go crazy.

Weng, all the pores of his body fully opened, continuing to absorb the power within the True Origin Stone, and his dried up Dantian immediately became abundant.

Only after an hour, his Origin Power had completely replenished; his stamina recovery, meanwhile, was passive. Its rate was very fast, and had already recovered to the peak state before his Origin Power had.

He watched from inside the Black Tower, and saw that the meat-bearded elite had not walked too far. The latter stood proudly above him, his divine sense stretching out far and wide. Obviously, he was still searching for Ling Han’s whereabouts.

F***, he was like an unshakable shadow!

Ling Han then simply began to concoct alchemical pills. Being idle, he might as well do some alchemy; he shouldn’t waste any time.

A day later, he had finished concocting a cauldron’s worth of Level 4 alchemical pills, and then surveyed the situation. He could see the battle had ended, and both sides had retreated, leaving behind innumerable dead bodies. Blood had dyed the ground red.

These were all Immortal bodies and Immortal blood, and if it was not because the Regulations in this place were too strange, a Godly medicine could definitely be nurtured with them.

He exited the Black Tower, and rushed back to the army camp.

This battle brought grave damage to the Immortal Realm.

Three great armies added with the mercenaries had initially totalled up to around 700,000 people; afterwards, there was also a great amount of reinforcements, so the total number of soldiers had reached about 1,300,000. However, their overall strength was only equal to the Netherworld army’s because any one soldier from the Netherworld would be in the Sun Moon Tier at least.

And after this battle, the numbers of the Immortal Realm dropped to around 800,000 in one go. The majority of those that died in battle were in the Mountain River Tier, and there was no small number of Sun Moon Tiers, either. There were even three Heavenly Body Tiers who died. This shook the whole Cloud Apex Planet, and someone even suggested to ask for help from other planets outside the galaxy.

This suggestion was immediately rejected. Firstly, a trip across the galaxy would at least be a matter of one to two months, and that would consume too much time. Secondly, it would be easy to invite outside help, but it would be difficult to send them away. Territory was something that was prized by every force.

If they occupied a piece of land, they would be able to draw on the power of the nation, and the overall strength of the whole army would be increased greatly.

Hence, outside of desperate situations, both the great Imperial Empires were unwilling to have a third Imperial Empire step onto Cloud Apex Planet, and the situation at present was far from irresolvable, so the two great Imperial Empires were completely capable of holding down the fort.

News was brought back that the Netherworld army kept searching for something in the Two Realm Battlefield. This caused them to be even more certain that the Netherworld had not come to conquer the Cloud Apex Planet, but rather for the treasure in this place!

Another piece of news was that Xie Donglai actually didn’t die. Instead, he became a hostage, and the Xie Clan was forced to sacrifice a large number of True Origin Stones as ransom for him.

Ling Han was shocked. This guy was really too lucky, wasn’t he? He didn’t die even with that?

Just think about it. At the time, Xie Donglai had used a divine seal to escape, and then had been shot out of the sky before being captured by an elite from the Netherworld. Most probably, that Netherworld elite had also witnessed Xie Donglai using the divine seal, and thus thought that the latter must have a powerful background, which was why he thought of capturing Xie Donglai and treated him like goods to be traded.

By now, Ling Han had become one of the rare few survivors of the unit that he had been in—in the end, there were still more than 10 people who’d managed to escape the heavy siege, and every one of them cursed Xie Donglai to death. If it were not because this guy went his own way, how could they possibly have been put in a hazardous situation and almost completely wiped out?

However, the people of the Xie Clan were obviously very skilled in public relations. Immediately, a completely opposite public opinion appeared, claiming that Xie Donglai was a brave man, doing something that others could not. He was fully focused on killing the enemy, and even brought up the rear to obtain a chance of survival for others. He did not hesitate to fight to the end, himself being trapped in the enemy ranks.

They could actually describe the act of being captured and used as a hostage in such a self-righteous and bold manner. Only such a powerful force like the Xie Clan could be so shameless and unembarrassed, but now the Xie Clan had spoken out, who would dare have a different opinion?

Xie Donglai thus became a hero, and a hero naturally could not be sacrificed easily. The Xie Clan expressed their agreement to the conditions from the Netherworld, and took out a large number of True Origin Stones to pay as ransom for Xie Donglai.

However, it was one matter for the Xie Clan to portray Xie Donglai as a hero; the opinion inside the clan was a different matter. This time, he caused them to sacrifice so much, so how could the Xie Clan not punish him?

Xie Donglai was summoned back to the clan at the first instant. As for how he would be dealt with, it was not something that would be known by outsiders.

Ling Han was rueful. Xie Donglai didn’t die even with that? Could it be that this guy was born in the Year of the Cockroach or something like that?

But what he did not know was that Xie Donglai’s hatred towards him became even deeper. At first, it should have been a surefire plan, yet it was ruined by Ling Han, and his status in the Xie Clan suffered a devastating decline because of this. From now onwards, it might be that he would become nothing other than an idle member of the clan. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

The two armies were in a confrontation. Major battles would occasionally break out, and when time had passed until two months later, the Netherworld suddenly had a clear target. They began to launch attacks madly at the Purple Moon Army.

Though the three great armies joined forces in battle, it was obviously impossible that they would be completely mixed up. Thus, the Netherworld had an extremely clear target, the Purple Moon Army. To prove this fact, the three great armies even deliberately scattered wider, and the result was even more obvious.

Could it be that these bastards from the Netherworld wanted the women from the Immortal Realm, and a large number at that?

All of a sudden, there were various wild guesses flying around. There was a very popular theory, and that was that the Netherworld wanted these women to give birth to descendants that possessed the bloodline of both the Netherworld and the Immortal Realm. These people would possess the ability to adapt to the Regulations of the two Realms.

Years later, when these people fought their way back, they would be able to easily invade into the Immortal Realm, and deliver a fatal blow to the Immortal Realm.

This theory was quite frightening. At first, it seemed very logical, but upon further thinking, there were multiple holes in this theory.

Putting aside how many young men had to be prepared for this venture, when these women entered into the Netherworld, they would be slowly assimilated, which meant that the first batch of children born would have the ability to accommodate both the Regulations of the two Realms, and they would have to keep staying in the Two Realm Battlefield. Otherwise, they would definitely be assimilated by the Regulations of the Netherworld.

With just that one batch of people, how many geniuses could actually be produced? If they were not prodigies, then how much damage could they actually create if they snuck into the Immortal Realm?

Furthermore, would the Netherworld really be able to trust these newborn babies, and sacrifice all their resources to nurture them?

At least, Ling Han was definitely not going to believe it.

He suddenly thought of a possibility.

There was a small beast in the Purple Moon Army; coincidentally, that small beast came from the Netherworld.

Was it so coincidental that the Netherworld armies were targeting the Purple Moon Army? What if it was for the sake of that little beast?

Though it was inconceivable as that little beast only knew how to act cute, how could there be such a coincidence in this world? This little beast had only appeared not that long ago, yet the Netherworld armies had mobilized a grand invasion, and they were directly targeting the Purple Moon Army.

Eliminating all the impossible, no matter how inconceivable the result was, whatever left was the truth.