Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1297 Two Realm Prodigy Gathering is Near

“Brother Ling, you’re truly extraordinary!” Faceless said from the bottom of his heart. “If we battle at the same cultivation level, I truly can’t say that I’ll be able to defeat you.”

After witnessing Ling Han’s incredible physique and recovery ability, Faceless was still only saying that he couldn’t necessarily defeat Ling Han. In other words, he was confident that he himself wouldn’t be defeated. From this, it was clear that he had some astonishing trump card up his sleeves.

He had reached the pinnacle level of the Sun Moon Tier, after all, so how could he be an also-ran?

Just like how there were fewer Sun Moon Tier cultivators than Mountain River Tier cultivators, and just like how there were fewer Heavenly Body Tier cultivators than Sun Moon Tier cultivators, there were naturally fewer cultivators at the pinnacle level of the Sun Moon Tier than cultivators at the pinnacle level of the Mountain River Tier. The higher the cultivation level, the more difficult it would be to reach. This was also the case for the pinnacle level.

Ling Han laughed loudly, and said, “I’ll definitely cultivate earnestly and strive to advance to the same level as Brother Faceless as soon as possible. When that time comes, we can spar to our heart’s content!”

Faceless didn’t find Ling Han’s goal exaggerated at all. The lower one’s cultivation level, the less time it would take to advance. However, after reaching the Heavenly Body Tier, even advancing one minor level would take several million years. To say nothing of a few years, even 1,000,000 years wouldn’t seem like a long time.

Of course, prodigies like them probably wouldn’t need to take several million years to advance one minor level. Perhaps tens of thousands of years or hundreds of thousands of years would be enough. However, would Ling Han need tens of thousands of years to close the gap between their cultivation levels?

“By the looks of it, you’ll catch up to me in no time if I don’t cultivate earnestly,” Faceless said with a smile.

“Oh, that’s right. Brother Faceless, did you come here to participate in the Two Realm Prodigy Gathering?” Ling Han asked.

“I’ve heard that there’s a supreme prodigy called Yue Ying on Cloud Apex Planet. So, I’ve come here in the hopes of meeting prodigies from the Netherworld and also sparring with this Yue Ying,” Faceless replied. He paused for a moment before continuing, “However, since I’ve met Brother Ling, I’m in no hurry to search for Yue Ying anymore.”

King tiers like Faceless would travel far and wide in search of fellow king tiers to challenge. The aim of doing this was to identify the flaws in their own cultivation and temper it to perfection from this. Moreover, the only people who could place them under enough pressure to improve were naturally fellow king tiers. Other people were far too weak to be helpful.

Although Ling Han was slightly weaker, Faceless would have no chance of victory if he suppressed his cultivation while battling against him. Thus, these battles were still very helpful to him. More importantly, his discussions with Ling Han about dao had given him a huge amount of inspiration.

‘Yue Ying?’ Ling Han murmured in his mind.

Why did the king tiers of this generation have a habit of coming up with strange names? Faceless, Yue Ying[1], and whatnot... None of them seemed like legitimate names.

“Brother Faceless, I plan on returning to Wolf Fang City first. What about you?”

“I’ve got nothing to do, so I’ll probably just go with you.”

The two of them returned to Wolf Fang City, and Ling Han sold his huge stash of Realm Spirit Stones to the Gold Origin Auction House. He didn’t auction them, but instead sold them directly. As to how the auction house dealt with them, that wasn’t something for him to worry about.

Of course, this “huge stash” was only relative to what other people could obtain. In reality, it wasn’t actually all that much. However, it was still astonishing that a single person could obtain so many Realm Spirit Stones.

After purchasing a huge amount of Godly metal, Ling Han started to raise the quality of his Divine Demon Sword.

When the Netherworld had invaded, Ling Han had followed the army and killed numerous Netherworld elites. After killing them, he had naturally collected their weapons as well. Moreover, the soldiers from the Netherworld had all been Sun Moon Tier cultivators at a minimum. Thus, the weapons that he had collected were all forged from at least Level Five Godly metal. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Although Level Five Godly metal was already useless to him, he could sell these and use the money to purchase Level Six Godly metal. In any case, he had sold some alchemical pills as well, and this had earned him an astonishing amount of wealth. This had allowed him to purchase a large amount of Level Six Godly metal.

However, it was a shame that the Divine Demon Sword didn’t advance to Level Seven even after absorbing all of the Godly metal. By the looks of it, it was only two-thirds of the way to Level Seven. Ling Han couldn’t help but feel a little gloomy.

He continued to discuss dao with Faceless.

After 10 days, Faceless felt like he had learned a lot, so he decided to cultivate in seclusion for a short while. He would stabilize his pinnacle level cultivation once and for all. After the Two Realm Prodigy Gathering, he would start to strive toward the Heavenly Body Tier.

In the meantime, Ling Han decided to refine some pills. He needed money at this moment, money to purchase Level Six Godly metal. He had to raise the Divine Demon Sword to Level Seven no matter what. Raising it to Level Eight would be impossible as he only had less than one year remaining.

Back in the Black Tower, the Azure Flame Vulture chick had already grown to a huge size. When it extended its wings, its wingspan was already as wide as a human was tall. Moreover, it always perched itself on the Reincarnation Tree, where it could occasionally receive guidance from a Saint. This caused the Azure Flame Vulture to appear extraordinary.

It was only one-year-old, yet it had already advanced to the Spiritual Ocean Tier. This was extremely astonishing.

Of course, this cultivation was still too weak for the Azure Flame Vulture to be of any help to Ling Han. However, it was powerful enough to act as a messenger that traveled between the Purple Moon Army and Wolf Fang City, delivering love letters for Ling Han and the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden.

Being able to fly in the Immortal Realm was still very impressive.

Ling Han planned to put some effort into raising this Azure Flame Vulture. Perhaps it could reach the Sun Moon Tier or even Heavenly Body Tier in the future—with him, the Alchemy Emperor, present, things like bloodline and whatnot completely didn’t matter.

Alchemy became Ling Han’s bread and butter. In order to earn money, he even started to refine Berserk Blood Spirit Pill pills. He would hand these to the Gold Origin Auction House to auction.

This caused some waves in Wolf Fang City. After all, Berserk Blood Spirit Pills were the holy pill of the Sun Moon Tier. Instantly advancing one sub-minor level could save one tens of thousands of years of time.

This meant that one would gain tens of thousands of years of time to comprehend the great dao and strive toward a higher cultivation level.

Immortals had long lifespans, yet time was still incredibly precious. If one didn’t break through before their lifespan shriveled, their only fate would be death!

Who wasn’t afraid of death?

The higher the status one enjoyed, the more they wouldn’t want to die. This was even more so for Immortals, who enjoyed a transcendent status over ordinary people. In fact, they could kill countless ordinary beings with a mere snap of their fingers. Which one of them didn’t want to live as long as heaven and earth?

Thus, Berserk Blood Spirit Pills were extremely popular. However, it was a pity that refining such pills would take half a month for each cauldron, and each cauldron would only produce one pill. Moreover, the wealth of Sun Moon Tier cultivators was naturally no match for the wealth of Heavenly Body Tier and Eternal River Tier cultivators. As a result, Ling Han wouldn’t make as much money as he had from the palm-sized Realm Spirit Stone even if he sold six Berserk Blood Spirit Pills at once.

Fortunately, there was still enough time to refine more pills. Ling Han believed that he could probably earn enough money to buy all the Level Six Godly metal he needed for raising the Divine Demon Sword to Level Seven before the Two Realm Prodigy Gathering started.

Battling against the Five Sects had made him understand one thing. These forces that had inheritances of several million years all had trump cards, and were not to be underestimated. Thus, he had to focus on raising his strength.

Because of his peculiar situation right now, he didn’t need to explore any ancient sites. All he needed to do was wait for three months and then enter the cauldron of immortal flames to temper his body again. After that, he could eat a Berserk Blood Spirit Pill and watch his cultivation soar up in leaps and bounds.

Middle stage of the consummate level, late stage, peak stage!

After reaching the peak stage of the consummate level, the Two Realm Prodigy Gathering was finally about to begin.

At the same time, Ling Han also received some good news. Firstly, he had finally accumulated enough Level Six Godly metal to raise the Divine Demon Sword to Level Seven. Secondly, the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden had also completed her military service and regained her freedom.

However, she wouldn’t leave the Two Realm Battlefield. This was because the Xie Clan had never stated that they would let her off for escaping her marriage.

Xie Donglai falling out of favor was one thing. However, her escaping marriage was a slap to the Xie Clan’s face. So, how could the Xie Clan let her off?

Fortunately, the Two Realm Prodigy Gathering was also going to be held in the Two Realm Battlefield. Thus, she wouldn’t need to risk leaving this area.

After this gathering, she could still remain in the Purple Moon Army and wait until she could leave the Cloud Apex Planet together with Ling Han. In any case, this wasn’t too bad, either. No matter what, she was still a member of the Cloud Phoenix Sect. Personally witnessing Ling Han destroy them would inevitably feel strange.

Ling Han and the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden headed toward the Mountain River Forest.

[1] Yue Ying literally means Moon Shadow