Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1303 Strive

The three king tiers among king tiers had the first choice of platform, and this made it much simpler for the other king tiers to choose. They merely had to avoid the three of them.

“Brother Ling, I’m going first,” Faceless said. With a loud battle cry, he landed on a platform.

The king tiers all jumped out, their speed extremely fast.

There were more than nine king tiers here, so there would definitely be an advance collision between prodigies of king tier grade. This was something that all the other prodigies wanted to avoid. Thus, they all wanted to quickly occupy a platform, show off their battle prowess, and cause the other king tiers to fear challenging them.

On the other hand, if they were too slow, they could only pick one of the other king tiers and battle. This was being passive.

Of course, those who moved slower also had an advantage, and that was that they could pick the “pushovers”, or even cooperate with others. However, king tiers would probably disdain from doing this kind of action.

Ling Han was not impatient, and decided to watch first.

The present Nine Kings appeared.

On the Immortal Realm’s side, it was the North Emperor, Stone Emperor, Faceless, Yang Lin and the Cloud Maiden. On the Netherworld’s side, it was Chi Huangji, Tuoba Dong, Dan Ge and Ao Ziyun.

There was no rule that it was a 1v1 duel on the platform battles. They could completely gang up on one of them. Thus, after a momentary silence, dozens of Immortal Realm prodigies ascended the platform and joined forces to challenge Tuoba Dong, Dan Ge, and Ao Ziyun.

And on the side of the Immortal Realm, aside from the North Emperor and Stone Emperor, the other three people were similarly targeted by the combined attacks of a great many Netherworld elites.

Each person had three chances to fail. Thus, as long as they could work together and “kill” a king tier three times, they would be able to eliminate this king tier. There would always be a few lucky people that could take advantage.

Being boosted by luck, who knew, maybe they could also manage to cultivate to pinnacle level and advance into the category of king tier?

Then the next time they entered into the Sun Moon Valley, they could challenge the king of kings themselves.

However, what did king tier mean?

Only one invincible among his peers could be qualified to be called a king tier, what more when none of the nine on the platform had cultivated to the pinnacle level. In a situation wherein they had the advantage in cultivation level, numbers could not possibly compensate for this gap.

Faceless, Yang Lin, Tuoba Dong, and the others all showed their divine might. Peng, peng, peng. The platform looked like a fairy scattering flowers as prodigies were all sent flying off the platform one after the other.

These prodigies all looked livid.

Before meeting king tiers, they all took a leading role in their respective areas, having no equal in the same generation. There were even some elites of the older generation that had lost to them, but after they had come here, it was their turn to swallow the bitter fruit of being defeated by one of the same cultivation level.

In this place, it was very just. Everyone was in the Mountain River Tier, and if you had not cultivated to the pinnacle level, that only meant that you were too weak!

This kind of acknowledgement caused many prodigies to feel dispirited, but there were also some prodigies that rose vigorously, swearing to cultivate to the pinnacle level in the present major tier.

The higher the cultivation level, the harder it was to cultivate to pinnacle level. Thus, if they could only cultivate to pinnacle level once, even if their cultivation level was the same, cultivating to pinnacle level in the Sun Moon Tier was definitely more awesome than cultivating to pinnacle level in the Mountain River Tier, and the pinnacle level of the Heavenly Body Tier far surpassed the pinnacle level of the Sun Moon Tier.

The path ahead was still very long!

Natural talent was one factor, but talent was similarly a quality that cultivators could not lack, and what prodigies lacked was toughness, precisely. That was because their talent was high, and they had had a much too smooth path since childhood, never having suffered blows and setbacks. The moment they encountered a large loss, they could possibly fail to recover. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

After a while, on the side of the Immortal Realm, Yue Ying finally made a move to issue a challenge to Ao Ziyun from the Netherworld.

Yue Ying was just like her name—pure, beautiful, and elegant like the moon, without the slightest bit of dust marring her beauty. She wore a long moon-white skirt, and the moment she moved, she was as exquisite as a fairy, causing one’s heart to throb involuntarily, yet one would not dare to commit sacrilege. She was a moon goddess, and could only be admired from afar.

Yet Ao Ziyun did not look moved in the slightest. With a wave of his spear, he said, “I have long heard that the Blue Cloud Imperial Empire has an extraordinary, incomparable genius, but I have never battled her. Now, I have finally gotten my wish.”

Due to differing Regulations of the two Realms, when the Immortals looked on the people from the Netherworld, they all seemed to be enshrouded in an air of evil, and it was the same the other way around. Thus, Yue Ying’s beauty should have declined greatly in the eyes of beings from the Netherworld.

Moreover, Ao Ziyun was a king tier, so how could his self-discipline be weak? If one wanted to tempt him with feminine beauty, then even Yue Ying could not accomplish that—it would have to be someone as exquisite as Empress Luan Xing. That kind of enchantment did not distinguish between Immortals and Netherworld beings, and would enchant all.

Yue Ying drew her sword. The sword itself was like the bright moon, and juxtaposed against her completely white attire, it was filled with an astonishing beauty.

“Kill!” Ao Ziyun was not the slightest bit moved. The Dark Destruction Black Dragon Spear waved out, bringing with it a terrifying fiery black cloud. Instantly, the temperature rose endlessly. Perhaps, even Level 4 Godly metal would be melted very quickly at this kind of heat.

Yue Ying waved her long sword, and cold light suddenly washed out. Moonlight was gloomy and cold, and she was probably cultivating a cultivation technique that leaned towards ice element, which just happened to restrain Ao Ziyun and vice versa.

The two were embroiled in a fierce battle, and everyone else was watching with rapt attention. Even the other eight great king tiers on the platform were watching with full concentration.

Though the Stone Emperor, North Emperor, and Chi Huangji were possibly slightly superior in terms of battle prowess, their strength was limited. They did not dare to really underestimate the other king tiers. After all, their cultivation level had all been weakened to the Mountain River Tier, and while there was a gap in everyone’s battle prowess, the gap would definitely be not too big.

Ling Han was also watching with much interest. He had fought with Ao Ziyun before, and gave much recognition to this person’s abilities. However, when the latter’s dragon’s might met with his heaven’s might, it would be rendered completely useless, and the Dark Destruction Black Dragon Spear would also be restrained by the Divine Demon Sword, so ultimately, he could only leave in dejection.

Yet Yue Ying did not have these two massive advantages. She only had the might of king tier, and did not have the might of heaven and earth. Her Divine Sword was very strong, but presently, it could only slice through Level 4 Godly metal and above, but not Level 5[1].

Ao Ziyun laughed loudly, and waved the long spear while channelling his dragon’s might. A black True Dragon appeared in thin air behind him, brandishing its claws and fangs angrily.

Yue Ying was instantly affected, her battle prowess dropping greatly.

“A king tier from the Immortal Realm is just this much!” Ao Ziyun declared proudly. His spear swept out like a world-destroying black dragon, intent on burning all life into ashes.

Yue Ying, though, gave a battle cry. A stream of moonlight shot out from her mouth, and actually formed a moon above her head, sprinkling down elegant moonlight, and blocking the dragon’s might outside.

Her battle prowess instantly returned to normal. The Divine Sword shone, and endlessly clashed with Ao Ziyun’s spear.

Ling Han nodded. How could a king tier lose so easily? Which of them did not have a few trump cards up their sleeve?

Meanwhile, the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden shook her head, and said, “Forget it. I am indeed no match for those few people, and if I use schemes to obtain a place, I would not be able to rest easy.”

“What nonsense are you saying!?” Ling Han hugged her slender waist, leaned towards her ear, and whispered, “You are my wife, and if I say you are qualified, you are definitely qualified! Furthermore, we are snatching the entry slots of the Netherworld, and that would be winning honor for the Immortal Realm, so what need is there for you to feel uneasy?”

The Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden couldn’t help but feel amused by his words, and retorted, “You speak as if you have already obtained these two slots.”

Ling Han broke into a smile, and said, “Are you underestimating your man here?”

“Cheeky mouth!” The Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden was embarrassed, her beautiful eyes shifting, looking indescribably exquisite.

Ling Han felt an itch in his heart. Too bad, too bad. Presently, he had only recovered the bodily functions of a 5-6 year old child, and still did not possess the ability to “push her down”.

Pa, he slapped his thigh heavily. This was so damn exasperating.

“What are you doing?” The Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden did not know that his whole head was filled with thoughts of pushing her down, or she would definitely not ask that question. Instead, she would directly throw a slap at him.

“Mosquito,” Ling Han uttered through gritted teeth.

[1] So basically one stronger than Level 4 is okay as long as it didn’t reach Level 5... Think fractions or something.