Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1304 Thrashing a King tier

The battle of king tiers between Ao Ziyun and Yue Ying finally concluded, with Ao Ziyun winning a narrow victory.

In Ling Han’s opinion, Yue Ying had not lost to her opponent in terms of abilities, but had been restrained by Ao Ziyun in the two factors: God Tool and bloodline.

In terms of God Tool, Ao Ziyun was using the backbone of an old dragon of his clan that had died, and would connect with his bloodline itself, which could maximize its might. In terms of power of bloodline, Ao Ziyun’s Black Dragon Race bloodline should be superior to Yue Ying’s. Hence, in a situation wherein cultivation level was equal, once bloodline and God Tool were superior, this would be enough to decide the battle.

This kind of battle in which their cultivation levels were forcibly decided looked fair, but in truth was also the most unjust.

Why should I have to forcibly reduce my cultivation level to the same cultivation level as yours before commencing the battle when my cultivation level was higher than yours?

However, since the Regulations in this place decided so, a loss was a loss. There was nothing much left to say.

Yue Ying sat down in a cross-legged position to recover her Origin Power. She still had two chances to issue a challenge.

Ling Han nodded internally. It looked like the gap between prodigy and king tier was still quite big. Aside from himself and Yue Ying, the others could not possibly the positions of the Nine Kings on the platforms.

Since that was so, he would go!

Ling Han leaped up, and then landed on a platform.

The one he was facing was a Netherworld elite that had the head of a golden lion—Tuoba Dong. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Someone had issued a challenge to the Nine Kings!

The masses instantly became excited. Everyone felt that they were really unlucky this time round. In previous years, even if there were king tiers, there would not have been so many. The others would still be able to take two to three places somehow. This time, however, even at least one king tier would be forcibly eliminated.

“This guy... who is he?”

“I don’t recognize him.”

“Hehe, just anyone dares to challenge a king tier to a battle?”

Some were curious, some were disdainful, and some were expectant. If the Nine Kings were decided so quickly, it would be too boring.

Ao Ziyun, meanwhile, breathed out a sigh of relief.

If Ling Han had challenged him, he would definitely lose.

It couldn’t be helped. Previously, he had had the advantage of two sub-minor levels, yet hadn’t he still lost to Ling Han? He was suppressed by the latter in all aspects. Now that everyone’s cultivation level had been weakened to Mountain River Tier, his disadvantage would definitely be even larger.

Tuoba Dong sized up Ling Han, and his gaze turned from disdainful to serious. He could tell that Ling Han was strong.

“You will be a tough rival,” he declared solemnly. The golden beard at his neck was moving by itself, exuding the might of the king of animals.

Ling Han shook his head, and said, “Unfortunately, you cannot be a tough opponent for me.” He looked towards the North Emperor, the Stone Emperor, and Chi Huangji. Only they could be tough opponents for him.

“So arrogant!” Tuoba Dong humphed, and brandished a palm strike at Ling Han directly.

Hong, Origin Power swept out, forming a gigantic lion’s paw and sweeping out towards Ling Han.

Without using any kind of technique, he was planning to win through mere strength.

Ling Han stretched out a finger and drew a line. Pu, the lion’s paw was immediately sliced in two, and the two halves passed by on either side of him. A strong gust swept past, but did not even manage to move the slightest bit of his clothes.

Gasp!

The moment elites moved, they would know how powerful they were.

Instantly, exclamations rang out beneath the platform. Though Tuoba Dong had not used his full power, Ling Han had dispersed his attack much too easily. That was only a casual move as if his opponent was not a young king tier of the present generation, but rather an ordinary Mountain River Tier.

Faceless, meanwhile, sighed. In the past, he had suppressed his cultivation level, and with even more powerful Regulations of heaven and earth supporting him, he had still been unable to defeat Ling Han. This guy was practically impossible to see through.

The North Emperor, Stone Emperor, and Chi Huangji all looked curious. In terms of true battle prowess, they were all in the Heavenly Body Tier, and would be able to suppress Ling Han just by raising their hand, but their cultivation level had been reduced to the Mountain River Tier here, and they would be competing in terms of level of mastery of the pinnacle level. Aside from that, bloodline, martial arts techniques, and battle techniques also should not be overlooked in the slightest, as these factors would greatly influence battle prowess.

“You do have some strength. No wonder you dared to be so arrogant,” Tuoba Dong said coldly. Though his attack had not produced results, he was still very confident. The previous blow had only been done casually.

“I will defeat you in 10 moves,” Ling Han stated calmly.

In truth, he felt certain that less would be enough, but still felt that it was best to be a bit modest.

Tuoba Dong almost exploded in fury. He, a powerful king tier, was promised that he would be defeated within 10 moves in a battle between equals? He was so furious that he smiled instead, and said, “All right then. I really would like to see how you will defeat me within 10 moves!”

Ling Han smiled, and casually threw out a punch. Weng, the blue divine pattern on his hand appeared, glowing with a blinding light. Instantly, a bolt of lightning rushed forth, turning into an attack that shot out towards Tuoba Dong.

“What?!”

In an instant, everyone stood up in their shock, their faces filled with astonishment.

In this place, who had never experienced the heavenly tribulation? They were naturally clear how terrifying the lightning formed by the tribulation was! It could be said that the heavenly tribulation was definitely among the most dangerous entities in the world, and was one of the most powerful as well.

Yet the might of heavenly tribulation belonged to the heaven and earth. This was a power that Immortal could not control. Even for Lightning Element cultivators, they could only channel the power of lightning, which was completely different from divine lightning.

Yet Ling Han’s hand had actually shot out the lightning of heavenly tribulation!

This was f****** bull, they must have seen a ghost!

Others were only stunned, but Tuoba Dong could feel all the hair on his body stand on ends, his muscles involuntarily tightened up, and an indescribable fear surged up in him.

He could possibly die here.

No!

Tuoba Dong was a king tier of the current era, after all. He gave a large shout, and pu, pu, pu, all the muscles in his body swelled, forcibly bursting through his clothes. He turned into a golden lion about 30 meters tall. All the fur on his body seemed to have been forged from Godly metal, each strand like an arrow.

“Break!” His punch launched out, greeting the lightning. 99 divine patterns appeared on his fist and golden light blazed.

The maximum limit of Mountain River Tier was 99 divine patterns, and even the peak stage of pinnacle level could not possibly surpass that.

Boom!

A large boom rang out, and Tuoba Dong’s figure slid back, right until he had reached the edge of the platform. Only then did he forcibly stop.

“Wa!” He spat out a mouthful of blood, and the gaze he directed at Ling Han was filled with shock.

That lightning was not like the heavenly tribulation, but was the heavenly tribulation itself!

The destructive ability was too frightening. In terms of power, the two of them were obviously equal, but he had still been blasted back by one strike. Now, all the muscles in his body were trembling.

Just ask the world, what man would be able to shake the might of a heavenly tribulation?

Experiencing a tribulation would be done and over with once it had passed. Immortals had always been on the receiving end thereof, passively enduring. The heaven and earth would throttle you to the point that you were bleeding and battered, all black and blue, before it was satisfied and would recognize that you were qualified to move forward. Otherwise, the only other option was death.

Now, faced with a man, they would have to endure the interrogation of a divine punishment; who could bear that?

Everyone’s expression changed drastically, and the various king tiers all looked solemn. Even if Ling Han had not challenged them, but after the Nine Kings were decided, they would still have to defeat the other Eight Kings to be able to rise to the top.

Ling Han was a barrier they could not avoid.

Only the Stone Emperor, North Emperor, and Chi Huangji seemed to have fiery fighting spirit. This kind of opponent was what they desired and dreamt of encountering.

Ling Han shot out a fist. Multiple bolts of lightning transformed into angry dragons and began a furious barrage aimed at Tuoba Dong. The latter was worn out through defending, and had to use his full effort to parry the incoming attacks. He had completely no energy left to fight back.

The masses couldn’t help but inhale sharply. Tuoba Dong was already in king tier, yet in front of Ling Han, he could only be thrashed. Was this the top abilities of king tier?

Was this a battle? This was completely a one-sided thrashing!