Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1312 Fiery Hell Formation

“Take a punch from me too!” Ling Han shouted loudly. As he swung his fist, lightning bolts flashed, and were thrown out together with his fist.

Chi Huangji dared not be careless. He, too, clenched a fist, and took a step forward with his right foot, punching out at the air.

Peng!

Two different powers clashed midway, instantly creating a terrifying shock wave that swept out in all directions.

This kind of overwhelming power would even send a cultivator at the peak of the consummate level of the Mountain River Tier flying upon the slightest contact, but everyone here were king tiers that had cultivated to the pinnacle level. The shock wave merely caused their clothing to flap and flutter loudly.

“So boring!” Stone Emperor mumbled. He preferred a head-on clash when every punch landed on flesh. This kind of clash where both fighters were so far away from each other, no matter how intense it was, would still dissatisfy him.

“Haha, try this move from me!” Chi Huangji laughed loudly, and delivered a smack at his waist. Xiu, xiu, xiu. Instantly, several hundred flags flew out, and stabbed into the ground around Ling Han. Every flag was exuding a weak light, and they resonated with each other.

Suddenly, Ling Han’s vision was completely filled with fog. Chi Huangji was obviously just 30 meters away from him, but now, he could not even spot the slightest glimpse of him.

It was not only Chi Huangji. He could not see Faceless, the Stone Emperor, and the others, either.

A formation technique!

Ling Han cast an eye over his surroundings, and couldn’t help but think that this Chi Huangji really had a lot of tricks up his sleeve. First it was a spiritual attack, followed by a curse, and now a formation technique. There seemed to be nothing that he had never gotten involved in.

This was what a prodigy was. He was obviously leaving all his peers behind in the dust in terms of cultivation, yet still attained a level of achievement in other areas that others could only look up to.

Just like how none of Ling Han’s peers could compare to him in the field of alchemy.

He did not move or panic. This formation was only capable of imprisoning him at most. As for defeating him? It was far from enough.

Boom, a demonic creature walked out of the dense fog. It looked like a giant dog, but had three heads. Its three mouths were dripping with drool, and there were also black flames twined all over its body. As its paw stepped onto the ground, the ground immediately became roasted. It was filled with destructive power.

Pa, pa, pa. Footsteps rang out in quick succession, and three-headed dogs of fire appeared one after another, and surrounded Ling Han.

The auras of these fire dogs were dense, and he was actually unable to estimate their cultivation level.

“Human, if you can’t even break out of this formation, you are completely unqualified to fight me!” Chi Huangji’s voice rang out, and it was as empty as an echo. He actually could not grasp where his voice had come from.

Ling Han smiled slightly, and said, “Whether I qualify or not is not what you can decide! If I want to thrash you, I will. If I do not want to thrash you, I will kick you aside!”

Chi Huangji paused before coldly saying, “How arrogant!”

Boom, the three-headed fire dogs shot out flames at the same time, and began to attack Ling Han.

Hu, the fiery flames shot out, hiding the sky and covering the earth.

Ling Han shook his head. He wanted to use fire against him? Wasn’t that a joke? He had tempered his body in the immortal flame, though it was under the protection of the Black Tower. However, within the same cultivation level, or even one or two levels higher than him, what flames were capable of making him cower?

The flames surged over, and Ling Han did not even raise a finger. HIs body itself turned into a black hole that absorbed the flames and turned them into his own.

“Huh?”

Ling Han could not see the situation outside, but those outside could see very clearly. The area surrounded by the flags seemed to have become a world of its own. Otherwise, how could it possibly accommodate so many three-headed fire dogs when it was obviously such a small space?

After a while, the Cloud Maiden guessed, “This is the Fiery Hell Formation, right?”

“That should be right.” The North Emperor nodded. “This formation was a great and powerful formation in the ancient times, and can even burn a Saint! However, its might is obviously much weaker, so it is possibly a side formation that has been developed from the Fiery Hell Formation.”

Chi Huangji turned to look at the two of them in surprise. Just like the two of them had said, this was a side formation of the Fiery Hell Formation, and was also a shrunken version of it. He had obtained it from an ancient site. He had not foreseen that it would actually be recognized.

These king tiers from the Immortal Realm really could not be underestimated.

However, he was proud. Even if it was just a side formation, and could not possibly kill a Saint, in the outside world, it was definitely capable of trapping and killing a Heavenly Body Tier. Even if its might was restricted in this place, it was still incredibly powerful.

If Ling Han could not even pass this test, what right did he have to become his ultimate opponent?

But when he saw that Ling Han actually neither dodged nor evaded underneath the burning of the fiery flames, and the millions of flames were actually being absorbed by Ling Han, even Chi Huangji looked shocked.

This was something that not even he could do!

‘What kind of freak is he?!’

“This guy can actually absorb the might of the flames?”

“Is it that he can only absorb the power of fire... or that he can absorb power of any element?”

Everyone was astonished. The difference was too massive. If he could absorb power of any element, then added with his frightening physique, he would really not lose to any of his peers.

...Even if he was not invincible, there would at least be no one that could defeat him.

At first, they had thought that the best method to use against Ling Han was to use flames. That was because fire would overwhelm metal, and flame on the same level was definitely the best method to defeat Godly metal. But from the look of things now, this path could no longer be considered.

“This freak... What exactly can we do to tear through his defenses?”

Everyone was frowning. The simplest method was to use pure power to break through all techniques. As long as power reached a certain extent, then who cared what level of God Tool you were? I would be able to smash you into pieces with a single strike.

However, all the people here were king tiers!

What did king tier mean?

Invincible among their peers!

Now, if they were to reach a higher cultivation level, and use even stronger power to overwhelm Ling Han, then wasn’t that admitting that they were no match for Ling Han on the same level?

This was something that their pride would not allow.

They were all scrambling their brains, furiously trying to think of a strategy.

Within the formation, Ling Han was continuously absorbing the flames, right until these tall three-headed dogs of fire became smaller, and were no longer able to spit out any flames. This formation would then be resolved without him having to do anything else.

The formation patterns on those several hundred flags had all darkened. They required a certain amount of time to absorb Spiritual Qi from the heaven and earth, and only then could one set up the formation again.

Finally, Chi Huangji nodded, and said, “I have to admit, you are qualified to be my opponent.”

Ling Han took one step forward, and softly spoke, “Then are you qualified to be mine?” However, his voice seemed to have become a blade and slashed out towards Chi Huangji.

“If I am not, who else in this world does?” Chi Huangji also took a step forward, his eyes wide in anger. His gaze turned into a fist of flames, and struck out towards that blade.

Peng, fist and blade projection clashed, erasing each other.

They had all cultivated to the peak stage of the pinnacle level. Even if they all learnt different cultivation techniques, there was really not much difference in the level of their Origin Power. If one wanted to use a pure clash of Origin Power to decide the victor, they would have to clash for at least a few years.

What decided the victor between them would be Regulations, secret techniques, and bloodline!

“Ignorant!” the Stone Emperor snorted.

The North Emperor nodded as well, and said, “As far as I know, there is a person in the Seven Frost Galaxy... He’s very, very strong. I have fought him in an equal battle once when I was in the low extreme of the Sun Moon Tier, but was defeated within 100 moves.” Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Everyone was greatly astonished upon hearing these words.