Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1313 Freezing Time

Everyone had witnessed with their own eyes how strong the North Emperor was. He had battled fiercely with Chi Huangji to a crazy extent, and in the end, he had lost just because the grade of his God Tool was that little bit worse.

Merely in terms of individual battle prowess, the North Emperor was definitely not inferior to Chi Huangji.

But it was this kind of king among kings that actually admitted that he had been defeated within 100 moves by another person!

This... exactly what kind of monster was that other person? He was a little too strong, wasn’t he?

“Hoho, you all are just amazed because of your ignorance!” Stone Emperor scoffed. “You all are limiting yourself to this plane, and think that just being invincible among your peers on a single planet would entitle you to call yourself a king tier, so how could you all know just how wide this whole world is?”

The Cloud Maiden and the others all looked embarrassed at this. If these words had been spoken by anyone else, they would naturally treat it with disdain and think that the speaker was merely jealous, but it was a king tier that had spoken, who was moreover a king among kings, so his words were definitely heavy.

However, the Stone Emperor had spoken too bluntly, completely refuting them.

Meanwhile, the North Emperor smiled gently, and said, “Some people have always been traversing in between the two Realms, and simultaneously experience the Regulations of both Realms, merging them into one. Thus, in a battle between equals, they are naturally stronger!”

“What!?” Cloud Maiden, Yang Lin, and Tuoba Dong all turned ashen in shock. Even Faceless looked surprised.

Stone Emperor gave another snort, and said, “What do you think the benefit that we had gotten previously was? It contained the Regulations of the Netherworld within; otherwise, on what basis could it allow all of you to increase your battle prowess greatly when there has been no change to your cultivation level, secret techniques, and bloodline?”

The Cloud Maiden and the others once again experienced a shock. They had never thought of such a theory.

Their level was limited, and the strongest backer behind them was only in the Eternal River Tier, so in terms of understanding of cultivation, how could they compare to the Stone Emperor and North Emperor, who were both backed by Saint-level forces?

“However, whether it is going from the Netherworld to the Immortal Realm, or from the Immortal Realm to the Netherworld, it is too dangerous.” The North Emperor shook his head. Even he did not dare carelessly step into the territory of the Netherworld. The moment his identity was exposed, he would definitely be hunted down and killed by elites of the Netherworld.

The Cloud Maiden was curious, and asked, “Since comprehending the Regulations of both Realms at the same time would allow one to become stronger, then why do the two Realms not compromise and allow the other side to have a chance of comprehension?”

“With how the two Realms are opposing each other, how could they possibly allow cultivators from the other side to comprehend Regulations in their territory?” The North Emperor sighed. “Rome wasn’t built in one day. By nature, the two Realms are on opposite sides, just like fire and water. How could they possibly get along with each other then?”

The Cloud Maiden and the others did not speak further. They only had to ask themselves. If this was not the Two Realm Prodigy Gathering, and they saw a being of the Netherworld, would they really not make a move to kill him?

The answer was undoubtedly: they would.

Killing one more being from the Netherworld would mean that the Immortal Realm was that little bit safer, especially when it was a prodigy-level being from the Netherworld—the significance of killing one such person would be even greater.

Even they thought this way, what more when it was others?

The conflict between the two Realms had started from the very source, and who knew how many years their grudges had been accumulating for? How could they possibly be resolved? How could they possibly get along well with each other?

“Still, why is that when we are obviously in two opposing worlds, we could improve our abilities if we comprehend the Regulations of the Netherworld?” the Cloud Maiden asked. She was a woman, and a beauty at that. By nature, she had the advantage in social relations, so she could conveniently ask some questions.

The North Emperor and Stone Emperor looked at one another before shaking their heads. Even Saints could not answer this question.

If Ling Han had heard their discussion, he would definitely have been able to tell them that only if one simultaneously comprehended the Regulations of both Realms would he be able to open the great door that opened into the Celestial Realm and obtain a true immortal life.

Ling Han used his own body like a bow, and used his Origin Power as an arrow. Zhi, the lightning mark on his right hand glowed, boosting the power of the arrow. Pa, pa, pa, blazing white lightning danced on the arrow of Origin Power, exuding the power of heaven’s might.

Chi Huangji suddenly looked astonished. This arrow had not even been shot, and he could already feel a frightening pressure. The moment it was released, it would definitely be earth-shattering.

Xiu, Ling Han’s hand loosened, and the arrow of Origin Power shot out, as fast as a streak of light.

The Annihilating Dragon Star Arrow was already extraordinarily fast by itself, and now that it had fused with the lightning of heavenly tribulation, its speed was naturally further increased to a whole new level. His hand had just released it, and in the next instant, it had arrived at Chi Huangji’s chest.

Chi Huangji paled in shock. He knew that the moment this arrow from Ling Han was shot, it would definitely be incomparably terrifying, but he had completely not imagined that it would be so fast. In his eyes, the arrow of Origin Power blazed with incredibly blinding lightning, and was endlessly becoming larger.

“Freeze!” he shouted loudly, his face twisting. However, an ancient aura surged out of his body, which seemed incredibly mysterious.

The world... suddenly slowed down.

That arrow that had been initially as fast as a strike of lightning became as slow as an ant, yet Chi Huangji was completely unaffected. He ducked to the side, and managed dodge the arrow’s tip. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

But it was in that one instant that the world went back to normal.

Xiu, the arrow of Origin Power shot past, bringing with it blazing lightning that sank into the dense forest afar.

Chi Huangji was both furious and stunned.

He had a great secret, and that was the fact that his bloodline was incredibly powerful. He could even manipulate time and cause the time of a part of the area around him to pause, but it could only last for an instant.

But being able to influence time was undoubtedly the most fearful ability in this world. As long as he was given the chance to come close enough, he could even kill an Eternal River Tier while he himself was only in the Heavenly Body Tier.

However, this kind of ability could not be used according to his will, and could only be used once every three days. That was because it required the power of his bloodline, and the moment he had exhausted that mysterious power in his bloodline, he could only slowly recover it.

And he had actually used this kind of powerful ability so quickly!

Chi Huangji was naturally furious. He glared at Ling Han, yet was even warier. He was afraid that Ling Han would shoot another arrow at him. He could no longer use this kind of ability. With a soft shout, he charged towards Ling Han.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

He closed the distance between them, but did not reach the extent when they could engage in a completely physical fight. There were about three meters between them. This way, not only would Ling Han be unable to use his archery skill, Chi Huangji’s battle prowess would also be maximized.

Ling Han was unafraid, though. He was only curious. Why had the Annihilating Dragon Star Arrow seemingly paused in that instant before it reached Chi Huangji just now?

Though it was only a negligible instant, it was this minor pause that allowed an opening for Chi Huangji to dodge to the side.

Freezing time?

Ling Han’s heart clenched. If that was really the case, then this kind of technique was really too powerful. However, if Chi Huangji had really grasped this kind of technique, then wouldn’t he have been absolutely invincible? How could he have possibly fought such a close battle with the North Emperor and still had to win with the help of a Saint Tool in the end, then?

This kind of technique definitely could not be used forever; that was why it would only be used at the most crucial moment.

The question was, how many times could it be used?

Ling Han, though, was not all that worried. Even if his time had been frozen by Chi Huangji, with how strong his physique was, it was absolutely unrealistic if he wanted to kill him in that small instant.

He stretched open his hand, and pressed down on the other.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Two ultimate king tiers began their clash. This was the final battle, and the victor could enjoy the boost from good fortune on his own.