Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

1328 Pinnacle Level of the Sun Moon Tier

Although there was no gap or entrance to the ancient coffin, no one present was willing to leave.

This opportunity was far too great!

Not only was no one willing to leave, but more and more people were also arriving. However, the thick fog had already disappeared, and it seemed as if the illusions that showed the memories of Ding Zizhen were only shown to the few people who had arrived first.

In any case, the story of Ding Zizhen had already started to make its way around. Even though the new arrivals were suspicious of this story, they still decided to stay for a little longer upon seeing that the four Eternal River Tier elites had no plans to leave.

Anyhow, the lifespan of Immortals was extremely long, so wasting 10 or 20 years here wouldn’t be a loss.

As such, more and more people crowded around the coffin. In the beginning, there were only several hundred people. However, this quickly became a few thousand, then tens of thousands, and then hundreds of thousands. It probably wouldn’t be long before the crowd reached 1,000,000.

Eternal River Tier elites also started to arrive. Not only did the Purple Moon Divine Maiden come, but the Eternal River Tier elites of the two Imperial Empires also arrived. For example, Great General Xie had also come, along with several other elites Ling Han couldn’t name. At any rate, these were all elites who were extremely renowned on the Cloud Apex Planet.

Even the Crimson Flame Emperor and Blue Cloud Emperor—the two most powerful elites—were astonished by the events in this place. They had both reached the consummate level of the Eternal River Tier, and were currently cultivating toward the Genesis Tier. Right now, they couldn’t come to this place by themself, so they both dispatched elites from their imperial clan.

The elite from the Great Crimson Sun Imperial Empire was Gu Xu. He was the fourth generation grandson of the Crimson Flame Emperor, and he had already reached the high extreme of the Eternal River Tier. His strength was top-notch, and he was dispatched here as the representative for the Great Crimson Sun Imperial Empire.

He was both powerful and of a high status, so it was only natural that he had been chosen as their representative.

As for the Blue Cloud Imperial Empire, they had sent the ninth son of the Blue Cloud Emperor. He was also the most talented son of the Blue Cloud Emperor, and he was destined to succeed the throne in the future. He was also at the high extreme of the Eternal River Tier.

Ling Han wasn’t sure whom the Netherworld had sent, though he was certain that they had also sent incredibly powerful elites.

In fact, it was only because this place had only been discovered a short time ago that only the elites from the Cloud Apex Planet had arrived. After a few more years, many more elites would arrive from the Long Light Galaxy. After a dozen or so years, perhaps even elites from neighboring galaxies would arrive after hearing of the news.

In fact, even Saints might appear.

However, since there was no way to deal with the ancient coffin at this moment, Ling Han decided to enter the Black Tower to cultivate in seclusion. He would comprehend the secrets of the pinnacle level under the Reincarnation Tree.

After perfecting her comprehension of the Regulations of the two realms, the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden also obtained a chance to break through to the pinnacle level. Thus, she also decided to undergo comprehension under the Reincarnation Tree. There, she and Ling Han could also receive some tips from the Notionless Saint.

According to the Notionless Saint, one would have to reach the pinnacle level in at least one major tier if they wanted to advance to the Genesis Tier.

Although this seemed like a fairly low bar, it was actually incredibly difficult to reach a pinnacle level in any major tier. Moreover, reaching the pinnacle level of a major tier was only a necessary prerequisite to advancing to the Genesis Tier—it didn’t guarantee that one would break through to the Genesis Tier.

The Notionless Saint wasn’t weak, and he had reached the pinnacle level in both the Sun Moon Tier and the Heavenly Body Tier. Thus, he could provide Ling Han and the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden with a lot of inspiration. In reality, there was nothing for him to do right now anyway, so he might as well give them some tips to pass time.

Time slowly crept by. In the blink of an eye, two months had already passed.

In the meantime, Ling Han hadn’t wasted the chance to temper his body in the immortal flames. Although he couldn’t ingest Berserk Blood Spirit Pills anymore, he still needed to practice the secret technique, Rising From The Ashes. This made him feel mounting pressure. He definitely had to break through to the pinnacle level as soon as possible. Otherwise, he would be wasting valuable time.

Once he broke through, he would be able to soar to the peak stage of the pinnacle level within one year. At that time, the door to the Heavenly Body Tier would finally open to him. Once he advanced to the Heavenly Body Tier, he would then be able to unlock the fifth level of the Black Tower and complete the five elements. By achieving this, he would be able to cultivate the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll to a more perfect level.

However, neither Ling Han nor the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden saw any hope of breaking through. Even with the guidance of a Saint, they were still unable to smash through the barrier to the pinnacle level after “60 years” of cultivation.

They weren’t worried about this, however, as they had the help of the Reincarnation Tree. This meant that they had 400 times the cultivation time of other cultivators. This was an astounding advantage.

Another three months passed, and Ling Han finally seized a shred of enlightenment. This enlightenment allowed him to instantly break through!

He exited the Black Tower. Dark clouds instantly formed above him, and even this place was unable to obstruct the tribulation of heaven and earth.

Ling Han actively shattered his Godly bones as he faced heavenly tribulation. Meanwhile, the Divine Demon Sword also faced heavenly tribulation alongside him. In a strange sight, the Divine Demon Sword discharged countless shards of broken metal, significantly shrinking in size. It went from its original length of three feet long to just three inches long. However, its quality had elevated to level eight!

‘This... It couldn’t consume other Godly metal, so it refined its own body?’

Ling Han couldn’t help but sigh in emotion. As expected of divine metal. It had an innate desire to transform toward perfection. After he had broken through, it was as if the pride of this sword had also pushed it to level up, unwilling to stay at the same level.

However, the Divine Demon Sword had shrunk tenfold, so wouldn’t it become as small and thin as a needle the next time it refined itself?

‘I’ve got to work hard to find more Level Eight Godly metal. I’ve got to return the Divine Demon Sword to its original size!’

No one ran over to check out the commotion. Right now, everyone’s attention was on the ancient coffin. So what if someone was undergoing heavenly tribulation?

Half a day later, Ling Han circulated a drop of Indestructible True Fluid and reformed his Godly bones. He then entered the Black Tower and ingested a Berserk Blood Spirit Pill under the Reincarnation Tree. He would continue to cultivate and elevate his cultivation level.

Three days later, he advanced to the middle stage of the pinnacle level!

‘This feels amazing!’

The situation around the ancient coffin was still the same as before. More and more people arrived, yet there was still no way to open or enter the coffin. Moreover, many great elites had teamed up to investigate the ancient coffin, discovering that the symbols on the ancient coffin were extremely valuable. In fact, these symbols even weakened the bottlenecks that had held them back for many years.

After discovering this, the cultivators at this place naturally wouldn’t leave anymore. This place became a holy land that attracted more and more cultivators.

The ancient coffin was one of the attractions of this place. The other attraction was the dirt that contained golden sand. It was incredibly valuable, and even Saints could receive inspiration from this golden sand. In fact, this golden sand could help Saints advance to a higher level.

Thus, this place became bustling with activity, with some people comprehending dao and some people refining dirt.

Ling Han even saw Xie Donglai among the crowds. ‘He caused such a huge disaster, yet he was actually released?’

The reason for this was simple. This place had an ancient coffin with profound symbols, as well as golden sand that could attract even Genesis Tier Saints. So, as an extremely important descendant of the Xie Clan, how could Xie Donglai forego this opportunity?

Perhaps he might receive sudden enlightenment in this place and advance to the Heavenly Body Tier?

At that time, he would become a pillar of the Xie Clan.

Ling Han wanted to kill him, yet Xie Donglai comprehended dao beside the ancient coffin all day long. Moreover, he was also accompanied by Great General Xie, an Eternal River Tier elite, so how could Ling Han have the opportunity to kill him? ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

‘I refuse to believe that you’ll stay beside the coffin forever!’

Ling Han was becoming a little impatient. Everything would be fine if Xie Donglai only broke through to the pinnacle level. After all, he had already advanced to the middle stage of the low extreme of the pinnacle level. With his current battle prowess, he would be able to suppress Xie Donglai with a wave of his hand. However, what if Xie Donglai broke through to the Heavenly Body Tier?

In any case, Xie Donglai was also a prodigy. Thus, he would still possess a battle prowess of at least three stars if he advanced to the Heavenly Body Tier. That being the case, there was no guarantee that Ling Han could suppress him, even if he were at the peak stage of the pinnacle level.

‘With Xie Donglai’s talent, it’s more likely that he’ll advance to the Heavenly Body Tier if he really does break through,’ Ling Han speculated. ‘I must advance to the peak stage of the pinnacle level. If Xie Donglai breaks through, he’ll definitely have to face heavenly tribulation. I’ll seize that opportunity to kill him!’