Chapter 1335 Rapid Change of Events

Xie Qian’s hair was down, his face covered with black blood. He looked like a vengeful ghost.

One after another, heavenly bodies exploded, forming a frightening shock wave, and what was more astonishing was the fact that Xie Qian’s spirit was also burning. Those in the range of several thousand miles from him could all see this clearly.

“Bai Chong, you actually dare to sneak attack an elite of our Immortal Realm!” Dressed in bright yellow robes, Gu Xu stepped out, exuding a powerful, forceful aura.

He was a leading character of the Great Crimson Sun Imperial Empire, as well as the great grandson of the Crimson Flame Emperor. He was thought of as the most likely person to inherit the imperial throne, and indeed had the majestic presence of an emperor. Even if one’s cultivation level was equal to his, there were extremely few people that could match him in terms of forcefulness.

Previously, the Netherworld elite that had been attacked by Xie Qian’s divine sense, who was also that Bai Chong Gu Xu was speaking of, couldn’t help but look furious.

What had this to do with him!?

He was the one who had had a sneak attack launched on him, all right? Just look, he hadn’t even fought back, and had already seen Xie Qian’s whole face was covered with filthy blood. He looked like he didn’t want to live, and couldn’t continue to live, but was this even the slightest bit related to him? If he truly had had such power, would he have had to tolerate and be patient previously? He would have merely directly cast a glare and thrown over a punishment.

If the person that had spoken up to reprimand him was a minor character, he would naturally not be angered. Instead, he would directly stretch out a hand and press it down on the speaker. However, this person was presently Gu Xu. Whether it was status or abilities, the latter was superior to him. This caused him to feel both angered and aggrieved.

F***, what basis did he have for wronging him?

“Gu Xu, have your eyes gone blind?” An elite from the Netherworld’s side also walked out. He was dressed in a green suit of robes, and looked to be no different from any ordinary person, but his eyes were astonishingly like two rubies, which made him look very bizarre.

Gu Xu couldn’t help but look solemn. Regarding the passageway of the two realms in the Cloud Apex Planet, the other end was the Long Wind Planet of the Netherworld, and this man was the imperial uncle of the Green Gauze Imperial Empire of the Long Wind Planet, Fu Dongliu. He was a considerably powerful elite with an extremely far-reaching history.

He accused Bai Chong of launching a sneak attack because Xie Qian’s reaction had been too profound and baffling. Furthermore, it was also a blow to the morale of the whole Immortal Realm. Just look, they hadn’t even started fighting, and you were already bleeding from all your apertures, so frightened that you exploded your heavenly bodies on your own initiative.

But if he declared that it was because he had received a sneak attack from the Netherworld, the result would be different.

He looked at Fu Dongliu, his gaze sinister. In the first place, it was impossible for the two realms of the Immortal Realm and the Netherworld to have peaceful relations, and this had been decided based on the shape of their lives. It was also decided by the Regulations of the two Realms. The only reason why the two sides had not started fighting was because the ancient coffin implicated too much, so both sides were tolerating the other.

Now, Xie Qian suddenly went crazy, and this had become the last straw, instantly causing the atmosphere to become incredibly tense.

Visit our comic site ReadReadRead.live

“Ah...” Xie Qian shouted loudly. He was burning his own spirit, and had shattered his own heavenly bodies. In that short instant, his battle prowess could be said to have risen to its maximum, easily breaking through the limits of the high extreme of Eternal River Tier, and reached the peak of the consummate level.

This was an explosive burst that came from burning one’s spirit, and there was no way back. Even if a Saint moved, he would not be able to reverse this process.

Which also meant that Xie Qian was definitely dying, but when he had yet to die, his battle prowess would also become incredibly frightening. He could practically turn up his nose on the whole Eternal River Tier.

He was no longer shattering his own heavenly bodies, but was rather beginning to attack the masses.

Boom!

It was earth-shattering and incredibly terrifying. Moreover, he completely did not differentiate between his companions and enemies. He attacked the Netherworld beings as well as those from the Immortal Realm.

“Damn it!”

“Damn!”

The expressions of all the elites changed drastically. Though they were all in the Eternal River Tier, there were still four differing levels of Eternal River Tier. There were very few that could advance into the consummate level. Now that Xie Qian’s battle prowess was shockingly in the consummate level, or had even reached the peak extent, it could be claimed that even if the Crimson Flame Emperor and the Blue Cloud Emperor arrived personally, they would not dare say that they could surely suppress Xie Qian.

If this kind of elite suddenly went berserk, who wouldn’t be scared witless?

Those below the consummate level had all joined forces; otherwise, they would only be killed by Xie Qian. Those in the consummate level, meanwhile, needed not be so pathetic, and could hold on with their own battle prowess.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

This was a battle on the level of the Eternal River Tier. If they had started the battle in an ordinary situation, it would have been conducted in the skies, but now it had started in the middle of a crowd. This naturally caused extremely frightening death and injury. In those few breaths’ time, at least one-third of the people had been killed by the shock waves from the battle.

This was a slaughter that differentiated between no one. Both the Immortal Realm and the Netherworld were treated the same.

There was still a considerable number that had not died, and they all used their strongest treasures. They had been given these treasures by the Eternal River Tier elites. Otherwise, even one on the level of Heavenly Body Tier would be useless. Once a shock wave swept over them, even one at the peak of the Heavenly Body Tier would be turned into dust, so what kind of defensive effect could the treasure they forged have?

“You deserve death!” Now, not only had the eyes of the elites of the Netherworld turned bloodshot, even those of the Immortal Realm were no exception. There were really too many prodigies of the younger generation in this place, but how many could possess Eternal River Tier-level or even Saint-level treasures like Chi Huangji and the Stone Emperor?

There were innumerable casualties and fatalities!

It was only a short instant, yet the whole cultivation world of the Long Light Galaxy would probably decline to a drastic extent for the next 10,000,000 years. Of course, the Netherworld was the same. The effects of this would be very far-reaching.

These elites all moved with their all, wanting to kill Xie Qian to prevent him from prolonging the slaughter.

Normally, so many elites joining forces would be sufficient to suppress any Eternal River Tier elite, but the problem was that Xie Qian had already gone insane. He was burning the fires of his soul and was extremely crazy. He completely did not care if he would be wounded or if he would die.

With this level of craziness, who else could stop him?

Xie Qian barged around violently, and the masses could only resist his attacks. Thankfully, the fires of the spirit would be exhausted eventually—at most in about one day’s time. Even if it was an elite of Eternal River Tier like this, with an incredibly strong spirit, there would still come a time when it would be completely burnt to nothing.

Amidst this kind of chaos, no one realized that the spirits of those living beings that had been killed had floated into the ancient coffin one after another.

No, it should be said that the ancient coffin was releasing a mysterious attraction, causing those spirits that should have returned to nature to become incapable of returning to the heaven and earth, being forcefully sucked into the ancient coffin instead.

There was also a change discernible to no one taking place in this mountain-like coffin, because this was a trick performed by a Severing Mundane elite. Even Saints could not possibly detect this.

Those below Eternal River Tier had all began to flee. Thankfully, there was a great number of Eternal River Tier elites helping them to forcibly restrain Xie Qian in a certain range. This gave the rest a chance to flee. However, one after another, terrifying shock waves of energy were still wreaking havoc, and if they were caught in them... the only result would be death!

It was only such king tiers like the Stone Emperor and the others, who themselves were in the Heavenly Body Tier and also possessed rare treasures, that could easily flee as far as 10,000 miles away. Finally, they left the range of Xie Qian’s attacks. As for the others, even those like the Cloud Maiden and Yue Ying were battered and exhausted. If they had not died, it was already thanks to their sheer good luck.

No matter how much of a prodigy they were, they were still so weak as to be unable to withstand a single blow in front of an Eternal River Tier elite. nÊw st𝒐ries at n𝒐/vel/b/i/n(.)co𝒎

Even so, 99% of the young people present here had all died. A great number of living souls had been sucked into the ancient coffin, stimulating the ancient coffin to begin a further change.

Ka, ka, ka. Loud sounds were heard from the ancient coffin, and the coffin lid was actually slowly opening.