Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

1338 Breaking through to Heavenly Body Tier

The Heavenly Body Tier meant to birth heavenly bodies in one’s Dantian.

In theory, suns and moons could also be considered heavenly bodies, but on the path of cultivation, this was different.

From the Sun Moon Tier to Heavenly Body Tier, it represented an evolution of the inner world, becoming more and more well-developed.

Just like how cultivators could fly after breaking off from gravity, this was a qualitative improvement, and flight that could traverse between planets, or even galaxies, was an even more colossal change.

The Heavenly Body Tier was like that. Even though he merely had to condense a single star now, the difficulty level was extraordinarily high. It was high enough to cause Ling Han to have to comprehend Dao underneath the Reincarnation Tree for more than 2000 “years”, and only then did he attain the required understanding. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

This time was not the slightest bit long.

Sun Moon Tiers could possess 4,000,000 years of lifespan, at most, but how many people in the consummate level of the Sun Moon Tier would spend their whole lives striving and die of old age, still trapped on this level?

They were uncountable!

Even for those who could cross over this barrier, they would have to spend about 1,000,000 years at least. Of course, there were also prodiges like the Stone Emperor and Chi Huangji, who could break through in 100-200 years. That definitely had to be because they had borrowed the help of some kind of treasure.

...Just like Ling Han—though he had comprehended Dao for more than 2000 years, the fact was that only six years had passed in the outside world.

Completing the cross over in six years’ time; no one would be able to believe this if he told them!

Yet Ling Han did not become complacent. He had thought of Hu Niu. How many forces were there like the Roc Palace in the Celestial Realm? Even if they could not nurture a Genesis Tier every five years, if they could even produce one every 50 or 500 years, how many young prodigies were there in the whole Celestial Realm then?

It was just like there were very few Shattering Void Tiers in the small world, but what about in the Immortal Realm? Cultivating a few years, and they could reach this kind of height, and in the Celestial Realm, perhaps a great many people would already be on this cultivation level upon birth.

Since he had come from a small world, it was definite that he would have to blaze a new trail, and begin from the lowest level.

Ling Han did not think this was a weakness. Contrarily, the fact that he walked all the way from the beginning allowed him to stabilize and strengthen his foundations to an even sturdier extent. Furthermore, any force with the slightest bit of power in the Immortal Realm would send their juniors into a small world, where they would return through opening the sky, to compensate for their natural “disadvantage”.

Random thoughts sped through Ling Han’s head, and an incredibly brilliant point of light lit up in his Dantian.

This was the model of the heavenly body.

Ling Han was filled with anticipation for the Heavenly Body Tier.

When he reached the Heavenly Body Tier, the fifth floor of the Black Tower would be opened, and the FIve Elements would be complete. He would then be able to further grasp the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll. Additionally, the Notionless Saint would also be able to restore his body and walk out of the Black Tower. That was a Saint, and though he had to start all over again, he would definitely improve his abilities at a frighteningly fast rate.

More importantly, only Heavenly Body Tiers would be able to fly in the Immortal Realm.

“Come!” Ling Han said to the heavens, his black locks dancing in the wind, exuding an intimidating aura.

Boom!

Thunderclouds suddenly gathered densely, and blazing white lightning could vaguely be seen flashing within. He could also see a sliver of blue lightning, though it was not very obvious.

The might of the lightning had been improved.

Ling Han had heard that the heavenly tribulation of a Saint was completely filled with blue lightning. Meanwhile, the reason why Heavenly Body Tiers could be considered elites in the Immortal Realm was because there was a sliver of blue lightning in the heavenly tribulation they had to endure.

It was a mere sliver, yet it caused Ling Han to feel a powerful sense of danger.

It was not that he had not experienced the heavenly tribulation of a Heavenly Body Tier. Previously, when he had fought with Xie Donglai, the latter had been going through a heavenly tribulation, and had even attempted to stimulate the power of the heavenly tribulation to target him. However, the power of Xie Donglai’s heavenly tribulation had definitely not been as powerful as this.

This was very normal. One had broken through from the consummate level, whereas the other was breaking through from the pinnacle level. Though both of them were advancing into Heavenly Body Tier, how could the difference in might be less than ten-thousand-fold?

In the tribulation clouds of Xie Donglai, there was so little blue-colored lightning that it was practically invisible, and he had still sent some “splashes” onto Ling Han, so its might was naturally even smaller.

“Come! Come!” Ling Han was filled with anticipation. The more powerful the heavenly tribulation, the stronger the might of lightning he would naturally be able to grasp. Unfortunately, he did not have enough Godly metal in his possession to improve the Divine Demon Sword, which made him feel extremely regretful.

Kuang!

As if it had sensed Ling Han’s provocation, the first flash of heavenly tribulation suddenly descended, forming a lightning bolt that was as wide as 30,000 meters.

Ling Han was unafraid. His physique had already advanced to the height of Level 9 Godly metal, and even if this Heavenly Body Tier heavenly tribulation was obviously tens of thousands times stronger, it would not pose much of a threat to him. On the contrary, he took the initiative to shatter his Godly bones to be tempered by the heavenly tribulation. This was his true trial.

In these six years, he had gone through 20-odd times of tempering his physique through immortal flame altogether, and had more or less reached Small Accomplishment level in his grasp of Rising From The Ashes.

Now, he could recover to a state of body of about 18 years old upon ending the his tempering of the physique through the immortal flame, even if there was a slight sliver of shortcoming. Moreover, he had completely regained all the “abilities” that he should have.

However, both he and the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden had been cultivating in seclusion all that while, so there had not been any time for him to seek out the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden to show how “manly” he was.

Understanding endlessly swept through Ling Han’s heart. He had already shattered into innumerable pieces of bone and bits of flesh as dense as the stars in the sky, but a mysterious power allowed him to maintain his life energy, and that was because he had cultivated the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll to a certain extent. If it had been another person who did the same, they would’ve definitely experienced a severe wound to their vitality.

At the center of these “stars”, a point of light was incredibly bright, and it was presently growing in size. At first, it was really just a point of light, but now, it was about the size of his little finger, exuding the power of a heavenly body.

This was Ling Han’s first heavenly body.

After opening these great doors, a different scene appeared in front of Ling Han’s eyes. He only had to concentrate, and he could grasp multiple orbits sweeping through the heaven and earth. Those were the Regulations of the heaven and earth. They flashed and then disappeared, so it was extremely difficult to glimpse their movement. Thus, grasping the Regulations would be a long and drawn-out process.

Ling Han grasped these orbits. The first one he had to grasp was the power of flight.

This was not difficult.

That was because the Regulations concerning flight numbered the most, and streaked through the heaven and earth most frequently.

No wonder every Heavenly Body Tier was capable of flight; that was because this was the easiest ability to grasp.

Half a day’s time passed. With a thought, a drop of Indestructible True Fluid was channeled through his body, and he immediately recovered to his prime condition.

“Rise!” he said lightly, and his feet suddenly left the ground. He stood in midair, floating.

He had cast away the restrictions of the ground!

Ling Han laughed loudly. With a thought, he rose through the skies, and travelled back and forth through the heaven and earth at an astonishingly fast speed.

This was a qualitative change from Sun Moon Tier to Heavenly Body Tier, so his speed had naturally exceeded his previous speed a great many times.

“From this moment on, I can finally be somewhat considered an elite.” Ling Han exhaled, a smile shaping his expression.

There were a lot of things he had to do, but the first one was to rebuild a body for the Notionless Saint.

Ling Han went back into the Black Tower. He immediately discovered that this precious Tool was different, but he could not put his finger on exactly what was different about it.

Small Tower appeared, and calmly said, “With all Five Elements complete, you can think of it as a true world of its own.”

Ling Han did not manage to ask the details, and so said, “I want to rebuild a body for the Notionless Saint; how should I do that?”