Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

Chapter 1380 Ancient Dao Green Lotus

The four great clans had entered here multiple times, and naturally had a very firm grasp of the details.

Going by Lin Yuqi’s words, in the history of the four great clans, the longest time one of them stayed on the second floor was five days. That was an unusual genius. He was not skilled in concocting alchemical pills, but focused on identifying medicinal ingredients, and was especially skilled in putting them together.

At the time, he had been extraordinarily lucky. It just so happened that the test was about the category he was skilled in, and he had thus attained the best result in history and managed to stay five days, establishing a historical record.

After him, no matter how prodigious or genius those who came after were, they only managed to stay for three days.

After all, this did not only require abilities, but also required exceptionally good luck.

But Ling Han... he possessed 10 days’ time!

This was enough for him to stay over nine days on the second floor, and on the last day, he could head to the next palace hall and attempt advancing onto the third floor.

Boom, this stone chamber was collapsing and crumbling. Ling Han hurriedly grabbed the jade scroll on the stone table. When the stone chamber had turned completely into nothing, he appeared in the space of the second floor.

This was no longer a hilly region, but rather a damp area.

Obviously, the Godly medicine growing here needed an environment rich in water.

“The map of this second floor is much simpler and cruder.” Ling Han drew out a new map. Because there was a limit to the time that one could stay here, and there were not many that could pass the test, the map of the second floor was obviously not complete and accurate enough.

And this was still the second floor. The map of every subsequent floor would be even simpler and cruder, and when he reached the eighth floor, there was only an outline of the terrain. There was not even any indication what level of Godly medicine was there on this floor.

Ling Han put away the map. He continued to fly towards a certain area whilst drawing out the jade scroll he had just obtained. His divine sense swept over it, and innumerable information instantly appeared in his mind.

That included 20 pill recipes, which corresponded with respective concoction techniques for Level 1 to 20 alchemical pills—nothing more and nothing less.

Ling Han already knew some of the pill recipes, but the majority was not known to him.

“Exceptional Talent Black Origin Pill!” Ling Han’s eyes lit up. This was a Level 10 alchemical pill, and could be ingested by anyone in the low extreme of Heavenly Body Tier to the medium extreme. It had the effect of greatly increasing one’s cultivation level, but was not as impressive as the Berserk Blood Spirit Pill, wherein a single pill could provide the boost of a sub-minor level.

But without a doubt, this was a method to rapidly increase one’s cultivation level in the Heavenly Body Tier.

“The main ingredients... I am still missing three of them at present!” Ling Han did not worry about how difficult the concoction technique would be. His main dilemma would always be the problem of medicinal ingredients.

“Hopefully, I can find all of them here.”

Ling Han did not put away the jade scroll. After he had obtained the pill recipes, the jade scroll had shattered. Obviously, it could only be inherited once.

He flew the whole way, heading towards a specific destination.

There was a Divine Lotus there, and going by his calculations, it just happened to be the time for the Divine Lotus to ripen at present.

Very quickly, a refreshing fragrance wafted over. The mere smell caused his spirit to be energized and the Origin Power inside his body to become lively. If he cultivated here, it would definitely be half the work, but twice the effect.

It was too bad that even a freak like Ling Han could only stay here for 10 days, so even if the effects of your cultivation increased tenfold, what about it? It was completely like a cup of water on a bruning cart of firewood, completely negligible.

Very soon, a green lotus appeared ahead of him.

Ancient Dao Green Lotus, a Level 10 Godly medicine!

This green lotus was only three feet tall, and grew in a golden pool. It bore a lotus dish that was the size of a fist, and bore 36 lotus seeds on it. It could be seen that there was also a golden carp swimming around in the pool.

The lotus fragrance wafted, and the mere smell of it would make one feel carefree and relaxed.

From top to bottom, from the seeds themselves to the leaves, this green lotus could be used in medicine; the lotus seeds and root were the most valuable, reaching the height of Level 10. In the case of the lotus leaves, they could only be used in Level 9 alchemical pills.

Ling Han was not the first person to arrive here. There were already seven people standing in the proximity of the pool. However, not one dared to easily enter into the pool, because that fish swimming around in the pool was not something that could be easily dealt with.

Even if it was now very peaceful and looked very ordinary, if anyone really went into the water, it would immediately reveal its malevolent face and kill the intruder without even blinking.

This had already been proved countless times.

The first floor had puppets, whereas the second floor had Demonic Beasts. They lived alongside the Godly medicine in a mutually beneficial relationship.

“Hoho, since you’re all so modestly declining, I will help myself!” a young man calmly stated. He took one step, and stepped onto the surface of the water. He was actually capable of standing in midair.

It had to be known that only when a cultivator had reached the Heavenly Body Tier would he be capable of flight. However, he was obviously only in the Sun Moon Tier, yet could actually stand in midair. This was not logical.

Ling Han looked at the man’s shoes—there were multiple divine patterns glowing on them. They should be a God Tool whose use was to give a person the ability of flight.

The young man strode forwards, and did not disturb the fish underneath him. Very soon, he had reached the side of the green lotus.

No one made a move. They were all waiting for that young man to harvest the Divine Lotus, and then would attempt to snatch it from him.

It would definitely be much safer to snatch it from a human being than fighting with the demonic fish below.

But their thoughts were obviously too wishful. When the young man approached the green lotus, the water splashed, and the golden carp leaped out of the water. It opened its mouth and spat out a bubble at the young man.

This bubble was completely black, and there were haloes entwined on its surface. It rapidly became larger.

If the young man wanted to pluck the green lotus, he definitely could not avoid this bubble. Thus, he had to either give up on his plans to pluck the lotus and withdraw, or make a move to receive the oncoming attack and see who would come out better off.

He chose the latter option, and did not dare to be careless in the slightest. He drew out an ancient mirror, which floated above his head. Immediately, a pillar of light shot out and struck at the water bubble.

But even though the pillar of light hit its target, it was like a clay ox entering the sea, disappearing without any sign. It did not even incite the slightest ripple on the bubble.

The young man was astonished, and was just about to withdraw and retreat. Yet it was too late, for the bubble had reached and wrapped around him.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

It could be seen that the young man was struggling in the water bubble. He was endlessly attacking, wanting to break his way out, but things turned out contrary to his wishes. He was completely incapable of breaking through the shackles of the water bubble. Very quickly, the bubble had descended back into the water. That golden carp opened its mouth once more, and the bubble was sucked and swallowed back into its mouth.

A large human had actually been swallowed alive by a carp that was not even a foot long. This scene was slightly bizarre.

“Hiss, this demonic carp has become even stronger!” The remaining six people on the banks of the pond all exclaimed in shock.

Since they dared to harvest the green lotus, they had naturally done their preparations. They knew the abilities of this demonic carp. But, the moment the demonic carp made its move, they still received a scare. The strength of its abilities had far exceeded their expectations.

“We’ve miscalculated!”

“It may be that the Ancient Dao Green Lotus has ripened, which also allowed this demonic carp to obtain massive gains, boosting its abilities greatly.”

“That’s right. The Demonic Beasts here all live alongside the Godly medicine, and when the Godly medicine ripens, the Demonic Beasts would definitely become stronger. However, I had never thought that it would reach such an extent.”

These people all shook their heads. They only felt a helplessness that came from their inability to harvest the Godly medicine, yet did not have the slightest intention to rescue their companion that had been swallowed.

Ling Han couldn’t help but shake his head. His right hand stretched out and grabbed at empty air. His Origin Power took the form of a giant hand that grabbed out at that green lotus.

Seeing how Ling Han had still not given up, the six people all smirked coldly, looking like they were planning to enjoy the show.