Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1382 Self Explosion

Lin Zihong was stunned. The Divine Sword slashed towards him, and it was actually completely unaffected!

Going by his impression, the moment the drumbeat was heard, any kind of God Tool would be forcibly shattered and turn into multiple pieces that would sweep past him, without any bit of destructive power left in them.

How could he know that the Divine Demon Sword itself was in the category of Divine Metal. If you used brute force to blast it, there was definitely a maximum limit that the Divine Demon Sword could sustain, but now, if it was in mere terms of Regulations, what would Divine Metal be afraid of?

He could see that the sword was just about to strike him; it had not even reached him physically, and that frightening coldness already scared him out of his wits. If he was really struck, that would definitely mean instant death.

What kind of sword was this? It was really too terrifying.

He hurriedly bounced backwards in retreat whilst repeatedly clapping the battle drum. He still had not given up on striking the Divine Demon Sword down or even taking it as his own.

But this was destined to be only a mere dream.

The Divine Demon Sword had already leaped into Level 10, and was equal to Lin Zihong in terms of cultivation level. And if their cultivation level was equal, if a precious tool forged from Divine Metal could not overwhelm him, why would it be called Divine Metal in the first place?

Shua, shua, shua. The sword intent was extravagant, forming a large web that was endless and boundless.

Lin Zihong tried his best to break out of the siege, but he had still been hit a few times by the sword intent. Immediately, blood gushed out of his body, and could not be stopped no matter what. This was still because it was the sword intent that had cut him. If it had been the actual Divine Sword that had directly slashed into him, the murderous aura would enter his body and cause even more damage.

“Hey!” Ling Han called out.

Suddenly, Lin Zihong’s hair stood on ends. He had only cared about dealing with the Divine Demon Sword, and had not looked where he was going in his panic. He had actually retreated within proximity of Ling Han, and this voice had precisely rang out from behind him.

However, to defeat the enemy, the chief had to be captured first!

Since this was Ling Han’s God Tool, then he would only need to subdue Ling Han. By then, how would he still be able to control the precious Tool?

With this thought, Lin Zihong immediately regained his confidence. He suddenly turned around and formed his hand into a claw that grabbed out at Ling Han.

“I’ll break your dog’s paw!” Ling Han uttered, smiling. He actually dared to get into a close-quarters battle with him; where had his courage come from?

He shot out a fist that struck at the other’s hand.

Peng!

The two of them exchanged blows. This time, it was not just a clash of Origin Power; both their hands had also crashed into each other.

Lin Zihong’s initially confident expression immediately crumbled, and an expression of great pain appeared on his face.

HIs fingers had all been broken, each of them sticking upright. His flesh had been split, and blood was pouring. The sight of his hand was horrible to see.

The nerves of the fingertips were linked with the heart, so it was naturally extremely painful.

Lin Zihong also felt a powerful shock. In terms of power, he was at an advantage, so in a situation where both of them still had to reserve some Origin Power as defense, he would definitely be better off than Ling Han. But now, the situation was that his five fingers had all been broken, and Ling Han, on the contrary, was completely unharmed.

How was that just?

Using two fingers like he would a sword, Ling Han moved to tap on Lin Zihong’s forehead.

In this crucial moment of life and death, a powerful survival instinct suddenly erupted in Lin Zihong. Without bothering about the agonizing pain of his right hand, he forcefully bounced back in retreat.

“Take care of your back,” Ling Han advised.

But how could Lin Zihong actually deign to listen to the words of his enemy? Using the back of his hand, he struck the battle drum. With them being so close, Ling Han definitely wouldn’t be able to dodge!

‘Die! Die!’

Pu!

His hand had not even touched the battle drum when he felt a coldness in his chest. He could see a section of the tip of a sword penetrate out of his own chest.

The Divine Demon Sword!

He had actually forgotten that there was such a fatal weapon present.

Just like how he had experienced too much pressure when facing the Divine Demon Sword, causing him to forget about Ling Han, now Ling Han had similarly given him a pressure that came from his possible death, causing him to temporarily forget about the Divine Demon Sword. However, this was fatal.

The Divine Sword penetrated his body, and furthermore stabbed into such a vital part like the heart. How could he be saved from that?

The murderous aura spread out inside Lin Zihong’s body. His heart was the first to shatter, and he had instantly suffered a serious wound. However, this was not the most frightening part of it, because the murderous aura was currently attacking his mind and dantian.

If his dantian was destroyed, he would lose all his cultivation. If his mind was shattered, his spirit would disperse.

Lin Zihong paled in fear. At this moment, he really felt the approach of death.

His eyes suddenly lit up, and he called out to Ling Han, “Save me!”

Ling Han was shocked. What kind of weirdo was this? He actually asked him to save him?

“I am the young clan master of the Anyuan Branch, and you are just a guest official. I command you!” Lin Zihong shouted loudly. He tried his best to suppress the expansion of the murderous aura inside his body, but this was the power of Regulation that was brought by the Divine Metal. How could its destructive ability be resisted by a mere Heavenly Body Tier?

It could be claimed that even if it was a Genesis Tier that had his vital point stabbed like this, he similarly would receive a serious injury. At most, he could forcefully subdue his injuries, but it was impossible that it would heal by itself.

Ling Han couldn’t help but become speechless. Even at this point in time, this guy was still showing off his superiority?

“I will let you have Lin Yuqi!” Lin Zihong called out sharply. Time was almost up; the murderous aura had spread up into his throat and down into his lower abdomen. It was only a step away from his mind and dantian.

“She is not yours in the first place, so how can you say you will let me have her? Furthermore, I have completely no designs on Lin Yuqi. It was only your own wishful thinking,” Ling Han stated calmly. He was naturally not about to make a move to save him.

An expression of hopelessness appeared on Lin Zihong’s face. At the same time, he was filled with deep regret. At this point in time, Ling Han should not be deceiving him!

It was all his fault for being too petty. No, ultimately, it was because he was too arrogant. Even if he was a suspected love rival, what about it? With a stretch of his hand, he could have easily erased him. In any case, everyone in this world were ants in his eyes.

This kind of mentality caused him to be without the slightest scruples, condescending and supercilious to all around him.

However, this kind of hopelessness and regret only flashed briefly before disappearing. In the next instant, he became crazy. Since he was definitely dying, he would pull Ling Han down with him!

“Explode!” he roared, taking the initiative to shatter his dantian.

Two heavenly bodies fiercely crashed into each other, creating a terrifying storm of power.

If a Heavenly Body Tier elite self-exploded, even if he was only in the medium extreme, its might could match the full-power attack of the low extreme, or even the medium extreme, of the Eternal River Tier. Suddenly, the frightening power formed a tsunami that blasted out in all directions with Lin Zihong as the center.

The strongest attack from an Eternal River Tier; what Heavenly Body Tier could block that?

Lin Zihong’s physical body shattered in the first instant. His spirit left his body, and the murderous aura from the Divine Demon Sword followed him like a shadow. However, he could still struggle away from death for a short while. He wanted to “see” Ling Han die in his hands with his own eyes.

Ling Han’s figure flashed, and he had already entered into the Black Tower. At this time, he would naturally not be forcing himself to see if his physique would really be capable of surviving the attack of an Eternal River Tier.

Then, he took a step out. Because he had moved too quickly, it was practically as if he had not left at ll.

When he “saw” that Ling Han was standing in front of him completely unharmed, and that there had not even been any damage done to his clothes, Lin Zihong’s spirit completely twisted. He released a defiant roar, but when the murderous aura of the Divine Demon Sword swept over him, his spirit also wilted instantly.

This time, his spirit and form had truly been destroyed. He had not even left behind the smallest bit of his remains. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

“This can be considered as having settled our relationship of karma,” Ling Han said calmly, though he stretched out a hand to put away the Spatial Spirit Tool that had been left behind after Lin Zihong had self-exploded.

He took a look. Tsk, as expected of the son of a clan patriarch. Not only was there over 100,000,000 True Origin Stones, there was also a considerable amount of Godly metal and medicinal ingredients, which were all extremely valuable.

Of course, the most valuable item was that battle drum.