Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1384 A Similar But Different Saint Herb

When he entered into the Xichen Palace Hall, what greeted his eyes was a Godly medicine that was 300 meters tall.

Heavenly Origin Dao Fruit!

“Why is it this Saint Herb again?” Ling Han was curious. This Saint King Herb was there on the first floor, and was also present on this second floor. It should be known that the greater the herb, the more they would supplant other types of herbs. There was practically not much difference between the effects of ingesting one and ingesting 100.

Then what was the significance of growing two Heavenly Origin Dao Fruits in this place? Was this something that the owner of this place wanted to present to others as a gift?

En, the three words of “Xichen Palace Hall” were obviously different from “Grand Sun Palace”. They were obviously not written by the same person, which also meant that there was not merely a single elite in the Medicine King’s Cave.

Did the elites here have a habit of growing Heavenly Origin Dao Fruit?

“Huh?”

Ling Han carefully observed it, and discovered that this Heavenly Origin Dao Fruit was slightly different.

“It seems to have merged with something, and is no longer a pure Heavenly Origin Dao Fruit.” Ling Han soon came to a conclusion. WIth his abilities in the field of evaluating medicinal ingredients, it was not difficult for him to make such a judgement.

Too bad. He had not carefully observed that Heavenly Origin Dao Fruit on the first floor, or he would’ve attained an even deeper understanding.

“The fruit is about to ripen.” Ling Han raised his head to check. A Heavenly Origin Dao Fruit would only bear a single fruit which contained the majestic might of heaven and earth and Regulations, which was also why it was known as a Dao Fruit.

For this kind of top-grade Saint Herb, “about to ripen” was a very vague concept. One year was very fast, and 10,000 years was also very fast; even with Ling Han’s insight, he was unable to make an accurate judgement.

After all, his current cultivation level was still a little too low, what more when there was still a supreme killing formation in the way, which further affected his judgement.

‘There is a need to go to the third floor and carefully observe,’ Ling Han thought.

He headed to the entrance that led to the third floor, and very soon appeared in a stone chamber. There was also a stone table and an hourglass.

“Identifying medicinal ingredients, begin.” The cold voice rang out once more.

What a coincidence—it was another test to identify medicinal ingredients.

The test began, and medicinal ingredients appeared one after another in front of Ling Han. However, this one was completely different from the first test, though it couldn’t be claimed that the difficulty level had increased.

Ling Han answered rapidly, and when the hourglass had finished flowing, he had once again attained a brilliant result. It could be seen that the hourglass that had initially stopped flowing above his head had considerably more silvery sand, and at the same time began to flow again.

The time could be accumulated!

Ling Han came to this conclusion. Realization also dawned on him. No wonder the hourglass above Lin Yuqi’s head was far from flowing completely, and yet she had long since arrived in this place. Obviously, she wanted to head to a specific floor to harvest herbs, and required a very long amount of time. Thus, she merely rushed her way through the second floor, and had not wasted any time at all.

Since time could be overlaid, why was it that no one managed to go to the palace hall of the eighth floor?

Ling Han didn’t understand. Lin Yuqi only said that there was not enough time, but did not explain the exact details of the situation.

Forget it. He would naturally find out once he reached the place.

Ling Han also decided not to harvest any medicinal ingredients aside from Great Herbs. He wanted to go to the ninth floor—he was a man with a powerful curiosity.

At present, the time that he could stay on the third floor was as long as 13 days!

Judging from the amount of sand in the hourglass, there was not much difference between 13 days and three days, but the rate at which the sand was flowing had slowed considerably.

Of course, his results were glorious and world-shattering, and he had also obtained a prize that included pill recipes from Level 1 to Level 20, and the pill recipe for a Level 11 pill caused his eyes to brighten.

This was the Flying Fire Pill, but it was not to be consumed. Instead, it was to be used to wound one’s enemies.

When the Flying Fire Pill was thrown out, it could create a massive explosion, which was equivalent to a full-power attack from someone in the high extreme of the Heavenly Body Tier.

At first look, this did not seem all that impressive, but what if 10 of them were thrown at the same time? The might would definitely be on a whole new level. Then what about if there were 100 or 1000 of them?

As long as he had enough wealth, he could concoct several tens of thousands, or even several million, pills and throw them out at the same time. He surmised that even Eternal River Tiers would be affected at that point.

“I could concoct this.” Ling Han broke into a grin. He checked the required medicinal ingredients, and the main ingredient was a medicinal ingredient called Explosion Fruit, which would then be engraved with Regulations of Fire Element. After activation, a massive explosion would then be caused.

“It is naturally best to have as many tricks up my sleeve as possible. In any case, whether I use them or not would be my business.”

The stone chamber crumbled, and the space of the third floor appeared in front of Ling Han’s eyes.

In this world of ice and snow, the frosty winds were bitingly cold.

It was obvious that there were Godly medicines that were suited to grow in a cold environment growing here, but the icy environment also caused great trouble for the people that entered this place. There was snow built up everywhere, and it was possible that killing intent was hidden beneath all the snow.

Demonic Beasts could pop up and kill the humans.

Ling Han came to a conclusion. The Demonic Beasts that were reared in this closed up space did not have their own consciousness. Most of them only possessed the instincts of wild beasts, and placed their survival as the main priority. In pursuit of greater strength, they would consciously hunt down and kill cultivators so that they could devour their blood essence.

It seemed like now that they were removed from the true heaven and earth, the intelligence of living creatures was also limited.

The map of the third floor was naturally even simpler and cruder, but Ling Han merely needed to know a few vague places. He soared through the air. The space here was unable to restrict him, and his capability of flight gave him a very great advantage.

Ling Han merely spent two days, and had visited all the places that he should go, giving him considerable gains.

However, there were some Great Herbs that were guarded by powerful Demonic Beasts. Ling Han fortunately led one away and successfully harvested the herb while failing to do the same for all the others. He could only sigh in regret and end his journey of harvesting medicinal ingredients on this floor. He arrived at the palace hall of the third floor.

Haoran Palace.

Ling Han raised his head to check, and surprisingly discovered that these three words had already darkened, and there was not the slightest bit of power left in them.

Yi, someone had already absorbed the power contained within ahead of him.

Had it been this time... or many years ago?

If it was the latter, it meant that this secret was not a secret that belonged solely to Ling Han, but should have rather been spread among the four great clans. Otherwise, everyone would have stayed for a very, very long time in the palace hall on the first floor.

But why did power still remain in the words in the palace hall of the first floor?

Ling Han nodded. Just like he could not attain resonance with the words left behind in the palace hall of the second floor, this was not a gain you could simply obtain just because you had discovered the secret contained within.

The person who had drawn away the power in the words in the palace hall on the third floor would probably have wanted to collect even more power, or in other words, wanted to leave this kind of gain for his own descendants, and that was why he had hidden the secret all this while.

Ling Han entered into the palace hall, and saw the third Heavenly Origin Dao Fruit.

True enough, there was a slight difference here too.

“It must have fused with a certain item, causing a change. However, I am not sure exactly what it fused with. What I am sure of, though, is that this one is definitely different from the second floor!” Ling Han observed carefully, and was extremely confident in his assessment.

It couldn’t be that the Great Herbs inside the palace halls of these nine floors were all Heavenly Origin Dao Fruit, right? Nine was the extreme number of heaven and earth. There were nine Heavenly Origin Dao Fruits, and each had changed slightly. It seemed to have a certain significance to it.

The methods of the Medicine King’s Cave were astonishing, and the herbs growing here were all Saint King Great Herbs, which naturally caused Ling Han to feel considerable wariness toward the owner of this place. This kind of elite... Even if he had died, the tricks he had left behind could also be world-shaking.

Furthermore, it was not that he had not witnessed someone who had died in a Mystery Realm come back to life.

As far back as the Asura Demon Emperor, who had previously been severed into eight parts and still managed to leap and frisk about, and there was also the Heavenly Sea Mystery Realm, where the two great elites were merely pretending to be dead.

This place... could it be also the same?DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com