Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

1385 Flower of Makara

It really was possible.

On the three palace halls that Ling Han had seen so far, the three names that were left behind were all different, which clearly meant that there had not been just a single elite here.

If the nine palace halls were all the same, it meant that there had once been as many as nine elites here.

If it was claimed that these nine people had all died suddenly, without leaving behind a heir, that was a little improbable, wasn’t it?

Then it would be really bizarre.

However, nothing had happened in these millions and millions of years. He wouldn’t be so unlucky that something would suddenly happen when it was his turn here, right?

Ling Han shrugged. He had the luck of heaven and earth giving him a boost; it definitely wouldn’t be that bad.

On the third stage, the test was about piecing together medicinal ingredients.

This naturally was also Ling Han’s strength, and in this kind of test, there were not just 810,000 basic medicinal ingredients, there were also breeds that had evolved from the former. However, Ling Han had a grasp of the basics, and even if he hadn’t seen them before, he had nothing to be afraid of. With the knowledge he had grasped, he could make a deduction, and his accuracy rate was still as high as 100%.

This time, he gained another 10 days’ time.

Ling Han put away the pill recipes, and entered into the fourth floor.

Hu, he immediately felt an extremely high temperature greet him. Multiple volcanoes appeared in front of him, spraying out fiery flames, boiling red lava flowing from them. Even the air itself was burning so hot that ripples had appeared.

Needless to say, this was a world of Fire Element Godly medicine.

‘There may be Explosion Fruit here.’

Because the information about this floor was even lesser, Ling Han could not search according to the map. Instead, he could only search inch by inch. Thankfully, he still had enough time.

Seven days later, he arrived at the foot of a mountain. There was a fiery red forest ahead of him. Flames were burning on the tree leaves, yet they did not burn to nothing. Upon a closer look, these flames were obviously coming directly from these leaves themselves.

Between the tree leaves, there were multiple bright red fruits. They were shaped like pineapples, and the sight of them caused Ling Han to grin.

Explosion Fruit!

After searching for so many days, he had finally found them.

Sha, sha, sha. An unusual sound was heard from between the tree leaves. Ling Han activated the Eye of Truth, and saw that multiple crimson snakes were actually coiled on the tree branches. They were not very long, only about one to two feet long. The majority of them were very quiet, but there were a few that were wriggling around and feeding, and their food was precisely the Explosion Fruits.

They would feed even on Explosion Fruits; what an unusual taste!

Since they were called Explosion Fruits, it was naturally because they could explode. But these crimson snakes simply swallowed them whole; why were they not afraid that their stomach would explode from ingesting these fruits?

Ling Han did not dare come to blows here. The Explosion Fruit was extremely unstable. It would explode upon sustaining the slightest bit of impact. He had not come to root out the snake lair. Thus, he thought for a moment, and drew out the battle drum.

Peng, he delivered a smack. The target he had locked on was a crimson snake. The snake’s body suddenly stiffened, and it dropped down from the tree.

It had been scared out of its wits, its divine sense shattered, so it was naturally dead.

Pa, pa, pa. He struck the drum endlessly, and the crimson snakes fell down from the trees one after another like rain.

Though the living creatures here had not developed intelligence, they still had survival instincts. The remaining crimson snakes focused on Ling Han and began to attack him.

Ling Han was not scared. Instead, he was pleased. He did not fear these snakes; rather, he was worried making a move would detonate the fruits on the trees. Since you all were willing to come down, that would be great.

Heaven’s might spread out. Pa, pa, pa, pa. Immediately, a few hundred crimson snakes directly turned over, showing their stomachs. It was really that overwhelming. As long as their abilities were slightly inferior to Ling Han, they wouldn’t even have the chance to make a move. They would be directly scared to death.

But there were still as many as 100 crimson snakes left which swept towards Ling Han. 100 snakes moved together, rubbing against the ground, creating a raspy sound. As if they possessed some kind of mysterious power, it caused Ling Han to feel distracted, his thoughts in turmoil.

They could be considered to have some level of strength.

Ling Han channelled his Origin Power, and his spirit immediately guarded his thoughts and mind. He released a battle cry, and weng, the sound wave spread out, completely suppressing the sound of the hundred snakes sweeping on the ground.

Xiu, xiu, xiu. These crimson snakes arched up and fiercely attacked Ling Han. Each of them was like a sharp arrow.

Ling Han shot out a fist. The terrifying power of his punch swept out, and seven to eight crimson snakes were immediately crushed into pulp.

This was an overwhelming level of strength. He shot out a few more punches, and the remaining crimson snakes finally dared not attack him further. Instead, they retreated like floodwaters, and did not return to the fiery forest, but rather started a massive migration.

Ling Han drew this fiery forest straight into the Black Tower without any reservations, not leaving behind even a single tree. In this way, he would be able to endlessly harvest Explosion Fruit and concoct a large amount of Flying Fire Pills. He could throw them at whoever displeased him.

After sweeping through this place, Ling Han had no further need to stay on the fourth floor. He went to the end of this floor.

“Doujian Palace.” Ling Han looked at the door plaque, and softly pronounced the words. In that short instant, he realized that he had come to a resonance with these words. The initially still words seemed to have turned into three swords that were dancing impassionedly, and soared up into the Nine Heavens.

A moment of distraction and he recollected his scattered thoughts. He shockingly discovered that the three words above his head had already darkened, and his cultivation level had advanced a step further. He was now in the late stage of the low extreme.

If he could reach the peak stage of the low extreme in this place, then after he left, he could go into seclusion and attempt to break through to the medium extreme as he was travelling through the galaxy.

Ling Han was filled with longing. There were still five palace halls. As long as he was just a slightest bit more fortunate, he would be able to reach his target.

True enough, it was also a Heavenly Origin Dao Fruit growing here, but it was also a mutation of it. It had been fused with something.

On the fourth stage, the test was about identifying blended medicinal ingredients.

Ling Han once more attained the best results, and gained another 10 days of lingering here. Going by this trend, by the time he reached the eighth floor, he would probably be able to stay here for 40 days at least!

And if he still did not manage to find the palace hall of the eighth floor in that time, Ling Han would concede to fate.

Putting away the jade scroll that contained the pill recipes, Ling Han arrived on the fifth floor.

The skies were still dark gray, with a heavy fog, and exuded an air of death.

This was a land of death. The ground was barren and silent, and there was not the slightest sign of life as far as he could see.

What kind of Godly medicine could be growing in such a barren, desolate land?

Regarding this place, there was only a single mark on the map.

“Flower of Makara!” Ling Han murmured. This was a Level 16 Godly medicine, but rather than calling it a medicine, it would be better to call it a poison.

Makara was a kind of ancient word meaning “death”, and this poisonous flower was truly deserving of this name. When the flower bloomed, its fragrance would spread for 10,000 miles, and could kill everything in its path. Even Eternal River Tiers would not be spared. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Smelling the fragrance of this flower would signify an eternal slumber.

The value of this poisonous flower lay in the fact that if one could pluck this flower before it bloomed, he would only have to use his Origin Power to stimulate it, and it would be able to bloom immediately, killing everyone aside from the person who held the poisonous bloom.

This was terrifying. Whoever plucked this poisonous flower would possess a deadly weapon that even Eternal River Tier elites would shiver at.

Furthermore, this just happened to be the time for the Makara Flower to be about to bloom. Whoever could pluck this poisonous flower, his respective clan and branch would undoubtedly gain an astonishing power of speech, which would be enough to last forever.

‘Should I go and take a look?’ Ling Han thought. In any case, he was going to roam around here, so it was on his way.

He started to travel, and four hours later, a ravine appeared in front of him. It was completely made of dark gray rock, and there was an unusual vibrant and colorful flower in the middle. Its stem was like a human that was propping up his hands, and a flower was blooming in the midst of his hands. Its petals were tightly closed. It had yet to bloom.

There were nearly 100 people standing by in the surroundings of the ravine.