Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

1398 Yield

Ling Han stood proudly, and said, “If there is anyone who wants to kill me, just come. I will be here for half a day’s time.”

He still had to wait for Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden and Ding Ping, so he temporarily would not be able to leave.

All the people of the Eternity Sky Majestic Empire felt their faces twitching. A great many felt incredibly angered. An elite from an opposing nation came into their territory and still dared to strut around boldly like this? But there were also some who admired Ling Han. The Eternity Sky Emperor had already issued the Heaven Execution Order, yet Ling Han actually dared to stills stay here. He was really courageous!

After a day had passed, the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden and Ding Ping came back one after the other. One had broken through to the Heavenly Body Tier, whereas the other had advanced into the Sun Moon Tier, which added two powerful helpers to Ling Han’s side.

“Let’s go.”

They moved to leave, and the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden and Ding Ping very soon found out that their group was being hunted down. Naturally, they were uncaring of the fact too. Putting aside the fact that they still had the military strength of two Heavenly Body Tiers on their side, if each of them threw out a handful of Flying Fire Pills, that was enough to cause great trouble for their pursuers.

They left calmly, and did not deliberately rush on their way. That was because they still had a good number that were still in the Mountain River Tier, so their speed naturally could not possibly be too fast. Thus, after only a single day, a Heavenly Body Tier elite had caught up with them.

This was an elite in the low extreme of the Heavenly Body Tier. He was the first to catch up to them, not because his speed was the fastest, but rather because he just happened to be in the vicinity. Hence, he was the first to catch up to them.

He did not dare make a move. Putting aside the fact that the opposing side had two great Heavenly Body Tier elites, one of them was in the medium extreme, much stronger than him. How could he dare to make a move?

This was the smart move. If he knew that Lei Dong, who was at the peak stage of the medium extreme of the Heavenly Body Tier, had been killed with a single strike from Ling Han, he would definitely be extremely glad that he had made this choice.

Another half a day later, more Heavenly Body Tier elites had arrived. One of them was much stronger than the rest, and was in the early stage of the high extreme. Hence, the moment he appeared, he moved. He stretched out a large hand that formed into a gigantic demonic palm that could suppress the heaven and earth with his strength.

Too bad. Ling Han had already killed an elite of the high extreme of the Heavenly Body Tier before, so how could he possibly shrink back?

Wielding his sword, he moved. The heaven’s might showed itself, and he killed this elite with his sword in a few moves. He cast an eye at where another Heavenly Body Tier elite was, and then descended from the skies. He did not move further.

That Heavenly Body Tier elite was completely ashen with fear. That was an existence of the high extreme of the Heavenly Body Tier. Though he had just advanced int this level, he was a whole minor tier superior to Ling Han.

With a gap of four stars and power of the nation, he still was no match for Ling Han?

His heart beat fiercely. Thankfully, Ling Han had not moved against him, or his death would’ve been definite.

Gritting his teeth, he turned and left. This kind of freak was absolutely no one he could match. In any case, he had already come and done his best. It was impossible that he could hunt down someone and lose his life for it in the process.

A day later, more elites appeared. This time, there was someone in the peak stage of the high extreme of the Heavenly Body Tier, and he was also a three-star genius. He battled fiercely with Ling Han.

This time, under the condition that Ling Han did not use the Tide of the Ages, he could only fight him to a tie. As time was drawn out, more Heavenly Body Tier elites arrived, and joined in the battle.

Ling Han was unafraid. His physique was invincible, and no matter how many elites of this degree came, he did not fear them.

When this number had reached as many as seven, Ling Han finally decided to use a deadly move. The moment he used Tide of the Ages, he was practically unstoppable. He could instantly age whatever attack came at him. This was too frightening. After a few moves, three of them had been killed, and the remaining four fled in panic.

When this news spread out, the Eternity Sky Majestic Empire fell silent. No others came to hunt down Ling Han.

If the elites of the consummate level of the Heavenly Body Tier did not move out, who could do anything against him?

However, the status of the elites of the consummate level of the Heavenly Body Tier was too outstanding. Event he Eternity Sky Emperor had no way to order them around. Only if he could offer them a satisfactory price would he be able to make them move. This bargaining to and fro would definitely need a lot of time.

Thus, Ling Han’s group calmly exited the borders of the Eternity Sky Majestic Empire and entered into the Chaotic Stars Majestic Empire. Now that they had arrived here, they did not have to further worry about being hunted down by the Eternity Sky Majestic Empire. If they did, wouldn’t that mean trying to start a war between their two Majestic Empires?

Another few days later, they had arrived at the Imperial Capital.

At first, Ling Han wanted to immediately see Empress Luan Xing, yet found out that the empress had started cultivating in seclusion two days ago. All the national matters had been delegated to the authority of the Left Minister and Right Minister. Not only that, the Nine Kings had also gone into seclusion with the empress.

Others might only think that this was a coincidence, but only Ling Han knew that Empress Luan Xing must have reached a turning point to break through to the pinnacle level of the Heavenly Body Tier. Now, all her nine doppelgangers had returned, and when she exited seclusion, she would be in the pinnacle level of the Heavenly Body Tier.

Yi, there was something similar about the Nine Snake Tribe’s bloodline and Mystical Power and the body of nine lives of Gu Daoyi. But Gu Daoyi’s methods were obviously grander. Using his nine lives as foundations, he grew out the Divine Womb for his 10th life. Probably even some prodigies of the Celestial Realm wouldn’t be a match for him.

“Since that is the case, let us return to the Great Ling Empire.”

Because it was their first time here for a lot of them, they decided to stop over for a few days so that the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden and the others could experience the scenery here. Additionally, Ling Han also had to make a trip to the Scarlet Heaven Academy and deliver the Highest Jade Essence Heart to Old Man Xu.

After touring a day, they entered into a restaurant. They ordered two tables’ worth of dishes, and began to eat. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Though the overall level of cultivation of the Cloud Apex Planet was higher, due to the presence of the Two Realm Battlefield, Demonic Beasts and humans were standing on the same side. They could not be killed for food. This place was different, though. In the case of Demonic Beasts, if you wanted to eat them, and had the ability to eat them, then go right ahead.

There was fine food made from the meat of Demonic Beasts in the restaurant. Everyone was feeling ravenous, so they ordered quire a number of dishes and had themselves a fine feast.

Knock, knock, knock. Not too long later, a knock sounded on the door of the private room. Subsequently, a waiter pushed open the doors and walked in, showing a troubled expression. “Could you all switch to another place?”

“Why?” Ling Han asked. He did not have the habit of using his authority to bully others, but would not remain silent either if anyone dared to attempt to kick him around.

“This...” The waiter hesitated, then finally said, “Two esteemed guests have arrived, but all the private rooms are occupied, so I wanted to ask you all to be a bit flexible... the shopkeeper has said that we can exempt the bill for one of the tables.”

Pa!

The old ginseng immediately slapped a hand on the table, and said, “You see that we are foreigners and think that we are easily pushed around, is it? Go, call your shopkeeper here, Grandpa Ginseng will burst his balls!”

Ling Han did not speak, but he did not stop the old ginseng, either. Since he did not stop him, it was equivalent to a tacit agreement and indulgence.

When the old ginseng saw this, he was naturally filled with confidence. In this galaxy, Ling Han might not be considered invincible, but there was really no need for him to fear anyone.

The waiter was very gloomy. A ginseng actually pointed a finger at his nose and scolded him. If Ling Han and the others were not here, he really would want to put this precious ginseng in the pot and make a stew out of it. But now he could only be humble, and said, “I am really sorry, everyone. How about this? The restaurant will exempt your bill completely, consider it as an apology from us.”

He had received instructions. If they could solve this matter by exempting the bill for one table, that was naturally the best. However, they could also exempt the bill for both tables when there was no other alternative. What was most important was the private room. It definitely had to be freed. Those two esteemed guests were too high in status, and could not be offended in the slightest.