Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1408 Delivering a coffin

Ling Han had returned, and the whole nation was fired up.

Because a rebellion had taken place previously, which had encountered Ling Han’s bloody suppression, and only a dozen over years had passed this time, there was naturally not much change in the Great Ling Empire. Everyone was well-behaved as his intimidation had not been forgotten yet.

Soon after, the news about the battle in the Imperial Capital spread out, and the citizens of the Great Ling Empire all felt incredibly inspired.

Their ruler... had become a great elite of the Heavenly Body Tier!

Just think, in the past, when Ling Han had come by opening the sky, he was immediately coveted by the other nations around them as they wanted to swallow the Great Ling Empire. In the end, Ling Han had no choice but to humiliatingly travel to the Chaotic Stars Majestic Empire, and used himself as a hostage to guarantee the safety of the Great Ling Empire.

This was a great humiliation to the whole nation.

However, only a mere 20 years had passed, and Ling Han had become a proud and noble great elite from the mere hostage he had been before. This caused everyone to be elated and excited.

Who was the one that said they were only lowly commoners from a small world? Who said that they were born to be a lower class?

‘We have our ruler!’

“Wang! Wang!” the Rock Spirit raced over, and spun in circles around Ling Han. Furthermore, it was not just using its two legs to run, but had all four limbs on the ground. It was not any different from a dog.

“Yi, Little Han, why do you have a stone dog too?” the old ginseng called out in curiosity.

Boom!

The Rock Spirit would only curry favor with Ling Han. How could it possibly allow the old ginseng to behave atrociously in its face? Immediately, it threw a punch over.

“Scared your Grandpa Ginseng to death.” The old ginseng hurriedly broke into a run. He was an expert at running, and fighting was not his strength.

“Who asked you to have a bad mouth.” Ling Han laughed loudly, and gave a great many unusual stones to the Rock Spirit. They were produced by the Black Tower, and were highly nutritious for the Rock Spirit.

The rock golem quickly cradled the rocks, and looked left and right repeatedly, acting very cautiously as if it was afraid others would snatch them from him, causing the others to laugh involuntarily.

The Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden, Chen Ruijing, and the others all felt very rueful. How many years has it been since they last set eyes on the Lower Realm? Yet now it had actually appeared in the Immortal Realm.

After several days of national celebration, the organization of a wedding began.

It was not the wedding for Ling Han and the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden, but rather Ding Ping and Li Ruotong’s wedding.

She had left her home, and followed Ding Ping for quite some time already. She could not just continue to stay by his side like this without a clearly defined position, right?

Hence, Ling Han made the decision for his disciple with a wave of his hand.

The present Ling Han was not the hostage he had once been, but rather a great elite of the Heavenly Body Tier. In the battle of the Imperial Capital, his name was known throughout the whole world, and when the news from the Eternity Sky Majestic Empire spread here, proclaiming Ling Han as an elite that had once killed a great elite in the high extreme of the Heavenly Body Tier, his reputation was boosted to its fullest.

Now, it was already publicly acknowledged that Ling Han’s abilities had reached the consummate level of the Heavenly Body Tier, and he could not be suppressed unless the few emperors moved out!

Ling Han’s disciple was now getting married, so who would dare not give him some face?

Especially in the few nations nearby. In the past, they had sent envoys previously to force Ling Han to submit to their rule, and now, they were naturally afraid that Ling Han would call them to an accounting. All of them delivered generous gifts. For some of them, even the ruler himself arrived personally, giving Ling Han enough face.

To be honest, the fact that they were allowed to attend the wedding was Ling Han giving them face. Otherwise, if a few mere Sun Moon Tiers wanted to join in on the excitement, that would only happen in their dreams.

This wedding had even alerted the Eternity Sky Majestic Empire, and they sent an envoy to deliver a wedding gift. But when it was opened, there was a very small coffin within.

It was naturally impossible that this was a gift to congratulate Ling Han on being promoted and gaining wealth. Instead, this was a warning!

Ling Han immediately chased off the envoy, but he did not destroy the coffin. He wanted to keep it at his side. One day, he would bury the Eternity Sky Emperor inside it.

Afterwards, a period of peace came to the Great Ling Empire.

Ling Han planned to use this little bit of time to greatly improve everyone’s abilities.

The difficulty of entering into the Star Sand Martial Arts Academy was extraordinarily high. Thus, perhaps only Ding Ping and Jiuyao had a sliver of a chance among his disciples. Chen Ruijing and the others would not need to think about it, though. His two elder brothers would probably also be unlikely to enter. It was unfortunate that there was no sign of the Rain Emperor all this while. If it was him, he definitely would be qualified to enter.

Those who wanted to enter the Star Sand Martial Arts Academy had to at least have reached the pinnacle level once!

Ling Han’s departure this time would definitely last a great many years. Thus, he had to improve the power of the Great Ling Empire as much as possible. Every day, he would be refining alchemical pills, and improving the cultivation levels of all those around him.

Kang Xiuyuan and Yun Yongwang were also helping, and with Ling Han’s careful guidance, their improvement in the path of alchemy was also very fast. They were remarkable alchemists in the first place, though.

It seemed like close to 100 years had passed, but for Immortals, 100 years was really not that long.

Ding Ping and Li Ruotong had only been married for three years, and they already had a daughter. She was very adorable, which caused the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden to feel very envious.

Ling Han took the opportunity to do some work of his own, wanting to push down the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden. Yet the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden got cold feet each and every time, which made Ling Han feel very depressed. What was up with you only lighting the fires, but have no intention of extinguishing the fires that you lit in the first place?

However, the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden was also more embarrassed with every refusal, which let Ling Han know that as long as he would put in a little bit more effort, he would eventually make this beautiful woman truly his.

As a man, he should be a bit more shameless and more unembarrassed.

He relaxed himself and did not deliberately pursue cultivation, yet the advancement rate of his cultivation level did not slow down in the slightest.

Because he had refined the Exceptional Talent Black Origin Pill, though it was not as overwhelming as the Berserk Blood Spirit Pill, and did not reach the level of Saint Pill among its peers, it was still of great help in the aspect of improving one’s cultivation level. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Even so, Ling Han judged that he still had a few hundred years to go before he could reach the middle stage of the medium extreme.

Though this was already very, very fast, Ling Han was not satisfied with this speed.

Indeed, to further improve one’s rate of advancing through the cultivation levels, he could only go and seek the true Great Herbs, ingest one of them, or eat one of the fruits, and he could attain a boost of one to two minor levels.

When he reached the Star Sand Martial Arts Academy, he would once again begin to adventure into various dangerous ancient sites. Now, he had to do his duty as a ruler.

Was it about time for him to pass on the throne to someone else?

Ling Han began to deliberate on this question. He would enter into the Celestial Realm one day, and the Celestial Realm could not be entered by opening the sky. Thus, if it was destined that he would leave, he had to seek a person whom he could entrust the Great Ling Empire to as soon as possible.

If he was a bit lazier, he could directly merge the Great Ling Empire with the Chaotic Stars Majestic Empire, but the empress would definitely enter the Chaotic Stars Majestic Empire with him, so he would still have to find an heir.

‘Qu Qiuxue is not bad.’ Ling Han thought for half a day. ‘I had best wait until my empress comes out of isolation, and then discuss it with her further.’

In the blink of an eye, 20 years had passed.

To the majority, there would not be the slightest change in these 20 years. No additional strand of gray hair would grow on their heads, but such a long period of time was enough to expedite the birth of another generation.

Ding Ping and Li Ruotong’s daughter, Ding Zhizhi, had already grown from the little infant of the past into a slender and elegant young woman, and what made Ling Han feel gratified was that even with the “bad” influence from the old ginseng, Rabbit, and even Jiang Qiaoling, Ding Zhizhi had not been led astray. She was educated and well-balanced, and incredibly gentle and refined.

A considerable number of the younger generation of the Lower Realm in the past had also become parents. Ling Han’s cousin, Yue Kaiyu, also had his own children as well. Furthermore, he had wedded three beautiful wives in a single go, and they had simultaneously birthed three healthy boys, which caused both him and Yue Zhen Shan to feel madly overjoyed.

Jiuyao had finally advanced into the Sun Moon Tier, his abilities growing increasingly frightening. Furthermore, he would only obey Ling Han alone, and the killing intent exuded from him would soar sky-high. No one else dared to come too close to him. He had no plans to get married all this time, which caused Ling Han to feel extremely worried.

And in this kind of peaceful time, a huge event suddenly happened. The two Majestic Empires of Eternity Sky and Jade Drop sent out their troops respectively, and started a grand-scale invasion of the Chaotic Stars Majestic Empire.