Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1425 50 years

the empress was determined to do nothing, so ling han had to work harder and help the left and right ministers handle the government affairs whilst regaining the territory of the chaotic stars majestic empire, and at the same time collecting the territory of the two majestic empires.

this was not something that could be done in just one or two days. it would take at least eight to 10 years.

thus, ling han also chose... to do nothing.

he was too lazy to torment himself as well.

ling han asked empress luan xing to dispel the restriction on xu ran, and the nine hells ice coffin was naturally returned to the national treasury.

xu ran’s lover had also recovered. she was a beautiful woman who looked to be in her twenties. her name was chen xiao. she was a quiet person, and gave off a very comfortable feeling to those around her. no wonder she had been able to subdue xu ran.

it had to be known that xu ran had also been a top prodigy years ago, and he had advanced into the consummate level of the heaven tier in a mere 200,000 years. who knew how many people had burned with envy.

of course, in comparison to such unprecedented king tiers as the likes of the stone emperor and the north emperor, he was still considerably inferior.

he was barely just qualified to enter into the star sand martial arts academy, and it was not so definite, either.

ling han brought empress luan xing with him back to the great ling empire, and the whole capital immediately exploded.

what was going on here? the empress was actually kidnapped by ling han?

though they were a subordinate nation of the chaotic stars majestic empire in name, the empress was their matriarch, and as the saying went, when a woman married, she would follow her husband. then didn’t that mean that the whole chaotic stars majestic empire was her dowry?

moreover, now that the whole world was united, then wouldn’t the great ling empire be the largest?

their ruler was awesome!

some were happy, but there were definitely some who would be unhappy, and it naturally was the heavenly phoenix divine maiden.

she had long since known that empress luan xing was incomparably exquisite, but only when she had truly seen her with her own eyes did she know how enchanting the latter was exactly. even she, as a woman, could not help feeling her heart throb wildly.

she was worried that ling han’s whole soul would be hooked by this empress.

however, after the empress held onto her hand, and had a quiet conversation with her, the heavenly phoenix divine maiden’s attitude immediately changed greatly. she no longer pushed the empress aside, and instead amiably addressed her as big sister.

f***, she had been soothed just like that?

indeed, the empress was definitely fit to be the master of the harem. though hu niu’s battle prowess was high, she was only aware of eating, playing, and acting shamelessly. the big sister position would still have to be filled by the empress, and she was definitely capable of holding down the fort.

just look at how fierce the heavenly phoenix divine maiden was. in the past, she had thrashed ling han so much that he was forced to venture into ancient sites. he would rather cultivate a divine technique even if it meant risking his life so he could suppress this fierce woman. yet now, she was as obedient as a pet cat in front of the empress.

sigh, everyone really had a weakness.

the charm of the empress could not be described with mere words. putting aside how the heavenly phoenix divine maiden was subdued, even ling han’s two brothers and six disciples were completely won over. only the rain emperor was incredibly assertive, and barely managed to ignore her charms.

work was now underway, and ling han planned to stay in the great ling empire for another 50 years. then, he would set out to the long light galaxy, and head to the myriad directions galaxy from there.

in these 50 years, he had to leave behind seeds in the great ling empire. when he returned in future, it definitely could not be a great ling empire that had declined, but rather a great ling empire that was filled with life.

he set out on the task of searching for an heir for the throne.

the empress said she would let go of her hold, and she would. now, the whole joint peace planet was in her hands, and as long as she was willing, she could even conquer a great many planets in the surroundings as well. but she had thrown everything onto ling han, putting on the appearance of a good wife.

ling han was not made to manage a nation, either. he had still tossed everything off to his cousin. in any case, with the left and right ministers and the five generals to assist, there was no need to worry about any problems that would crop up.

but when he, empress luan xing, and the other elites left 50 years later, and there was no one there to suppress the left and right ministers and the others, what was to be done?

therefore, he had to expedite the growth of a new batch of elites who could be completely trusted.

there were not many people that ling han planned to bring with him to the star sand martial arts academy 50 years later, because the entry requirements were too demanding. they had to at least cultivate to the pinnacle level once, and this was enough to disqualify 99.9999% of all the people in the world.

and this was merely the most basic condition. afterwards, they would then select 100 of the most powerful prodigies to become king among kings!

and with this kind of selection, even the north emperor and stone emperor would not dare say for sure that they would definitely be capable of entering.

hence, ling han merely planned to bring those who had cultivated to pinnacle level. aside from himself, there was empress luan xing, the heavenly phoenix divine maiden, the rain emperor, ding ping, jiuyao, and xu ran. those like his big brother, feng po yun, and third brother, murong qing, would stay behind in the great ling empire this time.

ling han set out on the task of grooming new talented people.

feng po yun and murong qing had given up as well. pinnacle level was not something that could be cultivated with mere hard work. the most important requirement was still natural talent. without that bit of natural talent, even if they worked a million times harder, it would be useless.

from birth, it was destined that life would be unjust.

isolating themselves in the black tower, after a mere seven years, the two of them broke through to the sun moon tier one after the other. ling han then brought out the berserk blood spirit pill to help them advance further.

even without being tempered by immortal flame, they could only ingest one every three years, and 50 years’ time was about enough to send the both of them up to the peak stage of the sun moon tier. it was even possible that they could break through to the heavenly body tier.

as long as they reached the heavenly body tier, they would be able to stand as equals with the left minister and the others, and there was no need to worry that they could not be controlled.

kang xiuyuan and yun yongwang, meanwhile, were working hard at refining alchemical pills. ling han had assigned them a mission, and that was they had to become level 8 alchemists before his departure!

the cultivation levels of jiang yuefeng and the others were also soaring rapidly. everyone had berserk blood spirit pill that they could ingest, and could advance a sub-minor level every three years, which was shockingly frightening. and more importantly, the leaves of the reincarnation tree could be used in tea.

this would help them to comprehend dao!

they had the berserk blood spirit pill for the accumulation of cultivation, and reincarnation tea for the comprehension of dao. they also had the reincarnation tree, with which a single day was equivalent to a whole year. as long as they managed to reach the sun moon tier, that was definitely a transformation with every year, and a great transformation every three years.

what depressed ling han was the fact that there were not enough fruits of the red rain divine king tree. there was not enough to go around, and the berserk blood spirit pills were almost finished.

furthermore, the reincarnation tree could only sustain the simultaneous cultivation of 10 people, and now that there were so many people who wanted to comprehend dao, it was necessary to wait for their turn. thankfully, they still had the leaves of the reincarnation tree to be used as tea, which would assist in the comprehension of dao. this could be considered as the solution to this big problem.

in addition, there were three great alchemists here, and one of them was the alchemy emperor, even. joint peace planet was so vast, and after raiding the treasuries of the two majestic empires, ling han also had a great amount of natural treasures in his possession, so he managed to refine a great number of divine pills.

though they could not match the berserk blood spirit pill, it was still extremely shocking. hence, the strength of the whole great ling empire was improving at a mad pace. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

the abilities of ling han, the heavenly phoenix divine maiden, and the rain emperor were also soaring. with ling han, the alchemy emperor, there, what need was there for them to worry about not having enough alchemical pills? previously, ling han had entered into the medicine king’s cave, and he had looted a great amount of godly medicine.

use in medicine! use in medicine! use in medicine!

he was extravagantly using up the godly medicine in his possession. why should they be saved up? if they were not used, that would definitely be a true waste.

on the other side, all the level 10 godly metal was endlessly delivered over; the procurement had even left the bounds of joint peace planet, and was being done at the scale of the entire galaxy. this naturally was delegated to the mo clan establishment. ling han had promised them a favor before, and would especially look after them in the event of any business.

50 years’ time passed in the blink of an eye.