Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1446 Questioning

Nie Tiancheng was extremely pissed off.Ling Han actually dared to block him? Holy f*ck! They were here to fight for a great opportunity, not to catch up with old friends!

There was an icy look in his eyes, yet upon recalling their plan, he forcefully suppressed his urge to explode in anger—after reaching the height of the valley, he and Shan Jingyi would launch a surprise attack and knock him off his floating rock. They would make him fall from heaven to hell. That would definitely be a feeling of unparalleled despair for Ling Han.

“Brother Ling, we’ll spar later,” Faceless said with a smile. Ever since growing a face, his expressions had also started to become increasingly rich and lively.

“Sure,” Ling Han said with a nod.

Only after chattering for a while did Yang Lin and the others hover away on their floating rocks. Because they had all fought hard to reach this height, and because the teams at this height were all extremely powerful, no one was willing to rashly engage in battle with others.

In fact, even Gu Daoyi wouldn’t dare to say that he could crush all of the elites at this height. Since their cultivation had been suppressed to the same level, the gap in power between them was also far too small. Those who dared to make an enemy of everyone would definitely be knocked down the quickest.

However, there were also exceptions.

More precisely, there was a dog that was an exception to this rule.

The large black dog had also appeared, and he obviously hadn’t formed a team with anyone—who dared to form a team with him? To say nothing of being bitten in the rear by this dog, just the hostile stares from the tens of thousands of cultivators would be enough to pressure anyone to death.

However, the battle style of the large black dog was surprisingly simple. He would simply crash into his opponents, this crash sure to knock his opponents off their floating rock.

It was because of the large black dog’s powerful physique and near-immunity to Origin Power that he was able to take to this competition like fish took to water.

Yet, his mouth was still as toxic as always. So be it if he defeated his opponents. However, he would still insist on biting and even mocking them, causing all of his opponents to explode in anger as they fell to the bottom of the valley. If they could fly up this valley, there would definitely be tens of thousands of people chasing after the large black dog at this moment.

“Sigh, my life is truly as lonely as fallen snow. It’s truly cold at this great height! Grandpa Dog genuinely feels sorry for being so powerful.” The large black dog was standing upright on his floating rock as he pretended to be the most powerful being in the world. “Those people above, Grandpa Dog is coming! Come and become Grandpa Dog’s human servants!”

His utterances instantly offended everyone in the valley.

In fact, even Gu Daoyi narrowed his eyes and moved his gaze away from Empress Luan Xing, stealing a few extra glances at the large black dog. He had lived nine previous lives, and although each of these lives had only been very short—apart from the first—these lives had still lasted for at least 1,000,000 years.

Yet, during these millions of years, he had never discovered anything special about the large black dog. After reincarnating into his 10th life, it was as if the large black dog had also obtained some great opportunity. This was so peculiar that even he was slightly astonished.

However, this dog was an absolute c*nt!

Gu Daoyi would never allow a dog as depraved as this to follow him. He was someone who had the goal of breaking into the Celestial Realm and obtaining unparalleled power! If there were a dog continuously provoking the people around him, it would be a genuine miracle if he wasn’t killed after a very short amount of time.

After all, he wouldn’t be an elite after entering the Celestial Realm anymore. Moreover, even though his Divine Fetus was extraordinary, just how powerful was the Celestial Realm? There would definitely be powerful physiques that could rival the incredible might of his Divine Fetus.

As such, his physique could only be regarded as one of the most powerful, not the most powerful.

“Ignore that dog. Let us make haste and charge to the peak,” Gu Daoyi said. He cast his gaze to the giant golden boulder hovering in the sky. He had a feeling that if he could ascend this boulder, he would definitely obtain immeasurable benefits.

To instill such a feeling in him, someone who was once a Celestial, this boulder was definitely a goal that he had to reach.

After a temporary moment of peace, intense battles immediately started to flare up again.

A team of 12 aggressively charged toward Ling Han and the others, directly attacking them without even speaking a word.

Nie Tiancheng and Shan Jingyi charged over to meet them. However, they were unable to suppress these people even after summoning their powerful weapons. Instead, they were the ones being ruthlessly suppressed. After all, their opponents were also extremely powerful, and they also had a huge advantage in numbers. This team of 12 wasn’t a team that the two of them could deal with alone.

The North Emperor and the Stone Emperor hurriedly rushed over to help. Even so, they were still unable to turn their disadvantage into an advantage.

The Rain Emperor was itching to fight, so he roared loudly before also joining into the battle.

Seeing the eager expressions on his two disciples’ faces, Ling Han grinned before nodding in approval. Seeing this, Ding Ping and Jiuyao also charged over to join the battle.

Ding Ping represented pure power, and no one at the same cultivation level as him would be able to rival his strength. He launched a punch, and the dense power packed into this punch was at least one star more powerful than even rank three king tiers.

Meanwhile, Jiuyao was someone who had taken a path of peculiarity. The nine divine patterns on his arms lit up, transforming into nine powerful Demonic Beasts that were each just as powerful as him. When the 10 of them teamed up, it was equivalent to Jiuyao gaining an extra star of battle prowess.

At a glance, this didn’t appear as powerful as Ding Ping. However, these nine Demonic Beasts were all undying beings. Moreover, Jiuyao’s body could also transform into a mist-like state, his powerful defensive ability not something that Ding Ping could rival. Thus, when trying to determine which of them was stronger, this wasn’t something that could be concluded from their power or cultivation level alone.

However, when it came to the battles in the Sunken Abyss Valley, it was quite evident that the more powerful one’s offensive ability, the greater their advantage. This was so because it would be extremely difficult to defend the floating rock beneath one’s feet, regardless of how impressive one’s defensive ability.

Take, for example, Ling Han. He could stand there and allow every single king tier in this abyss to attack him. Even in the face of such attacks, he could guarantee that he wouldn’t receive an iota of damage. However, he couldn’t guarantee that the floating rock beneath his feet would also remain unscathed.

The Rain Emperor was cultivating a path of dominance, so he hadn’t even considered targeting the floating rocks beneath his opponents’ feet. Instead, he simply attacked the cultivators. Once he defeated them, the floating rocks beneath their feet would naturally become his. This was obviously several times more difficult than just targeting the floating rocks. However, this was just how wilful the Rain Emperor was.

This greatly displeased Nie Tiancheng and Shan Jingyi. However, they had their hands full right now, so they didn’t have any spare time or energy to express their displeasure.

After a while, Xu Ran and the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden also joined the battle. Meanwhile, taking into account his identity, the Notionless Saint didn’t participate in the battle. After all, it was naturally beneath him to skirmish with these “juniors”. Beside him, Ling Han and Empress Luan Xing commanded the battle. If anyone was facing danger, they could also rush over to help.

In any case, this was already sufficient. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Although they were still at a disadvantage in terms of numbers, they were already more powerful than their opponents. The Rain Emperor was the first to achieve victory, blasting his opponent off his floating rock. Once this breach was opened, their remaining opponents started to fall like dominoes, either being knocked off their floating rock or having their floating rock shattered.

However, even after defeating these powerful opponents, they only managed to rise by nine meters. From this, it could be seen just how difficult it would be to cover the last 300 meters of the second stage.

Not only did they have to defeat a few dozen people, but these would all be extremely powerful opponents. After all, these opponents would also be people who had crawled up by stepping on the “corpses” of others. Although the defeated cultivators could continue to rise up, there was only a mere three days of time. Thus, to reach the gigantic boulder in the sky would be a tremendously difficult task.

In the countless years of this competition, no one had ever managed to ascend that gigantic golden boulder. This was a testimony of the immense difficulty of the task.

“Humph, how arrogant of you two! The others all participated in the battle, so why did you two stay behind to watch?” After the battle, Nie Tiancheng immediately started to vent his anger on Ling Han and the Notionless Saint.

Ding Ping and Jiuyao immediately stepped forward, blocking Ling Han behind them. There was a menacing glint in their eyes as they faced off against Nie Tiancheng.

“Firstly, the battle has already been won! Secondly, does our master need to personally partake in such a battle?” they asked in a haughty manner.

Nie Tiancheng almost exploded in anger. Ling Han was far too arrogant! He was actually using his two disciples to deal with him! However, he could clearly tell that both of these disciples had only just advanced to the Heaven Body Tier. In the outside world, he could easily suppress them using just a single hand. Here, however...

Even with his Pseudo-Saint Tool, he still didn’t have absolute confidence that he could defeat them. After all, he had witnessed their battle prowess just then. If he battled against them two-on-one, he genuinely didn’t have any confidence that he could win.