Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1453 Mystical Powers of the 10th Lifetime

Gu Daoyi.

His constitution was extraordinary, and he was born with Dao as if he was the beloved child of the heaven and earth themselves. Was it possible that such a person was a being of the Netherworld?

It was absolutely impossible!

But if he was not a being of the Netherworld, how could he possibly use a technique from the Netherworld? The Regulations of both realms were completely incompatible. Grasping the techniques of one realm would mean that he would be completely supplanted by the other realm. No one could possibly get the best of both worlds.

Everyone was stunned. Previously, though the techniques that Gu Daoyi had shown were all different in form, all of them had shone brilliantly, and were immediately identified as techniques of the Immortal Realm.

Grasping the techniques of both Realms at the same time?

Gasp!

No wonder this person could become the strongest king tier. Just ask the world, was there a second person that could simultaneously grasp the techniques of the two Realms?

Ling Han was unmoved. If one wanted to barge into the Celestial Realm, the prerequisite was to simultaneously grasp the Regulations of both creation and destruction. Since Gu Daoyi originated from the Celestial Realm, then what was so strange about him being capable of grasping the techniques of both Realms?

The darkness filled the skies. Though it only managed to enshroud a zone of three meters upwards and downwards, in this zone, it was completely dark, with all kinds of demons hidden in the shadows.

Ling Han humphed, and exclaimed, “Demons and monsters, disperse!”

He released the brilliance of lightning. Crackle and boom, and all the ghouls were shattered to pieces.

This move appeared to be extremely powerful, but in truth, it only seemed that way.

That was no fault of Gu Daoyi, because this place was the Immortal Realm—if he used a technique of the Netherworld here, not only would it not be boosted by the heaven and earth here, it would be weakened instead. Added with the fact that the power of lightning was a specific weakness of evil beasts, the technique was naturally even more useless.

‘This...!’

Everyone’s lips twitched. Though Gu Daoyi’s moves were endless, not one of them was effective. Ling Han had dealt with all of them with the same move every single time, using the same technique to deal with any change in technique.

“Mystical Power of the ninth life, Eight Doors!”

Gu Daoyi switched techniques again. He pointed a finger at Ling Han, and multiple doors appeared around him. There were a total of eight, and each door was exuding light of a different color. They were slowly orbiting, each releasing a different aura.

“Kill!”

Gu Daoyi flipped his hand over, and the eight doors opened widely. Endless killing intent rushed out, intending to kill Ling Han.

Formation technique?

Ling Han was involuntarily surprised. Gu Daoyi had really gotten into contact with many fields, and had an extremely great achievement in the field of formation techniques as well. However, he was unafraid. You were only endlessly switching techniques, but had not increased the might of any one of your techniques, so what was the use of switching over and over again?

Hold on, was Gu Daoyi someone so stupid?

Ling Han’s heart suddenly jolted.

He had to keep his guard up!

Ling Han delivered a sword strike, and peace returned to the world.

“Mystical Power of the first life, Dazzle the Heavens!” Gu Daoyi seemed to be completely indifferent. He was here to show off his ultimate techniques. His whole person had become a god of light, and was 100 times brighter than even the sun. He pressed down a palm, and boom, he would purify all.

This was the Mystical Power from his first life; it was also the lifetime in which he had lived the longest. He had cultivated this lifetime in the Celestial Realm, so this attack was obviously stronger than the previous eight secret techniques, causing even Ling Han to frown.

Ling Han released a battle cry. The sword slashed out.

The Tide of the Ages had fused with the Lightning Sword Technique in a considerably complete way. True enough, battle was the best way to improve oneself. Without the pressure exerted by Gu Daoyi, even with the Reincarnation Tree, Ling Han possibly would have to spend a few hundred years’ time to be able to reach the level he was now.

Boom!

After the attack, both Gu Daoyi and Ling Han were sent backwards simultaneously. However, it was still difficult to decide the victor between the two of them.

Yet Gu Daoyi broke into a strange grin. “You must be very curious. It is obvious that these techniques could not possibly be effective, but why have I used each and every one of them?”

“Hehe, what you are thinking with your behind, how could I possibly know?” Ling Han countered smilingly.

Gu Daoyi instantly burst into fury; thinking with his behind?

A muscle twitched in his cheek. He forcibly suppressed his anger, and said, “That is because all this is for the sake of cultivating the Mystical Power of my 10th lifetime!” He communicated all this through his divine sense; he did not want others to know of his strongest trump card.

“Mystical Power of Ten Lives, Nine Lives Fuse as One!”

Gu Daoyi’s figure shook, and another figure actually walked out of his body. Then, with another shake, a second figure appeared, then the third, the fourth, and all the way until the ninth. Added with his main body, there were a total of 10 figures.

These were the bodies from his 10 lives. He had summoned all nine lifetimes through the Mystical Power of his 10th lifetime.

10 figures that all looked completely different. Thankfully, they were still influenced by Gu Daoyi’s own cultivation level. These nine people had the same cultivation level as himself. Otherwise, if he summoned out nine Saints, who would be able to stop him in this world?

But this was already scary enough. The Mystical Powers each of the nine lifetimes had grasped were all incredibly powerful, and now that all the bodies of his nine lives had appeared together, what did that mean? These Mystical Powers could be used at the same time!

Beneath them, everyone was watching dumbfounded. One was no match for the other, so he summoned nine copies of himself to fight together?

Who could match that!

“Die!” Gu Daoyi roared loudly. His nine doppelgangers shouted as well, and they all channeled their respective Mystical Powers—the God of Blood Finger, Heaven’s Will Saber, Skyward Staff, Hundred Demons in the Night and so on, and they all blasted at Ling Han.

With all 10 lifetimes in the battle, who could match him in this world?

Zi Chenfeng frowned, Hong Ma frowned, Hong Ma frowned, and the Second in the World frowned. Only the Rain Emperor revealed an excited fighting spirit. When he encountered a strong opponent, he would become stronger. He completely disregarded the outcome of the battle.

Meanwhile, Empress Luan Xing’s delicate figure trembled lightly. This was a technique that had evolved from the Nine Deaths Heaven Art, just like how she could create nine doppelgangers. Gu Daoyi, though, had lived nine lives. They were two different paths, but they could be merged and let her become stronger.

Of course, this was also the same for Gu Daoyi. If he could create nine doppelgangers, he would naturally be even more terrifying.

When endless secret techniques attacked him, how was Ling Han supposed to block them?

Ling Han could still deal with one, or even two, but nine? No matter how he thought about it, it was an impossible feat.

Ling Han broke into a calm smile. With a flick of his right hand, he had tossed out the Divine Demon Sword, which sliced out towards Gu Daoyi.

Gu Daoyi was completely fearless. He was using all his 10 lives, and this was his strongest condition. In a battle of equals, no one could match him!

His main body stretched out a hand to grab the Divine Demon Sword. With his insight, he naturally could tell the extraordinary nature of this sword, and he was instantly filled with the desire to take it for his own. However, his hand had just stretched out when he saw the Divine Demon Sword descend. It was actually slashing out in the direction of beneath his feet.

Yi, had the trajectory been calculated wrong by him?

However, he immediately understood. This strike from Ling Han was not meant to attack him at all, but rather aimed for the floating rock beneath his feet.

‘F***, how underhanded!’

Gu Daoyi shouted loudly, and hurriedly expanded his Origin Power to protect the floating rock.

The Divine Demon Sword reached its target, exuding an endless divine light. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

This was a future Celestial Tool; who would be capable of blocking a strike from it? The sword struck, and the defense of Origin Power was practically like an empty display. The Divine Demon Sword slashed through the weak defense, and struck the floating rock. Pa, with how overbearing the Divine Sword was, the floating rock was instantly shattered.

“F*** you!” Gu Daoyi released a roar filled with grievance and fury. Boom, his figure rapidly fell.

For elites, prodigies, and king tiers like himself, he should not take to heart any kind of empty honor. That was because he was already standing at the peak of this world. However, this action from Ling Han was really too underhanded, and even he couldn’t help but forget himself and curse.

It was clear how infuriated he was.

He had been completely screwed over!