Chapter 1455 The Last Sprin

Gu Daoyi fought fiercely with Empress Luan Xing.

At present, the two of them were in the same cultivation level, and there was not much of a gap in their true cultivation levels, either. Furthermore, both had cultivated the Nine Deaths Heaven Art, so they absolutely could be claimed to be true rivals. Even if Gu Daoyi had cultivated a Divine Fetus, and could summon the bodies of his nine lives to aid him, Empress Luan Xing still ruled the battle with the brick in her hand.

This was the Absolute Beginning Stone that could absorb all energy. Its upper limit extended to the Genesis Tier, and even if its effects had been weakened in this place, it was still extremely overbearing, and was enough to help the empress oppose Gu Daoyi.

If he could not defeat the empress, Gu Daoyi would not be able to get hold of the floating rock. If he could not get hold of the floating rock, he would not be able to ascend further, causing him to incredibly furious. He continuously released low growls, but Empress Luan Xing looked down on him proudly, suppressing him firmly, and there was nothing he could do about it.

Ling Han relaxed. He looked upwards, and the several supreme king tiers were currently revising their positions, waiting for the last barrage.

It was still not the time to move.

Ling Han shook his head internally. That was because even if he snatched the floating rocks of all these king tiers, it would not be enough to let him rise to the height of the golden floating rock. He had to wait for even more people to come up from below to become his supply of stepping stones.

This was very fast. A complete flight of stairs had formed below them. Those with strong abilities could charge up directly; there was no need to wait.

There were more and more people entering the second stage, from a few dozen to over 100, then to a few hundred, more than 1,000, then more than 10,000.

100 flowers competed in brilliance this time round; the numbers of the prodigious king tiers this time had far exceeded any previous time. Thus, there were also more and more people who qualified for the second stage, leading to fierce battles.

Ling Han, Zi Chenfeng, Long Xiangyue, and the others moved respectively, and continued to increase their own altitude.

Phew!

After rising another few meters upwards, a powerful gust of wind suddenly started up in the skies. Even Ling Han and the others felt as if their feet were light and airy, as if they were going to be blown away at any moment.

But if they left their floating rocks, they would fall to the bottom of the valley, which was equivalent to starting again from the very beginning.

Hurriedly, they channeled their Origin Power to oppose this wind. Even so, their feet were still unsteady, and they managed to maintain their balance with great difficulty.

Some people had just charged up to this level, and with a gust of wind, they directly fell to the bottom of the valley with a sharp cry.

Now, there was merely over a dozen people who could maintain their positions on this level, but there was still a distance of 30 meters to the golden floating rock at the summit.

This appeared to be very close, but going by the calculation that a floating rock would allow an increase of height of six meters, if one wanted to form a flight of stairs, allowing one person to ascend to the apex, this needed 32 floating rocks, which also meant 32[1] king tiers that could maintain their positions on this level.

This was too difficult!

No wonder not one person had managed to land on the golden floating rock in all these years. That was because there were too few supreme king tiers, and when they entered into the stage for the last sprint, there was no opponent that could allow them to rise further.

But it was not that there was completely no hope for over a dozen people. That was because those that had been previously defeated could charge back up. As long as there was not too much of a difference, they could still continuously increase their altitude.

Now, they could no longer depend on the weaklings coming to become their stepping stones. There would definitely be a battle among the elites. Even supreme king tiers would become the stepping stones of other supreme king tiers, or no one would be able to ascend to the apex. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

“Die!”

Supreme king tiers naturally all had their pride. If they could ascend to the summit, they would definitely be unwilling to stand as equals with another. After a short pause, a battle royale immediately began.

Ling Han did not hold his punches, either. With the movement of both his hands, the Lightning Sword Technique was used continuously. Multiple flashes of sword light surged out from his body.

His understanding of Sword Qi had once again experienced a breakthrough. ‘I myself am the sword, so what need is there for me to be so insistent on the form? Every move I make would be a sword strike, even my hair could release Sword Qi, and the Tide of the Ages had also been integrated into the Lightning Sword Technique.’ As he became more and more experienced in the assimilation of the two, his battle prowess also became stronger and stronger.

‘My strength can only exceed six stars, but how many stars could my present battle prowess exceed?’ Even Ling Han did not know the answer. That was because his opponents were also supreme king tiers who could battle others stronger than themselves, so there was no accurate figure, which caused his estimation of his own battle prowess to be inaccurate as well.

But that was fine. What he wanted were not figures, but to be invincible!

Fight, fight, fight!

He gave a battle cry, and charged into the masses, provoking others wherever he went like a demon king.

Others would be fighting one on one, but he was completely uncaring. He made a move on anyone he saw, looking completely like he was aiming to become the public enemy.

And indeed because he had attracted enough animosity, very soon, four pairs of king tiers that were fighting stopped, and then attacked him simultaneously.

There were a total of eight supreme king tiers!

Hu, one after another, God Tools showed their might. Some were even in the level of the Eternal River Tier, and had even reached the height of Pseudo-Saint Tool. However, they were suppressed by the conditions of this place. Still, their might exceeded the high extreme of Heavenly Body Tier, and was definitely not something that could be blocked by someone in the early stage of the low extreme.

What more when there were a total of eight such king tiers!

Ling Han was unafraid. Since he dared to trifle with them, he had considerable confidence in himself. Using the Star Plucking Step, he steered the floating rock beneath his feet with movements like a ghost’s. Finally, he drew the Divine Demon Sword. With a sword strike, even the heaven and earth would pale in color.

Though it was said that Sword Dao had no need to be insistent on its form, and as long as the sword was in your heart, all objects could be used like a sword, this did not mean that the might released would be the same no matter what object was being used.

Speaking in fundamental terms, the Divine Demon Sword was actually even more powerful than Ling Han himself—its level had far suppressed Ling Han’s own!

Celestial light bloomed, and divine might was invincible.

What depressed these king tiers even further was that Ling Han was aiming directly for the floating rocks beneath their feet. The ability of the Divine Demon Sword to penetrate through defenses was definitely the strongest, at least in the Immortal Realm. The defense of Origin Power they had put up was practically an empty display. As long as it was struck directly by the Divine Demon Sword, the only result would be that the defense would be completely shattered.

They all released furious roars as their figures fell, yet all of their expressions were serious and grim.

They absolutely, definitely could not get too close if they fought with Ling Han. Otherwise, when that sword struck, nothing could stop it in its path. Now it was the floating rock, but in the future it could be their own bodies.

It was too sharp and too overbearing. Could it be a Saint Tool that had achieved Great Accomplishment? Otherwise, how could it possess such terrifying might?

Ling Han ascended. Six meters, 12 meters, 18 meters... When there was still a gap of 12 meters, he stopped again. There were no longer any opponents in his surroundings.

If no one managed to charge up here, he could only sit here. Even if he got first place, it would still be impossible for him to stand on that golden floating rock.

That was why though a great many stunningly talented and bright prodigies had appeared in all these generations, without powerful enough competitors, they could only look down on the smaller mountains below them, and feel lonely at the top.

Ling Han was filled with anticipation. Could anyone among such rank three king tiers like the Second in the World, Zi Chenfeng, and Long Xiangyue charge up here and lend him a helping hand?

“Get lost!” Long Xiangyue was the first to arrive. She held a Divine Sword in her grasp, and the armor on her had become a coiled True Dragon, exuding a frightening dragon’s might. Even against rank three king tiers, this would exert great pressure. This was also an important reason that led to her being the second to charge up here.

Her black locks fluttered, her skin as lustrous as jade and actually glowing, making her seem like a goddess—no, a goddess of war, one who could stun the Nine Heavens with a single strike from her sword.

The target she was aiming for... was actually also the floating rock beneath Ling Han’s feet.

Who said that king tiers definitely had to battle upright and frank?

[1] Think two to fifth power, meaning 2x2x2x2x2... Basically a sort of tournament with 5 levels.