Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1462 Certain Death

Just as Gu Daoyi suspected, Ling Han hadn’t been pulverized because he was unable to withstand heavenly tribulation. Rather, he had actively shattered his own flesh and bones in order to be tempered by the tribulation. This way, he could further elevate the power of his physique.

This time, however, things were slightly more difficult.

After all, this was a twofold heavenly tribulation!

When it came to normal cultivators, they would face perilous danger whenever they experienced heavenly tribulation. In fact, seven to eight people out of 10 would be killed by theirs. Yet, right now, Ling Han was experiencing a twofold tribulation, which was 10 times more powerful than an ordinary heavenly tribulation faced by those at the peak stage of the pinnacle level.

Gu Daoyi felt a strong urge to attack. Right now, Ling Han’s entire body was pulverized and broken. Thus, if he attacked, it was certain that he could kill Ling Han. However, the problem was that he was incredibly apprehensive of Ling Han’s heavenly tribulation. If he interfered, it was very likely that he would die as well.

Was he going to risk his own life in order to kill a mere ant? He shook his head. It wasn’t worth it.

He was confident that he could kill Ling Han after he successfully withstood his heavenly tribulation. Killing him would be like cutting grass.

This was because he was Gu Daoyi, a king tier who possessed a Divine Fetus after burying the bodies of his nine previous lives. He was destined to be invincible!

He turned his gaze to Empress Luan Xing.

This was another person who was practicing the Nine Deaths Heaven Art. If he could obtain and refine her fruits of cultivation, his Divine Fetus would definitely advance to the next level. At that time, even the True Sons and True Daughters of the great sects of the Celestial Realm wouldn’t be able to rival his formidable might.

Empress Luan Xing humphed coldly as she charged over.

This person actually dared to attack her lover? Even if there wasn’t the matter pertaining to the Nine Deaths Heaven Art, she would still feel the need to kill Gu Daoyi 100 times over.

“You’re seeking death!” Gu Daoyi said with a humph. Now that he had regained his full power, who at the same cultivation level could rival him?

‘Die!’

He also charged at Empress Luan Xing, and the two of them quickly became locked in an intense battle again.

However, the battle this time was far more ferocious and dangerous.

They had both regained their power—power at the peak stage of the pinnacle level. In other words, their power was now on the same level as elites at the low extreme of the Eternal River Tier. However, coupled with their freakish talent, they could even kill elites at the early stage of the low extreme of the Eternal River Tier, perhaps even the middle stage.

Such was the intensity of the battle that many cultivators didn’t even dare to spectate it from up close. In any case, they didn’t have the right to. They had no choice but to retreat far into the distance. Otherwise, just a single shock wave would be enough to severely wound or even kill them.

Meanwhile, the Rain Emperor and the others didn’t interfere in this battle. It was beneath them to gang up on an opponent who was at the same cultivation level as them.

It wasn’t long before more king tiers arrived at the scene.

These king tiers were none other than Long Xiangyue, Second in the World, Hong Ma, and the others, the king tiers who had suffered great misfortune 10 years ago. After receiving news of the blessing of heaven and earth concluding, they naturally had to hurry over to witness the scenes by themselves. At the very least, they had to see what kind of benefits and great opportunities the others had received.

The large black dog had also come. He was standing on his hind legs like a human, yet his appearance at this moment was truly peculiar and shocking. This was because he was wearing iron underwear!

It was clear that he had been mentally scarred after having his little peepee grabbed at that time. With the protection of an invincible iron underwear, it was quite likely that his little peepee would be safe from attacks now.

He clasped his front paws behind his back as he walked forward like a human. However, with his shiny pair of iron underwear, was this not a hilarious and comical sight?

Many of the cultivators in the abyss had been cultivating in seclusion these past 10 years, so this was their first time seeing the large black dog in such a state. They couldn’t help but splutter with laughter. Was this some sort of joke?

“Who’s laughing? Who’s laughing? Show yourself to Grandpa Dog!” The large black dog was ticked off, and he instantly raised his paw and pointed in the direction of the laughter.

“Hahahaha!” However, his strong reaction elicited even more and louder laughter from the cultivators. In fact, some people were laughing so hard that they could barely stand up straight. Meanwhile, some of them already had tears streaming down their face. This large black dog was far too shameless and degenerate.

“Woof! Grandpa Dog is going to bite your bums into three pieces!” The large black dog charged over in embarrassment and fury.

The abyss instantly descended into chaos. Ling Han was facing heavenly tribulation, Empress Luan Xing was locked in an intense battle with Gu Daoyi, and now the large black dog transformed into a rabid dog, biting anyone that he could get his mouth on. The abyss was plunged into turmoil.

Ling Han had actively shattered his flesh and Godly bones in order to be tempered by heavenly tribulation. However, he had genuinely gone slightly overboard this time. The divine lightning unleashed by the tribulation became more and more powerful, yearning to kill him with each strike.

Heaven and earth couldn’t be belittled!

Ling Han had advanced two minor levels before exiting the Sun Stone to face the tribulation—this was an act of deception toward heaven and earth. Thus, he naturally had to face the punishment of heaven and earth.

Heavenly tribulation became more and more powerful. It had already been descending for more than half a day. In fact, it still continued to descend even after an entire day had passed.

Ling Han felt that this wasn’t a good sign. In the beginning, he had only been struggling slightly. However, he had still been able to withstand it without any problems. Yet, this heavenly tribulation was becoming more and more powerful with each lightning strike that it unleashed. So be it if it had only lasted for only half a day. In fact, Ling Han could have endured it even if it had lasted for an entire day. After all, this was a twofold heavenly tribulation. However, a day had had already passed, yet this tribulation still had yet to show any sign of abating and dissipating. Instead, it was becoming even more powerful. What was the meaning of this?

He circulated a drop of Indestructible True Fluid to reform his Godly bones. He then started to resist heavenly tribulation with his full power.

There was already no need to temper his body anymore. This was because his physique had already become more powerful than Level 13 Godly metal—this was the limit of what he could achieve at his current cultivation level. Moreover, his tribulation was also becoming increasingly terrifying, and thus he needed to defend against its attacks with his full might and power.

Gasp!

The surrounding cultivators were all stunned. Who had ever witnessed such a long heavenly tribulation before?

Heavenly tribulation half a day long was already overwhelming enough to kill most cultivators. A tribulation one day long was simply unfathomable. Yet, Ling Han’s tribulation had already lasted for longer than a day! If they hadn’t witnessed this with their own eyes, who would have believed it?

“This is a situation of certain death!”

“But if he can survive this tribulation, his future prospects will definitely be boundless!”

Several elderly seniors remarked on this astonishing scene.

Ling Han had enraged the heavens and provoked them to unleash the most powerful punishments of divine lightning. However, if he could withstand this formidable punishment, he would undoubtedly be blessed with tremendous luck and fortune.

Fortune couldn’t be touched, nor could it be seen. However, it was something that no one was able to ignore. In fact, its importance was arguably above that of all other matters. After all, if one was blessed with great fortune, perhaps they might receive a divine pill that allowed them to become a Celestial straight away. If that were the case, how many king tiers and supreme prodigies would they surpass? Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Ling Han started to struggle more and more. The might of his heavenly tribulation had already surpassed the early stage of the low extreme of the Eternal River Tier long ago. At the half a day mark, it had already reached the medium extreme. After reaching the one day mark, it had already grown to the high extreme. Right now, it was even advancing toward the late stage of the high extreme.

Theoretically speaking, this was a tribulation that could easily kill even elites at the peak stage of the pinnacle level of the Heavenly Body Tier.

So, how could Ling Han not feel the struggle?

He gritted his teeth as he continued to withstand its attacks, unleashing all of his most powerful techniques.

The technique that he unleashed the most was naturally the Tide of the Ages. This was a celestial technique that could age and deconstruct attacks. Although it wasn’t especially effective against the tribulation, any bit of help was welcome. Meanwhile, Ling Han also continued to furiously channel the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll, using this celestial cultivation technique to protect his body. This celestial cultivation technique was arguably the most powerful cultivation technique of the Celestial Realm.

The Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll had never been impressive when it came to offensive ability. However, when it came to defensive ability, Ling Han had never come across any cultivation technique that was more powerful than this.

Blood continued to explode from Ling Han’s body. In fact, even his Level 13 Godly bones were creaking and groaning as if they were about to collapse at any moment. However, there was a halo of golden light enveloping his body, allowing him to rapidly recover from his severe wounds.

Undying and indestructible!

The spectating cultivators were all stunned into silence. They had always known that Ling Han possessed a powerful and freakish physique. However, they hadn’t known just how powerful or freakish it was. At this moment, they were finally able to witness its overwhelming might with their very own eyes.

‘I... definitely can’t become enemies with this person in the future. His physique is far too f*cking powerful! Even such a terrifying heavenly tribulation isn’t able to kill him!’

Yet another 12 hours passed, and the might of the tribulation had already advanced to the peak stage of the low extreme. This caused even Ling Han to feel incredibly apprehensive. With a single strike, a large cloud of his blood exploded into the surrounding sky. After a few more strikes, it was inevitable that his Godly bones would also be shattered. At that time, he would be in perilous danger.

‘Is this the end?’