Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1477 Ten Killing Formations

Inside the Black Tower, underneath the Reincarnation Tree, Ling Han and Empress Luan Xing sat down on the ground, and worked earnestly on their comprehension.

One was determined to rush up to Eternal River Tier in the shortest time possible, while the other wanted to fully grasp the Yinyang Five Element Formation, and inscribe it on his bones so that he would become a human killing formation.

Time passed very quickly. In the blink of an eye, a year had passed.

Under the Reincarnation Tree, the two people that seemed to have turned into stone suddenly moved, and opened their eyes practically at the same time.

Exchanging a look, both revealed a smile.

“I can attempt to break through to Eternal River Tier!”

“I have fully understood the formation!”

Both of them were filled with confidence. Their battle prowess would soon be greatly boosted.

They exited the Black Tower. A year had passed, and naturally, no one was still watching for them outside the library. They boldly walked out and returned to their own courtyard. When the senior students heard the news and appeared, the couple had entered into their rooms, and naturally, they could only hop around in fury.

Ling Han opened his cauldron and began refining alchemical pills. Breaking through to Eternal River Tier was not something to be done casually. It required the accumulation of a frightening amount of Origin Power, or it would be one’s own life force that would be exhausted. There were many people who had not accumulated enough, and their own life force was not strong enough, either. Ultimately, their life force was completely exhausted, and they ended up dying from exhaustion.

Thus, this could not be rushed. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

The best alchemical pill for breaking through to the Eternal River Tier was the “Great Amplification Pill”. It could not increase one’s comprehension, but could supply endless amounts of Origin Power, and allow cultivators to be spared from the fate of being sucked dry by their soaring cultivation level.

Ordinarily, about 100 pills was enough. However, for the sake of his wife, Ling Han was naturally not going to be satisfied with a mere 100. He refined over 1000 in one go, and only then did he stop in discontent.

Though this was one of the higher grade pills among Level 12 Divine Pills, the time needed to refine it was extremely short. He could refine a cauldron’s worth in a single day. With Ling Han’s abilities, he could refine about 20 pills in a single batch. Thus, the matter was completely settled in 50 days.

Even if she didn’t use all of them, that was fine. Wouldn’t he also have to break through? And there was the Rain Emperor, the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden, and the others. There were plenty of people that would need them.

He handed the alchemical pills over to Empress Luan Xing, and the empress took the lead in going into seclusion for the breakthrough.

Ling Han called Jiuyao over, and asked him about what had happened in this year’s time.

Taking the new students down a notch was a tradition of the Star Sand Martial Arts Academy, and was not merely limited to the eighth campus. It was a “rule” that was present in every campus.

Ling Han was not the only one who had attempted to resist.

The Rain Emperor had resisted, Gu Daoyi had resisted, Ding Ping had resisted, and the Notionless Saint had resisted, but it was useless! No matter how much of a prodigy you were, you would still be limited by your cultivation level. How would a Heavenly Body Tier be any match for an Eternal River Tier?

Even those at the peak of the pinnacle level of the Heavenly Body Tier were only equivalent to being at the low extreme of the Eternal River Tier, and would obviously only be suppressed.

Such proud people like the Rain Emperor and Gu Daoyi had battled to the last moment. But they were not as fortunate as Ling Han and Empress Luan Xing, wherein a big shot had stepped out to block the fires for their sake. Even if Gu Daoyi possessed a Saint Tool, it had only led to the mobilization of a senior student in the medium extreme of the Eternal River Tier to suppress him.

Most people had obediently crawled through the dog hole, and troublemakers were all knocked unconscious and forcibly shoved through. In short, none were spared.

Apparently, Gu Daoyi had fallen ill from his infuriation after the matter, and had only recovered after lying in bed for a good few months.

After Ling Han heard this, he couldn’t help but grin. He could understand. Gu Daoyi was the first severance grand elder from the Celestial Realm, and now, he was forced to crawl into a dog hole by a few Eternal River Tiers. The shadow in his heart had to be indescribably huge.

Yet the fact that the Rain Emperor, the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden, and the others had suffered this humiliation as well caused Ling Han’s eyes to grow cold.

He was determined to seek an accounting for this debt!

But this required strength. Without strength, everything was mere words.

Ling Han taught some cultivation technique to Jiuyao, and told him to send it over to the Rain Emperor and the others. It was definitely of a higher grade than what could be obtained in the Star Sand Martial Arts Academy. Meanwhile, he himself immediately went into seclusion. He was going to begin inscribing formation patterns in his body, and inscribe the Yinyang Five Element Formation.

In the year of comprehension previously spent under the Reincarnation Tree, he had already grasped this formation technique. And now, it was the time to turn his understanding into reality.

However, it was extremely difficult to inscribe on one’s Godly bones. One would have to use their divine sense like a blade, and make the inscriptions bit by bit.

At any other time, Ling Han would definitely be unable to do so.

Because his success came from his physique, and so did his failure. His Godly bones were as high a grade as Level 13 and above, and were close to Level 14. Even he himself could not do anything to them, so how was he supposed to inscribe the formation patterns? Thankfully, he now had the Nine Heavens Flame.

This was not only an immortal flame, but was also one of the Nine Great Ancestral Flames, and now, it had become his essence divine flames, and could be commanded by his will. Inscribing on his Godly bones had thus become possible.

Ling Han inscribed one formation pattern after another. His speed could not be considered fast, but was not slow, either. There were only a total of 3600 formation patterns for the Yinyang Five Element Formation, and he would be able to inscribe around 20 in two hours. Thus, in a mere half month’s time, he had completely inscribed the entire formation on his skeleton.

“Yi, wasn’t it said that everyone could only inscribe a single set of formation patterns inside his body?” Ling Han was slightly surprised. That was because after he had inscribed a whole set of formation patterns, he had actually used up just a tenth of his bones.

“I understand. This is because I used the immortal flame as my blade, so the formation patterns that I inscribed are extremely detailed and even, so the bones occupied would be less.

“Going by that understanding, wouldn’t I then be able to inscribe a few great formations inside my body at the same time? If I activate them at the same time, the might... Haha!”

“Then I will inscribe 10 Yinyang Five Element Formations!”

Ling Han persisted in his efforts, and inscribed another nine formations on his Godly bones. He had used up a total of five months’ time to finish the project.

Ling Han came out of seclusion, while Empress Luan Xing was still in seclusion. Breaking through to the Eternal River Tier was not something to be accomplished in one or two days.

“However, one should not let go of the big prize while grabbing at trifles. I should still concentrate on martial arts. If I could break through to the Eternal River Tier, I would be able to inscribe Level 15 formations, and would be a match for the high extreme of the Eternal River Tier. And if I could inscribe 10 formations, then it would not be difficult to kill even a cultivator at the peak of the high extreme of Eternal River Tier.

“Haha, this would be my trump card. Who would have thought?

“The Tranquil Heart Saint would only host a seminar every three years, and counting the days, it should be these few days. I can go and listen. In future, if I want to inscribe Saint-level formation patterns inside my body, I need a very deep understanding of the path of formations.

“Additionally, I would have to teach Jiuyao and Ding Ping too, or I would be too irresponsible as their master.”

Ling Han walked out of his courtyard and headed to where the Tranquil Heart Saint would speak about Dao. The venue was a public square, and all disciples were free to listen. However, it was definitely only close disciples that could listen to the information that truly involved Saint-level knowledge.

The moment he stepped out, he could see a person sneakily poke his head in. When he realized that Ling Han’s eyes had swept over him, he hurriedly shrunk his head back and broke out in a run. Obviously, he had set out to inform the others.

Ling Han did not stop him. What would come would come. In any case, he had already disclosed the fact that he had a Spatial God Tool, and he could use it without any reservations. After all, Saints would be able to create Spatial God Tools, so it was not something that others would sacrifice everything to snatch it from him.

“Ling Han!” He had not arrived at the public square when someone stood in his way.

This was an elite in the medium extreme of the Eternal River Tier.

There was no need for the high extreme or the consummate level. The medium extreme was more than enough; if that was still incapable to suppress a mere Heavenly Body Tier, what justice was left in this world?

Ling Han showed a smile; the medium extreme? Very good, this was just the chance for him to test out the might of the Yinyang Five Element Formation.