Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1496 The Final Battle

Gu Daoyi was experienced and knowledgeable, and this had primarily come from his first lifetime. In the subsequent eight lifetimes, he had spent his time working hard on cultivation in the Immortal Realm. Additionally, there was nothing much in the Immortal Realm worthy of his notice, and his 10th lifetime had just begun.In the Celestial Realm, it was not uncommon to use one’s self as a formation. Some people had walked the path of strengthening their physique, and were thus capable of inscribing a killing formation in their body, and some were the descendants of supreme Immortal Beasts, and had thus been born with sturdy Godly bones—they did not need to cultivate, and were naturally capable of inscribing a killing formation in their bodies.

Yet he had definitely never seen one that could actually inscribe not just one killing formation in their body.

A maniac like that actually existed? Such a freakish achievement was actually possible?

Hiss, could it be that he had surpassed his scope, and far exceeded the level of the Severing Mundane?

The descendant of a royal family?

When Gu Daoyi had been the Severing Mundane Ancestor those years ago, he’d already been qualified to get in contact with a little of the truth behind that great turmoil and purge. Close to one-third of all the forces in the entire Celestial Realm had suffered massacre and exile, and there was no shortage of king tiers among them.

For example, he had coincidentally found the Nine Deaths Heaven Art in the ancestral grounds of a royal clan. Unfortunately, he had not even managed to begin cultivating it at the time when he was also purged alongside his clan, and subsequently exiled from the Celestial Realm.

He was from the Celestial Realm, but had yet to touch the highest social circle of the Celestial Realm.

Perhaps only strong king tiers were capable of inscribing not just a single killing formation in their bodies?

A covetous look involuntarily appeared on Gu Daoyi’s face. If he could obtain this kind of secret, then his abilities would definitely improve even further. If he merged the secret techniques of two royal clans, then he would also be capable of becoming a Celestial King in the Celestial Realm in future, and establish his own royal clan.

“You truly astonish me time and time again!” he shouted loudly, his bodies of 10 lives attacking simultaneously, determined to completely suppress Ling Han.

This time, he wanted to defeat Ling Han, and next, he would rob Ling Han of all he possessed, including that woman that similarly cultivated the Nine Deaths Heaven Art, and would thus make his Divine Fetus even more extraordinary.

He was sure that Ling Han was the compensation that the heavens had given him.

He would gladly accept this great gift!

Ling Han laughed loudly, five killing formations activating at the same time, suddenly boosting his battle prowess to the height of the high extreme of the Eternal River Tier. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Boom!

Two people that were highly likely to become the strongest king tier in history endlessly exchanged blows, and as the number of killing formations Ling Han activated continuously increased, his battle prowess also became more and more frightening. In terms of defense, he had been invincible in the first place, so this naturally allowed him to completely dispense with his previously disadvantageous position, and begin a fierce counterattack.

Gu Daoyi suddenly felt strained.

Even though Ling Han had been simply waving his fists around and shooting out Sword Qi, it had the Tide of the Ages infused in his attacks, and that was a celestial technique! Add five killing formations based on the foundations of the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll, and the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll far surpassed the Tide of the Ages as well.

How could this kind of attack not be tremendously powerful?

But Gu Daoyi was not ordinary, either. The Nine Deaths Heaven Art was also a powerful celestial technique that originated from a royal family, and was acclaimed even in the Celestial Realm. Moreover, the bodies of nine lives had formed the Divine Fetus, which furthermore possessed Celestial Qi, and had incredibly frightening destructive ability.

In the battle between the two of them, if it was not for the fact that their power was still limited from the medium extreme to the high extreme of Eternal River Tier, merely in terms of destructive and harmfulness, if a blow landed on an elite at the consummate level, even he would be severely wounded.

Ling Han gave a sharp battle cry, and activated the 10 killing formations all in one go. Suddenly, the light of the Five Elements flickered over his whole body, with the Qi of Yin and Yang entwining around him. A Dao Manifestation as tall as 30,000 meters formed behind him, and shot a punch mercilessly down at Gu Daoyi.

‘What?!’

Gu Daoyi’s eyes widened, filled with disbelief.

Ling Han’s battle prowess was actually still capable of increasing further!

He roared furiously, opened his mouth, and actually spat out a ray of celestial light. Then, his aura suddenly expanded greatly, and a palm strike sliced towards Ling Han.

Boom!

The whole martial arts ring began to shake violently, and multiple cracks appeared. It was practically ready to collapse.

Even this kind of martial arts ring was unable to survive the ultimate battle between two great king tiers.

Gu Daoyi’s expression was dark. Although he had not been injured by this blow, he had used up a mouthful of the power of Celestial Source.

This was his trump card that had been nurtured from the Nine Deaths Heaven Art. He had only nurtured it when he had advanced into the Eternal River Tier. Once he used it, his abilities would strengthen a hundredfold, but he could only use it three times. It was one of his strongest trump cards.

Yet he had actually used it just now!

In his eyes, there was no one worthy of him using the Celestial Source Power in a battle of equal cultivation levels, but now he was actually forced to save himself. This was a heavy blow to his confidence.

Ling Han’s abilities... were actually as strong as this.

He was clearly only in the low extreme of the Eternal River Tier, yet could use himself as a formation, and inscribe Level 14 killing formations—and not just one at that! This guy definitely had the bloodline of a royal clan from the Celestial Realm, or it would be impossible that he could be so freakishly powerful.

That was a royal clan. The Celestial Realm was huge, and had long history, but how many royal clans were there really in existence?

He definitely had to obtain this kind of bloodline secret!

Ling Han did not give him a chance now that he had the upper hand. Since all 10 killing formations had appeared, then he would give it another go.

He charged out, his whole body wrapped by entwined light, the Five Elements and Yin and Yang. With 10 killing formations activated at the same time, this light was practically blazing.

Gu Daoyi clenched his fist to greet the incoming attack. He had not completely expended his mouthful of Celestial Source Power, and at present, his strength had surpassed the peak stage, so he naturally had no fear of a battle.

Gasp!

Phew!

Beneath the martial arts ring, everyone was watching dazedly. Even those teachers bore expressions of utmost seriousness.

The new students this time round were truly impressive. At present, they should still be able to suppress these two if they tried their best, but after not too many years later, the battle prowess of these two would take the lead, and only the big shots in each campus would be capable of suppressing them by then.

But the moment the cultivation level of these two advanced just the slightest bit, without even needing to reach the peak stage of the consummate level, probably only advancing into the consummate level would compel a couple of the big shots in the academy to yield their positions to them.

In this prosperous age for martial arts, prodigies came forth in large numbers, and those that stood out among the innumerable prodigies would be the kings among kings, future Saints. They might even be able to break the limits of the Star Sand Saint and become Saint Kings.

These two men... Who would actually emerge victorious?

Ling Han shot out punch after punch. That feeling of completely letting go of his reservations and merely releasing all the power he had within him was really great. He went all out in the battle. In a battle of equal cultivation levels, it was probably only a Divine Fetus like Gu Daoyi that was capable of matching him.

Gu Daoyi’s expression was ugly. He had already drawn on the power of his Celestial Source, and even then he could only battle Ling Han to a tie?

The problem was that he only had three mouthfuls of power of Celestial Source. There was a time limit to the use of each mouthful. What if he expended it completely, and still did not manage to defeat Ling Han? Then...

He hurriedly shook his head inwardly. No, he would definitely suppress this archenemy before that.

Archenemy! Gu Daoyi’s assessment of Ling Han had exponentially increased, and reached the level of an archenemy.

Finally, he summoned his Saint Tool. Suddenly, endless pressure descended. Even the defensive restrictions on the martial arts ring were on the verge of collapse, unable to sustain such pressure.

Though a Pseudo-Saint Tool had the words ‘Saint Tool’ in its name, it was completely unrelated to an actual Saint Tool in truth. How could it possibly compare to a genuine Saint Tool? And not only did Gu Daoyi had possession of a Saint Tool, it was also a Royal Tool he had forged a few lifetimes ago!

How overbearing was it?

Ling Han’s brow wrinkled into a frown. This Saint Tool had the ability to wound his physique, and could not be underestimated. He drew out the broken wooden sword, and the Sun Physique activated. His whole body shone with brilliant light. Not only was each flash of light blindingly bright, it also possessed frightening heat, and had astonishing destructive ability.

By this point, the battle had truly reached its climax.