Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1539 Relentless pursui

Hu Feng was stunned.Though he was a Saint that stood at the peak of this galaxy, he was still completely stunned.

‘Where is he?’

He knew of Spatial God Tools, and he himself could forge that kind of tool, though it would be very exhausting for him. Furthermore, he was a Small Saint, after all. The size of a Spatial God Tool he refined would be very limited.

But this did not hinder him from knowing that even a Spatial God Tool should have a form. From the outside, it actually was not all that different from a Spatial Spirit Tool. It had to take some kind of shape. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

It could be a ring, it could be a small mountain that could be held in the palm of one’s hand, or it could be a toy-like farmhouse, but no matter what, it had to be visible and touchable.

Yet Ling Han had vanished, and nothing was left behind on the scene.

Teleportation?

Impossible!

Hu Feng shook his head internally. He had already used Regulations to cover the area. Even if Ling Han used a teleportation seal, he could not possibly break through his restriction. He still had that much confidence in himself.

The only possibility was that he had hidden in a Spatial God Tool, but where was this God Tool?

Hu Feng spread out his divine sense, and searched the galaxy.

Thankfully, this galaxy was extremely clean, and there were no meteors or fragments left behind or shooting stars. Very quickly, he had finished his inspection.

He found nothing.

Why was it like this?

While Hu Feng was dumbfounded, a strong excitement also rose up in his heart. A method that could hoodwink a Saint, just how amazing was that? This boy had to have obtained an amazing precious treasure of the Celestial Realm!

Those years ago, even the Heavenly River King should not have been so awesome. Otherwise, wouldn’t he have managed to survive the fatal calamity?

“This person must have obtained some other fated opportunity; he might have obtained a true precious treasure—a Celestial Tool!” His eyes shone, and even his voice was shaking slightly.

A Celestial Tool!

This was a treasure that was superior to all. Even in the Celestial Realm, a Celestial Tool was still supreme. That was because only a Celestial King could possess a Celestial Tool. In fact, the majority of Celestial Kings had not obtained a Celestial Tool, because Celestial Material was too rare.

Not only was a Celestial Tool something that only a Celestial King could possess, it was only in the possession of those few big shots among the Celestial Kings.

“Haha, this is a great fortune that the heavens have gifted me!” Hu Feng laughed loudly. He had come into contact with Ling Han. This was true evidence, and the latter was an unknown number of years away from reaching the Saint Tier. Wouldn’t that be enough for him to snatch Ling Han’s good fortune from him?

If he gained a Celestial Tool and a Celestial King technique, when they charged into the Celestial Realm in future, not only could he become a Celestial King, he would also become a big shot among Celestial Kings. The whole Celestial Realm would tremble with just a yawn from him.

The more he thought about it, the more pleased he was. He couldn’t stop a smile from blooming on his face, but he hurriedly suppressed his excitement and joy. This was still undecided yet. What was the most important now was naturally to find Ling Han first. Otherwise, all else was pointless.

He began an even wider search. He would definitely not return to the Eight Stones Forbidden Land without finding Ling Han and obtaining the Celestial King cultivation technique and the Celestial Tool.

He searched till a very far location, yet experienced a sudden shock. He saw a silvery streak of light sweep past, flying rapidly into the distance.

It was the Cloud Piercing Shuttle!

‘That brat has appeared.’ Hu Feng’s eyes suddenly lit up, and he quickly went off in pursuit.

A golden pathway immediately appeared, and went off in pursuit of the Cloud Piercing Shuttle. The speed of it was even faster. A Saint had comprehended the highest level of Regulations of the heaven and earth, and it could be claimed that they were one with the heaven and earth. Only Saints could compete in speed with another Saint.

Xiu, in only three steps, Hu Feng had already caught up, but when he stretched out a hand to capture the Cloud Piercing Shuttle, he only caught empty air.

It had vanished again, the vessel and the passenger together.

Hu Feng felt a little driven mad. It was clear that the precious treasure was right in front of him, and the one who possessed it was merely in the low extreme of the Eternal River Tier. He obviously should be able to capture him just by stretching out his hand, yet why did he keep failing to do so?

This time, he simply sat down in a cross-legged position right then and there, and waited.

After a while, the Cloud Piercing Shuttle again appeared, yet it was a few hundred miles away—the strike he had sent out just now had given rise to a wave in the galaxy, and the Black Tower went with the flow, so it naturally “floated” very far away.

A golden pathway stretched out, and Hu Feng once again pursued, but when he caught up with it, the Cloud Piercing Shuttle had naturally vanished again.

“Ah!” He roared in fury, and only felt incredibly sullen. He was an honorable Saint that could overturn the seas and rivers with a single thought. A full-power attack from him, and even a Heavenly Body Tier would be shattered, yet he was actually unable to apprehend someone who was only in the low extreme of the Eternal River Tier all this while.

***

Within the Black Tower.

“What are you calling out for? I am also feeling very depressed,” Ling Han muttered in displeasure. Becoming the target of a Saint, he could only creep around like a snail. Going by this trend, when would he reach Cloud Apex Planet?

There was nothing to be done. Hu Feng presently was like a shark that had smelt blood, and would definitely keep chasing after him relentlessly.

‘Fine then. With a Saint targeting me, this pressure is heavy enough,’ Ling Han thought optimistically.

After a day of rest, his Origin Power had recovered, and he exited the Black Tower again. When Hu Feng caught up with him, he chose to confront the latter. After a consecutive two times, he hid once more into the Black Tower.

“Hu! Hu!” Ling Han panted heavily. “They both are Small Saints, yet the gap is truly big. I am sure that this Hu Feng would be able to defeat the Tranquil Heart Saint and the other Saints within 100 moves.”

“However, having a Saint pounding me into shape, my Origin Power has become increasingly compact, and this is indirectly improving my abilities.”

If this was another person, this definitely would be seeking death, but Ling Han was different. He had cultivated the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll, and was like a supreme Divine Metal. The more he was pressured and hammered, the sturdier he would become. Of course, the precondition was that it did not exceed his limits. Otherwise, that would really be seeking death.

And in this way, Ling Han would fight upfront with Hu Feng twice a day, and after every “battle”, he would experience some level of comprehension.

What Eternal River Tier could genuinely spar with a Saint every day? Putting aside the question of whether you could or not, what Saint would have so much free time on their hands?

The present situation was unique, and Hu Feng had become Ling Han’s best sparring partner.

After a month had passed, Ling Han actually managed to successfully endure three moves from Hu Feng!

Though he only managed to recover his injuries with the direct use of a drop of Indestructible True Fluid after this one move, it proved that Ling Han had obtained massive improvement—a month ago, it was definitely impossible for him to take three moves from Hu Feng.

This caused Hu Feng extreme shock. That rate of improvement was really too frightening; could it be that he would be personally bringing a monster into existence?

But it was impossible for him to simply turn around and leave!

A Celestial King technique, a Celestial Tool... Whichever of these two items was not something that he could simply give up. Even if he had to chase him to the corners of the universe, he was determined to apprehend Ling Han.

In any case, the latter had killed a member of the Hu Clan, and formed a relation of karma with them. No matter where he fled to, it would be useless. He would be able to find him!

Another three months passed, and Ling Han could already calmly take three moves from Hu Feng. Furthermore, he had also formed the final heavenly body, and reached the true peak stage of the low extreme.

On this day, he did not come out to fight with Hu Feng again. Instead, he went into isolation underneath the Reincarnation Tree to break through to the medium extreme.

He could give up whenever he wanted, but Hu Feng had to be completely focused. His divine sense was tense the whole day, and remained like that for a continuous several months. Even if he was a Saint, he was still slightly tired.

But the biggest problem here was that Ling Han had actually not appeared for a whole month’s time, which made him feel even worse.