Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1540 Enduring the heavenly tribulation, scaring you to death

On one hand, Hu Feng did not dare to relax at all, because it was possible that Ling Han could appear at any time; the initiative was in his hands. On the other, Ling Han’s disappearance caused him to feel anxious.

Could it be that... he had used some other method and fled?

The moment this thought came to him, he was burning with anxiety.

Thankfully, he knew how to predict. Ling Han had killed Hu Yingmu, and thus formed a relation of karma with the Hu Yingmu. It was so strong that even if there were a few hundred galaxies separating them, he could easily see the link of karma between them. However, the moment Ling Han vanished, the link of karma would also disappear with him, which was incredibly strange.

“Vanishing means that he is still in the Celestial Tool. I can still stand guard here and wait for him to reappear,” he said to himself, forcibly suppressing his unease.

Though he was a Saint, the time since he had formed his Dao was much, much too short. In terms of calmness, he naturally could not compare to the experienced veteran Saints. If it was Hu Luo, he would definitely not have any self-doubt, because he was sure that he was the strongest in the world, and no matter what Ling Han did, he would never be able to escape from his grasp.

Just when his worry became more and more serious, weng, an air of instability was sensed. Ling Han had finally reappeared.

“Hahaha!” Hu Feng laughed loudly, his heavy mood immediately vanished. With a step, he was already rushing towards Ling Han.

“Are you sure you want to do that?” Ling Han broke into a strange smile.

Peng!

He had taken a strike from Hu Feng head-on, and slid back a few hundred miles, yet a mass of dark clouds appeared in the galaxy in an incredibly strange manner, and shrouded the skies above his head.

Hu Feng suddenly stopped.

Heavenly tribulation!

Hiss, this guy went off into isolation for a month; so he had been breaking through to the medium extreme!

Hu Feng was really shocked. He had unlocked the barrier to the medium extreme of the Eternal River Tier in merely one month; was he even f****** human?

No, he could not allow this man to grow even further. Otherwise, this guy’s ability to resist blows would become more and more frightening, and his cultivation level would also become higher and higher. Perhaps one day he truly would become a match for him.

No matter the cost, he had to be killed!

His eyes turned cold, and he suddenly came to a decision.

He would kill Ling Han in the midst of the heavenly tribulation.

Though this would pull him into the heavenly tribulation as well, he had a drop of Saint King blood essence, which could allow him to possess the abilities of a Great Saint at his peak for a short period of time. Even with that, would he still be incapable of surviving the heavenly tribulation?

He was going to do it!

If he did not take this chance, Ling Han would become harder and harder to kill.

“Die!” He forcibly charged into the area enshrouded by the heavenly tribulation, and blasted out a punch at Ling Han.

He wanted to kill Ling Han; as for the treasures, he could simply search his soul. There was no need for him to be alive for that.

Ling Han broke into a grin, and mumbled, “You are the one who asked for this!” He channelled the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll and took another blow from Hu Feng, and in this manner, tribulation clouds also appeared above Hu Feng’s head.

Kuang!

Lightning bolts stuck down. The heavenly tribulation was not going to care, and was only intent on eliminating the person undergoing the heavenly tribulation.

Ling Han was unafraid. His Godly bones were about to reach Level 15, and he had also inscribed Level 15 killing formations; did he have to be afraid of heavenly tribulation that was merely in medium extreme level? However, he did not dare to shatter his Godly bones now to undergo tempering by the heavenly tribulation. After all, there was a Saint glaring at him like he was his prey.

But this time, Hu Feng himself was also being attacked by the heavenly tribulation. Lightning bolts fell quickly. They were 30,000 meters wide, and who knew how many hundred million miles they were long.

What he had to undergo was naturally the heavenly tribulation of a Saint. Furthermore, due to Ling Han’s strength, his heavenly tribulation would be considerably more frightening than any ordinary heavenly tribulation. Hu Feng forcibly interfered, so the heavenly tribulation he had to undergo would be further magnified on the basis of Ling Han’s own heavenly tribulation.

It would definitely be more frightening than the ordinary heavenly tribulation of other Saints!

Hu Feng’s face immediately paled. It was not that he had not undergone the saintly tribulation before, but compared to this, it was far too inferior.

Though his abilities had indeed considerably improved since that time, his improvement definitely was not that drastic!

It was that brat!

Hu Feng was shocked. Actually, the heavenly tribulation was the best proof of the potential that a cultivator had. When two heavenly tribulations were similarly on the level of the medium extreme of the Eternal River Tier, and mine was fiercer than yours, it clearly showed that the heaven and earth admitted that I posed a bigger threat, and it naturally proved that I was stronger.

He wanted to kill Ling Han at all costs, but the frightening lightning was already descending like a torrential gale. He could only use his full power to parry the striking lightning bolts. Though this heavenly tribulation was frightening, he was sure that he was completely capable of safely enduring it. There was no need for him to use the Saint King blood essence.

He had been guarding against the possibility that Ling Han might possess another drop of Saint King blood essence. Perhaps this was a trap that Ling Han had laid out for him, forcing him to use the Saint King blood essence. Ling Han could turn the tables around and hunt him down next.

This was his trump card. He definitely could not use it outside of a crucial time that meant life or death.

Thus, Hu Feng could no longer bother with attacking Ling Han, and focused his full concentration on receiving the heavenly tribulation.

Very soon, he was stunned.

Ling Han broke apart, and became multiple pieces.

‘This...!’

He was sure that it was definitely not the heavenly tribulation that struck Ling Han to pieces. Instead, he had taken the initiative to shatter his own Godly bones.

This was allowing his body to be tempered by the heavenly tribulation! F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

Freak!

Hu Feng suddenly could not accept this. He had never seen anyone undergo the heavenly tribulation in such a flamboyant manner; how were others supposed to endure this? Everyone had to prepare a good many years, and ensure that they had complete confidence before they would undergo the heavenly tribulation, but a great number of people would still die because of the heavenly tribulation.

And what about him? He just carelessly underwent the heavenly tribulation, and was even tempering his Godly bones like he was simply sunbathing.

This was a terrible danger!

Hu Feng’s heart was trembling violently. If Ling Han was allowed to escape this time, then the Eight Stones Forbidden Land would face a massive problem. If Ling Han became a Saint one day, he would definitely be the nightmare of all the Saints in the world.

That kind of man, was it even possible to kill him?

He gritted his teeth, and decided to use the Saint King blood essence. He would kill Ling Han at all costs.

Kuang!

The divine lightning fell like rain, completely submerging him. This tribulation was becoming more and more terrifying.

‘Damn it!’

Hu Feng cursed internally, and had no choice but to diffuse that drop of Saint King blood essence. Otherwise, it was really possible that he would be turned into nothing under the barrage of the heavenly tribulation. The heavenly tribulation did not care for the fact that a Saint like him represented the willpower of the heavenly tribulation. This was a blade in itself, only possessing the intent to kill.

“Break!” Hu Feng sent out a punch into the skies. At this moment, the might of a Saint King spread out. He possessed the strength of a Great Saint, and even a heavenly tribulation was no match for him.

But it was as if the heavenly tribulation had been angered. When the next bolt of lightning fell, it actually took the form of a human figure formed with lightning, rapidly blasting towards him.

Hu Feng shouted in fury, yet could not ignore this. Otherwise, if he was hit by the heavenly tribulation, it was possible that a wound to his great dao would be left on him, and it could be considered that he was done for in this lifetime.

Even if the lightning figure was no match for Hu Feng, and crumbled with a single strike, the heavenly tribulation was not a living being. Very soon, lightning reformed and again took the form of a human figure, continuing its barrage of attacks on Hu Feng.

Everyone knew that it was impossible for a heavenly tribulation to be dispelled. One could only endure and bear it until half a day passed, and it would be fine.

Hu Feng was tightly entangled with the lightning figure. Though his abilities were obviously stronger, the lightning figure was immortal. This vexed him deeply as he could not throw the latter off his tail at all.

Ling Han did not need the whole half day’s time to hammer his Godly bones; about four hours were enough. He channelled a drop of Indestructible True Fluid, and his shattered bones immediately rejoined. He was completely unhurt, and his vitality was even stronger than before.

He stood proudly like that in the empty void, raising his head to look at the heavenly tribulation. Allowing the heavenly tribulation to blast him, he observed and experienced the heavenly tribulation.

That kind of calmness compared to Hu Feng’s own sorry state made Hu Feng feel an even more explosive fury.