Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

1541 Decided, Going to the Netherworld

Hu Feng had enough reason to go crazy.

He had already used a drop of Saint King blood essence, but not only was he unable to apprehend Ling Han, he actually did not look as calm as the latter!

Who asked him to be strong in attack, but weak in physique?

The heavenly tribulation was extremely fast, and could only be blocked and not dodged. This decided that no matter how strong you were, you could only stay in a defensive position and submit to its barrage, which meant that his trait of being strong in attack was of completely no use here.

Half a day passed. Without a word, Ling Han threw out the Cloud Piercing Shuttle and fled.

Hu Feng was still undergoing the heavenly tribulation. He still had the end to undergo, and the Saint King blood essence was also completely consumed. He could only bear it head-on with his own abilities, which caused him to suffer very heavy injuries.

When the heavenly tribulation dispersed, he sat down in a cross-legged position at the first instant. He had to heal his injuries. Otherwise, if he travelled with this kind of injury, it would leave behind a massive weakness for him.

Ling Han had to die, but it did not mean that Hu Feng would have to throw his life into the bargain as well.

***

Ling Han turned around to take a look, and then turned back round indifferently.

The Heavenly River King was enemies with the Eight Stones Forbidden Land, but even the Heavenly River King did not request that he destroy the Forbidden Lands; he was only requested to kill the traitor, the Open Clouds King. However, having Hu Feng hunting him down all this way, Ling Han’s temper was naturally stoked.

He could ignore the other Forbidden Lands, but he was definitely going to raze the Eight Stones Forbidden Land to the ground.

F***, who did they think they were!

Steering the Cloud Piercing Shuttle, he headed rapidly in the direction of Cloud Apex Planet.

Why was he going to Cloud Apex Planet? Could it be that there was someone there that could match a Saint?

Of course not.

Ling Han was aiming to travel to the Two Realm Battlefield.

Indeed, he was going to travel through the Two Realm Battlefield and enter into the Netherworld.

This was the final conclusion he had reached after his discussion with the Star Sand Saint—as long as he was in the Immortal Realm, Ling Han would be forever hunted by the Eight Stones Forbidden Land.

What logic was it for him to stay on guard constantly against them?

Thus, Ling Han wanted to go to the Netherworld. The Netherworld had different Regulations from the Immortal Realm. Even if Saints went there, they would only have the power of a Saint there, and would not be able to channel the corresponding Regulations.

Thus, as long as he entered into the Netherworld, the Eight Stones Forbidden Land would not be able to predict his whereabouts.

And Ling Han... had obtained the Demonic Power Source, which could allow him to perfectly fit into the Netherworld. There was absolutely no need to worry that he would encounter the combined attacks of the cultivators from the Netherworld. Additionally, Ling Han was actually not too far from the Saint Tier. He should also consider fusing the Regulations of the two Realms to reach a higher peak.

Then he should use this event as an opportunity to set off on his travels to the Netherworld.

“When I return, I will definitely destroy you all!” Ling Han muttered in displeasure. In any case, the galactic coordinates had already been set, so he simply entered into the Black Tower. In this manner, even if Hu Feng recovered from his injuries, he would not be able to predict his whereabouts. At most, he could only find his current location.

He began to inscribe new formation patterns on his Godly bones.

Before leaving, he had prepared himself adequately. Naturally, he had long since chosen a Level 16 killing formation.

...Limitless Nine Deaths Formation.

Among Level 16 killing formations, it ranked number one!

Too bad, he did not have any Saint-grade formation in his possession. Without reaching Saint Tier, there was no way for him to practice such formations. Even if he forcibly inscribed the formation patterns, it would be useless. He would not be able to draw on the resonance with the power of the heaven and earth, and release its true might from that.

He would just have to deal with it when he reached that point.

Underneath the Reincarnation Tree, Ling Han earnestly cultivated. After spending close to a whole year, he finally comprehended the formation fully, and then began to inscribe the formation patterns on his Godly bones.

One, two, three... the Limitless Nine Deaths Formation had a total of 1080 formation patterns, and even one in the consummate level of the Eternal River Tier would not be able to inscribe this formation in his body. Firstly, there were too many variables at play, and it would be difficult to control it. Secondly, his body would not be able to bear it. Before the killing formation killed others, it would wound the user first. This was practically self-torture.

However, Ling Han was different. The Reincarnation Tree had given him enough time for comprehension, and the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll allowed him to have sturdy Godly bones, which enabled him to accomplish a grand feat that others could not possibly accomplish.

He merely used 21 days, and inscribed 11 Limitless Nine Deaths Formations in his body.

11, not 10!

The Nine Heavens Flame had become stronger and stronger. Thus, it allowed him to inscribe formation patterns on his Godly bones with even thinner “brush strokes”. Hence, even though the Limitless Nine Deaths Formation had higher requirements, Ling Han still inscribed even more killing formations than before.

If it had been the Blood Crow Formation at present, he probably should’ve been able to inscribe 20-odd such formations.

After such a long time, the Cloud Piercing Shuttle naturally had long arrived at Cloud Apex Planet. It sank to the bottom of an ocean. Ling Han, the Empress, and the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden exited the Black Tower, stored the Cloud Piercing Shuttle away, and headed towards the Two Realm Battlefield.

Close to two years had passed, and the two women had also made much improvement.

Needless to say, the Empress with her supreme Divine Fetus, which was even more awesome than Gu Daoyi’s had been, had advanced another step further in less than two years. She had already arrived at the late stage of the medium extreme of the Eternal River Tier, and further enlarged the distance between her and Ling Han.

The Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden was not outdone, either. In future, her accomplishments would definitely be incapable of comparing to a Divine Fetus, but now that she had gained the inheritance of three Saint Kings, her bloodline had been greatly improved. She, too, had advanced into the peak stage of the medium extreme of the Eternal River Tier.

“We have to rush. That maniac should catch up in a few days,” Ling Han said.

The two women nodded.

At the same time, in the far off galaxy, Hu Feng, who was presently sitting in a cross-legged position, suddenly opened his eyes. He could see the link of karma again. However, after being washed by the heavenly tribulation, this link of karma had already become extremely pale. It would probably completely vanish if Ling Han underwent another heavenly tribulation.

Enduring the heavenly tribulation meant being reborn, a complete transformation, so it naturally would wash away one’s previous karma.

There was nowhere for him to run!

Hu Feng took a step. The golden pathway stretched out, and quickly rushed in the direction of Cloud Apex Planet.

The journey would take four days; he had calculated it.

Ling Han and his group were travelling towards the Two Realm Battlefield. After advancing into the Eternal River Tier, their speed was naturally shocking. In merely one day, they had once more returned to this place. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

In this place, they had left behind many memories, and the strongest was naturally Ding Zizhen who had spent who knew how many hundred million years to lay out a fatal trap to revive his daughter, but in the end, his daughter had immediately committed suicide right after she had been revived.

“Let’s go see the Purple Moon Divine Maiden,” Ling Han suggested. She had taken much care of the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden.

However, to avoid dragging the Purple Moon Divine Maiden into this matter as well, Ling Han did not accompany the other two. Instead, he had the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden and Empress Luan Xing go together. Aside from that, he had long since refined the Level 15 Divine Pill that the Purple Moon Divine Maiden had requested, and he brought it along with him. This was considered repayment for her favor.

The favor was repaid, but it did not mean they were no longer friends. If the Purple Moon Divine Maiden was in trouble, Ling Han would still be willing to lend a helping hand.

The two women did not dare to take too much time, and returned after only taking four hours.

“Lady Purple Moon told me to thank you on her behalf,” the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden said. Ling Han being so serious about this matter was naturally because she was involved, and this made her feel a sweetness rise up in her heart.

Meanwhile, Ling Han leaned close to her ear, and whispered, “Then shall we unlock a new position tonight?”

The Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden rolled her eyes at him. This bad guy kept thinking of new ways to play with her. Wasn’t she just slightly fierce to him in the past? Why did he have to keep remembering it and keep it in mind constantly? He was really petty!

However, the moment she turned around, she lowered her head slightly, a rosy blush coloring her cheeks, and nodded almost indiscernibly.

Ling Han couldn’t help but laugh.