Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1542 - First arrived

1542 First arrived

Ling Han and his group did not waste any time. They entered into the Two Realm Battlefield, and headed in the direction of the Netherworld.

Ling Han was not the only one. Both Empress Luan Xing and the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden aimed to enter into the Celestial Realm, so they naturally could not simply aim for becoming Saints. Thus, the two women also had to enter into the Netherworld to experience the different Regulations of the heaven and earth. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

They were the advance party. In the future, the Rain Emperor, Ding Ping, and the others would also enter into the Netherworld. Of course, if Ling Han’s rate of cultivation was fast enough, he would be able to draw them all into the Black Tower and take them with him into the Celestial Realm.

The Regulations of the Celestial Realm were complete, so there was no need for them to comprehend on both ends.

The group of three traveled, and gradually advanced deeper into the Netherworld. After entering a certain area, there were fewer and fewer cultivators from the Immortal Realm. On the contrary, there were more and more cultivators of the Netherworld. This meant that they were close to entering into the Netherworld.

This was very apparent. At first, the three of them had looked normal, yet now there were flames of light bursting skywards from them. The farther they traveled, the more obvious these flames of light were. It was practically like a sun in the midst of darkness.

Furthermore, this was unrelated to cultivation level. The flames of light Ling Han and his group exuded were of the same brightness, and the fact that Ling Han and the Empress were both in the Eternal River Tier did not make any difference.

“Yi, people from the Immortal Realm!” A Netherworld cultivator appeared, and approached them with a quick stride. Now that they were here, it was the people from the Netherworld that looked very normal instead. They no longer had that evil aura that surged up into the skies.

This was a Heavenly Body Tier elite. He should have just recently advanced into this level as his aura was still not very stable. He was also considerably young, a prideful expression on his face. There were pitifully few that had advanced into the Heavenly Body Tier at such a young age like him!

This naturally was something to be proud of. After all, the overall level of cultivation in this galaxy was not the highest level. A Heavenly Body Tier absolutely was capable of being considered an elite.

His eyes swept over the Empress, and a stunned expression involuntarily appeared on his face.

So beautiful!

Because the other party was from the Immortal Realm, he naturally did not have the slightest reservations. He directly leaped over, and stretched out a hand to grab the Empress. Ling Han and his group had all curbed their aura, and he could not estimate the cultivation levels of these three people, but in his opinion, what kind of elite could actually appear in this battlefield?

The reason why he had come here was because he had broken through to the Heavenly Body Tier, and he was here to show off a bit, and strut around in front of his rivals from the past. Otherwise, wouldn’t it be like wearing richly embroidered clothes in the dark?

Killing intent immediately leaked out from the Empress. There was only one man in this world that could touch her, but it was definitely not this person in front of her!

Yet Ling Han moved before she did, and slapped him repeatedly with both hands.

Pa, pa, pa, pa. In an instant, he had struck the other a few dozen times, and the man was completely knocked unconscious from the barrage.

“Let’s go. There is no need to drop down to the level of this kind of person,” Ling Han said with a smile.

“En!” The Empress naturally listened to Ling Han.

Ling Han channelled the Demonic Power Source, and his aura immediately changed. The flames of light faded at a visible rate, and there was not the slightest bit difference between him and a person of the Netherworld anymore.

The Empress and the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden did not have that kind of ability. To avoid trouble, they thus entered the Black Tower, and the Asura Demon Emperor appeared in their place.

“My great Master, this Little Asura misses you dearly!” The Asura Demon Emperor immediately started to flatter him like crazy, yet he quickly paused. “T-t-t-t-this is the Netherworld!”

He had actually returned to his homeland!

“My great Master, have you come to conquer the Netherworld?” He was excited, and couldn’t hold back from wanting to make threatening gestures, and become a lackey that used his powerful connection as an intimidation tactic.

“Conquer your head, we are here to take refuge.” Ling Han gave him a kick.

“Master, who is hunting us down?” the Asura Demon Emperor immediately asked cautiously.

“Just a Saint,” Ling Han said, playing down the level of danger they were in.

Pu!

The Asura Demon Emperor immediately spluttered. Saint, and he said just? ‘Master, you have already reached a level that even this Little Asura would break my neck just to look up at you.’

“Let’s go!” Ling Han drew out the Cloud Piercing Shuttle, and chose a random direction. Though a Saint could not easily make a prediction here, Saints were still too strong. Their divine sense could wrap around a whole planet. He had no wish to be found by Hu Feng.

Moreover, he was not merely here to take refuge. He also wanted to cultivate in the Netherworld, so he naturally had to go to various places in the Netherworld. The overall level of cultivation here was slightly lower, and they didn’t even have any Saints. If he stayed here, all he could do was just trample some profligate young masters.

It was quite fun to do something like that occasionally, but if it was done too frequently, it would become boring.

Trampling prodigies was more interesting.

He did not have a clear destination, either, and allowed the Cloud Piercing Shuttle to travel quickly in the galaxy. Actually, there was no real difference between the galaxies of the Immortal Realm and the Netherworld. Only the Regulations of the heaven and earth were different, which led to a slight variation in the cultivation world of both Realms.

But in truth, this was merely different means of achieving the same end.

Ling Han and his group were all experiencing the Regulations of the Netherworld. After coming to this place, they were no longer able to draw upon the Regulations that they had initially grasped. They only had useless Tools and power that corresponded to their cultivation level. This was equivalent to cultivating from the very beginning again.

Thankfully, the Black Tower was really a precious treasure. Whichever Realm it was in, it could fit in. As long as Ling Han was willing, the Regulations of the Netherworld could continuously enter into the Black Tower, so it was the same as actually being in the Netherworld.

Ling Han and his group were all comprehending Dao underneath the Reincarnation Tree. They wanted to cultivate the Regulations of the Netherworld as soon as possible, for only then would they be able to fit in better into the Netherworld. Furthermore, without the support of this kind of Regulations, they would not be able to show the abilities that they should possess, either.

Underneath the Reincarnation Tree, their rate of advancement was too fast. They improved with every instant. After all, their cultivation levels were still very high.

***

Hu Feng was only more than a day later than them. He, too, arrived at the Two Realm Battlefield, and his brow involuntarily wrinkled in a frown. He immediately understood Ling Han’s intention.

The latter planned to flee into the Netherworld. In that way, he would not be able to predict his whereabouts anymore, because the Regulations of the heaven and earth were different.

He couldn’t help but smirk. This was indeed not a bad idea. However, this brat still had a link of karma with the Hu Clan. This would not simply disperse just because he had entered into the Netherworld! If Ling Han was a Saint, and had even cultivated a certain secret technique, he would be able to see the link of karma and sever it easily. This was not any kind of impressive means in the Celestial Realm, but in the Immortal Realm? Hoho.

Moreover, Ling Han still had a very long way to go before reaching the Saint Tier. Otherwise, what need was there for him to run?

He pondered this as he strolled slowly in the Two Realm Battlefield. He was following the link of karma that Ling Han had left behind.

Soon after, he saw a man that had been knocked out. He stretched out his hand, and the latter immediately regained consciousness with a wave.

That naturally was the unfortunate guy that Ling Han had knocked unconscious. His line of thought was still paused on the moment he had fallen unconscious. The moment he woke up, he loudly roared, “How dare you; you actually dare sneak up and attack your Lord Jia, take this!”

He clearly knew that Ling Han and his group were stronger than him, but he was not afraid. That was because this was the territory of the Netherworld, so how could he appear weak?

How dared the trash from the Immortal Realm come here and act arrogant?

He shot out a palm that struck towards Hu Feng.

‘Yi, why is it not the three people from before? Forget it, who cares.’

In any case, they were all people from the Immortal Realm, so he would beat him all the same!

Hu Feng was involuntarily startled. What was going on here? Not only did a mere Eternal River Tier like Ling Han dare to go against him, even a Heavenly Body Tier dared to slap him now? Did he not see that he was a Saint? Though he had always liked to put on a mask of amicability, this did not mean that he really did not have the airs of a Saint.

Could it be that he had been in the Forbidden Land for too long, and the whole world had changed without his knowledge?