Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1543 A forthright person

Pa!Hu Feng slapped that unfortunate fool, causing the latter to spin a few circles in one spot, becoming completely dizzy.

“You should have seen this man.” With a wave of his hand, Hu Feng used his Origin Power to condense into Ling Han’s appearance. It was very life-like. For a Saint, this was naturally an easy trick. “Describe in detail your encounter with him.”

Though he thought that Ling Han wanted to flee into the Netherworld, it was still possible that the latter was deliberately misleading him. Thus, he absolutely had to confirm it. After all, when he entered into the Netherworld, he would not be able to channel the Regulations of the Immortal Realm, and his strength would fall greatly.

It should be known that outside of Regulations, a Saint was not much different from an Eternal River Tier. Their power originated from the number of heavenly bodies they possessed. In theory, an Eternal River Tier could even surpass a Saint in the number of heavenly bodies.

Hu Feng had no choice but to be cautious. After entering into the Netherworld, he was no longer a Saint. Instead, he would be a high level Eternal River Tier.

That unfortunate guy was also secretly cursing his bad luck. What was going on here? He was an elite of the Heavenly Body Tier here; why was it he was no match for anyone he came up against? Was there any justice left in this world? But when he saw how Hu Feng’s eyes had turned ice cold, he hurriedly related his encounter with Ling Han and his group from the very beginning to the end.

Actually, this was really very simple.

Hu Feng turned around to leave. That unfortunate guy was just about to breathe a sigh of relief when his whole body suddenly exploded and became innumerable pieces.

“He should have gone to the Netherworld. Let me check the link of karma.”

He entered into the Netherworld, his whole figure radiating flames of light like the sun. He could be seen from at least 10,000 miles away; he was too dazzling and bright. In merely a short while, a great many people had charged over, all of them looking hostile.

A man of the Immortal Realm actually dared barge in all alone; was he tired of life already?

Hu Feng smiled slightly, his smile amiable. “I am looking for a person. None should come and disturb me. Otherwise, I would not mind committing mass murder.” In his eyes, whether it was the Immortal Realm or the Netherworld, all living beings were incredibly lowly. No matter how many he killed, it was nothing to him.

“Insolent freak from the Immortal Realm, you come to our Netherworld and actually still dare boast shamelessly. You are an intolerable bully!” These people all moved, beginning to attack Hu Feng.

Hu Feng’s expression became cold. With a wave of his right hand, all of them were suddenly ground into a shower of blood.

He could no longer predict Ling Han’s whereabouts, but the link of karma was still present. However, after he pursued for a while, this link also snapped.

“No matter where you are, I will find you!” Hu Feng did not rashly pursue. Otherwise, it could be an action that defeated his purpose. It would allow the distance between the two of them to become even farther.

Ling Han had to think that he was unable to predict his whereabouts, yet did not know that the link of karma still existed. Hence, Ling Han would definitely be careless, and think that he had thrown him off his tail. Then, when he next appeared, it would be the time for him to deliver a fatal strike.

He would no longer proceed with great fanfare, but would rather quietly approach, and then deliver a strike that would kill him.

However, he was also slightly anxious because a man from the Immortal Realm entering into the Netherworld was practically a living target. He was really too obvious. Hopefully, Ling Han would not be killed by someone from the Netherworld. Otherwise, he would really have no idea where he should find the Celestial King technique and the Celestial Tool.

***

Under the Reincarnation Tree, Ling Han and his group had already undergone a long period of seclusion. They had tentatively grasped the Regulations of the Netherworld.

Bloodline was one aspect of it, and physique was another, but this would only allow cultivators to stand at a higher starting point, and start off with a faster dash. However, the true weapon that could allow one to ascend the path of cultivation was actually comprehension ability.

At this moment, it could not be more obvious.

Three years later, Ling Han’s grasp of the Regulations of the Netherworld had already advanced into the middle stage of the low extreme of the Eternal River Tier, and the Limitless Nine Deaths Formation was not affected by the Regulations of the two Realms. If this formation was activated, he could even kill an elite at the peak stage of the consummate level of the Eternal River Tier. Only someone who had cultivated the pinnacle level could be a match for him.

The Empress was slightly inferior, but she had also reached the early stage of the low extreme of the Eternal River Tier. Meanwhile, the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden was much more inferior, and only reached the late stage of the Sun Moon Tier. Though she had gained the inheritance of three Saint Kings, the three True Phoenixes were also Saint Kings of the Immortal Realm, and were not versed in the Regulations of the Netherworld.

Ling Han concluded his period of cultivation, and walked out of the Black Tower. He saw that the Cloud Piercing Shuttle had already brought them to a completely unfamiliar area of the universe. Nearby, there was a sun that was radiating fiery flames. This was a galaxy.

There were signs of life.

The Cloud Piercing Shuttle moved again, and soon landed on a star[1]. There was dense Spiritual Qi in this place, the kind that was enough to allow Saints to appear.

Though Empress Luan Xing and the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden had both tentatively grasped some Regulations of the Netherworld, they both decided to earnestly cultivate inside the Black Tower. No matter what, they still had to catch up in cultivation level.

Thus, Ling Han was all alone, and traveled all by himself in this completely unfamiliar world.

He curbed his aura, and seemed no different from an ordinary person. However, from the fact that every step he took would let him traverse more than 1,000 miles, one would know that it was absolutely impossible that he was an ordinary person.

After traveling for a while, he smelt an aroma wafting over to him. As a true glutton, he was sure that this was coming from someone who was presently roasting meat. Furthermore, the ingredients used were extremely first-class. He couldn’t help but change direction, and was drawn by the aroma.

The source was really not very far off. Otherwise, the aroma could not have possibly wafted into his nostrils. Underneath a huge tree, there was presently a large man who was roasting meat.

The large man looked very much like a savage. His upper body was bare, and his lower body only had a short animal hide wrapped around him. His arms and legs were so wide that he was practically like a wild elephant. Placed on the grill were three animals that looked very much like chickens. Fat was currently dripping off from them, and the sight of them was already appetizing enough.

Ling Han was slightly surprised because this huge man was very strong. He was also in the Eternal River Tier!

Was it that the overall level of cultivation here was so high that there were many Eternal River Tiers, or it just so happened that he met one of the few?

Ling Han’s appetite was stoked, and he unreservedly asked, “Brother, could you share one with me?”

The huge man also discovered Ling Han’s presence. He broke into a grin, and said, “All right!”

Ling Han rubbed his hands together, and sat down by the fireside.

Upon a closer look, he couldn’t help but be even more surprised, because the wood used to start the fire was also not that ordinary. It was definitely divine wood that was above Level 10. Usually, it should be used for alchemy as it could supply the powerful flames necessary, but now was actually used to roast meat... if an alchemist saw this, he would definitely scold him for being a spendthrift.

Though Ling Han was an alchemist, he was even more certain that he was a qualified glutton. Thus, he did not feel the slightest bit of pity at all. Instead, he was filled with high spirits because if this needed the fire that was supplied from divine wood, would the meat that was being roasted be any ordinary kind of meat?

“I am Ling Han,” he said.

“Gou Li.” The large man turned the stick that was roasting the meat in a well-practiced manner. His expression was focused, which filled Ling Han with a quiet respect—this was a true glutton. They were kindred spirits.

In a short while, the roast meat was finally ready. Gou Li generously gave a roast chicken, or some kind of bird, to Ling Han, and Ling Han drew out a pot of fine wine. It was brewed from the various fruits grown in the Black Tower, added with some Reincarnation Tree leaves, and could be considered a precious treasure in itself. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Gou Li was not reserved, either. He drew out a bowl, and after Ling Han filled it to the brim, he immediately took a generous gulp. He was actually not worried that Ling Han had poisoned the wine. He was honest to the point of being a little foolish.

Ling Han, too, ate and drank generously.

Yi, this meat was really very delicious. It was definitely a Divine Beast with an extremely high grade. It was filled with divine essence, and was extremely nutritious.

This Gou Li was really forthright. He actually shared such valuable meat with a stranger without the slightest bit of hesitation.

“Insolent thief, you dare to eat our Green Treasure Chicken!” Right at this moment, a young girl charged out, wielding a sword in hand with an icy expression on her pretty face.

Ling Han suddenly paused.

F***, what forthright man? This Gou Li was actually a chicken thief!

[1] Probably referring to a planet, those are similar in Chinese.