Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1549 Regulations of the Two Realms

The treasure bottle glowed, and pressed down on Ling Han, filled with frightening destructive power.

The Regulations of the Netherworld were inclined towards death and destruction in the first place. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Ling Han raised his hand casually to parry the attack, yet his mind was presently experiencing the Regulations of the Netherworld.

He had a kind of awareness that if he could simultaneously grasp the Regulations of both the Netherworld and the Immortal Realm, his battle prowess would be massively increased. This was like Yin and Yang. Whichever was lacking, it would be incomplete, and once it was completed, the improvement of one’s might was definitely not as ordinary as merely doubling it.

However, doing it was far from being as simple as saying it.

Ling Han discovered that he was forgetting the Regulations of the Immortal Realm!

The Regulations that were already grasped could actually be forgotten?

No, no, no, it was not that Ling Han was forgetting them, but rather that the heaven and earth of the Netherworld was wearing away at the Regulations of the Immortal Realm he had grasped. Being complete opposites to each other, they were completely incompatible, and could not coexist at all. Thus, if one wanted to stay in the Netherworld, his Regulations of the Immortal Realm would have to be erased.

However, in the Black Tower, this kind of situation did not appear. Ling Han only realized suddenly that the Regulations of the Immortal Realm he had grasped were being worn away in these last few days.

No wonder there had not been any Saint that managed to ascend into the Celestial Realm for so long; that was because the heaven and earth themselves did not allow it!

Yet Ling Han still had a sliver of hope.

Because he had the Black Tower!

The Black Tower could extract the Regulations of the two Realms for Ling Han to study, but it was not affected by any Regulations by itself, or it should be said that it was only affected by the Regulations of the Black Tower itself, and that was inside the Black Tower, where it was the most powerful!

Thus, it could easily suppress the Regulations of the two Realms, so they could be studied yet would not be hostile towards each other.

Yi, in that case, these two sets of Regulations actually could coexist?

Ling Han sank into deep thought. Bang, bang, bang. In that moment of distraction, he was instantly blasted solidly by the treasure bottle. Then, his astonishing physique showed its might. He was only bounced back and forth like a pellet, but to wound him? It was difficult.

Presently, only battle prowess on the level of the consummate level of the Eternal River Tier could barely wound Ling Han, and they would have to use Regulations as support and slowly refine him. One was dreaming if he wanted to use pure force to penetrate Ling Han’s defenses.

The current Ling Han only feared a Saint.

“You...” Bei Kai was almost going crazy. He could clearly sense that Ling Han had been distracted. No, it was nothing as simple as being distracted—he was practically allowing his thoughts to wander, and did not take him seriously at all. It was as if he was... comprehending some kind of cultivation technique.

Right, that was how arrogant he was being!

Just how much were you looking down on me? You actually dared to be so distracted when you were fighting me?

Bei Kai roared in fury. This time, he was really angered. It was not as simple as getting revenge on behalf of Zhu Xuan anymore. Instead, a strong dislike had risen up in him against Ling Han. Even if he didn’t kill the latter, he would at least have to leave behind a deeply ingrained lesson for him.

Using his full battle prowess, his furious attacks were all poured out on Ling Han.

The battle prowess of a king tier using his full might was really frightening, and those who were watching were all incredibly stunned. Even Zhu Xuan was slightly surprised. This battle prowess was really impressive. However, what caused them to be even more speechless was Ling Han. Though he was being blasted back and forth, he still did not have the slightest injury on him. That unperturbed look was practically driving them crazy.

“Thankfully, I did not start a fight with this Filth King, he’s a f****** freak!” Gou Li mumbled. He barely crawled out of the stone hole. “I come from the wild, and not only do I possess the bloodline of three primitive beasts, I have bathed in the blood of many beasts since childhood, so my physique is incredibly strong, but compared to him, I might as well be made of tofu!”

“I’m about to go crazy; just what level of defense is that?” someone exclaimed in shock, grabbing their head.

“...Definitely a freakish level!” The others shook their heads. Those who had previously thought of robbing Ling Han obediently dismissed this idiotic idea.

Yet Ling Han’s mind was really wandering away.

Since the two types of Regulations could coexist, why couldn’t they be merged?

It was said that one could only break through to the Celestial Realm by grasping the Regulations of the two Realms. If so, wouldn’t fusing them together be even better?

This thought flashed in his mind, and he could no longer control it.

He tried to merge the simplest Regulations, beginning from the Mountain River Tier. Cultivators were both cultivating Origin Power and Regulations, so the Regulations they could grasp at the Mountain River Tier were also the simplest and easiest. With Ling Han’s level now, he could easily analyze them.

But while they were simple, it was a dead end if he wanted to merge the simplest Regulations of the two Realms.

One was black while the other was white, one was water and the other was fire... so how was he supposed to merge them together?

They were complete opposites. One represented Destruction, and the other represented Creation. In their essence, they were completely contrary to each other. If they were fused together, they would definitely be out of place. What might would they still have?

Yet Ling Han had stubbornness that would cause him to go down a dead end. How could he give up so easily? He tried out various methods, and continuously allowed his thoughts to fly. This might be a path that had never been walked by others before, so how could it be easily done?

After a whole day and night had passed, Bei Kai was starting to become afraid.

He had used all the secret techniques that he could use, and had even used a few super powerful moves, the kind that needed a long time to accumulate energy. Ling Han did not react at all, so he naturally did not have to worry about being interrupted.

Still, there were no effects at all, and this human in front of him seemed to possess an indestructible body.

He was about to cry already. He had never attacked as much as he liked in battle like this, yet he was getting more and more panicky on the inside.

Finally, he stopped, looked guiltily at Zhu Xuan, and then said, “Fairy Zhu, I, my skill is not proficient enough, I have disappointed you!”

No one was jeering at him. It was not that Bei Kai was not strong enough, but rather that Ling Han was really too freakish. They had never seen anyone that could cultivate their physique to this terrifying extent.

Meanwhile, Zhu Xuan nodded her head, and though the gaze she directed at Ling Han was still filled with hatred, there was also a bit of curiosity in her gaze. Even the daughter of a Demon Master like herself was emotionally stirred by this kind of physique, and her interest was piqued.

Naturally, the look in her eyes had been noticed by a great many people, and they couldn’t help but feel resentment secretly.

This was too dangerous; if a woman became curious about a man, that meant that it was highly possible that she would fall in love with him!

She was the daughter of a Demon Master, the goddess in all of their hearts. They dreamt of obtaining her hand in marriage even in their sleep.

Everyone was filled with so much resentment that they wanted to take a few bites out of Ling Han, but this was only limited to their own thoughts. If they really did take a few bites out of him, that would probably lead to them breaking their teeth off in the process.

Inside the Black Tower, Small Tower solidified its form, and trembled slightly. “This brat actually realized that the Regulations of the two Realms can be merged. Not bad, not bad, I thought that I would have to point it out to him when he reached the Saint Tier.

“Fine then, I’ll give him a helping hand. No matter what, he is still my master.”

This proud Tower said thus. It stimulated the Reincarnation Tree to burst in might inside Ling Han’s body,

In the outside world, time passed as usual, but to Ling Han’s mind, it was as if he had left his physical body, and entered another world where time was endlessly slowed down.

A clear awareness rose up in Ling Han’s heart, but he couldn’t grasp it no matter how much he tried. It was clearly right in front of him, yet seemed very far from his grasp, making him feel like he was about to go crazy. He was chasing it all the way like that, his divine sense flying away endlessly, and entering the deepest level of meditation.

After an unknown period of time passed, his body suddenly trembled; couldn’t he just rip a tear into space and directly reach it? Why did he have to chase from behind so dumbly?

With this thought, everything suddenly became clear to him.

Who said that Creation and Destruction could not coexist?

Wasn’t everything in the world created? But it would eventually be destroyed, and destruction was not eternal, either. Sooner or later, a new world would be reborn from destruction.