Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

1550 Fusing the Regulations, the Light of Dao appears again

It could be fused, but it was not a simple merging, and forcibly squeezing them together, but was a loop.

Ling Han thought of all the living things of the heaven and earth.

Plants grew, and would be eaten by cattle and sheep. For plants, this was destruction, but for cattle and sheep, this was the continuation of life. And livestock would also encounter the attacks of fierce beasts like wolves and tigers. The death of cattle and sheep then represented the continuation of life for wolves and tigers.

Life and death, destruction and creation. Ling Han’s enlightenment continued.

Weng, his body began to glow.

Pu!

When those around him saw this, they all spluttered, all of them watching with open-mouthed shock.

“Light of Dao!”

“This is the f***** Light of Dao!”

“F*ck!”

They were about to go crazy. Was there such a freak? Being continuously beaten, he actually went on to comprehend Dao. Moreover, he actually succeeded, gained the approval of the heavens, and received a boost from the Light of Dao.

This was approval from the heaven and earth!

Ordinarily, only those who had created a completely new technique would gain the approval of the heavens, and the Light of Dao would descend on them. This was not something as simple as being approved of; it also had great benefits.

The approval of the heaven and earth by itself was a kind of reward!

Envy! Jealousy!

Zhu Xuan’s eyes shone even brighter. At this moment, she completely did not think that Ling Han was a chicken thief! How could an extraordinary genius that could gain the approval of the heaven and earth be a pilfering thief?

What a joke, it must all have been the fault of that Gou Li. Ling Han was the one who had appeared in the wrong place at the wrong time.

No, he should have appeared at the right place at the right time. Otherwise, how could she have met him?

Zhu Xuan couldn’t help but blush rosily, looking very beautiful and alluring.

Oh no!

When those gathered saw this scene, they were all sighing sorrowfully on the inside. This was obviously the show of a maiden who had fallen in love. Sigh, a wonderful goddess was won just like that.

Ling Han sat down in a cross-legged position without being aware of it. The enlightenment of Creation and Destruction not being opposites to each other was only the beginning, allowing him to know how to fuse the Regulations of the two Realms, but how exactly it was to be known would still have to be done through practice, and there was much difficulty ahead.

But the hardest step was already resolved. Next, it was only a matter of time, and with the Reincarnation Tree, Ling Han really did not lack time.

He suddenly opened his eyes. Xiu, all the Light of Dao actually sank into his eyes, making his eyes seem as if they had endless depth, and one would very easily lose themselves as they gazed into his eyes.

That was the Light of Dao!

Ling Han’s eyes swept over the scene, and he couldn’t help but be surprised. He had clearly comprehended Dao for at least a few hundred years, yet why did everything here seem like it was just yesterday? He had not entered into the Black Tower... hold on! A thought flashed in his mind, and he asked, “Small Tower, was it your doing?”

“I was in a good mood, so I helped you a bit. No need to thank me, I am still regretting it!” Small Tower immediately retorted proudly.

F***, this guy really had a tough mouth. It was clearly helping, yet could still infuriate him to the extreme.

Ling Han ignored this proud Tower, and his eyes focused on Bei Kai instead. With a smile, he said, “Apologies, I was distracted just now. Come, let’s continue the battle.”

To hell with continuing the battle!

Bei Kai shook his head repeatedly. Ling Han’s battle prowess was definitely not weak, but his physique was strong to an irresolvable extent. Fighting with him would only depress him, and cause him to doubt himself.

Ling Han ignored his refusal, and rushed out directly, shooting out a fist in a fierce punch.

What a joke. Just now, if I had said I did not want to fight, would you have stopped? Since that was the case, why should I be concerned about your opinion?

Bei Kai had no choice, and could only fight back.

But he had never imagined that Ling Han’s battle prowess would actually soar to an inconceivable height all of a sudden. Previously, he could already counter once for every few dozen moves, but what was this now called? He was no match for even a Sun Moon Tier!

No, no, no, not just a Sun Moon Tier, even Mountain River Tiers that were in a slightly higher level would be stronger than him.

“You dare humiliate me thus?” Bei Kai was furious. It was one matter for me to be unable to harm you, but you were using such fancy, impractical skills to fight me; just how far were you looking down on me? You could kill a man, but should not humiliate him, what more when he was a king tier!

“How dare you!” He attacked madly, his fury rising to the point of madness.

In truth, Ling Han did not really mean to humiliate him. It was because he was presently channelling the Regulations of the two Realms, and was in anxious need to test them out in battle so he could stabilize and improve on them further.

Because he had merely fused a little bit of the Regulations of the Mountain River Tier, this naturally did not have very much power. Yet Ling Han was pleasantly surprised. After fusing the Regulations of the two Realms, the power had been increased tenfold!

This also meant that once he completely fused the Regulations of the two Realms, merely that would allow him to be stronger than other king tiers by a whole star of battle prowess.

They were all king tiers, so could this difference of a star of battle prowess be overlooked?

Moreover, after fusing the Regulations of the two Realms, this new set of Regulations would no longer be worn away by the heaven and earth of the Netherworld, because it also contained the Regulations of the Netherworld, or they would naturally be erasing themselves. Similarly, even if Ling Han returned to the Immortal Realm, the heaven and earth of the Immortal Realm would obviously not erase this new set of Regulations, either.

This was the correct path!

Ling Han laughed loudly, exploding in a burst of his “full” battle prowess, which he blasted at Bei Kai.

Everyone was struck speechless. If one were to claim that Ling Han had been deliberately pretending, he really did not look like he had been putting on an act. But if one was to claim that he only had that little bit of battle prowess... then all those in the Eternal River Tier could directly go and commit suicide.

An extreme of strength and weakness appeared in the same person. Furthermore, the two extremes were actually harmonious with each other. This was really incomprehensible and unimaginable.

However, Ling Han was continuously becoming stronger. After all, it was only the Regulations of the Mountain River Tier. The level he was at now was too high; he merely had to spend a little more time, and he would be able to fuse these Regulations together.

Most importantly, with the support of the Reincarnation Tree, his thoughts were racing on a higher level.

The Mountain River Tier, Sun Moon Tier, Heavenly Body Tier!

Everyone was witnessing with their own eyes how Ling Han’s battle prowess was endlessly becoming stronger, which struck them speechless. Ling Han must have been playing with Bei Kai. You f****** just drew out the Light of Dao, so you must have cultivated an inconceivably great Mystical Power. How could you possibly have been that weak?

Only Ling Han himself was aware that he had indeed not been playing around with Bei Kai. Instead, he had treated the latter like a sparring partner. Otherwise, without testing it out in true battle, he could not possibly have improved so quickly.

In the end, his battle prowess had once again entered into the Eternal River Tier, but after he reached this level, Ling Han could not advance further.

That was because he had only grasped so much of the Regulations of the Netherworld, and no longer had any way to fuse them with the Regulations of the Immortal Realm.

Too bad, too bad. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Ling Han sighed. He flicked his right index finger, and the Limitless Nine Deaths Formation activated. However, it only released a sliver of its might. Suddenly, Bei Kai shouted in pain, and he was sent flying, a very long wound left behind on his chest.

Though he was a king tier, he was no match for 11 Limitless Nine Deaths Formations. Even if it was a sliver of its might, he would still be wounded. If it had been its full might, then he would definitely be killed in an instant.

‘So powerful!’

Previously, everyone had some dissent, but when they saw this scene, nobody else said anything.

The strongest would be kings!

Moreover, Ling Han had not provoked Bei Kai. It was Bei Kai who had taken the initiative to challenge him, so he naturally should bear the consequences—what elite would still be even-tempered after being provoked by others?

However, even Bei Kai had lost. Was there anyone else here that could match Ling Han?

Everyone turned to look at Guang Feichen. Though he was not the only king tier here, firstly, he was in the peak stage of the consummate level of the Eternal River Tier, and could be considered the strongest below Saints, and secondly, he had been immersed in this cultivation level for an unknown number of years, so his abilities must have been polished to an incredibly powerful extent.

Guang Feichen only acted as if he had not seen their looks. He did not have the slightest bit of confidence, so he was naturally unwilling to damage his own reputation.