Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1556 Comprehension catches up

Chi Huangji also saw this. His brow wrinkled in a slight frown, but due to the strong self-confidence he had, he rushed forwards without any fear, and began his attack.Previously, he had thought he would never have the chance to erase this humiliation; he had not imagined that Ling Han would actually enter into the Netherworld!

He definitely could not miss this opportunity.

Hong, he delivered a punch. Demonic patterns glowed like a demonic lotus that could sever the skies.

This was the Demonic Lotus Seal, a technique that had been invented by the Hysteria Demon Master.

Ling Han greeted the attack with his own fist. In a battle of equals, he had never shrunk back.

Peng!

A loud sound rang out, and both Chi Huangji and Ling Han were sent back flying a few hundred meters by the impact.

Chi Huangji immediately showed a confident expression. There was not much of a gap between the two of them in terms of power. They were both rank three king tiers, and in terms of Regulations, he was obviously superior in level. The highest level of Regulations that Ling Han could draw on was the low extreme at most.

However, the latter’s physique was really too strong. He took on the aftermath head-on, and did not sustain even the slightest injury.

This freakish guy, how could he have such a frightening physique?

Chi Huangji gritted his teeth. Previously, he had already lost once, and now he still had to face this huge gulf between them, which made him feel a depression he could not describe.

Ling Han shook his head. After merging the Regulations of the two Realms, his battle prowess of the same level had been strengthened further by at least another star, but his grasp of the Regulations of the Netherworld had not caught up. This meant that he was equal to being in the low extreme of the Eternal River Tier, and was naturally not a match for an opponent in the medium extreme.

This was not something that could be improved in a short while, so he had no wish to fight Chi Huangji for a long time, and improve his grasp of the Regulations of the Netherworld in battle.

He wanted to end the battle quickly.

“Senior Brother Chi, go!” Wu Jue was cheering him on from below. He wanted nothing more than for Ling Han to lose horribly in front of the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden.

The Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden looked at him in displeasure, and the little bottom immediately lowered his head guiltily. He could only secretly cheer Chi Huangji on.

“The Demonic Lotus blooms, and all is killed!” Chi Huangji shot out both fists, and formed a massive lotus flower seal, which pressed down on Ling Han, intending to suppress him by force.

Ling Han smiled calmly, and channelled the Tide of the Ages with a casual wave of his hand.

Decay! Decay! Decay!

When the demonic lotus seal arrived in front of Ling Han, it had already decayed so much that nothing was left, so all its might was naturally lost.

The Tide of the Ages, a celestial technique! Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Celestial techniques naturally originated from the Celestial Realm, and what kind of place was the Celestial Realm? It had the Regulations of the Netherworld as well as the Regulations of the Immortal Realm. Thus, though Ling Han had entered into the Netherworld, the might of his Tide of the Ages had not weakened the slightest bit, because it was not restrained by the Regulations of the Immortal Realm.

In a battle of equals, was a celestial technique not awesome enough?

Chi Huangji was gaping in shock. The Demonic Lotus Seal was the strongest secret technique that he had mastered presently, but such a powerful technique did not manage to show the slightest bit of might in front of Ling Han. How could he accept that?

Not just him, even the Hysteria Demon Master’s eyes narrowed slightly, revealing a hint of curiosity.

As it was a technique he had created, he was naturally familiar with it. But in a battle of equals, it was actually dispersed so easily. This was really inconceivable.

“Are we continuing?” Ling Han asked, smiling.

Whether it was the strength of his physique or the Tide of the Ages, he was already standing in an invincible position.

“Huangji, come on down.” The Hysteria Demon Master suddenly spoke up.

Chi Huangji hurriedly descended, and half-kneeling, he said, “Yes, Master!” He knew that this was his master giving him an out of the situation. Otherwise, if he was forced to admit defeat in public like this, he would not be able to bear it.

Ling Han did not go too far, either. He slowly descended as well. Immediately, the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden approached him, and gave him a sweet smile. In front of outsiders, this fierce woman still took very much care of Ling Han’s pride.

Meanwhile, Wu Jue pouted as if someone had snatched away his beloved toy.

“Mo Li, arrange their accommodations,” the Hysteria Demon Master said.

“Understood.” Mo Li bowed slightly.

With a flutter of the Hysteria Demon Master’s sleeve, the golden pathway spread out. He had already entered the city. The trifle matters of making arrangements for the accommodations of his guests was something that he needed not be concerned with, but having the strongest among his disciples making the arrangements clearly declared his regard for Ling Han.

That way, it was natural that everyone had to treat Ling Han cordially.

Mo Li led Ling Han and his companion into the Chaotic Demon Palace. This was actually a large city, and arranging a courtyard for the two of them was naturally a small matter. Mo Li was incredibly cold; she left swiftly after making the arrangements for them.

Ling Han and the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden both entered into the Black Tower, asked the Empress to let them have two spots, and they continued to comprehend the Regulations in isolation.

In the blink of an eye, three months had passed.

Ling Han and the Empress opened their eyes practically at the same moment, and exchanged a smile.

They had already improved their grasp of Regulations to a level that corresponded with their own cultivation level, and had successfully merged the Regulations of the two Realms. Their battle prowess had improved further. However, the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden was considerably inferior. The inheritance from the Phoenix Kings only allowed her to cultivate easily in the Immortal Realm, and was of no help to her in the Netherworld.

Thankfully, with the Reincarnation Tree, as well as various types of alchemical pills, her rate of improvement was actually not considered slow, either. It was only that she could not compare to Ling Han and the Empress.

Ling Han sighed. “After merging the Regulations of the two Realms, though our battle prowess has become stronger, the rate of our advancement in cultivation level has slowed down by at least half.” Having to comprehend the Regulations of the Netherworld and the Immortal Realm at the same time naturally meant that they would have to devote more time.

And with that, the time that he could push down the Empress would come only much later.

However, this was still because he had the Black Tower, and there were still the Regulations of the Immortal Realm within. Otherwise, they would only be able to advance forwards with only one foot at this time, improve their grasp of the Regulations of the Netherworld alone, and complete their grasp of the Regulations of the Immortal Realm only when they returned to the Immortal Realm in future.

The Empress smiled beautifully, and hugged Ling Han’s head, allowing his head to lay on her bountiful breasts.

It was inevitable that Ling Han would grope her and take a little advantage of her, but he dared not go too far, or he would not be able to restrain himself from pushing her down. Thankfully, the Empress’s advancement was still the fastest, and she was already close to reaching the high extreme.

He exited the Black Tower, and the Empress continued to earnestly cultivate inside the Black Tower. To fulfill Ling Han’s wish, she did not want to stop cultivating for even a single instant.

***

“That guy came out?” Wu Jue asked.

“Yes, Little Master,” a disciple answered.

“Good, have you made all the arrangements? Have them all move out tonight!” Wu Jue clapped his hands, appearing to be very excited. “I won’t believe it; when Sister sees how that guy indulges himself in debauchery, let’s see if she would still like him.”

Mo Li crossed her arms over her chest on one side, and poured cold water on his enthusiasm. “If you like a person, you would have enough trust in him. You will not succeed.”

“Mo Li, why do you have to strike a blow on me?” Wu Jue asked in displeasure, and then he gave himself some encouragement. “I will definitely succeed. I want to show Sister the true face of that guy.”

“Hoho.” Mo Li wore a fake smile. That face of hers was practically unchanged.

Wu Jue decided to ignore her. He had thought hard for a few months, and only then did he come up with this brilliant plan. How could it fail?

“Act according to plan. I will personally observe tonight!” He thought for a moment, and then involuntarily smiled foolishly. “When Sister is sad, I will go and comfort her, and she will hug me just like she used to.”

Mo Li was involuntarily rendered speechless. ‘You are planning to comfort her, and still want her to hug you. As expected, you have not grown up at all.’