Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1576: Green River Valley

Ouyang Taishan talked to Ling Han about the matters concerning the Green River Valley.

This was a sacred land for cultivation that the eight Forbidden Lands of the Netherworld had worked together to create, and poured all the efforts of the eight clans into. The cultivation resources were naturally astonishingly many, and additionally, there would also be high-grade Demon Masters providing teachings and clearing doubts. There was even inheritance of celestial techniques, so it was amazingly awesome.

Originally, things like techniques would not be easily taught to outsiders, but because they could not see any hope of returning to the Celestial Realm after such a long time, these Forbidden Lands also softened their policy and broke the old rules, conducting a deeper exchange of cultivation.

Of course, the celestial techniques that touched upon their core such as the Tide of the Ages would definitely not be taught.

Additionally, there was also a similar place in the Immortal Realm, and it was called the “Peace Palace.”

There were not only the prodigies of the eight Forbidden Lands inside the Green River Valley. They would also bring some promising saplings in as well. On the most important premise of returning to the Celestial Realm, a great many people had relaxed the rules of their clans. Of course, this also drew the dissatisfaction of some of the more conservative parties, but now the mainstream culture was being open-minded.

Furthermore, there were also prodigies of the Immortal Realm inside the Green River Valley!

Nurturing them to the Genesis Tier was not the motive. What the Heaven Crushing Alliance truly wanted was still those who could merge the Regulations of the two Realms. Thus, some prodigies of the Immortal Realm went there to attempt merging the Regulations of the two Realms, and on the other side, the Netherworld would also send some of their geniuses to the Peace Palace.

Unfortunately, no one had succeeded so far.

Ling Han only considered it for a short while, and then made the decision to go to the Green River Valley.

Now that the Black Tower could be used again, he also had one to three chances for a power boost, so Ling Han was filled with confidence. Worse come to worst, he would flip the whole Green River Valley over; bring it on.

Ling Han had once asked if such super geniuses like Mo Li could be brought to the Green River Valley as well, but Ouyang Taishan shook his head, and said she was not qualified enough.

Even Mo Li was not qualified enough?

Ling Han finally felt shocked. Just what kind of freaks were there in the Green River Valley?

The golden pathway spread out, and Ouyang Taishan brought Ling Han off with him. Only when he had left did Sea Space Planet recover its original ambience. Previously, a Heaven Demon had arrived, causing everyone to feel a coldness from fear and trepidation.

After they left, the figure of a young man suddenly appeared out of nowhere, a strong killing intent in his gaze.

Hu Feng!

However, the present Hu Feng was no longer the Hu Feng who had just entered into the Netherworld, and no longer was the pillar of light that surged to the skies. Instead, he had completely fitted in with the surroundings of the Netherworld.

He was no longer a Saint, but was rather a Demon Master!

“Ling Han, no matter where you run to, I will kill you! The Celestial King technique and Celestial Tool that you have are all mine!” He also rode a golden pathway, and with a flash, his figure disappeared.

There was not much time left for him anymore. Once Ling Han advanced by another minor level, the heavenly tribulation would completely sever the link of karma that he had on him, and though Hu Feng had grasped the Regulations of the Netherworld, and once more possessed the power of the Genesis Tier, his ability of prediction was still zero.

He needed even more time to grasp more Regulations of the Netherworld. At present, it only allowed him to have a preliminary grasp of the battle prowess of the Genesis Tier. In truth, it was far from the battle prowess he had had in the Immortal Realm.

The Green River Valley was very far, and even a Demon Master would have to take close to three months’ time to reach it.

It was not on any planet, but was rather a small world that had been directly set up in the middle of the galaxy. When it did not appear, even the Eternal River Tiers would not be able to discover its presence, and one would need power on the level of Heaven Demon to open it, so its security level was very high.

Ouyang Taishan opened the Mystery Realm, and brought Ling Han in.

This was indeed a valley, and there was a very long river flowing in it. From high above, it was verdant and dark green, and that was because there was a unique plant in the river that caused the river’s waters to take on this kind of color.

“Ninth Elder!” They had just entered when they saw two people flying towards them. These two people were exuding a very strong aura.

They were two Demon Masters, and though their abilities were inferior to Ouyang Taishan’s, they were still indeed very strong.

Ouyang Taishan nodded, and then said, “This is Ling Han. Take him to handle the procedures.”

“Understood!” These two Demon Masters nodded respectfully. In front of a Heaven Demon, other Demon Masters were merely ants, and they were not allowed to be disrespectful.

Ouyang Taishan turned around and left. As the grand and noble ninth elder, an elite at the top tier of the Netherworld, how could he possibly waste time on trifling matters? It was already quite extravagant to delegate such a task to two Demon Masters.

“I am Ye Chengzhang.”

“Zheng Jing.”

These two Demon Masters introduced themselves. “We are teachers who take turns to be on duty here. In future, if you have some questions in the area of cultivation, you may ask us for help. In these 100 years, it will be us who would be standing by here.”

Ling Han nodded, and said, “Greetings, Senior Ye, Senior Zheng.”

The two Demon Masters nodded slightly, and were very pleased with Ling Han’s attitude. Previously, they naturally had heard that there was a “young guy” that was going to become the seventeenth elder. If Ling Han really took on the position, even they would have to respectfully address him as “Seventeenth Elder”. This would depress them to the point of internal injury.

At present, all the big shots had temporarily suppressed this proposal, and the attitude that Ling Han showed was one filled with respect. This naturally caused their impression of Ling Han to considerably improve. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

“Come, we will first arrange your accommodations.”

This Mystery Realm was very big, but its size was all in that wide green-colored river in the middle of the valley. Their accommodations were actually on the steep cliffs of either side of the valley. Multiple stone chambers had been built, and it did have a unique charm to it.

However, it was reasonable that this place could become a sacred place for cultivation. The Green River surged, exuding boundless Spiritual Qi, and there were also seals of great dao interwoven within. Listening to the river and watching its waves would allow one to attain appreciation of great dao.

Even Genesis Tiers would be able to benefit from being here, what more Eternal River Tiers.

After the two Demon Masters arranged his accommodations, they departed. They did remind him, though, that it was allowed for disciples to bring their wives here—on the condition that they could not cause any disturbance to others.

Ling Han allowed the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden and the Empress to come out. They all expressed shock at the cultivation environment in this place, but it was still far from being a match for the Black Tower.

Did this place have a Reincarnation Tree? Even in the Celestial Realm, this was a supreme treasure.

Small Tower also gave Ling Han a piece of good news. After refining that massive Chaos Source Rock, the restoration of the Black Tower had advanced a large step further, and very soon, the Reincarnation Tree could be improved to a whole new level.

Now, one day was equivalent to a year, and in the future, it could reach the extent of a day being equivalent to 10 years!

Ling Han was pleased, naturally, but this had still not reached the true standard of the Reincarnation Tree. It should be known that when he’d first drunk the Reincarnation Tree, he had experienced a whole reincarnation. How many years would one day be equivalent then at the time?

It was good news as long as there was improvement. As long as the Black Tower was fully restored, there would definitely come a day when the Reincarnation Tree would display its true effects entirely.

The Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden was more willing to cultivate in the Black Tower, and the Empress’s advantage showed itself here. She had her nine doppelgangers continue cultivating, while her main body accompanied Ling Han and began a tour of this valley.

“So you are Ling Han?” They had just stepped out of the stone chamber when they were stopped in their path by five people, all of them being giants among men.