Chapter 1578: 27 killing formations

Ling Han continuously improved on the pill recipe. A brand-new pill recipe had to undergo innumerable adjustments from the start to perfect completion.

Another half year later, Ling Han broke into a smile.

He had found a point of breakthrough, and greatly improved the medicinal effects.

When a new furnace of alchemical pills was concocted, he shared it with the Empress.

“Wu!” Not too long after ingesting the alchemical pills, there were fiery flames surging from both of their bodies. That was because the medicinal effects were too violent, and had taken on the form of flames.

Thankfully, both their physiques far surpassed ordinary Eternal River Tier. Ling Han’s physique was close to matching Genesis Tier, while the Empress had also formed a Divine Fetus, and any attacks she suffered could even be distributed among her nine doppelgangers. It was the same for the medicinal effects.

Thus, both of them could bear it, but these medicinal effects were still incredibly violent, causing blood to seep from all their apertures, and they looked very terrible.

However, the effect was truly obvious.

The Empress already possessed enough comprehension of cultivation level, so when her accumulation of Origin Power reached the required level, she immediately broke through. The heavenly tribulation came in waves, and she went to the end of the Green River Valley. This was the place for those who needed to endure a heavenly tribulation.

Meanwhile, the effect on Ling Han was slightly inferior, but he took another alchemical pill.

“Ah!” he yelled in agony. Even if his physique was amazingly strong, and his Godly bones were even close to reaching the level of Saintly Material, his blood and flesh were slightly inferior, after all. Under the barrage of the medicinal effects, his blood vessels ruptured, and his heart and other internal organs had all sustained severe injury.

“Feels great!” He inhaled sharply, and gritted his teeth. The Origin Power in his body was bubbling, directly surging towards the peak of the medium extreme.

He comprehended great dao beneath the Reincarnation Tree, and after a mere 10 days, he jumped up, and exited the Black Tower. The heavenly tribulation came as expected.

The Empress had long since endured her heavenly tribulation, and was waiting for him inside the stone chamber. As a powerful aura enshrouded her, it was as if she was truly a supreme Empress with incomparable grace, filling one with bone-deep love for her, yet absolutely not daring to commit sacrilege.

“Wait for me!” Ling Han threw out these words, and hurriedly ran out.

The heavenly tribulation would wait for no man.

His figure sped away rapidly, and he covered more than 1,000 miles in one breath. Then, boom! The first flash of lightning fell on him.

This was still very far from the end of the Green River Valley, but there was already no one staying on either side of the valley. Thus, he could rest assured and endure the heavenly tribulation without worry.

He took the initiative to shatter his Godly bones to be tempered under the heavenly tribulation.

His enduring the heavenly tribulation was merely going through the motions. His main purpose was to strengthen his Godly bones. Additionally, he also drew out the Divine Demon Sword to be further tempered by the heavenly tribulation. Though this Celestial Tool had already advanced to the Saint Tier, there would be no drawbacks from being tempered by a heavenly tribulation, either.

Half a day later, even the heaven and earth could only withdraw their might as they could do nothing to Ling Han.

Ling Han channelled a drop of Indestructible True Fluid. He sensed the strength of his Godly bones, and broke into a grin.

The strength of his Godly bones had not advanced into the Saint Tier, and this was within his expectations. However, compared to before, they had become much stronger, and this would grant him the ability to inscribe even more Limitless Nine Deaths Formations on his Godly bones.

If desired, an Eternal River Tier could not advance into the Saint Tier, yet could endlessly form stars, and far surpass the consummate level of the Eternal River Tier in terms of power, and completely suppress the latter. They could be considered another type of Demon Master or Saint,

Ling Han, too, could do the same now!

However, his present cultivation level was still far from the pinnacle level of the Eternal River Tier, yet his Godly bones were strong enough that he could inscribe a few dozen top-grade killing formations, and would be able to kill anyone below the Saint Tier!

He returned to the stone chamber, and immediately began preparing to inscribe the Limitless Nine Deaths Formation on his Godly bones.

This was the strongest killing formation beneath Saint level, and Ling Han presently was unable to grasp Saint-level formations, so this was his best choice.

Previously, he could inscribe 11 killing formations, and now... he could inscribe 27 killing formations!

This was too frightening. With a mere thought from Ling Han, a frightening killing intent flowed out of the tips of his fingers, forming a ray of light that was only an inch long and looked like a sword. This was because his path of martial arts was more inclined towards Sword Dao, so the might of the formation would be manifested in this form.

“With this strike, Tan Mo would definitely be unable to bear it!” Ling Han had exchanged blows with Tan Mo before. Though he had only managed to kill the latter by depending on the Divine Demon Sword showing its might, he was still considerably familiar with Tan Mo’s abilities.

If he was to battle again with Tan Mo now, he could use the 27 killing formations in a head-on confrontation with the latter. Furthermore, he could guarantee that it would be Tan Mo who would be dying in the end.

The destructive power of the killing formations was naturally the strongest.

However, if it was he who would be countering this move, he would not choose a head-on confrontation. After all, his cultivation level was still in the high extreme of the Eternal River Tier. Against the pinnacle level, this was a glaring shortcoming. Thankfully, his physique was too strong. If someone at the pinnacle level of the Eternal River Tier wanted to wound him, it would still be extremely difficult.

The sharpest sword and strongest shield were both in his possession, so who could be a match for him?

“At least, I have absolutely no need to fear anyone who isn’t a freak that has formed 3,000,000 stars,” he murmured.

...But even a freak with 2,500,000 stars had appeared, so if a freak with more than 3,000,000 stars appeared, it would not be something that difficult to accept, either.

“In this Green River Valley, is there someone like that?” Ling Han was slightly curious.

This question of his was soon answered because he received a notification. Three months later, all the disciples would undergo a martial arts competition. Everyone had to take part, and could not refuse for any reason whatsoever.

“I still have three months; I don’t know if I can improve further,” Ling Han mumbled.

Both he and the Empress were furiously taking alchemical pills. In truth, the Empress had more of an advantage than he did. In terms of the ability to bear medicinal effects, it was definitely Ling Han who was more superior, but one would soon become immune no matter what kind of medicine he took as long as he took a large amount of it. Yet the Empress had nine doppelgangers, and they could ingest alchemical pills in turn, so there was practically no reduction of the effects at all.

Three months’ time was enough for her to improve further, and advance into the middle stage of the high extreme, but in Ling Han’s case, this time would extend to more than a year’s time.

This was actually not too bad, either. The Empress was getting closer and closer to the Genesis Tier, and he would soon be able to push her down!

Ling Han couldn’t help but rub his hands together. Just thinking of what kind of positions they could use when the time came was enough to make him feel a nosebleed coming on.

He began to study the celestial techniques he had in his possession. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Correct. He not only had one, but several.

Previously, he had gotten two celestial techniques from the Hu Clan. One was the Great Evolution Technique, which was used to temper Origin Power. A similar amount of power blasted out, but because the Origin Power was more condensed, the battle prowess would naturally be stronger.

The other was Darkness of the Paramount Night. After cultivating it, one could set up a completely dark environment, causing all those who were within to lose their five senses.

This was a little like how he had gone to meet with the Heavenly Emperor of Thunder and Fire all those years ago, but it was clear that the Heavenly Emperor of Thunder and Fire should be more powerful. The latter was at least a being of the Severing Mundane, or perhaps even slightly higher than that.

The third was the Flying Dragon Shadow Hands. He could confirm that this technique that had come from the Ocean Dragon Mountain was indeed a celestial technique.

Others would probably be smiling in their sleep if they had managed to obtain a single celestial technique, yet he had a total of three.

“Which one should I learn first? How distressing!” he muttered, playing it up to the extreme.

Underneath the Reincarnation Tree, Ling Han comprehended a celestial technique. One day was equivalent to 10 years, and three months were equivalent to close to 1,000 years of cultivation. With his comprehension ability, how could it be that he would not be able to reach at least Small Accomplishment level?

Time passed swiftly, and three months had passed. Ling Han suddenly opened his eyes, a smile appearing on his lips. He had been here for two years, and had yet to exchange blows with the king tiers and prodigies here. He was really getting an itch for it.