Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1582: Killed till a mental breakdown

Everyone was rendered speechless. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Previously, they could not see anything because of the darkness, but now that the darkness had dispersed, they could see that Zheng Mo was covered in injuries. They could imagine how terrible his situation had been at the time.

If it was them in his place, would they also be forced to use their full power?

Most probably, yes. This was the instinctive reaction of a cultivator.

Zheng Mo’s expression was livid. After a slight hesitation, he brazenly made a move, grabbing out at Ling Han.

Since he was already compelled to use his full strength, then so be it. Why not take this opportunity to simply defeat Ling Han?

“Humph!” Ling Han’s gaze turned cold. If Zheng Mo had kept his word, and maintained a battle of equals, then even if he lost, Ling Han would still feel a sliver of respect for him, but he wanted to bully Ling Han just because of having a superior cultivation level?

Then he’d just suffer the consequences of his own actions!

Weng, the 27 killing formations in his body activated at the same time. Ling Han’s whole body was exuding a terrifying aura. He raised his right hand, and there was only an inch-long ray of light extending from his fingertip, but anyone who saw it would feel their hearts and souls tremble, anxious and ill at ease.

At first, Zheng Mo had already reached him, but he forcibly halted his dash, and looked like he had seen a ghost.

He stared at the light on Ling Han’s hand, his expression shifting. “What is that!?”

“Ultimate Invincible, Severing the Heaven, Destroying the Earth, Slaughter All,” Ling Han replied with a serious face.

Zheng Mo was not a fool, and immediately realized that Ling Han was messing with him. He couldn’t help but humph, and said, “Having a glib tongue is useless. In front of absolute power, you will only be crushed.”

Ling Han involuntarily smiled. “Then, why don’t you make your move?”

Though Zheng Mo’s words were filled with disdain, he did not dare be careless in the slightest. Though that was only a ray of light, he felt as if he could see an ancient beast inside Ling Han’s body. If it rushed out, it would be able to destroy everything.

His expression was filled with seriousness. At this time, he had an incredible advantage in power, which he had to make good use of.

He threw out a punch at Ling Han from a distance, and the frightening power took the form of innumerable gusts of energy. He did not use any technique, and was merely using his superior power to overwhelm him.

This was a very smart way to fight. Power that was strong enough could break all techniques.

Ling Han charged out. When the bursts of energy reached him, his whole body emitted light, and easily sliced all the attacking bursts of energy into pieces. He was completely unhindered, and continued to charge towards Zheng Mo as if no technique could touch him.

‘This...!’

Zheng Mo’s hair stood on ends in his fear. He could clearly feel how powerful that force inside of Ling Han was, but his words had already gone too far. Furthermore, he was already using his full battle prowess, so how could he have the nerve to dodge?

Gritting his teeth, he shot out his left hand in response to Ling Han’s attack.

Hong, the power of his fist surged out. He was still alert, unwilling to exchange blows with Ling Han at close range.

Ling Han barged through it directly. The killing formations showed their might, and there was no way to stop him at all as he directly approached Zheng Mo.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

Zheng Mo had no choice but to exchange blows with Ling Han. He only managed to force Ling Han back after throwing out three successive punches. When he looked at his raised hand, he could see that his left hand had become badly mangled. The killing formations were too frightening. Even if he had used Origin Power to wrap around his fist, it was useless. His hand had still suffered many injuries.

Everyone was also stunned. Now, Zheng Mo’s right arm had been broken, and though his left arm had not been broken, it was not all that better off, either. It could be claimed that he could not be any more defeated than this.

Ling Han had clearly not used any kind of precious tool?

The strength of this outsider... was too shocking!

Even a pinnacle level king tier that had formed 2,000,000 stars would pale in comparison. Probably only king tiers that formed more than 3,000,000 stars would be qualified to match him, which also meant that Ling Han had become an absolute big shot among the Eternal River Tiers, and could be an equal for Zhang Ting, Ye Quan, and Liu Dang. Only Genesis Tiers would be able to defeat them.

But the problem here was that Ling Han was only in the high extreme. If he advanced into the pinnacle level of the Eternal River Tier, just how strong would he be then? Would he be able to match a Demon Master?

Ling Han did not spare Zheng Mo even though he had the advantage now. He had not trifled with or offended anyone, so what right did they have to keep targeting him? He had a temper too, all right?

Peng, peng, peng, peng.

His punches fell like rain, and as the killing formations circulated, it was as if he was an Ashura Demon King from hell, his murderous aura soaring sky-high.

Zheng Mo was unwilling to admit defeat. If he publicly admitted that he was no match for someone in the high extreme of the Eternal River Tier, what pride would he have left to face others?

This resulted in increasingly more and more injuries on his body, and also the increasing seriousness of his wounds.

Finally, he had no choice but to activate that plated armor, which formed a protective shield around him. Only then did he manage to block Ling Han’s attack. This was a Demonic Tool, and was one of the precious treasures and family heirlooms of the Zheng Clan. Because he was too outstanding, it had been bestowed on him. It could only be used for defense, and would save his life in a crisis.

He was only one step away from the Genesis Tier, so he could more or less completely activate this plated armor. At least, power below Demon Master-level would not be able to penetrate it.

A balance of power finally emerged in their battle because Ling Han’s defenses were practically invincible among the Eternal River Tier, so neither of them could wound the other.

But everyone knew that Zheng Mo had lost, and lost very terribly at that—he was using his full battle prowess, and had even used his Demonic Tool, yet that only led to a tie.

“Stop!” Liu Gan could not bear watching, either. Wasn’t this just being shameless?

He moved and separated Ling Han and Zheng Mo with a palm strike, as if he had drawn out two worlds.

This was the strength of a Black Demon!

“All of you need to work hard. The few who are ranked the lowest have to take note. If you place last three times in succession, you will have to leave this place!” Liu Gan’s eyes swept over them, causing a few people to pale.

If they were expelled from the Green River Valley, that would be a great humiliation.

Everyone left respectively. The competition here was really too fierce, and no one dared relax. This place was filled with top-notch king tiers, and whoever slacked off in the slightest would only be surpassed by others.

Ling Han had completely exposed his strength in this battle, and made everyone remember him. However, the most outstanding rookie this time was still Gu Feng. Though he had not moved at all, his cultivation level was still there for all to see.

He was a genuine young big shot, a being that had a chance of becoming a Heaven Demon in future.

Of course, Empress Luan Xing also won everyone’s attention. The men admired her, while the women were filled with mad envy.

Ling Han and the Empress returned to their stone chamber. He had seen his own shortcomings in this battle; he was still not strong enough to sweep aside all opposition in the Eternal River Tier. This was something that he could do nothing about. In this place, everyone was a top-rate king tier, and it would be difficult to defeat them even in a battle of equals, what more when he had to surpass a gap of a minor level.

If it was not because Ling Han had cultivated the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll, and had incredibly strong Godly bones which allowed him to inscribe so many killing formations, he, too, would have to adhere to the iron-clad rule of cultivation, and yield in front of these king tiers.

They continued to cultivate. The Empress’s cultivation level was practically growing boomingly. She had 10 doppelgangers which could simultaneously ingest alchemical pills and comprehend Dao underneath the Reincarnation Tree. The frightening power of the Nine Deaths Heaven Art was on full display, with nothing reserved.

Ling Han also taught celestial techniques like the Tide of the Ages, Great Evolution Technique, and Darkness of the Paramount Night to the Empress. He believed that when she, too, advanced into the pinnacle level of the Eternal River Tier, her battle prowess would definitely be capable of suppressing big shots.

With a Celestial King technique as her base, how could she not be awesome?

Time passed very quickly. In the blink of an eye, another year had passed. The Empress had reached the peak of the high extreme, and was about to break through to the consummate level. Meanwhile, Ling Han had just barely advanced another step, and reached the middle stage of the high extreme.

And it was at this time that a major event happened in the Heaven Crushing Alliance.

A new Forbidden Land had joined them.

The Dongchang Forbidden Land, Tan Clan!