Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1593: Void Flower

A day later, the effects of the power boost from the Black Tower vanished.

Ling Han steered the Cloud Piercing Shuttle and set out. He was going back to the Immortal Realm.

Before he left, he had a very long conversation with Ouyang Taishan. This respectable elder shared a large amount of experience with him, and there were some things that were very, very useful.

For example, why did some prodigies form 2,000,000, or even 3,000,000 stars, yet still did not break through to the next level?

Those like Mo Li and Zhu Ba did not have the ability—it was not because they did not want to. However, for the prodigies of the Forbidden Lands, those that could cultivate to the pinnacle level of the Eternal River Tier would definitely be juniors with extremely pure bloodlines, and absolutely could take that crucial step with the aid of their bloodlines.

The reason why they had formed 2,000,000 or even 3,000,000 stars was because of a legend.

If one could form 10,000,000 stars, and then break through to the Genesis Tier, they would gain the approval of the heaven and earth, and obtain unique rewards. After advancing to the Severing Mundane Tier, their power would be exceptional, far surpassing their peers.

And to these people from the Immortal Realm and Netherworld, forming 10,000,000 stars before breaking through had another benefit, and that was being able to merge the Regulations of the two Realms!

Of course, this was only a legend. Some also said that this was the true pinnacle level of the Eternal River Tier.

The reason why this legend was a legend was because there had never been anyone that had formed 10,000,000 stars in the Eternal River Tier. Even the prodigies of the Forbidden Lands had not accomplished this. Perhaps there were innumerable geniuses in the Celestial Realm that could do so, but there were definitely none in the Immortal Realm and Netherworld.

Going by Ouyang Taishan’s opinion, he hoped that Ling Han could restrain himself for a while, and hold back from breaking through to the Genesis Tier so quickly. Instead, he should attempt to break through to the legendary pinnacle level as much as possible.

Ling Han would definitely be able to enter into the Celestial Realm. Thus, it would no longer be enough for him to sweep aside all opposition from the prodigies of the Netherworld and Immortal Realm. He needed to make requirements of himself with the standards of the Celestial Realm, or he would only be called a prodigy in the Celestial Realm, at most, and would not be able to become the king tier of a generation.

This caused Ling Han to be at a loss.

Since he was allowed to know this fact, he definitely would attempt the pinnacle level of 10,000,000 stars, but what about the Empress? At first, 1,000,000 stars would be enough for her to break through, and they would be able to be together from then, and do some things that both of them enjoyed and anticipated.

But if they needed to attempt 10,000,000 stars, then the time for breaking through to the Genesis Tier would definitely have to be pushed back further.

“Sigh, for the future of my wife, I’ll just have to delay it further.” Ling Han sighed. “No matter what, she is my wife. Once she missed out on the pinnacle level, that would be a matter that would affect her whole life.”

Especially when the elites of the Celestial Realm were completely immortal as the effects would be even larger.

The Empress was an exceptional Divine Fetus, and cultivated a Celestial King technique. Reaching the true pinnacle level of the Eternal River Tier should be highly possible for her. As for the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden, there was no need to even consider this problem.

Ling Han discussed this with the Empress, and the two of them agreed to attempt the true pinnacle level of the Eternal River Tier.

The Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden, meanwhile, was resolute on her own stand. Her target was advancing into the Genesis Tier as soon as possible. Since Ling Han and the Empress were both attempting the pinnacle level of the Eternal River Tier, who knew, she might be able to surpass them, and become the first person among them to break through to the Genesis Tier.

The Cloud Piercing Shuttle headed towards Sea Space Planet. Since they were planning to leave the Netherworld, he wanted to first let the Hysteria Demon Master and Overlord Sword Demon Master know. Previously, they had both stepped forward bravely for him. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

Moreover, he was planning to go back the way he had come, and would definitely be passing by Sea Space Planet anyways.

Previously, Ouyang Taishan had brought him along, and they had travelled too quickly. If it was travelling via the Cloud Piercing Shuttle, the journey would need more or less half a year’s time. And this was still because the Cloud Piercing Shuttle had been upgraded by Hu Niu, or the time spent would be a hundredfold.

After setting the galactic coordinates, there was actually no need for manual control. Thus, Ling Han and his wives basically just stayed in the Black Tower, taking alchemical pills, and comprehended Dao beneath the Reincarnation Tree, allowing their cultivation level to soar all the way.

Every once in a while, Ling Han would still come out to check the situation. Because there were galactic pirates, a galactic journey was not really a very peaceful affair.

After about four months, when Ling Han exited the Black Tower, he couldn’t help but feel surprised.

Ahead of them, there was an indescribably colossal flower. It was not just indescribably huge, but even its color could not be described. At least Ling Han did not know what kind of color he could use to describe it.

But it was clearly extremely huge, yet it was as if it did not exist at all, and it looked incredibly bizarre.

“What kind of flower is this?” Ling Han searched through his mind, but among the basic medicinal ingredients of the Immortal Realm, there was none that matched it. He began to make his deductions, and thought about any new species that could be formed through the grafting of different medicinal ingredients. As long as one had a grasp of the basic pharmacology, he would be able to deduce everything.

However, Ling Han was still unable to speculate what would grow to look like this after which medicinal ingredients had been grafted together.

This was not because the Netherworld and Immortal Realm were different. In fact, these two Realms were originally the same, but because of the change of Regulations, it was just that some Godly medicine could not grow in the Netherworld, and some could not grow in the Immortal Realm.

‘Hiss, could it be that this is... Celestial medicine!’

Ling Han’s heart shook. Though this thought was a little ridiculous, it was not absolutely impossible, because hadn’t he, too, obtained a Reincarnation Tree?

“Small Tower, come and see. Do you know what kind of species this is?” Ling Han asked.

“Void Flower,” Small Tower immediately replied. “This is a Celestial Flower, but only grows in the cracks of space, so it is not a strange thing for it to appear in the Netherworld.”

Ling Han couldn’t help but feel slightly excited. “Celestial Flower? Are you talking about the kind of Celestial Flower that will allow you to immediately become a Celestial being upon consumption?”

Small Tower couldn’t help but disdainfully retort, “In your dreams. There are a great many varieties of Celestial Flowers, but there are practically none that would directly increase your cultivation level. A so-called Celestial Flower is nurtured by certain supreme Regulations of the Celestial Realm. Thus, upon consumption, you would be able to comprehend this kind of Regulations with it, and there is a chance that you would be able to grasp it.

“Void Flower should be corresponding to the Regulations of Space. If you are able to grasp it, you will be able to control space even in the Celestial Realm.

“Even in the Celestial Realm, this is a precious treasure. Even a Celestial King would probably be interested.”

Ling Han’s eyes shone. “Then I definitely have to get my hands on it.”

“Hoho.” Small Tower released a laugh to express its objection. It was beginning to act proud again. “The Void Flower contains the Regulations of Space. You can see it now, but who knows how far away you are from it? Who knows, maybe by the time you have traveled half the way to it, the Celestial Flower would already have been plucked by another.”

“Will you die if you don’t attack me?” Ling Han asked in displeasure. He adjusted the course of the Cloud Piercing Shuttle slightly.

“Hoho.” Small Tower still maintained a half-dead attitude.

Xiu, the Cloud Piercing Shuttle changed direction, and set out in pursuit of the Void Flower.

One day, two days, three days, one month, two months!

Just like Small Tower had said, this Void Flower contained the Regulations of Space. It could be seen from all sides, but in truth, there was an unknown distance separating them.

Even Ling Han felt like wanting to give up. He didn’t know how long it would take for him to reach it. However, he had already spent two months, so he was unwilling to just give up at this time. Thus, he continued his pursuit.

Another month later, the space suddenly became extremely strange. He was clearly advancing forwards, but after a short while, he actually realized that he had turned around at some unknown time, and was going back the way he had come.

Ling Han was not shocked, but instead felt delighted. Since a strange change had taken place in the space, it meant that he was truly coming closer to the Void Flower.