Chapter 1598: The strongest clash of the Netherworld

Ling Han and Han Qi battled fiercely.

To be honest, both deserved the moniker of elite. One was a king tier that had slowly progressed from a small world, whereas the other was a prodigy of the Celestial Realm. Whether in terms of physique, celestial technique, or power, their strength was of the highest tier in the Ancient Realm.

Their clash was fierce and exciting, a battle that was worthy of being recorded in the history books to be passed down through the ages.

Those Demon Masters were all watching with shock, dumbfounded.

Two young people, and either of them had been born innumerable years later than them, yet they surpassed them despite their late start, leaving them far behind in their dust.

In the wider world, there would always be people more talented than them. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

They were rueful, and no longer had any thoughts of coveting the Void Flower in the slightest. At present, they only had one thought, and that was to leave this place safely.

Some had already begun to retreat, but there were also some that had stayed behind. FIrstly, they wanted to witness this battle that could possibly become the most powerful clash in the history of the Netherworld, and secondly, it was also a form of support for Ling Han.

If you saved me, yet I did not have the courage to cheer you on from the sidelines, then what right would I still have to claim to be an elite Demon Master?

Ling Han had truly encountered a powerful opponent.

He did indeed possess a considerable number of celestial techniques, but it was the same for Han Qi as well. Furthermore, he was the descendant of an Immortal Palace Tier-level force, so the celestial techniques that he grasped were stronger than Ling Han’s. Whether it was the Tide of the Ages or Darkness of the Paramount Night, they both did not have much of an advantage over him.

Thankfully, because neither of them had stepped into Celestial level, they were unable to show the true might of the celestial techniques. Thus, though there was a difference between their celestial techniques, they had been weakened to the Genesis Tier-level, so the difference was not too big, either.

“Not bad, not bad. You are quite strong, and worthy of me showing my true abilities!” Han Qi laughed loudly, and with a tap of his right hand, an icy frost condensed, and actually formed a figure of ice. It looked similar to himself, yet was at least 100 times bigger than he actually was.

“Frost of Thousand Shadows!” he muttered softly, and tapped out repeatedly with his right hand. One after another, giants of ice appeared in quick succession. The Regulations of Ice were entwined all over them, and great dao had formed a river that flowed in their bodies.

“Kill him!” With one command from Han Qi, all the giants of ice moved their legs, and charged towards Ling Han.

Ling Han was unafraid. With a shake of his hands, a blade of fire appeared in each of his hands, formed by the Nine Heavens Flame. He charged towards the giants of ice, and with a slash of his sword, pu, one giant of ice would be melted into water vapor.

“Look out!” Han Qi also charged over. He formed seals with his hands, and pressed them down on Ling Han.

“Slice apart!” Ling Han stimulated heaven’s might, which charged out at Han Qi as well.

“En!?” Han Qi couldn’t help but be shocked. His power had actually been weakened by around two stars. In a clash of this grade, could he afford a gap of two stars of power? He immediately roared out, and the patterns of great dao in his body glowed, resisting this kind of impact.

Ling Han nodded internally. As expected of a prodigy of the Celestial Realm, this move had no effect on him.

He did not mind, though. Although Han Qi could resist his heaven’s might, the giants of ice he had summoned could not. They were all destroyed after sustaining more than 100 strikes that contained the might of the Nine Heavens Flame from him.

‘I should infuse the Nine Heavens Flame into the Lightning Sword Technique,’ Ling Han said inwardly. The Sword Dao that he practiced would include everything in this world. As long as something was useful, he would stuff it into his sword technique.

It was like getting rid of the weeds and keeping the flowers, only leaving behind the portion that possessed the strongest might.

He used the Lightning Sword Technique, and infused the might of the Nine Heavens Flame into it. This was not the power of Regulation, but rather a true flame. Even in the Celestial Realm, it could be called a precious treasure, and was one of the Nine Great Ancestral Flames.

Thus, infusing this Nine Heavens Flame into the Lightning Sword Technique was different from what he had done before.

As Ling Han battled, he pondered. At present, he was using both at the same time, so there was naturally a sliver of might of the Nine Heavens Flame embedded in his sword technique, but he was still quite far off from allowing the Nine Heavens Flame to show its full might.

If he could merge them better, his battle prowess naturally would increase further.

‘Hang on...’

Since the Nine Heavens Flame was the power of his life force, then why did he have to deliberately merge them? This was his own power in the first place!

Ling Han couldn’t help but grin. He had taken the wrong path, and in truth, the answer was extraordinarily simple. Since the Nine Heavens Flame was the source of his power, he only had to directly stimulate it, and then use the Lightning Sword Technique. The two would then be perfectly merged together.

He had fallen into a common misconception in his thought process, and thought that the Nine Heavens Flame was an external power. In truth, from the instant he refined the Nine Heavens Flame, it had already become a part of his body.

“Hahaha!” He laughed loudly, and suddenly flicked out a finger. Xiu, a sword light shot out. It was indescribably fast, and had instantly arrived right in front of Han Qi. There was a fiery flame wrapped amidst the sword light.

Han Qi paled in shock. He was not wary of Ling Han’s other techniques, and feared only that flame. At first, he wanted to throw out a punch and dispel this sword light, but when he saw that fiery flames were wrapped within, he immediately dismissed the thought.

Shua, a cold light flashed, and a flag appeared in Han Qi’s hand. It was only about a foot tall, and appeared slightly strange, being grasped in his hand. The flag was a little old, and there was a fierce beast that spat out a cold mist painted on it.

‘Hmm?’

Ling Han appeared slightly surprised. It seemed as if the fierce beast on that flag had suddenly come to life. It spat out a mouthful of cold frost, which held back his sword light in the nick of time. Otherwise, if the blow had landed on Han Qi, the Nine Heavens Flame would have long turned him into ash.

“You should be proud of yourself for being able to force me to use the Nine Underworlds Frost Water Flag!” Han Qi declared coldly. “But now, you may go to your death!” He waved the flag, and weng, the flag grew in the wind, and actually became a battle flag that was as tall as nine meters.

He used the flag pole like a long spear, and swept and stabbed it at Ling Han, while the fierce beast on the flag continued to spit out cold air, making it seem as if the whole galaxy had been sunk into a bottomless cave of ice.

So what if they were Demon Masters? All the elites in the area were shivering, and involuntarily wrapped their arms around themselves. They were forced to burn their flame of life in resistance. Otherwise, their flame of life would be extinguished.

Ling Han was not reserved, either. He drew out the Divine Demon Sword and the broken wooden sword, and he parried the battle flag using both swords.

Though the broken wooden sword was a Level 20 Demonic Tool, it could not bear the might of the Nine Heavens Flame. On the other hand, though the Divine Demon Sword was only Level 17, it could bear the flames. However, the sword’s blade had turned crimson red from the extreme heat, and even the patterns on it seemed close to melting.

Ling Han was unworried. These patterns were only formed through the large volume of Godly metal that the Divine Demon Sword had swallowed, and were not formed by the sword itself. Otherwise, how could celestial patterns be something that he could destroy in his present state?

That was good. For the Divine Demon Sword, these patterns were actually mere impurities, so if they were to be erased, then let them be!

Ling Han brandished his sword. Hong. Just what kind of concept was the Divine Demon Sword added with the Lightning Sword Technique, which was infused with the Nine Heavens Flame?

The Celestial Tool was already Celestial King-level in the first place, and so was the Nine Heavens Flame. With these two combined together, it was unbelievably powerful!

Even if the Divine Demon Sword was far from reaching the level of Celestial Tool, and the Nine Heavens Flame was also very immature, don’t forget that Han Qi presently was also only in the Genesis Tier.