Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1629: The sixth level of the Black Tower opens

Of course, mysteriously and inexorably, the heaven and earth would also be restrained. Otherwise, what was descending now would not be the tribulation of a Great Saint, but rather the tribulation of a Saint King.

A Great Saint that had merged the Regulations of the two Realms would be able to blast open the doors to the Celestial Realm, and this was presently a tribulation of a Great Saint, so there seemed to be some kind of link between the two.

Ling Han had an understanding in his heart, but this kind of understanding was of no help to him in enduring the heavenly tribulation.

His cries rang out endlessly, and he used celestial techniques casually. At present, though he had yet to finish enduring the heavenly tribulation, he already possessed the strength and comprehension of cultivation level of a Small Saint. Celestial techniques ultimately showed their powerful might at his hands.

However, the lightning giant that the heavenly tribulation had taken form in was immortal and indestructible. It would reform after being destroyed, and its number would only be more, and not decrease in the slightest.

Just as what the Empress had experienced, when there were as many as 50 lightning giants, they ultimately underwent a qualitative change.

Ling Han could hold on no longer. He spat out blood madly after he suffered a combined strike from them, and his Godly bones had also been broken instantly. He was being ganged up on by 50 Great Saints; what kind of concept was that?

In any case, the Star Sand Saint’s face was pale. As he saw it, only one that had reached the middle stage of the Great Saint Tier could be able to survive this kind of battle, but at present, he was only in the early stage of the Great Saint Tier. If he were to experience this kind of heavenly tribulation, he would definitely die without a doubt.

First there was the Empress, and here was Ling Han. Why was this whole family all so freakish?

They were already so strong when they were just Small Saints. Then, when they eventually became Saint Kings, would there be anyone that could match them in this world?

The Star Sand Saint was not the only one who had that thought. There were also the Saint Kings from the other Forbidden Lands; all of their expressions were grim. But the Saint Kings who had broader vision did not think this was too serious, because their aim was the Celestial Realm, and in the Celestial Realm, no matter how strong a Saint King you were, so what?

Cultivation was the true kingly way!

Ling Han channeled another drop of Indestructible True Fluid so that his injuries would be under control. Using them consecutively in a short period of time, the effects of the Indestructible True Fluid had dropped sharply. With his humph, four arms suddenly appeared from his body.

The Immovable Deity Metal Body Mystical Power!

The name of this celestial technique was a little long, but its might was indeed powerful. In an instant, it had increased Ling Han’s battle prowess by a few fold. He wielded the Divine Demon Sword with one hand, while another held the broken wooden sword. One of his hands used the Banishing Technique, while another channeled the Annihilating Dragon Star Arrow. One hand used the Flying Dragon Shadow Hands, and the last was using Tide of the Ages.

A lightning giant rushed forwards, but suddenly disappeared when Ling Han pressed a hand on it. He pressed out another hand, and another lightning giant immediately crumbled. It was as if it had disappeared from this present world, and had returned to the past.

At this time, the Godly bones in Ling Han’s body were exuding golden light, and there were densely interwoven patterns appearing on his bones. This was his Godly bones evolving to a stronger level.

He shouted loudly, his fighting spirit blazing. No longer did he simply passively defend; instead, he took the initiative to attack.

Pu!

Under the strike from the Divine Demon Sword, even the lightning giants would be sliced in half. They could only completely reform after a considerable number of breaths, which was proof of how powerful its destructive ability was.

All the Saint Kings were watching, numb with shock.

For those who had reached a height that they had, there was actually not much that could astonish them anymore, but now all of them felt like they had to take some medicine to calm their shock.

Too powerful; how could there possibly be a freak like this?

A Small Saint fighting back against a Great Saint, this was something that had never happened before!

Yet they did not know that the Empress had also succeeded accomplishing this kind of feat before this.

The Open Clouds King’s expression was filled with solemn seriousness. He possessed the bloodline of the Bronze Dragon, and could clearly sense that there was the power of time on Ling Han. Involuntarily, his heart throbbed. If he could refine Ling Han, then wouldn’t he be able to obtain the shards of great dao of the Regulation of Time?

Directly comprehending the Regulation of Time of the heaven and earth was much, much too difficult. It could only be done through certain natural treasures, such as the “Moment Flower”, “Time Crystal”, or refining a person that had similarly cultivated the power of Time, extracting a shard of the Regulations of Time from the other!

Actually, in the Celestial Realm, this was also a path that the majority of elites chose to take. After all, there were too few natural treasures, and refining those that cultivated the same path was equivalent to gathering a little at a time to accumulate more, using their blood and bones to pave a path that led to becoming a supreme Celestial King.

In the eyes of the Open Clouds King, Ling Han was no longer a person, but rather a resource for cultivation.

Ling Han became mad as he battled. The Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll circulated in his body, and golden light exuded from his whole body. Endless seals appeared, and even an Immortal Palace Tier elite like the Heavenly Emperor of Thunder and Fire was completely incapable of studying them. He could only watch with wide eyes.

“This is! This is!” Yet the large black dog was excited, and continuously ran up and down. His eyeballs were about to pop out of his head, as he madly slapped his head. “Why can’t I remember? They are clearly so incredibly familiar to me!”

No one noticed that multiple golden seals were also flickering on the large black dog. They were actually slightly similar to Ling Han’s, but the large black dog himself didn’t notice, either. He was presently freaking out to the extreme.

The Godly bones cracked and popped loudly. The might of this heavenly tribulation was really too strong. Even if Ling Han did not shatter his own Godly bones anymore, the tempering effects that he was receiving had not been weakened in the slightest. His Godly bones had officially advanced to the height of Level 18 Godly metal, and they were still continuing to improve further.

As his defenses improved, Ling Han also became more and more relaxed. One after another, celestial techniques were used in his hands with increasing proficiency, and their might was also gradually stronger.

“The Black Tower’s... sixth level has been opened!” Small Tower’s voice rang out in Ling Han’s mind.

The five levels before corresponded to the Five Elements, and the sixth floor corresponded to... lightning!

Boom, within the Black Tower, purple divine lightning appeared, barraging the fields of Godly medicines. This was very destructive, and 99% of the Godly medicines instantly died, but there was also very, very limited few Godly medicines that survived, and their quality had advanced to a new level.

One among 10,000, the best of the best!

The Reincarnation Tree had also suffered great damage. Half of its trunk had been struck down, and its vitality had practically been destroyed. Its leaves had all withered and fell. There was only a bit of vitality preserved in its core.

This Celestial Tree had been grown through acceleration from the Black Tower, and resorting to an accelerated process for the sake of momentary success, it would never possibly become a true Reincarnation Tree. However, it was using its death to trade for a new life under the power of the purple lightning. If it could survive this tribulation, it would be able to start back from the beginning, and grow to become a true Reincarnation Tree.

The hope of life was contained in its death.

Ling Han’s divine sense swept over, and understood all that had happened inside the Black Tower. He couldn’t help but feel an enlightenment. The lightning tribulation was clearly violent, and filled with killing intent, yet there was thriving vitality contained within this killing intent.

He raised his head to look at the thunderclouds. In the past, people could only passively endure the heavenly tribulation, and had no one ever thought to enter into the depths of the tribulation clouds to see what was hidden within?

The end of death was life, so what was hidden behind this lightning tribulation that was filled with destruction? Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

When this thought rose in him, Ling Han could no longer restrain himself. With a battle cry, he flew towards the thunderclouds.

‘He’s f*cking crazy!’

All the Saint Kings paled in shock when they saw this.

Had no one ever thought of entering into the depths of the thunderclouds to see what was there? This was wrong; there had been a great many elites that had once had this thought, but all those who had thought this, and dared to put their thought into action had all died!

Throughout the ages, it was unknown how many elites had perished because of this, and there was naturally no one that dared to do such a thing in future.

This was a direct path to death.

Yet Ling Han actually took this step!