Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1630: Depths of the thunderclouds

Ling Han charged towards the thunderclouds.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

There had been 50 lightning giants in the first place, and the heavenly tribulation only maintained that kind of intensity, and did not become any stronger than that. However, as Ling Han approached, it seemed as if the heaven and earth had been angered. Boom, another bolt of lighting blasted out, forming a new lightning giant.

It was not just one, either. Boom, boom, boom. The number of lightning giants became more and more. Some were brandishing spears of lightning, some were wielding swords of lightning, and some were directly using their fists, shooting out blazing bolts of lightning.

Ling Han was unafraid. The terrifying power of lightning was circulating in the Black Tower, so he, too, seemed to have fused with the Lightning-Element Regulations, and had become assimilated with it. Each bolt of lightning shot at him, yet did not manage to harm him in the slightest.

The present Ling Han was equivalent to the embodiment of the Regulations of Lightning, yet also seemed superior to it.

That was because the Regulations inside the Black Tower were clearly superior to the Regulations of the Immortal Realm!

“How is this possible?!” all the Saint Kings cried out in shock. Even if Ling Han could be so powerful to be able to destroy all those lightning giants, they would not have been so stunned, but this scene was really too shocking.

This was a heavenly tribulation; whom would it give “face” to?

Yet Ling Han had just so directly charged into the innermost depths of the heavenly tribulation, challenging the authority of heaven and earth.

Boom, boom, boom.

The heavenly tribulation became increasingly violent. This was the might of the heaven and earth, and would not allow anyone to challenge its authority.

The number of lightning giants continued to increase, and had reached as many as 300.

By this time, even the Saint Kings were terrified. Even if it was them who were facing over 300 Great Saints, they would be frowning, and only those peak stage Saint Kings could really be unafraid. But if it was them, the might of the heavenly tribulation would be even stronger, and become countless peak-stage Saint Kings ganging up on them.

Ling Han forged on bravely. Perhaps he would only have this one chance. This was the first time the Black Tower had opened the sixth level, and a large volume of Lightning Element Regulations had surged in, which allowed him to temporarily ignore the heavenly tribulation, but in future, this would definitely not happen a second time.

He charged into the thunderclouds. It was complete darkness. If it was not due to the fact that there were still blazing bolts of lightning flashing within, he would practically suspect that he had once again entered into some kind of dangerous place, and all his senses were sealed.

Ling Han advanced continuously forwards, and the strength of the lightning giants was also frighteningly increasing. No longer were mere numbers used to suppress him, but superiority in cultivation level was also brought into play.

...A Saint King-level lightning giant had appeared. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

If he did not have the help of the Black Tower, no matter how freakish Ling Han was, he would not be able to match this kind of opponent, but at present, he could directly ignore it. No matter how madly it blasted at him, so what? He just simply advanced ahead, completely at ease.

In the outside world, not one person could see what was happening in the thunderclouds. They only knew that since the thunderclouds had not dissipated, it meant that Ling Han was not dead.

Ling Han quickened his steps. Half a day’s time had already passed a very long time ago; he had to hurry.

The place ahead of him suddenly cleared up. Ling Han was so stunned that he stopped his advance. There was actually a sacrificial altar in the innermost depths of the thunderclouds!

Could it be... that the heavenly tribulation was a man-made entity?

He went closer, yet shook his head continuously. This sacrificial altar did not seem to have been built by human hands, but was rather formed naturally. Mysteriously, there was a force that had molded it into this form.

Perhaps, all the sacrificial altars in the world were also molded into their forms under the influence of this.

The sacrificial altar was very simple, and was only three meters tall. The material it was made of was indistinguishable, and in its center, there was a recess. There was a liquid splashing visibly in it, exuding a refreshing fragrance that could not be described.

“That is the Heavenly Tribulation Fluid,” Small Tower explained. “You’re rich, brat. The Black Tower has opened the sixth level, which allowed you to temporarily develop resonance with the great dao of Lightning, and thus you were able to barge into this place. Otherwise, you would only be capable of obtaining the Heavenly Tribulation Fluid of this Realm when you became a Saint King.”

Ling Han nodded. The Ancient Realm had the restrictions of the Ancient Realm. The strongest power in this Realm was Saint King. Thus, when he became a Saint King, with his strength, he would naturally be able to sweep aside all other Saint Kings, and would similarly be able to barge into the depths of the thunderclouds.

However, this was only limited to the Ancient Realm. If he broke through to Saint King Tier in the Celestial Realm, that was a different story.

“What benefits does the Heavenly Tribulation Fluid have?” Ling Han asked.

“It can help you comprehend the great dao of Lightning,” Small Tower answered.

“Doesn’t the Black Tower contain Lightning Element Regulations?” Ling Han asked curiously.

“That is different. That had been brought in through the Heavenly Venerable Tier gathering the Regulations of the Celestial Realm, and even I am only able to use it. If you want to attain comprehension through it, it would be no different from directly touching the Regulations of Lightning of the Celestial Realm, and would not provide any increase to its effects,” Small Tower explained. Perhaps, now with another level of the Black Tower opening, its mood had also become considerably better. It actually did not act tsundere even after so much time had passed.

Realization dawned on Ling Han, and he walked quickly towards the sacrificial altar. Xiu, xiu, xiu. Multiple lightning giants appeared, and the last had even reached the peak stage of Saint King Tier, wanting to kill Ling Han.

“Hello, heavenly tribulation, goodbye, heavenly tribulation!” Ling Han joked, passing through them. Like no technique could touch him, the attacks of the lightning giants did not have the slightest effect on him.

He arrived at the side of the sacrificial altar, and hurriedly took out the Heavenly tribulation Fluid within the recess, putting it away into the Black Tower.

This was too valuable. He would only get two such chances in this lifetime.

He would get another chance upon becoming a Saint King in the Ancient Realm. HIs defenses were too strong. In future, when he became a Celestial King of the Nine Heavens, he similarly could be invincible and obtain the Heavenly tribulation Fluid another time. But by that time, would he still need the Heavenly tribulation Fluid?

There was not much Heavenly tribulation Fluid, only about a liter. It was gleaming blue like the waters of an ocean, exuding an unusual fragrance that was refreshing to the heart and spirit. There were patterns of great dao rolling about visibly within, as if it contained all the heavens eternally.

Ling Han did not look too long at it. He could slowly study it in future. He stared at the sacrificial altar. There were similarly countless patterns of great dao on it. They had to be linked to the formation of the heavenly tribulation. If he could comprehend them, then wouldn’t he be able to grasp the power of divine punishment?

He studied them very closely, but not too long later, this sacrificial altar mysteriously vanished. The thunderclouds around him had also disappeared without a trace. Ling Han realized that he had reappeared in the galaxy.

Half a day’s time had passed, and the heavenly tribulation had dissipated.

Too bad!

Ling Han couldn’t help but feel that it was a pity. If he was given enough time, he would be able to copy down the patterns of great dao on the sacrificial altar. Even if he couldn’t understand them for the moment, it was fine. He would be able to slowly study them in future.

“Ling Han, what did you discover in the thunderclouds?” All the Saint Kings gathered around him. They were all very curious. Some of them were excited to the point that they couldn’t even speak coherently. Entering into the depths of the thunderclouds was something that had never been successfully done before.

It was naturally impossible for Ling Han to tell the truth. They were only allies; he could not possibly allow these people to know the secret of the Heavenly tribulation Fluid.

“Only even more heavenly tribulation,” he said.

Though the Saint Kings did not believe him, they could do nothing. Ling Han had already said thus, and if they pressed the question, they would have to take the risk of becoming hostile with Ling Han.

Who knew if he still had trump cards in his hands?

Even if he didn’t, as long as they could not definitely kill him, wouldn’t it be an easy task for a Small Saint to flee? Furthermore, once this kind of freak had advanced into Medium Saint, and Great Saint, he would be able to easily kill Saint Kings even with his own strength.

Thus, without the confidence that they would be able to kill him with a single strike, who would want to start a war with Ling Han?