Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1632: Refining Saint Grade alchemical pill

If they had killed Ling Han with that one strike, a rain of blood would have occurred by now.

The 18 Saint Kings were all confused. That had been a fatal attack from each of them, and even if Ling Han had dodged into a Spatial God Tool, his death would’ve been inevitable. Yet now, it was frighteningly quiet all around them. This was too inconceivable. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Inside the Black Tower, Ling Han was also surprised because these 18 Saint Kings were all completely unfamiliar to him.

Just how many Saint Kings were there in the world?

Ling Han was sure that these Saint Kings had all changed their appearances, and their motive was to leave a way of retreat for them—what if they were not able to kill Ling Han? Then it would be impossible for Ling Han to know who they were. They would still be able to ride on Ling Han’s ship, and enter into the Celestial Realm.

“Humph!” He humphed coldly internally. Was there anything so good in this world?

Appearances could be changed, but auras were difficult to change!

Every cultivator had their unique aura. Usually, they could control it from seeping out, but once they attacked, especially when it was done with their full strength, it would definitely be impossible to conceal any longer.

Ling Han had already memorized the auras of these Saint Kings. The next time they met, he only had to force them to attack, and he would be able to distinguish if they were among the attackers today.

“Just you wait!”

There was no need for too long a period of time. Like the Empress, after he had completely stabilized his cultivation level, his strength at the peak stage of Small Saint, he would be able to match the peak stage of the Great Saint Tier. Then, after he advanced into the Medium Saint Tier, he would no longer have to be wary even if he was facing a Saint King.

Even if he could not match a peak stage Saint King, with the strength of his physique, there was absolutely no need for him to fear.

All the Saint Kings were not satisfied with just leaving, and sat cross-legged in the surrounding empty space. It was impossible for a man to suddenly disappear. Ling Han had to have hidden himself with some unknown means.

It was very possible that it was a Celestial Tool!

They refused to believe that he would be able to stay in it forever.

Time passed quickly, and in the blink of an eye, a year had passed. It was as if Ling Han and his group had completely vanished from this world. The Open Clouds King was also one of the 18 Saint Kings that had ambushed Ling Han. He did not sense the reappearance of the link of karma all this while, and was sure that Ling Han was definitely still in this realm.

To Saint Kings, even a wait for a tens of thousands of years was nothing. They were determined to stand by and wait until Ling Han appeared once more.

However, as time passed, the Saint Kings that had stayed behind on Wood Figure Planet naturally realized that Ling Han had not appeared on Cloud Apex Planet, and they all set off in search of him.

“Let’s go!”

The 18 Saint Kings’ expressions changed, and they swiftly left.

If all the Saint Kings were here, then removing those Saint Kings that had come from the equation, those that remained were only those who had ambushed Ling Han. It would be too easy to distinguish them. At present, they didn’t even have any idea where Ling Han was, so they were naturally unwilling to expose their true identities. Immediately, they turned and left.

Not too many days later, they appeared with their original appearances, and pretended to have just found out something had happened, passing themselves off as part of the others who had genuinely no part in the ambush.

Finally, all the Saints left. This galaxy returned once more to a dark, cold, and solitary place.

Within the Black Tower, Small Tower brought a piece of good news to Ling Han. The Reincarnation Tree had sprouted again, and could be used once more!

Experiencing rebirth after death, the Reincarnation Tree was also greatly improved. It could simultaneously accommodate as many as 100 people comprehending Dao, and one day of comprehension was equivalent to 100 years, which meant that the flow of time would be sped up by 30,000 times and more.

Ling Han was overjoyed. Without the help of the Reincarnation Tree, his grasp of Regulations in this one year had progressed pitifully slowly. He hurriedly began his comprehension of Dao beneath the tree, and the others did the same. They only knew how much the Reincarnation Tree had been of help to them after they had lost it.

After a mere half year’s time, Ling Han had truly reached the peak of the Small Saint Tier.

This also meant that if he comprehended Dao in the outside world, he would need close to 20,000 years to do the same thing, so the value of the Reincarnation Tree was imaginable.

After stabilizing his cultivation level, Ling Han did not rush to break through to the Medium Saint Tier.

His accumulation was not enough, so if he forcefully broke through, it would only result in death.

And to possess enough accumulation, he would either have to settle for countless years, and accumulate slowly for the final burst, or depend on alchemical pills. Only then would he be able to avoid having his vitality and life force sucked dry when he increased his cultivation level and had inadequate accumulation.

Ling Han naturally chose the second option. Firstly, the first option was too slow, and secondly, he was the Alchemy Emperor. Was he an idiot not to take alchemical pills now?

However, everything of Saint Grade was difficult to grasp. Ling Han did not hurry to make his move. Instead, he made his preparation work so that he would first advance into Saint Tier in terms of alchemy. Good tools were prerequisite to the successful execution of a job.

Another year later, Ling Han finally stopped his probing into the path of alchemy. He already had a preliminary grasp, and could attempt concocting Saint Grade alchemical pills.

However, to concoct Saint Pills, there was need to use Saintly medicine as the main ingredients. There were not many such ingredients in Ling Han’s possession. Previously, in the treasure exchange, he had only managed to trade for three.

“Three, if I’m lucky, I can refine three cauldrons’ worth of Saint Grade alchemical pills, and even if all of them were a success, there would only be about 10.

“This is already enough!”

He and the Empress would each consume five pills, and that would be enough to satisfy the frightening demand for energy after they entered into Medium Saint Tier. And once they became Medium Saints, they would no longer have to fear Saint Kings. They could completely go and rob the various lands of the Great Saints.

Too bad, though the Reincarnation Tree was closer to Celestial level, it would only be able to increase their comprehension. There was practically no effect on the increase of Origin Power. Otherwise, Ling Han would not be having such a headache.

He began the concoction process cautiously. Because there were only three Saintly medicines, there was definitely no error that could be allowed to happen.

Three months later, Ling Han had finished concocting the first cauldron of alchemical pills.

“They have succeeded, but their grade has not reached my expectations.” Ling Han shook his head regretfully. However, succeeding upon his first time of concocting Saint Grade alchemical pills, his ability in alchemy was definitely top in the present Immortal Realm.

Though the Hardship Alchemy Saint had also concocted Saint Pills before, he had sacrificed 10 Saintly medicines in the process, and he could not guarantee that it would succeed every single time. Thus, usually no one would use Saintly medicines to concoct alchemical pills. Instead, they would be consuming them directly.

“Again!”

With the experience from one successful attempt, Ling Han naturally was more confident and proficient. Half a year later, another two cauldrons of Saint Grade alchemical pills were successfully concocted, and their grade improved with each subsequent cauldron.

“There is really not enough time!” he mused ruefully.

He presently had already advanced to the Saint Tier, and could inscribe Saint Grade killing formations in his body. But previously, he had been focused on stabilizing his cultivation level of Small Saint Tier, which was followed by his study of alchemy and concocting alchemical pills, and there had not been any time for him to focus on formations.

Thankfully, he still had the Reincarnation Tree. Otherwise, he would definitely not have enough time to study formations in the next 100,000 years.

“I can set formations to one side first. When I have become a Medium Saint, I will boost my grasp of formations in one go!”

Both he and the Empress made their final preparations, then each took five Saint Grade alchemical pills, and appeared in the galaxy.

They separated to avoid being mistakenly pulled into each other’s heavenly tribulation. Who knew what a doubled heavenly tribulation would be like, and there was definitely no one who wanted to find out.

They released their aura, and thunderclouds suddenly arrived. The whole universe became very repressed.

When they broke through to the Small Saint Tier, what they experienced was equivalent to the tribulation for a Great Saint, and now that they were advancing into Medium Saint Tier, wouldn’t it have to be a tribulation for a Saint King?

Crack!

Two bolts of lightning struck towards Ling Han and the Empress, respectively, practically at the same time, and in this process, the two bolts of lightning all took human form. Weng, a frightening aura surged out. It was actually Saint King Tier!