Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1634: Two Mystical Powers

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Slightly less than half a day later, the lightning’s might had finally passed, which was a little similar to the heavenly tribulation.

Ling Han had already turned completely into mud, and this was still because he had cultivated the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll. Otherwise, there was definitely no Genesis Tier in this world that would dare drink the Heavenly tribulation Fluid so directly like this.

However, after the pain, the benefits were here.

The great dao of Lightning Element unfurled in Ling Han’s mind, but it was not complete. It was formed from countless shards. However, there were some shards that were larger, and there were some shards that were so small that they could not be seen with the naked eye.

Being incomplete was normal. After all, this was Heavenly tribulation Fluid that had only been obtained in the Ancient Realm, so there naturally was an upper limit to it.

To Ling Han, this was actually already enough. He would not be able to grasp Regulations of great dao that were too profound anyways.

Time was limited, and Ling Han chose the “large pieces” for comprehension.

Regulations were difficult to comprehend in the first place, what more when they were in an incomplete state. Thus, this naturally meant that he had to find relatively complete larger pieces for comprehension. For Ling Han’s present cultivation level, the larger pieces were just right.

A day passed, and Ling Han had comprehended Dao for an entire century underneath the Reincarnation Tree!

He opened his eyes, yet had absolutely no intention of standing up. He took another small sip of the Heavenly tribulation Fluid, but now that he had experience, he took a considerably smaller sip. Even so, he was still horribly tormented.

Though Divine Demon Sword had not yet become a Celestial Tool, even a Severing Mundane Ancestor would not be able to look down on the strength of its destructive ability. The Heavenly Tribulation Fluid was similar. Though Ling Han had only taken a tiny sip, its destructive ability was still incredibly violent.

After a day, Ling Han took another sip.

Underneath the Reincarnation Tree, he split the Heavenly Tribulation Fluid into a few hundred portions. After a whole year, he finally managed to drink all these portions of Heavenly Tribulation Fluid, and he had also advanced by leaps and bounds in terms of the Lightning Element great dao.

“Extermination Lightning!

“Lightning Flash!”

Ling Han had gained two Mystical Powers in total. They could also be considered celestial techniques because he had a feeling that once he unlocked the upper limit of his cultivation level, these two techniques could be strengthened, and continue to increase their might.

The Extermination Lightning was a bit like the power of lightning that he had obtained through observing the heavenly tribulation, but observing only allowed him to make an imitation. It was a different story now. He had truly gained the core power of the heavenly tribulation.

Lightning could destroy the world as it represented divine punishment. Even Saint Kings would have to fear it.

It could be cast alone, or he could also embed it into the Lightning Sword Technique to replace the original power of lightning so that its might would be improved to another level.

And Lightning Flash could allow his speed to be as swift as the lightning of the heavenly tribulation!

What kind of concept was this?

The speed of the heavenly tribulation was something that no one could possibly manage to dodge, and they could only receive it head-on. And Ling Han had learnt this kind of extreme speed, which meant that whether he was pursuing an enemy, or using it to flee from a powerful foe, it would be a piece of cake for him.

“I can’t maintain this kind of extreme speed for very long,” Ling Han said to himself. “However, it would be enough for pursuit and escaping from a siege.

“Actually, this is a little like the Thunderclap Ninth Heaven, but it surpasses the latter by who knows how many times.

“And now, to the Two Realm Battlefield!

“If the Open Clouds King chases over, I can just use him as a testing dummy! However, since I killed Zhong Badu, I have already undergone the heavenly tribulation twice, and the link of karma should have already disappeared.”

His link of karma had vanished, but the Empress’s had not. After she eliminated Zhong Ye, she had only gone through the heavenly tribulation once.

“Hoho, Open Clouds King, do you dare to come?”

Ling Han exited the Black Tower, and unfurled a golden path, heading towards Cloud Apex Planet.

He was almost close to arriving, and he immediately received a piece of good news. The Rain Emperor had broken through!

Saint Tier!

The Rain Emperor greeted the heavenly tribulation in the galaxy. It was very straining on him.

On one hand, it was because he had also merged the Regulations of the two Realms like how Ling Han and the Empress had. It was clearly only supposed to be a Small Saint tribulation, yet its might was comparable to a Great Saint tribulation. Yet the Rain Emperor had not cultivated the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll or the Nine Deaths Heaven Art, nor did he have a Celestial King technique for protection, so he naturally almost died.

But the Rain Emperor’s toughness was extraordinarily shocking. No matter how much he was struck, he would not collapse. He would always find the slightest chance of survival in a situation of complete hopelessness. He just barely survived this half a day’s time, and successfully advanced into the Genesis Tier. Furthermore, his accumulation of Origin Power had directly spiked to the peak stage of the Small Saint Tier.

And it was just the three of them. Even Ding Ping and Jiuyao, the two disciples that Ling Han valued highly, did not have such astonishing natural talent. However, they had formed about 5,000,000 stars, but had already stagnated for a very, very long time. Most likely, it would be very difficult for them to take another step forwards.

Ling Han, the Empress, and the Rain Emperor simultaneously entered into the Two Realm Battlefield. If they could boost the merging of the two Realms, then they would be rewarded by the heaven and earth. They naturally would not throw away this kind of benefit.

But none of them had any experience in merging two Realms, and could only fumble around on their own.

As the three investigated, they attempted various methods, and gradually gained experience. They could feel that the heaven and earth of both Realms were calling out to them, as if they were expressing a longing to them.

As expected, the two Realms were indeed advancing in the direction of merging, but with how destruction and creation were on two opposing sides, this rate of merging was chillingly slow. Going by the normal course of events, the Reincarnation Tree might already normally grow to its full potential, and these two Realms would be still slowly dawdling towards each other.

The three of them took the roles of cores, and using themselves as a bridge, they connected the two realms. Suddenly, three pillars of light shot skywards in the Two Realm Battlefield. Whether it was the Immortal Realm or the Netherworld, they could all see clearly. The heaven and earth close to this area was trembling, as if an astonishing change was about to take place.

The merging of the two Realms was speeding up!

Ling Han and the others exchanged looks, all of them looking pleasantly surprised. Because they were acting as bridges, they had one hand connected to the Netherworld, and the other was connected to the Immortal Realm. The Regulations of the two Realms were circulating inside their bodies, which was swiftly increasing their comprehension of cultivation level, and the accumulation of their Origin Power was also increasing. With every passing breath, a star would be born in their Dantian.

Even if there was no reward from the heaven and earth after the two Realms had merged, this kind of benefit was already great enough!

Xiu, it was at this moment that a figure arrived through a tear in space, exuding an endless might. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

The expressions of Ling Han and the others changed drastically. This person was too strong, actually giving off a feeling that they were completely no match for that individual. Ling Han grabbed the Empress and the Rain Emperor without hesitation, and had instantly arrived at an endless distance away in a flash of lightning.

However, he did not even manage to get his breath back when he saw that person actually rapidly pursued them at a speed that was not very much slower than Ling Han. Furthermore, looking at the relaxed and easy way it was done, it was definitely not like how Ling Han could only have a momentary burst of speed.

“Don’t be nervous. I have come under the command of the Young Imperial Empress!” the person said, and the chaotic aura over the person dissipated, showing the true appearance.

This was a woman who looked to be in her thirties. Her appearance definitely could not be considered pretty. In fact, she couldn’t even be called plain; she was truthfully a little ugly.

Meanwhile, Ling Han hesitated for a moment before subconsciously asking, “Hu Niu?”

“The Young Imperial Empress has been bestowed with the name Tianyun!” the woman said solemnly, her expression reverent, as if there was presently a powerful figure standing in front of her.

Ling Han wore a strange expression. He was starting to believe that this woman had been sent by Hu Niu. The reason was very simple: she was ugly!

How could the little jealous lover possibly send a beauty to meet with him!