Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1639: Astonishing toughness

As the Open Clouds King continued to battle, he continued to flee.

Ling Han, meanwhile, endlessly sniped at him. This person possessed the power of time, and could be claimed to be the strongest threat to him in the entire Immortal Realm. He had to kill him this time round, or with how cowardly the Open Clouds King was, he would definitely relocate his lair in future, and would no longer be found.

...Ling Han could not possibly stay forever in the Ancient Realm to hunt down this person.

‘Die!’

“Despicable brat, don’t go too far!” the Open Clouds King roared in fury. A mere Medium Saint even dared to pursue a peak stage Saint King. Even if Ling Han’s battle prowess was indeed a match for the peak stage Saint King’s, he would still become a joke.

Of course, what he was more concerned about now was his own life. As long as he managed to flee, he would definitely not allow Ling Han to find him again.

Ling Han did not say anything. There was nothing much that he wanted to say to the Open Clouds King. It was destined that he would kill this Saint King, so what need was there for him to waste his breath on meaningless words? He did not worry about the Empress, the Rain Emperor, and the others. They were all already Saints, and had enough strength to protect themselves.

The Open Clouds King continued to flee, but faced with Ling Han’s extreme speed, how could he manage to flee successfully?

Initially, Saints—whether they were Small Saints, Great Saints, or Saint Kings—were individuals no one would be able to stop from fleeing. But faced with Ling Han who had cultivated extreme speed, this was like having met with the nemesis of Saints.

The Open Clouds King continued to use the power of time to block Ling Han. This was indeed effective, endlessly slowing down Ling Han’s speed. However, once their distance grew slightly, the power of time’s effects would not be able to be released to the fullest. Immediately, Ling Han would catch up with him again, and however hard he tried, he could not throw him off his tail.

Flee, flee, flee, like a stray dog.

The Open Clouds King was filled with hatred. His target destination was the Open Clouds Forbidden Land. Though there was not a single Saint King there that could lend him a helping hand, there was a top-grade Saint Tool there, as well as a formation that he had spent a few hundred millions years to set up.

He was a man that feared death, so he naturally had to perfect his lair as much as possible. With him, the formation, and the Saint Tool, he was confident that even if there were 10 peak stage Saint Kings, he would be able to stop them, so what need would there be for him to fear Ling Han then?

Peng! Peng! Peng!

As he fled, it was inevitable that there would be a bloody battle the whole way. However, Saint Kings were really too strong. Even if they were severely wounded, it did not affect their battle prowess a single bit. The Open Clouds King was still strong, stubbornly rushing back to his lair.

Fear of death was actually also a very strong motivation. Furthermore, who among those who had reached the Saint King Tier in the Ancient Realm was not an extraordinarily talented genius? The Open Clouds King had this kind of strong obsession; he was determined to get back to his lair.

This caused him to release a strong fighting spirit. What if he was heavily injured? He’d just forcibly stabilize his wounds first with Origin Power.

As they ran and battled all the while, close to three years’ time had actually flown by!

The Open Clouds King already lost a leg and an arm, and there was also a large hole in his chest that had gone through to the other side. He had also lost his left ear, and half his mouth was missing, but he still used his Origin Power to form a replacement leg and arm. His speed did not decrease, and his battle prowess was practically unchanged, either.

On the other hand, with the channeling of the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll, there was not the slightest injury on Ling Han’s body. He was only filled with a blazing fighting spirit. When compared, the gap between the two of them was really too wide.

However, Ling Han was still rueful. Saint Kings were really too hard to kill. He had clearly forced the other into such a tragic state, yet he had still not managed to succeed even after pursuing him for a whole three years. Yet now that they had reached this state, Ling Han was even more unwilling to give up.

The Open Clouds King was close to complete exhaustion. He had endured such heavy injuries, yet did not have the slightest bit of time to heal himself. Instead, he was still fighting a fierce battle. This naturally would only cause his injuries to become heavier and heavier. If he had not been a peak stage Saint King, then there would have been no need for Ling Han to attack him again, and merely his injuries would have worn him down to death.

Ling Han’s expression was cold. With the channeling of the Immovable Deity Metal Body Mystical Power, and unleashing various celestial techniques, he once again stopped the Open Clouds King from going further, and the two engaged in a large battle.

The Open Clouds King shouted repeatedly in rage. There was only a year’s journey from this place back to his lair, but his injuries were already very, very severe. Even if Ling Han did not attack him again, he only had to continuously pressure him, and it was still possible that he would die during the one remaining year.

He had to heal his injuries, or it would only be a slow death. But to heal his injuries, he had to first kill or throw Ling Han off his tail, and he could do neither of these two feats.

If it had been another Saint King, they probably would have turned around and fought Ling Han to the death by now. Compared with dying in such a cowardly manner, why not just have a vigorous battle? But the Open Clouds King was different. He had an obsession with continuing to live that no other person could imagine.

He continued to flee, his battered body showing endless toughness. He wanted to live! Live! Live!

The two of them still maintained the same rhythm. The Open Clouds King battled as he fled, and Ling Han battled as he pursued, and another half a year’s time had unknowingly passed.

Now that things had progressed to this stage, even Ling Han was very impressed with the Open Clouds King. Such toughness and such powerful desire for survival were really too amazing.

However, this would not shake Ling Han’s resolve to kill him.

The Open Clouds King definitely had to die!

With a battle cry, the broken wooden sword struck. A grand light blazed out, once more stopping the Open Clouds King from going further.

“Damn brat, don’t think you can kill me!” The Open Clouds King’s utterly damaged body moved, and charged out to attack Ling Han. Peng, under the battering, his injuries worsened a few more degrees, and he coughed up blood repeatedly.

That was the blood essence of a Saint King. There were not even that many drops in his body, yet now they were beaten straight out of him.

He did not wish to clash head-on with Ling Han, but there was nothing else that could be done. If he did not put his life on the line now, that would only end in his death.

Return to his base!

That was his obsession that suppressed all else.

Ling Han set out in pursuit, his offensive incredibly berserk. Hunting down a single person for a whole three and a half years’ time was something that he had never done before, but who asked him to be only a Medium Saint at present? Being able to pursue and hunt down a peak stage Saint King while he himself was only a Medium Saint, what else did he have to be dissatisfied with?

Fight, fight, fight. Flee, flee, flee. After another half a year’s time, the Open Clouds Forbidden Land was already close at hand, and the Open Clouds King did not look like anything close to a human figure.

All his blood had been burnt to nothing by now, and he did not look any different from a skeleton. He had just about finished burning all his life force, and on his face, his two eyes were gone, only leaving behind two dark eye sockets that exuded a creepy light, as if he himself was a dead spirit.

He had finally arrived!

The Open Clouds King tore a rip into space. The Forbidden Land was hidden in a galaxy, and no one who was not a Saint King would be able to discover and open it. His figure entered, and Ling Han pursued without any hesitation, continuing his attacks.

“Damn brat, hand over your life!” The Open Clouds King released a loud laugh. As he beckoned with one hand, a flash of cold light shot from the Forbidden Land, and was gripped by his hand. It was a three-pronged halberd. The blade of the halberd was covered densely with patterns, and there was a paramount aura encircling it.

At the same time, the whole Forbidden Land came to life. That was the formation having been activated. Endless Spiritual Qi gathered, turning into a massive ancient copper dragon.

The Open Clouds King stood on the dragon’s head, looking disdainfully at Ling Han. Now that he had a God Tool in hand, and the ancient formation had been activated, he felt full of confidence. All his self-confidence had returned, and he no longer feared having to battle Ling Han to the death.

“Ancestor!” In the Forbidden Land, everyone exclaimed in shock.

This skeleton was their ancestor?

Hiss, the Open Clouds King was a peak stage Saint King who had the bloodline of the Dragon Tribe. As long as it was not the last moment of their lives, those of their clan would be able to maintain a flourishing vitality. How could they possibly have exhausted their vitality in this manner? Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

T-t-t-this, what kind of frighteningly strong foe had he encountered!?