Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1641: Following the tracks

If the Open Clouds King had not betrayed the Heavenly River King, then the Open Clouds King should have entered into the Celestial Realm by now, and who knew, maybe he would have already become a Severing Mundane Ancestor.

But now?

He still had not managed to truly obtain a Celestial King technique, nor had he become a Celestial being, and his bloodline had completely been wiped out. This could be considered his just desserts.

Ling Han shook his head, and conducted a thorough search. He found some Godly metal, as well as a Saintly medicine. He naturally took them without reservations. Then, he sat down in a cross-legged position. After continuously battling for four years, his body was naturally unbearably worn out.

Even if he was a Saint, he would need a good rest after a continuous four-year battle.

‘Hmm?’

Ling Han immediately discovered that when his body had recovered to his prime condition, the surge of Origin Power had not stopped. instead, it continued to surge in his body. Multiple stars appeared in his Dantian at an extremely swift rate.

The accumulation of his Origin Power was increasing at a very fast pace!

Ling Han couldn’t help but be overjoyed. This had really exceeded his expectations. He had not thought that his battle prowess would actually obtain such a massive improvement after such a long drawn-out battle.

He naturally would not let this opportunity pass him by. He hurriedly comprehended Dao beneath the Reincarnation Tree, allowing his Origin Power and appreciation to soar simultaneously.

After a whole half month’s time, he finally stopped, and the number of stars in his Dantian had reached 50,000,000 in total!

50,000,000!

The upper limit of a Medium Saint was 100,000 stars. This meant that he was already half the way there, and when he had completely cultivated the middle stage of the Medium Saint Tier, he only needed to form one more star, and he would have stepped into the late stage of the Medium Saint Tier.

Amazing!

Should he find a few more Saint Kings to hunt down?

Ling Han thought for a while, and involuntarily shook his head. Firstly, if it was not the Open Clouds King, it would be very hard for him to have such an urgent determination to kill him. Worse came to worst, he would just wait for a while, and when he had become a Great Saint, he would then go on to kill his target.

Secondly, it was only a maniac like the Open Clouds King that would flee for his life as long as four years’ time. If it had been any other Saint King that had more of a spine, he would have long since thrown his life on the line and fought him head-on. In the worst scenario, it would only mean death.

This was no longer as simple a matter as a good opponent, but the level of mania.

He stood up, preparing to return to Wood Figure Planet. Though most of his crew were in the Black Tower, the Empress and the Rain Emperor were still there.

Returning naturally would also need around four years’ time, and as Ling Han traveled, he did not forget about ingesting alchemical pills and cultivating. For one that had reached a height that he had, as long as he was not in battle, he could cultivate at any time.

However, the pills he ingested were naturally not of Saint Grade, so their effects were considerably limited, but a mosquito was still meat no matter how small it was.

He traveled all alone in the universe for four years, and finally returned to Wood Figure Planet.

Eight years had passed since the last time all the Saints had battled. All the opposing Saint Kings had left Wood Figure Planet. What they were worried about now was that Ling Han would seek them out for revenge. Once Ling Han had advanced into the Great Saint Tier, there would definitely be no one capable of matching him in the whole Immortal Realm.

Most likely, these Forbidden Lands had all moved elsewhere and fled.

Ling Han was in no rush to seek them out for revenge, either. His battle with the Open Clouds King allowed him to know that with his present strength, wanting to kill a Saint King was really too difficult. He had best work hard on cultivation, and boost up his abilities. By then, he would be able to easily suppress Saint Kings.

He was slightly surprised. He had already returned to Wood Figure Planet, so why did no one come out to meet him?

As his divine sense swept over, he discovered that there was actually not one Saint-level individual here.

Could it be that those opposing Saint Kings had all made a comeback, and the Empress, the Star Sand Saint, and the others were forced to flee?

Ling Han called over a disciple, and after some questions, he found out that an ancient site had appeared a few years ago, which had drawn the Empress and even the Star Sand Saint and the others to explore it, and they had yet to return.

This ancient site had never appeared before this. No one had detailed information about it, and that disciple could not give him any concrete information.

Ling Han let all the people in the Black Tower come out. Though the effect of cultivating underneath the Reincarnation Tree was the best, they could not constantly stay inside forever.

He decided to take a trip and check out that ancient site. The Empress and the others had left five years ago, and had not returned even now. Perhaps they had encountered some kind of danger, so he naturally could not just sit by and wait.

He, the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden, and the Notionless Saint set out. The others had not advanced into the Saint Tier, so even if they went, they would be of no help.

That ancient site was not too far from Wood Figure Planet, only a galaxy away. With the speed of a starship, it would need about one to two months’ time of traveling, but under the feet of a Saint, only half a day’s time was needed.

The three of them soon arrived in this galaxy. They could see that a mountain range had abruptly appeared in this initially empty galaxy. It was simply afloat in the galaxy, but it was as if this mountain range was enveloped in an endless fog. It was incredibly vague, as if it did not exist in this world.

Because this was a small world, they could not directly barge in, and had to enter through a specific entrance.

There was no need to search thoroughly for it, because the three of them were not the only ones here. In the area ahead of them, they could see a great number of starships parked, as if they formed a galactic fortress. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

The three of them curbed their auras, and approached with a single step. Otherwise, if their saintly might spread here, there would be no one able to remain standing here.

Ling Han did not like having others kneel in front of him. He had absolutely no need for such expressions of vanity.

Here, there was a doorway, which showed a path that led to the small world. It was clearly visible, unlike that mountain range which was enshrouded in cloud and fog.

“Yo, this girl is quite pretty!” Someone gave a wolf whistle at the sight of the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden.

The opening of this ancient site had drawn innumerable forces. There were not only Saint Tier ones; the majority was actually Eternal River Tier forces. This was the more common level of forces in the Immortal Realm. Now there were so many, it was inevitable that good and bad people would be intermingled, and all kinds of characters would be here.

This was a young man in the Sun Moon Tier. Relatively speaking, his natural talent could be considered quite extraordinary.

The Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden turned around, and threw him a glare. A frightening aura solidified. Peng, the person was abruptly sent flying, blood spraying madly from his mouth. He spat out over a dozen mouthfuls of blood before finally stopping, his face completely pale and his body covered in a cold sweat.

He did not even dare to say a word. Once he got back to his feet, he hurriedly turned and fled.

Ling Han naturally would not take it to heart. He observed this ancient site, sensing the aura that was radiating from the passageway to obtain a direct observation beforehand.

The Saints actually were not able to come out of this kind of place even with five years’ time? Was it too big? Or was there a precious treasure, yet it was hidden too well, and more time was needed to find it? Or had they started a bloody battle over the treasure, and the victor had yet to be decided?

“Let’s go!” The Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden tugged on Ling Han’s sleeve.

Ling Han nodded. Since he could not understand with mere observation, he would just have to go in. His wife and brother were both inside. If he didn’t go in and look around for himself, his heart would not be able to rest easy.

“Yi, Senior Brother Ling!” A voice filled with pleasant surprise rang out. Long Xiangyue leaped over, her pretty face wearing a smile, enchantingly beautiful and exquisite.

Ling Han paused slightly, and smilingly asked, “Why are you here?”

“I accompanied Aunty out to drive away her worries, and just happened to hear that an ancient site had opened here, so I came with Aunty to take a look,” she replied quickly as she made a beckoning gesture behind her. True enough, Long Yushan was presently standing there.

It looked like Long Yushan had not wanted to see Ling Han in the first place, but having her niece exposing her like this, she had no choice but to walk over.

“Yi!” When she saw Ling Han, she couldn’t help but be extremely stunned, and exclaim in spite of herself. “You have actually advanced into the Saint Tier!”

These words were said very softly and very quickly, so it was likely that no one had heard her aside from herself.

This was too inconceivable. Over a dozen years ago, Ling Han had only been in the pinnacle level of the Eternal River Tier, and now he was already a Saint?