Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1646: Summit giant

Ling Han had a pleasant and wonderful night.

He and the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden were lovey-dovey and hands-on with each other, and with his tireless effort, he unlocked a few more positions with the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden, which intensified his interest. He really wanted to have a more in-depth study of the subject with the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden in the Black Tower. Unfortunately, they had not come here on a romantic retreat.

After a night of rest, all of them were energized. The Spiritual Qi here was really too dense. Even if only a single day had passed, their improvement was still obvious.

They continued their journey.

One day, two days, three days. Because there were no longer any attacks from Demonic Beasts like the black panther, they were not delayed. Their speed was still very fast, and they could finally see the summit by the fourth day.

Being able to see the summit and arriving at the summit was naturally two different things, and when they saw the summit, all of them were stunned.

That was because this mountain peak had actually been severed in half!

From the part that had been severed, it could be deduced that there should still be a very great distance until the nonexisting mountain top, so when this mountain had been whole, just how tall would it have been?

This was too astonishing!

Ling Han and his group all shook their heads. They had never seen any mountain peak in the Immortal Realm that could reach such a height. This was practically melding a great star into the shape of a mountain peak!

When this thought streaked through their minds, they all started, and then exchanged a look. This was not impossible.

From afar, they could already feel the pressure that emanated from the summit. That was a stronger aura than a Saint’s. There was merely a slight wisp, and it was enough to make them feel as if their saintly bodies were about to crumble.

Long Xiangyue naturally couldn’t bear it, and Long Yushan drew her inside her Spatial God Tool. After they traveled to a higher level, even the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden, the Notionless Saint, and Long Yushan could not bear it any longer. They could only stop, and watch as Ling Han continued to ascend the mountain.

Ling Han traveled for several thousand miles, and his footsteps were also beginning to slow down. Now that he had come this far, even he dared not make any large movements.

The pressure here was too terrifying. Thus, the slightest breeze could turn into a frighteningly destructive blade of wind. With one strike from this blade, even Ling Han’s skin would be sliced open.

Thankfully, his Godly bones were even sturdier, and this was not enough to kill him.

The Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll circulated, and he healed his injuries as he continued his way up the mountain.

He was an extremely curious person, and was determined to see what was exactly there on top of the mountain.

He traveled for another 1,000 and more miles. Ling Han took every step with great difficulty. Even the weakest footstep could create a frightening blade of wind that would shatter his Godly bones upon first contact.

He could only make it this far.

Ling Han stopped, and focused his Origin Power completely on his eyes. The Eye of Truth activated, and he looked towards the summit.

With his present cultivation level, the Eye of Truth was actually not very useful anymore. But no matter what, it was still a Mystical Power, so using it would still definitely be slightly better than not using it.

Far in the distance, the scene that was initially vague slowly became clearer, and he could just barely make out something there.

Ling Han narrowed his eyes; his sight penetrating such a pressured space would have great negative effects on him as well. He felt a great pain in his eyes, as if he was about to be blinded. He did not give up. Instead, he focused even more Origin Power into his eyes.

“Humph!” He suddenly turned around, and tears of blood were actually streaming from his eyes as he felt a sharp pain in them.

He hurriedly channeled the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll, and under its repeated healing, he finally felt that his eyes had recovered slightly.

However, he had ultimately glimpsed the scene at the mountain top, though it was just a single glimpse.

Where the mountain peak was broken off, there was a black-colored rock. There was no tree nor a single blade of grass, and in the most central position of the broken peak, a person was seated on the ground. He was incredibly tall, as tall as 3,000 meters, his whole body green as if he was a tree himself.

This person was extremely strange!

The upper half of his body was indeed human in form, yet he had a pair of massive bull horns, but from the chest downwards, he had the form of a deer, with an additional four limbs. Whether it was the deer part or the human part, they were covered with multiple green-colored seals that exuded an endless air of life and vitality.

Yet this person was dead!

There was a hole in his forehead. It was not very big, possibly about as wide as a single finger’s width, but it was this hole that immediately drew Ling Han’s gaze.

Though Ling Han had only caught one glimpse, he had spent half of it on looking at this injury.

It seemed to have an endless attraction to him, and he couldn’t help but stare at it.

And it was this hole that had taken the life of this green-colored giant.

...Having his spirit pierced, so what if his body was still unscathed?

This giant with the body of a deer had a green-colored blood flowing from him, and it was this that nurtured all the plants that covered the whole mountain. Perhaps the forest of the whole mountain range had been nurtured from his blood.

This person had to have cultivated Wood Element Regulations, and that was why his vitality seeped out, and turned this Mystery Realm into an ocean of vegetation after he had died. Of course, it was also because of him that such pressure that even Saints could not possibly approach the summit filled this area.

Ling Han recalled the last detail that he had seen. It was not that there was completely no vegetation on the mountain top. There was actually an incredibly small plant by the side of the giant with a deer’s body. It was less than a foot tall, and had sprouted a verdant fruit.

He did not know what fruit it was, but he was absolutely sure that being able to grow in such an environment, it definitely had to be Celestial medicine!

Unfortunately, he could not obtain it!

Ling Han sighed. This was really too cruel. The Celestial medicine was right in front of his eyes, yet he could only look at it helplessly and sigh. However, he was a man that could go with the flow. Immediately, he turned around, and headed down the mountain.

The most important goal for him now was to find the Empress and the others. When he found them, then he would consider how he was to obtain that Celestial medicine.

Ling Han turned around and left, but he had not traveled very far when he got a very strange feeling. He stopped, and this kind of feeling abruptly vanished. He set out again, but it was only a while, and the strange feeling had returned.

He swiftly walked down the mountain, and the farther he went, the weaker and weaker the blades of wind became, which allowed him to use movement techniques and not be sliced into pieces by those wind blades.

He used Lightning Flash, and his speed reached the true limits of the Immortal Realm. His speed could match the speed of a heavenly tribulation. And as expected, that strange feeling disappeared once more.

He stopped, and thought, ‘Could it be that there is something following me?’

Otherwise, there was no other way to explain that strange feeling.

He once again set out, but not too much time had passed, and that feeling actually came back again.

Ling Han suddenly turned around, but there was absolutely nothing behind him. There was only a wide expanse of trees, and that strange feeling had again vanished at the same time.

This was too strange!

Ling Han turned back around, and walked at a very slow speed. After he had walked for at least 30 minutes, he suddenly made a rapid turn, used Lightning Flash, and streaked in the direction behind him. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

In that instant, Ling Han’s expression involuntarily became incredibly strange because he finally discovered the source of that strange feeling that he had been getting.

He had indeed been followed, but the culprit was not a human, nor was it a Demonic Beast.

Instead, it was... a bone!

It was more than a foot long and completely snow white. It stood upright as if it had two legs, and the instant it saw Ling Han swiftly return, it actually looked like it was about to turn and break into a run.