Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1652: Destroyer

Ling Han was not sure whether Xiao Gu would bring a calamity of destruction to this place, but he could confirm one fact, and that was that Xiao Gu was definitely as incompatible as fire and water with the people here.

...To be more exact, it should be filled with animosity towards this kind of cultivation system.

Xiao Gu took the initiative to charge out, green light shooting from its eyes and wound around its hands. The light was filled with thriving vitality, yet its destructive power was boundless. Even a Saint King would be in big trouble if he was touched even a bit by that green light.

However, the five elites all drew upon the power of the tribe. This could be considered as a different kind of power of the nation. With the help of such a power boost, the black rings on them had enlarged greatly.

“Charge!” They rushed forwards, beginning a fierce battle with Xiao Gu.

As for Ling Han and the others, they did not take them to heart at all. It was very obvious that all of them were very much weaker than them. Once they killed Xiao Gu, they could just calmly deal with the lot of them.

Xiao Gu was really very strong. Its battle prowess was considerably stronger than even ordinary peak stage Saint Kings, and could be considered a big shot among Saint Kings, but it was facing five Saint Kings, and they were Saint Kings that had drawn on power of the nation!

These five people were too powerful, especially the chief of the Yuan Tribe. He initially was already a peak stage Saint King with frightening battle prowess, but added with the boost from power of the nation, it seemed like he had broken through the limits of Saint King Tier and had become terrifyingly strong.

Xiao Gu was unafraid, and battled fiercely with the five of them.

Its disadvantage was that it was only a bone; even its body was formed from forcibly condensing the elite of heaven and earth into solid form, and not a real body. This naturally affected its battle prowess. However, it was indeed very strong. It fiercely blasted out green light with astonishing destructive power that even the five great elites were incredibly wary of.

But under the siege formed by the combined forces of the five great elites, it was still at a disadvantage, and this was something that nothing could be done about. That was because its opponents were too strong. Any single one of them had the battle prowess of a peak stage Saint King, and the strongest among them had already exceeded this level.

“Step back,” Ling Han said to the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden and the others. Then, with a battle cry, he also charged into the battle.

He was going to lend Xiao Gu a helping hand.

“You are overestimating yourself!” the fourth elder sneered, and pressed out a palm towards Ling Han.

Lightning Flash!

Ling Han suddenly sped up. Xiu, at this moment, his speed had reached the limits of the Ancient Realm, and in a way that the fourth elder completely did not expect and was not alert for, he charged right in front of the former, and shot out a punch right at the other’s head, the Nine Heavens Flame blazing on his fist.

With this kind of extreme speed, anyone would be hit if he was not on the alert!

But a Saint King was still a Saint King, after all, what more when he possessed peak battle prowess. The fourth elder suddenly spat out a mouthful of vitality in this kind of situation, and forced his body to swiftly lean backwards, trying to avoid this punch from Ling Han.

At the same time, he shot out a flying kick aimed straight at Ling Han’s chest to prevent the threat that came from Ling Han’s continuous approach.

It could be said that in his present condition, such a reaction was the most logical.

Ling Han humphed, and his fist descended, landing on the fourth elder’s knee cap.

Peng!

The punch landed, and a terrible scream was heard. The fourth elder had already been sent flying. One of his legs had been blown apart, and with how frightening the destructive power of the Nine Heavens Flame was, the flames were still spreading upwards from his knee, intending to burn his whole person to nothing. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

The fourth elder was very decisive, and severed his body with a hand from the hip downwards, so he was sliced in half. In this way, though he had still sustained serious injury, he had removed a fatal threat to his life.

“Fourth!” the other four elites all exclaimed in shock.

“I’m fine!” the fourth elder exclaimed, his face pale. In truth, the damage he had suffered was extremely serious. He had forcibly severed the lower half of his body, and lost a great amount of blood essence. Even if he was a Saint King, he would need a great many years to fully recover.

He burned his blood essence, forcibly growing out two new legs. Otherwise, in a battle of this level, he would be very much helpless.

“Be careful of his speed and those flames!” he advised.

The other four elites nodded. That extreme speed was indeed frightening, and even they could not trace it. They had to be absolutely vigilant and guard against it, while the destructive power of those flames was too terrifying, forcing the fourth elder to cut his losses.

“Don’t treat him like an ordinary Nine Rings elite,” the five great elites reminded one another.

Meanwhile, Xiao Gu was incredibly cold and detached. At present, its killing intent had seeped out, and it was proficient in battle like an incredibly experienced assassin. It only had one aim, and that was to kill these five powerful enemies.

The battle continued. Because they were already on guard, Ling Han’s extreme speed could no longer let him succeed like how he had before due to their carelessness and lack of anticipation, but it still created a great problem for the five great elites. They had to stay alert at all times, or Ling Han would possibly charge over abruptly, and give them a fatal blow.

Ling Han used his full battle prowess, the killing formations active. This was his capital that allowed him to face these five great elites head-on, but if one was talking about destructive power, the Nine Heavens Flame was more advantageous. He used the Immovable Deity Metal Body Mystical Power, and six arms formed, which allowed him to simultaneously use a variety of different celestial techniques.

The Divine Demon Sword and the broken wooden sword slashed out simultaneously, the sword light surging out like an incredibly frightening dragon.

“So... he is actually so strong!” In the distance, Long Yushan was already gaping in shock. She knew that Ling Han was very freakish, but she had never imagined that a young man that had previously been completely inferior to her in cultivation level would catch up and completely surpass her, becoming a Medium Saint, and his battle prowess was so strong that she could only look up at him.

Her thoughts were in a mess, yet she suddenly recalled that ridiculous suggestion from Long Xiangyue, and her pretty face involuntarily flushed with a rosy red.

The Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden, meanwhile, had an expression filled with pride. This was her man!

Seeing Long Yushan’s face fill with embarrassment and shyness, she knew that the former already had Ling Han’s figure in her heart, which put her on guard. For those who had already entered the rear court of the Ling Clan, she would not be bothered, but she definitely would not allow anyone new to join.

Ling Han and Xiao Gu joined forces, battling the five great elites fiercely.

To Ling Han, this battle was a little baffling. In truth, it could’ve been completely avoided, but since they were already exchanging blows, he did not hesitate any longer. He used his full power, wanting to suppress these five great elites.

They were definitely as incompatible with Xiao Gu as fire and water, and only one side would be able to survive at the end. Then, Ling Han’s choice was very simple to make.

Kill.

Xiao Gu’s battle experience was all instinctive, but as the battle progressed, it became more and more proficient. It was not simply using those techniques based on instinct, but was more actively channeling these techniques.

At most, this could only increase its strength by another 10% to 20%, but in such a vigorous battle, could they afford the gap of 10-20% of battle prowess?

Ling Han’s side suddenly got the upper hand.

“Not good, the legends were true. The Son of Green Light would bring destruction! Let us quickly head to the Cheng Tribe, and ask them for help!” The chief of the Yuan Tribe communicated to the four elders through divine sense.

“But they are feuding with us, and we have fought for who knows how many years! Who knows how many people of both tribes have been killed in all these years!” the second elder said doubtfully.

“On the question of the survival of the whole world, what is such a minor feud worth!” the Yuan Tribe Chief declared resolutely. “Not just the Cheng Tribe, but the Yun Tribe, Jin Tribe, and Lu Tribe, all the tribes have to unite and destroy this disaster together!”