Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1653: Deduction

The five elites had reached an agreement, and were about to retreat. If they continued fighting, it was possible that all of them would die.

“Can you escape?” Ling Han had long since anticipated this. He spread out the Nine Heavens Flame, which formed a massive cage.

“Not good!” When the five great elites saw this, they were both furious and shocked.

After such a long battle, they naturally knew the frightening nature of the Nine Heavens Flame, so how could they dare to allow such flames to wind around them? That was a calamity that would lead to their deaths.

However, throwing out this technique was also very dangerous for Ling Han because he had released the Nine Heavens Flame, which meant that he had temporarily lost a powerful weapon that could threaten the five great elites, causing him to become a target of their attacks.

“Kill this brat!” True enough, the eyes of the five great elites became cold, focusing on Ling Han.

At present, they were genuinely feeling that their lives were threatened. Naturally, they would spare no expense to kill Ling Han. Previously, though they had not been merciful, their main target was Xiao Gu, and they mostly guarded and defended against Ling Han.

Ling Han suddenly felt tremendous pressure. That was the combined battle prowess of five peak stage Saint King Tier-level elites, with one of them even leaping out of this level. Every blow that blasted at him was like an earth-shattering tsunami that could destroy a great star.

It couldn’t be helped. He wanted to kill them all in one go, so they naturally would counterattack at all costs.

Xiao Gu released a furious shout. Its mentality was very innocent. Ling Han was the first person it had met, and he treated it very kindly as well, so it had subconsciously become reliant on Ling Han. These five people were its fated enemies in the first place, and now they actually wanted to kill Ling Han, so its rage naturally soared sky-high.

In its violent rage, its whole body was glowing. Xiu, it, too, drew out a weapon.

...It was actually a bone!

That was its true form, which it was holding in its hand and wielding like a staff. Though it was not very long, every wave would produce a rainbow of green light with incredibly frightening destructive power. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

This definitely could not be the bone of a Saint King; it had to belong to a Severing Mundane Tier at least!

In an ordinary situation, even a precious Tool of Severing Mundane Tier would be useless. If your cultivation level was inadequate, then even if you wielded a Celestial King Tool, you would not be able to release its might. However, Xiao Gu was different. This Tool was its true form, and the wielder was the puppet instead.

In this way, the Celestial bone showed its might, and how many people in the Immortal Realm could resist it?

What kept the five great elites hopeful was the fact that though the green light was indestructible, the wielder was not strong at all, so they could calmly dodge. However, Ling Han had already begun to close in. The cage formed by the Nine Heavens Flame was rapidly closing in, approaching those five great elites.

“Damn it!” The five great elites all roared. If the web of fire tightened around them, they would be refined alive. Furthermore, as the space became smaller and smaller, it would become increasingly difficult for them to dodge Xiao Gu’s attacks.

“Blood Ocean Great Technique!” the Yuan Tribe Chief shouted loudly, his body shattering with a bang, and actually forming a shower of blood. However, he had obviously not died. Every drop of blood passed out through the slits left in the web of fire, and then recondensed outside, forming his true form.

The four elders did the same, their bodies turning into a shower of blood, and managing to escape.

However, though they had escaped, all of their faces were pale, and the black rings they had had also dimmed considerably. They seemed to have paid a great price for managing this feat.

“How’s it possible!?”

“The elders were actually forced to use the Blood Ocean Great Technique!”

“This is an absolute life-saving technique, and definitely would not be used unless there was no other option!”

“How could these outsiders be so strong, forcing the elders into such desperate straits!?”

Beneath them, all the members of the Yuan Tribe were gasping in shock. They had seen too many outsiders throughout these years; which of them had not behaved humbly and obediently?

Yet now? They were actually reduced to such a sorry state by two outsiders.

“Let’s go!” the Yuan Tribe Chief shouted loudly. They were no match for Ling Han and Xiao Gu; they had to find others to help them.

Ling Han used Lightning Flash; whoever was fleeing, he would stop their progress.

He discovered that the speed cultivated by these natives was indeed very fast, and their battle prowess was also truly strong, but in terms of technique, they were too lacking. It was just like they had only learnt a single cultivation technique, and increased their cultivation level, but their use of techniques was incredibly pitiful.

Ling Han was a good example. Just how many celestial techniques did he know? Darkness of the Paramount Night, Flying Dragon Shadow Hands, Tide of the Ages... Every one of them had powerful might, but the elites of the Yuan Tribe did not even have one—the only Blood Ocean Great Technique was used to save their lives.

If they had managed to learn celestial techniques, their battle prowess would improve further.

However, they were cultivating a completely different system of cultivation, so it was a mystery whether they would even be able to use celestial techniques because the use of celestial techniques was based on one’s cultivation technique. Similarly, if one clearly practiced spear techniques since childhood, yet was given a saber, then how would he be able to release the might of his spear techniques?

Thankfully, they did not know how to. Otherwise, the result could’ve possibly been completely opposite, and it would’ve been Ling Han and the others thinking of ways to escape.

Ling Han’s heart suddenly jolted.

Where there was only power, with no technique, the battle prowess of these five people was already so strong. What did that mean?

The frightening nature of this different system of cultivation!

One did not need any specific techniques, and only had to master the basics, and he would be able to possess frightening battle prowess.

Was this a branch from some force of the Celestial Realm?

That was not right. He had never heard that there was another system of cultivation in the Celestial Realm. This was definitely a large matter, or could even be considered a matter that could overturn everyone’s perceptions. One of the two kinds of cultivation systems was definitely stronger than the other. The inferior one would be eliminated, to be replaced by the superior one.

If this cultivation system was really so awesome, shouldn’t the whole Celestial Realm have switched to it?

Then those above Saint Tier definitely would not be called Severing Mundane... They would possibly be called Ten Ring elites or something of the sort.

Furthermore, though he was still not clear about the time of the great turmoil of the Celestial Realm, it was definitely not as long as 100 billion years ago. This also meant that one corner of the Celestial Realm had been struck down a very, very long time ago, and buried in the cracks of space of the Ancient Realm. This had not happened because of that great turmoil.

...Hold on, was it because they wanted to eliminate this cultivation system that this piece of heaven and earth was buried in the Ancient Realm?

But being able to create such a system, its inventor definitely had to be an incredibly powerful existence. Could he have been trapped so easily?

Ling Han could not understand. Perhaps there was an answer that lay in the depths of this Mystery Realm, or perhaps it would have to wait until he entered the Celestial Realm, and search ancient tomes to find some clues, and piece together the truth.

As he thought this, he did not hesitate in his movements, either. After standing in the path of the five great elites, he again used the Nine Heavens Flame, which trapped the five elites once more. Even if they used the Blood Ocean Great Technique to escape, it would be useless. It would only delay their deaths for a while longer.

The five great elites roared, but did not beg for mercy. Just like Xiao Gu despised them naturally, they also saw Xiao Gu as an old enemy that was absolutely irreconcilable with them. Then, there was only one word to sum everything up, fight!

However, with the combined efforts of Ling Han and Xiao Gu, the five great elites could not evade the fate of death.

There was no grief from the heaven and earth, nor was there a rain of blood streaming down. It was as if just a few nobodies had died.

Was this because they were in the Mystery Realm? Or was it that this cultivation system had not gotten the approval of the heaven and earth, so the heaven and earth would not be moved by the deaths of a few Saint Tier-level elites like them?

Ling Han’s heart was filled with curiosity.