Chapter 1654: Peak stage Medium Saint

Ling Han was a man with a great curiosity. Besides, the more he thought closely about this matter, the more frightening it became. Perhaps there was an earth-shattering secret concealed behind it.

After Xiao Gu showed its might, it returned to being silly. Its completely confused expression was absolutely incapable of convincing others that it was one of the strongest existences in the world today.

Ling Han did not start a massacre. He could not simply issue a death penalty to those who had merely cultivated a different cultivation technique, but he ransacked the whole wealth of the Yuan Tribe without hesitation.

Those people from before had not lied; this tribe was indeed abundant with resources!

Though there weren’t any Saintly medicines, there was really a large amount of Eternal River Tier-level Godly medicines, and there was also a great volume of Godly metal. Ling Han even found three pieces that were Saint Tier-level.

The whole tribe was anxious, fearing that Ling Han and his group would eliminate their entire tribe. After Ling Han had spoken repeatedly, the members of the Yuan Tribe finally felt relieved.

He obtained the cultivation technique that this tribe was cultivating, and upon closer look, as expected, it was a completely different cultivation system.

Though the Spiritual Qi here was incredibly abundant, to the natives, this actually was completely useless because the source of their power did not come from converting Spiritual Qi into their own Origin Power, but rather was that great river.

There was a kind of amazing substance in the river water that could provide them with power, and in terms of Regulations, it was also the same. It belonged solely to the great river, and was completely different from this heaven and earth.

From a certain perspective, these people could be considered to belong to another world.

Apparently, he really had to make his way to the source of the river for a look.

There was also alchemy here. After some examination, Ling Han found out that if these alchemical pills were concocted, they were not the slightest bit beneficial for the residents of the Ancient Realm, and would even cause them serious injury because they were completely unable to strengthen their Origin Power, but rather would be converted into another kind of energy, which was called “Spiritual Power”.

Ling Han wanted to ask Xiao Gu about this, but it would either imitate his words, or keep exclaiming “yiyaya”. It was completely impossible to get any form of clue from it.

He refined the Death Mushroom inside the Black Tower, removing the corrosive power contained within, and leaving behind only substances that were beneficial. At first, he wanted to share with the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden, but the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden insisted that he consume it alone.

“As long as you advance into the Great Saint Tier, you will be able to bring us with you into the Celestial Realm. There are great numbers of Saintly medicine in the Celestial Realm, so I am in no rush at all,” she said.

Ling Han nodded. These words were logical. Whether it was him, the Empress, or the Rain Emperor, as long as one of them had reached the Great Saint Tier, they would be able to open the doors to the Celestial Tool, and bring a large number of people through their Spatial God Tool with them into the Celestial Realm.

Of course, it was best that he become a Great Saint first because with his freakish nature, he would be able to enter into the heavenly tribulation again to collect the Heavenly Tribulation Fluid after reaching the Great Saint Tier. Even if there was no one aside from himself that could consume this substance within the Genesis Tier, they could still drink it after advancing into Celestial level, right?

Though the Lightning Element Regulations of the Immortal Realm indeed could not be compared with the Celestial Realm’s, they had the same roots, though the former had a lower level, and belonged to the basics. However, if he managed to grasp the basics, then when he referred to the Lightning Element Regulations of the Celestial Realm in future, he naturally would be able to slowly improve upon them.

He consumed the Death Mushroom. This thing looked disgusting, and tasted very disgusting as well. Even if the harmful substances inside had been removed, there was still a rank stench to it. It did not have any of the refreshing aroma that other Saintly medicine should have at all.

Ling Han didn’t even chew, and directly swallowed down this Saintly medicine. Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

He channeled his cultivation technique, and began to refine the medicinal effects.

In only a short while, a powerful energy surged fiercely inside his body. Ling Han quickly guided the medicinal effects so that more stars would be born in the silvery river inside his Dantian.

On the other side, innumerable Regulations also appeared in Ling Han’s mind, looking like a deluge of heavenly flowers that could not be grasped at all.

That was because this Death Mushroom had not been nurtured from the body of a Saint King, but rather from a more powerful being. That person’s comprehension in terms of Regulations was too high, belonging to a level that Ling Han could not understand at all.

Never mind. Ling Han only needed accumulation of Origin Power. With the Reincarnation Tree in his possession, the comprehension of Regulations was instead a small matter.

He refined the medicinal effects, and the stars in his body were forming at a frightening rate.

60 million, 70 million, 80 million!

The effect that Saintly medicine had on the increase of accumulation of Origin Power was actually not very good, but this was a Saint King medicine. Furthermore, Ling Han himself was only a Medium Saint, and he could withstand the violent medicinal effects with the strength of his physique, and this led to a rate of advancement that others could only envy.

Finally, the number of stars stopped at 99,999,999, and he was only a single star away from reaching the extreme of the Medium Saint Tier, but this last star was relatively harder to form. Ling Han went into seclusion for 15 days, and only then did he manage to succeed in this feat.

He presently had the qualification to break through to the Great Saint Tier!

Ling Han couldn’t help but feel rueful. If this Mystery Realm had not been there, then everyone would be able to more or less make their preparations for entering into the Celestial Realm, yet now he still had to find the Empress and the others. However, on the other hand, if this Mystery Realm had not existed, he could not possibly have reached the pinnacle of the Medium Saint Tier so quickly, either.

He exited the Black Tower. Attempting to break through to the Great Saint Tier required sufficient comprehension. Even with the help of the Reincarnation Tree, the time he needed would number in years at least, so how could he make the attempt with a worried heart?

Now that he had reached the pinnacle of the Medium Saint Tier, his personal battle prowess was close to a peak stage Saint King’s. Even if he did not rely on his killing formations, he would be overwhelmingly strong. Now, though the killing formations were still very strong, they could only be considered an addition to what was already perfected.

‘For a cultivator, the most important is still his own strength!’ Ling Han said internally. Killing formations could be used as a supplementary strength, but he definitely could not become reliant on them, just like how he could not hide in the Black Tower the moment he encountered any danger.

He exited the Black Tower, and the five of them left the Yuan Tribe and continued their journey. They followed the river’s course, their destination being the source.

The Yuan Tribe that was furthest downriver already had five Saint King-level elites that could reach peak stage Saint King’s level with a further boost of power, or even be stronger than that. Then, just how strong would those tribes in the middle course and upper course be?

Ling Han had asked closely, but the Yuan Tribe could not possibly enter the middle course zone. Thus, the only thing they knew was the strength of the over dozen tribes nearest to them downriver—the strongest already had 10 Saint Kings.

Perhaps the tribes living upriver might even have 100 Saint Kings!

At least presently, Ling Han did not want to touch such a massive problem. No matter what, he had to find the Empress and the others before anything else.

Thus, he also warned Xiao Gu many times not to easily move at all times and expose itself.

It was still willing to listen to Ling Han’s words. It called out “yiyaya” while repeatedly nodding, expressing that it would hold back from making a move.

They did not create trouble on their journey, and merely journeyed according to the river’s course. Occasionally, they would still encounter the locals. They would avoid them if possible, but if evasion was impossible, they would quickly end the battle. As long as they were not Saint King-level opponents, they could still easily deal with them with Ling Han’s present battle prowess.

However, the further they traveled, the more difficult the journey became.

This great river was incredibly important to the natives. The lower course was still fine, but from the middle course onwards, there were elites overseeing the river banks. If one wanted to travel according to the river’s course, they would have to get through these elites.

Not only were there elites, there were also killing formations that were completely different from the formations of the Ancient Realm and possessed astonishing might.

Should he take a different path, or barge through directly?

Ling Han began to consider the matter.