Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1669: Breaking open the doors to the Celestial Realm

Ling Han entered into the Netherworld from the nearest Two Realm Battlefield, and after calculating the galactic coordinates, he unfurled a golden path, heading towards Sea Space Planet.

Coincidentally, he encountered an Eternal River Tier undergoing the heavenly tribulation on his way there. He immediately stepped on the brakes and halted, barging into the other’s heavenly tribulation.

That man was a young king tier, and had advanced into the pinnacle level of the Eternal River Tier after cultivating for only 1,000,000 years, which could be considered very shocking. When he saw Ling Han barge in, his face involuntarily turned green in shock.

‘What on earth is going on?

‘I am undergoing a heavenly tribulation; what do you mean by barging in? Do you want to kill me? Otherwise, who would take the risk of being pulled into the heavenly tribulation and barge in? But I don’t even know you!’

“S-Senior!” When he saw that Ling Han was stepping on a golden path, he realized that this was a Demon Master. Whether he was a Black Demon or a Heaven Demon, he would be able to crush him easily with a single finger either way.

Ling Han grinned, and shot out a punch at the heavenly tribulation.

Boom!

What made him pleasantly surprised was the fact that the heavenly tribulation immediately reacted, forming new tribulation clouds.

As expected, the two Realms were separate, and even the wills of the heaven and earth were completely different.

That Eternal River Tier almost bit his tongue. Was this senior an idiot? He took the initiative to trifle with the heavenly tribulation, and actually looked very pleased at that. ‘Do you like to be struck by lightning so much?’

Even if you are a Demon Master, so what? You were strong, and the heavenly tribulation would only be even stronger!

If you showed off too much, you would definitely be struck by lightning!

But his face immediately twitched. He was so shocked that all the pores on his body were wide open.

What had he seen?

As multiple bolts of lightning took the form of giants, the aura that each of them exuded was strong enough to make him go into a breakdown, and their number was hair-raising. It was not just one or two, but rather millions and millions of them, and that number was even increasing endlessly.

Could any human undergo such a heavenly tribulation?

Ling Han gave a battle cry, and charged into the tribulation clouds. Peng, peng, peng, he crushed everything in his way, shattering one giant after another as he went.

“F*ck!” that Eternal River Tier directly shouted what he thought. Because he was too stunned, he completely forgot that he was undergoing a heavenly tribulation, and was instantly struck by a lightning bolt, which caused him severe injury.

Ling Han was invincible everywhere he went. He had merged the Regulations of the two Realms to reach this kind of cultivation level, and whether it was the Netherworld or the Immortal Realm, his battle prowess did not decrease the slightest. He charged into the depths of the tribulation clouds, and easily obtained the Heavenly Tribulation Fluid.

“Though I haven’t drunk it, I am sure that this is slightly different than what I got in the Immortal Realm.”

The moment the Heavenly Tribulation Fluid was taken, the tribulation clouds immediately dispersed. Ling Han stood proudly in the galaxy, and when he saw that the Eternal River Tier previously was in a critical situation, he lent him a helping hand, taking over for him for his heavenly tribulation, and once again charged into the tribulation clouds.

In merely a short while, the heavenly tribulation dispersed once more.

“Thank, thank you, Senior, for your help!” That Eternal River Tier had been scared silly, thanking Ling Han with a trembling voice, though it was also because he had been stunned by Ling Han that he suffered a severe injury. Otherwise, with his natural talent and strength, he would definitely have had no problem undergoing a heavenly tribulation.

He was also internally rueful. Everyone said that he was extraordinarily talented, but from today onwards, he would not have any more arrogance.

Just look at this person. That was what true awesome was like.

Ling Han smiled at the person, and unfurled the golden path, continuing his journey.

It would take more than half a year to reach Sea Space Planet from here, and Ling Han actually encountered two other people undergoing their heavenly tribulation on his way, which naturally allowed him to freeload off their heavenly tribulation another two times, giving him an additional four portions of Heavenly Tribulation Fluid.

Half a year later, Sea Space Planet appeared in front of him again.

Weng, the golden path spread over, and the Hysteria Demon Master immediately came out to receive him. He looked like he was completely guarded, right until he could see that the visitor was Ling Han. He was so stunned and gaped so widely that he could fit two eggs in his open mouth.

Demon Master!

Not only was he a Demon Master, he was an Earth Demon at that!

This was too inconceivable. Over a dozen years ago, when Ling Han left, he was only in the Eternal River Tier.

Ling Han laughed loudly, and reminisced with the Hysteria Demon Master, as well as explained the purpose of his visit. After that, he went to Cold Clouds Planet to inform the Overlord Sword Demon Master. He stayed here for a very short time, fearing that he would meet Zhu Xuan, that infatuated girl.

Finally, Ling Han informed Ouyang Taishan, telling him that he could bring people to gather here.

He waited for two years’ time, and everyone finally gathered on Sea Space Planet.

The Overlord Sword Demon Master, the Hysteria Demon Master, and Ouyang Taishan brought all the people that they should bring through their respective Spatial God Tools, and set out with Ling Han. They entered into the Immortal Realm through the Two Realm Passageway, and also came to the Great River Mystery Realm.

This return trip took another three years’ time.

In this time, Ling Han had also obtained 20 portions of Heavenly Tribulation Fluid in the Netherworld, but this was the limit. After that, the heaven and earth of the Netherworld behaved like the heaven and earth of the Immortal Realm. Once he interfered, the heavenly tribulation would immediately dissipate, not giving him another chance to obtain the Heavenly Tribulation Fluid any more.

This naturally caused the three Demon Masters’ faces to twitch, their eyes almost popping out in shock.

“This should be about it. I’ll give everyone one more month, and after that, we enter into the Celestial Realm!” Ling Han gathered the masses, and announced the time for entering into the Celestial Realm.

Those of the Forbidden Lands were both excited and terrified. They were finally able to return to their true homeland, but they were the ones that had been expelled in the past, and now that they returned once more to the Celestial Realm, would they be targeted?

The young king tiers like Zi Chenfeng and the Second in the World were filled with blazing fighting spirit. They could become leaders in the Immortal Realm, and were confident that they would also stay ahead of the masses even in the Celestial Realm. All of them could barely wait.

The large black dog, the Heavenly Emperor of Thunder and Fire, the Rabbit, and the Old Ginseng also returned. The rock golem chased after Ling Han all day like a dog. Little Qing, meanwhile, was very proud, and crouched behind Ling Han. Occasionally, she would stretch out her wings and peck him, astonishingly elegant.

These guys had all been nurtured with Ling Han’s full effort; they had even consumed Saintly medicine before.

Ling Han gave that Natural Psychic Fruit to the Empress. He was sure that he could also advance rapidly even in the Celestial Realm, and did not need to depend on such Celestial medicine to increase his cultivation level—if it would actually increase his power directly, Ling Han would not be reserved.

A month later, the time to enter into the Celestial Realm had finally arrived.

Everyone had long since entered into the Spatial God Tools. All the Saints and Demon Masters had also entered themselves when they handed the Spatial God Tools over to Ling Han.

Though Ling Han and the Empress were presently able to break open the doors to the Celestial Realm, they worried that if the two of them opened the doorway at the same time, they would enter from two completely different places. Thus, the Empress also handed this honor over to Ling Han, while she herself entered into the Black Tower.

And now, Ling Han was the only person left.

At present, he had already arrived at a dark, cold area of the universe. He inhaled softly. After entering into the Celestial Realm, he would be able to see his parents, son, Hu Niu, and the others. He had suppressed this thought at the bottom of his heart, yet now it was completely unleashed, and this desire became incredibly powerful.

“I am coming!”

He laughed loudly, gathered his full strength, and began to tear a rip into space. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

The Regulations of the two Realms collided. He used his full effort, and suddenly multiple layers of space broke apart, revealing a dark, quiet cave entrance. Ling Han did not enter. The doors that connected to the Celestial Realm were not opened yet. If he barged in right now, he would only be stuck in an endless empty void.

He continued the struggle, and after throwing over 1,000 punches, with Sword Qi slashing out endlessly, this cave entrance became wider and considerably deeper, and there was an obscure light that was gradually appearing. Like a mirror, he could see that another Realm was appearing at the other end of the cave.

The Celestial Realm was gradually becoming clearer in front of Ling Han’s eyes.