Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Chapter 1671: It’s really so coincidental

That was a waterway; they could not enter into the city through here.

The Empress wore a face veil. She was too beautiful, and with their present strength, they were still too weak in the Celestial Realm. If she became targeted by a profligate young master of any clan, there would be great trouble.

Of course, they should avoid using the Black Tower as much as possible. This was the Celestial Realm. Perhaps Severing Mundane Tiers or Dividing Soul Tiers could see through the secret of the Black Tower.

They circled around the city for at least half a day, and only then did they find a main road which led to the city.

This was really a major route, being indescribably wide. Really, it was not inferior to that great river at all, and extended to the city. They could see that the city gateway was also similarly wide. Was this really a gateway into the city? It was practically an insurmountable barrier.

However, the city gates were presently closed, while there was a small door that was open at its side which was guarded by soldiers.

Even if it was a small door, it was about 300 meters wide and 3000 meters tall, and looked incredibly majestic and grand.

The Heavenly Emperor of Thunder and Fire gestured for them to stop, and said, “If we want to enter into the city, we have to pay a fee, ordinarily Star Stones—which are refined from those asteroids in the skies that have fallen. They contain the great dao of the heaven and earth. Otherwise, we can only use Saintly medicine.”

Ling Han and the Empress exchanged a look, both feeling rueful. Entry into the city required a fee of Saintly medicine; this was practically daylight robbery!

“Spatial God Tools are too common here. It would not deceive anyone if we were to hide them, and if we bring them into the city like that, it would be seen as deliberately breaching the city laws. By then, there would definitely be elites mobilized to suppress us,” the Heavenly Emperor of Thunder and Fire said.

Ling Han nodded. “Then we can only release the others somewhere nearby.”

They retreated more than 10,000 miles away. Because it was near the city, there weren’t any overly fierce Demonic Beasts, and Immortal Beasts were even more impossible.

The Blue Feather Saint, Ouyang Taishan, Star Sand Saint, and the others all appeared. Ling Han explained the circumstances to them, and the Saints all nodded.

This was the Celestial Realm, where Spiritual Qi was not only denser, the Regulations of the two Realms were also complete. As long as there was enough time, these Saints would have hopes of becoming Severing Mundane Ancestors—they were able to cultivate to the Saint Tier in the Ancient Realm, which proved that all of them were extraordinarily gifted, so there was definitely hope for them to advance into the Severing Mundane Tier.

They would stay here first whilst looking for Saintly medicine nearby, and gradually send their people into the city in future.

Ling Han was already extremely benevolent to have brought them here.

With the warning of the Heavenly Emperor of Thunder and Fire, everyone prepared the same statement. They were all natives of the Celestial Realm, and had been living in the Celestial Realm since childhood. They did not have any relation to the Ancient Realm at all. Otherwise, if the secret was leaked out, they would all be hunted down and executed.

Hence, the first thing on the agenda was to merge the Regulations of the two Realms. If they were unable to do this, they would not need to enter into the city. If they were discovered, it would be equivalent to confessing that they had come from the Ancient Realm.

After they were settled, Ling Han and his group entered the city.

Ling Han could still afford four Saintly medicines. If it was not for the fact that the Heavenly Emperor of Thunder and Fire and the large black dog did not know of the existence of the Black Tower, Ling Han really wanted to draw the Empress into the Black Tower as well. In that manner, he would have been able to save one Saintly medicine.

“Halt!” When they arrived at the small city gateway, they were stopped by two guards.

These two were actually Eternal River Tier elites!

There were a total of 16 guards, and all of them were in this cultivation level, showing how high the overall level of cultivation of the Celestial Realm was.

However, the Heavenly Emperor of Thunder and Fire immediately curled his lip, and communicated a message through divine sense. “This should be a One Star City, or a Two Star City at most. Otherwise, it would be absolutely impossible for only a few Eternal River Tiers to be guarding the gates.”

He added further that if it was a Five Star City which had a Celestial King overseer, though the guards were only Genesis Tiers, there would definitely be one or two Severing Mundane Tier inspectors in the vicinity.

“Entrance fee.” One of the guards stretched out his hand.

Ling Han bore with the heartache. Usually, it was only he who would be robbing others, yet now he had to bear with being robbed, which depressed him greatly. He handed over four Saintly medicines. Thankfully, they were only Level 17, which could be considered some comfort.

“Go in then.” That guard waved them off.

When they passed through the city gates, a ray of light shot down, and swept over their bodies. This was to inspect for any Spatial God Tools. It was not only to prevent the emergence of “stowaways”—if any opposing force snuck in a large number of elites via a Spatial God Tool, and suddenly attacked from within, that would become a huge problem.

After the four of them entered into the city, the Heavenly Emperor of Thunder and Fire immediately planned to make himself scarce. “Brat, then we will go our separate ways from now on. I want to go and concentrate on cultivation, make a comeback, and then kill all those bastards that had hunted me.”

He left confidently after saying these words.

“Then Grandpa Dog is also going to go free, but don’t worry, Little Han. I have already remembered your scent, and even if you die and are buried in a grave, I will still be able to find you.” The large black dog’s words were much more annoying.

“Just get lost!” Ling Han shot out a foot, and the large black dog immediately raced off with his rear swaying behind him, incredibly showy.

It was good that they had left. Now, it was just him and the Empress left. Of course, there was still a large group of people in the Black Tower.

This was called a city, but its size was comparable to a planet. Thus, there were tall mountains that were enshrouded in clouds, ceaselessly surging rivers, blazing deserts, and icy plains here. All kinds of environments existed here.

There were innumerable passersby on the streets, and not one of them cast a second glance on Ling Han and the Empress.

Ling Han suddenly had the misconception that they were already citizens of the Celestial Realm. He walked slowly with the Empress whilst listening in on the conversations of the passersby. This was their first time here, and neither of them had any experience with this realm, so they naturally had to make more observations and speak less.

Actually, the people of the Celestial Realm were not much different. Aside from the fact that the overall level of cultivation was higher, being here did not make them feel like they were in a different place from the Ancient Realm.

Ling Han and the Empress listened in on the discussions of others on the way, and the most common topic of conversation was that the Dark Blue Moon Army was presently recruiting in preparation for military service.

Ling Han’s expression involuntarily became strange.

Dark Moon Army? Could it be that this was Dark Moon City? The Dark Moon City the Ding Clan that Ding Zizhen and Ding Yaolong belonged to? It couldn’t be so coincidental, right?

Yet, it was really so coincidental. There were a total of three great Severing Mundane Tier forces in Dark Moon City, and the Ding Clan was precisely one of them.

However, though the Dark Moon Army was under the unified administration of these three great Severing Mundane Tier forces, the true ownership of it did not belong to these three great forces.

Why?

In the Celestial Realm, all smaller forces needed to find a backer. Severing Mundane Tiers would look for Dividing Soul Tiers, while Dividing Soul Tiers would seek Immortal Palace Tiers, and when one had reached Immortal Palace Tier, they would be able to establish their own rule in the Celestial Realm, and did not need to look for other backers at all.

Of course, if they wanted to, they could. For example, under the barrier of Celestial King Tier forces, there would definitely be Ascending Origin Tier and Immortal Palace Tier elites.

Dark Moon City was a One Star City, belonging to the lowest rank. Their backer was a Dividing Soul Tier force, Black Moon Sect.

The Black Moon Sect’s backer was the Fu Clan.

Thus, this Dark Moon Army theoretically belonged to the Fu Clan. However, there were thousands of cities under the rule of the Fu Clan, so they naturally would not supervise all matters, regardless of their importance. Hence, the Dark Moon Army was still controlled by the three great clans in reality.

However, after joining the Dark Moon Army, as long as one showed outstanding performance, he would have a chance of being promoted and joining the army of a Four Star Great City, and if that was continued by further stunning performance, he would be able to enter into a Three Star Great City and enter into the line of sight of the Fu Clan.

In the Celestial Realm, becoming a Severing Mundane Ancestor would mean an endless lifespan, but why were there so few Dividing Soul Tier and Immortal Palace Tier elites?

FIrstly, high-grade celestial techniques were rare, and secondly, it was the problem of resources. This was not a problem that could be solved through simply living a few more billion years.

Hence, if one could join a great sect or great clan, that was the fastest shortcut for lower class cultivators to rise above the rest.

And there was such an opportunity in front of them now. The Dark Moon Army was recruiting reserve troops. There would only be such a chance every 100 years, and if they missed it, they would have to wait another 100 years.

Ling Han looked at the Empress, and the Empress nodded. They needed a ch