Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1678: Collapse at the first blow

Ding Xiaochen charged over, wrapped in the power of time. He looked as if no attack could touch him.

Ling Han gave a casual flick of his finger. Pu, sword light slashed onto Ding Xiaochen’s body, yet was easily swallowed by the power of time, and he was completely unaffected.

No wonder the Ding Clan had deliberately targeted the Hu Clan, and snatched away the secret technique of the Hu Clan. This celestial technique was indeed powerful. When the power of time spread out, they could practically ignore the gap in battle prowess, allowing the user to become invincible.

However, Ling Han, too, had a considerable number of celestial techniques in his grasp. Ha had even learnt the Tide of the Ages as well, and had more so obtained the complete secret technique from Hu Yu. In terms of the grasp of this type of celestial technique, Ling Han was not inferior to the Ding Clan at all.

The difference lay in the fact that his present cultivation level was still too low, so he was unable to completely execute the might of this celestial technique to the fullest.

“Haha, in front of the ultimate technique of our Ding Clan, what can you do?” Ding Xiaochen’s confidence returned, and he called out arrogantly. Though killing Ling Han could not possibly make up for the humiliation that he had suffered, if he allowed Ling Han to stay alive, he would probably be unable to raise his head ever again in this lifetime.

Ling Han smiled slightly, and flicked another finger. Xiu, another flash of sword light streaked past, but this time it forcibly penetrated the power of time covering Ding Xiaochen. Still, because its might had been weakened slightly, it only managed to tear open this layer of power of time before vanishing.

But it was this one move that terrified Ding Xiaochen to the extreme. He hurriedly stopped, his expression revealing his extreme shock.

The other party... had actually broken through his power of time!

Though he had not managed to wound him, if he had continued with another strike, he would’ve been in deep trouble.

‘Impossible!’

When he used the Tide of the Ages, it should have aged any kind of attack! It should be known that he was a peak stage Saint King, and his cultivation level was already highest in this tier. If anyone wanted to suppress him in terms of Regulations, that could only be accomplished by a Severing Mundane Ancestor.

How did Ling Han manage to do it?

Not only was he stunned, Ding Hu also revealed a hint of surprise. He had a kind of feeling that Ling Han perhaps had not exerted his full effort yet. RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

Without using his full efforts, he was already able to defeat a young prodigy of the Ding Clan? And while he himself was only in the high extreme of the Genesis Tier at that?

Hiss, just what kind of freak was this!

Ding Hu was slightly hesitant. Ordinarily, the Ding Clan should try as much as possible to gain this kind of prodigy with three and a half stars aptitude, but looking at the present situation, it seemed like this boy had a very large conflict with Ding Xiaochen. Then going by first impressions, this boy definitely did not have a favorable impression of the Ding Clan.

In future, even if they offered the same conditions to attract him, the possibility that Ling Han would lean towards the Long Clan and the Duan Clan was much greater.

Since that was the case...

A killing intent suddenly surged up in Ding Hu’s heart. Mao Dai was a previous example. They allowed him to freely mature, and the result? He had now become a force that could become a threat to the three great clans by himself.

Thankfully, he only had a daughter. If the Mao Clan had also prospered, then it was possible that a fourth great force would appear in the Dark Moon City.

The cake was only so big, and who would be willing to have others take a share of their own profits?

The best scenario was for Ding Xiaochen to show his might and kill this brat. In any case, wasn’t an accidentally fatal move a very common thing to happen in the tournament battles?

After a moment of shock, Ding Xiaochen finally pulled himself together. He drew out a saber. The saber was dark green in color, and seemed to have been made from wood, but a frightening murderous aura immediately surged out the moment he drew this weapon. This murderous aura took the form of a giant tree, and what was shocking was the fact that the great tree was brandishing its vine-like branches, dancing around as if they were whips.

“Jade Blood Man-Eating Tree!” Around them, many people exclaimed in shock, their faces green.

This was a Demonic Tree that was fond of hunting humans and Demonic Beasts. When it was immobile, it was like any ordinary tree, but if anyone arrived at the base of the tree, the Demonic Tree would attack at the most unexpected moment, and wrap its vines around its prey. Furthermore, there were sharp spikes which could excrete poison and numb its target in an instant on its vines.

Using the trunk of this tree as the main body, and sealing the spirit of the Demonic Tree within, the precious Tool that was refined would also possess most of the might of the Demonic Tree.

This was an extremely frightening God Tool.

The tournament battles did not forbid the use of weapons, because what the Dark Moon Army needed were soldiers that could kill others, and not cultivators that would be sparring and competing with others.

Ding Xiaochen was instantly brimming with confidence now that he had his saber in hand. The saber’s blade shone with green light, and even his face turned green from the glow. Previously, he had not encountered anyone that could match him yet, so he naturally had not even bothered to use the God Tool, but now he was forced into it by Ling Han.

He did not rush to attack. There was presently a green murderous aura surging out of the blade, spreading in all directions. This was the spirit of the Jade Blood Man-Eating Tree. Because the process of refining it was extremely frightening, the spirit of the Demonic Tree was also filled with fury, and its killing intent was astonishing.

Because he was the wielder, he was completely immune to this kind of murderous aura, but the others would be affected.

Though the Jade Blood Man-Eating Tree was a plant-type Demonic Breed, aside from the fact that it cultivated the Wood Element Regulations by nature, it also had Poison Element Regulations. This was its unique trait. Regulations had no form, and were fused within its spirit, so there was a strong poison mingled inside this murderous aura.

‘Go die!’

Ding Xiaochen glared coldly at Ling Han, and declared, “When the Spirit Severing Saber appears, no one will stay alive!”

Ling Han laughed loudly. “It is really too sad not to become a comedian with your talent. Listen to a piece of advice from me. From tomorrow onwards, it would be better for you to go to restaurants and inns in the city to have your own show.”

“Stubborn!” Ding Xiaochen used his Origin Power so that the might of the Divine Saber in his hands could be released even faster.

Ling Han shook his head, and said, “At first, I wanted to see how much strength you actually had; I never thought that the basis of your confidence is a mere saber. I can’t even be bothered to watch you continue your performance!”

His figure flashed, and he charged towards Ding Xiaochen.

Lightning Flash was used, and his speed was incredibly and extraordinarily fast. Even if he had not used it to its fullest, it was no longer something that Ding Xiaochen could catch up with—just like how he had received a slap from Ling Han, and still had not realized how he had been slapped even at this moment.

When Ling Han’s fist was about to punch Ding Xiaochen’s face, only then did he become alert, but it was already too late for him to brandish his saber in a slash against Ling Han at this time. He could only produce a burst of speed, and retreat backwards quickly.

But could this be a match for Ling Han’s speed?

Peng!

Ding Xiaochen’s face instantly received a solid punch, and he couldn’t help but stumble backwards. However, he had not steadied his footing yet when Ling Han’s second punch had already fallen. Peng, peng, peng. In just that short instant, he had already been hit with over a dozen punches.

“Collapsing at the first blow!” Ling Han stated calmly, and as if providing evidence for his judgement, Ding Xiaochen’s figure was sent flying before landing heavily on the ground.

All around them, there was a dead silence. Even the other battles had all stopped, and everyone’s attention was drawn here.

Ding Xiaochen had really collapsed at the first blow?

From the start to finish, Ling Han had only flicked his fingers, and waved his fists around. He had not used any powerful technique at all, but what about Ding Xiaochen? He had used celestial techniques and a God Tool, but he did not even manage to hold up to a single strike from Ling Han.

Was this the gap between three stars and three and a half stars of aptitude?

Everyone was in disbelief.

Perhaps if the two of them had the same cultivation level, this kind of difference was still possible, but Ding Xiaochen clearly had the advantage of a minor level, so how could such a situation possibly happen?

Ding Xiaochen struggled to his feet, and peng, he was sent back to the ground with another blow from Ling Han.

On the tournament stage, as long as one party had not collapsed or admitted defeat, the battle would continue.

Ding Xiaochen was unwilling to admit defeat. He had already lost all his pride from being beaten by Ling Han, and if he was to admit defeat in public, then he would really be unable to hold his head high ever again.