Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1679: Completely shameless

But what was the point of forcefully enduring like this?

Peng! Peng! Peng!

Ding Xiaochen was continuously sent to the ground, his face already swollen horribly, and Ling Han was also very measured in his blows. He did not put too much strength so that Ding Xiaochen would pass out, but rather allowed him to maintain a completely conscious state.

Would he admit defeat?

Ding Xiaochen gritted his teeth. This was his final bottom line; he would definitely not speak up and admit defeat.

Initially, Ling Han planned to continue playing around like this, but when he saw that there was not enough time left, he shot out a kick, and sent Ding Xiaochen out of the battle area. According to the rules, this naturally was judged as a loss.

“Humph!” Ding Hu was extremely displeased, and suddenly opened his eyes, glaring at Ling Han.

Ling Han couldn’t help but take a step back, his face suddenly turning pale.

He had been struck by Ding Hu. This strike had no form or shape, and was only a humph, yet contained Ding Hu’s martial intent. Just how powerful was a Severing Mundane Ancestor? If they had been in the Ancient Realm, then a mere thought would be enough to shatter a great star!

And now, this kind of psychic blade had struck Ling Han, so how could it possibly be a pleasant feeling?

Fortunately, Ding Hu did not dare commit murder in public, so he could only use limited power, and Ling Han’s physique was astonishingly strong, so this psychic blade actually only caused minor injuries to Ling Han.

Ding Hu’s expression involuntarily turned slightly ugly. His initial intention had been to cause a severe injury to Ling Han. This kind of result caused him both displeasure and shock—this young man’s physique was too shocking. He only suffered minor injuries even after taking a psychic blade from him.

With his identity, if his first attack had missed, he should not have been so shameless to make another move, but Ding Hu did not have that kind of magnanimous bearing, and couldn’t help but throw out another psychic blade.

Pu!

Ling Han’s chest instantly split open, and blood gushed out. Even his Half Star Divine Metal-level physique could not block such a blow.

The Severing Mundane Tier was too strong.

Ling Han stumbled. He knew this must have been a move from Ding Hu. In this place, only this Severing Mundane Tier could have posed a threat to him. He only felt an agony in his chest like a flame burning. Ding Hu was really too despicable. Not only did he wound him with a psychic blade, he also inserted a sliver of his own martial intent into the blade—his purpose was to torment him for a few decades.

This was a warning. To dare wound a member of his Ding Clan, this would be the punishment!

Of course, if Ling Han encountered other Severing Mundane Tier elites, he could ask the latter to help him dissipate this martial intent, but the question here was: how many people would be willing to offend the Ding Clan for the sake of a nameless nobody?

...Every elite had their unique martial intent, and there were only 30-plus Severing Mundane Tiers in Dark Moon City, so they were all familiar with each other.

Ling Han steadied his footing, and looked towards Ding Hu, his eyes burning with blazing fighting spirit as well as a kind of powerful disdain.

‘Your Ding Clan only knows how to bully others with your superior might!’

A so-called Severing Mundane Ancestor actually made a move on a junior twice, and was actually shamed into anger just because he had missed; how utterly shameless!

On the other side, the Empress was also bursting with killing intent. Not one person actually dared to stand within 30 meters of her. They had all stepped back, or their hearts would have burst.

However, the Empress did not move rashly.

It was true that she was proud, but if she had been a rash fool, how could she have possibly sat on the throne of the Chaotic Stars Majestic Empire for a million years? She would have long since been taken into someone else’s harem as a prized possession.

And now... she had to bear it!

The Empress clenched her hands into fists, her beautiful eyes flickering with the flames of rage. If looks could kill, then Ding Hu would have already died a few thousand times over.

A dead silence fell. Anyone could guess that this had been a move from Ding Hu, but who would dare to rebuke a Severing Mundane Ancestor?

Even Mao Shuyu was hesitant. Her father had strictly told her to conduct herself virtuously, and not to have any kind of involvement with the three great clans.

Ding Hu calmly said, “In the previous battle, 3590 has been sent out of the grounds by 5574, but 5574 has also been seriously wounded by 3590, and this battle would barely be considered a victory for 5574.”

3590 was Ding Xiaochen’s serial number, and 5574 was Ling Han’s. Going by Ding Hu’s explanation, Ding Xiaochen was actually more or less Ling Han’s equal. Though he had been sent flying, he had also wounded Ling Han severely.

F***, could he be any more shameless?

It clearly was Ding Xiaochen that had been terribly defeated, and you were also the one who had wounded Ling Han, yet actually shamelessly placed this “merit” under Ding Xiaochen’s name.

Correct. Ding Hu making a move on Ling Han was bullying the weak with his superior strength, but in Ding Xiaochen’s case, that was a battle of equals. Though there was a gap of a whole minor level, it could just barely be considered just.

The word “merit” was not used in an exaggerated manner.

If it were not for the fact that Ding Xiaochen had actually been sent flying out, Ding Xiaochen might even distort the facts, and it was possible that he would judge this as Ling Han’s loss.

When Ding Hu finished his words, a commotion broke out among the 1,000 or so gathered here.

They had seen some shameless people, but this was their first time that they had seen someone shameless to this extent.

“Humph!” Ding Hu’s eyes swept over them, and as a frightening intimidation surged out, it instantly suppressed everyone’s displeasure.

Who dared violate the authority of a Severing Mundane Ancestor?

Once again, a dead silence fell.

Only then did Ding Hu nod in satisfaction, and declared, “Continue the challenges!”

When everyone heard this, their expressions shifted once more.

What Ding Hu meant was there was no need to allow Ling Han to rest, and they could begin challenging Ling Han immediately. But Ling Han had just been severely wounded by a Severing Mundane Ancestor, and was not even allowed the slightest bit of recovery time; how could he possibly be able to bear anyone’s attacks?

Even an Eternal River Tier would probably be able to defeat him.

‘So ruthless!’ everyone exclaimed in their minds.

Though Ding Xiaochen had been defeated, and had even lost the ability to fight any longer, and thus had no hope of claiming the position of a captain, Ding Hu had no plans of allowing Ling Han to become a captain, either.

Ding Hu broke into a faint smile. Merely a nameless nobody, and he thought he could oppose the Ding Clan?

What a joke!

He had 10,000 ways that he could kill Ling Han with.

After a momentary silence, the battle continued, but Ding Hu’s expression was still incredibly dark because though Ling Han was proudly standing there, bleeding nonstop, no one actually moved to challenge him.

These people!

Ding Hu only felt that his authority had received a great provocation. He already said that they could “challenge” him, but there was not a single person that made a move on Ling Han. Did these people plan to rebel against him?

His eyes swept over them, and everyone lowered their heads, not daring to make eye contact with him.

Everyone had a bottom line, and what Ding Hu had done today had already crossed everyone’e bottom line.

Cultivators only respected true strength!

If Ding Hu had called out anyone to challenge Ling Han, then no one would have been able to endure such pressure, and would definitely have been compelled to move. However, the law did not punish numerous offenders. Ding Hu couldn’t punish all of them, right?

Then, it was natural that no one would step out to challenge Ling Han. Even if they could defeat Ling Han now, they would be scorned by others in future. Who would respect such a captain?

Everyone did not dare oppose a Severing Mundane Ancestor directly, yet they were using this kind of method to express their support for Ling Han.

Ling Han’s figure stood upright, unbending and unyielding.

‘At present, my strength is inferior to yours, but if you want to suppress me, I will definitely not allow your wish to come true.’

Even minor characters had their own backbone. They could be defeated, but would definitely not abandon their pride!

However, Ling Han’s injuries were actually not as severe as Ding Hu thought. He had already channelled a drop of Indestructible True Fluid to control his injuries, but because of Ding Hu’s martial intent, he could not completely heal them. This would require him to enter the Black Tower, and have the power of the Black Tower erase his martial intent.

The present Ling Han still had 70% of his battle prowess, at least. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

And even this was enough to overwhelm all other Genesis Tiers—aside from the Empress.

Very soon, an hour had passed. Normally, since Ding Hu had already said that challenges could immediately begin, then the countdown should have begun from that moment, and Ling Han would already be the first that has risen above the others, and become the first captain of this selection of reserve troops.

However, Ding Hu sent a warning gaze at Tu Kang, signaling that the countdown of one hour was only to begin now.

This man was already completely shameless, and Ling Han ignored him completely.

When he had gained enough strength, he would raze the Ding Clan to the ground, and by then, he would really want to see what kind of expressions would be on the faces of these bastards of the Ding Clan.