Chapter 1685: A scroll that could not be opened

“Charge!” Jiang Wushang shouted loudly. He charged out, each of his hands becoming a sun, and shooting forth endless rays of light.

He was a natural prodigy of cultivation. Even if he had not spent much effort on cultivation, his battle prowess was still frighteningly high. Every strike could cause the heaven and earth to pale. If he had been in the Ancient Realm, he could have destroyed a great star with a single breath.

It had to be known that even if a Small Saint wanted to destroy a star, he would have to take a long time to build up enough power for a strong attack, so what kind of concept being capable of shattering a star with a single breath was?

But in front of Ling Han, this was still insufficient.

Putting aside the fact that Ling Han’s battle prowess was invincible among the Genesis Tiers, even if he did not fight back, how could Jiang Wushang manage to overcome his physique?

However, Ling Han did not rush to attack. This was Jiang Wushang’s final battle. He decided to let the latter unleash his full battle prowess, and end his life after he had fully expended himself.

Jiang Wushang had absolutely no thought of loss or victory. He only wanted to fully display all the comprehension that he had accumulated in this lifetime, and with his strength, he could have eradicated this entire thieves’ den all by himself, which was proof of how extraordinarily strong his battle prowess was.

It was clear that he rarely fought. His every move was incredibly shaky, but this time, his only thought was fighting. With his talent, he swiftly washed away the shakiness of his techniques, and became proficient at them and merciless.

Even Ling Han had the thought of treasuring his talent, but he forcibly suppressed this urge. Boom, the Nine Heavens Flame leaped out, and as Lightning Flash was used, he confronted him directly. The Tide of the Ages could age all attacks, and his fist landed on Jiang Wushang’s chest.

Boom, the fist penetrated his heart and came out through the other side, yet not a single trace of blood could be seen on his fist. With the burning of the Nine Heavens Flame, what blood could possibly be left?

Jiang Wushang coughed up blood. He looked at Ling Han, and the light in his eyes dimmed, but a smile of relief broke out on his lips.

Even he hated this kind of himself, but he did not dare to commit suicide, as his powerful hatred continuously castigated him. His lashing back at others so madly was in fact an attempt to seek his own death, hoping that an elite would appear and make the move he could not, and take his life for him.

In this way, he would be able to reunite with his wife and son in the underworld. If there was a next life, they could become husband and wife, father and son once more.

The Nine Heavens Flame burned furiously, turning Jiang Wushang into ashes, which returned back to nature.

Ling Han was slightly silent for a moment, then turned around, and grinned at the Empress. “We’ll do some gathering, and then go home.”

“En!” The Empress nodded. Because she only had Ling Han in her eyes, she naturally would not be emotionally affected by Jiang Wushang’s story and death, but the phrase “go home” immediately turned her into a tender, little woman.

The two of them gathered all the treasures in the mountain bandits’ lair. There were a great number of alchemical pills, silk fabrics, Saintly Materials, and Saintly medicines. When they found any Godly metal, Ling Han would directly have the Divine Demon Sword swallow them, and when they finished their rounds, the Divine Demon Sword had actually advanced.

Level 19!

As expected, there were bountiful resources in the Celestial Realm, and it was considerably easy for it to reach Level 20. But from Godly metal to Divine Metal, every step was incredibly hard to take. Not only did the Divine Demon Sword have to swallow a large volume of Level 20 Godly metal, it also needed to survive a test from the heaven and earth.

Celestial Tools were equivalent to being Celestial King Tier-level, so how could it be so easily reachable?

“Ling Han, come take a look at this thing,” the Empress called out from nearby.

This was where the mountain bandits stored their treasures. Some items had been divided among them, but most of the treasures were still dumped here, and had not been stored away in Spatial Tools.

The Empress held a scroll in her hand. It was completely black, and was heavy in her grip. It was incredibly hard. This was definitely not paper, but rather was woven from the combination of some kind of animal fur and metallic thread.

From the outside, the scroll was visibly rolled up in layers, and was finally tied up with a sash, but it could not be opened at all.

It was like this was not a sash, but rather something that had been melded together with the scroll. No matter how much effort Ling Han put in, he could do nothing to it.

Ling Han and the Empress exchanged a look, and could see the surprise in each other’s eyes.

“This must have been made by an elite. It may only be a letter, but if one’s level is not enough, you would not even be qualified to open it for a look,” Ling Han said. It should be known that he was already the strongest elite beneath the Severing Mundane Tier, yet was not qualified to even open a scroll for a look.

The two of them did everything they could, but were still unable to succeed.

“We’ll keep it away first.” Ling Han wanted to throw the scroll into the Black Tower, yet discovered, much to his surprise, that this could not be done, because he was unable to use his divine sense to wrap around this scroll.

To use an analogy, his divine sense was like a net, and this scroll was like a heavy object that was trapped in the fishing net. It was so heavy that if he drew in the net, it would break through the net mesh and fall out.

He could only keep the scroll on him, and his plans of using the Black Tower to open the scroll had failed.

However, they really had a great harvest this time, and had gained more than 100 Saintly medicines—if the mountain bandits had not expended them greatly, this number would have been far higher, and additionally, they also obtained a great amount of Godly metal, but it had been swallowed by the Divine Demon Sword.

And there were also more than 1,000 Star Stones—they could help in the comprehension of Dao—as well as large amounts of satin fabrics, which had been woven from the silk of Genesis Tier-level Demonic Beasts. They were on the level of Saintly Material, and if they were used to make clothing, its defense would definitely be good.

Ling Han was very satisfied. He would have been even happier if he had not heard Jiang Wushang’s tragic story, but this strengthened his resolve to raze the Ding Clan to the ground.

Whether it was in the Ancient Realm or the Celestial Realm, Ling Han had not heard that the Ding Clan had produced any kind of good people. What he had heard and experienced personally was all the Ding Clan’s domineering and overbearing nature. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Ling Han and the Empress returned, and when everyone found out that the whole mountain bandits’ lair had been destroyed by just the two of them, they erupted in loud cheers.

Naturally, no one would insensibly talk about the spoils of the battle. On their way back, they publicly flew the banner of the Dark Moon Army, so they naturally did not have to pay any entrance fee when they entered into the city. They were directly allowed to pass, and returned to the army camp.

Ling Han went to report the combat results to Wu Jing. He skipped the details, and only said that this group of mountain bandits was really too weak, and they had easily wiped them out. Only seven of their team of 100 had suffered light injuries, and not only were there no deaths, there were even no major injuries.

This kind of military success stunned Wu Jing. He personally inspected the team himself, and looked at the large amount of corpses and weapons that they had brought back. There was no evidence more solid than this.

He went to report to Ding Hu, but a command was passed down only after a short while, demanding that Ling Han hand over all the spoils of their battle. The reason was that they were the losses of Dark Moon City, and naturally had to be confiscated.

When Ling Han heard this, he almost slammed his fist on the table.

Why were so many people willing to join the Dark Moon Army? Aside from the fact that they had a chance to rise up above the others, the reason was that whatever spoils that they obtained in any battles that they participated in were theirs.

Oh, and now that it was his turn, the rule had changed, and they had to be confiscated?

Utter crap!

It was that vile Ding Hu again!

Flames of rage flickered in Ling Han’s eyes. With the wealth of Ding Hu and the Ding Clan, they naturally would not value this little bit of profit from the mountain bandits’ lair. This was Ding Hu’s deliberate scheme to make trouble for him.

Hey, he was a great Severing Mundane Tier; did he really feel unembarrassed to target a Genesis Tier like this? Did he even want any face?

Yet, what happened afterwards was a completely unexpected turn of events. Ding Hu had actually been transferred away, and his replacement was a vice commander from the Long Clan whose name was Long Gaofei.