Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1689: Cheering on

Just when these words had left Ding Xiaochen’s mouth, he was immediately on the receiving end of disdain from his companions.

Was there any other person like him?

He was practically a traitor!

Actually, Ding Xiaochen bore a heavy responsibility for deliberately joining this team of reserve troops that could not possibly win: if they had drawn the White Tiger Army as their opponent, Ding Xiaochen would advise the others to give up the idea of battle to save some effort for the White Tiger Army.

But if they had not drawn the White Tiger Army?

Then he had to attempt to drive up everyone’s morale at all costs, and create as much trouble for their opponent as possible so that the White Tiger Army would have increased chances of victory.

...Though they were destined to lose, they were still outstanding characters that had been picked from among the reserve troops, and would be sufficient to create some trouble for the official troops.

Ling Han glanced disdainfully at Ding Xiaochen. “If you don’t want to fight, then scram. Don’t be a hindrance here and affect team morale! If this had been the battleground, I would have directly removed your head!”

Ding Xiaochen directed a glare at Ling Han, yet did not talk back. He had suffered at Ling Han’s hands once before, and knew that this guy did not only have the strength to suppress him, but would also dare to do so, so he naturally would not seek his own suffering.

He ignored Ling Han, and said to the others, “I am saying this for your own good! Injuries are inevitable if we go up and fight; in any case, we will definitely lose, so why should we make things difficult for ourselves?

“I have some Star Stones here, so does everyone have any interest?”

This was equivalent to public bribery.

Hearing these words from him, a few captains were immediately swayed, but there were also some that were unmoved. For example, Mao Shuyu was almost close to becoming mad with fury, and Wei Bo, Qin Henyu, and Luo Xinyang were all unmoved. It was unknown whether they thought a few Star Stones was too paltry a sum, or they were really that upright.

“Scram!” Ling Han said eloquently. With a soft exclamation, Ding Xiaochen’s face instantly turned pale, and blood was seeping out of all his apertures. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

“Trash from the reserve troops, will you surrender on your own volition, or would rather we give you a harsh thrashing?” The 10 people from the White Tiger Army all surrounded them. They were the outstanding figures of this army, and any one of them had been a peak stage Saint King for innumerable years; the number of stars they had formed was unimaginably numerous.

One of them looked at Ding Xiaochen, and asked, “Xiaochen, are you all right?”

“Twenty-Seventh Uncle, I am fine!” Ding Xiaochen rubbed his face. Though he said he was fine, the hint of shock in his expression was hard to conceal. Blood was actually spilling from his seven apertures with just a soft rebuke from Ling Han. Just how wide was the gap between the two of them?

At first, he thought that he could make up for this gap if he put in more effort, but from the look of things now, the gap between them was like the gap between two stars in the skies, and was absolutely unbridgeable.

The person that Ding Xiaochen had addressed as Twenty-Seventh Uncle was naturally also a member of the Ding Clan. His name was Ding Xun, and he had already formed more than 20 billion stars. Though his comprehension of cultivation level was still at the peak stage of Saint King Tier, his power was overwhelming.

His talent in cultivation was actually not as high as Ding Xiaochen’s. It was just that he had been born a few hundred million years earlier, and that was why his battle prowess surpassed the latter’s.

Ding Xiaochen was a descendant that the clan had focused on nurturing, and was the most likely person in the Ding Clan to become a Severing Mundane Ancestor, so he definitely could not meet the slightest mishap.

That young man was really brazen to actually dare to harm Ding Xiaochen!

“Beat them as much as possible!” Ding Xun declared coldly. Since the White Tiger Army was under the Ding Clan’s jurisdiction, he naturally was the leader of this team, though his battle prowess might not be the strongest among them.

The others naturally would not defy him. That was because joining the White Tiger Army meant that they were part of the Ding Clan—to speak more frankly, they were their lackeys.

The 10 members of the White Tiger Team all surrounded them. They had a cooperative technique that could unite the power of all 10 members so that every single person’s battle prowess would be further increased by another three times at least.

This was extremely frightening!

In the first place, they were already excellent characters that had been chosen from among the peak stage Saint Kings, and with their battle prowess increased further by another three times, just how powerful could they be?

A few people whose fighting spirit was not that strong immediately raised their hands in surrender, but Ding Xiaochen did not, and was putting on a pretense of fighting. However, not one member of the White Tiger Team made a move to attack him. It was only a mere act.

“Humph!” Luo Xinyang aggressively attacked. He possessed black-scaled armor as protection, so his defenses were extremely strong, so there was no better person than him to become the shield for the team. He turned into a sharp spear that penetrated right into the White Tiger Team, wanting to destroy the opponent’s formation.

Otherwise, if every one of them had increased their battle prowess by three times, how were they supposed to fight them?

Qin Henyu, meanwhile, unleashed the power of darkness, but this celestial technique of hers did not differentiate between her allies or enemies, and would even injure her own teammates, so everyone was scared into keeping as far away from her as possible.

Meanwhile, Wei Bo’s figure flashed, and it was as if he could turn himself invisible. In the blink of an eye, he had already advanced a good few meters ahead, and as Sword Rays shot out, it was like a poisonous snake charging recklessly.

Only Ling Han was standing with his arms crossed behind his back, like a pillar of support.

Shua, shua, shua. Immediately, six battle spears stabbed out. They were all forged from Level 20 Godly metal, and the points of the spears shone, exuding a frightening coldness.

Ling Han shot out a fist. Ding, ding, ding, ding. He was merely using his physical body to confront these battle spears directly, and a dazzling bout of sparks shot out madly. Every punch he delivered would cause the point of a battle spear to shatter. After six punches, the six battle spears had become six iron staffs.

This...!

Seeing this scene, all the soldiers of the Dark Moon Army that were watching the battles felt a shiver come over their bodies.

What kind of f******* physique was this!

They were almost frightened to death. Being able to confront a top-grade God Tool with bare hands, and it was actually the God Tool that was shattered! No, no, no, this was no longer something as simple as a strong physique, but rather his battle prowess had also been strengthened to an inconceivable extent. Otherwise, he should only be capable of ensuring that he himself was unharmed.

‘Freak! He’s definitely a freak!’

On the high platform, the Severing Mundane Ancestors from the Long Clan and Duan Clan both opened their eyes at the same time, focusing on Ling Han.

They naturally had their own informers in the reserve troops, and the 10 military instructors belonged to the three great clans respectively. They had also heard reports that a three and a half stars aptitude prodigy had appeared among the reserve troops this time.

The two great clans had already prepared their plans to entice him, and the matter of Mao Dai transferring Ding Hu away also had their support. Otherwise, with the amount of control they had over the Dark Moon Army, even if Mao Dai wanted to execute this order by force, it could not have been accomplished so quickly.

But only now that they had seen Ling Han’s strength with their own eyes did they realize that they had still underestimated Ling Han’s natural talent.

Their original plans had to be abandoned. This young man was worth them paying a higher price to pull him in under their banner.

Hoho, the Ding Clan was really funny. They were actually unwilling to pull in such a young king tier into their ranks, and instead were proactively pushing him onto their opposing side. This was practically idiotic! This was good too; precisely because there were idiots like the Ding Clan, they would have one less opponent when they competed over Ling Han in future.

However, they would still have to prevent the Ding Clan from harming him. After all, Genesis Tier was too fragile, and if a Severing Mundane Tier wanted to make a move on him, then there really were 10,000 ways that he could achieve this goal.

In the battlegrounds, the 10 members of the White Tiger Team all received a terrible shock by Ling Han’s frightening strength. Was this really a rookie soldier? Some of them had previously represented Dark Moon City to participate in the tournament at Black Moon City before, and they could only imagine that perhaps only the young prodigies of the Black Moon Sect could possibly have such battle prowess.

Ding Xun’s eyes were poisonous, and he signaled at Ding Xiaochen. The latter immediately nodded.