Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1691: Fighting Azure Dragon Team

As long as they could represent Dark Moon City in the tournament, they would be able to gain a reward of 100 Star Stones, and if they could get a high ranking, then they would get a further reward of a One Star Pseudo-Divine Metal!

There was hope, there really was hope.

Their battle with the White Tiger Team had ended too quickly. At this moment, the Azure Dragon Team and Vermillion Bird Team were still battling fiercely. In fact, because the battle was too fierce and tight, they did not even know what had just happened.

Perhaps some of them had glimpsed that the battle on this side had already ended, but wasn’t that very normal?

How could the reserve team be a match for the White Tiger Team?

Ling Han and his group descended and rested, waiting for the victor to emerge between the Azure Dragon Team and the Vermillion Bird Team.

This was an evenly matched battle. Both sides were very strong, and Mao Shuyu and the others would occasionally gasp at their performance; that was how fierce the battle was. Yet Ling Han felt very bored. Aside from those whose strength was not too far from his, a battle of Saint King Tiers was really completely insufficient to capture his interest. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

They battled straight through a whole day and night, and only then did this battle finally conclude. The victor was the Azure Dragon Team.

The reason the Azure Dragon Team managed to emerge victorious was because they had a very strong captain—the prodigy of the Duan Clan, Duan Jun.

Unlike Ding Xiaochen who had entered into the army just to court a woman, Duan Jun was a born fanatic of martial arts, and enjoyed battle. He had only joined the Dark Moon Army for 300,000 years, but he had fought in no less than 3,000,000 battles, both big and small. This was equivalent to going out to fight at least every month. This frequency was astonishingly high.

Yet this was the path of cultivation that was the most suited for him. In a short 300,000 years, he had already completed the transformation from a rookie of the reserve troop to a captain of the Azure Dragon Army. He was known as the top elite of the Azure Dragon Army, and the most likely person in the Duan Clan to break through to the Severing Mundane Tier.

His battle prowess was clearly superior to that of the others, but because this was a team battle, individual strength was not that important. Hence, the Azure Dragon Team only managed to gain victory after going through a tough battle.

...He was like Ling Han, whose strength had exceeded the standards that a Saint King should have, and his individual strength was enough to overwhelm his whole team.

When the Azure Dragon Team found out that their next opponent was the reserve team, all of their expressions were brilliant.

How was that possible?

When they probed for the exact details of the battle circumstances, a strong vigilance against Ling Han naturally rose up in them.

He turned the battle situation completely around with his individual strength; this was too frightening.

After the Azure Dragon Army rested for a while, the final battle immediately began.

“All the others are trash, we just have to defeat that brat called Ling Han,” Duan Jun said loudly. “Though we are all weary, though our battle prowess is not at its prime, we just have to grit our teeth, and victory is right in front of us.”

“Azure Dragon, Azure Dragon, victory for all battles!” The other nine team members all called out their slogan.

Under the leadership of Duan Jun, the 10 of them approached.

Mao Shuyu and the others automatically stood behind Ling Han. Only Ding Xiaochen was unable to participate in the battle, because his injuries were too severe. They were only left with nine of their members.

“Charge!” The moment Duan Jun had entered into battle mode, he became mad. His eyes were bloodshot, and his fighting spirit had solidified. He directly shot out, brandishing a massive battle ax in his hands, and directly delivering a strike right onto Ling Han.

Behind him, his nine team mates had all instilled their own power into Duan Jun. This was a little like the power of the nation, but there was no so-called power of the nation in the Celestial Realm. There had never been any major sect that would draw on power of the nation, because after one had become Severing Mundane Tier, they would have severed their mortal bonds, so how could they have been able to draw power from mere mortals?

With the power boost, Duan Jun was incredibly strong. His whole body was exuding golden light, like he was an invincible god of war, and his strike had already been delivered.

Ling Han stretched out a finger, and tapped out at the battle ax.

The whole scene seemed to have slowed down. Everyone could clearly see the battle ax descend, and his finger greet the incoming blow. Then, the two of them clashed, and the scene that had slowed down instantly froze.

This time, it did not just seem to, but had really frozen.

Ling Han’s finger had stopped the battle ax!

It was just a single finger, but it was as if it was a Divine Metal that had existed for eons, and would not be damaged or broken.

Duan Jun inhaled sharply, yet suddenly released a loud roar, pushing his power to its fullest. The battle ax trembled lightly, and an eye actually opened on the body of the axe, looking towards Ling Han.

This glance was like the stare of the death of god, causing a tremble in Ling Han’s heart, and actually rendered him immobile!

Duan Jun abandoned the battle ax, and shot out a punch right at Ling Han’s face, wanting to take advantage of this hard-earned chance to get rid of Ling Han. And for the sake of having this battle ax “open its eye”, his nine team mates that had been giving him a power boost immediately swayed, and collapsed onto the ground. They had lost their battle prowess.

Mao Shuyu and the others all roared out in fury, and made their move. As long as they could stop Duan Jun, they would definitely win, but if it was the opposite, and Duan Jun was successful, then without Ling Han there, even if there were still eight of them, Duan Jun would be able to deal with every single one of them.

But would they make it in time?

The opponent’s target was extraordinarily clear. The moment they moved, their target was Ling Han. Furthermore, though Ling Han was the main target of their offensive, they had also been affected a bit by the battle ax’s eye, and their movements had been an instant slower.

For elites like them to exchange blows, could they afford this instant?

Duan Jun’s fist had arrived, yet he saw Ling Han show him a smile.

Gasp!

In this instant, all the hair on Duan Jun’s body was standing on ends. At this moment, Ling Han’s spirit should have been completely intimidated, and since it was as if his spirit was dead, he naturally could not possibly raise even a finger.

...Without the soul, the physical body would only be an empty shell.

But Ling Han was actually smiling at him. F***, this was really too f****** creepy.

But now, would he be able to stop? There was only this one chance.

He gritted his teeth, and his fist still fell.

Ling Han moved. Though the battle ax opening its eye had indeed caused him some slight impediment, it was really negligible. In a mere instant, he had already recovered. He very casually scissored his hands, and his two fingers clamped around Duan Jun’s wrist. The latter’s fist was unable to advance the slightest bit further.

All around them, everyone was dumbfounded and open-mouthed. Ling Han actually dealt so easily with such a powerful attack?

Just how strong was this guy?

At this moment, the attacks of Mao Shuyu and the others were finally delivered. Peng, peng, peng. They all landed on Duan Jun, and sent him flying.

However, Duan Jun’s strength was also extremely shocking. Being struck simultaneously by eight people, he actually was still capable of standing back up, though there was a trace of blood at the corner of his lips, and he appeared to be very weak.

But even so, this was stunning enough. No wonder Duan Jun was able to become the most powerful person in the Azure Dragon Army; there would be no other person that could do the same thing as he could—Ling Han did not count. He had already far surpassed this level.

“Hahahaha, impressive!” Duan Jun laughed loudly. As he laughed, he was still coughing up blood, yet he was completely uncaring, nor did he show any humiliated expression at having been defeated.

“What is your name?” he asked Ling Han.

“Ling Han.”

“Ling Han,” Duan Jun mumbled to himself, and then loudly called out, “All right, I will remember you. When you have time, we can share some wine and court girls together!”