Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1693: Black Moon City

The waves crashed into the ship’s body, and it would cause the ship to sway wildly every time. Even if Mao Shuyu, Wei Bo, and the others were all at the consummate level of the Genesis Tier, they still felt an uncomfortable feeling of dizziness and wanting to vomit.

Ling Han and the Empress were still fine. Once they locked their doors, they could hide in the Black Tower, so who cared about the waves?

The person who lived a secluded life was Ding Xiaochen.

Not only had he lost to Ling Han successively, he had even publicly undermined him, so what face would he have left to face the others? However, he was really thick-skinned; he still came brazenly because this was also an opportunity for him.

Black Moon City, a Two Star City!

Don’t think that there was only a gap of one level between One Star and Two Stars; there was also just a gap of one level between the Celestial King Tier and Ascending Origin Tier, but just how massive was the gulf between the two cultivation levels exactly?

What if he encountered a Dividing Soul Tier elite in Black Moon City and gained his favor, with the latter wanting to take him in as a son-in-law or disciple? Then, wouldn’t he achieve meteoric success? In theory, he could only achieve the third severance at most, but if a Dividing Soul Tier elite was willing to provide his valuable assistance, then the possibility of him achieving the fourth severance was extremely high.

The gap of one severance was possibly the difference of 10 billion years of lifespan and being able to survive the Immortal’s Tribulation a few more times.

Thus, even if Ding Xiaochen had to endure disdain from all the others, he would not give up this chance.

The ship travelled very quickly, almost matching the speed of a full-out sprint from Ling Han. If it did not anchor midway, it would only need about a month’s time to reach Black Moon City. However, this large ship was not for the sole purpose of sending Ling Han and his group; it also had the task of transporting cargo.

Every time they arrived at the next city, a large amount of cargo would be unloaded from the ship, and a large amount of cargo would also be loaded onto the ship. Then, they would proceed to the next city.

With such delays, the journey would have to take about two months’ time.

Ling Han sat underneath the Reincarnation Tree, continuing to comprehend Regulations.

In the Celestial Realm, the Spiritual Qi was incredibly dense. It could at least ensure that a cultivator’s rate of advancement would be maintained at an astonishingly high speed before Celestial level. Of course, the prerequisite was that his comprehension of Regulations would have to follow through. Otherwise, no matter how beneficial the environment for cultivation was, it would be pointless.

And with the help of the Reincarnation Tree, it was equivalent to bestowing a pair of wings to Ling Han that would allow him to soar. He had just entered into the Celestial Realm for these few days, and he had already reached the peak stage of the Great Saint Tier. He only had to accumulate some more Origin Power, settle his appreciation, and he would be able to break through to the Saint King Tier.

By then, he was sure that even if it was a male or female Saint from the major sects, as long as they were in the same cultivation level, he would still be able to suppress them easily.

He was still drinking the Heavenly Tribulation Fluid and comprehending the Lightning Element Regulations, turning it into his own Mystical Power.

Of course, he also left some for the Empress and the others. Because of physique, the others would only be able to consume it after entering into the Severing Mundane Tier. Furthermore, Ling Han only planned to give it to the Empress and the Rain Emperor. That was because their natural talent at cultivation was outstanding. If it was given to the others, that would really be biting off more than they could chew. It would instead hinder their cultivation level, and that would be too much of a waste.

Ling Han deepened his comprehension of Extermination Lightning, and the power of destruction was becoming more and more terrifying. However, Lightning Flash was not improved further. Instead, he had an additional Mystical Power, and Ling Han called it Cracking Light Sphere.

He could throw out a sphere of lightning, and then control its explosion as he willed, producing a frightening destructive power. It could impact all the targets around him, but could not differentiate between allies and enemies, because this was an attack that had already been launched.

However, if he was to use this technique, he would need to accumulate Lightning Regulations from around him, and the more time he spent on accumulation, the greater its power would be, but it could not surpass a certain upper limit, or it would explode before he managed to throw it out.

The Empress’s advancement was even faster than his, but she was still slightly stalled by the barrier of cultivation level of the Saint King Tier. She probably would break through before he did, but it would not be too many days earlier.

Two months later, the ship safely arrived at Black Moon City.

Ling Han stood at the bow of the ship, and looked at the large city that had suddenly appeared in front of them. He couldn’t help but be stunned, because this large city was floating in midair!

No matter how he looked at it, it was a great star, and there were also multiple smaller stars orbiting around it, but upon closer look, those were not small stars, but rather multiple gigantic meteors. Like floating islands, there were tall structures erected on every meteor, and presented a grand sight.

Black Moon City was above, and there was also another city on ground level that was astonishingly huge. It could match Dark Moon City in size, but compared with Black Moon City, it was pitifully small. This was the secondary city of Black Moon City. Usually, all traveling merchants and visitors would have to first undergo application for entry in this secondary city, and after their application was approved, there would be a specialized path to the main city. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

To directly fly up without permission? Then just wait to be blasted into smithereens.

Entering the secondary city did not involve that many rules. One only had to pay for his accommodations and meals, or any other expenses—this payment was not made in gold and silver, but rather Star Stones.

They first found an inn to stay in. Even if they were representing Dark Moon City in the tournament, they still had to write a report to apply for entry into the city, which would go through multiple levels of approval. It would take about 10 days or so to be approved.

Since they were already here, they might as well take a walk around.

Though this was just a secondary city, the grade of food and entertainment here were several levels higher than in Dark Moon City. For example, as long as you could pay, you would be able to even consume the meat of Immortal Beasts!

Ling Han very much wanted to try Immortal Beast meat, but when he found out the price, he gave up the idea.

...20,000 Star Stones for a single plate, and there were only seven or eight pieces of meat which were not that much thicker than a piece of paper on the plate.

It was said that consuming Immortal Beast meat could greatly increase the accumulation of Origin Power, and even let one obtain Celestial level shards of great dao to assist in the appreciation of Regulations. This really was a good thing, but the price was also overwhelmingly high. How many people could really afford a meal like that?

Even a first severance grand elder like Long Gaofei would only get about 100 Star Stones every year without any extra income. He would have to wait a whole 200 years’ time just to have a single serving of Immortal Beast meat.

Forget it, he would just come eat when he had the funds in future.

“Yi, this woman has a very attractive figure!” Just when Ling Han and the Empress planned to leave, they heard a voice filled with vulgarity ring out behind them. It came from a young man that looked to be only in his twenties.

“Take off the veil on your face and let me take a good look. I’ll treat you to a meal of Immortal Beast meat!”

The Empress cast a glance at him, and waved her fingers. What she meant was ‘scram, I can’t even be bothered to talk to you’.

Her slender hand was like soft grass, her fingers like green onions and incredibly tempting.

That young man was already staring in infatuation, and couldn’t help but stretch out his hand to touch the Empress’s slender hand, and said, “Woman, let me touch your hand. I am extremely accurate in my technique of feeling bones[1].”

The Empress’s slender brow wrinkled, and she pressed out a palm. Peng, a powerful force sugred out, and that young man immediately rolled backwards like he was a ball. He overturned many walls before he finally stopped, and his limbs were all drooping by then. He had passed out.

Ling Han smiled slightly, and said, “Come, let’s walk around someplace else.”

They did not take this matter to heart. As they saw it, this young man could not possibly be any rich and powerful descendant in Black Moon City. Otherwise, he would not have come to the secondary city. The highest possibility was that he had come with his seniors to participate in the major tournament of Black Moon City.

[1] There is a fortune-telling method in which the fortune-teller touches the bone structure, usually the hands.