Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1697: A record that drives others to despair

Everyone inhaled sharply. Even a follower of Changsun Liang was already so awesome, so just how strong was that Holy Son himself?

The red-haired young man swept an eye over the gathered masses, a condescending smile at the corner of his lips, and announced, “With a single strike from Lord Holy Son, he can simultaneously light up 99 of the 100 holes on the pillar!”

Hiss, 99!

Everyone gaped, appearing to be incredibly stunned.

Most of them had tried, and even if there was an extremely wide gap of power between them, the difference in the number of holes was only one to two, and the total would be more than 30. But with this difference of more than 60 holes, just how wide was the gulf in battle prowess between them and the Holy Son?

This was practically unthinkable.

And this was the strength of the Holy Son of the Black Moon Sect; others did not even have the right to look up at him.

“Then, how many holes would have to be lit up to gain the right to ascend onto Celestial Clouds Island?” a person in the crowd suddenly asked. That was a young man that was very average-looking. He was half a head shorter than most people, so only his voice was heard.

However, after he said these words, the people in front of him all got out of the way, making it so that he would stay out.

The red-haired young man glanced over, and his pupils involuntarily shrank slightly as a coldness rose up from the bottom of his heart. His whole person shot up from the ground, and he had entered a state of wariness.

It was as if what he was looking at was not a person, but rather a ferocious beast from the primitive times!

Which one of the people that had appeared here was not a top prodigy? And when they saw this, they were all surprised. The red-haired young man was actually scared to this extent; could it be that this short young man was very strong?

They could not tell, because they themselves were not strong enough. Ling Han nodded mentally; this short young man’s strength was indeed superior to the red-haired young man’s.

The red-haired young man wiped the cold sweat on his forehead before he answered, “70 holes, and you may ascend onto Celestial Clouds Island.” Then, he cast a look at the short young man again, his eyes filled with wariness.

The short young man nodded with a smile, and said, “Then I’ll give it a try.” He walked out, and arrived in front of the holed pillar. Then, he paused, turned his head, and asked, “How many attempts can be made?”

“Three.” The red-haired young man had broken out in a cold sweat again, feeling like he was being stared at by a terrifying giant beast when the other party looked at him; this was too frightening.

The short young man smiled, and balled his right hand into a fist. Then, he very casually threw out his fist at the holed pillar. Weng, multiple rows of holes lit up.

Seven rows had lit up completely, and one hole on the eighth row had also lit up.

71 holes!

Everyone was astonished. So there really was someone that had battle prowess that could light up more than 70 holes? They had not managed to do so, because they were far from being strong enough.

“How should I address you, Sir?” Faced by powerful strength, the red-haired young man also became respectful, losing the arrogant demeanor that he had previously shown.

“Swift Lightning City, Bian Zhe,” the short young man replied casually. His eyes were fixed on the holed pillar, and his expression had also become solemn. Though he had attained the right to ascend onto the island, there was no joy in his expression. Instead, he appeared incredibly cautious.

He had only lit up 71 holes, but Changsun Liang could reach as many as 99 holes, so just how big was the gap between the two of them?

“I’ll give it another try,” Bian Zhe said, and began building up power.

Roar!

The roar of a beast rang out from within his body, sounding a bit like the roar of a dragon, but also similar to the roar of a tiger. After the roar was heard, those standing around him actually collapsed directly. What astonishing strength. He had not even struck yet, and only a single roar was enough to subdue his enemies without fighting.

Ripples of a strong aura surged out from his body, and pushed those gathered around him into a continuous retreat like a tsunami. What peak stage Saint Kings, they were not strong enough to resist at all!

In this manner, the true elites immediately appeared clearly—like Ling Han, the Empress, and over a dozen other people were all standing proudly where they were, none taking a step back. But elites on the same level were still divided into different classes. Some people were only barely standing, while Ling Han and the Empress were completely indifferent. When they unleashed their aura, that was what true terror was.

Bian Zhe unleashing his aura was not for the purpose of showing off, or to injure any enemies, but rather to build up enough power for a powerful move, which caused his loss of control over the aura in his body.

Prodigies would all be defiant. This holed pillar was the medium of competition between himself and Changsun Liang. The latter managed to light up 99 holes, and if he could not manage to light up even 99 holes, then no matter how abundant his battle experience was, he would only lose with resentment in the face of being overwhelmed by absolute power.

He finally moved, and it was still a punch. However, there was a mass of lightning wrapped around his fist this time round, and one could clearly see multiple patterns of great dao throbbing there, forming multiple dragons of lightning.

Peng!

As his punch landed, the glow of lightning spread out, shaking the world.

When the glow of lightning disappeared, rows of holes also began to light up on the stone pillars.

It was still eight rows, and the first seven rows had lit up completely, while nine holes had lit up on the eighth.

‘What?!’

Such a frightening attack only increased his record from 71 holes to 79 holes; he had not even broken through to 80 holes?

99 holes, this was practically a record that would drive others to despair!

Hiss, just how strong was the Holy Son, Changsun Liang?

Bian Zhe had no choice but to admit defeat. He looked dumbly at the holed pillar, his face bearing a desolate expression. At first, he had thought that he was already standing at the highest peak of Saint King Tier, and only he had the right to look down on others, but only now did he find out that there were others that were stronger than him.

This gap was too large, so large that he did not even have the confidence that he was able to surpass this record.

So even if their cultivation level was the same, the gap between them could still be this wide!

However, Bian Zhe himself was also someone that others would have to look up to. 79 holes, this was the best record as of now, and he was the only person who had gained the qualification to enter Celestial Clouds Island.

If just anyone could become a guest on Celestial Clouds Island, then true prodigies would definitely ignore this with disdain, and would be too embarrassed to join such a group. But even an elite like Bian Zhe only managed to get a result of 79 holes, which caused the top prodigies to feel their fighting spirit rise.

‘Just how many holes can I light up?’ many thought.

“Hoho, I will give it a try as well.” A young man in white walked out, bearing an elegant demeanor. His outward appearance was much better than Bian Zhe’s. However, his strength was inferior to Bian Zhe’s; even with using a powerful move, he had only lit up 74 holes.

Though there was only a difference of five holes, the gap was still very, very big between the two of them. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

However, he still gained the serious regard of the others; they were sure that he would definitely demonstrate extraordinary skill in the competition 10 days later. Every time such a competition was held, it was the time for such prodigies to shine as brilliantly and dazzling as fireworks.

Prodigies continuously appeared. Though there were a few others who had achieved lighting up more than 70 holes, there was still no one that had broken through the impressive mark of 80 holes.

Mao Shuyu, Wei Bo, and the others also approached to make an attempt, but even if they had summoned their own God Tools and tried their best, the strongest, Mao Shuyu, only managed to light up 62 holes. There appeared only to be a gap of eight holes, but it was unknown how much she would have to improve her strength to be able to catch up.

Perhaps she could only light up more than 70 holes after a few tens of millions of years of accumulation, and increase her number of stars to 20 billion or 30 billion.

They were just egging Ling Han on to make an attempt as well when a commotion suddenly broke out in the crowds.

“Look, Yuan Xingping is here!” Among such exclamations, the crowd subsided like floodwaters, allowing a single person to walk through.

Yuan Xingping, the publicly acknowledged top elite of this competition!