Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1699: Going to the island

The Empress only swept an eye over Yuan Xingping coldly, and ignored him. She continued walking forwards.

“Fairy!” Yuan Xingping felt embarrassed, and stretched out a hand, wanting to stop her.

Peng!

The Empress moved, and Yuan Xingping was immediately sent flying. With an exclamation, he was throwing up blood like mad.

Everyone was once again astonished.

Who was Yuan Xingping?

He was the largest reason that Double Extreme City had been able to become the champion in the last competition, and it could even be claimed that he had single-handedly won first place for his team.

Yet in front of the Empress, he was not on par with his opponent at all?

Gods!

“Luan Xing?”

“Which city does she belong to?”

“...Dark Moon City?”

“Hiss, Dark Moon City must be the champion this time!”

In the last competition, Yuan Xingping had brought the first place back for Double Extreme City single-handedly, and now the Empress was even stronger, so what doubt was left about the question? Some smart people had already thought that they should quickly go and make a bet on Dark Moon City getting first place.

Mao Shuyu and the others were also dumbfounded. They only knew that the Empress was very extraordinary with her Two Star aptitude, but who would have thought that she could actually be so strong?

She could be a match for the Holy Son of the Black Moon Sect!

Phew!

Ling Han chuckled, and returned, his arm around the Empress’s slender waist.

The Empress was incredibly proud. For the sake of being with Ling Han, she had given up the option of competing for the position of captain, but it did not mean that her aggressive nature had vanished. On the other hand, she was prouder than anyone else.

Thus, when she displayed her own prowess, it would be so stunning.

When the news spread out, some immediately hurried to make a bet on Dark Moon City winning. But the gamble house’s information gathering was not slow, either. They immediately adjusted the stakes for Dark Moon City; furthermore, it was reduced to the maximum, decreasing to stakes of 100:101.

This was practically firmly believing that Dark Moon City would become champion/

But after only two hours, the stakes of Dark Moon City were actually adjusted upwards again. Though it had not reached as exaggerated a level as 1:22 again, it was still stakes of 1:4, which was very shocking.

Who was dumb?

Everyone immediately went to ask around, and only then did they find out that the Empress was not in the participating team of 10 at all.

F***, no wonder the stakes were adjusted upwards again.

True, how could a prodigy that was Changsun Liang’s equal possibly appear in a small Dark Moon City? She had to be the Holy Daughter of some large sect, encountering Ling Han when she was traveling outside, and then had her heart stolen by that brat with some unknown means.

Wayaya, so envious! So jealous!

This really was f******* lucky!

In the minds of everyone, no matter what, Ling Han could not possibly reach the height that was the Empress’s equal, so how could it be anything but a spot of ****** luck? No, who knew, he might have used some underhanded tricks. Otherwise, even if the Holy Daughter of a large sect was blind, she would not have fallen in love with the cultivator from a small city.

This despicable, shameless man!

The Empress’s charms were too strong, causing Ling Han to become famous overnight as well. However, his reputation was the exact opposite of the Empress’ renown. It could be claimed that his reputation was horrible, and he had completely become a target of scorn that everyone wanted to beat up.

Ling Han felt very wronged. He had only basked in the Empress’s glory a little, so how had he become so wicked beyond redemption all of a sudden like this?

“This is really a bunch of shallow people. I was only too lazy to make my move, fearing that I would scare you guys too badly.” He laughed the matter off. At the time, he had only thought that it would be fun, and he had not imagined that it would actually draw so much antagonism to himself.

After finding out that the Empress was so strong, Long Gaofei was also shocked. However, the namelist of participants had already been reported, so it was impossible even if he wanted to make any changes by now. He couldn’t help but sigh in despair. It was clear that the Empress was so powerful, so why had she not shown this strength previously?

About this issue, the Empress only had a one-word reply. “Troublesome.”

Her tsundere nature actually had effect even on a Severing Mundane Ancestor; Long Gaofei was not angered at all, but made a firm decision that they definitely had to try hard to gain such a prodigy. When they returned to Dark Moon City, he had to think of some way for a son of the Long Clan to seduce the Empress.

What a joke, the strength of her battle prowess was close to the strongest prodigy of the Black Moon Sect, and in comparison, what was Ling Han worth?

Even if she had married, they could still be broken up. As the saying went, if the bait was good enough, there was no one that could not be seduced enough. How could it be that the Long Clan did not have any young, handsome sons? And there would definitely be a type that suited the Empress’s tastes.

A day later, a luxurious carriage drove over. This was the vehicle that Changsun Liang had deliberately sent to pick up Ling Han and the Empress.

The coachman was an old man who looked very lean, and was a peak stage Saint King. He respectfully invited Ling Han and the Empress to board the carriage. Of course, this bit of respect was primarily targeted at the Empress. As for Ling Han? He did not take him seriously at all.

...Just a mere Great Saint.

Mao Shuyu and the others were all incredibly envious, yet could only watch as the carriage left. Even though Long Gaofei had not come out, he had still swept over them with his divine sense, which rippled slightly.

To be honest, those who resided on the floating islands were all the powerful figures of the Black Moon Sect. Even he had never been qualified to step on one, and now, two juniors had accomplished this feat before he had, which naturally turned him jealous and sour.

The carriage soon rode on the winds, and flew in the air, heading towards Celestial Clouds Island. These floating islands all orbited around Black Moon City, and their speed was considerably quick too. Thus, if one wanted to step on an island, it was not a good idea to chase from behind. It would be better to approach it from the front.

The coachman was naturally very experienced. Very soon, he had steered the carriage onto the floating island, and after inviting Ling Han and his companion to alight, he drove the carriage off. He still had other guests he had to pick up.

Ling Han and the Empress sized up their surroundings. At present, they were in the middle of a wide road, and not too far ahead of them was a towering grand castle surrounded by beautiful gardens, blossoms flourishing and bright. Multiple rocks of various sizes were scattered around, and there was an unspeakable rhythm to it.

They had not taken another step when they saw a carriage swiftly fly over from Black Moon City, and it landed steadily on the floating island.

This was actually a war chariot, and was covered all over with marks left from a battle, exuding an air of age. It was being pulled by a Three-Headed Silver Dragon, a peak stage Saint King. This was a strong type of Demonic Beast. If its skin could turn from silver to gold, it would be able to break through to the Severing Mundane Tier and become an Immortal Beast.

The chariot did not have a coachman. A Divine Beast like the Three-Headed Silver Dragon had naturally long since gained intelligence, but its wild nature was clearly difficult to tame. When it spotted Ling Han and the Empress, its three heads were all spitting out a cold air, disdain flickering in its gaze, and it actually attempted to crash into them deliberately.

The Empress was furious, and her beautiful eyes glared as her imperial intimidation surged out.

The Three-Headed Silver Dragon was immediately scared witless. WIth a creak, it veered off course, and charged out of the main road, crashing into a gigantic rock with a bang.

With this crash, the rock was immediately turned into pieces, and the Three-Headed Silver Dragon had also become dizzy. Like it was drunk, its footing was shaky and swaying.

The carriage door opened, and a young man walked out from within, his expression holding a strong fury.

What was going on here? Why would the chariot have suddenly brake out of nowhere like this? Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

He saw that the chariot had veered off course, and his mount was looking completely dazed. He involuntarily cast his eyes on Ling Han and the Empress, and menacingly asked, “How dare you, you actually dare scare my mount. Are the two of you tired of living?”