Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1705: Changsun Liang makes his move

Ling Han smiled, and said, “I have always been an easy-going person. Since you wish for a battle, then I’ll play with you.”

Play?

Who would dare say that they could play around in a fight with Changsun Liang?

Mao Dai was indeed a super genius, but it was not that there were absolutely no other prodigies that could be his equals. For example, in Dark Moon City itself, there was a Ding Yaolong. It was just that there was a whole clan behind Ding Yaolong, so it was definitely impossible that he could gain the full patronage of the Fu Clan or the Black Moon Sect, unlike Mao Dai, who could become a member of the Fu Clan or the Black Moon Sect just by marrying into these forces.

Yes, if Mao Dai had suppressed his cultivation level to the level of the Genesis Tier, it was definitely impossible that he could be a match for Changsun Liang.

This was a rare prodigy that would be hard to come by even in several tens of thousands of eras, and no one knew how strong his battle prowess would be against an opponent of equal cultivation level! That was because there had never been any one of his peers that could force him to show his full battle prowess.

Changsun Liang chuckled. He was seated in a high position, so there naturally was no need for him to drop down to the same level. He crossed his arms behind his back, and slowly walked out. He said, “I’ll let you have the first three moves.”

“I’ll let you have the first 10 moves.” Ling Han grinned.

Changsun Liang’s smile involuntarily froze. This was really arrogance to the extreme. He did not speak further, and pointed out a finger at Ling Han. Weng, a frightening pressure surged out, as if the heavens themselves were about to collapse.

Ling Han similarly pointed a finger, meeting Changsun Liang’s incoming attack. Peng, the two attacks immediately crumbled.

He did not follow it up with another strike, but rather kept to the promise he had made previously, letting Changsun Liang have the first 10 moves.

After this exchange, there was no more noise to be heard from the surroundings.

Ling Han had already shown very powerful strength, easily defeating both the red-haired young man and Xiang Wenkun, but there was still not a single person that thought that he was capable of standing against Changsun Liang.

Changsun Liang, an invincible existence among his peers!

But now? Ling Han actually blocked a blow from Changsun Liang. Though it had only been a casual strike, it was clear that Ling Han had also not used his full strength, either.

Could it be that a third supreme king tier would appear in Black Moon City?

Changsun Liang smiled, and flicked out a finger. Xiu, another flash of Saber Ray slashed over. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Ling Han shot out a flash of Sword Qi, easily countering this second attack from Changsun Liang.

Three moves, four moves, five moves... very quickly, 10 moves had passed.

Changsun Liang again crossed his arms behind his back, and said, “The 10 moves are over, make your move.”

Ling Han did not continue to be reserved, and leaped out. He did not use any celestial technique, and was similarly resorting to simple martial arts in his attacks. Changsun Liang dodged and parried, but did not counterattack, similarly letting him use 10 moves first.

Changsun Liang was proud, and would not condescend to take advantage of Ling Han.

After 10 moves, the two of them showed an expression of seriousness. Though neither of them had used their full strength just now, or had engaged in a fierce exchange of blows, in a battle of elites, how could it be that they could not see through to each other’s depths with just these few moves?

A tough opponent!

This was the label that they had tagged on the other.

“Wind Piercing Finger!” Changsun Liang pressed a finger firmly down on Ling Han. Though he had also shot out his finger like this before, he had not channeled any celestial technique. And now, when he pointed out his finger, the incredibly dazzling light of great dao shone brilliantly, shooting out towards Ling Han.

Ling Han dared not be careless. Though he was sure that he was completely capable of taking on this kind of attack head-on with his physique, if there was no need, he did not want others to know exactly how strong his physique was.

He shot out a punch using Extermination Lightning. Hong, long, long, his fist was completely covered with lightning, and countered Changsun Liang’s attack violently.

Zi!

The light of great dao split apart the sea of lightning, but the power of lightning dispersed all its might at the same time. Shua

, the sea of lightning split into two halves and passed by on either side of Changsun Liang, unable to create the slightest bit of damage.

The deeper probe that both sides had sent out still ended in a tie. This caused their expressions to become even more cautious.

Aside from the Empress, this was the first powerful opponent that Ling Han had encountered among his peers, filling him with a blazing fighting spirit. He took the initiative to attack, his figure shooting out. Using his fingers like he would a sword, he used the Lightning Sword Technique.

This was incredibly quick, and Changsun Liang was caught unawares. Suddenly, he appeared to be a bit rushed. However, he truly lived up to his name as the king tier of the younger generation. Though he was caught off guard, he did not panic. He shot out both fists, delivering one attack after another, and stopping Ling Han from coming any closer to him.

After only a few moves, he gradually relaxed, having accustomed himself to this kind of attack.

Such adaptability caused even Ling Han to nod mentally. The fact that he could be known as a supreme prodigy was truly based on genuine strength. However, if that was not the case, what interesting would there be about it?

“It’s my turn!” Changsun Liang released a battle cry, and suddenly spat out a mouthful of air, which turned into countless blades of wind that streaked towards Ling Han.

These wind blades were incredibly frightening. The light of great dao was glinting among them, and there were multiple patterns flickering. Its destructive power was practically unimaginable.

Everyone was stunned. So as it turned out, Changsun Liang had not just been on the defensive just now, but was also taking the opening to build up power in preparation for a counterattack. Otherwise, such a powerful attack definitely could not have been unleashed just like this.

Ling Han only acted as if he had not seen them, and continued to charge out towards Changsun Liang. In the instant that the wind blades were just about to attack him, he used the Banishing Technique on himself. In a mere blink of an eye, his figure reappeared. With the level of control he presently had on the Banishing Technique, this separate dimension was already incredibly sturdy. At least, it was not something that Changsun Liang could penetrate with a single attack.

He had already charged right in front of Changsun Liang, and shot out a punch at the latter.

“Iron Shield!” Changsun Liang humphed, his hands crossing over his chest, sealing off this punch from Ling Han.

Ling Han was surprised. He was actually unable to penetrate Changsun Liang’s defenses with a single punch. The latter was really quite strong.

Changsun Liang quickly followed up with a counterattack. A flash of golden light shot out from his eyes, sweeping out towards Ling Han’s face.

Ling Han used Lightning Flash, and his figure swiftly retreated, dodging this attack.

Everyone was watching so avidly that they were holding their breath. In the short time of a few breaths, Ling Han and Changsun Liang had already exchanged a good few attacks, and whenever it was one of their turns to take the offensive, everyone would think that the other could no longer hold up, but the result was the complete opposite. Not only had he held up, he even took the opening to release his own counterattack.

What a terrifying pair; they really were too strong.

Changsun Liang being so strong was within their expectations. Even in the Fu Clan, it would probably be very hard for this kind of prodigy to find an opponent that could match him among his peers, but why was Ling Han also this strong?

This was illogical!

“This is great!” Changsun Liang’s fighting spirit had also been ignited, and he was shooting out one celestial technique after another with ease. He had touched upon practically any kind of Regulations. It was really unknown exactly which Regulation he had focused on.

Ling Han had also grasped a number of celestial techniques himself. His interest was spiked as he continued to battle, and he used the Immovable Deity Metal Body Mystical Power. His six arms appeared at the same time, channeling several celestial techniques all at the same time. His battle prowess had increased tenfold.

Changsun Liang did not continue to be reserved, either. His head of black locks shot skywards, and a small figure walked out of the middle of his forehead. It was only the size of a fist, and was brandishing two Divine Swords that were only as long as an inch, and rapidly sliced towards Ling Han.

Though this figure was small and the swords were short, it filled Ling Han with great wariness. Putting aside having the Divine Swords land on him directly, he did not even want to be touched by the sword light.

“That is... Buried Ghost Sword!” someone exclaimed in shock, his face completely pale.