Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1706: Turning an enemy into a friend

Buried Ghost Sword was not a true treasured Tool, but rather a secret technique. It was rumored that Changsun Liang had obtained it in an ancient site, and he was the only one who could cultivate this technique.

That was because when he entered that ancient site, his spirit had been strengthened by an ancient object, or rather fused with it. Anyways, even the great elites of the Black Moon Sect could not understand what was going on.

All in all, after cultivating this celestial technique, a small figure would appear from the middle of the forehead, brandishing two swords, and its might was incredibly frightening.

...One only had to sustain a single strike, and it was able to directly destroy his soul, and send him straight to the underworld!

It was capable of even burying ghosts, what more mere humans?

When the Buried Ghost Sword appeared, everyone could feel waves of anxiety and terror. It was like there was a saber that was held against their necks, and their spirits could be destroyed and lives taken at any time. They all involuntarily activated a defense of Origin Power, but they still did not feel secure enough, and wanted nothing more than to set up several hundred formations in their surroundings to protect themselves.

Changsun Liang charged over. That small figure led the way, brandishing its twin swords, and throwing out flash after flash of gorgeous Sword Rays.

Ling Han stretched out a hand and pressed down. Darkness of the Paramount Night unfurled, trapping Changsun Liang.

Xiu, yet the small figure was completely unaffected, and charged out of the darkness, its twin swords striking out at Ling Han.

Ling Han threw out a fist, but it was as if there was no attack that could touch the tiny figure. It was actually completely unaffected, and continued to wave its twin swords in a strike.

This was a manifestation of the spirit, and would not be affected with mere power.

Ling Han showed a hint of a smile, and a fierce pride also rose up within him. ‘Then let’s have a duel of our spirits!’

Zi, lightning surged all around him, but upon a closer look, it was not something solid, but rather shadowy images that had been manifested from the Regulation of Lightning.

Ling Han had refined a considerable amount of Heavenly Tribulation Fluid. Beneath Celestial level, this could be considered the strongest attack. When he had drunk it, not only had it caused a tremendous impact on his physical body, his spirit had also been tempered alongside it.

It could be said that every time he drank the Heavenly Tribulation Fluid and comprehended the Regulation of Lightning, that would be the time that his spirit would be undergoing a test, and his spirit had been tempered by the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll, so it was very sturdy, and steadily controlled this violent power of the heavenly tribulation.

And now, his spirit also possessed the power of the heavenly tribulation.

Come on!

With a thought, his spirit also took the form of a tiny figure that looked exactly like him. The tiny figure clenched its hands into fists, and greeted the other tiny figure that was wielding twin swords with its own attacks.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

The two tiny figures battled fiercely. Because they were both spirits, they could exchange blows. This was a different kind of battle, but it was also more dangerous because this was a manifestation of the spirits. Though they were not their complete spirits, as long as the slightest damage was caused, that would definitely cause massive injury to themselves.

With a battle cry, Changsun Liang had torn through the darkness and appeared. As the Holy Son of a sect, who was also a young king tier that would only appear once in millions and millions of years, how could he be so easily trapped?

Ling Han charged over, and battled fiercely with Changsun Liang.

It was clear that there were only two of them, yet they had separated out into two different battlefields, and both sides were extremely intense and extremely dangerous.

The spirit was the soul of the physical body. Without the spirit, a cultivator was merely an empty shell, and the physical body was the vehicle of the spirit. Without the physical body, the spirit would have no roots and no home.

Everyone could feel their hair rise on ends as they watched. If they were scratched by either Ling Han’s or Changsun Liang’s attack, or struck by either of the two tiny figures, then wouldn’t their physical bodies be shattered, and even their souls obliterated?

In short, if it had been them fighting, they would have died who knew how many times by now.

Yet Ling Han and Changsun Liang kept throwing out ultimate moves. The two of them had cultivated every cultivation level underneath Celestial level to its utter perfection, so the strength of their battle prowess was not only unimaginable to ordinary people, it was also unexpectedly difficult to decide who was stronger between the two of them.

Ling Han’s strength lay in the fact that he had merged the Regulations of the two Realms in the Ancient Realm, which allowed his battle prowess to far exceed others in at least the Genesis Tier, while Changsun Liang had the advantage of a minor level. By now, it was unknown how many billions of stars he had formed, possessing a complete advantage in terms of pure power.

Both of them had their own strengths which just happened to cancel out each other, so the battle could not be resolved.

It was rare for the two of them to encounter a strong opponent, and as they continued to fight, they actually began to feel they had encountered someone that was a worthy match for them. However, they were too proud. Even if they would be shaking their hands and make peace after the battle, they were determined to decide who was the stronger one between the two of them.

‘...I am the strongest!’

Sword light shot into the skies, and celestial techniques dazzled the world.

This battle did not continue for too long, because it was too dangerous. The slightest move could cause severe injury. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

After only slightly less than one hour, both of their figures swayed, and they both stepped back.

The battle between themselves was not decided, but their tiny spirits gave each other a blow. Ling Han sustained a sword slash, and Changsun Liang’s tiny figure was struck by a punch.

The spirit shared a common origin with the main body. Changsun Liang’s face instantly turned pale and spat out a mouthful of blood, his expression becoming extremely dispirited.

Ling Han, too, trembled lightly, but his spirit had been tempered with the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll, so his ability to withstand blows was naturally very strong. In truth, after a moment of discomfort, the feeling had passed.

But now, he and Changsun Liang had become friends through their battle, so he decided to give him some face, and forced himself to spit out a mouthful of blood, which made his expression considerably much worse.

“Let’s call this battle a tie, all right?” Changsun Liang suppressed his injuries, and grinned at Ling Han.

In truth, he still had some powerful moves he had not used, but the price for using them would be too high. Furthermore, it was not a life-or-death battle where they were completely putting their lives on the line. Now that he had formed a good opinion of Ling Han through their fight, he naturally could not do so just for the sake of winning a battle.

Ling Han broke into a grin, and replied, “Sure!”

Changsun Liang walked over, and enthusiastically slung an arm over his shoulder, and declared, “Let’s go and share a drink!”

“Let’s drink!”

The two of them both laughed loudly, walking towards the main hall.

Others were all confused by this scene. Just now, they were fighting so fiercely as if they wanted nothing more than to kill the other, but why were they suddenly rubbing shoulders like this now, and looking like they were good friends? This was absolutely baffling.

That was because they did not understand how lonely true king tiers and prodigies felt. It was difficult to find someone that could match them among their peers, and now they had finally met someone that they could have a full-out battle with. How elated would they be at this?

The Empress showed a hint of displeasure. ‘Are you trying to steal my man?’

She quickly walked forwards. Changsun Liang noticed her, and turned around with a smile. “Sister-in-law, I had been rash just now. If I have offended you, please—”

Xiu!

The Empress did not allow him to finish his words at all. She had already grabbed him, and casually tossed him away. Then, she placed Ling Han’s hand on her waist, as if she was announcing that this man belonged to her.

Everyone was dumbfounded. Just how frightening was her strength?

Though Changsun Liang was injured, and though he had not expected that the Empress would suddenly make a move, being able to throw Changsun Liang out... Was there a second person that could accomplish this feat?

This mysterious beauty was the true top elite beneath the Severing Mundane Tier!

Regarding this fact, Ling Han was in full agreement. Even if he depended on his strong physique now, he could only battle the Empress to a tie at most. After all, he was a minor level inferior to her.

However, when he, too, had ascended to Saint King Tier, then even if the Empress and Changsun Liang joined forces, he would still be able to suppress the two of them.

Changsun Liang got back to his feet with gritted teeth. He had a grimace on his face, but was not angered—it was really difficult to get angry at the Empress.