Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1709: Finally becoming Saint King

Ling Han frowned, and asked, “Brother Changsun’s injuries haven’t recovered yet?”

Previously, his and Changsun Liang’s spirits had exchanged blows, and struck each other once. Ling Han came out of it practically unscathed, but Changsun Liang was not as freakish as he was, and his spirit had sustained severe injury. Such an injury wouldn’t recover too soon.

Furthermore, it was very difficult to use medicines to treat an injury to the spirit. Thankfully, this was the Celestial Realm, so Saintly medicines were commonplace. He would definitely be able to recover after recuperating for a few months’ time, and there was no need to worry that it would affect his venture to the Severing Mundane Pool that would take place over a year later.

But in the subsequent months, Changsun Liang’s battle prowess definitely would not be able to reach its prime. Fortunately, he was a king tier himself, so even if he could only use half of his battle prowess, it would be enough to overwhelm all other Genesis Tiers.

“This recovery ability of yours truly does make me envious!” Changsun Liang shook his head. They had both sustained a strike, but looking at how energetic Ling Han was now, he didn’t even look like he had been injured at all, did he?

Changsun Liang had just left, and Ling Han had a strange expression on his face. He had genuinely touched the doorstep to a breakthrough.

...The benefits of discussing Dao with the other party were very large, especially with the pinnacle battle that had taken place a few days ago, which helped him settle a great amount of experience. After digesting this experience, he naturally took the final step in the category of Immortal level.

He headed to a deserted forest to receive his heavenly tribulation.

Hong, long, long, tribulation clouds gathered densely. The heavenly tribulation of the Celestial Realm was much, much stronger than the heavenly tribulation of the Ancient Realm, its upper limit reaching as far up as Celestial King Tier. Ling Han did not dare be impudent, and obediently endured the tempering by the heavenly tribulation. He did not charge into the depths of the tribulation clouds.

However, after entering into the Celestial Realm, his heavenly tribulation had become considerably more normal because there were actually a considerable number of freaks like him in the Celestial Realm.

Half a day later, he had successfully endured the heavenly tribulation, and his Godly bones had advanced another level, reaching the height of One Star Pseudo-Divine Metal.

His present battle prowess was still far inferior to a first severance grand elder’s, but if a first severance grand elder wanted to kill him, he could only slowly refine him through the power of Regulations. If he wanted to kill him directly, it would only end in utter failure.

There was actually no pinnacle level to the Genesis Tier. Forming more than 10 billion stars was due to being incapable of breaking through to the Severing Mundane Tier. No matter how many stars you formed, you would not be all that much stronger after advancing into the Severing Mundane Tier.

At the level of a small world, cultivators mainly focused on power because they were unable to touch Regulations yet. When one had reached the Ancient Realm, the strength of their spirit would have increased, and the strength of the spirit would actually make it easier to grasp Regulations.

The stronger the Regulations one had grasped, the sturdier your spirit would be.

And by Celestial level, the importance of Regulations would far surpass power. This was the most powerful strength of Celestials. If the physical body was destroyed, then he would only have to switch to another shell, and his battle prowess would not be very greatly affected.

Of course, it was not the “original” body, so there would definitely be the problem of getting used to it. Battle prowess would not be very affected, but it was very possible that one would have cut off his path of further advancement in future.

Thus, no matter how low-grade one’s physical body and bloodline were, there was practically not a single cultivator that would be willing to give them up, switch to another body, and start all over again.

“The next step would be Severing Mundane Tier.” Ling Han took a deep breath. He only needed to advance into the Severing Mundane Tier, and he would be able to lay claim to the label of elite in the Celestial Realm as well. It was unlike the Genesis Tier, wherein no matter how excellently he performed, he would only be considered as having potential.

Being a Severing Mundane ancestor meant having a limitless lifespan; one should know how difficult it was to take this step just merely due to this one fact.

In the Celestial Realm, there were as many Saints as dogs, and they were all over the place, but as for Severing Mundane ancestors?

There were only a few dozen in a One Star City, and even in a Two Star City, there were only a few thousand. Compared with the enormous population, this number was really pitifully small.

“And now, who could be a match for me within the Genesis Tier?” Ling Han stroked his chin. “Unfortunately, I am limited by my cultivation level, and am unable to grasp Celestial level Regulations. Otherwise, I would be able to inscribe Celestial level formations in my body, and even a first severance grand elder would possibly die at my hand.”

He was free at the moment anyways, so Ling Han inscribed even more Saint King Tier formations inside his body, but no matter how many he inscribed, it was useless. The battle prowess they could show was actually a 10,000th of his own battle prowess!

“Just how f***** strong have I become?” Ling Han himself was dazed. He had inscribed 999 Saint King Tier great formations in his body, but they only totalled up to 1/10,000 of his own battle prowess!

“If Hu Niu was still in Genesis Tier, that would be great. I would be able to spar with her, and see what level of battle prowess the Holy Daughter of a top tier sect would have.”

The Roc Palace was a Celestial King Tier force, and Hu Niu had also merged with the bloodline of the previous Imperial Empress as well as other miscellaneous items, so she was definitely in the level of top-tier Holy Sons and Holy Daughters.

“Sigh, I’ve already come to the Celestial Realm for quite some time, but I still don’t know if the Roc Palace is in the Eastern Celestial Realm or the Western Celestial Realm. What a failure I am.”

The Celestial Realm was too expansive. Even an Immortal Palace Tier elite like the Heavenly Emperor of Thunder and Fire had only traveled around in the territory of a few Celestial Kings, such small places that were only One or Two Stars, so it was actually very normal for him not to know where the Roc Palace was.

“Perhaps after I go to the Fu Clan, I would be able to at least find out where the Roc Palace is,” Ling Han mumbled.

He returned to his accommodations, and couldn’t help but spar with the Empress in the Black Tower. The result was that the Empress was forced to use all her ultimate moves to be capable of just barely blocking his offensive, and the problem here was Ling Han had not used any kind of celestial technique at all!

This level of strength was really a little exaggerated.

Another two days later, the team competition officially began.

In the first round, Dark Moon City drew an empty lot, and in the second round, they drew a weak team which had ranked below 200 in the last competition. Still, what did it matter if it was a strong team or a weak one?

They progressed triumphantly all the way, and no team was a match of theirs. The difference lay in how long Ling Han wanted the opposing team to last.

After the qualifying rounds ended, the finals began, and 32 teams drew lots once more.

The first opponent of Dark Moon City was the champion team from the last competition, the Double Extreme City’s team which was led by Yuan Xingping.

Everyone was discussing spiritedly, saying that Dark Moon City’s journey as a dark horse would end thus. The present Yuan Xingping’s strength would definitely be stronger than in the last competition now that he had settled for a few hundred years.

But the matter developed in a way that made all their jaws drop. When the two teams confronted each other, Yuan Xingping actually forfeited.

“Ling Han, I am indeed no match for you at present, but the breach from the Genesis Tier to Severing Mundane Tier is too wide. Even if there is a very big difference between us now, this gap would endlessly shrink after advancing into the Severing Mundane Tier. By then, I will battle you!”

Though Yuan Xingping forfeited, he had not lost his fighting spirit. On the contrary, his fighting spirit blazed like fire.

Ling Han laughed loudly. This was the kind of competitive spirit that he liked. Even if a battle in the future was inevitable, his heart would still be filled with respect. He nodded, and said, “Then I will wait expectantly for that.”

“You had best hurry. I have no wish to wait for 10,000,000 years to be able to challenge you!” Yuan Xingping waved a hand, and led his team off. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

If Ling Han missed the opening of the Severing Mundane Pool this time, then the next time would be 10,000,000 years later. Though there were still other places that he could sever his mortal bonds, he believed that a prodigy like Ling Han would definitely choose the Severing Mundane Pool, even if he had to wait another 10,000,000 years for it.

Ling Han involuntarily stroked his chin. Why did everyone think that he would not be able to make it in time for the opening of the Severing Mundane Pool?