Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1712: Changsun Liang defeated, Ling Han’s up

In a battle of elites, any minute factor could possibly influence the final outcome of their battle.

Fire subdued gold, and in this kind of battle of king tiers, this was really too fatal.

Boom!

When the 10,000 beasts had all surged past, Changsun Liang had also been blasted back more than 90 meters, with a few charred spots on his clothes, though most of it was still undamaged. This was because he wore a treasured robe that possessed astonishing defenses.

But it was not a Pseudo-Celestial Tool, after all, so it could not possibly defend completely against the most powerful strike from a Genesis Tier, and Changsun Liang still looked battered and exhausted.

And this was because he was Changsun Liang. If it was another Genesis Tier, then even if he was wearing 10 treasured robes, he would only be burnt into ash in an instant.

Changsun Liang panted heavily, a sliver of blood at the corner of his lips. He could only defend and could not fight back, yet he still managed to take three powerful moves from an elite that was his equal head-on. Unless he had as freakish a physique as Ling Han had, it was absolutely impossible that he would be completely unwounded.

His eyes became very harsh. Even in that battle of peak stage king tiers between Ling Han previously, he had never cut such a sorry figure.

It was not because Xiao Sheng was stronger than Ling Han, but rather because the former had shamelessly made use of his promise.

This was a king tier, but more than that, he was also an ambitious and ruthless character. As long as he achieved his purpose, he would use all means, fair or foul.

Pa, pa, pa. Xiao Sheng broke out in applause, and smilingly said, “I have to admit that Brother Changsun does indeed have some strength. I initially thought that you would not be able to take three moves from me at all, but the truth has really given me a shock!”

Hearing these words, everyone in the area was furious.

If the Lord Holy Son had not promised to let you have the first three moves, how could he possibly have fallen into such a disadvantageous situation?

But everyone could not help but admit that Xiao Sheng was indeed very strong. Otherwise, even if Changsun Liang had allowed him the first three moves, the situation would not have become like this.

“However, Brother Changsun, you have sat long enough on the position of the top elite of the younger generation, so it’s about time you gave someone else a turn!” Xiao Sheng laughed, and struck out. He had already recovered to his prime condition, but Changsun Liang was injured, and he planned to use this opportunity to defeat the latter with a single move.

The battle of the two young king tiers was also the competition of the two great forces of the Black Moon Sect and the Xiao Clan. Whoever won this clash would gain a major advantage.

Changsun Liang was naturally aware of this as well. He forcibly suppressed his injuries, and began fighting with his opponent.

At this moment, Changsun Liang’s strength could clearly be seen. Even if he had been injured, his battle prowess was still incredibly violent, and he was clashing with Xiao Sheng without showing any sign of weakness, showing that his reputation as a king tier had definitely not come casually.

However, Ling Han frowned.

Not good, this was extremely not good.

Changsun Liang had initially suffered a spiritual wound, and now he had been blasted with three powerful moves successively, so his battle prowess should have dropped drastically. Yet his battle prowess had returned to its peak state at this moment; what was the reason for that?

He had to have used some kind of secret technique to forcibly suppress his injuries.

If Changsun Liang was unable to defeat Xiao Sheng in a short time, then once the effects of the secret technique had passed, not only would he be forced back to where he started, his injuries would also in fact become heavier, and his condition would be even worse.

...How could he use such a secret technique without paying some kind of price?

Ling Han could see this, so how could the powerful figures of the Black Moon Sect not? They all showed expressions of anxiety. If Changsun Liang could show his impressive might, and defeat Xiao Sheng in a few moves, there naturally would not be any problem.

But Xiao Sheng was really too strong, completely not inferior to Changsun Liang at all. Even if the two of them had fought in their best condition, it would be hard to determine who would emerge victorious, and now, to want to decide the battle in just a few moves?

Even if Changsun Liang used a powerful method that meant throwing his life on the line, how could it be that his opponent would definitely take it head-on?

This was terrible!

Meanwhile, Xiao Dong was smiling slightly as he stroked his beard. He and their Xiao Clan had waited too long for this day to come.

Previously, the Black Moon Sect had already produced a king tier, causing a few two star forces around them to feel uneasy. Though they were all under the reign of the Fu Clan, the Fu Clan had never made it a law that they had to maintain peaceful relations among themselves.

In the Celestial Realm, battle was the main theme that would never change!

Once Changsun Liang matured, putting aside the possibility of reaching the Immortal Palace Tier, with his talent as a king tier, there should be no problem for him to defeat Dividing Soul Tiers. By then, the Xiao Clan would be in a dangerous position.

Thankfully, they had also produced a Xiao Sheng!

At present, Xiao Sheng was not 20,000 years old yet. After showing such strong natural talent, he had been nurtured by the Xiao Clan in secret, right until he had reached the peak stage of the Genesis Tier. Only then had he appeared in the public eye, and his first battle was against Changsun Liang!

Xiao Sheng was a rookie, so there was no pressure on him. If he lost, it was completely normal, but if he won, he would be able to replace Changsun Liang and become the strongest prodigy of this current generation.

The Xiao Clan... would be emerging aggressively as a powerful force!

Xiao Dong laughed madly in his thoughts. What Black Moon Sect? Ptui.

Changsun Liang pushed his battle prowess to its limits, but there would be a time when one’s power was used up. He had been wounded in the first place, and suppressing his injuries forcefully to continue the battle was already his utmost, so how could he manage to further increase his battle prowess on this kind of basis?

Impossible!

The more he fought, the worse his situation became. He was already being suppressed by Xiao Sheng, and practically had lost all ability to counter.

Finally, he spat out a mouthful of blood. That was the secret technique having exceeded its time limit, and he could no longer control his injuries.

Pu!

Xiao Sheng threw out a punch, and a flaming blade burst out from his fist, stabbing deeply into Changsun Liang’s right shoulder, and passing all the way through. This was a manifestation of Regulations, being filled with destructive power, and immediately caused Changsun Liang to be in unbearable agony. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

The sect master of the Black Moon Sect gripped his hands into tight fists. However, Xiao Dong had not done anything lethal, and Xiao Dong was right there beside him, so he forcibly suppressed his urge to make a move.

The battle was already lost, and he could not afford to lose his pride at the same time.

“Hahahaha, this is the so-called top elite of the young generation?” Xiao Sheng flicked up Changsun Liang with his fiery blade, his face filled with disdain. “Don’t make me laugh; he’s not all that stronger than a piece of trash!”

“From today onwards, I am the true top elite of the young generation, the only king tier!”

With a toss, Changsun Liang was thrown out. He smiled proudly, showing his wild nature, and was incredibly arrogant.

“Changsun Liang, when you see me in future, remember to take a different path. Otherwise, I will thrash you every single time I see you, and beat you into submission.”

He slanted a sideways look at the people around him, his expression filled with arrogance and as just simply asking for a beating. “What is it? Not happy about it? Anyone who is dissatisfied can come in for a battle. As long as it is Genesis Tier, as many of you can come!”

Everyone was extremely infuriated, but faced with this kind of elite, the advantage of numbers was meaningless. Furthermore, even if they had really defeated him with thousands or tens of thousands of them, what meaning would there be to it?

It would only be a joke to others.

Ling Han quickly stepped out, catching hold of Changsun Liang. He nodded, and said, “Rest assured, just leave the rest to me!”

Changsun Liang grabbed hold of Ling Han’s wrist, and spat out a mouthful of blood first. Then, he said, “Be careful, that person’s strength is definitely not inferior to mine!”

Ling Han broke into a grin, and said, “Brother Changsun, don’t tell me that you have not discovered that I have broken through?”

F***, he really had!

Changsun Liang was instantly dumbfounded. Because Ling Han was too strong, others would subconsciously overlook his cultivation level.

And now he suddenly realized that Ling Han had managed to fight him to a tie when he had only been a Great Saint. Then, now that this guy had advanced into Saint King Tier, how strong would he now have become?

He was definitely at a freakishly strong level.