Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1715: Recruitment

Only now did Xiao Dong realize that he had been tricked by Ling Han, and his face involuntarily darkened.

He did not even know how he was supposed to describe Ling Han.

The latter had deliberately misreported his identity, obviously not wanting to become a target of the Xiao Clan. This was a display of weakness. But just how outrageously brazen was he to publicly deceive a Dividing Soul Tier elite?

“Humph, you actually dare to trick me!” He glared at Ling Han. Instantly, two iron swords leaped out of his eyes, slashing out towards Ling Han at an incredibly fast speed.

This was the overwhelming advantage of two major tiers, what more when the gap between Celestial level and Immortal level was as wide as the gap between heaven and earth; how was Ling Han supposed to block this?

The sect master of the Black Moon Sect moved. He had long since been prepared. Stretching out a hand, he crushed these two iron swords. He laughed, and said, “Old Geezer Dong, you are really getting more childish the more you age. To actually fall down to the level of a junior. You can’t allow juniors their mischief and to play around?”

Xiao Dong’s expression was extremely ugly. He stared coldly at the sect master of the Black Moon Sect, but this was the territory of another. He had already moved once, and if he made another move, the sect master of the Black Moon Sect would probably fly into a rage.

He had no wish to spark a full war between the Xiao Clan and the Black Moon Sect, either, and thus said, “Fine, then we’ll have these juniors battle once more in the Severing Mundane Pool!”

After one had advanced into Celestial level, no matter how wide their gap had been in the Genesis Tier, it would shrink endlessly because the breach from Immortal level to Celestial level was really too huge. Furthermore, there was also variation in quality in the Severing Mundane Tier. The more thoroughly one severed his mortal bonds, the stronger his strength would be after taking this crucial step.

There was no need to be too bothered about the gain or loss of a Genesis Tier. The true start of an elite was after they had advanced into the Severing Mundane Tier.

Holding Xiao Sheng, he leaped up, and already soared back to that vessel in the skies. Then, the ship turned around and left, returning to Hundred Magnificence City.

Immediately, the whole area broke out in fiery cheers, all cheering for Ling Han and the Empress.

They had won!

“Ling Han! Ling Han! Ling Han!”

“Luan Xing! Luan Xing! Luan Xing!”

Their cries rang out, as if they would shake down even the stars in the skies.

Ling Han smiled and clasped his hands in the direction of those around him. Meanwhile, the Empress was incredibly proud. She didn’t bother to pay anyone any regard.

“Brother Ling, you are really extraordinarily strong.” After Changsun Liang had undergone emergency treatment, he was now mobile. However, his injuries had become worse, and the shards of Fire Regulations had also invaded his body, so he would need a very, very long time to recover to his prime condition.

Even if he had the help of Saintly medicine, it was still difficult!

However, he was the Holy Son of the Black Moon Sect. The Severing Mundane Pool would open in another year or so, and the great elites of the sect would probably treat him at all costs. They definitely could not allow him to miss an opportunity like this, or that would mean waiting for another ten million years.

Ling Han laughed loudly, and said, “Thankfully, I have not disappointed you.”

“You have done far more than not disappointing me, you are practically astounding!” Changsun Liang shook his head. “Now, even I feel my fighting spirit blaze, and highly anticipate the battle I will have with you after we enter into Severing Mundane Tier. Otherwise, I will definitely not fight with you again.”

Just look at how Xiao Sheng was being hit around like a ball. It was fine to watch such a spectacle, but he had no desire to experience it personally.

Ling Han smiled faintly. If he successfully entered into the Severing Mundane Tier, that would be delivering a strike to the heaven and earth, which was much stronger than striking himself. Even now, Changsun Liang was no match for him. If he did not advance into Celestial level via the strongest method when he entered into the Severing Mundane Tier, then it was even more impossible that he could be a match for him.

The competition ended, and Ling Han was busy collecting his winnings. Both he and the Empress had placed a wager of a total of over 1,000 Star Stones. Those were their full wealth, and now it had become 20,000, which could be considered an exorbitant sum.

When the two of them returned to the relay station, they saw that their accommodations had completely become a sea of people.

These people were all waiting for Ling Han and the Empress.

Their display was too outstanding, so a great many forces wanted to recruit them. There were also a considerable number of people that wanted to befriend them. If they did not move now, the two of them would no longer be in their league.

Ling Han was pestered beyond tolerance, and in the end he could only ask Celestial Clouds Island for help. With the red-haired young man as their escort, they went to the Celestial Clouds Island, and only then did they manage to gain a moment of peace.

Only a day had passed, and Changsun Liang’s condition had improved considerably. According to him, four Heaven Soul elites of the sect had personally moved, not hesitating to even expend their own vitality in order to heal his injuries, and he had improved only with that.

Going by the look of things, he would be able to recover fully in about half a year’s time.

Changsun Liang also extended an olive branch to Ling Han and the Empress, wanting to recruit them into the Black Moon Sect. Though there was only one Holy Son, he could bestow the title of honored elders on them, and they would enjoy very good privileges.

They were also the only ones who could become elders without having to break through to the Severing Mundane Tier first.

Ling Han refused tactfully. He had no wish to stay for a long time here. He only had to find out the exact whereabouts of the Roc Palace, and he would immediately set out. His wife, son, and parents were all waiting for him, so what time did he have to squander here?

Changsun Liang did not force them. Ling Han and the Empress were too outstanding. Perhaps their future level was also higher than he could imagine.

Ling Han and Changsun Liang made a promise to meet once more in another year and a half’s time at the Severing Mundane Pool, and then the former returned to Dark Moon City with Long Gaofei.

They spent another two months’ time on the journey, and when they returned to Dark Moon City, they also brought back the news that they had won the first place in the martial arts competition.

The whole city was in uproar. The last time Dark Moon City became champion was three eras ago. This position of champion naturally excited innumerable people. Everyone suddenly experienced a feeling of pride, and their cohesiveness increased greatly. Their sense of belonging to Dark Moon City also increased another level.

The Duan Clan and Long Clan both energetically attempted to recruit Ling Han and the Empress. If they could obtain these two people, then it would not be an issue for their clan to soar. Furthermore, the Empress was clearly an integral whole with Ling Han. As long as Ling Han nodded, that would be equivalent to also gaining the alliance of the Empress.

The best method naturally was an alliance through matrimony, yet Ling Han looked like he was not attracted by any feminine charms, causing both the Duan Clan and Long Clan to be at their wits’ end. They had already sent out the most beautiful daughters of their clan, but they were not able to even enter the doors of Ling Han’s residence.

What mood did Ling Han have at present for flirting? He was presently studying the information about the Severing Mundane Pool. A year and a half later, he would enter into this place, and he would also be facing a competition of millions and millions of people by then.

Severing one’s mortal bonds had to be done in specific locations of the Celestial Realm, and this kind of location was usually incredibly dangerous. Thus, it was necessary to first understand the situation, or what would be severed would be his own life.

In this place, even Severing Mundane Tier Ancestors could be killed, what more people like them who had yet to enter into Celestial level.

This danger was mainly reflected in the environment and the Demonic Beasts in the Mystery Realm. For example, there were caves that had strong absorption. If one was to be sucked in, it was never heard that they could actually come back out alive.

Especially so for the Severing Mundane Pool. The power of heaven and earth there was the strongest, and was also the most dangerous. Every time, at least half the people who had entered into the Severing Mundane Pool had been killed in the Mystery Realm. Slightly less than half would be dying in the process of severing their mortal bonds afterwards, and the remaining few would just barely survive the ordeal and become Severing Mundane Ancestors. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

This number would not exceed 100 every single time.

...Compared to the million that had entered, this ratio was pitifully low.

And it was right at this moment that the Han Clan came.