Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1716: Play big

The Han Clan, a three-star force and the overlord of Nine Underworlds City.

In the past, the Han Clan had once sent out a very outstanding junior for a training trip in the Ancient Realm. Firstly, if he could cultivate to the consummate level of the Genesis Tier in the Ancient Realm, his battle prowess would far exceed his peers, and secondly, the Ancient Realm had treasures that were left behind by the Celestial Kings, so if he managed to get hold of these treasures, that would be fantastic.

This junior was Han Qi.

However, Han Qi encountered Ling Han, and for the sake of a Void Flower, the two of them battled. In the end, Ling Han destroyed Han Qi’s physical body. If it were not for the fact that there was a technique that an elite of his clan had planted in his mind, protecting his spirit as it returned to the Celestial Realm, he would probably have died in shame in the Ancient Realm.

At that time, Ling Han claimed that he came from the Ding Clan of Dark Moon City, and thus, the Ding Clan was out of luck.

This was not just the matter of a junior having his physical body destroyed. The Han Clan also suspected that Ling Han had obtained the celestial technique of Celestial King Tier. Thus, a powerful figure soon came to the Ding Clan, but no matter how hard he investigated, he did not discover any possibility for a member of the Ding Clan to travel to the Ancient Realm.

...To send some beneath Celestial level into the Ancient Realm would at least require strength on the level of Dividing Soul Tier. Who would be capable of doing this in Dark Moon City?

Thus, the Han Clan flew into a rage, and then returned.

On this matter, the Black Moon Sect did not dare make any noise. The reason was very simple: how could a two star force challenge a three-star force? Furthermore, there was no movement from the Fu Clan, either. Should they begin a war with the Han Clan just for the mere sake of a puny Ding Clan?

That would be a real joke!

Furthermore, the Han Clan had indeed experienced a loss in this matter, so no matter what, they should be allowed to vent their anger, right?

All in all, all the members of the Ding Clan were depressed.

This time, another person had come from the Han Clan, and it was the victim, Han Qi. He wanted to personally identify that criminal!

When Ling Han heard this, he involuntarily propped up his chin, and sank into deep thought.

Could he use this chance to teach the Ding Clan a lesson?

Actually, Ling Han already planned to leave Dark Moon City. Firstly, it was already very close to the day that the Severing Mundane Pool would open, and around half a year would still have to be spent on the journey. Actually, the true waiting period would only be about a year.

Secondly, he had made too big a show at Black Moon City. Though there were a great many forces that wanted to recruit him, there were definitely some other forces that wanted to eliminate him.

Who would be willing to let a king tier emerge from another force? Wouldn’t that be waiting to be conquered in future?

Especially when he had also harshly offended the Xiao Clan; this was a two star force!

For example, if they sent out a Dividing Soul Tier elite, how was Ling Han supposed to block that?

Even if the Ding Clan, Long Clan, and Duan Clan joined forces, they would all be eliminated instantly even if they were only facing a Yin Soul elite. Furthermore, it would already be a blessing if the Ding Clan did not follow up with a subsequent strike of their own, and only watched the show from the sidelines.

Of course, if Ling Han was willing to stay in Black Moon City, the Xiao Clan definitely would not dare invade. However, this was only a One Star City, so what did the Xiao Clan have to fear?

In any case, he was going to leave, so why not play big this time round?

Ling Han broke into a grin. ‘Then let’s play around.’

At present, he had no burdens at all. Feng Po Yun and the others had all stayed behind in the secondary city of Black Moon City. They had all accustomed themselves to the Regulations of the Celestial Realm. As long as they did not voluntarily confess, who would be able to tell that they had come from the Ancient Realm?

The Rain Emperor had already left on his long journey as well, stepping on the path of his own Dao. There was nothing that he had to worry about.

Ling Han began to make his preparations, and after about a day, he suddenly sent out the news that he requested to join the Ding Clan.

This caused a great commotion among the three great clans.

Who would have imagined that, with both the Long Clan and Duan Clan having set out what could be considered “sky-high” conditions, Ling Han did not agree to join either clan, but the Ding Clan did not make any attempt to recruit him, yet Ling Han would actually approach them on his own volition. What was going on here?

Did this guy have a trait of a masochist?

The Ding Clan also began a serious discussion regarding this matter.

“I think that we should still accept this boy. Could it be that you people have not heard of his martial success? He is an equal of the Holy Son!” a third severance grand elder said. He was also one of the only two third severance grand elders of the Ding Clan, and his name was Ding Shan.

“Furthermore, he is also good friends with the Holy Son. If we can make a connection like this, then the Ding Clan would definitely become the top noble clan in Dark Moon City in a single leap!”

The other third severance grand elder, Ding Song, shook his head, however, and said, “This damn brat is wily and cunning, and definitely bears no good intentions! Our Ding Clan did not promise him any kind of benefits at all, so why does he want to join us?” RE𝒂ad updated st𝒐ries at n/𝒐/vel/bin(.)com

This was something that everyone did not understand. Even if Ling Han wanted to join any force, it should not have been the Ding Clan. Moreover, wasn’t it better for him to join the Black Moon Sect? He was good friends with Changsun Liang.

“I think that this boy’s words are not to be trusted!” Ding Hu said decisively. Though he had not seen Ling Han many times, the horrible impression that this boy had left on him was deeply imprinted.

The members of the Ding Clan were divided into two factions. Half of them agreed to have Ling Han join them. After all, this was a supreme king tier, and he also had a connection with the Holy Son, but the other half determinedly objected, thinking that Ling Han had no reason at all to join them, and there had to be a conspiracy at the bottom of this matter.

...Hehe, this was indeed a conspiracy. However, even if the Ding Clan thought so hard that their heads exploded from the effort, they would not know where this conspiracy would come from. After all, the information that both sides had hold of was not equal.

Finally, everyone turned to look at Ding Yaolong. He was the only fourth severance grand elder of the clan, and was also their pillar of support.

Ding Yaolong stretched out a finger to tap lightly on the armrest. After a long while, he finally said, “Let Ling Han join the clan.” He paused, and continued, “Whether or not he has some intention that cannot be revealed, once he enters into the Ding Clan, everything would no longer be up to him to decide!”

“Ancestor is brilliant!” Whether they agreed or not, since Ding Yaolong had already said thus, everyone could only nod their heads in agreement.

However, thinking deeper about it, it was true. Once Ling Han joined the Ding Clan, whether he was to be beaten or killed would all be up to the decision of the Ding Clan.

How could it be that dealing with a member of their own clan would still require approval from the Duan Clan and Long Clan? Even the Black Moon Sect could not interfere in the internal matters of the Ding Clan.

Hehe, this brat might be hiding some form or conspiracy, but once he entered into the Ding Clan, then he would experience such torture that he would wish for death!

Ding Hu also broke into a sinister expression. He could no longer wait to strangle Ling Han to death with his own hands, and there was that woman with a perfect figure as well. After he killed Ling Han, she would become his plaything.

Very soon, the news spread out. The Ding Clan accepted Ling Han’s request, and agreed to have him join the Ding Clan. They even expressed that they would bestow their surname on Ling Han to show their high regard for him—see, we are all completely treating you like a family member.

This was also a trap laid out by the Ding Clan. To cultivators, a surname was extremely important, representing one’s roots!

And now having you change your surname was equivalent to giving you a slap.

But the crux of the matter now was that Ling Han’s present strength was too low. Thus, this move of the Ding Clan did indeed seem like it was a reward for Ling Han.

When Ling Han was informed, he couldn’t help but smile, and told the messenger to return with a message of his own, saying that as long as he could join the Ding Clan, he would change his surname to Ding.

He was not worried at all, because it was absolutely impossible that he would join the Ding Clan, so the matter of changing his surname naturally could not happen at all.

“Ding Clan, you people have never done any good deeds. This time, I will let you guys have some fun,” Ling Han mumbled to himself, a smile curling up the corners of his lips. Anyone who was familiar with him would know that this guy had to have plans of scr*wing someone over.