Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1735: Striking heaven and earth

Fu Xiaoyun felt an urge to rush forwards and give Ling Han a beating.

‘Do you know just how much of a freak you are?’

That guy had definitely failed in severing mundane just now, but after he spat out a mouthful of blood, he seemed like he was perfectly fine. Was he even human?

“I’m all right,” she said in a daze.

“Oh.” Ling Han nodded, and did not pay her any more regard as he continued to break through.

He had indeed failed in severing mundane once, and was struck by the heaven and earth instead. But his physique was too tough, so he actually received only minor injuries from the blow.

However, this backlash from heaven and earth would be more serious as time passed on. Even if his physique was tough, he could not be rash. Otherwise, in another two or three times, he would definitely be counter-killed. However, with the experience gained from this failure, he could already see hope of attaining the Severing Mundane Tier.

With such a comparison, the Empress was still more awesome than him. She had nine doppelgangers that could die in her place, and could fail a total of nine times!

The area once again returned to silence.

Everyone was attempting to break through, and was extremely focused. They did not have the leisure to be distracted.

Another five days later, a cry rang out from Bei Xuanming, and he suddenly shot up. HIs aura had suddenly soared greatly, and two divine blades were shooting from his eyes. Regulations entwined around him, filled with a sacred aura.

He showed a smile of satisfaction. This second severance was again a flawless severance!

Which also meant that he could maintain being invincible on the level of second severance. Even if he encountered an opponent in the peak stage of second severance now, he had nothing to fear. He had enough confidence that he would be able to defeat him.

Of course, if the other party was also a flawless severance, then that would have to depend on the celestial techniques, martial arts techniques, and other areas that both sides had grasped.

The Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden opened her eyes, took one look at him, and closed her eyes again.

The other three people were all at the innermost depths of comprehension, and aside from automatically counterattacking if they were attacked, there was absolutely no possibility that they would be alerted by any movement.

Kuang, thunderclouds gathered densely in the skies. Even in this kind of Mystery Realm of heaven and earth, the heavenly tribulation would still come as it desired.

Bei Xuanming was not worried enduring the heavenly tribulation here would affect Fu Xiaoyun. The heavenly tribulation was actually the fairest existence in this world. As long as you did not take the initiative to trifle with it, then even if you were standing by the side of the person undergoing the heavenly tribulation, you would be completely fine.

The terrifying heavenly tribulation descended, and Bei Xuanming stepped out. He only had to survive this heavenly tribulation, and he would be a genuine second severance grand elder.

With his age, this kind of second severance elite would be considered a prodigy even in the top tier great sects. Of course, it was still regretful that he had not been able to strike the heaven and earth, but how many people in this world would actually be capable of attaining Severing Mundane Tier with the alternative method?

They were all descendants from Celestial King Tier-level forces!

Half a day later, he had withstood the heavenly tribulation. Then, he looked towards Fu Xiaoyun, and could see an expression of conflict and struggle appear on her pretty face. A frightening aura of great dao was spreading out, forming a divine saber behind her, and looked right about to strike down.

Bei Xuanming couldn’t help but be astonished. This meant having failed in severing mundane, and she was about to receive a backlash from the heaven and earth!

This was a blade of heaven’s will. Anyone who was struck would be dead, and there was definitely no one that could survive.

Right at this moment, Fu Xiaoyun’s eyes suddenly snapped open. Boom, blazing light shot out from her eyes, and her aura was soaring millions and millions times over in an instant.

She had achieved the Severing Mundane Tier!

Bei Xuanming was dazed before realization dawned on him. Fu Xiaoyun had failed in striking the heaven and earth, but at the point of life or death, she had still grabbed hold of the chance and delivered a strike on herself, and had thus avoided the calamity of death, advancing into the Severing Mundane Tier.

Fu Xiaoyun showed a hint of pain, tears streaming from her eyes. She had already severed the mortal bond that she valued the most, and that was her love for her parents. From now onwards, her parents were still her parents, but they could no longer have any sort of influence on her.

Compared with strangers, the two of them would only have the additional label of her parents.

This was only a mere instant. Now that her mortal bond had been severed, she immediately became cold and heartless, as if she had never experienced this emotion.

The heavenly tribulation that had just dispersed gathered once more, blasting out towards Fu Xiaoyun.

Though Bei Xuanming was only in the second severance, he could only sit down and watch at present. He swept an eye over Ling Han and his group, and showed a sliver of killing intent. If he killed Ling Han and his group now, Fu Xiaoyun would not be able to stop him in the nick of time.

Forget it. He shook his head internally. Though she would not be able to stop it in time, she would still see it. He had no wish to be hated by his goddess for the sake of a few worms, even if it was just a little resentment.

Half a day later, Fu Xiaoyun successfully underwent the heavenly tribulation, and descended swiftly.

Bei Xuanming hurriedly approached, and asked, “Sister Yun, how is it?”

“A flawless severance,” Fu Xiaoyun replied calmly. After she had severed her bond with her parents, this still had a great effect on her, causing her personality to become considerably colder than before.

“Congratulations, Sister Yun,” Bei Xuanming said with a smile. He did not care which mortal bond Fu Xiaoyun had severed.

A flawless severance meant that she was worthy of him. Furthermore, if Fu Xiaoyun had accomplished severing mundane through the alternative method, he would feel mentally unbalanced, feeling that she was superior to him. But as for now? He thought that it was perfect.

“Let’s go!” Fu Xiaoyun swept a glance over Ling Han and the Empress. She did not think that these two people would be able to successfully strike at the heaven and earth. In the end, they would also suffer the same fate that she had, being forced to deliver the strike on themselves.

If they forcibly struck out at the heaven and earth, they would only die!

Since that was the case, she naturally would not be bothered to waste any more time.

Bei Xuanming was a little unwilling. Actually, he very much wanted to kill Ling Han, but after Fu Xiaoyun advanced into the Severing Mundane Tier, she was as cold and proud as a queen, which actually affected him slightly. He subconsciously did not want to disobey her.

The two of them took out the wooden raft, and left with the flow of the water.

‘I will not kill you, but you will not be able to survive severing mundane, either, anyways.’ Bei Xuanming looked back at Ling Han. He had not succeeded in severing mundane even after so many days; that basically meant that he would not be successful. Even if he did not make a move, Ling Han would still be killed by the heaven and earth.

He withdrew his gaze, no longer taking this little ant to heart. He was a king tier and prodigy, so what need was there for him to hate anyone?

The couple left swiftly, and only then did the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden breathe out in relief. She kept worrying that Bei Xuanming would suddenly make a move.

“It’s all right. I have been keeping an eye out,” Ling Han suddenly spoke up, a smile appearing upon his lips.

One should never be careless. Putting aside Bei Xuanming, he did not even trust Fu Xiaoyun. Thus, though they were all severing their mortal bonds here, Ling Han had kept a sliver of divine sense alert all this time. If they suddenly rose up and attacked, he would take the three of them into the Black Tower at the first instant.

Thankfully, though Bei Xuanming had repeatedly thought of making a move on them, he ultimately did not put it into action.

With the two of them having left, Ling Han finally could concentrate fully on severing his mortal bonds.

Delivering a strike onto heaven and earth was too difficult.

In the blink of an eye, it was already the 62nd day since they had entered into the Severing Mundane Pool, and there was only less than one-third of the time left until the Severing Mundane Pool would close. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

At the same time, a powerful aura seeped out of Ling Han and the Empress, turning into multiple divine blades. Then, they gradually merged, and ultimately became a massive divine saber that struck out at the heaven and earth.

Striking back at the heaven and earth!

Kuang, with the blade having struck, it clearly did not strike anything solid, but an endless echo burst out from the heaven and earth. Hong, long, long, the heaven and earth resonated, and there was thunder rumbling, as if the heaven and earth itself was raging.

Striking at the heaven and earth was a rebellion against the heaven and earth, so the heaven and earth would naturally be raging.

Yet the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden’s expression showed her joy. This meant that Ling Han and the Empress were close to success!