Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1736: Severing Mundane Tier

Strike after strike, Ling Han and the Empress struck faster and faster.

Hong, long, long, the thunder also became more intense and rapid, as if wanting to scare off Ling Han and the Empress so that they would immediately stop such treasonous actions.

But how could Ling Han and the Empress possibly care?

The whole life of a cultivator was spent on defying the heavens and changing their fate, so why did they have to adhere to heaven’s will instead when they were severing mundane?

Strike! Strike! Strike!

Boom!

A loud bang rang out, yet it was not heard by the ear, but rather exploded in the mind. Every single person in the Severing Mundane Pool felt their mind shake. Those who were about to fail in severing mundane before had actually thus gotten back on the right track!

They did not know what had happened, and only thought that this was a blessing from the heavens. All of them were incredibly surprised and overjoyed.

This was because Ling Han and the Empress were about to successfully deliver a strike onto the heaven and earth, which had caused a mysterious change in destiny, and led to the strike of severing mundane become considerably much easier—of course, destiny was variable and indefinite, so this strike might become extremely difficult the next time.

Ling Han and the Empress opened their eyes at the same time. A powerful aura surged out from them, directly shooting up into the skies.

Weng, this kind of aura took the form of two pillars of light, and even those outside the Severing Mundane Pool could clearly see this.

“What’s going on here?” A great many people were waiting outside, and there were still others that had retreated back out midway through. Additionally, there was a very small number that had already completed severing mundane, and came back out.

A Severing Mundane Tier produced from striking the heaven and earth had never happened before, at least not in the vicinity of a three-star force. Thus, none of these people knew that this was reaching the Severing Mundane Tier through the alternative method, and an unknown change had taken place in the heaven and earth.

On the island at the lake’s center, tribulation clouds began to gather densely, and the heavenly tribulation built up once more.

Ling Han and the Empress stood on opposing sides of the island so that they would not accidentally be pulled into each other’s heavenly tribulation.

This heavenly tribulation... was extremely terrifying!

They had struck the heaven and earth instead to succeed, and this was not permitted by the latter, because they had severed their connection with it, and they would no longer be under the control of the heaven and earth from now on.

The heaven and earth would try their best to destroy such an existence.

But even so, the heavenly tribulation still had to adhere to certain rules. At least, it could not possibly send out a divine punishment on the level of Dividing Soul Tier. Otherwise, there would be no one in this world that could survive.

The might of the heavenly tribulation was comparable to a second severance elite.

Unfortunately, Ling Han and the Empress had both cultivated to the true pinnacle level of the Eternal River Tier, and this meant that after they advanced into the Severing Mundane Tier, they would be invincible kings among their peers. And now that they had successfully struck the heaven and earth, these two advantages stacked up, allowing them to be invincible even against an opponent superior to them by a whole cultivation level!

Second severance elite? Piece of cake!

They blasted back at the heavenly tribulation. Ling Han was even more hardcore: he took the initiative to guide the heavenly tribulation into his body to temper his Godly bones.

Half a day later, the two of them stopped at almost the exact same time.

They exchanged a look, and could see the confidence that came from being invincible in each other’s gaze.

“A flawless severance!” they both declared.

Even if it was delivering a strike onto heaven and earth, there was still a difference in quality: this strike could be a light blow or a heavy blow. Ling Han and the Empress had completely severed their connection with the heaven and earth, without the slightest lingering trace left behind. This was what ensured that they could still have invincible battle prowess even against a foe that was superior by a minor level! Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

But it also brought a problem, and that was it would become incredibly difficult for them to comprehend great dao in future because since they had severed their bond with the heaven and earth, they would also be incompatible with the great dao of heaven and earth, so successfully comprehending it would be too difficult.

Thankfully, they had the Reincarnation Tree, which could completely compensate for this shortcoming.

Moreover, Severing Mundane Tiers possessed an unlimited lifespan in theory.

“I should go retrieve that Source Water,” Ling Han said with a smile. Now that he had waited until he attained the Severing Mundane Tier to go underwater, he actually had more confidence. The might of the Nine Heavens Flame was completely corresponding with his own cultivation level. The stronger he was, the stronger the Nine Heavens Flame would be, and this was the flame of his life force.

“I’ll wait for you,” the Empress said tenderly. Her tenderness would eternally bloom for only one man.

Ling Han’s heart involuntarily soared. He nodded, and said, “The two of you wait here, I shouldn’t take too long.”

If he could retrieve it, he would, but if he couldn’t, he would not force the issue, either. He could always come back in the future.

The two women nodded. Because they knew that Ling Han possessed the Black Tower, they were not very worried.

Ling Han channeled the Nine Heavens Flame. Boom, the blazing white flames appeared all around his body, and one could clearly see patterns of great dao rippling among the flames—it was the manifestation of Regulations, exuding a might that would even cause a Dividing Soul Tier elite fear.

At present, the Nine Heavens Flame had also advanced into Celestial level, and from Celestial level onwards, its might could finally be reflected fully.

Ling Han wrapped himself in the Nine Heavens Flame, and suddenly jumped into the lake waters.

If this scene was seen by others, they would definitely exclaim that he was a maniac. Wasn’t he just seeking death? But in the next instant, they would be dumbfounded because the lake waters were actually unable to corrode Ling Han’s body due to his body being wrapped by the Nine Heavens Flame.

The Nine Heavens Flame resisted the power of the Source Water. This was not a resistance of cultivation level, but an exchange of blows in terms of level.

One was an ancestral flame, and the other was a Source Water. They were both entities that represented the most basic life force of the Celestial Realm. In terms of level, neither was superior to the other. The rule of weakening and support among the Five Elements did not apply here.

On the level of life force, every single Regulation was actually equal, just like how Time Regulation was noble and lofty before one had reached Celestial King Tier, but once one had truly reached Celestial King Tier, it was not actually all that stronger than Wood, Fire, and other Regulations.

Thus, the Nine Heavens Flame would not be hindered by the Source Water.

Ling Han dived deep into the lake, but this great lake was frighteningly deep. He dived for a whole two days and two nights, but he had still not reached the bottom. When he looked down, it was still completely dark, as if there was no bottom to the lake.

Ling Han calculated the time. At most, he could only dive for another eight days; he would definitely have to swim back up by then. Otherwise, he, the Empress, and the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden could not possibly manage to leave the Severing Mundane Power before the three months’ time was up. And by then, the violent power of the heaven and earth would explode, and even a Celestial King would frown at that. They would only be able to spend the next 10,000,000 years inside the Black Tower.

How could that be allowed!

Three days, four days, five days!

When the sixth day came, Ling Han finally reached the bottom, and with the guidance of Small Tower, he discovered a cave at the bottom of the lake. After he entered, the water level was actually slowly decreasing. Finally, it actually became a stream, and he could walk beside it. Even without the Nine Heavens Flame protecting his body, there was no need to worry that he would be corroded by the lake waters.

Another half a day later, a small pond appeared ahead of him. There was an expanse of water in the pond, but it was slightly wriggling like a jellyfish. And by the side of the pond, there was actually a person sprawled out. This stream was formed precisely from the aura that was flowing out of him.

Ling Han couldn’t help but be stunned. This person’s aura actually turned into a river that would make even a Celestial King frown, so how powerful was this person?

“Yi, I actually guessed wrongly,” Small Tower spoke up. “That is a Celestial King who clearly came here to collect the Source Water, but did not succeed. Instead, he died here, and his aura turned into the river of Regulations. Aside from a Celestial King, only one who has grasped the life force of the heaven and earth could make it to this place.”

Ling Han nodded, but then his expression darkened, and he almost jumped up in indignation. “So as it turned out, you weren’t exactly sure, yet still had me jump into a hellhole?”

This guy said that the Nine Heavens Flame could resist the Source Water, but this f****** wasn’t even the Source Water, but rather the Regulations of a Celestial King!