Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1764: Everything Has Its Vanquisher

The Ten Beasts Technique was a Celestial King Tier secret technique, and the three Battle Beasts were more so imbued with Source Powers such as the Nine Heavens Flame and the Xuanyin Source Water. Although the Battle Beast which was imbued with the power of lightning was slightly weaker, it could still rival ordinary third severance grand elders.

Who could block these three devastating Battle Beasts?

The Ding Clan was instantly transformed into a sea of destruction and blood. Cries of misery and agony echoed throughout the entire city.

The grand elders of the Long Clan and the Duan Clan immediately arrived in the surroundings. In fact, even Mao Dai had come. However, these three elites only observed the battle in the distance, and they didn’t show any signs of interfering. Moreover, they were all wearing expressions of shock and disbelief.

Ling Han’s battle prowess... was incredible!

The grand elders of the Long Clan and the Duan Clan were still confident that they could suppress Ling Han. However, after pondering over this question for a while, Mao Dai resolutely shook his head. If he were to battle against Ling Han, he would have no confidence that he could achieve a certain victory.

Anyhow, the current situation was quite strange.

Mao Dai, as well as the grand elders of the Long Clan and the Duan Clan, had all been attracted here by the commotion. However, where was Ding Yaolong? He was still hiding in some unknown corner!

Was he afraid of Ling Han? This naturally couldn’t be the case. He was at the peak stage of the fourth severance, and he was also a supremely talented elite. Thus, he definitely possessed the ability to suppress Ling Han at this moment.

Something felt off, so there was definitely more to the current situation than met the eye!

Ling Han was also keeping alert against any sudden changes. In any case, the current massacre didn’t need much of his attention anyway. The three Battle Beasts were seemingly invincible as they continued to wantonly wreak havoc.

“Evil brat!” When only less than one-tenth of the Ding Clan remained, a loud and furious roar suddenly boomed through the sky. Ding Yaolong had finally appeared.

“Ancestor!” the remaining members of the Ding Clan exclaimed in excitement. Ding Yaolong was the backbone of the Ding Clan, and he was also the symbol of might and invincibility.

Even if the entire Ding Clan were massacred, it would still be eventually rebuilt as long as Ding Yaolong remained.

Meanwhile, Ling Han was slightly astonished as he turned around to look at Ding Yaolong.

This was because Ding Yaolong’s hair was completely white, and his face was also full of wrinkles. He looked so old that Ling Han could barely recognize him.

One had to realize that Ding Yaolong was a prodigy among prodigies. He had severed the mundane at an extremely young age, and he had only looked to be around 30 years old at that time. He had been tall and sturdy, and he had also been brimming with vitality and vigor. Now, however, he looked like a frail old man. He had transformed far too much.

“Die!” Ding Yaolong roared as he charged at Ling Han. He then immediately launched an attack without saying anything else.

Weng!

He summoned his Bell of Ten Thousand Ghosts.

Boom!

A boundless ice-cold aura swept forth, and this was accompanied by the shrill wails of 10,000 ghosts. This attack was enough to make one go numb with apprehension, and it was enough to make one’s divine sense leave their body.

The Bell of Ten Thousand Ghosts had actually become even stronger!

Ling Han finally understood why Ding Yaolong hadn’t appeared earlier. He also understood why Ding Yaolong had transformed into this ghost-like state. As it turned out, he had been strengthening his Bell of Ten Thousand Ghosts.

Regarding the specifics of how he had achieved this, Ling Han didn’t know. He wasn’t interested in finding out, either. Presumably, it required a sacrifice of one’s life force and energy, and it was because of this that Ding Yaolong had ended up in such a miserable state.

There was one thing that Ling Han could confirm, though: the current Bell of Ten Thousand Ghosts was incredibly terrifying.

The shrill wails of 10,000 ghosts surged toward Ling Han.

Initially, the cultivation level of these vengeful ghosts had only been around the early stage of the third severance. Now, however, their cultivation level had already reached the peak stage of the third severance. If only one or two of the ghosts had achieved this rise in cultivation level, it naturally wouldn’t have been any problem at all. However, as its name suggested, the Bell of Ten Thousand Ghosts held a profound number of vengeful ghosts.

10,000 ghosts had achieved this sudden rise in cultivation level. This was a genuinely terrifying notion. Ling Han was being surrounded and attacked by a profound number of vengeful ghosts at the peak stage of the third severance, and each of these vengeful ghosts was completely fearless and even undying. Just how terrifying was this?

At the very least, Mao Dai and the grand elders from the Long Clan and the Duan Clan were feeling so apprehensive that their hair had already stood on ends. They immediately shot back in retreat, moving dozens of kilometers into the distance. This was to avoid being swept up in the suffusing black mists. Large numbers of vengeful ghosts were appearing from that expanse of black mist, and they would definitely struggle to protect themselves if they were caught anywhere near it.

However, Ling Han simply smiled upon seeing this attack.

In the cultivation world, quantitative changes would often lead to qualitative changes. This was the case with the Bell of Ten Thousand Ghosts, which could release 10,000 vengeful ghosts to attack its target. Even fourth severance grand elders would struggle to withstand this attack. However, Ling Han had also experienced a qualitative change of his own.

This qualitative change had resulted from him advancing from the first severance to the second severance.

His Godly bones had become tougher, and they had genuinely risen to the level of Two-Star Divine Metal!

What did this signify? This signified that even fourth severance grand elders would need to attack him several times if they wanted to wound him! That being the case, how could Ling Han be afraid of third severance vengeful ghosts? Would it make a difference even if they were at the peak stage of the third severance?

Everything had its vanquisher. Right now, the Bell of Ten Thousand Ghosts was nothing but trash in Ling Han’s eyes!

Ling Han wrapped one of his arms around the Empress’ waist, and he wrapped his other arm around the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden’s waist. He then confidently strode forward. After all, how could the vengeful ghosts near him? If they weren’t incinerated by the Nine Heavens Flame, then they would be transformed into ice statues by the Xuanyin Source Water.

Pu!

Mao Dai and the grand elders from the Long Clan and the Duan Clan all gasped in shock upon seeing Ling Han casually stride forward. Their mouths hung so wide open that even an egg could be stuffed inside.

This was unbelievable!

This was far too f*cking unbelievable!

Even fourth severance grand elders could only kneel down and submit to Ling Han’s incredible battle prowess!

“I-impossible!” Ding Yaolong exclaimed in shock. His eyes were wide with puzzlement and disbelief. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

He had exhausted his life force, and even transformed himself into this miserable state in order to increase the power of the Bell of Ten Thousand Ghosts. Yet, it was still completely ineffective against Ling Han? This was far too crushing!

This was... this was... simply unfathomable!

Trying to astonish a fourth severance grand elder was an incredibly difficult task. However, Ling Han had done so with ease. Moreover, he had astonished not one fourth severance grand elder, but three!

Of course, he had also astonished that third severance grand elder.

“Nothing is impossible; effort is the decisive factor,” Ling Han said. He waved his hand, unleashing an orb of flashing lightning that exploded in the air.

Peng!

There was a deafening boom, and most of the black mist was instantly dissipated into nothingness. Along with it, hundreds of vengeful ghosts were also blasted into smithereens.

Cracking Light Sphere!

This was a large area-of-effect attack, and its effects were astonishingly good for the current situation. This was because the vengeful ghosts were only at the peak stage of the third severance, and Ling Han just happened to be powerful enough to kill such beings.

Each explosion could kill a large swathe of vengeful ghosts, and it was as if Ling Han were mowing through weeds.

Ding Yaolong couldn’t help but shudder.

These vengeful ghosts were summoned by the Bell of Ten Thousand Ghosts, so they weren’t genuine corporeal beings. Thus, there would be no concept of life and death. In turn, it wouldn’t matter if they were obliterated and destroyed. After all, the Bell of Ten Thousand Ghosts could simply summon more.

However, the Bell of Ten Thousand Ghosts would consume a portion of power each time it summoned a vengeful ghost. If too much power was consumed, it would eventually fall into a slumber. At that time, Ding Yaolong would need to sacrifice his blood and life force to awaken it again.

‘How can this be? How can this be?!’

Ling Han continued to unleash Cracking Light Spheres toward the swarm of vengeful ghosts. Even though the Bell of Ten Thousand Ghosts could continue to summon vengeful ghosts, the rate at which it did so was nowhere near the rate at which Ling Han was destroying them. Thus, the number of vengeful ghosts instantly started to decrease at a rapid rate.

In the beginning, there had been 10,000 vengeful ghosts. Now, however, there was only a small number of sparsely located vengeful ghosts. At this moment, they posed absolutely no threat to Ling Han.

The grand elders of the Long Clan and the Duan Clan exchanged a glance before immediately attacking in unison.

They were going to seize this opportunity to eliminate their rival!

Killing Ding Yaolong was not only to eliminate the problem of the Bell of Ten Thousand Ghosts. With his death, the resources of the Ding Clan would also become the resources of the Long Clan and the Duan Clan. This was a huge and mouth-watering amount of wealth.

This was their best opportunity, so how could they not seize it with both hands?

The two elites immediately teamed up, launching a wave of furious attacks at Ding Yaolong.

The Ding Clan was facing an existential crisis!