Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1788: A great sect appears

Being stared at so menacingly by the Empress, Qianzhao Tian actually couldn’t manage to feel the slightest bit of antipathy. He only felt that even a rebuke from the Empress was a kind of happiness. Just look, others weren’t even qualified to get a word from the Empress.

Pei, pei, pei, how could he think this way?

Qianzhao Tian hurriedly strengthened his will. He was a king tier of the present generation, not a masochist, so why would he feel happy from being looked down on by another?

But looking at the Empress’s perfect, flawless figure, the flames of his anger could not be stoked. He could only force out, “Miss, could it be that it isn’t the truth that I am saying?”

Shua, the Empress moved again, shooting out a palm strike.

This time, Qianzhao Tian was already prepared, so he would naturally not be retreating in panic. Instead, he moved to parry her incoming blow.

Peng, peng, peng. They fought fiercely in the ship’s hold. Thankfully, the ship’s hold was sturdy enough, and could withstand the bombardment of power from them, but as for those tables, cups, and paintings, they were all shattered into dust with a sweep of the powerful winds brought to rise from their exchange.

“Stop! Stop!” Everyone hurriedly intervened and tried to calm things down. Seeing a fierce battle erupt in such a narrow space, they had no choice but to make a move to parry, and it would be extremely easy for a battle royale to arise.

They were all king tiers or similar, and the moment a battle royale occurred, it would definitely be normal for deaths to occur.

How could the Empress, being as willful as she was, possibly listen to the persuasion of others? She continued to attack.

There was nothing anyone could do. They could only join forces in restraining Qianzhao Tian.

Pa, pa, pa. The Empress was not reasonable at all, and only stopped when she had slapped Qianzhao Tian’s face seven times, looking like she was just treating him with contempt, and could not bother to pay him any further regard.

She was really too proud, but she was also very alluring!

Everyone looked at the Empress, then turned to look at Bewitching Maiden Rou, and only felt that it was really hard to decide. They both had their own unique traits, but they were both extremely enticing.

“D-damn it!” Qianzhao Tian’s arms and legs had all been held back, so he could only receive these seven slaps from the Empress head-on. Furthermore, it was not a slap that was delivered from an actual hand, but rather a hand formed of Origin Power. Otherwise, he could at least comfort himself a bit that he had had skin contact with the Empress.

He wanted to fight again, but having so many people restrain him, how could he possibly succeed? He could only become furious almost to the point of throwing up blood.

After a while, he calmed down as well.

He had now experienced a loss, but Ling Han was going to experience a loss against Qianzhao Yuan too, and it was going to be an even worse loss than his!

This grudge would be vented through Ling Han.

The Empress was really so charismatic that even if Qianzhao Tian had been beaten, he could choose not to directly get his vengeance through her.

Only now did everyone release Qianzhao Tian. Then, they again began to watch the battle proceeding on the chessboard. Then, all of them released exclamations of “yi”, “ah”, and “ya” as expressions of astonishment appeared on their faces.

That was because the present situation had actually taken a drastic change—Ling Han was holding a sword, and was currently fighting fiercely with Qianzhao Yuan, not falling into the slightest disadvantage at all.

‘Impossible!’

It was naturally possible. After the Divine Demon Sword had been improved to the level of Two-Star Pseudo-Divine Metal, its battle prowess could be compared to that of Ling Han himself. This was a future Celestial Tool, so how could it not be awesome? When man and sword worked together, its might was astonishing.

However, this alone was not enough to defeat Qianzhao Yuan. Ling Han threw out all kinds of celestial techniques, six arms simultaneously casting Banishing Technique, Extermination Lightning, Darkness of the Paramount Night, Flying Dragon Shadow Hands, and Tide of the Ages, and accompanied with Lightning Flash, one man seemed to have become 1,000, bombarding Qianzhao Yuan like mad.

Even so, Qianzhao Yuan was still able to respond calmly. Several hundred million years of cultivation had definitely not gone to waste.

Was Ling Han not able to win without using Nine Heavens Flame and Xuanyin Source Water?

Ling Han pondered. He was treating the two like an ultimate technique that could be used to turn a dire situation around, and was unwilling to use them easily. After all, this was only a spar, so if he used them now, those people outside would be prepared, and if he fought with them in the future, he would definitely be unable to catch them off guard.

One could definitely not underestimate a king tier!

Then, he’d just limit it to this. In any case, his physique was tough, so he could completely fight like this until the end of time, but the moment Qianzhao Yuan had the slightest bit of carelessness, and was struck by the Divine Demon Sword just once, he would really be in for a bout of suffering.

Hong, long, long, all of a sudden, a defeaning sound rang out from outside. Everyone in the ship’s hold looked at one another, and hurriedly ran out, arriving on the ship’s deck outside.

Above them, two massive battle ships had appeared.

Their battleships were already very big, but compared with these two vessels, they immediately became juniors, and were only about one-tenth of their size, appearing incredibly unpresentable.

“Ascending Origin Tier-level battleship!”

“Four-star force!”

The faces of these young king tiers all changed as they showed an expression of shock.

Indeed, four-star forces had also arrived before for the opening of the Hidden Dragon Mystery Realm, and in fact, there had even been parties from Celestial King-level great sects and clans, but that was something that had happened a great many billion years ago. At least, the four-star force and five-star forces had not sent parties here in the recent few hundred billion years.

They had not imagined that a four-star force would arrive once more this time round.

Even though three-star forces were only inferior to four-star forces by one level, if a four-star force wanted to destroy a three-star force, they only had to send out an Ascending Origin Tier elite, or an Ascending Origin Tier-level battleship, and they would be able to accomplish the feat easily.

You might be wondering why three-star forces didn’t buy an Ascending Origin Tier-level battle ship too?

Hoho, firstly, this price was definitely not something that could be afforded by any three-star force, and secondly, even if a three-star force gained an unexpected wealth, or had saved for countless generations, finally having enough funds, the crux of the matter was that the Massive Military Pavilion was not willing to sell it to them.

Three-star forces could purchase three levels of battleships—Severing Mundane Tier, Dividing Soul Tier, and Immortal Palace Tier—but a two-star force could only buy Severing Mundane Tier and Dividing Soul Tier-level vessels. Thus, an Ascending Origin Tier-level battle ship could only be bought by four-star and five-star forces.

This was the privilege that was possessed by elites. The Massive Military Pavilion would definitely not break this balance of power.

In front of a four-star force, even if they were Holy Sons, Holy Daughters, and clan heirs, so what? They could only lower their proud heads in submission.

“I wonder whose ship it is?” Everyone raised their head to look, but there was a killing formation laid out on the battleship, and they could not stare at it directly at all—unless their cultivation level was strong enough.

The battleships stopped. There were clearly only two, but they cast a very large shadow, enshrouding all the battleships beneath them. Merely this fact was a strong enough display of their domineering attitude.

But the over one dozen battleships below did not dare to express any objection at all. If the two sides clashed, that would be like an Ascending Origin Tier elite making his move, being capable of instantly killing over a dozen Immortal Palace Tiers.

In the Celestial Realm, no, anywhere, power was everything. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Xiu, xiu. A man and woman descended from the battleship. The man was dressed in white, with lightning entwined all around his body. This was not ordinary lightning, but rather divine lightning!

A mere living being, and he was actually wrapped in divine lightning?

The Empress’s eyes immediately narrowed. This was a Divine Fetus, Natural Lightning Physique!

What was going on here? Was Divine Fetus so cheap and ordinary?

She looked towards the woman, and her eyes involuntarily narrowed again.

This woman was dressed in a tight-fitting suit of red, her long black locks were tied up in a thick braid. Her pretty face was extremely enchanting, and she could be considered not to be the slightest bit inferior to Bewitching Maiden Rou, though as she had not cultivated charm techniques like the latter, and was also a natural Charm Physique, it could be said that her level of captivation was not just a bit lower.

Even so, she could still be considered a top-grade beauty.

This was not the reason for the Empress narrowing her eyes. She was not as exquisite as herself, so how could she actually stun her with her beauty?

What she was stunned about was that this woman was ethereal and clear. Even though she was clearly standing there, she was like an ethereal bloom that existed only in fantasy, something that could not be grasped and was unattainable.

Ethereal Divine Fetus!

Another Divine Fetus, and one that was similarly incredibly rare, possessing the element of Space!