Chapter 1790: Luo Changfeng’s might

Just at this moment, the figure of another man immediately barged into her mind.

Ling Han!

Bewitching Maiden Rou couldn’t help but make a comparison between the two of them. In terms of background, that Luo Changfeng was already at the top of the world. Who could be more eye-catching than the Holy Son of a Celestial King Tier sect?

As for Ling Han? He was only a guest subject of a three-star force—and this was putting it nicely. In truth, he was just a follower. What was worth comparing?

In terms of cultivation level, it was still Luo Changfeng that was superior. He was in the third severance, while Ling Han was a second severance.

But in terms of natural talent of cultivation, Ling Han was definitely not inferior to the other! In terms of comprehension ability and inventiveness, Ling Han was completely superior, at least for the moment.

It was just a period of two hours, and he had already completely restored an amazing ancient technique, so how astonishing was that?

She had also cultivated this Flame Control Technique these few days, and though she had only gained a superficial grasp of the technique, she was already deeply stunned by this cultivation technique. It definitely surpassed any other cultivation technique that she had previously cultivated.

Which meant that it had to be Ascending Origin Tier-level at least.

Just think about it, how terrifying was Ling Han’s comprehension ability?

It was extremely possible that this guy would advance into the Ascending Origin Tier!

Becoming a Celestial King was too hard. Even if Luo Changfeng was the Holy Son of a Celestial King Tier sect, the possibility of his advancing into Celestial King Tier in future was incredibly close to zero. The highest possibility was that he would become an Ascending Origin Tier elite.

In this aspect, Ling Han was completely not inferior to Luo Changfeng in any way.

After all, the biggest deciding factor on the path of cultivation was still one’s individual strength.

Luo Changfeng swept an eye over everyone’s faces, very pleased with the look of Bewitching Maiden Rou’s gaping small mouth and bright eyes, but when his eyes passed over the Empress, he couldn’t help but pause. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

This woman actually gave him a feeling of having unfathomable depths. In fact, even his Divine Fetus was stunned for some unknown reason, just like how he felt when he saw the Bewitching Maiden Rou.

Could it be that she, too, was a Divine Fetus?

He was the Holy Son of a top-tier sect, and naturally knew that to be able to cause a tremor in his Divine Fetus, it was highly possible that the other was also a Divine Fetus. This was a resonance of Dao.

Furthermore, this woman’s figure was really too perfect. Though she was not showing her face, her bearing was excellent, causing his heart to throb wildly.

He had actually just spotted her!

Luo Changfeng withdrew his gaze, smiled calmly, and asked, “Who is next?”

Everyone exchanged looks. It appeared that no one was going to accept the challenge.

Qianzhao Tian was a third severance peak stage, and a top-grade king tier at that, but even he was no match for Luo Changfeng. Then, even if it was a fourth severance early stage, or middle stage, so what? It probably would still be very difficult for them to become a worthy opponent for him.

Thus, everyone’s eyes finally landed on three people: Beiyu Xiong, Lin Fang, and Teng Sen. They were all at the peak stage of the fourth severance, and were all king tiers. If even they were unable to oppose Luo Changfeng, then Luo Changfeng was really invincible within the Severing Mundane Tier.

Just the thought of that caused their scalps to go numb. It should be known that Luo Changfeng presently was only in the third severance, and he had furthermore just advanced into this cultivation level recently, yet he could actually be as strong as this.

“He struck the heaven and earth!” a king tier said softly, a sliver of reverence in his voice.

Striking heaven and earth!

These words were not unfamiliar at all to Fu Gaoyun, Beiyu Xiong, and the others, because they had all heard about it.

There were only a few difficult challenges on the path of cultivation.

Firstly, cultivating to the true pinnacle level of the Eternal River Tier, which meant creating 10,000,000 stars, and one could lay claim to the title of king tier advancing to the Severing Mundane Tier with this advantage. These young prodigies had all accomplished at least this challenge.

The second was a flawless severance, which could allow one to continue maintaining his talent as a king tier.

Everyone had also accomplished that.

But above a flawless severance, there was an even more superior level—advancing through striking the heaven and earth!

It was rumored that this could make a king tier a king among kings.

Everyone had made the attempt before, but they had all failed without exception. If they forcibly delivered this strike, then the only thing that would be severed would be their lives.

Yet now, a true king had appeared in front of them.

If he had not advanced to the Severing Mundane Tier by striking the heaven and earth, how could he possibly have defeated Qianzhao Tian with a single move?

Bewitching Maiden Rou’s eyes were even brighter. A supreme king tier that had struck the heaven and earth was a rare existence even in 10,000 generations.

“I will give it a try!” Beiyu Xiong stepped out. As a king tier, he naturally possessed an invincible heart. He was also aware that Luo Changfeng would definitely be more freakish than he was given that he had advanced by delivering a strike at the heaven and earth, but the issue here was that he was a fourth severance peak stage, and possessed the advantage of more than a single minor level, so was that still insufficient to compensate for the gap between two different types of the Severing Mundane Tier?

He did not believe it.

“Please provide guidance, Holy Son Changfeng,” he said very politely.

Luo Changfeng glanced at him, and said, “Then let us have our battle outside the ship.”

Previously, when he had fought with Qianzhao Tian, he had moved immediately, but now he was saying to move their spar out of the ship. This meant that Luo Changfeng was not certain that he could easily defeat Beiyu Xiong, and that was why he requested to have their fight in the air. In that way, it would not cause damage to the objects on the ship.

The main part of the battleship was not something that they could damage no matter what they did, though.

Beiyu Xiong leaped out, and stood proudly in the skies, multiple streaks of blood-colored aura rising around him. His eyes had also become blood-red, his hands forming bloody claws, with multiple symbols of great dao emerging on them.

Boom, a pair of blood-colored wings suddenly spread out behind him. They stretched out as wide as 3,000 meters, and seemed like they could hide the sky and cover the earth.

“Blood Crow Tribe?” Luo Changfeng appeared slightly surprised. He stood with his hands clasped behind his back, and after taking a few steps, he was stepping on air, as if there was an invisible staircase that was supporting him as he continued his advance forwards.

“It is rumored that when the Blood Crow is angered, blood will spread for 10,000 miles, and I would really be interested to see that.” A faint smile curled up the corners of his lips.

Beiyu Xiong roared out loudly. With a flap of his wings, shua, shua, shua, innumerable feathers immediately turned into arrows that shot towards Luo Changfeng. That scene was really stunning, and it seemed as if the only things left in this heaven and earth were these feather arrows. They could not be dodged or avoided.

Luo Changfeng did not dare be careless. He was a king among kings, and could be invincible even with a gap in cultivation level, but against this kind of opponent that was invincible among his peers like Beiyu Xiong, there was not much of a difference in the strength of either side. It would have to depend on how they were using their respective techniques.

He propped up his hands. Zi, zi, zi. Lightning bolts interwove around him, forming a sphere.

Xiu, xiu, xiu, pa, pa, pa!

The feather arrows continued to shoot over, but when they landed on the sphere that was formed from lighting, they all exploded into smithereens.

Just at this moment, the sphere suddenly exploded. Boom, everyone could feel a blazing white spread across their vision, their ears lost their hearing, and only a booming sound was left. Then, a frightening wave of power spread out towards them.

Thankfully, the battleship was protected by a formation, and it was one as high-grade as three-stars at that. It was definitely not something that could be destroyed by a battle between two Severing Mundane Tiers, so there was no need for the people on board the battleship to dodge.

Zi, the heaven and earth was completely filled with blazing white lightning, flashing and disappearing, and appeared incredibly terrifying.

Beiyu Xiong’s arms were in a parrying position, and his whole head of hair was raised on ends. It was unknown whether it was due to his soaring fighting spirit, or the fact that he had been electrocuted. Though his clothes were slightly torn, there was not a sliver of a wound on him, and he had not experienced a loss through Luo Changfeng’s counterattack.

This exchange could be considered to have ended in a tie.

Everyone was rendered speechless. He could match even a fourth severance peak stage king tier like Beiyu Xiong; Luo Changfeng was practically strong to an indescribable level!

At present, it was definite that Luo Changfeng would not be able to fight a Dividing Soul Tier, but if his cultivation level advanced further by another minor level, then there should be no major issue in him fighting a fourth severance early stage, right?

Hiss, a whole gap of two minor levels!

Hold on, this kind of person seemed to have appeared already.

Suddenly, a figure flashed through everyone’s minds.

Ling Han!