Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1793: Fire burning the backside

Naturally, Zihe Bingyun could not possibly imagine that the Water Regulations that Ling Han was using did not come from a Divine Fetus, but were rather the Xuanyin Source Water.

One of the Nine Great Source Waters of the Celestial Realm, Celestial King Tier-level!

When one reached Celestial King Tier, every living creature was equal. No Regulation was inferior or superior to the others, so what was so strange about Ling Han having managed to get hold of the Ethereal Battle Spear?

Ling Han’s eyes were cold. He had never been the type that was willing to suffer in silence. After crushing the battle spear into nothing, he immediately charged out at Zihe Bingyun. The Divine Demon Sword unleashed a divine light, and patterns of great dao appeared.

After advancing to a Pseudo-Celestial Tool, the Divine Demon Sword’s own might was finally beginning to show. This was a future Celestial Tool, and thus, like the Nine Heavens Flame and Xuanyin Source Water, possessed might above its own cultivation level.

‘Die!’

Ling Han’s black locks flew upwards, while his expression was grim, his killing intent blazing.

Looking at his appearance, no one doubted that he was determined to commit murder at this moment, and he really would kill Zihe Bingyun.

This caused everyone’s hearts to tremble, and even their scalps had gone numb.

‘What kind of person is he!’

It should be known that Zihe Bingyun was the descendant of a Celestial King Tier force, and was an heir at that, and you actually wanted to kill her? If Ling Han had really succeeded, everyone here would be in deep trouble.

Once a Celestial King was angered, the heavens would collapse, and the earth would shake in fear.

But even being completely aware of this, Ling Han still dared to brandish his sword without the slightest hesitation. Merely this courage was enough to make others feel impressed.

Bewitching Maiden Rou felt like this was the first time she had seen Ling Han. She stared at Ling Han dumbly. That kind of determination, that kind of willpower pierced into her heart like a sharp arrow. In comparison, Luo Changfeng instantly seemed negligible.

Strength was the most basic measuring standard for cultivators, but it was definitely not the only consideration. Willpower was also not something that could be missed.

It was said that the path of every Celestial King Tier to success was incredibly harsh and filled with tribulations. Without an incredibly firm willpower, how could they have possibly managed to reach the finishing line?

Ling Han being able to become a Celestial King in future was one thing, but his decisive determination, his willpower that did not allow him to submit to those in power, did at least fulfill one of the conditions for becoming a Celestial King.

Of course, even if all the conditions were fulfilled, the possibility of becoming a Celestial King would still have to depend on fate and luck. It was really that difficult.

In the eyes of Bewitching Maiden Rou, Ling Han’s figure became larger and larger, and also forced out Luo Changfeng’s image.

This did not mean that she had fallen in love with Ling Han, but if she had to make the choice of a dao partner now, then she would definitely choose Ling Han over Luo Changfeng.

The heart of a woman was really that elusive.

The Empress showed a slight smile. This kind of man made her feel proud.

“Ignorance!” Zihe Bingyun smirked coldly, and her slender hand delivered a series of strikes. Her long sword slashed out rapidly, and even the space itself had become chaotic.

She was an Ethereal Divine Fetus, and could control space. Before Celestial King Tier, this was one of the strongest Regulations there was. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Ling Han charged forwards, yet realized that his speed actually slowed down endlessly. Zihe Bingyun was clearly just 30 meters ahead of him, but he was unable to get close to her even in the time for half a breath.

On the other hand, Zihe Bingyun’s strike had caused a ripple in great dao, forming innumerable battle spears that pierced out towards him at an astonishing speed.

It was not Ling Han whose speed had become slow, nor was it that Zihe Bingyun’s attacks had become faster, but rather that she was controlling space, causing the distance Ling Han would have to rush over become endlessly long, while the attacks she shot out seemed like they were taking a shortcut.

Did she think that he did not have a grasp over the Regulations of Space?

Banishment!

Ling Han pushed out a hand, and banished all the Regulations of Space that filled the air in front of him. Shua, his figure immediately sped up, and rapidly rushed towards Zihe Bingyun, and also precisely because of this, the battle spears formed of Regulations that covered the skies missed their target.

“What?!” Zihe Bingyun showed an expression of shock. Ling Han was actually capable of using the Regulations of Space as well!

She was really dumbfounded; how could this be!

Could it be that the other party also possessed a Space Element bloodline?

No, no, no. Even if he did, that would not be enough to oppose her own Divine Fetus, unless he was also a Space Element Divine Fetus, but that was really too unbelievable. The more logical explanation was that he had refined a Space Element Celestial medicine.

“What a waste of resources!” Zihe Bingyun rebuked through gritted teeth. If she had been able to consume this kind of Celestial medicine, her grasp of the Space Regulations would definitely improve further, and she would also develop more power from her Divine Fetus.

Furthermore, other Celestial medicines could still be cultivated, but Space Element Celestial medicines were completely impossible to cultivate.

That was because this kind of Celestial medicine grew in the cracks of space. Otherwise, they could not possibly absorb Space Regulations, so they could only be discovered, and not sought.

...The heavens were just. In a battle of equals, those that had a grasp of Space Element secret techniques would have stronger battle prowess, but to improve their cultivation level, the difficulty was also far higher than others.

This kind of Celestial medicine was completely wasted when refined by one whose main focus of cultivation was not Space Regulations, causing her heart to ache and fury to rise.

“You actually dare waste a Celestial medicine, I will kill you!” she roared in fury.

Ling Han humphed coldly. “Is there something wrong with your brain? What business is it of yours whether I waste Celestial medicines or not? Furthermore, don’t you think you have too high an opinion of yourself? For me, it is a waste, and for you, it is not?”

The two of them fought fiercely. They were both a king among kings. One had a higher cultivation level, but the other had a freakish physique. Even if Zihe Bingyun was the heiress of a Celestial King Tier force, she actually did not have a better plan against Ling Han.

Ling Han had also become seriously angry as the battle progressed. Using Flame Control Technique, boom, the Nine Heavens Flame became a fiery arrow that shot out quickly at an extraordinarily fast speed.

The Nine Heavens Flame was one of the ancestral flames of the heaven and earth, reaching Celestial King Tier-level. Being boosted with Ling Han’s Flame Control Technique that was similarly Celestial King Tier-level now, just how powerful was it?

At first, Zihe Bingyun did not take it seriously. She only knew that Ling Han possessed astonishing accomplishment in terms of Water Regulations, but one’s energy was limited. How could he possibly spend great effort to study every single Regulation?

Thus, she thought that this blow from Ling Han was extremely ordinary.

She still waved her sword in a slash towards Ling Han, though her right hand lowered, striking out towards the fiery arrow. She wanted to extinguish this mere spark of fire, but when her palm strike landed, only then did she realize the danger she was in.

But it was too late.

Boom, the Nine Heavens Flame exploded, turning into a furious blaze that threatened to overwhelm the heavens.

Zihe Bingyun released a cry of both fury and shock. The power of Space trembled wildly. Xiu, a wrinkle appeared in a distant area, and then a woman leaped out. Who could it be but Zihe Bingyun?

As expected of a Divine Fetus and the heiress of a Celestial King Tier force, she managed to escape even under such circumstances!

However...

Everyone’s eyes were focused on Zihe Bingyun, and they could see that a part of the clothing covering her behind had been burnt to nothing, revealing one side of her delicate, fair bottom.

So white ****** so fragrant!

This was the heiress of a Celestial King Tier force; under normal circumstances, who would have been able to catch a glimpse of her backside?

Thus, while knowing clearly this was improper, everyone was still unable to remove their eyes. Even Luo Changfeng was no exception.

Zihe Bingyun was dazed at first. Then, her pretty face turned blood-red. She hurriedly drew out a cape, which she then tied at her waist, covering her bottom. Then, her eyes shooting fire, she glared at Ling Han furiously.

Multiple symbols of great dao appeared on her forehead and cheeks, her whole person exuding an ethereal aura. She was going to fully draw on the power of her Divine Fetus.

If she did not kill Ling Han, she would die!