Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1809: The Battle Beasts show their might

“Consider yourself lucky!” Qianzhao Yang waved a hand, planning to just walk away.

Making a move on Ling Han was because he wished to ask for credit from Zihe Bingyun.

...By now, who did not know that Ling Han had greatly offended Zihe Bingyun? However, aside from the eye-witnesses that day, different versions of the story were being circulated from the mouths of others.

For example, Ling Han harrassed Zihe Bingyun, or that Ling Han had uttered crude words to Zihe Bingyun in public. Some had even said that Ling Han had shown ‘something indecent’ to Zihe Bingyun. In short, whoever killing Ling Han would definitely be able to ask for credit from Zihe Bingyun.

With Qianzhao Yang’s status, he did not take this little bit of merit to heart. What was more important was that he could form a connection with a Celestial King Tier force through this matter.

Furthermore, what if Zihe Bingyun fell in love with him?

This was not impossible; what was so bad about him, Qianzhao Yang? At the very least, he was a Holy Son too. While he was not equal to Luo Changfeng, that was because their overall level was different, leading to a difference in the resources they could access, and not because his own natural talent at cultivation was weak.

Thus, the moment he spotted Ling Han, he could not help commanding his subordinate to launch a sudden attack on him.

...He still wanted some face. As a Holy Son, how could he possibly personally launch a sneak attack on a target that was weaker than himself?

But he had not imagined that not only would his subordinate be killed, he had even lost a precious sword formation. In fact, he had even played his trump card, but it was still unable to suppress Ling Han. This made him feel extremely despondent, and he had lost all fighting spirit.

What was the point of continuing the fight? He had best obediently look for other fated opportunities.

Ling Han couldn’t help but smirk coldly. ‘You think you can still escape?’

He opened his mouth, and menacingly asked, “You want to leave? Have you asked for my permission?” Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

“Haha!” Qianzhao Yang faltered for a moment, and then broke into laughter in great disdain. “I, Qianzhao Yang, wish to leave, and don’t tell me that you will be able to stop me?”

“I’m not interested in stopping you. I only wish to send you on your way,” Ling Han stated calmly.

“Impudence!” Qianzhao Yang rebuked coldly. Who was he?

One of the heirs of the Qianzhao Clan! And Ling Han? Some unknown character!

In the Celestial Realm, while natural talent was important, without a noble background, you were still nothing. Otherwise, why would he be so much inferior compared to Luo Changfeng?

Ling Han’s killing intent blazed. He was going to use Qianzhao Yang as an example, letting everyone know what kind of price they would have to prepare themselves to pay if they were to make a move on him. Though he was unafraid of strong enemies, he also disliked being ambushed constantly by others.

“Killing you is like killing a chicken!” he declared calmly.

It did not mean that killing Qianzhao Yang was easy, but rather that in Ling Han’s eyes, this was merely a cat or dog that he would not think overly much about even if he killed it. He would not even bother remembering his name.

Qianzhao Yang’s body trembled in his overwhelming fury, and he felt that Ling Han was really too arrogant.

Though he could not kill Ling Han, would Ling Han be able to kill him?

And he said that it was like killing a chicken, ptui!

“I will not lower myself to your level!” Qianzhao Yang decided to ignore Ling Han completely. Once he had left the Hidden Dragon Mystery Realm, he would go and break through to the Dividing Soul Tier, and once he had advanced into the Dividing Soul Tier, then no matter how freakish Ling Han was, he really would only be like a chicken that was grown for slaughter in front of a Dividing Soul Tier elite.

Thus, there was no need to be in a rush now. Moreover, there weren’t any existing grudges between himself and Ling Han, right? There was no need for him to waste time on fighting the latter to death here.

“That will not be up to you to decide!” Ling Han charged out, and using the Ten Beasts Technique, multiple Battle Beasts of fire appeared, their roars resounding like thunder.

At present, he could only use the Ten Beasts Technique perfectly in this Mystery Realm. Since that was the case, he naturally had to make good use of the opportunity. Otherwise, after he left, he could only throw out two and a half Battle Beasts, and their battle prowess would be far weaker.

The 10 Battle Beasts appeared. This was battle prowess that would practically drive one to despair.

In this Mystery Realm, Severing Mundane Tier was king.

Ten Battle Beasts that were at fourth severance peak stage, and were king tiers at that, unafraid of death or injury. Who would not be afraid when they saw such a lineup? Even a king among kings like Luo Changfeng and Zihe Bingyun would have to advance into the fourth severance to be able to suppress them, and if they faced this lineup right now, they definitely would have to flee.

Qianzhao Yang roared in fury, but being ganged up on by 10 Battle Beasts, he could only bear the barrage with much difficulty.

All around them, surprised exclamations sounded.

T-t-t-this... Qianzhao Yang was the heir of the Qianzhao Clan, and a king tier at fourth severance peak stage at that.

But now?

He was actually being oppressed by 10 Battle Beasts!

It should be known that this was only a secret technique that Ling Han had used. He himself had not made a move yet.

Gods, just what kind of monster was this young man?

No wonder he was still alive and kicking even after having offended Zihe Bingyun. There was really no one else that had this strength.

It was inevitable that some people would begin to make their guesses. Could it be that Ling Han had really harrassed Zihe Bingyun? Otherwise, why didn’t she recruit this kind of prodigy into the clan to be carefully nurtured?

In the future, this might be yet another Celestial King!

Qianzhao Yang was extremely tragic. Who asked him to have encountered Ling Han in this Mystery Realm? Even if his true strength was superior to Ling Han, he was still completely helpless now. In fact, whether he would be able to even keep his life was a question.

Those in the area were anxious internally. Some were even marveling at their luck in secret. Thankfully, they had not moved yet, otherwise... they would be in deep trouble!

A man that could offend a Celestial King Tier clan and still be alive; was he someone that “minor characters” like them could deal with?

They had best leave the matter to be resolved by Zihe Bingyun herself. This was not a good way to gain her favor. If they tried, they would only land themselves in disaster, with no hope of reprieve.

Of course, there were still others that thought that they were stronger than Qianzhao Yang, and had more powerful trump cards, and did not think that killing Ling Han was an impossible feat.

“Ling Han, do not be an intolerable bully!” Qianzhao Yang was already in a precarious situation. These 10 Battle Beasts were really too fierce, forcing him into dire straits, and what was more damnable about this was that there was nothing that he could do about it.

Could it be that he really had to kill himself in a suicide tactic along with one of these Battle Beasts?

Then, he would definitely be nailed on the pillar of shame in future... as the world’s greatest idiot.

“Bully your sister, I’m killing you!” Ling Han declared angrily. Only you were allowed to make a move on me, and not the other way around? What kind of logic was that?

Qianzhao Yang showed a cruel expression. If he fought the 10 Battle Beasts to death, his only end would be dying with grievance. Thus, he had to take a gamble.

If he killed Ling Han, the danger would naturally be resolved.

As the heir of a three-star clan, he naturally did not lack decisiveness. His decision made, he immediately released a battle cry, and charged towards Ling Han.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

The 10 beasts were still ganging up on him, and forcefully blocked him from advancing further.

Every Battle Beast had strength that was not inferior to his, and what kind of concept was having 10 of them joining forces against him? Qianzhao Yang was not even qualified to break out of the siege.

He roared in fury, and suddenly spat out a mouthful of blood. His vitality soared, and his battle prowess actually increased greatly.

This was him burning his life force, gaining a temporary increase in battle prowess, but the time he could maintain this increased battle prowess was pitifully short.

Peng, he broke out of the siege, and charged towards Ling Han.

The 10 Battle Beasts all launched their offensive, but Qianzhao Yang did not even bother to parry their blows. Otherwise, if he was detained, he would once again become the focus of their siege. Even life force could not possibly be burnt with just a thought. If he could use a powerful move that would put his life on the line continuously, would it still be considered putting his life on the line?

Pu!

Qianzhao Yang threw up blood consecutively, but his figure was still continuously speeding up, pouncing right at Ling Han. He was holding a breath, determined to kill Ling Han.

As long as he killed Ling Han, he would be able to resolve this deadly situation.