Chapter 1810: A test of Dao Heart

Qianzhao Yang pounced, using what power he had left to unleash his final attack towards Ling Han.

This was really his final strike. He had expended too much strength in breaking out of the siege of the 10 Battle Beasts, and had also sustained severe injuries. This was also the last strike that put his life on the line. If it did not succeed... he would die.

The final attack consisting of all the hope for survival from the heir of a three-star force was definitely nothing that could be underestimated.

Ling Han was unafraid. ‘You are already at the end of your line, so would I still be afraid of you?’

He pressed down a palm, and grabbed out at Qianzhao Yang.

Peng!

Qianzhao Yang’s strike arrived, and Ling Han used two celestial techniques at the same time. Tide of the Ages continuously corroded Qianzhao Yang’s attack. This was the world’s strongest Regulation before Celestial King Tier. Otherwise, it would not have been coveted by the Ding Clan.

But because of his cultivation level, it could not completely disperse Qianzhao Yang’s attack. However, Ling Han used the Banishing Technique again, and the remaining force would not be able to take effect at all.

Ling Han grabbed out with one hand, which just happened to be grabbing Qianzhao Yang’s neck. He held him up like he was holding up a chicken.

It was really too pitiful for Qianzhao Yang. Though he was acclaimed as the heir of a three-star force, because his present injuries were too severe, he did not even have the power to counter. His limbs drooped down weakly as Ling Han held him up by the neck.

This strike had not succeeded and he would really be dead.

“Ling Han, enough!” A cold humph sounded. Qianzhao Tian stepped out.

A cold smirk curled up the corners of his lips, while his heart was practically rejoicing in delight.

Why was this?

Qianzhao Yang was his competitor, and now he had been defeated publicly by Ling Han like this. Furthermore, he had been utterly humiliated at that. Bringing such a stain on his name, would this guy still be able to bring himself to sit on the position of heir?

Even if Qianzhao Yang cared nothing for his face, and was still unwilling to let go of his status as heir, he would make a report on his side, and no matter what, he was determined to shove Qianzhao Yang off the position of heir.

But to just watch as Qianzhao Yang was killed by Ling Han?

That could not be allowed to happen. By then, the clan would punish him as well, wouldn’t they? Watching indifferently as his clansman was humiliated and killed, you did not even say a word. How could this kind of person be allowed to sit in the position of clan leader? Could he be expected to protect the benefits of the clan?

Thus, now that he had watched enough of the show, Qianzhao Tian finally spoke up.

Ling Han ignored him. To say nothing of Qianzhao Tian, even Fu Gaoyun could not possibly command him. It would have to depend on his present mood. If he was happy, he would give him some face. But if he was not? Who cared about you.

Crack!

Ling Han twisted his hand, and Qianzhao Yang’s neck was forcefully broken. The Regulations formed by the Nine Heavens Flame rushed into Qianzhao Yang’s mind, instantly eliminating the latter’s spirit. From this day onwards, Qianzhao Yang would no longer exist in this world.

“You!!” Qianzhao Tian flew into a thunderous fury. He had not expected that Ling Han would really dare to kill the heir of a three-star clan.

This guy knew that he had already offended a Celestial King Tier force, and now had completely lost all reservations and wariness.

Ling Han looked at him coldly, and said, “What is it? Not satisfied? If you are, then come over. I will teach you how the word ‘satisfied’ is written!”

Though Qianzhao Tian’s eyes were almost popping out in fury, he did not dare to talk back.

Ling Han had killed even Qianzhao Yang, so what was he worth?

Strange; previously, this guy clearly did not possess such powerful strength. Furthermore, he had not seen that he had broken through to another cultivation level either, so why had he suddenly become as powerful as this?

Lin Fang, Teng Sen, and the others had all just arrived. Seeing how Ling Han behaved so domineeringly, and how Qianzhao Tian seemed like such a weak bottom, they all clicked their tongues in amazement. Who would have thought that a follower of the Fu Clan would be able to force Qianzhao Tian to forget all his temper?

They had also thought of killing Ling Han before, but at this moment, every single one of them dismissed this kind of idea.

At the very least, Ling Han could not be trifled with in this Mystery Realm.

Ling Han slanted a sideways glance at these people, and headed towards the summit, hand in hand with the Empress. After two consecutive battles and killing two people, his domineering aura was already embedded in their hearts. Who would dare become his enemy?

Some people were secretly thinking, ‘You can just show off as much as possible now, but once we leave the Mystery Realm, you will expose your true face.’

A mere Severing Mundane Tier without any kind of noble background, and he still dared act arrogantly?

Ling Han and the Empress arrived at the summit, and saw that there was a grand, majestic palace that greeted their sight. It was as black as ink on the outside, with multiple images of dragons inscribed on the outer walls, but it did not give off a solemn and respectful vibe, but rather seemed incredibly evil.

In some myths, black dragons represented evil, and were a symbol of destruction.

“Ascending Dragon Palace.”

Above the great doors of the palace, the words shone brilliantly, and also possessed a prideful air that could suppress all eternity, leaping on the paper[1].

The palace doors were wide open, but not a single person was inside.

Going by logic, Ling Han and the Empress could not possibly be the first batch of people that had come here, so what happened to those who had been here before them?

The two of them exchanged a look, and stepped into the doorway.

They only felt a completely irresistible force rush towards them, and had no choice but to let go of the hand that they held. Then, with a tremble of their figures, they each entered into a closed up stone chamber respectively.

This seemed to be absolutely normal. This clearly was a test.

Ling Han had already made his mental preparations. He guessed that something like a stone figure or iron figure would probably appear, and he would have to fight it. If he won, then he would pass the test.

Couldn’t they do something new?

And just when he was mocking this cliche internally, three streaks of shadowy light fused, and then took the form of a human figure. His features were not distinguishable. In any case, he looked human, and he was as tall as three meters and more, appearing extremely slender and tall. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

This figure opened his mouth, and, as if they were just having a casual chat, asked, “Young man, why do you cultivate?”

Ling Han gave an ah. This was a little unexpected.

He had already prepared himself for a fierce battle; he had not expected such a turn in events.

‘Why do I cultivate?’

Ling Han pondered for a moment, and then replied, “To possess greater strength so I can choose my own path, so I can protect the people around me, and so that I can live with a backbone.”

“This answer conforms with social norms,” the shadowy light figure gave his assessment. “It is one thing to say it, but is your Dao Heart really steady enough to be able to keep to the solitude of cultivation?”

Ling Han nodded.

“Then, I will test your Dao Heart. Next, you cannot make a sound. If you do, it means you have failed,” the shadowy light figure said. Then, he pointed a finger at Ling Han.

Weng, Ling Han only felt a sudden darkness descend on his surroundings.

He had lost all his senses. He could not see, hear, or feel anything at all.

This was an extremely frightening experience. Living was not much different from being dead.

Fortunately, Ling Han had not just had this kind of experience once. He attempted to ignite the Nine Heavens Flame, but he shockingly uncovered that he had lost his connection with the Nine Heavens Flame.

Could it be that his divine sense had been deceived?

Otherwise, there was no way he would not be able to sense the Nine Heavens Flame. This was the power of his life force.

If his divine sense had been deceived, then time would have lost all meaning. One moment could possibly be incredibly long.

This was a test of his Dao Heart. Would you be able to handle the solitude?

Ling Han was silent, and slowly experienced that in this kind of endless coldness where he had lost all his five senses.

He suddenly realized that comprehending Dao in such circumstances was actually a considerably good experience. The prerequisite, of course, was that he would not be driven crazy by this kind of feeling that was like death.

With a firm Dao Heart, he would be able to face everything directly.

[1] I think this should be a plaque, seeing as paper would be quite flimsy, and usually not the kind of material to use for signboards.