Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1814: Getting close

Luo Changfeng was gaping with shock, and felt his head ache in a way that could not be described.

This Peach Blossom Sealing Heavens Set, how had you guys f****** managed to make your way out?

He had the map that had been passed down by a Celestial King, and could trace the clues, but even so, he had still spent some time, but you guys actually walked around randomly, and still arrived earlier than he had?

What justice was there left in this world?

You guys were even more awesome than a Celestial King?

If one or two of them had made their way here, that possibly could still be considered luck or a coincidence, but now there were at least a dozen people, so could it still be considered coincidence? Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Luo Changfeng gaped widely, and felt a bout of dizziness come over him, almost collapsing onto the ground.

Shua, the peach blossoms moved, and an exquisite figure appeared.

That was Zihe Bingyun. Her expression was no better than Luo Changfeng’s. At first, she had been certain and confident in herself, but now her expression had become incredibly colorful. Her little cherry mouth was gaping widely as she looked on in shock.

‘What’s going on? What in the world is going on!?’

Bewitching Maiden Rou, Beiyu Xiong, and the others were all discussing spiritedly. This was definitely no ordinary place. A wide open place, and there was only an old peach tree; added with how the shadowy figure had mentioned that there was a great fortune hidden here, everyone had naturally set their hearts on it.

Where was the great opportunity?

Was it this peach tree?

Luo Changfeng calmed his emotions. Thankfully, the Heavenly Dao Jade had not been taken yet, so there was no need to worry. He strode forwards, his domineering aura on full display, causing those people in front of him to involuntarily move out of the way to let him through.

Initially, he had just advanced into the third severance, but he had previously gained a great improvement, and had now reached the third severance peak stage. Though he had not broken through to the fourth severance, with his natural talent as a king among kings, he could even defeat a king tier at fourth severance peak stage.

In this place, he was invincible!

Aside from Zihe Bingyun, who would dare compete with him?

There had to be a reason why the two great Celestial Kings had only sent the two of them. It could be for no other reason than for them to compete with each other. As for the others? They were only their background.

Now that he had reached this place, Ling Han was also a little stumped because he had completely no idea where the supposed great opportunity was.

Seeing Luo Changfeng walk over, a thought streaked through Ling Han’s heart, and he stepped back a little.

The former was the Holy Son of a Celestial King Tier sect, and three Celestial Kings had fought ferociously in the Hidden Dragon Mystery Realm before, competing over the Divine Metal. Perhaps he had been briefed by the Celestial King, and knew how the great opportunity should be obtained.

Since Ling Han did not know, he would let the other party do the work.

When Luo Changfeng saw this, a cold smirk involuntarily spread across his features.

He only thought that Ling Han was intimidated by his aura. This, in his eyes, was absolutely normal. How could a mere king tier be any match for a king among kings?

He was an emperor tier!

On the other side, Zihe Bingyun was also walking delicately over, her bearing captivating.

But Beiyu Xiong, Qianzhao Tian, and the others all involuntarily focused on her behind, an image appearing in their minds. En, so fair*****, so rounded.

Zihe Bingyun flew into a thunderous rage, and when her eyes passed over Ling Han, her slender hand involuntarily trembled, and a powerful killing intent rose up in her.

However, the Heavenly Dao Jade was too important. It involved the question of whether she would be able to make a mark in history, and become the only emperor tier that had attained fifth severance in history!

Thus, everything else would have to be set aside for now, and taking the Heavenly Dao Jade was her top priority.

She did not interfere, and allowed Luo Changfeng to do what he would. In any case, it was still quite far from the time to take hold of the Heavenly Dao Jade now.

Luo Changfeng mustered his full concentration. He was sure that no one would dare disturb him at this moment.

Soon, eerie light shone from that hollow in the old peach tree, and stone steps actually appeared. Furthermore, they were not going down, but rather heading upwards into the skies.

But when one looked after taking a few steps back, there was clearly no sign of any stone steps in the skies.

This was the technique of a Celestial King. If Severing Mundane Tiers like them could decipher it, then shouldn’t the Celestial King find a piece of tofu and kill themselves?

Luo Changfeng broke into a grin. This was actually a restriction. If one were to unravel it normally, it would take tens of thousands of years at least, but he had been taught by the Celestial King, so this was no big deal for him.

HIs eyes swept over, slightly proud, but when he saw the Empress, his breath involuntarily stopped.

Th-th-this, how could there be such an exquisite beauty?

Zihe Bingyun rushed over, her expression cold as ice as she icily rebuked, “Scram!”

She did not make a move. Even if she had reached the third severance peak stage, she still did not have the confidence that she could kill Ling Han quickly, and the Heavenly Dao Jade was really too important. She definitely did not wish to waste the slightest bit of time.

She was the first to jump into that hollow, and walked on that staircase upwards.

“Her behind is a little too big, affecting esthetics.” Behind her, Ling Han’s judgement rang out, causing her to almost stumble and fall.

‘Tolerate!’

Zihe Bingyun gripped the hilt of her sword. She swore that she would definitely kill Ling Han as soon as she gained the Heavenly Dao Jade.

This time, she was prepared, and had brought a very deadly weapon with her. There was definitely no one that could match it in the Severing Mundane Tier. Only someone like Luo Changfeng, who similarly had the technique of a Celestial King, could become her only powerful rival.

Only now did Luo Changfeng regain his senses. Though the Empress was so beautiful that his heart throbbed strongly, and he was determined to marry her, he still decisively chose his grand ambition of becoming an emperor tier over a beautiful woman.

He gritted his teeth, and entered into the tree hollow.

...There was only a single Heavenly Dao Jade, and if his movements were too slow, it would be gone. Though there was also only one Empress, she would not fly away.

Ling Han gripped the Empress’s hand, and followed behind them into the tree hollow. Behind them, Bewitching Maiden Rou, Qianzhao Tian, Teng Sen, and the others all entered. All of them added together totaled 14 people.

The steps in the tree hollow led up. At the beginning, it was still dark all around them, but very soon it became a white space. Far in the skies, there was a mountain enshrouded in mist, just like a celestial domain.

Zihe Bingyun took the lead, and Luo Changfeng followed closely behind. Ling Han and the Empress also used their movement techniques, and it was as if they were flying. Behind them, the others had all lined up into a long file.

Not long after, the steps had ended, and they had arrived at that mountain.

This mountain was very strange. Its base was unknown because it did not extend all the way downwards, and there were clouds rolling all around, which blocked visibility, and one could not see its clear outline.

At this time, both Luo Changfeng and Zihe Bingyun stopped. They had only heard the bare details from the Celestial Kings. This was the place that contained the Heavenly Dao Jade, but as for where the Heavenly Dao Jade was exactly, they actually did not know, either.

Now that they had reached this place, they were at the same starting line as all the others.

“What exactly is the great opportunity?” Lin Fang asked. She was also a great beauty, but Bewitching Maiden Rou, Zihe Bingyun, and the exquisitely beautiful Empress were here, so she did not stand out in the slightest.

Everyone shook their heads. They were all extraordinarily talented, and had agile reflexes, so they did not step into the trap, and managed to make their way here. The shadowy figure had said that there was a great opportunity here, so everyone’s heart was naturally tempted, but what exactly was this thing?

Ling Han was also very curious. At first, he had thought that Luo Changfeng and Zihe Bingyun had really just come upon this place by accident, but when he saw how the two of them were walking around with a sense of familiarity, he had another guess.

...They had come for the sake of this great opportunity.

If it was something that could make the Holy Son and heiress of two Celestial King Tier forces rush over, the value of this great opportunity had to exceed all imagination!

“Yi, could it be the Heavenly Dao Jade?” Small Tower suddenly spoke up.