Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1823: Success

This Celestial medicine’s intelligence was really not low. It knew how to make use of its advantages. It was practically undetectable underground, and took advantage of the opening when Ling Han’s emotions were the most turbulent to suddenly attack. It could be claimed that its timing was extremely spot on.

And true enough, it had swallowed Ling Han in a single gulp.

It was confident in its extraordinariness. Swallow was the second ability that it had developed, and allowed it to refine everything.

Now that he had entered into its mouth, it meant that everything was over.

It lazily cradled a carrot, and carelessly chewed on it, and did not even look at the Empress and Bewitching Maiden Rou directly.

Bewitching Maiden Rou was astonished. What kind of thing was this rabbit? Its plump white body was very cute, but it actually had a hideous wolf’s head, and had actually swallowed Ling Han in a single mouthful. That tiny body was actually capable of accommodating Ling Han’s size?

After being stunned for a moment, she immediately charged to attack the rabbit, and demanded, “Hand him over!”

Ling Han had saved her life, and this was a great favor.

The Empress was also in a thunderous fury. She was not worried that Ling Han was in life-threatening danger, but this Celestial medicine actually dared to swallow her husband. This was really too outrageously bold! She immediately formed her nine doppelgangers, and they attacked the Celestial medicine madly.

The rabbit broke into a run. It still had the Regulations of Lightning, so its speed was extremely fast. Even if the Empress used Lightning Flash, she could only stare in stupefaction from behind.

However, it only ran a short way, and then its paws suddenly paused. The wolf’s head opened up, showing an expression of pain.

A bump suddenly appeared on its stomach, as if someone had punched it from the inside. Furthermore, this shape was clearly the shape of a fist, and the hit was so hard that the rabbit hopped a little forwards.

The Empress and Bewitching Maiden Rou caught up with it, and a round of mad blows instantly rained down on it.

Merely in terms of battle prowess, Celestial medicines were actually very weak. They only possessed some strange Mystical Powers, such as hiding underground or running very fast. But this Celestial medicine was an exception. It had mutated and possessed the ability of swallowing.

But this did not mean that its battle prowess was strong. Aside from biting, it really couldn’t do much of anything else.

Aching from being pummeled by the Empress and Bewitching Maiden Rou, it suddenly exploded in fury, and opened its wolf’s head wide again, biting at the two women. However, its mouth had just opened when a gigantic fist waved out of its mouth. Then, the fist turned around, and landed heavily on its face.

Peng, the rabbit was immediately sent flying from the harsh impact.

Peng, peng, peng, peng. Without waiting for it to land on the ground, innumerable fists appeared on its body, and they had all been shot out from its inside. In fact, there was even Sword Qi dancing, causing great damage to it.

...The worst thing that it could have done was swallow Ling Han. He was a man that had two Source Powers, as well as a top-tier precious treasure like the Black Tower. Was he anyone that it could swallow?

It could only suffer the consequences of its own actions!

Peng, the rabbit’s chest was torn open forcefully from the blows, and a figure shot out. It was Ling Han. The moment he appeared, he stretched out a hand to snatch the carrot that the rabbit had in its paws. That was the main body of the Celestial medicine, and this wolf-headed rabbit was only formed from its leaves and stalks at most.

The rabbit struggled with all its might, yet could not struggle free no matter how hard it tried. It frantically twisted its wolf’s head in its panic, wanting to bite Ling Han.

“Humph!” Ling Han used Source Power, and under the suppression from the two great Celestial King Tier-level powers of Regulation, that Celestial medicine immediately became obedient.

“Kill it!” Seven Lives Divine Clouds jumped out. Its behind had almost been devoured by this Celestial medicine, and now that they had captured the “culprit”, it naturally had to come out and watch it get its punishment to vent out its fury.

“No, no, no. It’s not enough to just kill it. Bite its bottom, bite it to death!” The Celestial medicine was stomping around in fury. It had never experienced such great suffering before this.

The Celestial medicine with a rabbit’s body was extremely violent. Though it had been suppressed, it was still determinedly opening its mouth. Furthermore, its eyes were set on the Seven Lives Divine Clouds. If it were not for this Celestial medicine, it would not have taken the risk.

In its consciousness, swallowing other Celestial medicines could stimulate its evolution.

Longing was powerful. This was written in the blood of every single living creature.

Ling Han looked towards the Empress, and said, “I want to enter into seclusion and attempt the third severance.”

The Empress nodded, and said, “All right!”

She knew that Ling Han was seriously angry now, and vowed to kill Zihe Bingyun. She naturally was fully supportive of this action.

With a flash, Ling Han had entered into the Black Tower.

Underneath the Reincarnation Tree, he began to refine the Celestial medicine with a rabbit’s body.

This Celestial medicine had mutated, and it could not be treated like a pure Celestial medicine, but had rather stepped on the path of cultivation. However, its path of cultivation was unlike that of human cultivators. Instead, its growth was dependent on swallowing its own kind.

It did not cultivate Origin Power, and merely depended on Regulations.

Thus, it could not possibly supply any accumulation of Origin Power, but only provide the comprehension of Regulations, and this was also what Ling Han presently needed the most.

The Celestial medicine with a rabbit’s body struggled. From a certain aspect, it was a cultivator, so it was naturally unwilling to be refined by others. But who asked it to have been greedy? It actually took the initiative to make a move on Ling Han, and the result was that it had delivered itself up to its death. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

With its violent nature, Ling Han would not have the slightest bit of mercy. It was unlike the Seven Lives Divine Clouds, which he would rather not consume, and would rear it inside the Black Tower so that he could harvest a little bit of celestial fluid every millennium.

This was also the way of doing things of most factions. That was because it was too time-consuming to nurture a Celestial medicine right from the very beginning. Though consuming a little bit of herbal essence was inferior to directly consuming the entire Celestial medicine in effect, the advantage was that a thin stream would flow forever.

All the forces with vision would do this.

Under Ling Han’s refining, the Celestial medicine with a rabbit’s body finally showed its true appearance. That was a ginseng, but the body of the ginseng was covered with frightening symbols, causing wariness to sprout in the heart of anyone who set eyes upon it.

This was a mutated, or rather a demonized Celestial medicine!

Ling Han did not consume it. Instead, he directly extracted the essence from within. Multiple Regulations surged out, interweaving and creating a resonance with him.

He was more focused on cultivating the Regulations of Fire and Water. If this Celestial medicine was of either of these two elements, Ling Han would definitely benefit more, and it would be faster when he refined it because he had the Source Power as foundation.

But now, though it was not ideal enough, Celestial medicine was connected with the heaven and earth, so even if the Regulations did not match, that was fine. It could still open the doors of Heavenly Dao for him so that he could communicate with the Dao of Heaven and Earth.

This was the advantage of Celestial medicines.

Around Ling Han, multiple Regulations solidified, turning into strange symbols, and forming a nest that sealed Ling Han within its many layers. Very soon, he could no longer be seen, and as time passed, this nest also became solid, turning into a massive egg of light, with light of great dao rippling around it.

Three days later, ka, ka, ka, multiple fine cracks appeared on the egg of light, and became increasingly closer and closer to each other. They covered the whole egg, and then with a pa, it shattered, and Ling Han was seen standing proudly there.

However, his present situation was a little... how should it be described? Not only had all his clothes disappeared, even his hair, eyebrows, and so on had disappeared without a trace, and his whole body was sticky.

His clothes and hair had melted when he had been resisting the Celestial medicine’s swallowing Regulations. However, his physique was really too tough, so even the swallowing Regulations could do nothing to him.

Beneath Celestial King Tier, the Regulations outside the five elements were all too strong.

Ling Han wiped himself carelessly, and the sticky fluid on his body was instantly rinsed off by clean water. He drew out some clothes, which he put on, but his hair and brows were not something that could be regrown in a short while.

That was because this was no ordinary injury, but damage caused by Regulations.

He was confident that he could deliver the third severance now!