Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1830: Exposed again

To actually speak these words, putting aside the fact that Luo Changfeng felt his face burn, Ling Han was also slightly shocked.

F***, was this guy really a Holy Son? He was too shameless, wasn’t he?

There were some things that could be done, and some things that could not.

No one was willing to die, and Ling Han could understand that. He, too, feared death, but if it was for the sake of protecting his lovers and family, he would step out without the slightest hesitation. If it was for the sake of guarding his pride, he would also rather die than kneel.

This was called having a backbone.

As a Holy Son, and a Holy Son of a Celestial King Tier sect at that, Luo Changfeng could actually prostrate himself to such an extent? Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

This was the epitome of shamelessness!

“You make me disgusted!” Ling Han said. He sent out a palm strike. Luo Changfeng had already entered his scope of attack.

Banish!

Luo Changfeng’s face was burning red, yet he was indifferent internally. As a mighty emperor tier, a rare Divine Fetus that would only appear once in millions and millions of years, how could he die in a tiny Mystery Realm?

He had boundless prospects in his future, and the destination of his journey was the stars and universe— f***!

His vision darkened, and he had already entered into a separate dimension.

Luo Changfeng didn’t know what had happened, and naturally paled in shock. He hurriedly unleashed his full power, and began a mad barrage of attacks.

Originally, this separate dimension could be maintained for about a breath’s time, but under his furious blasting, it immediately shattered. Luo Changfeng charged out, and then saw an iron fist descending onto his face.

This little bit of time was enough for Ling Han to catch up to him.

Luo Changfeng was astonished, and hurriedly stretched out a fist to parry this blow. Peng, as the fist landed, his whole person was instantly sent into a drastic retreat. After his arm guards had been overused, his battle prowess had also fallen to rock bottom, and he was no longer able to match Ling Han.

Ling Han did not let him off now that he was at the advantage, and shot out another punch.

Peng, Luo Changfeng was again sent backwards, and this time he had even flown through the air.

Ling Han used Lightning Flash to catch up to him. At present, this was the improved version of Lightning Flash. In an instant, he had caught up to Luo Changfeng, and then his fists showered down like rain.

Peng, peng, peng, peng. The hard fists landed madly, and Luo Changfeng could only endure the barrage. Under the onslaught, his limbs were spread apart, and his whole body was trembling madly. He threw up blood like mad, and his chest very soon caved in under Ling Han’s blows. And then, his chest was punched through from the force. Blood spurted out, and his bones and organs were visible.

Ling Han was unmoved, and when he sent out another punch, he had already condensed the Nine Heavens Flame. Once this blow landed, Luo Changfeng would die without a doubt.

By this time, Luo Changfeng had finally lost all hope and given up. He knew that it was impossible that Ling Han would spare him. His eyes suddenly bulged, and he released his final exclamation as he roared, “Then let us die together!”

HIs eyes were crying tears of blood, but they were immediately turned into ash by the lightning that was bursting out of his body. HIs whole figure had become blazing white. He had lost his physical body, and instead turned into a ball formed completely of lightning.

Natural Lightning Physique, Divine Fetus, was actually formed by a section of Celestial King Tier Regulations. And now, with his life as price, he had detonated thuis portion of Celestial King Tier Regulations.

It was enough to kill any Severing Mundane Tier.

Luo Changfeng’s face bore a twisted grin. If that was how it was, then he would just bring some company on his way to the underworld.

“Very foolish and naive.” Ling Han shook his head. Didn’t he see that Zihe Bingyun had also exploded her own body, but what use was it against him? ‘Are you even stronger than Zihe Bingyun? Even if you are, just how much more powerful could you be?’

Boom, lightning exploded, turning into a massive circular zone of explosive lightning. Bolts of lightning interwove closely together, destroying all life in that vicinity.

Under this kind of shock wave, to say nothing of fourth severance, even a Severing Mundane Tier peak stage king tier could be insta-killed—even if he had not been insta-killed, he would have to suffer severe injuries at least.

How could the self-explosion of a Divine Fetus as well as an emperor tier be anything ordinary?

However, when the lightning had wreaked enough havoc, Ling Han was still standing proudly, but what rendered him speechless was the fact that the clothes that he had just f***** put on were again turned into nothing, and he was again completely naked.

Luo Changfeng’s body had already turned into ash, but his spirit had not completely dissipated. Before returning to the Dao of Heaven and Earth, he looked at Ling Han in defiance. Even such a blow wasn’t able to make Ling Han sustain the slightest injury.

‘Just what kind of monster are you exactly?’

In the end, he was still unable to ask the final question. His spirit dissipated, and returned completely to the heaven and earth.

Ling Han’s eyes swept over the surroundings. At a very far distance, there were three people that were presently trembling with fear. When his eyes passed over them, the three of them immediately turned around and fled. Terror-stricken, they were fleeing at an extremely fast speed.

Lin Fang, Teng Sen, Wei Nian, the three that had previously fled.

Ling Han did not chase after them. Their distance was really too far, and those three were also king tiers, so how could they be caught up with so easily.

“Husband!” The Empress arrived elegantly from afar, and threw herself into his arms.

Bewitching Maiden Rou stood in the distance, feeling fire burning her pretty face.

She was also speechless. In a single day, she had actually seen Ling Han naked twice; was he doing it on purpose?

Ling Han was also speechless. Who would have known that Zihe Bingyun and Luo Changfeng would destroy his clothes, and then come over to embrace him before self-explosion, which again turned him naked. Did she think he wanted to look like this?

‘However, my figure is actually extremely perfect, so it is to your advantage.’

Ling Han was embraced by the Empress, and didn’t even have the time to put on any clothes. Thus, he could only enter into the Black Tower in a flash. In any case, this had to be only an ordinary Spatial God Tool in the eyes of Bewitching Maiden Rou.

The Empress offered a kiss. Her beloved was domineering and showed his might, causing her passion to ignite like fire.

She did not care for the situation or location. If she liked something, she would show her emotions.

Everything in this world was ants to her, so what need was there for her to be concerned about the thoughts of others?

Having the Empress clinging onto him, and she was looking so alluring and seductive at that, just ask, who would be able to resist such temptation?

Ling Han naturally was no exception. Furthermore, he had no need to resist, either. This was his wife, a woman he could justly, honorably, and boldly love!

***

After a bout of intimacy, Ling Han and the Empress finally exited the Black Tower. Actually, the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden had also joined them in the middle, and the preposterous eroticism that they had indulged in naturally could not be expressed to outsiders. In any case, Ling Han’s legs had turned weak.

After exiting the Black Tower, they saw that the mountain cave had still not opened, and Ling Han couldn’t help but feel guilty.

“Don’t worry, I will not take advantage of the opening to steal the treasure!” Bewitching Maiden Rou declared in irritation. Seeing how the Empress looked so astonishingly alluring despite maintaining her bearing of austerity, she knew what she and Ling Han had just been doing.

This caused her face to flush red. ‘Are you guys aware that there is another person here? Though I can’t see you, I can feel that you are within the vicinity, so I would still feel embarrassed, all right?’

Ling Han smiled faintly. Even if Bewitching Maiden Rou wanted to steal the treasure, she couldn’t possibly do so, either. That was because the Heavenly Dao Jade was formed through the Source Power of Earth having evolved through millions and millions of years, and was not something that could be retrieved by a fourth severance at all.

No matter what, she would have to possess Celestial King Tier techniques, like Zihe Bingyun and Luo Changfeng. Otherwise, it would only result in her death.

Ling Han definitely would not say this, though. He merely looked at that cave, and thought that he had only indulged with the Empress for a single day this time round. It seemed like it could be ranked in the top five of the shortest periods of time that they had made love for.

As expected, with something still lingering in his mind, he could not go all out.

Seeing his distracted expression, Bewitching Maiden Rou was almost exploding with fury. This was practically the largest stain in the history of the Purity Sect. To actually be distracted while he was with her, and he was thinking of another woman at that!

Could anyone bear that?

In any case, she couldn’t!