Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1846: Thundercloud Celestial King? Heh...

The female knight in golden armor didn’t give a toss as she continued to attack. It was clear that she wanted to kill Sun Zhen.

Sun Zhen roared with fury, yet he didn’t dare to exchange blows with the female knight in golden armor at all. He hurriedly retreated into the distance, and he tried to return to his battleship. At that time, he would regain the upper hand.

Crackle...

His entire body was surrounded by arcs of lightning, and it looked as if he were a god. At this moment, however, he was fleeing in disarray.

Given a choice between life and dignity, dignity could naturally be sacrificed. In any case, exchanging blows with the female knight would be blind and reckless courage. It wouldn’t be true courage.

Not only did Regulations of Lightning possess incredible destructive power, but they would also bestow upon one immense speed. Sun Zhen’s speed was astonishing, and in the blink of an eye, he had already dashed back to the battleship of his sect.

A smile involuntarily spread across his face. It was now his turn to counterattack.

Pa!

Right at this moment, however, he suddenly felt a tremendous force traveling over from his toe, and rapidly dragging him down.

Looking down, he discovered that there was a whip wrapped around his foot!

Whoosh!

He was dragged down at an incredible speed!

“No!!” he roared in fury. However, he was completely unable to rival this power.

Peng!

He smashed into the ground, forming a huge crater.

Sun Zhen shakily crawled up. His fall hadn’t been severe. However, the female knight had unleashed the power of Regulations, causing his foot to feel incredibly frail and weak.

“F-friend, at the very least, I’m also an elite from a Celestial King Tier force. Killing me will only cause endless troubles for you!” These words sounded like a threat, yet he was instead begging for his life.

The female knight in golden armor wore a haughty expression, and she said, “Is it the Thundercloud Palace? The Thundercloud Celestial King is nothing more than a first heaven Celestial King. In the Roc Palace, his strength can’t even rank in the top 100.”

If the Roc Palace hadn’t been engaged in a battle with their mortal enemy, they would have had a total of more than 1000 Celestial Kings during their peak!

Of course, they only had two ninth heaven Celestial Kings. Right now, one of them had already passed away. Moreover, the grand elder had also suffered wounds of the great dao. As such, they could only wait for Hu Niu to grow and fill this vacancy. Otherwise, once the powerful grand elder passed away, the powerful Roc Palace might collapse in an instant.

Yet, even with their dire situation, was the Roc Palace a sect that could be provoked by a measly first heaven Celestial King Tier force?

No way! What a joke!

Sun Zhen was dumbfounded upon hearing this. Not only he, but everyone who heard the female knight’s words was also dumbfounded. Only a single thought remained in their minds.

‘You’re f*cking kidding me, right?!’

Who didn’t know that Celestial Kings were the most powerful beings in the entire world? It was also because of this that only very few Celestial King Tier forces existed in the world. As such, any one of them could easily rule over an entire territory.

One just had to look at the Zihe Clan and the Thundercloud Palace. How many years had passed, yet which Holy Son or successor had advanced to become a Celestial King?

Not a single one!

From this, one could imagine just how difficult it was to become a Celestial King.

‘Your sect has hundreds of Celestial Kings? Your flex has gone a little too far!’

“You dare to humiliate our Celestial King? Your fate is destined to be a miserable one!” Sun Zhen said coldly. He could die, but the Thundercloud Celestial King couldn’t be humiliated! He was the pillar of their hearts, and he was a totem of their minds.

“It’s the simple truth!” the female knight in golden armor said calmly. She swung her whip again, and it was as if mountains were collapsing and tsunamis were impending. The Regulations lit up layer after layer.

Sun Zhen frantically fled into the distance. However, even with the help of his Regulations of Lightning, he still couldn’t escape the fate of being struck by the female knight’s whip. Although these strikes weren’t deadly, he was still riddled with vicious wounds.

He was finally unable to endure this anymore, and with a long battle cry, boundless radiance erupted from his body, causing him to transform into something like a small sun.

This was the glow of his secret palace, and Sun Zhen was unleashing its full potential to forcefully raise his battle prowess. This would be his pinnacle battle.

He was fighting with his life on the line.

He had no option but to do so.

However, the female knight in golden armor was completely unfazed by this. She casually swung her whip, and it was as if she were a cat toying with a mouse. Sun Zhen was completely suppressed by her overwhelming might.

The gulf between them was far too great, and it was as if they were on two completely different levels.

In the end, Sun Zhen completely exhausted the power of his secret palace. His battle prowess dropped significantly, and he was brutally whipped to death by the female knight.

Another fifth secret elite was killed!

Everyone shuddered in apprehension upon seeing this. They didn’t dare to make a sound.

“Zi Juan, lend me your mount,” the female knight in golden armor said as she looked at Ling Han.

“As you wish, milady!” A female knight in silver armor immediately jumped off her Dragonhawk, and climbed onto the back of someone else’s.

“Set off!” the female knight in golden armor said as she looked at Ling Han. She still believed that Ling Han wasn’t worthy of the Young Imperial Empress. In fact, no one was worthy of the Young Imperial Empress.

Ling Han chuckled as he jumped onto the Dragonhawk with the Empress. The back of this Immortal Beast was extremely large, so much so that one could even place a table on top of it.

“Let’s go!” the female knight in golden armor cried. The 10 Dragonhawks soared into the air, and quickly became tiny black dots in the distance.

Dragonhawks were extremely quick, and they were also extremely stable. There would be no turbulence at all. Ling Han embraced the Empress as he sat on its back. Even though there were strong winds, his physique was strong enough for him to completely ignore them.

The female knight in golden armor couldn’t help but feel slightly indignant. The Young Imperial Empress was always longing for this bastard, yet he actually dared to embrace another woman before her? How... How beautiful!

Even she couldn’t help but admit that the Empress was stunningly beautiful. She was no less beautiful than the Young Imperial Empress.

‘How is this bastard so fortunate?’

The Dragonhawks were only at the Severing Mundane, yet in terms of long-distance travel, they were definitely one of the best choices. In three days, they had already soared past thousands of mountains and rivers. At this rate, they could most likely reach the coast in around half a year.

The Celestial Realm was far too large.

Meanwhile, the Empress quickly entered the Black Tower. She had already reached the peak stage of the third severance, and she hoped to advance to the fourth severance as soon as possible. She would then cultivate toward the true pinnacle for monarch tiers.

The fifth severance!

Without reaching the fifth severance, they wouldn’t be able to compete against the successors of Seventh Heaven Celestial King Tier forces and above.

Ling Han could only wait outside. Otherwise, if he also entered the Black Tower, heavens knew where the winds would blow them to. Thus, it was best for him to remain put.

In the blink of an eye, three months had already passed.

Everything had been peaceful, and no conflict had occurred. The female knight in golden armor had remained aloof toward Ling Han the entire time, and it was clear that she wasn’t willing to say anything extra to him. However, she had still told Ling Han that her surname was Guan. He could refer to her as Commander Guan.

As for her name, she hadn’t told him. Ling Han hadn’t asked, either.

***

Today was a beautiful and sunny day. In different regions of the Celestial Realm, there would be different elites using their magnificent power to create suns and moons. They would forcefully create a cycle of day and night. The sun in this region was red and bright.

Generally speaking, only Ascending Origin Tier elites had the power to achieve this. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Ling Han stared at the red sun. This sun possessed powerful Regulations of Fire, and it caused his fire-element Divine Fetus to itch with yearning. He felt a strong urge to extract the Regulations from this sun so that he could study and comprehend them.

Of course, he could only think about this. To say nothing of whether he could withstand the fury of an Ascending Origin Tier elite or not, his current cultivation level meant that he couldn’t extract the Regulations from this sun anyway.

The gulf between their cultivation levels was far too great. Even with his fire-element Divine Fetus, he would still be instantly incinerated into ashes by the Regulations of this sun.

This sun was colossal in size, and it was as large as an entire city. How large was a city of the Celestial Realm?

Right at this moment, an expanse of dark clouds suddenly rolled over from the distance. It was as if a formidable tsunami were surging over.

In the blink of an eye, that colossal red sun was instantly swallowed by the dark clouds. The blazing flames flashed for a brief moment, yet it soon vanished without a trace. After a short moment, a violent explosion ripped through the clouds, with a burst of red heat waves hurtling toward Ling Han and the others.

The colossal red sun had been obliterated!