Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1847: I’m Just Passing By

“Not good!” Commander Guan exclaimed. She always appeared emotionless, yet her expression suddenly changed drastically. “This is a battle between Ascending Origin Tier elites! Hurry up and avoid it!”

There was no need for her reminder, as all of the female knights were experienced cultivators who had been through hundreds of battles. They were already commanding their Dragonhawks to turn around. However, Ling Han had little experience in riding Dragonhawks, and he had been blindly following the others these past few months. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Even so, his Dragonhawk wasn’t foolish. It had reached the Severing Mundane Tier, so its intelligence naturally wasn’t low.

With a screech, it flapped its wings and turned around to follow its companions.

In the end, however, reactiveness was no match for proactiveness. Although they had only been slower by two wing beats, how far could a Dragonhawk travel in a single wing beat? At least dozens of kilometers! Thus, Commander Guan and the others instantly transformed into tiny black dots in the distance.

Boom!

Two bursts of shock waves traveled over from before him... No, they had traveled over from behind him. One shock wave was black like dark clouds, while the other was red like blazing flames. Both of these shock waves blotted out heaven and earth, stretching as far as the eye could see.

These shock waves caught up to him at an incredible speed, and they were even faster than his Dragonhawk. By the looks of it, these shock waves were going to strike him at any moment.

The Dragonhawk beneath Ling Han suddenly screeched in terror. It furiously beat its wings, yet it was unable to escape from the shock waves no matter what. After all, how could its speed compare to that of Ascending Origin Tier elites?

Whoosh!

Right at this moment, a whip suddenly lashed over from the distance, and wrapped around the Dragonhawk.

This was none other than the weapon of Commander Guan. She was going to pull the Dragonhawk and Ling Han toward her.

However, the two bursts of devastating and unstoppable shock waves had already arrived.

Pa, pa, pa!

Commander Guan’s whip was instantly reduced to ashes. She was completely unable to rival these shock waves.

She wanted to charge back, yet upon seeing the two bursts of furious and formidable shock waves, she could only grit her teeth and turn back around.

In her eyes, Ling Han definitely couldn’t withstand these shock waves. He would definitely be reduced to ashes.

The remaining Dragonhawks beat their wings in unison as they fled into the distance. So what if they had come from a Ninth Heaven Celestial King Tier force in the Roc Palace? Right now, they could do nothing but flee.

During such critical times, one could only rely on their own strength. They couldn’t rely on their background.

Anyhow, when the two bursts of furious shock waves surged over, Ling Han immediately grabbed the screeching Dragonhawk and knocked it unconscious. He then dragged it into the Black Tower.

This was an easy task, so he naturally wouldn’t watch the Dragonhawk die.

Boom!

Devastating auras and Regulations churned through the sky. Even inside the Black Tower, Ling Han could still clearly see the stunning scenes in the outside world. Although they weren’t powerful enough to threaten the Black Tower, they were still powerful enough to make Ling Han feel a strong sense of apprehension.

If he were forced to face these shock waves head-on, he would be instantly reduced to ashes even if he actively channeled the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll.

Rumble...

Violent auras boomed through the sky, with the power of Regulations transforming into countless blades that mercilessly soared through the air, destroying everything in their paths.

Ling Han couldn’t help but lament his bad luck. Whom had he provoked? He was simply traveling toward his destination!

Anyhow, it was clear that these Ascending Origin Tier elites weren’t targeting them. Otherwise, even Commander Guan wouldn’t have been able to escape the fate of being insta-killed. It was extremely likely that two Ascending Origin Tier elites were battling against each other, and they had unfortunately been caught up in the crossfire.

Ling Han casually tossed the Dragonhawk aside before starting to carefully reflect on his actions. He hadn’t done anything bad recently, had he? That being the case, why had he suddenly been struck with such great misfortune? Was he truly a magnet for trouble?

He silently waited for a conclusion. The two elites couldn’t battle forever, could they?

However, things were truly developing in this direction. Outside the Black Tower, the power of Regulations transformed into deadly blades that continued to wantonly shoot through the sky. These were blades that could easily kill Immortal Palace Tier elites.

The battle lasted several months, and Ling Han couldn’t see things clearly from within the Black Tower. He could only sense that this was indeed a battle between two profoundly powerful elites.

“Please, hurry up and finish your battle! I still need to hurry on with my journey!” Ling Han said with a sigh. Although he had the company of the Empress and the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden, and although there were still two kids for him to tease, he truly wanted to reunite with Hu Niu, his parents, as well as the others. He wanted to see his own son... Ah! How old was his son now? Perhaps he already had great-great-grandchildren!

***

“Fox Demon, you’ve already destroyed my Ancient Sun City, yet you’re still not willing to let the matter drop?” a man who was enveloped in flames roared loudly. His voice boomed like thunder, and it was clear that he was beside himself with fury.

There was a war hammer in his hands, and it was burning with purple flames that were powerful enough to easily incinerate fifth secret elites.

“Liu Lingfeng, you’ve yearned for my inner core, and you took advantage of my seclusion to launch a sneak attack on me. You almost ruined my cultivation of hundreds of millions of years! How can I calm down if I don’t kill you?” This was a woman who was dressed in red silk robes. Her true appearance was hidden behind the aura of the great dao, so it couldn’t be seen clearly.

Anyhow, her figure was extremely slender and shapely, and it was as alluring as could be.

It was the battle between these two elites that had directly obliterated the colossal red sun in the sky. It was also their battle that had forced Ling Han to remain inside the Black Tower.

The hair of Liu Lingfeng, the man who was wielding the war hammer, stood on ends. Each strand was burning with flames, and his dignified face was also burning with fury.

Just like the woman in red had said, he had been yearning for her inner core. He had launched a sneak attack while she had been cultivating in seclusion, and he had wanted to snatch her fruits of cultivation to strengthen himself. However, he hadn’t expected the woman to set up so many barriers and traps. In the end, he had come away empty-handed. Not only that, but the woman in red had also charged over to his city to seek revenge. She had destroyed the colossal red sun with a single strike, and she had instantly reduced his main city to nothingness.

He was naturally enraged. Although this city wasn’t the ancestral grounds of the Liu Clan, it was a city that he had spent countless years building and developing.

However, it had been destroyed just like that. How could he not be infuriated?

“Fox Demon, die!” he roared. He swung his war hammer at the woman, forcing her to continually shoot back in retreat. Sparks of flames transformed into meteors that continued to rain down on the earth, causing a colossal crater to appear in the ground.

This was the power of Ascending Origin Tier elites. With a wave of their hands, they could easily obliterate heaven and earth. They were unfathomably powerful.

“Shameless bastard!!” the woman in red roared in fury. She had been cultivating in peace, so whom had she provoked? Yet, this man had actually lusted after her inner core, and almost ruined her cultivation of hundreds of millions of years. If she didn’t kill Liu Lingfeng, she wouldn’t be able to swallow her anger!

Under the effects of their intense battle, all of the towering mountains in the surroundings were razed and turned into flat earth. Moreover, there were deep craters everywhere, and they had even been connected together to form a gigantic sea.

This battle lasted for a whopping four months, and both of the powerful elites suffered relatively severe wounds. Only then did their battle finally conclude. The elites both retreated, yet the animosity between them naturally wouldn’t be resolved any time soon.

Ling Han finally exited the Black Tower. He couldn’t help but chuckle bitterly. Right now, he was heaven knew how far away from Commander Guan. Because this region had already been smashed into flat earth and transformed into a sea of flames, he more so couldn’t ascertain his own position.

He had no option but to slowly search for Commander Guan and the others.

The flames were scorching, and even with his fire-element Divine Fetus and his Nine Heavens Flame, Ling Han was still unable to freely move around this area.

The gulf between him and Ascending Origin Tier elites was far too great. He would be seeking death if he dared to enter their battleground.

As such, he had no option but to take a detour around their battleground. However, just how gigantic was the sea of flames? It would take him at least an entire month to walk around it.

“Liu Lingfeng, you bastard!” Ling Han gritted his teeth and cursed. If it weren’t for this person lusting over that woman’s inner core, would he have attracted such furious revenge from her? Would he have been dragged into such an intense battle?

Meanwhile, Ling Han had been mysteriously caught up in their mess. If he couldn’t meet up with Commander Guan, his journey to the Western Celestial Realm and his reunion with Hu Niu and the others would definitely be delayed by a very long time.