Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1852: Stealing

There were only three minor levels in the Ascending Origin Tier: Small Accomplishment, Great Accomplishment, and Consummate respectively.

Old Demon Blood Shadow was at Small Accomplishment, but he had stagnated on this cultivation level for who knew how much time, and sustained Immortal’s Tribulation innumerable times, but his strength had not improved further, while the Immortal’s Tribulation had become harder and harder to endure.

He had a feeling that if he did not break through to Great Accomplishment, then when the next Immortal’s Tribulation came, he would not be able to survive it.

...Didn’t you see how others would be looking sage-like, and why would his hair have all turned gray, and more than half had been lost at that? This was connected with the Immortal’s Tribulation, causing him to look doddering and old. Otherwise, he had also been a handsome man himself many years ago, and had enraptured millions of women with his charms.

He speculated that there was hope for him to break through to the Great Accomplishment, but did not have the slightest confidence that he would be able to survive the tribulation, and had thus placed his hopes on the Natural Peach Seal.

However, 99% of Natural Peach Seals were in the hands of Celestial King Tier-level forces; in fact, they were in the hands of Celestial King Tiers above Fifth Heaven. He did not even dare think about it, what more going to steal it. That would really be thinking that he was not dying fast enough.

Because his life was hanging in the balance, he had investigated everywhere, and he had actually found out that there was a Natural Peach Seal in Alchemy City!

It was said that years ago, an Alchemy King had emerged from Alchemy City, and he was able to concoct supreme Dao PIlls of Celestial King Tier-level, and had thus been bestowed five Natural Peach Seals by a supreme Celestial King.

Because this Celestial King was too aggressive, there was no other force that dared have any ideas about these five Natural Peach Seals.

Actually, he, too, did not have the intention, but there was a sharp sword hanging over his neck, so he could only take the risk. Moreover, he was not moving personally, either. Hadn’t he found Ling Han to do the job for him?

And then he only had to kill Ling Han to keep the secret, and naturally no one could possibly link him to this matter.

Through the passage of time, Alchemy City had already used three Natural Peach Seals. At present, there were still two left. Then, he could use one when he was in Great Accomplishment, and the next he could use when he ascended to Consummate, and that was just enough.

Additionally, Natural Peach Seal did not have any effect on Celestial Kings, because it was also Celestial King Tier-level, so how could it conceal this kind of destiny?

In any case, Old Demon Blood Shadow did not have the confidence that he could break through to the Celestial King Tier, either. The Ascending Origin Tier Consummate would be his final stop; furthermore, it was only a possibility that he could reach it. However, as long as he had reached the Ascending Origin Tier Consummate, he would at least be able to live a few more epochs, and who knew, maybe another miracle would take place.

“The Natural Peach Seal can conceal destiny, and allow the heavenly tribulation that you undergo to weaken by at least one level,” the old bastard explained to Ling Han. “There are a total of two Natural Peach Seals in Alchemy City, and I only want one, while the other can be left for your use.

“Your talent is extraordinary. In fact, you can possibly achieve a fifth severance, but there is absolutely no way you could survive the heavenly tribulation for the fifth severance, and you must use the Natural Peach Seal. How about it? Are you tempted now?

“Though I have commanded you to do this for me, it is also greatly beneficial for yourself.”

He tempted Ling Han. This was only deceiving the latter. He would be making use of both Natural Peach Seals—to say the least, even if he was not going to use it, he could always sell it to another. This thing was not Celestial medicine, yet was definitely more valuable than the majority of Celestial medicines.

Ling Han naturally would not believe him. If this old bastard’s words could be trusted, then even pigs would fly. Of course, he would not say it out loud. He only asked, “Then what should I do to be able to steal the Natural Peach Seals?”

This was a precious treasure, so how could it be stolen so easily?

“Hoho, then that would have to depend on that brat from previously,” Old Demon Blood Shadow said smilingly. “That brat is the most likely person to inherit Alchemy City, and I have been secretly following him all this way, offering my protection.”

With how clever Ling Han was, he immediately realized that this old bastard had long since had the idea of using Lu Xianming to enter into Alchemy City so he could steal the Natural Peach Seals.

True, he was a future heir, so he would definitely have the chance of entering into the treasury in the utmost core of the city.

He really was enshrouded by bad luck. This was really too unlucky.

“You go and meet Lu Xianming, follow him, and help him to ascend to the seat of chairperson. When you get the chance, enter into the treasury, and you can steal the Natural Peach Seals. As for how should you go about doing this, there is no need for me to teach you further, right?” Old Demon Blood Shadow continued.

“I will give you 10,000,000 years. By then, if you still have not brought back the Natural Peach Seals, then don’t blame me for being cruel!”

When he said the last sentence, he showed a menacing killing intent.

He could not afford any delays. 10,000,000 years was already his limit, and he still had to retain enough time for him to advance to Great Accomplishment.

Ling Han sighed ruefully inside his heart. After going a full circle, he actually still had to go to Alchemy City. However, he did indeed need the Natural Peach Seal, and furthermore, one was not enough, either; he had to get two—the Empress needed it as well.

Then he’d just go and steal them, and create some kind of chaos to be able to inform Commander Guan “for free”.

Ling Han had already made the decision mentally, and thus nodded, and replied, “I will do my best.”

“Not your best, but you must succeed. Otherwise, your life will be gone!” Old Demon Blood Shadow clapped Ling Han’s shoulder, and with every clap, a certain power would surge into Ling Han’s body.

Immediately, multiple black veined patterns appeared on Ling Han’s skin. They were exuding a smoke-like substance, and looked incredibly evil. He couldn’t help but grit his teeth. This was really too painful, it was deep to his bones and marrow.

“I have already set the time for the curse to activate for you, and that is 10,000,000 years later. However, to remind you to make as much use of your time as possible, this Black Murderous Curse will activate every year! And when the Black Murderous Curse takes your life, the level of agony will be 10,000 times worse, so you will only die after having been tortured enough for 10,000 years!”

Old Demon Blood Shadow withdrew his hand, a strange expression flashing over his features. He kept sensing that there was something strange about Ling Han’s body, but when he thought about the more imminent life-threatening danger... to him, 100,000,000 years was really not very long. You see, he had already given Ling Han 10,000,000 years to complete the theft.

Forget it, whatever was so strange, he would kill this brat and make a slow, careful study of it once he obtained the Natural Peach Seals.

“This is the map, and I have already marked the spot for you. Go on then!” Old Demon Blood Shadow waved a hand at Ling Han. As he saw it, Ling Han presently was just wasting his life.

Ling Han set out, and a feeling of anxiety immediately rose up in his heart.

No matter what, he had to first dispel the Black Murderous Curse inside his body. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Maybe the Black Tower could do it.

He did not immediately enter. Old Demon Blood Shadow had already grown suspicious about him, so at the moment, it was best that he did not use the Black Tower.

For an Ascending Origin Tier elite, even if he secretly followed Ling Han, he would not allow him to discover it, just like how Old Demon Blood Shadow first appeared, catching Ling Han completely off guard, and capturing him directly.

Alchemy City was very, very far. Thankfully, Ling Han still had Dragonhawk. Dragging this guy out of the Black Tower, and knocking it awake, Ling Han climbed on board, and headed to Alchemy City according to the map.

He knew that Old Demon Blood Shadow was definitely following behind him, fearing that he would not give up, and look for someone to dispel the Black Murderous Curse.

Ling Han obediently journeyed for a month, and a majestic great city appeared ahead of him.

Four-star great force, Alchemy City!

The whole city was constructed to look like a cauldron, while there were innumerable formation patterns glowing with light on its outside, protecting this ancient city.

This should be the most heavily guarded place in the entire Eastern Celestial Realm. They were rich and pompous, so whatever materials they used were the best and most expensive, so they were naturally awesome.

After entering into the city, Old Demon Blood Shadow should not dare to follow him any further.

That was because once this kind of elite entered into the city, he would definitely draw attention, and be kept under constant monitoring by Alchemy City. And taking the old bastard’s nickname into further consideration, he was already called an old demon, so he had to be something like an object of scorn. He might not dare to easily reveal himself; he would be worried that he was going to be beaten.