Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1853: Time Cultivation Chamber

There were many damn rules for entering a One-Star City, what more entering a Four-Star Great City.

Though Ling Han had entered into the city, this city was divided into five regions in total. Aside from the first level which could be entered just by paying the entrance fee, the other four levels could only be entered after submitting an application.

For example, a Severing Mundane Tier could apply to go to the second layer, Dividing Soul Tier could go to the third level, Immortal Palace Tier could go to the fourth level, and Ascending Origin Tier could go to the fifth level. Additionally, alchemists could also go to different levels based on their respective skill in alchemy.

Of course, application was one story, but approval was quite another.

Ling Han first found an inn to stay in on the first level. At present, he had to deal with the problem of the Black Murderous Curse first.

He immediately entered into the Black Tower.

“Small Tower?” Ling Han called out softly.

“Black Murderous Curse, this is a little troublesome. If I use my power to erase it for you, that would very likely alert a few old monsters. Thus, the best method is still for you to experience Rising From The Ashes again, and the Black Murderous Curse would naturally be dispelled,” Small Tower soon gave a response.

“Will it affect me at other times?” Ling Han asked again.

“No,” Small Tower said. “It’s fine even if you don’t dispel it. Even if the curse activates, and you die once, you can still revive through Rising From The Ashes. Furthermore, you can also use the Black Murderous Curse to temper yourself. Actually, this can be considered a blessing too.”

Ling Han’s mouth couldn’t help but twitch. ‘You haven’t had a taste of when the Black Murderous Curse activates, have you? That is definitely not a pleasant feeling!’

And he had to experience it once a year; he really had no wish to experience it again.

“To become a supreme Celestial King, one must experience extreme suffering. If you do not even have this kind of perseverance, you had best not think of the fifth severance, and just become an ordinary Celestial King, enjoying a mediocre life,” Small Tower said calmly.

“F***, though I know you are just egging me on, having a tsundere Tower like you cast disdain on me like this, I really am not going to yield!” Ling Han laughed loudly, showing his noble aspirations. “Fine, I will struggle a bit then!”

Ling Han exited the Black Tower. Since there was no way he could seek out Commander Guan at this moment, he would just have the latter take the initiative to find him, and to achieve this, he had to become well-known.

There were many ways to become known, for example running bare naked through the streets, or having s*x in the open. En, this was too tasteless. He was not the large black dog, so how could he do something like that?

Then, should he kill a few profligate young masters with powerful backgrounds?

No, this was a Four-Star City. If he started a massacre, then he would have to flee for his life before Commander Guan could make his way here. This clearly was not reasonable, either.

Then, there was only one way left.

Wasn’t this the Alchemy City?

What a coincidence; he was the Alchemy Emperor. Then, let him come and conquer this city so that it would become an Alchemy City that was deserving of its name!

He already had a certain mastery of alchemy basics. Xiang Yan had taught him a great many things. However, for the moment, he was unable to concoct a complete pill. After all, the Reincarnation Tree only helped to increase appreciation and understanding, but could not improve his practical skill.

Something like alchemy still depended on practice.

The Empress was in seclusion, so Ling Han brought the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden out for a breath of fresh air, walking around on the first level.

This place naturally was also overwhelmingly huge. There were mountains and seas, and it could be compared to a gigantic planet.

To completely walk a full circle here would need astonishingly long time. Thankfully, the majority of facilities were focused in the commercial area. Thus, they only had to walk around there. Whatever there was in the first level could be bought here.

Ling Han mostly wanted to focus on alchemy. With his natural talent, he only had to show some of his skill, and there would definitely be alchemists going wild with joy, wanting to welcome and recruit him.

...He was definitely not going to do as the Blood Shadow Old Demon had said, and become a subordinate for Lu Xianming.

Who knew, maybe he would really develop here, and treat this place like his future base in the Celestial Realm. That was because alchemy was a part of him that could not be severed, and this at least was the sacred place of alchemy in the Eastern Celestial Realm.

If he inherited the Alchemy City, then wouldn’t it become very natural for him to take the Natural Peach Seal for his use?

Would he still have to steal it?

After Ling Han walked around, he gained a very great pleasant surprise. There were Time Cultivation Chambers here.

What was their use? Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

The time inside would be accelerated to a much faster rate than outside. One day inside, and no matter what you were doing, you could save endless time.

For example, concocting an alchemical pill would normally need 10 days, but inside, it would only require five days, three days, or even one day.

Ling Han made some detailed enquiries. The Time Cultivation Chamber here only had four acceleration effects: two days, three days, four days, and five days, which meant that time could be sped up by two to five times.

It could not be helped. This was only the first level area, and it was rumored that there were better Time Cultivation Chambers further upwards, such as 10 times, 20 times, and 30 times.

The strongest could reach 100 times, and only the fifth level had that. Furthermore, it was not something that one could make use of just by paying for it.

The more the time was accelerated, the more resources it would expend.

To say nothing of 10 times or 100 times, merely accelerating the time by two times, one would have to pay a Star Stone for each day. And for three times, it would be two Star Stones, four times would be five Star Stones, and five times was 10 Star Stones.

In terms of quality-to-price ratio, acceleration by two times was the most worthwhile. Acceleration by three, four times was also extremely favored, and acceleration by five times was a privilege that belonged to the rich.

If Ling Han wanted to comprehend Dao, it was still the Reincarnation Tree that was better. At the beginning, one day was equivalent to a year, already accelerating time by over 300 times, what more now, when the acceleration rate had reached more than 3,000,000 times.

But in terms of alchemy, the Reincarnation Tree was of no help at all.

After he found out that there was something like the Time Cultivation Chamber, he immediately became very interested. Xiang Yan had once said that he could only concoct his first cauldron of Celestial pills after 10 years, but with the help of the Time Cultivation Chamber, he could shrink this time down to two years.

And if Ling Han went to the second level, he could reduce this time even further.

He immediately made his decision. First, he would apply for entry to the second level, and at the same time, he would concoct pills here. When his application was approved, he would go to the second level. Time could not be wasted.

Then, he would only have to concoct a cauldron of pills and stun the masses. Naturally, there would be grandmasters of alchemy stepping out to admire a prodigy like him, and it would be a natural turn of events for him to enter further into the third level, the fourth level, and so on.

With the Reincarnation Tree for comprehension, and added with the full acceleration of the Time Cultivation Chamber, Ling Han did not believe that he could not become an outstanding alchemist in a short period of time.

‘Let’s go!’

He and the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden then headed towards the Time Cultivation Chamber. There was only one place that had it in this whole first level, and that was in this commercial area, which was not far.

The two of them soon arrived at their destination. It was not of much use to the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden. She wanted to advance to the Severing Mundane Tier, and would need accumulation over endless time, and the Reincarnation Tree was the true key for that. Otherwise, even acceleration by 100 times was not enough.

She had only accompanied Ling Han here to take a look, and later she would enter into the Black Tower.

“For All Eternity.” Ling Han read the signboard outside this Time Cultivation Chamber. This was a very large courtyard, and was separated into several hundred cultivation chambers.

“A profligate young master wouldn’t come out and have some ideas about me, right?” the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden joked. She knew Ling Han’s trait as a magnet for trouble; he was constantly drawing trouble.

Ling Han laughed loudly, and said, “There’s no harm in taking a look.”

The two of them entered the courtyard. There was a place selling “tickets” at the entrance—every cultivation chamber could only be opened with its specialized seal.

“Dear two customers, what acceleration rate of cultivation chamber would you like? I suggest you choose one with three times acceleration rate. The quality-to-price ratio and practical effects are the best,” the “ticket vendor” said very encouragingly. Every individual that came was a customer.

“FIve times, and we’ll take it for... a month first.” Ling Han drew out 300 Star Stones, and handed them over. He had no shortage of money.

“Sure!” After the ticket vendor took the Star Stones, he examined them slightly, then handed Ling Han a seal, and said, “Customer, please keep this well. The number for your cultivation chamber is 501. Coincidentally, this is the final cultivation chamber with five times acceleration rate.

“Let me give you a kind reminder. Each cultivation chamber can only allow one person to enter. The moment a second person appears, that cultivation chamber would automatically close, and it will be considered as you having forfeited the remaining time.”

Ling Han nodded. He had long since known this rule. This was to prevent someone from using a Spatial God Tool to bring a large group of people in.

He was just about to leave when he saw a young man bustling over in a run. The latter exclaimed, “Give me a five times acceleration rate cultivation chamber!”