Chapter 1871: You have disappointed me too much

Ling Han released a battle cry, and stepped strongly with his feet. Peng, his whole person instantly shot out like a sharp arrow, charging back over to Zhao Qingfeng.

Physical power added with Origin Power was unleashed through Regulations of Lightning, and Ling Han’s speed was indescribably fast.

He raised his fist, and harshly threw a punch at Zhao Qingfeng.

Zhao Qingfeng was slightly surprised—while Ling Han’s battle prowess was inferior to his, he had not been injured even when he had taken this strike from him head-on. This kind of defense caused even him to be slightly impressed. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

However, this was the prodigy that he anticipated. If Ling Han was only so mediocre that he would be killed with a few moves from him, how could he possibly arouse his Dao Heart then?

He raised his sword in a sweep, and sliced out at Ling Han.

Weng, the sword exuded a terrifying cold light, and there were patterns of great dao flickering. It was a Pseudo-Celestial Tool by itself, and added with the powerful martial intent of Zhao Qingfeng, an endless might was instantly unleashed.

Ling Han shouted loudly, and pushed the power of lightning to its pinnacle. Peng, a fierce clash, and he was once again sent flying.

However, his physique was really too strong. Additionally, the right hand that had directly clashed with was wrapped in Regulations of Lightning, and he was not injured by the Pseudo-Celestial Tool.

This time, Zhao Qingfeng was really stunned,

Previously, he had only delivered a flash of Sword Qi, so it was very normal that Ling Han could have taken it head-on without any injury, but now? That was really a genuine strike, and there was also the Qi of Slaughter that he had cultivated instilled in this strike, possessing incredibly frightening destructive power.

And even with that, Ling Han was not injured. In fact, his fist hadn’t even been scraped.

Zhao Qingfeng was trembling slightly. However, it was not because of fear, but rather excitement.

A good opponent was incredibly rare!

If he could not find a suitable opponent, he would even battle the other three Heavenly Kings under Yan Xianlu to death. Only then could he completely arouse his full fighting spirit, and have a battle that was brilliant to the extreme.

He naturally did not want that. If Yan Xianlu was angered, even he would shiver in fear.

And now, an outsider had similarly aroused his fighting spirit. This naturally was best. It could refine his Dao Heart, and he would also not have to anger Yan Xianlu. This was practically a gift that the heavens had bestowed on him.

“To repay you, I will ensure that you die in incredible agony so that this world will remember your anguish!” Zhao Qingfeng stuck out his tongue and licked the blade of his sword. Even his eyes were slightly dazed, but his frightening aura surged out of his body like a tsunami, which also made him incredibly dangerous.

Cultivating Regulation of Slaughter, he would not even remember who he was when he went nuts. His only thought was killing.

Ling Han did not dare to be careless. This was definitely the strongest opponent among his peers that he had encountered in his life. The likes of Zihe Bingyun and Luo Changfeng weren’t even qualified to pick up Zhao Qingfeng’s shoes!

He released a battle cry, and the Divine Demon Sword was summoned. Channeling the power of lightning, he clashed with Zhao Qingfeng.

The two young prodigies’ fighting spirit blazed, and they brandished their swords in a head-on clash with the other. Ding, ding, ding. Crisp sounds rang out continuously, and as they moved, they turned into loud blasts of thunder, deafening with their volume.

Every time they clashed, it was a clash of great dao. A dazzling light appeared, which then turned into a terrifying explosion. If this had not been the arena, where there were protective formations in place, it would definitely have been razed to the ground already, and also caused massive damage to the spectators.

Bewitching Maiden Rou couldn’t help but ball her hands into fists. She had heard of Zhao Qingfeng’s reputation. He was doubtlessly a prodigy, and was also a maniac at the same time. Practically no one that he had set his eyes on could escape the fate of being killed.

Though she was angered by Ling Han’s lack of sensitivity, they had fought together on the same side a few times, and a certain level of amiable relations had naturally developed between them. She had no wish to see Ling Han die in Zhao Qingfeng’s hands.

But Zhao Qingfeng was too strong. He was completely suppressing Ling Han in the battle. Though Ling Han’s defenses were indeed very strong, he could not hold on for long. There would come a time that his defenses would be penetrated.

Her heart became anxious, and her fists also became more tightly clenched.

Meanwhile, Sun Dong became excited. At the same time, he was also slightly impatient. It was clear that Zhao Qingfeng completely had the upper hand, so why was he still unable to kill Ling Han?

Someone who had the same thoughts as he was Cheng Fengyun. He wanted nothing more than to go into the arena and give Zhao Qingfeng a hand.

Ling Han had fallen into a disadvantage. Everyone could see that, and with every clash, just when everyone thought that Ling Han would not be able to hold on any longer, he always managed to stand back up like nothing had happened.

This guy... was also a freak!

The cruel smile at Zhao Qingfeng’s lips became more and more pronounced. He liked this kind of prodigy that had powerful toughness. Only then would he have enough fun through killing him, especially when his blade had sliced open Ling Han’s neck and chest. Seeing that blood-splattered scene, his Dao Heart would also be refined to the pinnacle in an instant, and he would be able to easily push open the barriers to his cultivation level.

Be stronger, be stronger so that all the blood burning in his body would blaze even stronger. Only when he killed Ling Han could he open the doors to the fifth severance.

Ling Han seemed to be in a precarious position, but only he himself knew that he was not in the slightest danger at all.

The strength of his physique had practically rushed up to the level of Level 3 Pseudo-Divine Metal. This meant that if anyone wanted to wound him, he would have to push his battle prowess up to the level of Yang Soul, at least.

...Fifth severance could be treated like Yang Soul, but was Zhao Qingfeng in the fifth severance?

‘No way! What a joke!’

The reason why he had fallen into a disadvantage was firstly that he was a cultivation level lower, and secondly because he had only used the Regulations of Lightning.

There were many Regulations he had grasped, but if they were ranked in terms of power, the first place naturally belonged to Regulations of Fire, second was Water, and Lightning was only third. As for Space, Time, Slaughter, and so on, he had only just barely touched on these areas.

Using the Regulations that were ranked third to face an opponent whose strength was close to his, wasn’t it very natural that he had fallen into a disadvantage?

“Ling Han, if you only have this little bit of strength, your blood will definitely be spilt within three moves!” Zhao Qingfeng’s whole body was surging with a murderous aura. He had already boosted his Regulation of Slaughter to the pinnacle.

The present him was a god of slaughter.

Ling Han humphed. He, too, wanted to use the opponent to open the doors to the fourth severance. Otherwise, he would have directly drawn on the strongest power of a Fire Divine Fetus. That destructive power that would explode in an instant was incredibly frightening.

“I already said not to disappoint me, but you only have this bit of strength. It’s not enough! Not enough! Not enough!” Zhao Qingfeng’s eyes were bloodshot. Being able to withstand strong attacks was still not enough to completely arouse his murderous heart.

He roared. Weng, his sword trembled slightly, and a streak of light flashed past. This Pseudo-Celestial Tool instantly exploded with an incredible blaze of light, as if a blunt weapon had suddenly been sharpened into a blade.

Shua, as the sword struck, a streak of blood actually spewed from Ling Han’s body.

Thankfully, it was only his skin that was scraped, and it was not a bone-deep wound.

His strongest part was naturally his bones. They had reached close to the height of Three-Star Pseudo-Divine Metal, but his skin, blood, and flesh was not as freakish as that. However, being able to split Ling Han’s skin with a strike, the force behind this strike was really extremely strong.

“You think I have just cultivated the Regulation of Slaughter?” Zhao Qingfeng smirked coldly. “Wrong, I am a Bronze Divine Fetus, Metal Element. This is my original elemental alignment, and also my strongest Regulations!”

No wonder. The murderous aura of Regulation of Slaughter was filled with endless destructive power, and the air of sharp metal similarly was focused on offensive. With the two compounded together, he was naturally capable of conquering every obstacle.

“You only have that little bit of strength? This is too sad, and to think I thought of you as a rival. I held myself back for so many days to finally make my move. You have disappointed me too much!”