Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1873: Frightening destructive power

Ling Han released a battle cry. The Divine Demon Sword swept out in a slash, clashing harshly with Zhao Qingfeng without the slightest show of weakness.

The two young elites were utterly brilliant, earnestly releasing their brightness, which was strong enough to dazzle the galaxies, and last for eternity.

Some Holy Sons and Holy Daughters of Celestial King Tier-level sects had not left, and were all dazed by this scene. Then, they paled in dejection.

They could not compare, they really could not compare.

While they, too, were emperor tiers, compared with these two, it was like one had just barely started, while the other had already reached the apex. They were on completely two different levels.

What was more unacceptable and more unimaginable to them was that this was actually not the strongest of the Severing Mundane Tier.

Firstly, Ling Han was still a third severance peak stage. After he entered into the fourth severance, his battle prowess would definitely increase tremendously. Secondly, above these two people, there was another mountain that could not be moved.

Yan Xianlu!

He... just how strong would he be then?

Ling Han’s excitement was aroused with the battle. Using the Immovable Deity Metal Body, he manifested six arms, and began to channel even more celestial techniques.

“Mere party tricks!” Zhao Qingfeng scoffed. Though he was not a Holy Son, he was stronger than 99& of all Holy Sons, and had a grasp of even more celestial techniques. His figure blurred, and his whole body suddenly enlarged to 10 times the original size, and harshly stomped on Ling Han with a single foot.

This stomp was like a bronze mountain descending, and what was more astonishing was that there were countless seals flickering on the sole of his foot, and that was what was the most deadly about it.

“Is that right?” Ling Han smirked, and lightly pressed with one arm. “Banish!”

All of a sudden, that massive figure of Zhao Qingfeng vanished.

But it was only an instant, and that massive foot had shattered the space, reappearing abruptly. Then, it was Zhao Qingfeng’s gigantic figure. He clearly was only 15-18 meters tall, yet it was as if he was capable of supporting both heaven and earth.

Hu, an iron fist flew over, directly aiming for Zhao Qingfeng’s face.

Ling Han was already long waiting for him!

“Humph!” Zhao Qingfeng was not flustered at all. HIs whole head of black hair danced wildly, turning into sharp spikes that pierced towards Ling Han’s left eye.

You gave me a punch, and I would pay you back with a “single” sword strike.

Ling Han did not even think of dodging or withdrawing his punch. This punch flew in a straight course, and he only closed his left eye, and slightly leaned his head to the side.

Peng! Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

This punch and sword strike both landed solidly.

This was the first time Zhao Qingfeng had been struck by Ling Han. Under the blast of this fist, his whole person retreated a few dozen steps back, and with every step back, it had forcefully created a deep footprint on the ground. However, there were protective formations here, so the ground under his feet returned back to normal in a mere instant.

A fist-shaped groove had shockingly appeared on Zhao Qingfeng’s face, and what was strange was that his skin hadn’t broken, nor was there any blood spilt. It was as if his fist had punched a metallic object, forcefully causing it to curve inwards.

Bronze Divine Fetus truly had strong defenses.

On the other side, the hair spikes had pricked Ling Han’s face, but could not penetrate it at all. They only swiped past his face, leaving behind bloody marks that started from the corner of the left eye all the way to the right corner of the lips on Ling Han’s face.

Ling Han wiped his face. There was some blood on his hand. He channeled the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll, and the bloody marks on his face instantly became lighter and recovered.

This strike... At the moment, it was unclear who was at the upper hand.

“I want to kill you more and more!” Zhao Qingfeng declared, the groove on his face slowly filling back out, and he, too, very quickly regained his original appearance. However, there was still the shape of a fist left behind.

Clearly, his defenses could not compare with Ling Han’s.

This was natural. Firstly, Zhao Qingfeng was only a Divine Fetus, and what level was the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll at? Secondly, a Metal Element Divine Fetus was more focused on the offensive in the first place, and was not so much geared towards defense. Thirdly, it was mainly because his cultivation level was higher. Otherwise, it definitely would not have been so easy for him to recover.

Ling Han took in a deep breath. After battling to this moment, he had no choice but to admit that the other party was the strongest opponent he had faced since entering into the Celestial Realm. If it had been before he had been tempered by the Immortal flames, and their cultivation level had been completely equal, it would have been really hard to say who would be coming out the victor.

And now, Ling Han could still manage a tie while his cultivation level was still a minor level lower, which showed fully the benefits being tempered by Immortal flames had brought him. It had really strengthened him too much.

If he couldn’t even deal with Zhao Qingfeng now, what right did he have to compare to Yan Xianlu?

Furthermore, Yan Xianlu might not be the strongest Severing Mundane Tier in the Celestial Realm, either.

“Just come at me!” Ling Han’s fighting spirit blazed. He was the same as the Rain Emperor. They were both the type to become stronger with battle, and they could gain inspiration from battle too, breaking through in an instant.

After this battle, his confidence and first severance would definitely improve to a new height, and there would be hopes for him to break through to the fourth severance.

“I will send you on your way!” Zhao Qingfeng smiled coldy, stretching out his hand, and then flipping it over. “Murderous Shadow!”

Xiu, xiu, xiu. Suddenly, countless flashes of murderous aura surged out from the palm of his hand, turning into multiple human figures. All of them looked exactly like Zhao Qingfeng, and even the aura they exuded was not different in the slightest.

This time, everyone was astounded. One Zhao Qingfeng was already so hard to deal with, and now with one, two, three, four... There were already several dozen Zhao Qingfengs. Then wouldn’t he be invincible in the Severing Mundane Tier?

He was called Invincible Qingfeng, and it was definitely not bragging. He truly was very strong.

Ling Han’s eyes swept over them. The Eye of Truth was already long since obsolete. He could not tell what difference these figures of murderous aura had with the original at all. He was not concerned, though, because he was sure that his physique was definitely invincible in the Severing Mundane Tier.

Even when meeting a fifth severance, as long as he had advanced into the fourth severance, he would be qualified to fight the former. If he had advanced into the fifth severance, then he could ignore even Yang soul Tier elites.

‘Come on then!’

Zhao Qingfeng manifested a total of 99 doppelgangers, and added with the original, they just happened to total 100. He laughed, pointing his sword at Ling Han, and the other 99 doppelgangers did the same movement at the same time.

“Ultimate Strike!” He charged towards Ling Han, the Murderous Shadows blasting together. The light of great dao shone brilliantly.

This strike was a perfect merging of the Regulation of Slaughter and Regulations of Metal.

Ling Han smiled calmly, and struck out with a palm. Weng, boundless coldness suddenly arose. The Source Power of Water activated. This was the Xuanyin Source Water, a Celestial King Tier-level entity. Merely in terms of level, there was not a single object or person that could reign over it.

Freezing a Thousand Miles!

Ka, ka, ka. This coldness was too terrifying. It seeped out to the sides of the arena, and activated the protective formations, creating snowflakes on the formation patterns. At first, the attacks of Severing Mundane Tiers naturally were no issue, and could be easily dispelled by the formations. But who asked for this to be Ling Han’s Source Power, and a Source Water of the heaven and earth to be showing its might?

Pa, pa, pa. The ice shattered, actually destroying a sliver of the formation patterns!

Though it was practically indiscernible, a great many powerful figures all paled.

You f*cking... freak!

This formation was Ascending Origin Tier in level, and a Severing Mundane Tier brat actually managed to destroy a bit of it. Though it was a pitifully small portion, what did this mean?

Ling Han had the ability to kill Ascending Origin Tiers!

Of course, the prerequisite was that the Ascending Origin Tier elite did not resist, and only channeled Regulations to protect himself. In that case, after Ling Han spent a horribly long time, he would be able to slowly disintegrate these Regulations, and then kill the Ascending Origin Tier elite.

This was only a theoretical possibility. Whether it was replenishing the Ascending Origin Tier’s Regulations for defense, or a casual strike, it was enough to turn all of Ling Han’s efforts into waste and kill him immediately, but merely this sliver of possibility was already an inconceivable thing.

Gods, just what kind of monster was this?