Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1877: The curse activates

Multiple veins popped out on Ling Han’s forehead.

He felt incredible agony take over his whole body.

The Black Murderous Curse had activated!

It would activate once a year. Though the normal time had not passed, Ling Han had spent a considerable amount of time inside the Time Cultivation Chamber, and added with that time, the time limit of a year was already reached.

Because he himself had not expected it, either, he was caught completely off guard. Ling Han directly lost all control, leading to the explosion of the cauldron.

Now, he was not in the mood to bother about that. He could only curl up on the ground, resisting that indescribable agony.

Old Demon Blood Shadow was so sure that Ling Han would obediently work for him, and naturally there was a reason for it. That was because this pain was really incredibly piercingly agonizing, surpassing everything Ling Han had experienced before.

Ling Han gritted his teeth, and worked hard on resisting it.

He had powerful determination, and did not submit under this kind of agonizing pain. Instead, he sat up in a cross-legged position, resisting the Black Murderous Curse head-on.

Not only was he going to become a monarch tier, he was also going to be an invincible overlord of all monarch tiers. Thus, he had to reach absolute perfection in every single aspect.

Natural talent, determination, and effort, not a single one was dispensable.

Multiple black veined patterns appeared on his body. That was the Black Murderous Curse activating, and wreaking havoc in Ling Han’s body.

There was one thing that the Old Demon Blood Shadow had lied to Ling Han about: when the Black Murderous Curse activated completely, the pain that Ling Han endured would only reach this extent. However, the moment it activated, it would not stop, but would rather torment Ling Han for as long as 10,000 years, and only then would it end his life. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

He said that when it truly activated, it would be 10,000 times worse, but that was only a mere threat for Ling Han so that he would do the job as best as he could.

Droplets of cold sweat poured down Ling Han’s forehead, but aside from the beginning when he was completely unprepared, and released a yell of pain, he did not let out a single sound further.

He gritted his teeth tightly, and observed the channeling of the Black Murderous Curse.

It should be known that this was something planted by an Ascending Origin Tier elite, and it was unavoidable that it contained his Dao. However, one could not possibly observe it usually. He would have long since been driven to screaming out in pain under the agonizing torment. How could he possibly bother to take notice of this?

Ling Han had strong determination. He was observing the channeling of the Black Murderous Curse. Then, as long as his strength had reached a certain extent, he would be able to dispel this Black Murderous Curse by himself.

...If he could avoid dying once, he naturally did not wish to die.

This kind of torment lasted for a total of a whole day and night. Ling Han wiped off the cold sweat on his forehead, and felt that all his clothes had been dampened with sweat. His spirit was very worn out, but the toughness of his spirit had strengthened slightly.

A sliver of a smile appeared on his face. The Old Demon Blood Shadow would never have imagined that not only would this Black Murderous Curse not become a seal that pushed him to death, it would instead have the effect of tempering his spirit.

However, Ling Han did not have the slightest intention of thanking this old bastard.

Once he had enough strength, he would definitely take off this old bastard’s head!

He rested for a dozen over days, and only then did he dust himself off, and continued pill concoction.

With the acceleration of time, two months passed in the blink of an eye. Ling Han’s expression was slightly excited, and with a sudden shout, pa, pa, pa, he delivered three consecutive palm strikes on the alchemy cauldron. The cauldron instantly shattered, but it was not an explosion due to failure this time—it had truly been destroyed by Ling Han’s assault.

Three alchemical pills floated in the air. It was as if they had sprouted wings as they flew around in the air, but because this was a closed-off space, they could not possibly escape no matter what.

Ling Han laughed, and stretching a hand to grab at the empty air, he made the three pills fall into the palm of his hand.

Pills completed!

They were Purple Moon Spirit Suppression Pills: a type of One-Star Celestial pill. It was used by Severing Mundane Tiers, having the effect of suppressing one’s spirit.

During cultivation, cultivators would be comprehending great dao, but great dao was boundless, so how could it be so easily analyzed? It was very possible that the tables would be turned, causing the cultivator to lose himself within great dao. This Purple Moon Spirit Suppression Pill would then be able to suppress one’s spirit so he would not lose himself.

The ratio of Celestial medicines used was different, and the Purple Moon Spirit Suppression Pill also had different grades due to the difference in skill of the alchemist, which were Low Grade, Medium Grade, High Grade, and Peak Grade, respectively.

“These three Purple Moon Spirit Suppression Pills of mine should be capable of belonging to the Medium Grade,” Ling Han assessed. This was not being modest or boastful, as that was indeed the case.

“Being able to reach the Medium Grade with my first successful concoction, I am indeed awesome.” This time, he was slightly proud of himself.

However, this was actually Ling Han’s second successful concoction. The first time he had been about to succeed, he had experienced the “sudden assault” from the Black Murderous Curse, but the experience he should have accumulated he had still accumulated. Furthermore, his spirit had also become stronger this time round.

Thus, the moment he succeeded in his concoction, it was Medium Grade. There was a reason for it.

Ling Han used his divine sense like a blade, and emblazoned “Han” on the alchemical pills.

Every alchemist would inscribe a unique seal on creations they were proud of. Though this could not be considered a creation that Ling Han was proud of, it was still the first cauldron of Celestial pills he had concocted, and he really had spent a very, very long time on it.

This was worth remembering.

Because he had not reached the time of 10 days, Ling Han simply chose to concoct another cauldron of Purple Moon Spirit Suppression Pills. However, the grade did not increase and reach High Grade this time. It was still Medium Grade.

Even if he was the Alchemy Emperor, he could not ascend the heavens with a single step.

He exited the cultivation chamber, and returned to Lu Xianming’s place. At this time, at least over a dozen forces sent representatives, and they were waiting for him.

Some wanted to take him as a disciple, while some wanted to take him as a son-in-law. In short, they had all shown their greatest sincerity to make him one of their own.

As usual, Ling Han refused them all. What a joke, wasn’t this looking down on him? His target was becoming the future master of this Alchemy City!

Seeing Ling Han refuse the others one after another, Lu Xianming thought that Ling Han had done so for his sake, so he was naturally extremely pleased.

Ling Han made his queries. To become an alchemist of Alchemy City, he had to undergo a test at the Alchemist Pavilion.

The first step was becoming a Junior Apprentice, and then a Middle-Level Apprentice, and then a High-Level Apprentice, and then only would he be qualified to be tested as an Alchemist.

The requirement for a High-Level Apprentice was being able to concoct Level 20 Divine Pills, and above that was a One-Star Alchemist, which was reasonable.

Ling Han gave an ‘oh’. Actually, he was able to become a High-Level Apprentice right from the very beginning, but only thought that he would be able to open the great doors of Alchemy City by becoming a One-Star Alchemist. He had really thought too much.

But that was fine. By now, he could directly emerge as a One-Star Alchemist, which was even more awesome.

He went off to the Alchemist Pavilion to undergo the test.

This time, he had really kept a low profile, focusing completely on gaining the status of an alchemist. Thus, he did not even ask the Empress and Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden to accompany him. You see, if he would still attract trouble like that, then it really was not his fault.

He did not delay the slightest on his journey. Ling Han soon arrived at the Alchemist Pavilion. It was an incredibly majestic and austere pavilion, occupying as many as 10,000 fields, and was indescribably tall and towering.

This was the landmark of Alchemy City—or at least one of them. The truly majestic Alchemist Pavilion was at the fifth level, which was 100 times grander than the fourth level.

Ling Han stood, raising his head to study it.

As he ascended, there were as many as 300 meters of steps alone, and they were all paved with high-grade jade, exuding a faint luster.

“Ling Han!” A voice rang out, and there was a young man standing on the steps. He was looking down on Ling Han loftily, and when he saw that Ling Han had glimpsed him, he descended the steps. “I am Ou Kan.”

Ou Kan, one of the Holy Sons of Alchemy City.

Clearly, he was deliberately waiting for Ling Han here, but why?