Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1881: Ling Han is going to concoct Celestial pills

When they found out this person was Ling Han, everyone’s feelings of anticipation instantly declined by half.

Professionals were in charge of different aspects. There were limits to one’s energy, and this was an incredibly realistic problem. Just how many years had you been alive for? Those with strong insight could very accurately make an assessment—below 500 years!

Then even if you had spent your life in the Time Cultivation Chamber that even had the highest-grade of time acceleration effects ever since birth, when all was said and done, that would only be 50,000 years.

Becoming a One-Star Alchemist in 50,000 years?

‘You’ve got to be joking, you must be crazy!’

But no matter what, a great prodigy of martial arts actually taking the alchemist test still incited the interest of the majority, and they watched from the sidelines. Furthermore, once the news spread out, it had even drawn the attention of a good number of Holy Sons and Holy Daughters.

Some were qualified to contest for the position of chairperson, such as Lu Xianming, Jiao Bang, and Qin Guyu. The other Holy Sons and Holy Daughters knew that there was no hope for them to beat the competition, and had thus long since withdrawn from worldly matters, keeping an incredibly low profile.

To say who was the very most stunned, that would have to be Lu Xianming.

What did Ling Han mean?

This question kept turning over and over in his mind. As a prodigy of martial arts, why did he want to become an alchemist? If Ling Han really became a One-Star Alchemist, the significance of this would be long lasting and powerful.

A One-Star Alchemist that had not exceeded 50,000 years in age. Hiss, this was a supreme, super genius, which was even more stunning than Ling Han having defeated Zhao Qingfeng.

After all, there were many martial arts prodigies. To say nothing of those farther away, merely Yan Xianlu alone was capable of suppressing a whole generation, and becoming a supreme monarch! However, a One-Star Alchemist that had not exceeded 50,000 years in age was really something that hadn’t even been heard of.

This kind of prodigy would be fully supported by the Alchemy City!

A new Holy Son!

If he held the titles of both martial arts prodigy and alchemy prodigy, then what other Holy Son or Holy Daughter could contest with Ling Han for the position of future chairperson of Alchemy City?

There was definitely no one that could match him, and he would be invincible.

Lu Xianming felt as if there was thunder booming in his head. At this moment, he only had one thought: Ling Han definitely, absolutely could not succeed. Otherwise, he would be forced to stand on Ling Han’s opposing side.

He definitely could not possibly allow anyone to threaten his future position as chairperson.

Involuntarily, he turned to look at Qin Guyu, Jiao Bang, and Ou Kan. Coincidentally, these three people were also looking at each other, and they could all see a signal from each other’s eyes—there definitely could not be another Holy Son, much less a freakish prodigy like Ling Han.

However, most people did not have that thought. On the contrary, some were very expectant. If Ling Han could succeed, then with his skill in both alchemy and martial arts, he would definitely become a legendary character of Alchemy City.

And thus, in such complicated and anticipatory circumstances, Ling Han entered into the alchemy chamber, taking the most important step for him in Alchemy City.

He was naturally going to concoct the Purple Moon Spirit Suppression Pill.

Merely the time for concoction would be as long as three months. Thankfully, this alchemy chamber had time acceleration effects—100 times at that. Thus, if Ling Han could succeed, he would only need a single day as measured outside.

In the eyes of everyone, all of Ling Han’s movements had been sped up by 100 times. Hence, his movements were even smoother and faster, but even if they had been sped up by 100 times, his movements were still as smooth as water, causing everyone to feel as if they were enjoying a feast for the eyes.

Exclamations of shock rang out in the surroundings. There was no lack of real alchemists here. As the saying went, laymen simply enjoyed the show, while connoisseurs recognized the artistry. Judging from Ling Han’s movements, he indeed had the style of a veteran alchemist.

This caused them to be incredibly shocked. Such a young alchemist’s existence was really too inconceivable.

It could only be said that there really were prodigies in this world, just that they all had not uncovered them previously.

The expressions of Lu Xianming, Ou Kan, and the others became gradually uglier. Ling Han had already begun pill concoction. Though this was the very most crucial step, a feeling of great foreboding already rose up in them.

Who knew.... this guy might really be able to succeed.

They were all afraid. Though they were all Holy Sons and Holy Daughters, and in fact had reached the height of a Two-Star Alchemist, compared with Ling Han’s accomplishments, they would pale in color.

There were many alchemists that were of a higher grade than them, so why was it that they were the Holy Sons and Holy Daughters?

That was because they had the potential to charge up to Three Stars, Four Stars, or even Five Stars!

But if Ling Han could become a One-Star Alchemist while he was less than 50,000 years old, then his potential undoubtedly surpassed all others.

This was a powerful enemy.

The four Holy Sons and Holy Daughters looked at each other, and all of them felt an intense killing intent rise up in them. Even Lu Xianming was no exception. His heart had already hardened.

In the outside world, one day’s time passed very quickly, and in the alchemy chamber, Ling Han was also about to pass 100 days’ time. In his hands, alchemy had become an art, exuding a kind of beauty to it. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

Pa, he suddenly struck the cauldron strongly. The Nine Heavens Flame flickered slightly, and the cauldron instantly exploded.

“He failed?” Everyone was watching with captivation, and when they saw that the cauldron had abruptly exploded, they were naturally very disappointed.

But that was fine. Being able to hold on for so long until the cauldron exploded, Ling Han would definitely be able to become a One-Star Alchemist without having to try many more times.

Such a young One-Star Alchemist, and added with the halo of being a great prodigy of martial arts... What kind of notion was this?

A new star, this was definitely a super rising star, and was worth being recruited at all costs.

Lu Xianming and the others also breathed out sighs of relief, but they had also become more cautious. They definitely had to get rid of Ling Han as soon as possible. Otherwise, once he had become a One-Star Alchemist, or even a Holy Son, it would really be too difficult.

However, everyone’s expressions changed in the next second.

Though the cauldron had shattered, three alchemical pills were dancing in the alchemy chamber. As if they had sprouted wings, they wanted to flee.

H-he succeeded!

Everyone was dumbfounded. This was really unexpected, and the expressions of Lu Xianming and the others also became incredibly ugly in an instant.

They were aware that a frightening opponent would soon emerge.

Ling Han opened his palm and grabbed the three soaring alchemical pills. With a surge of Origin Power, the three pills obediently stayed in his palm. He pushed the doors open and stepped out, tossing the alchemical pills to an alchemist, and smilingly said, “Please examine.”

Shua, a great many alchemists immediately gathered around.

“Hiss, not only were they successfully concocted, they are also Medium Grade!”

“This young man... are you people sure that he is a martial arts prodigy?”

“I have stayed at the level of One-Star Alchemist for over seven billion years, and have not concocted Medium Grade Celestial pills even now. I practically am an extreme idiot.”

All the alchemists chattered away, incredibly stunned. It was really not easy for an alchemist to emerge, what more this kind of rookie that had risen up so strongly. He was really too f****** scary. This was practically starting from Medium Grade.

“Ling Han?” An alchemy apprentice walked over. He looked to be only 15-16 years old, but his real age would at least have to be over millions and millions of years. The flame of life could not deceive.

Seeing him walk over, everyone bore expressions of seriousness. Even those alchemists were no exception, and they all separated, giving way for him.

They were not revering this alchemy apprentice, but the person he represented.

Alchemist Zi Cheng!