Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1898: Visitor from Thundercloud Palace

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

After the two big shots had reached agreement, the ceremony thus continued to proceed.

Ling Han swept an eye over Lu Jin, and turned to look back at the Holy Sons and Holy Daughters that were gathered. Among them, Lu Xianming was wearing a prideful smile. Ling Han involuntarily showed a smile filled with profound meaning.

Did Lu Xianming think he was a sure winner?

A mere three years—that was indeed not enough time to change anything for others. Even in the Time Cultivation Chamber, it would only be 300 years.

Wasn’t wanting to achieve a great breakthrough in alchemy in a mere 300 years just a joke?

But Ling Han had the Reincarnation Tree, and this was a supreme treasure that was crucial in turning the circumstances around!

‘You, a minor character, can become conceited for a while, but I will soon deal with you.’

Ling Han did not take it to heart. In the first place, Lu Xianming did not have a single trait that was worth his serious notice.

Of course, Ling Han could not just become a Holy Son so easily. He had to display his skill in alchemy. Not only would he have to answer various bizarre questions from some veteran alchemists—of course, they all had to deal with pharmacology and alchemy—he also had to concoct an alchemical pill in public in the end.

After adequately proving his natural talent in alchemy, only then could he be considered to have passed the test, and finally begin the coronation.

The process of coronation was extraordinarily solemn and dignified. Ling Han’s name would be inscribed on the Absolute Beginning Stone of Alchemy City, and when a new chairperson emerged from Holy Sons and Holy Daughters like them, the names of all others would be erased.

Only one person could be listed on the name list of the generations of chairpersons, and the others would be replaced by the next generation of Holy Daughters and Holy Sons.

After Alchemist Zi Cheng announced that Ling Han would be the 10th Holy Son of this generation of Alchemy City, an Immortal Palace Tier elite immediately moved, and began to write down Ling Han’s name on the Absolute Beginning Stone.

It evolved from the Chaos Source Rock, and was incredibly hard. It was usually used to record glorious achievements. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

In the Ancient Realm, the Absolute Beginning Stone was capable of absorbing all attacks, and only Genesis Tier elites were capable of surpassing its limits and damaging it. After coming to the Celestial Realm, there were many more that could damage the Absolute Beginning Stone, but it was still used for the purpose of recording events.

But even for Immortal Palace Tier, he still had to expend a great amount of effort and strength to inscribe a person’s name on it word by word. Otherwise, there would not have been need for an Immortal Palace Tier elite to move personally.

This was not just a question of dignity.

Hong, long, long, a loud ruckus rang out, and a hot cloud of volcanic ash surged at the horizon, and was presently surging over from afar very quickly.

However, was this really volcanic ash? Why would it release a loud commotion like the earth quaking and mountains shaking?

That Immortal Palace Tier elite had been focused and concentrating on inscribing Ling Han’s name initially, but with such a shock, his hand suddenly slipped, and the “Ling” in Ling Han’s name was written at a skewed angle. Though it could still be distinguished as “Ling”, it was extraordinarily and incredibly hideous.

This elite couldn’t help but show an expression of fury. Didn’t they see that he had been inscribing words? Who dared to shock him like this, and succeeded at that!

“Humph!” Alchemist Zi Cheng involuntarily humphed loudly. He raised his head to look at the skies, and loudly called out, “Which clan is it that is so unruly?!”

‘Yi, could it be that this cloud of volcanic ash is an elite?’

Everyone raised their heads and looked. The progress of the cloud of volcanic ash was especially quick. In a short while, it had already surged over. Even if there was still a very far distance away, and even if there were protective formations in place, everyone still felt a frightening wave of heat assail them, and felt a burning pain.

Boom, the flames dissipated, and a colossal warship appeared, rapidly shifting from a quick charge to slowing down. Finally, it remained afloat in midair.

There was shockingly a symbol of lightning on this warship.

“Thundercloud Palace!” Alchemist Zi Cheng couldn’t help but humph lightly, his voice exuding a strong displeasure, while his expression became very solemn.

He had already paid a personal visit to the Thundercloud Palace and Zihe Clan, resolving the grudges that Ling Han had with these two forces. Though the two Celestial King Tier-level forces were still very displeased, with the fact that their heir had been killed in a fair battle, going by logic, they did not mobilize powerful figures to seek Ling Han out for vengeance.

Since Alchemist Zi Cheng had already personally visited to make an apology, and had also given adequate compensation, and most importantly, the Roc Palace was really not easily to be trifled with, the two Celestial King Tier-level forces agreed not to hunt down Ling Han further with much reluctance.

In truth, if Alchemist Zi Cheng had not visited them, they would not have known that the two Ling Han were actually the same person.

But now... the Thundercloud Palace had actually come!

It was very coincidental. Lu Jin had just advanced to a Four-Star Alchemist, and almost ruined the matter of Ling Han becoming a Holy Son, and the Thundercloud Palace had come over now. There was definitely something off about this.

Could it be that the two had colluded with one another?

Alchemist Zi Cheng involuntarily glanced at Lu Jin. Lu Jin’s expression was serene. Not the slightest bit of fluctuation could be seen from his expression.

When one had reached this kind of cultivation level, and stood on this kind of height, they would naturally not reveal anything through their expression.

“Hahahaha, I did not miss the occasion, right?” A loud holler rang out, and a burly man walked down from the skies. He traversed a few miles with every step, and in three or four steps, he had already descended onto the plaza.

This naturally incited the attack of the formations in the city, but when they landed on that person, it only created a series of brilliant sparks, yet had no way at all to wound that person in the slightest.

“Ba Yao!” Alchemist Zi Cheng’s eyes tensed, showing a strong hint of wariness.

Just like how there were First Refinement, Second Refinement, Fifth Refinement, and Seventh Refinement among Four-Star Alchemists, it was naturally the same for cultivation.

This Ba Yao was one of the few Ascending Origin Tier elites of the Thundercloud Palace. When he was young, he had been a Holy Son, and after advancing to the Ascending Origin Tier, he became one of the elders of the Thundercloud Palace. In the past, he was already incredibly aggressive, and defeated a great many Holy Sons and Holy Daughters of other Celestial King Tier-level forces, and was recognized to have a sliver of hope of becoming a Celestial King himself.

Unfortunately, tens of billions of years had passed, and he still plateaued at the Ascending Origin Tier. However, as an Ascending Origin Tier, he was definitely a top-tier existence in terms of battle prowess within the Ascending Origin Tier, just like how there was Seventh Refinement and Eighth Refinement among Four-Star Alchemists, and had the title of being the strongest below the Celestial King Tier.

Of course, whether he was number one or not was merely the praise of some people towards him. In truth, who would know exactly how strong the strongest Ascending Origin Tier was?

“Grandmaster Zi Cheng, Grandmaster Chu Ye, as well as... Grandmaster Lu Jin!” Ba Yao looked towards the four great alchemists, and as his eyes passed over one, he would address them. Finally, his eyes landed on Lu Jin, and he showed a smile.

Both Alchemist Zi Cheng and Ling Han felt a jolt in their hearts. How did this Ba Yao know that Lu Jin had recently become a Four-Star Alchemist?

Clearly, they had communicated with each other since long ago.

This was no cordial visitor.

“So this is the outrageously bold Ling Han?” Ba Yao did not concern himself with the reactions of the four great alchemists, but rather looked towards Ling Han, appearing to be absolutely unrestrained.

He was also qualified to do that. In terms of battle prowess, he was already one of the very best in the Ascending Origin Tier. Furthermore, Alchemy City could not produce Celestial ***** that could help him advance further. Thus, since he had no requests for them, he could be forceful. He did not have to lower his voice and act humbly towards alchemists.

“This junior is indeed Ling Han. As for whether I am outrageously bold or otherwise, that would have to depend on whom I’m facing,” Ling Han answered, neither servile nor overbearing.

Gasp!

Everyone was rendered speechless. This guy actually said being outrageously bold would have to depend on whom he was facing. ‘You are already talking back to an Ascending Origin Tier elite, and this could still not be considered as being outrageously bold?’

“Hehe!” Ba Yao, on the contrary, began to laugh, and then laughed madly. All of a sudden, his laughter came to an abrupt halt as he looked at Ling Han menacingly. “How dare you, violent criminal, actually kill the Holy Son of our sect. Though Grandmaster Zi Cheng has spoken up on your behalf, and capital punishment can be canceled, punishment is inevitable! You, kneel!”