Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1901: Practicing hard

‘What?!’

Everyone was baffled, and could not understand. Why?

Previously Grandmaster Zi Cheng had clearly been compelled to compromise, and agreed to hold the selection for heir three years later, but now Lu Jin was clearly dealt with, and added with Grandmaster Zi Cheng’s present domineering attitude, even if he declared that Ling Han was to directly ascend to the position, there were probably not many people that dared to raise objections.

Even if he did not do that, he could make some changes, and push this time limit backwards, such as 10,000 years, or 100,000 years later. For the others, this time was not long, yet it could allow Ling Han enough time to develop and grow.

Why was he still maintaining the original decision?

This was the difference between Grandmaster Zi Cheng and Lu Jin. He would keep his word!

Everyone was filled with admiration towards Grandmaster Zi Cheng. It was no wonder he could sit in the position of chairperson for so long. Everyone admired him, and merely from this aspect, even Lu Jin had no hope of catching up to him.

Ling Han looked towards Grandmaster Zi Cheng, and saw that the old geezer bore a mysterious smile on his face.

He knew that this was Grandmaster Zi Cheng adding pressure and motivation onto his shoulders.

But everyone had an overly perfect view of Grandmaster Zi Cheng. Ling Han could easily guess. If he still had not reached the height of Lu Xianming and the others after three years, Alchemist Zi Cheng would indeed begin the selection for the heir. However, this selection... could last for one or two years, and could also last for eight to 10 years, or even a few million years.

Who said that he had to decide instantly when he made the selection?

He had been alive for billions of years, so how crafty and wily was he? No, how astute and circumspect was he!

Lu Xianming sighed in relief. He had been worried that he, too, would face accounting, but unexpectedly not only was he safe, the selection for heir three years later would still progress as planned.

He definitely, absolutely would defeat everyone else three years later, and return in boundless glory.

As for now? He just had to keep a low profile. Even if someone stepped on his face, he could not react. He could not allow others to capture the slightest bit of chance to deal with him to avoid losing the right to contest.

Yet he had thought too much. Whether it was Alchemist Zi Cheng or Ling Han, they had never taken him to heart before.

“Continue!” Grandmaster Zi Cheng waved a hand, and sat back down. He closed his eyes like he was a weary old man.

But who would dare to underestimate him?

He had sent a king tier of Ascending Origin Tier away, and exiled a Four-Star Alchemist. Just how domineering without compare was this?

The ceremony began.

One after another, the representatives of three-star forces and four-star forces took their turns to approach to express their congratulations for Ling Han, as well as offer heavy gifts—at first, there were not so many, but seeing how Grandmaster Zi Cheng doted on Ling Han, they added a considerable number at the last moment.

Ling Han was not reserved, and accepted all he was given. The more, the better. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

This caused Grandmaster Zi Cheng who occasionally swept a glance over him to feel incredibly gratified. His little disciple really had his bearing, valuing wealth as much as his own life.

Good, very good!

First, it was four-star forces, and they were followed by three-star forces. Those like the representatives of Lunar Sect and Beiyu Clan all offered their congratulations, and gave rich gifts to Ling Han, but the expressions on their faces were naturally incredibly awkward.

To deliver gifts and congratulate their enemy, and they had to be all smiles at that... This really made them feel awkward.

But what could be done? He was the Holy Son of a four-star force, and he could simply send out any Ascending Origin Tier elite, and that would be enough to conquer them.

Their only hope was that Ling Han could forget past events.

“You guys can prepare some more Godly metal. I am a very forgetful person,” Ling Han said, smiling slightly.

The representative of the Lunar Sect and the others were all dumbfounded. Who would have thought that Ling Han would actually blackmail them in public?

Thankfully, thankfully... As long as you were willing to demand benefits, grudges were easily resolved. Furthermore, Godly metal wasn’t anything too valuable. Pseudo-Divine Metal was truly priceless, and Divine Metal was really exorbitant. There were not even many Celestial Kings that could take that out.

The status of the Fu Clan was comparatively too low. Their turn came at the very, very end, and only then were they allowed to offer their congratulations.

“Holy Son Ling, congratulations!” Fu Gaoyun bowed deeply, his heart feeling incredibly rueful.

Ling Han was really too amazing.

Meanwhile, Fu Xiaoyun looked dejected. When Ling Han and the Fu Clan had turned hostile, it was already determined that there was absolutely no possibility for anything to develop between them.

Ling Han deliberately conversed a while longer with Fu Gaoyun, giving him enough face.

As expected, when Fu Gaoyun stepped back, a considerable number of people gathered around and asked him all sorts of questions. They were all probing into his relations with Ling Han. Being able to become a friend of this popular Holy Son, he was naturally worth enticing.

In this way, it should be practically a sure thing that Fu Gaoyun would inherit the position of clan leader for the Fu Clan in future.

To friends, Ling Han had always been selfless. If he could help them, he would do all he could.

Situ Xiaozhen walked over, her expression filled with strong curiosity. “Er, your a$$—”

“Stop, stop, stop!” Ling Han hurriedly interrupted her. “I’m perfectly fine, and there is no need for you to worry about me!”

“Che, being so secretive, you must be guilty of something!” Situ Xiaozhen mumbled, yet Situ Tang pulled her to one side.

Xiang Yan also gave Ling Han a few words of encouragement. In the past, he had thought highly of Ling Han, but never could have imagined that Ling Han could become the Holy Son of Alchemy City one day, which made him feel very rueful.

The ceremony lasted for three days, and Ling Han was tired from receiving the many gifts he had been given.

After this ended, Ling Han immediately had the Divine Demon Sword swallow all the Godly metal. Unfortunately, it was still not enough to push the Divine Demon Sword into the level of four-star Pseudo-Divine Metal.

He and the Empress both began their seclusion.

They all had the same goal, and that was to reach the peak stage of fourth severance first, and then break through to the fifth severance. Furthermore, Ling Han had another task, and that was to become a Two-Star Alchemist within three years, and try as hard as he could to reach Third Refinement in his Spirit Refinement.

In that way, he would not be the slightest bit inferior to the other Holy Sons and Holy Daughters anymore, and it would be clear whose Spirit Refinement had higher standards by then.

Ling Han first entered into the Black Tower, and began comprehending the Two-Star pill recipe underneath the Reincarnation Tree.

This had taken him “30,000 years”, and then he entered into the Time Cultivation Chamber to proceed on concocting alchemical pills.

Occasionally, he would ask for guidance from Alchemist Zi Cheng, and because his improvement was rapid, Grandmaster Zi Cheng would treat him with care every time.

...This little disciple of his really could possibly become a Two-Star Alchemist three years later. Then, he would not need to play any more tricks. He really could immediately select the heir, while he himself could retreat in peace, where he could concoct alchemical pills and teach disciples.

That was right. He would have to let his little disciple have a few more children. He wanted to develop even more outstanding alchemists.

Taking advantage of the fact that Ling Han was in seclusion, he began to choose a consort for Ling Han. She definitely had to have a certain skill at alchemy. In this way, with the combination of the bloodlines of both father and mother, only would it be possible to have children that surpassed their parents.

Ling Han naturally knew nothing of this. Otherwise, it was possible that he would flee out of Alchemy City.

Inside the Black Tower, time flew by underneath the Reincarnation Tree.

When two and a half years had passed in the outside world, Ling Han finally succeeded, and concocted his first Two-Star Celestial pill.

After informing Grandmaster Zi Cheng, he did not stop, and immediately began his Spirit Refinement.

Second Refinement, this was the target that he had to reach.

He did not neglect his cultivation, either. Grandmaster Zi Cheng was incredibly concerned about this little disciple of his, and bombarded him with cultivation resources like they were worth nothing.

He did not use the resources of Alchemy City. The majority of it came from Grandmaster Zi Cheng’s own private pocket.

...It should be known that Grandmaster Zi Cheng really had a good acumen for making money. As he was a Four-Star Grandmaster, added with the accumulation of wealth over so many years, his wealth was unimaginable!

And this had pushed Ling Han all the way to fourth severance late stage. The Empress had reached the fourth severance peak stage because she only had to focus on cultivation, but to break through to the fifth severance was not something possible by just working hard on cultivation. A turning point was needed.

And right at this time, a messenger arrived at Alchemy City.