Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1904: Giving up?

There was another person filled with confidence, and that was Ou Kan.

He did not have any essence, or any plant-aligned divided soul, but his skill in alchemy was indeed the most outstanding of all the Holy Sons and Holy Daughters.

Though they were similarly Two-Star Alchemists, and similarly could only reach Second Refinement, the grade of his completed pill could reach High Grade, surpassing the starting point of Medium Grade and Low Grade of the others, and in terms of Spirit Refinement, his standard of First Refinement had gained the praise of all alchemists.

...Every round of Spirit Refinement was extremely important. It did not mean that Second Refinement was more important just because it was harder than First Refinement.

That was not the case. Every instance of Spirit Refinement was increasing the grade of the Celestial pill. Every time was of utmost importance. It was just that after the first Spirit Refinement, it was as if the alchemical pill had also gained “immunity”, which led to the increase in difficulty of Spirit Refinement.

With just his First Refinement, he was worthy enough to look down on 99 percent of all alchemists. Otherwise, how could he be able to become a Holy Son?

And now these 10 people here each had to have their respective strengths. After all, Holy Daughters and Holy Sons represented the prestige of a force.

In the alchemy chamber, the 10 of them first concocted Celestial pills.

Some were delighted, while some were distressed because they did not bear up to the pressure, and the grade of the alchemical pill that they had concocted was too poor. Originally, they could have reached Medium Grade, and now it had actually fallen down to Low Grade.

Among them, Ou Kan was naturally the proudest of himself. The alchemical pill in his hands had reached High Grade, which corresponded to his abilities. He had not performed below standard due to pressure.

“The position of future chairperson is definitely in the bag!” he said at a volume that only he could hear. “Ling Han, Lu Xianming, just you two wait, when I am promoted, that will be the day the two of you die!”

Compared to concocting alchemical pills, the time taken for Spirit Refinement would be much shorter. If one did not fail, half a day’s time was enough, and Second Refinement would only need the short time of just a day.

Thus, for those whose alchemical pill had not reached their expected grade, they began their Second Refinement. The time of slightly over three months was enough for everyone to concoct their pills three times.

Additionally, Spirit Refinement only needed to fail, and it would mean the alchemical pill was worthless. Thus, even for those who had concocted alchemical pills that were ideal, they would have to concoct a few more in response to the possibility of failure of Spirit Refinement. However, they were not in a rush. They completely could concoct pills, Spirit-Refine, and decide whether to continue concocting the next cauldron of alchemical pills based on the circumstances.

A month later, Ou Kan was the first to end his test. He pushed open the doors of the alchemy chamber and walked out, his face wearing an incredibly confident smile.

For the pill that he had concocted, the basic grade was High Grade, and had undergone two times of Spirit Refinement. Its First Refinement was perfect, and Second Refinement was ordinary. Altogether, this result was a great breakthrough. Hence, that was why he was so filled with confidence.

After merely a while, Lu Xianming also pushed open the doors and walked out similarly filled with confidence, his hand bearing an alchemical pill.

The starting point of the alchemical pill he had concocted was Medium Grade, but because it had merged with the Scarce Earth Essence, it had reached perfection after two rounds of Spirit Refinement!

This was more or less the same result as Ou Kan’s, but his advantage was that he was younger. If their results were the same, it would naturally be him winning.

Another while later, Qin Guyu also came out. Her expression was filled with weariness, but her eyes were extremely bright.

She was holding a Celestial pill in her hand, and she had sealed the aura of the alchemical pill with her own cultivation so that it did not seep out, and did not show the alchemical pill to others. She wanted to astound everyone instantly. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

None of them were anxious, and all were all filled with self-confidence as they turned to look towards the remaining seven alchemy chambers.

These were alchemy chambers that were deliberately used for observation and competition. Thus, the walls on all four sides were transparent to viewers on the outside, yet those inside could not see what was outside. In this way, those outside could observe, while at the same time those that were inside could focus without distraction.

“He, what is he doing!” Someone suddenly pointed to the alchemy chamber that Ling Han was in, his expression incredibly astonished.

That was because after Ling Han had concocted an alchemical pill, he actually looked it over, gave a few sniffs, and then directly squeezed it to nothing.

This definitely could not be a failed pill!

Firstly, if the pill concoction had failed, there could not possibly have been an alchemical pill left behind, and secondly, from the color and luster of this alchemical pill, it had to have reached the extent of Medium Grade at least, and Ling Han actually destroyed it. What did that mean?

Everyone heard him, and turned to look in that direction. They were all extremely stunned, and did not understand what Ling Han was playing at.

Were you giving up?

“Humph!” Lu Xianming, Qin Guyu, and Ou Kan all looked cold. This brat was indeed incapable. It had only been a mere three years, so what heights could he actually manage to reach?

The pill concocted had to be a One-Star alchemical pill, and that was why he had directly destroyed it to avoid being embarrassed.

Then why had he still come then?

What a joke, such a huge ruckus had been caused previously, so if he cowered now, how would he be able to face others in future?

Thus, he pretended to concoct an alchemical pill. In any case, he was in a separate room, so everyone could only see if he had successfully concocted an alchemical pill or not, but had no idea exactly what kind of alchemical pill he had concocted. Thus, he could completely use something inferior to pull a bluff over their eyes.

There was absolutely no need to treat him as a worthy rival.

Aside from Ling Han, the other six people did not immediately come out, either. Instead, after they had completed their pill, they began concocting the second alchemical pill, hoping to concoct a better alchemical pill, and improve their Spirit Refinement so that their results could be improved.

Another month later, another three Holy Sons pushed open the doors and exited, and now there were only four people left that were still continuing to concoct alchemical pills.

Unexpectedly, Ling Han concocted his second cauldron of Celestial pill, and then destroyed it himself again.

As expected, what this guy had concocted had to be a One-Star alchemical pill, and that was why he did not dare to show the alchemical pill he had concocted to others at all!

Not only Lu Xianming and the others had this kind of thought, even the many alchemists gathered here thought the same. Only Alchemist Zi Cheng showed a hint of admiration.

He naturally knew of Ling Han’s strength in making alchemical pills. The alchemical pill that he had concocted the first two times definitely had to reach Two Stars, and the latest grade was definitely better than the last, so why had he destroyed it then?

This was Ling Han giving himself pressure, forcing himself to make a breakthrough in a very short amount of time. For the third cauldron, he not only had to succeed, but the grade of the completed pill had to further improve as well!

Harsh, he was really harsh on himself!

Alchemist Zi Cheng really admired this disciple of his too much. Even if others were going to concoct three cauldrons, the completed pill of the last two cauldrons would definitely not be discarded, either. Instead, they would choose the best out of the three cauldrons.

As for Ling Han?

He had forced himself into dire straits, but at the same time, this was also proof of Ling Han’s strong self-confidence. He would definitely produce better results from this third cauldron.

Only one that had this kind of self-confidence and determination was worthy of being his disciple and ascending to the pinnacle of alchemy!

Alchemist Zi Cheng stroked his beard and smiled slightly. Even if Ling Han had really failed, he would think of some way to resolve this issue. ‘So what? I am that shameless. If you can, come and bite me.’

Lu Xianming and the others were even more contemptuous. It had been a mere three years, and there was indeed no need to take Ling Han seriously as a rival. They had really thought too highly of this person.

Ling Han thought of nothing else, and focused completely on alchemy. At present, his spirit was in a kind of incredibly subtle condition, close to being ethereal. This filled him with confidence. Every cauldron of alchemical pill he concocted would be better than the last.

When he concocted his third cauldron, he had the urge to destroy it and concoct another cauldron again, but he suddenly recalled with a shiver that this was a test, and he could not afford to be rash anymore.

He quickly stopped, and began Spirit Refinement.

There were a total of three completed pills in this cauldron. After Ling Han’s First Refinement, he shook his head, and directly tossed the alchemical pill. Then, he drew out the second one and continued Spirit Refinement, but in the end, he had still thrown it away.

There was only the last one left.