Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1912: How could you possibly be an alchemist

Shang Da was a Holy Son of White Sun Sect. Though he wasn’t outstanding or unique as Yan Xianlu, the fact that he managed to become the Holy Son of a Sixth Heaven Celestial King Tier-level sect meant that his natural talent in cultivation naturally could not be doubted.

If he really had any weaknesses, then he was just a little bit of a Casanova, but what man was not a Casanova?

He moved in fury. Boom, a fiery flame surged out of his body, turning into multiple Immortal Beasts. Each Immortal Beast was formed from patterns of great dao.

In comparison, Zhao Qingfeng was practically trash!

Ling Han’s figure moved, primarily focusing on evasion, calling out loudly as he did. “As a great Holy Son, it is not enough that you take advantage of others, you want to kill others to keep the secret from leaking!”

This shout instantly drew the eyes of a great many. Some of them even bore expressions of great disdain—they did not know the heads and tails of the story, but had only seen that Shang Da had indeed been holding onto Ling Han’s feet.

This was really a strange fetish.

Shang Da’s face immediately flushed red. He knew that those with a little intelligence would not believe rumors. As long as one had a healthy brain, they would know that he, Shang Da, liked women. How could he possibly grope a man’s feet on purpose?

But now with so many eyes looking at him strangely, he could not calm himself no matter how hard he tried.

“You damn brat, I am going to kill you!” he roared, easily angered by Ling Han.

This person... was he really the Holy Son of the White Sun Sect?

Everyone looked at Shang Da who was repeatedly bellowing angrily, their eyes filled with suspicion. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

How could a Holy Son, and one that had not come from an ordinary Celestial King Tier-level force, but from a Sixth Heaven Celestial King Tier super-powerful force, be so easily angered?

Heavens, how could this kind of person possibly become a Holy Son?

How could they possibly know that Ling Han’s mouth could even drive a Celestial King to fume with rage, what more a Holy Son.

However, everyone soon showed expressions of shock. This time, it was not because of Shang Da, but rather Ling Han.

This young man... was very strong.

Though he had been dodging all this while, it had to be known that being capable of dodging and not countering at all, and still managing to ensure he himself was completely unharmed was something whose difficulty level far surpassed merely parrying an opponent’s blows.

Which also meant that Ling Han’s true strength was definitely not inferior to Shang Da’s, and had even surpassed his!

Heavens!

How could this be?

Very soon, they recognized him. Ling Han was the Holy Son that had been selected this time from Alchemy City, but what kind of place of Alchemy City? Setting aside the fact that it was just a four-star force, even if it was a First Heaven Celestial King Tier-level sect, how could it possibly compare to the White Sun Sect?

Moreover, shouldn’t the Holy Son of Alchemy City be an alchemist?

They had thought that Yan Xianlu only prized Ling Han’s natural talent in alchemy. This was not strange. Yan Xianlu had not advanced to the Celestial King Tier yet, and had use of Ling Han. However, only now did they know that it turned out that Ling Han’s strength in cultivation was also astonishingly strong, capable of being their equal, or even stronger than that.

They could not accept this. They were a group that were born prodigies in cultivation, and actually could not compare to an alchemist.

‘F*ck!’

At this moment, they were more united than ever before. They all hoped that Shang Da could defeat Ling Han. Otherwise, they would also feel ashamed.

However, no matter what kind of celestial techniques Shang Da used, he could do nothing to Ling Han, and what depressed him even further was the fact that while he and Ling Han had already exchanged almost 100 moves, the truth was there had yet to be solid contact even once between the two of them... aside from the very beginning, when he had accidentally gripped Ling Han’s feet.

Ptui, ptui, ptui.

“Do you just know how to dodge and hide?” Shang Da tried to provoke him. “You’re as cowardly as a mouse, I really have no idea why you are even cultivating.”

“In any case, it is not for the sake of groping men’s feet,” Ling Han retorted smilingly.

When Shang Da heard this, his fury immediately rose up again.

‘You still dare say it, you still dare to say it, I will kill you!’

In his hands, multiple celestial techniques were channeled, changing into the channeling of great dao. He was indeed deserving of being an heir that a Sixth Heaven Celestial King Tier-level sect had focused on nurturing. If Zhao Qingfeng had exchanged blows with him, the former would definitely have fallen into a disadvantage within 100 moves. If it had been a duel to the death, he would definitely have died within 1,000 moves.

In simpler words, his battle prowess was about the same as the Empress’.

Too bad, the person he had encountered was Ling Han.

Even if Yan Xianlu suppressed his cultivation level to the fourth severance, it would be still undecided who would win in a clash with Ling Han.

Yan Xianlu had been born on the Celestial Path, and this was indeed very awesome. However, Ling Han was not ordinary, either. He had two Source Powers of heaven and earth, and also had an amazing technique that was at least at the Ninth Heaven Celestial King Tier’s level like the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll, and finally, he had been tempered by Celestial King Tier flames, making up for the final shortcoming of his physique. He was completely not inferior in any way to the highest-grade Holy Son.

Shang Da... was already not enough.

Ling Han sighed. He initially only wanted to use Shang Da to temper himself, but the height that he was standing at presently was a little frightening. Even the heir that had been nurtured by a Sixth Heaven Celestial King Tier sect could not give him the slightest bit of pressure.

“Little Dada, you are a little weak!” He was speaking honestly. If the other’s strength was close to his, then the two of them could engage in a brilliant battle with their full efforts. Who knew, it might help him to push open the doors to the fifth severance.

Shang Da was stomping mad with fury. This guy actually dared to mock him. He really didn’t know what the word death meant.

“You asked for this!” His right hand shook, and a silver spear about three meters long appeared in his hands. Immediately, a murderous aura rippled out, which was very terrifying.

Ling Han’s expression also changed slightly. He could sense that this spear had the ability to wound him.

The precious spear might be at the Dividing Soul Tier’s level. Even in the hands of a fourth severance, it could not unleash its full might, but it was still incredibly sharp, and could pose a threat to even his physique.

“Quite interesting.” Ling Han was interested now, his eyes shining.

“It’s not just interesting, it’s going to send you on your way!” Shang Da was completely unreserved. So what if he was the Holy Son of Alchemy City? If he was killed, he was killed. He did not believe that Alchemy City would dare charge to the White Sun Sect and demand an explanation. That would only be seeking their own humiliation.

Shua, the silver spear flourished like a silver dragon, and it shook the skies. One by one, patterns of great dao on the spear’s body danced, tearing rips into space itself.

This definitely was not a Pseudo-Celestial Tool that was Yang soul or Yin soul in level, but rather something even stronger than that!

It was fine even if Shang Da could not unleash the full might of the Pseudo-Celestial Tool—the grade of this spear itself was too high. If one was even touched by the patterns on it, even one with Ling Han’s physique would just barely be able to withstand it. Having lacerations would only be a matter of course.

Though Ling Han was not afraid of the other’s strength, he did not dare underestimate this Pseudo-Celestial Tool. Immediately, he, too, drew the Divine Demon Sword, slashing out at the silver spear.

Weng!

The two precious Tools clashed, releasing a thunderous sound that was strong enough to shake the galaxy. The rocks around all floated about three meters in the air, and then rapidly turned against the power of gravity to shoot at the skies, gathering into a black and dense tornado.

Shang Da’s whole person was also sent flying. The silver spear in his hands was extremely frightening, but his own strength was greatly inferior to Ling Han’s. In a head-on confrontation, it was naturally impossible that he could be a match for the other party.

Seeing this scene, everyone’s expression shifted. Though they had guessed that Ling Han’s strength could possibly be even stronger, they could ultimately only believe it now that they had witnessed it with their own eyes.

F***, how could he possibly be an alchemist?