Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1914: Niu is here again

Ling Han looked at the Empress, and smilingly asked, “We take one each?”

“All right!” The Empress nodded.

Ling Han faced Gu Fei, while the Empress faced Zhang Yun.

The two manifestations immediately launched an offensive. Boom, celestial techniques surged out, incredibly frightening.

These two manifestations were not that strong. They were both ordinary emperor tier-level, and Ling Han and the Empress should be able to suppress them easily. However, the environment here was unique, so Ling Han and the Empress still had to endure such frightening pressure. Meanwhile, the two manifestations were formed by the environment here in the first place, so they would naturally not be affected at all.

In this way, the couple was a little strained.

After fighting for a very long time, the pair finally defeated them. The manifestations immediately turned back into fog, and dispersed on the mountain.

“People that the Eternal Prosperity Celestial King thought worth remembering do indeed have some strength,” Ling Han said.

The Empress nodded. Going by the usual trend, the closer they were to the finish line, the stronger their opponents would certainly be. From the beginning, they had already faced two emperor tiers, and added with the violent pressure of this place, how were they supposed to... manage the rest of the way?

Since this was where the Eternal Prosperity Celestial King had achieved Dao, then among the opponents that he had encountered on his whole way here, there would definitely be Dividing Soul Tier, Immortal Palace Tier, and Ascending Origin Tier elites. Only one of these existences had to appear, and Ling Han and the Empress could only fall back in defeat.

Going by that reasoning, even fifth severance could only feel powerless and incompetent. How could they possibly reach the summit?

“This kind of thing would definitely not happen. Otherwise, the Eternal Prosperity Celestial King would not have Yan Xianlu come here,” Ling Han immediately said.

“When we reach the summit, we will naturally find out.” The Empress’s confidence was not affected.

“However, the Eternal Prosperity Celestial King really does seem to have been cursed. In this whole epoch, he is still an eighth heaven Celestial King.”

“...It’s probably just a coincidence, maybe.”

The two of them continued onward, but they had not walked too far when fog entwined, and another change took place.

“Yi Wushang, I, Shang Dong, have come for a battle!”

“I, Dong Ziqi, have come to ask for some guidance!”

The fog manifested into two tall and formidable-looking men who were exuding a brightness that surged skywards. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The battle immediately commenced. Ling Han and the Empress still picked one opponent each. This time, they spent an even longer time to defeat the two of them.

They exchanged a look, both nodding their heads.

As expected, the opponents were getting stronger and stronger.

This was also very logical. Opponents of the same cultivation level had been defeated by the Eternal Prosperity Celestial King, so how could they possibly all be remembered?

Therefore, each of the opponents here would be stronger than the last.

This was very normal. It was definitely Severing Mundane Tiers that numbered the most in the world. Thus, the chances of meeting the most excellent among them would be limited, but after advancing into the Dividing Soul Tier, the whole circle would abruptly shrink greatly, and the situation would be different.

And then onwards to the Immortal Palace Tier and Ascending Origin Tier, and the number of prodigies would be decreasing drastically, each more outstanding than the last.

The two of them set off, and not long after, two opponents appeared once more ahead of them.

There was only one thing left to do... and that was battle!

Ling Han and the Empress practically did not stop at all, and battled all the way on their journey. They could feel that some kind of change was taking place inside them, like something in their bodies was improving to another level.

Two months, three months, five months... Time slowly crept by. The aura here did not change much such as suddenly becoming so incredibly terrifying that Severing Mundane Tiers were not worthy of even taking another step forwards.

And this extensive time had also far exceeded Ling Han and the Empress’s expectations. It should also have exceeded everyone else’s expectations. Half a year had passed, and they actually still hadn’t managed to climb up to the summit of a mountain peak.

This was not because Three Yang Peak was too tall, but rather because their whole journey was not peaceful at all. They were endlessly battling and battling.

The only benefit was that whatever opponent appeared, they were all only in the Severing Mundane Tier.

“This should have been deliberately planned out. Going by logic, it is impossible that the Eternal Prosperity King had only exchanged blows with Severing Mundane Tiers.”

“En, we are in the Severing Mundane Tier, so our opponents are also only Severing Mundane Tiers. Furthermore, they are all in the range of the fourth severance, but each is stronger than the last. Going by this trend, it really is possible that a fifth severance opponent would appear.”

“I am really quite expectant.”

The two of them had forgotten the so-called great fortune at the summit. If they could break through to the fifth severance, this would be the most crucial step of their lifetimes, signifying that they advanced into the level of monarch tier. Otherwise, there would still be a great gap between them and top-grade prodigies.

Then just continue battling!

In another place.

Peng, Yan Xianlu defeated his opponent with a single punch. It turned back into fog. His expression was calm and filled with confidence. That was the self-confidence and calmness that he was born with.

He knew more than the others about the situation here, and furthermore, he was sure that he definitely would be the first person to reach the summit.

He said that he had no fear of contest, and this was indeed one of the reasons. He was confident that he was invincible among his peers. However, the greatest fortune would appear once in an epoch on Three Yang Peak, so he had to fight and compete with a great many top grade prodigies, and the path of achieving dao of the Eternal Prosperity Celestial King would make a reappearance.

...Defeating all the prodigies in the world, stepping on the heads of prodigies to reach the apex.

Only in this way would he draw a resonance from the heaven and earth, and gain a great fortune.

It was not increasing one’s cultivation level, but effecting a change from the essence.

For example, he himself was Celestial Dao Physique, born with an affinity with Dao. He could learn any celestial technique upon his first attempt, but as long as it was not the genuine great dao, there would be space for improvement. He wanted to use this kind of great fortune to improve his physique so that it was closer to great dao.

In this way, only would he be worthy of contesting with those several heaven-defying freaks.

If someone knew Yan Xianlu’s thoughts, they would definitely feel very shocked. For Yan Xianlu to call someone a heaven-defying freak, what kind of world-shaking character did this have to be?

On the other side, though Lao Song and Shan Jitong were also unmatched on their whole way here, they did not know the detailed situation of this place, nor did they know if the other two monarch tiers had been the first to arrive at the summit, so it was inevitable that they would feel slightly anxious.

The person they were the most worried about was naturally Yan Xianlu. This person was called King of the Celestial Path. This was a supreme compliment.

To contest with this kind of person, by nature, they would be slightly inferior.

***

At the foot of the mountain peak.

“Hahahaha!” Amidst a bout of loud laughter, a young girl leaped down from a Dragonhawk. Placing her hands at the sides of her mouth, she loudly called out, “Ling Han, Niu is here!”

“Young Imperial Empress, don’t be so loud!” There was a middle-aged woman by her side, and she hurriedly moved to stop her.

This naturally was Hu Niu.

She placed her hands at her hips, and complained, “You’re so noisy! So noisy! From day to night, it is always you can’t do this, you can’t do that! Then Niu doesn’t want to be any stupid Imperial Empress, either. Come on, then, I’ll hand it back to you!”

The middle-aged empress couldn’t help but chuckle bitterly. This Young Imperial Empress really could not let anyone rest at ease. Why was there no one that could restrain her?

“Young Imperial Empress, Ling Han has already been dragged into an Ascending Origin Tier great battle. Since he was pulled into the conflict, he would definitely be unable to survive,” she advised. “This Ling Han should only be someone sharing the same name. It would be better for us to hurry on back to Roc Palace to avoid any side issues from arising.”

“No! No!” Hu Niu shook her head frantically. “If you want to go back, go back on your own! I don’t want to! Furthermore, you short-sighted people have completely no idea how powerful Niu’s Ling Han is! He won’t die!”

“Young Imperial Empress—”

Weng!

An unknown aura undulated, creating multiple ripples in the air. A myriad of colors actually surged in the skies, as if they were elated and excited.

The beautiful middle-aged woman immediately showed a solemn expression, and directed a question at the skies. “Since the Eternal Prosperity King is here, why do you not show yourself?”