Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1915: Apparently right but actually wrong

A strange warping appeared in the air, and then a man was seen stepping out of thin air.

He was dressed in black robes, and looked to be only in his twenties. His complexion was as fair as jade, his eyes incredibly soft, giving comfort to anyone who saw him.

There seemed to be nothing exceptional about this kind of person, aside from the fact that he looked a little handsome and more refined.

So he was the Eternal Prosperity Celestial King?

“You are Lu Hairong, right?” the man in black robes asked, showing a nostalgic expression. “The little girl that had been at the side of Fairy Yiyun years ago. I have not thought that you were already a fourth heaven Celestial King by now.”

This person was indeed the Eternal Prosperity Celestial King. Otherwise, how could he possibly speak such boastful words?

The middle-aged woman, Lu Hairong, curtsied slightly towards the man in black robes, and said, “Lu Hairong pays respectful greetings to Lord Eternal Prosperity!”

There were nine heavens in the Celestial King Tier, and each level brought one closer to ascending the heavens. Even though she was already a fourth heaven Celestial King, she was still very far away from reaching the level of the Eternal Prosperity Celestial King. Naturally, she could only consider herself as his junior. Furthermore, the generation of the Eternal Prosperity Celestial King was indeed considerably older than hers.

However, this was only a sliver of divine sense of the Eternal Prosperity Celestial King. It was unknown where his real body was. Lu Hairong could still confirm this fact.

The Eternal Prosperity Celestial King waved her off, indicating that she needed not be overly courteous. Then, he turned to look at Hu Niu, and said, “Is this Leaning Clouds Celestial King’s reincarnation? Yi, that’s not right!” He set his eyes on Hu Niu, his eyes exuding an astonishing brightness.

Hu Niu was displeased now, and said, “Uncle, don’t you know that it is very impolite to look at others like that?”

The Eternal Prosperity Celestial King faltered, and then laughed loudly. Shaking his head, he said, “No, no, you are indeed not Yiyun! You only possess her natural talent and martial imprint, but the two of you are definitely two different people.

“Looks like it was true that Yiyun had been killed in an ambush.”

He appeared to feel that it was a great pity. “Fairy Yiyun was exquisite, beautiful, and supremely graceful. What Celestial King would not willingly submit to her? It is such a pity that the heavens were jealous of her beauty, envious of her exquisiteness!” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Hu Niu mumbled, “Damn uncle, you want to be an old cow that eats young grass[1].”

With how sharp the Eternal Prosperity Celestial King’s hearing was, this naturally could be heard clearly. Involuntarily, his expression became strange. Though Hu Niu possessed a great many traits of the Leaning Clouds Celestial King, and was also world-shakingly beautiful, she had a completely different style than the Leaning Clouds Celestial King.

To Yiyun, he was filled with adoration, but to Hu Niu, he only felt the doting that a senior would feel towards a junior, and not the slightest inappropriate thought rose up in him.

The Leaning Clouds Celestial King of the past had enchanted practically all male Celestial Kings, and the Eternal Prosperity Celestial King was also one of them. Now, when he looked at Hu Niu, he had turned this adoration into doting indulgence, seeing Hu Niu as his own child.

“It can’t be that you have come to crash the party, right?” the Eternal Prosperity Celestial King asked smilingly. In front of Hu Niu, he was also less severe, and actually began to joke around.

“How could we dare to!” Lu Hairong hurriedly asserted. “This junior is only here to accompany Young Imperial Empress. How could I possibly dare offend my lord’s great might?” The other could joke around, but she could not. This was the difference between one in a high-ranking position and one that was in a lower rank.

The Eternal Prosperity Celestial King smiled, and said, “This peak is where I achieved dao. An epoch has passed, and heaven and earth has resonated. There is considerable fortune to be had here. This little girl can go and give it a try, and you can just wait here.”

“As you command!” Lu Hairong answered respectfully.

He was an eighth heaven Celestial King, and there was only one person in the Roc Palace that could intimidate him. Furthermore, Grand Elder was bearing Dao injury. A full-out battle would definitely affect her injuries. In fact, it was even possible for her to die after a battle.

Aside from this, there was no other elite that was eighth heaven Celestial King Tier-level in the Roc Palace.

“Go on.” The Eternal Prosperity Celestial King waved Hu Niu onwards.

“Who needs you to be so noisy?” Hu Niu pouted, and headed towards the summit.

“Ling Han! Ling Han! Ling Han!”

She was laughing loudly as she ran up the mountain. Again, a great many years had passed since their last meeting, and she missed him very much.

Though she was the last to appear, and was half a year later than all the others before her, her strength was incredibly frightening. She ran on the mountain like she was running on flat land.

The Eternal Prosperity Celestial King watched her from behind, and couldn’t help but show a gratified expression. “As expected of the one who has inherited Yiyun’s natural talent. in a battle of equals, there should be only less than 10 that can defeat her.”

Immediately, Lu Hairong looked defiant. This was an unconventional reincarnation of the previous Imperial Empress, and she was actually still unable to be invincible among her peers?

And she had yet to advance into the Celestial King Tier. Those that Hu Niu could encounter would only be prodigies of the present generation, and there were still about 10 people that were stronger than her?

How could this be believed?

Going by that account, when Hu Niu became a ninth heaven Celestial King, wouldn’t there be countless people that were stronger than her? It had to be known that the true greatest prodigies in history would definitely all have advanced into ninth heaven Celestial King Tier, or practically would not die. As long as they existed for a long enough time in the Celestial Realm, this number would be astonishingly great.

“Hehe.” The Eternal Prosperity Celestial King merely laughed faintly, but did not argue with Lu Hairong. In his eyes, she was only a junior. There was really no need for him to argue with someone that was less knowledgeable.

***

Zhang Ya, a prodigy that had just recently risen up.

Of course, to say “newly risen” or “recently” in the Celestial Realm could very possibly mean within the last 100,000 years, or even the last 1,000,000 years. Zhang Ya had always kept a low profile before the fourth severance, but after breaking through to the fourth severance, he had stunned the masses, and could not be stopped once he had started.

If that had not been the case, he would not have been worthy of being invited by Yan Xianlu.

He was panting slightly. All the opponents he had encountered on his journey were incredibly strong, and could only be defeated when he had used his full efforts. He had no choice but to stop to rest and recover his vitality. Otherwise, if he was not in his prime condition, it would not be possible for him to defeat his next opponent.

There was a smile on his face. He was confident that his present speed had definitely surpassed the majority.

...On their way here, they had all separated, and the mountain was entwined in clouds and fog, blocking vision and divine sense. There was no way to see any trace of the others at all.

As a prodigy, he naturally had soaring confidence.

He rested for a while, and when he felt he had rested just about enough, he stood up. However, just when he was thinking of setting off, he paused slightly. He discovered that some kind of commotion was coming from behind him.

As a qualified elite, he immediately turned around, standing in a defensive position.

Someone was actually charging up from behind him!

Who was it?

Zhang Ya was internally stunned. With his kind of speed, someone actually still managed to catch up to him?

This was simply unfathomable!

He wanted to see who it was, and then battle him. This was possibly the first strongest opponent that would be contesting with him.

“Out of the way! Out of the way!” Amidst a feminine demand, a figure appeared from behind him. This was a world-shakingly beautiful young girl. Her hair was glossy and black, and floated around her like a cloud.

Zhang Ya’s expression immediately changed greatly, looking as if he had seen a ghost.

It was not that he had been stunned by the young girl’s exquisite beauty... though she was indeed so beautiful that it did not seem real. More importantly, there was actually a huge group of people behind her that were pursuing her!

He was familiar with all these people because every single one of them were memory manifestations that he had battled with for a very long time. All of them had astonishing battle prowess. He had expended a lot of effort to deal with them. For this kind of opponent, he would be in deep trouble if two appeared at the same time, what more when there was a whole group of them now.

This young girl... was she seeking death?

Peng! Peng!

The young girl only used her bare fists, but she was still incredibly fierce and powerful. One punch, and one of the memory manifestations would be blasted back, yet her own speed was practically unaffected as she charged towards Zhang Ya.

Boom, Zhang Ya then saw a jade-like fist crashing towards him. It was obviously captivatingly beautiful, but was filled with supreme force. A pattern of great dao was presently flickering on the surface of the fist, as if a single punch could destroy worlds.

“I am not— ah!” He was just about to say that he was not a manifestation, but was sent flying by this punch.

He really wanted to cry.

[1] This saying is referring to a romance where one is significantly older than his or her partner.