Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1916: The formidable Hu Niu

There were definitely a string of curses racing through Zhang Ya’s mind.

What did he do?

Peng, peng, peng. Those memory manifestations all stepped on him as they continued their pursuit. Every stomp caused him to yell out in pain. Fortunately, the aim of these manifestations was the young girl in front of them. Otherwise, each manifestation only had to give him a casual punch, and he would be done for.

“Aaaaah!” Zhang Ya trembled endlessly. Some manifestations were really stepping on inappropriate places, deliberately stepping on his backside. That series of stomps caused him to be in unspeakable agony. His a$$ had really suffered greatly.

“Yi, so you are a human being!” The young girl in front of him turned her head around, her expression filled with shock. Then, she became irritated. “I already told you to get out of the way, and you still stood there like a blockhead. If you had delayed Niu’s time, would you have been able to afford the compensation?

“Don’t let Niu see you again, or I will beat your head until it bursts!”

After saying this, the young girl ran off without a second thought. Of course, she also brought out even more memory manifestations, forming a majestic army.

“...” Zhang Ya.

‘F*ck your sister!’

***

Yang Hongyi, the Holy Son of a six-star great sect. He had advanced into the fourth severance more than 1,000,000 years ago, and had long since cultivated to the peak stage of the fourth severance. In truth, he was already able to break through to the Dividing Soul Tier, but had not taken this step all this while.

That was because he had an even greater ambition: he wanted to become a fifth severance!

However, this was too hard to accomplish. After so many years, he did not have the slightest bit of breakthrough, and was still making no headway.

He was also one with a strong will, and his determination did not waver.

In any case, a Celestial had an unlimited lifespan. As long as the Immortal’s Tribulation had not reached an extent that he could not survive, there was absolutely no need for him to rush to break through. The difference between the fourth severance and the fifth severance was really too huge.

Without advancing into this cultivation level, he would only be an emperor tier, and have no hopes of becoming a top-notch prodigy.

It could be said that whatever minor flaws you encountered in your cultivation, such as not fully stabilizing your cultivation level, this was all fine. After you reached Celestial King Tier, you would have more than enough time to restabilize, but for the fifth severance... There would only be this one chance now.

He believed that this was a chance that the heavens had bestowed on him. He was determined to become the first person to reach the summit, and obtain a great fortune, taking that opportunity to push open the doors to the fifth severance.

Peng!

Under such pressure and motivation, he had completed his own improvement. Inconceivably, his battle prowess had increased greatly, and he had defeated another memory manifestation.

“I have accomplished much, but there is still more to do. With my present battle prowess, I should be invincible in the Severing Mundane Tier,” he muttered to himself proudly. “The enemies here are all adjusted according to one’s cultivation level, so I do not have the slightest bit of disadvantage.

“Yan Xianlu, Lao Song, Shan Jitong, just all of you wait. In the future, among those that can shake the world, and cause the Celestial Realm to quiver with just a single step, I will definitely be present!”

Peng! Peng! Peng! Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

The ground suddenly began to quiver. At first, it was a very light tremble, but it very soon was as if an earthquake was happening.

What was going one here? Though he had previously said that he wanted to make the world quiver with a single step, the problem here was that, firstly, he had not become this kind of powerful figure yet, and secondly, he had not raised his foot at all, right?

“Out of the way! Out of the way!” A feminine exclamation rang out, and a beautiful figure could be seen charging over from below.

So beautiful!

Yang Hongyi instantly looked stunned, but in the next second, this kind of stunned expression became a panicked expression, or, in fact, even horrified.

F***, what was going on with the huge crowd of figures following behind the young girl?

Those were all memory manifestations of a Celestial King!

‘Have you gone mad? You actually did not fight your way up one step at a time, but have rather drawn out so many all at once. Do you want to die? Hiss, if you want to die, you cannot drag others in as well, f***!’

He had not even finished this thought when he saw that the young girl was already about to reach him. He was so terrified he hurriedly stepped aside.

Peng, peng, peng. After the young girl had rushed over, a huge mass of manifestations also rushed over. However, this just happened to be a narrow mountain path which could only accommodate three people to pass through at the same time at most, yet a huge pile of manifestations were completely unconcerned, and rushed forwards all at the same time.

Yang Hongyi was immediately in trouble. Having a few dozen manifestations crash into him, he ricocheted back and forth like a marble.

Unfortunately, he could not counter. These manifestations were too strong. In a one-on-one battle, he could still manage, but in a battle of one against two, or one against three, he would only be thrashed. If several dozen of them ganged up on him at the same time, he would undoubtedly die.

Hence, he definitely could not become the target of these manifestations. Otherwise, that would only be courting death.

Hong long long, the young girl brought over 100 manifestations and stampeded over, causing dust to fly in all directions.

Only then did Yang Hongyi get back up from the ground. He looked in the direction where the young girl had disappeared, his face covered in bruises. They had all been created when the manifestations had rushed past him. Furthermore, unless he could erase the external martial intent from within his body, these wounds would not disperse at all.

That definitely was not something that would take a short while. He would have to maintain this appearance of having been pummelled for a very, very long time.

“F***!” He raised a middle finger at the young girl’s receding back. If the latter came back to stand in front of him, he would definitely come to blows with her.

He could not swallow this injustice.

“Aiyoyo!” This raising of his finger immediately pulled on the injuries on his body, and he couldn’t help but moan in pain. This was painful, this was really f***** painful.

***

Huangfu Ling, Wu Cun, Shao Junren... one after another, prodigies were all surpassed by Hu Niu, and they were both shocked and furious.

As Hu Niu went higher and higher up the mountain peak, the army of manifestations behind her also became bigger and bigger. This number was already no longer in the hundreds, but in the thousands.

Too frightening. Every manifestation was a prodigy of their generation, and with so many of them added together, just how terrifying was this party?

If Yan Xianlu saw it, he would probably pale in shock too, right?

Yet Hu Niu was completely unconcerned. She kept calling out Ling Han’s name in excitement as she barged all the way through, drawing enough animosity from all directions.

***

The 10th month.

Both Ling Han and the Empress were mad from battle. Before this, though they had encountered a great many enemies, there were not that many that could become a match for them.

However, in this place, every opponent was a super prodigy, a powerful foe that the Eternal Prosperity Celestial King had encountered on his path to achieving Dao.

The success of one was built on the deaths of thousands. For a Celestial King to reach the utmost pinnacle, it was naturally inevitable that he would need countless prodigies to become his stepping stones. And now, these stepping stones had been manifested by the Dao of Heaven and Earth once more, each of them possessing frightening battle prowess.

This was practically pulling out all the powerful foes that the Eternal Prosperity Celestial King had encountered throughout his lifetime. Just how many years had they been accumulated for?

Just how long had Ling Han and the Empress been alive for? How could they compare to this?

To them, the improvement of their cultivation level was too fast, and accumulation of experience was a very massive weakness, but now they had really battled enough.

Ling Han felt blood bubbling inside his body as his Dao Heart was improving to a new level. His consciousness was becoming ethereal. A set of great doors were about to open, but to speak of truly pushing them open, he was still a little bit away from that level.

The Heavenly Dao Jade could help him push them open!

“I am close to breaking through!” the Empress said. She had the same feeling as Ling Han.

“En, let’s enter into the Black Tower, and refine the Heavenly Dao Jade. This kind of chance definitely cannot be missed. Otherwise, who knows when the next time would be!” Ling Han declared resolutely, and entered into the Black Tower with the Empress in tow.

Only after a while, Hu Niu was seen leading a great army racing over majestically.

“Ling Han! Ling Han!” She rushed ahead in excitement.