Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1917: Refining the Heavenly Dao Jade, the fifth severance close at hand

‘Hmm?’

Ling Han faltered for a moment. Hu Niu!

Why had she come?

Realization immediately dawned on Ling Han. Commander Guan had to have reported the situation at the time to Hu Niu, and said that he had already died. But how could Hu Niu be willing to believe that? Thus, she had come personally.

“What is it?” The Empress could not sense what was happening outside the Black Tower. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Ling Han broke into a smile, and said, “Hu Niu is here. Before long, we will be able to meet.”

It was rare for the Empress to bear a solemn expression. In the past, one of her doppelgangers had seen Hu Niu, and she knew just how jealous this little girl could be. She also knew that Hu Niu was also exquisitely beautiful, in no way inferior to her.

It would be a challenge for her to get Hu Niu on her side, and continue to sit on precious seat as the first wife of the Ling Clan.

But the Empress was filled with confidence.

Ling Han took out the Heavenly Dao Jade, and created a crack in it. The both of them laid their palms on it at the same time, extracting the essence within.

Boom, their bodies suddenly trembled, astonishing multicolored light shooting out of them, and forming multiple seals, each different from the others.

Two hours, four hours, five hours, a day!

Ling Han and the Empress had already reached a state of satiation, and could no longer receive the power of the Heavenly Dao Jade. Furthermore, they were filled with confidence that they would be able to deliver the fifth severance now.

However, the essence of the Heavenly Dao Jade was still endlessly spewing out from the crack on the Heavenly Dao Jade, as if it would never stop.

It could not be sealed off.

Ling Han frowned. If things went on like this, wouldn’t the Heavenly Dao Jade be wasted for nothing?

His original plans were perfect. Hu Niu came, and he could just hand the remaining Heavenly Dao Jade to her, but now he had to attempt to break through to the fifth severance. Otherwise, the essence of the Heavenly Dao Jade would rapidly disappear, and he would also miss this opportunity that had formed after 10 months of hard battling.

This was something accumulated from having experienced countless battles. To reach this kind of condition next time, he might have to fight more than 10 times, or 100 times the number of opponents. The problem was that this was a chance that would only take place once in an epoch. Under normal conditions, just how long would you need to encounter so many top-notch prodigies?

Hence, if he missed this chance, the next time could possibly be a million, or 10 million years later.

Ling Han thought for a moment, exited the Black Tower, and then entered into his Spatial God Tool.

“Take it!” He tossed out the remaining Heavenly Dao Jade, then turned and left, leaving Bewitching Maiden Rou in a state of bafflement.

His heart was aching!

He naturally wanted to save something so precious for his own people, but Hu Niu was so energetic, and would have vanished by now. Meanwhile, the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden had not advanced into the Severing Mundane Tier yet, so she was not capable of refining it at all. Otherwise, that would only be seeking death.

He could only benefit this great bewitching maiden.

Bewitching Maiden Rou grabbed the Heavenly Dao Jade, her expression completely dumbfounded.

‘What do you mean by this? Running after throwing a rock at me? What did I do to you? Why did you throw this rock at me?’

But in the next instant, she sensed the energy released from the Heavenly Dao Jade, and she immediately showed an expression of astonishment.

It was simply boundless, as if the Heavenly Dao was just in front of her eyes, and could be touched just by stretching out her hand.

She hurriedly grabbed hold of the Heavenly Dao Jade tightly, sat down in cross-legged position, and began to refine these benefits.

Once she was actively drawing on the essence inside the Heavenly Dao Jade, she immediately realized what kind of precious treasure this was. All the inadequacies that she had previously encountered in her cultivation were being mended, and she had reached perfection.

All her four strikes had been struck on herself, but now the mortal bonds that she had severed had all returned, and in their place, there was a more obvious gulf between herself and the Heavenly Dao.

Was this something bad?

No, no, no. She immediately realized that it was not the case.

Though there was now a gap between her and Heavenly Dao, she instead felt that she had a clearer view of Heavenly Dao.

That was because if she herself was wrapped within, she would not be able to see clearer, just like onlookers would be able to see more of the game. And now that she had leaped out of the game, she could view it from a wider angle, so it was naturally different.

A strong excitement rose up within her. She was presently advancing from the level of king tier to the level of emperor tier. Furthermore, as she was a Divine Fetus in the first place, after she became an emperor tier, her future would be boundless and bright.

Ling Han... didn’t he dislike her? Why had he given such a precious treasure to her?

Could it be that this was a gift to pledge his love?

This damn guy, he was actually capable of being embarrassed. Without saying a single word, he wanted to take her for himself?

Humph, no way. She had to be even more reserved. Otherwise, Ling Han would think she was a loose woman.

...She was not a loose woman at all. She had only cultivated charm technique, and she was always all smiles by nature.

Ling Han did not know that Bewitching Maiden Rou had misunderstood. His heart was still hurting. He had actually thrown such a precious treasure to an outsider. He really wanted a moment of silence.

But after he returned to the Black Tower, he immediately began to comprehend Dao underneath the Reincarnation Tree.

He and the Empress had to have absorbed even more essence from the Heavenly Dao Jade, erasing all the minor flaws that they had encountered on their way of cultivation so that they had reached a state of perfection. And the majority of energy was pushing the Heavenly Dao to channel so that they could glimpse the profound secrets of the fifth severance.

Those initially tightly closed great doors were already slightly loosening, and next, it would be up to them to see how they would be able to push open these great doors, and enter into a new threshold from there.

After all, the Heavenly Dao Jade only granted an additional sliver of possibility of breaking through to the fifth severance.

Underneath the Reincarnation Tree, time flew by.

Multiple rays of light exuded from Ling Han’s and the Empress’s body, intertwining and turning into a massive ball of light. Great dao was flowing on its surface. As if it was breathing, it drew in, and then extended out.

Every time they drew in, there would be a frightening aura flowing. If this was not inside the Black Tower, it was guaranteed that the whole Three Yang Peak would be able to sense this.

10 years, 100 years, 1,000 years!

A total of 1,000 years had passed, and Ling Han and the Empress opened their eyes at practically the same time. Pa, the ball of light around them suddenly crumbled, and there were actually no whites in their eyes, but rather a galaxy of indescribable depths.

An aura that far surpassed fourth severance was exuding from their bodies, yet in essence, it belonged to the Severing Mundane Tier, which was incredibly mysterious.

The fifth severance!

No, they had not delivered this strike. They were still a little bit away from this step. They had to endure the heavenly tribulation, and only then would they be able to deliver this strike at the heavens so that they would advance into the level of monarch tier.

“Let’s go!”

The two of them exited the Black Tower at the same time, each then drawing out a green-colored peach tree leaf, and placing it on top of their heads.

Boom, the heaven and earth roared furiously, two expanses of dark clouds rolling out.

You had struck once, twice, thrice, and for the fourth time, and all of the strikes were delivered at the heaven and earth, but after the fourth strike, even while severed, they were still joined by a slight amount. Thus, while the heaven and earth were furious, their fury was limited. This was embodied in the might of the heavenly tribulation.

But the fifth severance! Once this strike was delivered, that would mean completely severing their connection with the heaven and earth, as if they had leaped out of the bounds of heaven and earth. This was definitely forbidden!

The heaven and earth did not allow it!

Hence, the heavenly tribulation rolled out, wanting to use their strongest fury to erase this kind of strange existence.

However, the Natural Peach Seal took effect.

This kind of Source Power of heaven and earth could not possibly help a cultivator comprehend Dao, and increase his cultivation level. It seemed to be completely useless, yet was able to conceal destiny, decreasing the might of the heavenly tribulation.

At this kind of time, there was nothing more useful than the Natural Peach Seal.

The two Natural Peach Seals immediately burst out with soaring brilliance, a strange force surging out. It was as if Three Yang Peak had been disconnected from the rest of the world, forming an independent world of its own.

The scale of the tribulation clouds immediately began to shrink, though. While it had still far surpassed the level of the fourth severance, it could match only the heavenly tribulation for Yang soul at most.

Wasn’t the fifth severance equivalent to Yang soul? Then, wasn’t experiencing this kind of heavenly tribulation no big deal?