Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1918: Caught up

“En?” The Eternal Prosperity Celestial King raised his eyes to look at the skies, showing an expression of slight surprise.

To say nothing of the fact that his divine sense could reach anywhere and everywhere, even with just a casual look like this, he could immediately discover what was going on.

The fifth severance, Natural Peach Seal.

These two were always connected together. He had never heard of anyone being capable of enduring the heavenly tribulation of the fifth severance without depending on the Natural Peach Seal—there was definitely none. Even those few old monsters had not been so powerful at the time. Their heirs, too, had no other treasure that they could rely on that could match this kind of massive tribulation.

They could only depend on the Natural Peach Seal.

“Which child of which clan is it that actually possesses this kind of treasure?” He appeared to be slightly curious. The Natural Peach Tree was a Source Power of heaven and earth, but had been felled by a supreme being a certain number of years ago. Now, the Natural Peach Seals that everyone was using had been passed down from very, very long ago, and there were already no new ones.

It would mean one less with each use. Being able to see it at this kind of time caused the Eternal Prosperity Celestial King to feel slightly intrigued.

Furthermore, this was the fifth severance. Even in a ninth heaven Celestial King Tier force, there were not many people that could reach this kind of height.

Under the banner of every great sect, there would only be one or two such existences in an epoch, probably.

But now, there were actually two people breaking through at the same time, and even he, as an eighth heaven Celestial King, could not hide his surprise.

Lu Hairong showed a similar expression of shock. While her strength was inferior to the Eternal Prosperity Celestial King’s, the Roc Palace was still a ninth heaven Celestial King Tier-level force, so she was actually more knowledgeable than even the Eternal Prosperity Celestial King.

...There were also not many left of the Natural Peach Seals in the Roc Palace.

“Interesting! Truly interesting!” The Eternal Prosperity Celestial King’s eyes burned, the surprise in his expression even more pronounced.

Previously, he had not taken note of Ling Han at all, right until the moment when his attention was attracted by the heavenly tribulation, and then he had taken another look at him. Then, he had discovered the Natural Peach Seal, and consequently, he had seen even more.

A Celestial King only wished to know something, and there was nothing that they could not find out!

“Ancestral Flame, Source Water!” the Eternal Prosperity Celestial King murmured. “Even a Celestial King would find it extremely difficult to obtain one of these two types of Source Powers, yet he possesses two by himself. Could it be that he is...”

Lu Hairong’s beautiful eyes shone. Being reminded thus by the Eternal Prosperity Celestial King, how could she not distinguish this?

This was too astonishing!

Immediately, a strong urge rose up in her to capture Ling Han, and snatch these two Source Powers of heaven and earth so she could hand them over to Hu Niu to refine. When this thought rose up in her mind, it could no longer be withdrawn.

“Hehe, this brat’s name is Ling Han,” the Eternal Prosperity Celestial King declared with a smile.

Ah!

Immediately, Lu Hairong’s mouth gaped, and she did not know what she could say in this instant.

Was this Ling Han the Ling Han that Hu Niu was looking for?

This was too much of a coincidence, wasn’t it!

Hu Niu was certain that Ling Han had not died. If this young man was really that Ling Han, then it was understandable that he had managed to dodge the aftermath of the attack from an Ascending Origin Tier.

Even for Source Powers, he had two, so how could it be that he did not have other precious treasures on him?

Too bad, if that was the case, these two Source Powers could not be transferred to Hu Niu then.

Xiu, a figure shot over. This was a gray-haired old geezer. His hair was sparse, his figure stooped, and his face was covered with wrinkles. It looked like he was about to die from old age, his whole person exuding a strong air of decay.

The Old Demon Blood Shadow!

“Brat, do you think that just because you have quietly run out, I will not be able to catch up to you? How naive!” He revealed a cold smirk, yet did not discover the presence of two Celestial Kings at all.

As long as a Celestial King was unwilling to let others know of their presence, then whoever stood in front of them, it was the same. They would not be able to discover them at all!

In terms of grasp of great dao, Celestial Kings had exceeded the Ascending Origin Tier not by just a little bit.

“Brat, do you think that I can’t find you?” the Old Demon Blood Shadow mumbled to himself.

Previously, he had been waiting all along outside Alchemy City. Then, he discovered that Ling Han had become a new Holy Son of Alchemy City—to be honest, when he heard of this news, the expression on his face was incredibly colorful.

He told this brat to become Lu Xianming’s follower, and assist him in being promoted. Then, he could take advantage of the opportunity to steal the Natural Peach Seal, but this brat actually became a Holy Son himself.

This...! This...! This...!

The Old Demon Blood Shadow was extremely dumbfounded. This brat actually knew alchemy as well, and it seemed like his accomplishments in this field were not low, either. Otherwise, how could he possibly be chosen as a Holy Son by Alchemy City?

He immediately recalled how he had discovered something strange about Ling Han previously. It was highly possible that he was hiding some kind of treasure, but at the time, his only consideration was the Natural Peach Seal. Otherwise, if he could not break through to the next cultivation level, then even if he had a lot of treasures, they would all be wasted.

In any case, he would kill Ling Han afterwards, so by then, whatever treasure there was, would all belong to him.

Yet now, a feeling of regret rose up in him. He had a feeling that he seemed to have made a mistake.

Afterwards, when Ling Han was promoted, and became the future chairperson of Alchemy City, the Old Demon Blood Shadow was directly stunned silly.

Something like that was possible?

‘I told you to become someone’s subordinate, and help him get promoted, yet you yourself sit in that position. Impressive!’

For this kind of change in plans, even if others could think of it, how could they possibly accomplish it?

After the Old Demon Blood Shadow was stunned, the only remaining feeling he had left was naturally great elation.

Now, he would have a reliable source for the Natural Peach Seal. Furthermore, the treasure that Ling Han possessed would also belong to him soon after. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

But he waited, waited, and still Ling Han did not come out to meet him, causing this old bastard to become more and more anxious. In the end, he could bear it no longer, and snuck into the city. However, he was soon discovered, and a great battle ensued. Injured, he fled.

But he had still caught a few people, and directly plucked out their souls. He discovered that Ling Han had already left Alchemy City, setting out to meet Yan Xianlu at the appointed time.

Hence, he immediately rushed over. Though the Eternal Prosperity Celestial King’s name was famed for his military prowess, he thought that as long as he did not trifle with this Celestial King, and only kidnapped a minor cultivator, an alchemist, there was definitely no way that he could possibly alert the Eternal Prosperity Celestial King.

...How could it be that this Celestial King knew Ling Han?

There was absolutely no way!

Three Yang Peak was a place he could not ascend. This was where a Celestial King had achieved Dao, and now the Eternal Prosperity Celestial King only allowed juniors of the Severing Mundane Tier to contest for this kind of great fortune. It was impossible that anyone else could break through his barrier.

Unless their strength was superior to his!

But if their strength was superior to his, what need would they have for this kind of great fortune?

***

Zi, lightning flickered, and a broad-shouldered man also appeared quietly.

Ba Yao!

He had returned to the Thundercloud Palace, and reported Ling Han’s situation. Then, he had found some excuse, and came out all by himself again.

Naturally, it was because of Ling Han.

Coming from a Celestial King Tier force, his insight was naturally much better than the Old Demon Blood Shadow’s. He was sure that the treasure that Ling Han possessed was priceless. It was very possible that it was a Source Power of heaven and earth or the precious treasure of a Celestial King.

Thus, he had come alone so that he could snatch this kind of treasure for himself. Who knew, the trigger for him to become a Celestial King himself could be found from Ling Han.

“The place of achieving Dao of a Celestial King!” He looked up at Three Yang Peak, revealing an expression of reverence.

The Eternal Prosperity Celestial King was high and noble, and had survived thousands of tribulations. Compared to him, the Thundercloud Celestial King was as insignificant as an ant, not even being worthy of picking up his shoes!

Even he dared to imagine reaching such heights himself only in his dreams. This was very normal. His extravagant hope for himself was only to break through to the Celestial King Tier himself.

When he had been a Holy Son, he was filled with confidence, thinking that he was definitely capable of succeeding, but as his cultivation level increased, he gradually realized that the height of this difficulty level was like ascending to the heavens.

The Celestial King Tier... was too hard to attain!

A great many Holy Sons and Holy Daughters had come from the Thundercloud Palace in these billions and billions of years, but how many of them had become a Celestial King?

Zero!

There was no shortage of prodigies even more excellent than him among them, but everyone had failed, so on what basis would he manage to succeed?

“Whether I can become a Celestial King or not will depend on this!”