Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1921: Great fortune appears

Definitely!

Ling Han himself could deal with this manifestation, but it definitely would not have been so easy.

The Tower of Three Realms, as expected of a precious treasure.

This was only using it to a limited extent, and it was further restricted by his cultivation level, and its might was already so frightening, so how much more could it be in the future?

However, why hadn’t he been able to take the manifestation into the Tower just now?

Ling Han thought for a moment, and then a sliver of realization dawned on him.

After he took it into the Black Tower, it really would fall completely within his sphere of control. Then, that definitely would require the might released from the Black Tower to be able to crush his opponent a considerable number of times for him to be able to take it in.

Of course, the Black Tower was stronger than the manifestation, but the might that could be released from it now was still unable to attain as much as a good few times.

The Empress managed to destroy the manifestation after some effort. Firstly, her battle prowess was weaker than Ling Han’s; secondly, she had not used the power of her Divine Fetus; and thirdly, she did not have the Black Tower. Thus, her speed was slightly slower than his.

Consequently, another opponent appeared.

“Time Lapse!” Ling Han used the Regulations of Time. As he delivered a palm strike, that manifestation dispersed directly.

It was not shattered by the force of his blow, but rather the continuous acceleration of time that was developed through his palm strike that had directly accelerated its time to the point of dying of old age and dispersing. Of course, if his opponent was a normal person, the effects would not be as strong.

That was because Celestials had an unlimited lifespan. So what if time was accelerated and they aged? The only thing that would be affected was their attack.

But these manifestations were different. They were formed from the power of heaven and earth, and it was absolutely impossible that they could exist for too long. Thus, under the time acceleration effects, they crumbled rapidly.

Next, Ling Han used the Regulation of Slaughter.

As his sword swept past, a murderous aura soared, instantly ripping these manifestations into pieces.

Three powers of Regulation possessed astonishing might.

After trying them all out, Ling Han was aware of the situation, and he did not waste any further time. Whenever he saw a manifestation, he would move directly, sweeping through his whole way, his speed was greatly increased from before.

Previously, he and the Empress were only emperor tiers. Though the strength of the manifestations was also considerably weaker, the ability of a monarch tier to crush his opponents was completely different from an emperor tier.

Ling Han focused on the offensive, and the Empress practically did not need to make any more moves. The speed of the two of them instantly boomed as they headed towards the summit.

In the blink of an eye, another several days had passed.

Yan Xianlu’s ambitions soared. The summit was already close at hand, and he could be certain that this great fortune of heaven and earth had not yet been attained by anyone.

Indeed, he was the one who was destined to become King.

An ultimate prodigy.

He strode forwards. The wisps of clouds dispersed, and he could see a huge stone ahead of him. It was about three meters in diameter, and had a smooth surface. He could see multiple seals flickering on it, as if they had a life of their own, and were slightly excited. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

This was the giant stone that the Eternal Prosperity Celestial King had sat on. An epoch had passed, and not only had the marks of great dao not been erased, with the boost from heaven and earth, a unique change had taken place.

It was definitely not the case that the heaven and earth would resonate when a Celestial King achieved Dao. Only a supreme great elite like the Eternal Prosperity Celestial King was capable of accomplishing this.

What Yan Xianlu now had to do was to sit on that giant stone. When a Celestial King achieved Dao, the heaven and earth would shine, and a sliver of Celestial Source from the Celestial King would be left behind, but after the development through an epoch, this Source Power had become a supremely rare treasure, and could improve a cultivator in all areas.

Actually, this was similar to the Immortal flame that was formed from the death of the Heavenly Fire Celestial King. However, the Heavenly Fire Celestial King was even more resolute. He had refined even himself, unlike the Eternal Prosperity Celestial King, who had only left behind a sliver of benefit.

Hence, this was far from possibly comparing to the flame core of the Heavenly Fire Celestial King, but being boosted by the heaven and earth for an epoch, it was still a precious treasure among precious treasures.

Close, closer now. Even Yan Xianlu showed an expression of excitement. As long as he sat on that stone, the accumulation from the heaven and earth throughout an epoch would surge into his body, bestowing upon him an endless fortune. It was highly possible that he would be able to catch up to those few nature-defying freaks.

Involuntarily, his footsteps quickened slightly. That was because of the excitement he was feeling.

It was like the stone had a life of its own. That was because there were enough prodigies here, and their battles were intense enough, and that had drawn a resonance from the heaven and earth, inciting a response from the Celestial King Achieving Dao stone, and forming some kind of unique change.

One step, two steps, three steps. His footsteps became more and more hurried, and there was only a very short distance left between him and that Celestial stone.

All of a sudden, a strong feeling of warning rose up in his heart. Abruptly, he raised his hand, and a white seal of light shot from the palm of his hand. Then, it enlarged, and a divine tortoise the color of earth appeared.

Peng!

An attack shot over, landed on the light seal, and even space itself suddenly trembled, as if a rip was about to be torn into space.

“Shan Jitong!” Yan Xianlu stated calmly, not even turning his head.

“Are you regretting now? Feeling that you should not have invited me?” Shan Jitong walked over from a distance, his expression calm, as if he was just taking a leisurely stroll.

Yan Xianlu smiled faintly, yet did not even look at Shan Jitong. Instead, his eyes were set on one corner, and he said, “Brother Lao, still not coming out? Just how long do you plan on hiding?”

Immediately, Shan Jitong’s expression changed. That was because he had completely not discovered that Lao Song was standing by in secret. If he had had an intense battle with Yan Xianlu just now, it was highly possible that Lao Song would’ve used the opening to snatch the great fortune.

And this was the problem. He had not discovered Lao Song, but Yan Xianlu had. At least in detection abilities, the gap between the two of them was really quite wide.

Of course, it was also possible that Yan Xianlu was just putting on a pretense of mystery, wanting to disturb his Dao Heart.

“Hehe, Brother Yan indeed has sharp eyes and ears. I am confident that I can fool even Dividing Soul Tiers with this Serpent Breath celestial technique of mine, yet Brother Yan has seen through it with a single glance.” Amidst soft laughter, Lao Song walked out.

The originally ugly expression on Shan Jitong’s face involuntarily became even darker. As expected, Yan Xianlu’s senses were superior to his.

Yan Xianlu smiled faintly, and said, “It was not that I had discovered Brother Lao’s presence. I had merely recalled that since Brother Shan was here, Brother Lao would probably be close by as well.”

F***, he had actually been pulling a bluff on them!

Shan Jitong immediately felt as if he was about to throw up blood. He had not thought that a prodigy the likes of Yan Xianlu would actually pull off a deception too. What if Lao Song really hadn’t been here? Then wouldn’t it have been extremely embarrassing?

Lao Song’s initially smiling expression involuntarily became very awkward. He set his eyes on Yan Xianlu, and suddenly broke into a smile. There was actually a strong feeling of allure emanating from him as he said, “As expected of Brother Yan, both your wisdom and strength are top tier in this world.”

Yan Xianlu only smiled in response. Only he himself knew that he had indeed sensed Lao Song’s presence.

That was because he had a Celestial Dao Physique, which was compatible with great dao. How could he possibly be unable to sense that there was another person that appeared in his vicinity?

There was no need to say that, though. There were some abilities that only he needed to be aware of.

“The great fortune is just ahead, to be attained by the strongest!” he declared, the aura of his entire person suddenly changing.

Initially, he was like an ultimate sword, but it was sheathed, revealing nothing of its sharpness. But now, the Divine Sword was unsheathed, exuding a world-shaking brilliance.

“The two of you attack together, then,” he said to Shan Jitong and Lao Song, his tone calm, as if he had said something that could not be more ordinary.