Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1929: Even an alchemist can be that strong?

Yan Xianlu strode out, his embroidered robes fluttering. While he was not world-shakingly handsome, his demeanor was graceful and poised, and others could only stare in admiration.

Initially, this was a very solemn matter, but there was actually a slender young girl that was hanging onto Yan Xianlu’s opponent like she was a koala. No matter how they looked at it, this was a very comical scene.

Did you really want to battle?

Yan Xianlu’s expression was dark. At first, his plans were perfect, gathering the united forces of all the prodigies, and unlocking the Celestial fortune. He would first obtain the Celestial King Achieving Dao stone, and after refining it, he would improve his physique, and then lead everyone on a charge to the Mystery Realm to contest for the Source Power of heaven and earth.

Obtaining a Source Power of heaven and earth would mean that he really did not have to fear anyone of the same cultivation level.

However, things had gone wrong right from the start. Though he had very quickly suppressed his disappointment, it could not possibly be forgotten just like that.

Though it was Hu Niu who had obtained the Celestial stone, when it came to the root of the matter, it was actually Ling Han’s fault.

If it was not for Ling Han’s sake, how could Hu Niu have come here?

Old grudges and new resentment made Yan Xianlu especially despise the “villain” that Ling Han was.

Putting on pretenses and using powerful connections as intimidation tactics.

He raised his hand level. Weng, the air in the surroundings vibrated, forming a transparent sword in his hand. Only because of the reflection of light did one manage to see clearly the existence of this sword.

Ling Han smiled faintly, one arm holding onto Hu Niu, while his other hand pushed forwards. His four fingers curled inwards into a fist, leaving only a thumb pressing out towards Yan Xianlu.

After advancing into the fifth severance, he was his own universe, and every slightest move was his strongest attack.

“Go!” Yan Xianlu slashed out the sword. Abruptly, a brilliance that filled the skies streaked out, dazzling the Nine Heavens.

Ling Han maintained his move of pressing out his thumb. The millions and millions of stars in his body glowed simultaneously, and he could simply draw on great dao with a stretch of his hand. As his thumb pressed down, the heaven and earth resonated, turning into a dragon, and then a phoenix appeared.

The dragon and phoenix danced together, greeting the incoming sword light.

Boom!

The sword light crashed into the dragon and phoenix, unleashing an incredibly brilliant light. It was as if a sun had been formed, dazzling the world.

When the light completely dispersed, Yan Xianlu and Ling Han were still standing opposite each other. Neither had taken a step back, and neither of them had any sign of being injured.

‘What?!’

Seeing this scene, everyone exploded with shock.

Ling Han was actually a match for Yan Xianlu?

Hiss, Yan Xianlu was a monarch tier!

The fifth severance was much too difficult. In the entire Calm Peace Heaven, there were at least a few hundred Celestial King Tier sects, and there were close to 20 of fifth heaven and above Celestial King Tier sects too. As for monarch tiers?

At least in the present generation of Severing Mundane Tiers, there were only a mere three people who had accomplished it.

Monarch tiers naturally should be invincible in the world.

However, it was now very possible that a fourth monarch tier had appeared... It was not just very possible, but rather definite. Otherwise, no matter how strong he was, a fourth severance could not possibly take an attack from a fifth severance. That would definitely be a one-sided battle.

Realization dawned on everyone. No wonder Ling Han dared to be so arrogant. A monarch tier naturally would be unyielding and obstinate.

But weren’t you an alchemist? Even an alchemist could be that strong?

‘F*ck!’

Yan Xianlu’s eyes lit up. He was not envious because he had another monarch tier rival. Instead, his fighting spirit blazed brightly. In fact, he felt a kind of gratification.

The Calm Peace Heaven was too strong, and there was an urgent need for a few monarch tiers to appear. In the future, only then would it be possible for more Celestial Kings to appear—high-level Celestial Kings. Otherwise, with how fierce the competition was like in the Celestial Realm, it was possible that the Calm Peace Heaven would be invaded by other forces, which would lead to a reshuffling of the power balance.

“Good!” Yan Xianlu exclaimed lightly. “I previously thought that you were just condescending. It seems like I have had a mistaken opinion of you. I apologize.”

Ling Han smiled, and replied, “At first, I, too, thought you were an arrogant person, and now I, too, take back this kind of opinion. You are not too bad yourself.”

The two of them exchanged a smile, feeling like they would not have befriended if they had not fought. After all, people of talent appreciate one another.

There were too few monarch tiers. Every single one could be a very good rival and close friend.

“Ling Han, don’t waste words with him. Defeat him quickly, Niu still wants to kiss with you!” Niu wrapped her arms around Ling Han’s neck, declaring without the slightest notion of embarrassment.

She was upright and bold, saying whatever came to mind.

Ling Han could only shrug, and said, “Brother Yan, then let us set the limit at 10 moves.”

His impression of Yan Xianlu had changed greatly, so he naturally no longer felt the determination to defeat and stomp on him.

“All right, 10 moves.” Yan Xianlu nodded.

He was indeed very proud, but he was a good judge of character as well. What need was there for him to lower himself to deal with emperor tiers and king tiers? Only those who were similarly monarch tiers like him were worthy of being treated as equal by him. This was actually very normal.

Ling Han moved, his figure charging out like a shooting star. Yan Xianlu did not show any weakness, either, launching himself into a clash with Ling Han.

Peng, peng, peng. Hong, hong, hong.

Neither of them held anything back, using one celestial technique after another, and showing fully the strongest facet of themselves.

10 moves very quickly passed, and the two of them stopped at the same time. Exchanging a smile, their old grudges had been wiped clean.

This was a kind of appreciation that men had for another that was their equal.

“Let’s descend the peak!”

They walked side by side, heading towards the foot of the mountain. Because there were no manifestations coming out to cause trouble, their speed naturally was not slow. After 10 days, they had already arrived at the foot of the mountain.

“Kakaka, brat, you think you can escape from me?” Amidst a series of mad cackles, an elder suddenly appeared. Boom, an endless pressure spread out, alerting all 33 Heavens.

The expressions of all the prodigies changed slightly. They were all emperor tiers and monarch tiers within the same cultivation level, but that was only limited to the same cultivation level. Even if monarch tiers could match Yang soul or even Yin soul, this elder presently was definitely not a Dividing Soul Tier, but had rather far surpassed that.

However, while everyone was shocked, none of them was afraid at all.

This was a gathering that was hosted by Yan Xianlu, and there was an eighth heaven Celestial King standing behind Yan Xianlu. If someone still came to cause trouble at this kind of gathering, how could Yan Xianlu and the Eternal Prosperity Celestial King tolerate it with their pride?

If this elder wanted to make a move, a Celestial King would definitely appear, and crush him into dust.

Ling Han’s eyes narrowed, and he declared, “Old Demon Blood Shadow!” Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Brat, I indeed did not have a wrong opinion of you. Initially, I had thought you would need 10 million years to be able to get the Natural Peach Seal out for me. I had not thought that it would only take just a few years. Not bad, not bad, and now... hand it over to me!” Old Demon Blood Shadow declared, his face filled with anticipation.

Anyone would be afraid of death, what more this kind of mighty figure that was placed on a high pedestal.

He had suffered greatly from the Immortal’s Tribulation, and the next time it came, he would definitely be done for. Hence, he naturally longed incredibly for the Natural Peach Seal, causing even him, a noble Ascending Origin Tier, to lose his composure.

Ling Han shrugged, and replied, “Sorry, it was already used.”

“U-used!” Old Demon Blood Shadow stuttered. His first reaction was disbelief and inability to accept this fact. That was because he had placed all his hopes of survival on this, and suddenly hearing this abrupt announcement, his whole head had exploded.

Then, he flew into a thunderous rage. “Brat, you actually dare to deceive me. You don’t want your life anymore?”

His gaze was menacing, exuding a strong killing intent.

This brat actually dared to fool him. How could he be so outrageously bold?

Xiu, right at this moment, a figure suddenly charged out, delivering a palm strike towards Ling Han. Zi, zi, zi. Boundless lightning flickered brightly, its strength incredibly frightening.

Ba Yao!

He had already been waiting a very long time for Ling Han. The moment he saw Ling Han, he immediately made his move. He did not need that Natural Peach Seal, so his attack was fatal, planning to kill Ling Han so that he could directly snatch the treasure that the latter possessed.