Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1930: Something wrong with the picture

“How dare you!” Old Demon Blood Shadow roared furiously, and he moved to attack Ba Yao.

It was not that he treasured Ling Han’s life, but rather because he did not know whether Ling Han had brought the Natural Peach Seal out with him or not.

If he had brought it out, then it was fine to kill Ling Han as he would simply have to take it. But if he had not, and it was still within Alchemy City? Then what was the point of him going to so much trouble and effort?

Moreover, he, too, suspected that Ling Han had a rare treasure in his possession. He had long since decided to kill Ling Han after he had gotten hold of the Natural Peach Seal, and take all the great fortune that the latter had for himself, so he naturally could not possibly allow Ling Han to die in the hands of another.

Thus, he immediately moved, and was extremely ruthless.

“En?” Ba Yao paused slightly. This old bastard actually dared to make a move on him?

‘Have your damn eyes gone blind? Do you know who I am?’

“You’re courting death!” he exclaimed coldly, and paid Old Demon Blood Shadow back with a punch of his own.

Zi, zi, zi. Lightning burst, turning into an extended river of electricity, countless seals of great dao rippling within, frightening without bounds.

Old Demon Blood Shadow paled in shock. They were both Ascending Origin Tiers, but the gap between him and the other was practically indescribably wide.

Peng!

With this blow, Old Demon Blood Shadow was sent flying. Pu, his whole figure sprayed out a mist of blood, his aura declining continuously.

He had merely reached Small Accomplishment in the Ascending Origin Tier, but Ba Yao had reached Consummate, and the gap between them was completely beyond logic!

Old Demon Blood Shadow fell, and barely managed to steady his footing. His gray hair all wafted down to the ground. Initially, his hair was already scarce, and now his head had completely become bare, and he had become a baldie.

His face was frighteningly pale, and his left eye was bulging out of his eye socket, appearing very ghastly.

Pu! He threw up blood continuously, while his hair continued to drop. Lightning would be flickering in every mouthful of blood. This was because Ba Yao’s attack was too terrifying, and had penetrated deep into his bones.

Old Demon Blood Shadow couldn’t help but pale in astonishment. In the first place, because of the Immortal’s Tribulation, his blood essence was already dried up. From the dashing handsome young man he had once been, he had become the old geezer he was now.

And now, Ba Yao had directly damaged his life force with this blow. Every mouthful of blood he spat out was equivalent to him expending a sliver of his life force, and the old wounds that had resulted from the Immortal’s Tribulation were also restless, beginning to tear away at his cultivation.

His aura suddenly dropped madly, from the Ascending Origin Tier to Immortal Palace Tier, Fifth Palace, Fourth Palace, Third Palace... and it did not stop even when it had dropped to the First Palace, dropping suddenly to the Dividing Soul Tier, and falling further from Heaven soul.

Was this too much of an exaggeration?

Not in the slightest. The Consummate of Ascending Origin Tier possessed the ability to kill a Small Accomplishment with a single strike in the first place, and while it had only been a casual strike from Ba Yao, how could one who had once been a Holy Son of the Thundercloud Palace be underestimated? Furthermore, Old Demon Blood Shadow was close to the finishing line of his lifespan, so how close could his present battle prowess be to the battle prowess he had in his prime?

He had not been directly killed with a single strike. Instead, his cultivation level had declined, and this was already very, very good.

Old Demon Blood Shadow’s cultivation level dropped all the way until the middle stage of Yin soul, and only then did he barely stop it. HIs limbs were all numb, an endless despair rising up within him.

True, cultivation levels could be recultivated, and he could still cultivate from Yin soul to Earth soul, Heaven soul, and all the way onwards. However, his life force was wounded once more, so how much longer did he have to live? 100 years? 10,000 years?

Before he had reached the Ascending Origin Tier, and broken through the Great Accomplishment level, made up for the lack of his life force, and regained an endless lifespan, he would have long since died.

Which also meant that while Ba Yao had not killed him with this blow, it had already announced a death sentence for him. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Old Demon Blood Shadow trembled. 100 million years would pass very soon, and it was possible that his current lifespan wasn’t even up to 100 years, so how could he not tremble in fear?

This seemed to be a very long time, but in truth was only the matter of one or two breaths. The process of their clash was even faster and astonishing, and Severing Mundane Tiers practically could not distinguish clearly.

What had happened?

Everyone was a little stunned. Why did they feel like something was off with this picture? Hadn’t the Old Demon Blood Shadow come to cause trouble for Ling Han? Why had he turned around and attacked on his behalf? And he had come out of it so badly at that. This was definitely true love.

Ba Yao only cast a calm look at Old Demon Blood Shadow before withdrawing his gaze. Though the latter was also an Ascending Origin Tier, he was just a minor character in his eyes.

...Aside from an Ascending Origin Tier that had come out from a Celestial King Tier force, who else was worth his serious notice?

He had overestimated his own capabilities!

He did not eradicate him, either. Even killing this kind of trash was merely a waste of his time.

“What you have, I am very interested in!” Ba Yao said, staring at Ling Han.

At first, Ba Yao had not wanted to waste words, and just wanted to directly kill Ling Han and snatch the treasure. After he plucked the latter’s soul, there was no possibility that any secret could be hidden, but since he had now been stopped, and failed the first time, he would be frank and generous, unrushed and calm.

After all, he was an Ascending Origin Tier, so he still treasured his reputation.

...If he had succeeded with the previous blow, he would have directly left. He had absolute certainty that even Yan Xianlu had no hopes of distinguishing his appearance clearly and remembering his aura.

“So what?” Ling Han asked smilingly, without the slightest sign of being afraid.

“Whatever they are, they now belong to me!” Ba Yao stated calmly. Soundlessly, he had already locked the space in this area. This way, unless a Celestial King deliberately swept his divine sense in this area, there was no possible way that anyone could discover what happened here.

This way, everything would be under his control.

Ling Han shook his head. “I don’t think so!”

“Brat, do you still think that this is Alchemy City?” Ba Yao scoffed. There were too many heirs of Celestial Kings here. In fact, there was also a super prodigy like Yan Xianlu here. He naturally did not dare to commit murder randomly.

But in Ling Han’s case?

He knew him very well. He was only a mere Holy Son of Alchemy City. So what if he killed him? Even if Alchemy City went off to the Thundercloud Palace to make a complaint, so what? What could they do to him?

What a joke.

Ling Han smiled faintly, and said, “This is indeed not Alchemy City, and my master is not here to stand up for me. However... there are really a lot of interesting and amazing things that would happen in this world!”

“Oh, like?” Ba Yao asked carelessly as he strode towards Ling Han. His speed was not very fast, but every step he took was like great dao pressing down, causing an indescribable discomfort to everyone’s heart and internal organs.

How was a Severing Mundane Tier any match for the might of an Ascending Origin Tier?

He deliberately walked very slowly. That was because previously in Alchemy City, he had been forced away by Grandmaster Zi Cheng, and this was a humiliation to him. Now, though he was not seeking vengeance from Alchemist Zi Cheng, Ling Han was the fundamental root of the whole issue. Before he killed him, he would torture him a bit, and this was slightly pleasing to him.

Of course, this was completely because he had absolute certainty. Otherwise, he would have directly killed him, plucked out his soul, snatched the treasure, and left.

Tong! Tong! Tong!

One step after another, a considerable number immediately showed expressions of suffering. They felt as if their internal organs were about to explode. That was really the case. Under such terrifying pressure, every person’s eyeballs were popping out, their expressions frighteningly twisted.

“Damn it!” Hu Niu was furious, pointing a finger at Ba Yao. “Damn giant, you actually dare be fierce to Niu’s Ling Han, and dare to make Niu feel discomfort. You are dead!”

Ba Yao naturally would not take Hu Niu’s threats seriously. He only scoffed, and the eyes he turned towards Hu Niu were slightly devious.

He had never been one to abstain from women, especially now when he had been stagnating on Ascending Origin Tier for too long. He had developed a great many hobbies, and the pleasures of the flesh naturally were one of them. Furthermore, it occupied a great portion of his time even.

This young girl was both beautiful and pure. Though she was a little fierce, what use was that in front of him?

“Oh, I am dead?” Ba Yao shook his head. “I don’t believe it!”

“You should!” An icy cold voice rang out behind Ba Yao, holding a menacing killing intent.