Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1938: Youngest Uncle is right

“Me?” Ling Han smiled slightly, and replied, “Haven’t I said before? I am your senior.”

These words made Mo Shuang very displeased. He thought that he had already adjusted his attitude very well. ‘Why are you still toying around with me, and taking advantage of me?’

“I didn’t say anything wrong, did I? Nephew Peng,” Ling Han asked with a smile, though his eyes were turned on Peng Huanian.

‘What?!’

Everyone looked at Peng Huanian in shock. These young emperor tiers indeed did not look too highly on the Dividing Soul Tier. After all, they would very soon be capable of advancing into this level.

What they were concerned about naturally was Peng Huanian’s identity as a Three-Star Alchemist.

Alchemists had outstanding status, and a Three-Star Alchemist could barely be considered equivalent to an Ascending Origin Tier. Thus, Peng Huanian naturally was very awesome.

...If that hadn’t been the case, how could Zi Cheng have sent him to invite Grandmaster Zi Cheng?

But now? Ling Han actually addressed Peng Huanian as nephew. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Nephew... This definitely could not be the hierarchy in terms of cultivation. That was because Peng Huanian was an alchemist, and cultivation was only his secondary field. He would not deliberately go and take a master in cultivation, and wouldn’t have an overwhelmingly young uncle due to that.

Alchemy?

Everyone knew that Peng Huanian’s master was Zhu Feng. If Peng Huanian really was Ling Han’s nephew, then Ling Han would be the same generation as Zhu Feng.

Hiss, was this even possible?

All of a sudden, everyone’s eyes were focused on Peng Huanian, wanting to see how he would answer.

Peng Huanian couldn’t help but feel incredibly awkward, a red flush rising up on his cheeks.

Did he dare to speak a lie in full view of the public like this? If Zhu Feng were to find out, he would definitely kill him!

You even wanted to refuse to recognize your own founder?

He could sketch over Ling Han’s identity, but if Ling Han really questioned him in public, what could he do? Denial was absolutely impossible, but if he deliberately changed the topic, who could not see through such an obvious deception?

There was nothing else that could be done.

Peng Huanian gritted his teeth, and answered, “Youngest Uncle is right.”

Boom!

Everyone felt a mental jolt. Ling Han was really Peng Huanian’s uncle. This intel was too explosive and astonishing.

When they turned to look at Ling Han again, they instantly felt that Ling Han did not have the slightest bit of pointless arrogance.

Since he could call himself a brother of a Four-Star Alchemist, it was certain that he would be incredibly proud. No, no, no. Ling Han’s previous attitude could practically be considered extremely humble. It should be known that it was Mo Shuang and Lu Haoming who had done the provoking at first.

Meanwhile, Mo Shuang was both grateful and furious.

His gratitude was naturally directed at Ling Han. This was his great-granduncle. With his provocation, Ling Han did not get irritated or angry. In fact, Ling Han was also a fifth severance monarch tier, and was completely capable of defeating him in one move.

Even if he had been beaten to severe injury, it was sure that Mo Clan would not have had the slightest temper. Who asked your junior to be impolite towards the junior brother of Grandmaster Zhu Feng first? If one really got down to it, even if he had been killed, he would have deserved it.

He felt gratitude towards Ling Han, so what was left was naturally the fury he felt towards Peng Huanian.

‘Old geezer, you clearly know who Ling Han is, and actually dare push me into a living hell?’

How could you do that!

Lu Haoming also felt a jolt in his heart. He knew that he had met his match, but he could not bring himself to write off everything between him and Ling Han with one stroke like this.

It was fine that he was no match for Ling Han. There were many such people in Guanhua City, and he only had to say a few words to incite disharmony.

No one could humiliate him like this.

“Great-granduncle, let me take you around the city,” Mo Shuang said immediately, not even casting a second look at Peng Huanian.

In any case, he was just getting some additional limelight as an alchemist. In the future, it was absolutely impossible for him to focus solely on alchemy. Moreover, he might never be capable of advancing to become a One-Star Alchemist in this lifetime, so what was the point of wasting his time on this field.

Hence, the respect he felt towards Peng Huanian was only due to the latter’s status as a Three-Star Alchemist, and not because he actually wanted to learn something from him.

Being tricked by Peng Huanian like this, he was naturally angry.

Ling Han glanced at Peng Huanian, and dismissed the idea of beating him up. He answered, “Sure, then we’ll trouble a local like you.”

“Don’t worry, I will definitely satisfy you, Great-granduncle!” Mo Shuang said with a laugh.

It was clear that he was deliberately currying favor with Ling Han.

This was not just because he felt gratitude towards Ling Han, but also because Ling Han was Grandmaster Zhu Feng’s junior brother. This connection was too astonishing. If the grand elder of the Mo Clan was here, he would definitely agree to having him develop friendly relations with Ling Han.

Ling Han nodded, and said, “There is no need to call me a great-granduncle. You can just call me by name.” He could tell that Mo Shuang was not a real alchemist.

Actually, Mo Shuang did not want to call Ling Han with such a scary address, either. When he heard this, he was naturally greatly pleased, and answered, “Then I’ll just call you Brother Ling.”

“Fine.”

“Brother Ling, we will also walk around with you,” Han Tao and the others all said. They were not idiots that could not tell that Ling Han was a rare commodity worth hoarding. How could they possibly allow Mo Shuang to claim all the benefits by himself?

The whole group left with Ling Han in their center, leaving behind only Peng Huanian and Lu Haoming, whose expressions were so dark that water could drip.

“Humph!” Peng Huanian left in a flutter of robes. The fists that were hidden in his sleeves were tightly gripped, his anger pushed to the pinnacle.

A lowly character who was just from the Calm Peace Heaven actually dared to embarrass him. It was absolutely impossible for him to spare Ling Han just like this.

‘Just wait and see. This is Guanhua City. Now that you, someone who has completely zero foundations here, have come, it is destined that I will be able to play around with you as I please, Ling Han.’

There was still half a month until the celebrations, and he had more than enough time to play around with Ling Han before then.

Seeing Peng Huanian leave, Lu Haoming also set off, heading in a different direction.

It was naturally impossible for him to spare Ling Han. There was no need for him to ask others for help, as there were many Dividing Soul Tier elites in the Lu Clan itself. ‘Even if you are a fifth severance and a monarch tier, you will only be able to match Yang soul at most. I will ask a Yin soul elite to help me, so how could that not be enough to suppress you?

‘Just wait and see.’

***

In the company of Mo Shuang and the others, Ling Han toured around in Guanhua City.

Unlike Alchemy City, there was only one floor in Guanhua City, but it was incredibly colossal. To say nothing of 10 days to half a month, it was not certain that one could more or less tour around the whole city even in 100 or 1,000 years.

This city was comparable to a super large planet where the territory was astonishingly huge, and the population numbered in hundreds of millions.

Thus, Ling Han and their group could only have a fleeting glance of everything as they passed. Thankfully, there were Transfer Formations in the city itself. As long as one could pay enough Star Stones, you could tour around as much as you liked.

After a whole day of touring around, Ling Han took up residence in the Mo Clan Manor with Mo Clan’s earnest invitation. He naturally enjoyed the most lavish guest room. Not only were there Star Stones piled around randomly for him to spend as he liked, there was even a hundredfold Time Cultivation Chamber.

Mo Clan only opened this kind of guest room to the most esteemed of guests like the heir of a Celestial King and Ascending Origin Tier elites, and Ling Han could also enjoy this kind of treatment, which was proof of how highly Mo Clan regarded him.

And after staying for one night, Mo Shuang suddenly raced over, and exclaimed, “Brother Ling, Brother Ling!”

“What is it?” Ling Han was just sipping tea with the Empress and the others. Life did not just consist of cultivation. When it was time to relax, one should relax.

“There is a gathering tonight, hosted by Holy Son Liu. How about it? Any interest in going to take a look?” Mo Shuang asked with slight excitement.

Liu Jie, a Holy Son of the Universal Clouds Sect, the true disciple of Universal Clouds Celestial King. He had long since advanced into the fifth severance, and he was a man that was destined to become a Celestial King. Though the Universal Clouds Sect still had 13 other Holy Daughters and Holy Sons, they all paled in color next to Liu Jie’s brilliance.

No one thought that there was any other Holy Daughter or Holy Son that could contest for the future position of sect leader with Liu Jie.