Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1941: He’s... Peng Huanian’s Senior Uncle!

The residence of the Holy Son naturally possessed Time Cultivation Chambers. Moreover, there were three types in total.

The first type could accelerate time by 50-fold, and was used for cultivation by the servants in the residence. Even though its effects were the weakest, this was still a relatively attractive benefit. After all, it was free of charge. If this were outside, using such a Time Cultivation Chamber for a day would cost an exorbitant amount of money.

The second type could accelerate time by 100-fold, and was offered to the guests of the residence. It was naturally free of charge as well.

The third and final type could accelerate time by 200-fold, and was dedicated to the Holy Son. There was only one room in total. Apart from Liu Jie, only those who received special permission could use this Time Cultivation Chamber.

Thus, Ling Han and the others naturally couldn’t use this third type of cultivation chamber. Instead, they chose a cultivation chamber that could accelerate time by 100-fold.

As long as one entered the residence of the Holy Son, this type of cultivation chamber was free to use. Moreover, there was a great number of these cultivation chambers, so there was no need for them to both cram into one room.

Ling Han and Yan Wei entered the cultivation chambers, and they each retrieved a pill cauldron to begin their preparations.

At the same time, they also deactivated the concealment barriers of the cultivation chambers. This would allow the onlookers to clearly see the situation inside. However, this was limited to sight and sound. Odors couldn’t travel out from the cultivation chambers.

Since this was a competition, they naturally had to ensure fairness. Otherwise, what if one of them simply retrieved a high-level Celestial pill from their Spatial God Tool? What would happen then?

Upon learning of this alchemy battle, more and more people headed over to spectate.

“I’m going to accept wagers!” Mo Shuang suddenly shouted. “No matter whom you place your bet on, the payout will be two times your wager!”

Ling Han had told him to do this before entering the cultivation chamber. Since he had decided to make some money, he would go all out.

Meanwhile, many people were still unsure about the current situation. However, after asking around, they all placed their bets on Yan Wei.

This was a certain victory!

Mo Shuang’s head had definitely been kicked by a donkey. He was actually convinced that Ling Han would win!

Such an outcome was simply impossible.

However, Yang Jia’s heart jolted when he saw this. In the beginning, Mo Shuang had been strongly against this challenge. Now, however, he was actually accepting wagers? Was this because he had gained confidence? However, judging from the payouts, he didn’t seem to be leaning toward anyone. This left him feeling slightly confused.

In any case, Yang Jia was already confident of his victory.

On some stone table, there was a pile of Spatial God Tools. Most of them were filled with Star Stones. There were also a few people who wagered valuable Pseudo-Divine Metal. They were clearly looking to make a huge earning.

As he looked at the increasing wagers on the stone table, Mo Shuang couldn’t help but shed cold sweat.

This was because most people were wagering on Ling Han’s loss. Thus, if Ling Han truly lost, he would also become a big loser.

If Ling Han won, however, his earnings would be absolutely astonishing.

“Why is it so boisterous here?” Han Tao asked as he strode over. After listening to someone’s explanation, his expression involuntarily became strange.

He was well aware of Ling Han’s background. At the very least, he knew some things. As the junior brother of a Four-Star Alchemist, was Ling Han not freakish enough?

This Yan Wei truly possessed outstanding courage. He actually dared to challenge Ling Han in alchemy! Was he not seeking a pummeling?

“Haha, I’ll also place a bet then,” he said with a hearty laugh. How could he miss this opportunity to make a quick buck?

“Betting has stopped! Betting has stopped!” Mo Shuang hurriedly exclaimed. He didn’t allow Han Tao to continue with his wager.

“Brother Mo, that’s very unkind of you,” Han Tao said with a chuckle. “Since you’re making a killing, you should also give me some small benefits, no?”

The surrounding onlookers were all puzzled upon hearing this. Judging from Han Tao’s words, it was as if he were confident of Ling Han’s victory.

Where was his confidence coming from?

“Brother Han, what do you mean?” someone asked.

Han Tao chuckled. “Nothing, I just think that Brother Ling will definitely win,” he said in a perfunctory manner.

However, who would believe him?

Everyone shook their heads upon hearing this. Some hotheaded people even asked, “Brother Han, perhaps this Ling Han is a Three-Star Alchemist?”

“I’m not sure,” Han Tao replied with a shake of his head. “I genuinely don’t know what rank Brother Ling is at. In fact, I don’t even know whether he’s a true alchemist or not.”

‘Then where has your confidence come from?’

A mysterious smile spread across Han Tao’s face. Upon seeing everyone’s gazes gathering upon him, he finally said, “However, I do know a tiny bit of information that I can share with everyone.

“Everyone is familiar with Peng Huanian, Alchemist Peng, right?”

Everyone was naturally familiar with him. After all, Peng Huanian was Grandmaster Zhu Feng’s most impressive disciple. In the future, he might even become a Four-Star Alchemist.

However... why was Han Tao suddenly mentioning Peng Huanian?

“Gasp! Perhaps Ling Han is Peng Huanian’s disciple?” someone exclaimed in astonishment.

The likes of Mo Shuang, Yang Jia, and even Han Tao were all the disciples of some alchemist. They were all students of alchemy. Moreover, they all belonged to the branch of Grandmaster Zhu Feng. However, they were there to play around more than anything else.

Thus, Peng Huanian naturally couldn’t take them as disciples. Instead, he simply sent some One-Star Alchemists over to teach them. There was no strict master-disciple relationship between them, so no one would view them as immoral even if they got into an argument and became enemies in the future.

Of course, even though there was no strict rule, it was still best to maintain a good relationship. After all, this could affect their reputation.

Thus, if Peng Huanian personally took Ling Han as a disciple, things would be completely different. That would be proof of Ling Han’s alchemy talent.

“That’s impossible. If he’s Peng Huanian’s disciple, why have I never heard of him before?” someone asked in a doubtful voice. Peng Huanian had been practicing alchemy with Grandmaster Zhu Feng in Guanhua City this entire time. Thus, even if he did take a disciple, that would definitely be a matter in Guanhua City.

Moreover, even though Guanhua City was huge, Peng Huanian could still be considered as an impressive figure. As such, who wouldn’t know about his disciples?

“Perhaps he’s a talent that Alchemist Peng discovered while traveling and training outside?” someone speculated.

This... made some sense.

“Brother Han, why don’t you continue,” some impatient people said. They couldn’t be bothered speculating, and they wanted the answer right away.

Han Tao smiled before glancing at Mo Shuang, and saying, “Why don’t we let Brother Mo reveal the answer.”

It was clear that he would reveal the answer even if Mo Shuang didn’t. Thus, Mo Shuang could only say, “Peng Huanian... is Brother Han’s apprentice nephew!”

Pu!

Almost half of the onlookers choked and spluttered upon hearing this. The remaining half of them were also wide-eyed with shock.

Everyone’s first reaction was utter astonishment. This was far too astounding. Then, their second reaction was that Mo Shuang was lying.

Has his head been kicked in by a donkey?

Why didn’t he say that Ling Han was Grandmaster Zhu Feng’s apprentice uncle? Wouldn’t that be even more impressive?

This was absolute bullsh*t!

“Hahahaha!” Yang Jia was the first to burst into laughter. “Brother Mo, you almost tricked me there. Your imagination is so rich! I’m truly impressed.”

Although he said that he was impressed, his face was filled with a strong sense of disdain. It was clear that being impressed could refer to either a positive manner or a negative manner.

However, Mo Shuang wasn’t enraged upon hearing this. If he hadn’t seen and heard with his own eyes and ears, he wouldn’t have believed this, either.

Ling Han was indeed a freak. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

“Young Master Mo, I urge you to retract your words and sincerely apologize to my master!” a young man said in fury. It was as if flames of anger were about to burst forth from his eyes.

He was called Gui Deshui, and he was one of Peng Huanian’s disciples. Thus, he was naturally infuriated upon hearing Mo Shuang blatantly smearing his esteemed master.

In terms of background, he was completely no match for Mo Shuang. Thus, even though Mo Shuang technically had to refer to him as apprentice uncle, he didn’t dare to act like one at all. After all, he was only a measly One-Star Alchemist.