Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1942: No Such Person

“Why should I apologize?” Mo Shuang asked in a calm voice.

To say nothing of the fact that he was telling the truth, even if he were truly lying, he wasn’t someone who could be scolded by a measly One-Star Alchemist.

He was an emperor tier!

“You’re smearing my master!” Gui Deshui shouted. It was clear that he was beside himself with fury.

The smile vanished from Mo Shuang’s face, and he asked with an intense expression, “How have I smeared him?”

Right now, he was extremely ticked off at Peng Huanian. What kind of senior master was he? He had actually been pushing him toward a fire pit! What an immoral master! In any case, Mo Shuang only treated alchemy as a hobby and something to play around with. Now that he was extremely dissatisfied with Peng Huanian, he naturally lost all interest in alchemy as well.

Gui Deshui was red-faced with anger, and his chest continued to rise and fall. How was this not smearing his master?

Mo Shuang had already called his master the nephew of some foolish weakling! Could he smear him any more than this?

“You’re not only smearing my master, but you’re even smearing Grandmaster Zhu Feng!” he shouted. Flames burst from his eyes.

Alchemists naturally cultivated the Regulations of Flames, so they were all masters of manipulating fire.

Everyone nodded in agreement upon hearing this.

If this accusation stuck, Mo Shuang would definitely suffer severe punishment.

Was this not the case?

If Ling Han were Peng Huanian’s apprentice uncle, wouldn’t that make him Grandmaster Zhu Feng’s junior brother?

This was a preposterous joke. How could such a young person be Grandmaster Zhu Feng’s junior brother?

Even if he wanted to boast, he should have come up with a more believable lie.

“Piss off to the side. I don’t have time to speak nonsense with a measly person like you!” Mo Shuang said in a cold voice. As a mighty emperor tier, it was naturally beneath him to pick on such a weakling. Pummeling an alchemist would be lowering his own status.

Almost no one would group alchemists and cultivators together. So-called alchemists had some cultivation, yet their battle prowess was absolutely dismal.

“You, you, you...!” Gui Deshui’s finger trembled as he pointed at Mo Shuang. After a while, he turned around and marched off in fury.

He definitely couldn’t defeat Mo Shuang. However, Peng Huanian had no shortage of disciples who were Two-Star Alchemists or Dividing Soul Tier elites. Thus, he could seek the help of these people. At the very least, he wouldn’t be suppressed by Mo Shuang anymore.

However, Mo Shuang was filled with confidence. So what if Gui Deshui obtained help from Peng Huanian’s disciples? Even if Peng Huanian personally came, he would still have to obediently refer to Ling Han as senior uncle.

“Brother Mo, you’ve gotten yourself into a serious situation now!” Yang Jia said with a chuckle.

He didn’t feel any sympathy for Mo Shuang at all. Instead, he was eager to see him getting screwed over.

“Heh, it’s hard to say who’s going to get screwed over,” Mo Shuang said in a calm voice. He was definitely going to win this gamble. Meanwhile, if Peng Huanian truly did show himself, he would definitely beat him up. That old geezer actually dared to screw him over?

F*ck his mom!

“Hurry, look over there! They’ve already begun refining their pills!” someone suddenly exclaimed. This quickly captured everyone’s attention, and they all looked toward the two cultivation chambers.

However, those who didn’t understand alchemy could only watch on in confusion. They felt like Ling Han and Yan Wei’s movements were extremely quick and dazzling. However, they were absolutely clueless about who had the advantage.

Perhaps they were good at fighting. However, alchemy was an entirely different domain.

“Huh? Zhu Zijun has come!” someone suddenly exclaimed. He then shouted, “Young Master Zhu, come over for a moment!”

Before long, a tall youth was already walking over. He wore a faint smile, and he appeared as confident as could be.

Zhu Zijun was Grandmaster Zhu Feng’s grandson, and he possessed astonishing talent in alchemy. Moreover, he practiced both cultivation and martial arts, so he was extremely renowned in Guanhua City even though he was still young.

“Young Master Zhu!” Everyone started to greet him.

“What’s wrong?” Zhu Zijun asked. He felt slightly puzzled. Why had they suddenly called him over?

“Those two people are competing in alchemy, so why doesn’t Young Master Zhu critique their skills?” someone said.

Zhu Zijun frowned upon hearing this. He was an alchemy prodigy, and even though he was only a Two-Star Alchemist at the moment, he had already reached the Third Spirit Refinement. At the same age, even Grandmaster Zhu Feng had been no more skillful than him.

Yet, they actually wanted him to critique this competition? Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Who was worthy?!

However, there were many king tiers here, and there were even some emperor tiers. He didn’t want to offend them, so he could only say, “Both of them are refining two-star alchemical pills. Mm-hm, they’re about to finish their refinement.”

Refining alchemical pills generally took one month. If one were refining a Celestial pill, however, it was rumored that it would take anywhere from several thousand years to a whopping several hundreds of thousands of years. Anyhow, with time accelerated by 100-fold, one month would only be seven or so hours. Right now, four hours had already passed, so they had naturally passed the halfway mark of their refinement.

Two-star alchemical pills!

Everyone was astonished upon hearing this.

It was no surprise that Yan Wei could refine two-star alchemical pills. After all, he was already a Two-Star Alchemist. Thus, it would be strange if he couldn’t refine a two-star alchemical pill. Their astonishment was derived from the fact that Ling Han could also refine a two-star alchemical pill.

This person... Not only was he a genuine alchemist, but he was more so a Two-Star Alchemist!

Gasp!

Upon seeing everyone’s astonishment, a look of disdain spread across Zhu Zijun’s face. These people knew absolutely nothing about alchemy. He continued, “There’s nothing impressive about Two-Star Alchemists. In fact, it’s Spirit Refinement that determines an alchemist’s ultimate potential.

“Upon becoming an alchemist, Spirit Refinement is of utmost importance.”

Everyone nodded in understanding. In terms of alchemy, they indeed didn’t have any knowledge. Zhu Zijun was the expert.

“Oh, that’s right. Young Master Zhu, dare I ask if Grandmaster Zhu has a junior brother?” someone asked.

The surrounding onlookers instantly perked their ears up.

They were all extremely curious about this. Just what was Ling Han’s background? If he were truly Peng Huanian’s senior uncle, that would be fairly frightening.

Zhu Zijun frowned again. Were these people retarded?

“According to my knowledge... no!” he said with a shake of his head.

Sure enough, Grandmaster Zhu Feng didn’t have a junior brother.

Everyone nodded upon hearing this. Indeed, this aligned with their understanding of the current situation. After all, how could Grandmaster Zhu Feng have such a young junior brother?

Heh, Mo Shuang would definitely suffer a miserable fate now.

Yang Jia was more so instilled with confidence. After learning that Ling Han was a Two-Star Alchemist, he had truly been worried for a moment. Now, however? Heh...

Meanwhile, Mo Shuang and Han Tao were both slightly dumbfounded. What in the world was going on?

Peng Huanian had personally admitted that Ling Han was his senior uncle! In other words, Ling Han was naturally Grandmaster Zhu Feng’s junior brother. Would a mighty Three-Star Alchemist make such a joke?

Impossible!

Then why had Zhu Zijun denied this relationship?

They racked their brains, yet they couldn’t think of any logical reason.

Was there some kind of misunderstanding or complication?

In any case, they would sit back and observe the situation.

Inside the Time Cultivation Chambers, both Ling Han and Yan Wei had finished refining their alchemical pills. Right now, they were preparing to perform Spirit Refinement.

At this moment, commotion suddenly traveled over from the back of the crowd. Everyone glanced back, only to see that Gui Deshui had already returned. Next to him were two middle-aged men, both wearing dignified expressions. It was clear that they had enjoyed a lofty status for a very long time.

“Who is it? Who dares to pretend to be my master’s senior uncle?” one of the middle-aged men asked in a stern voice. His eyebrows were furrowed, and his fury was evident.

He was called Ran Fei, and he was Peng Huanian’s second disciple. The other middle-aged man was called Shi Yong, and he was Peng Huanian’s third disciple. Even though they were only Two-Star Alchemists, they had both reached the Second Spirit Refinement already. This was very impressive.

“Huh? Young Master Zhu!” Ran Fei and Shi Yong both faltered upon seeing Zhu Zijun. They then walked over to greet him.

They were of the same status, and they were more so his senior brothers. However, Zhu Zijun was Grandmaster Zhu Feng’s grandson, so they naturally couldn’t compare to him.