Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1943: Confrontation

A reserved smile appeared on Zhu Zijun’s face, and he said with a nod, “Senior Brother Ran, Senior Brother Shi.”

Although he was haughty, he didn’t need to exhibit this by acting arrogant.

“Young Master Zhu, someone is actually daring to pretend to be your grandfather’s junior brother!” Shi Yong shouted. His gaze was vicious as he swept it across the surroundings, and it was as if he were trying to look for the person who had created this rumor.

Zhu Zijun faltered upon hearing this. He then flared up in rage.

No wonder someone had asked him if Zhu Feng had a junior brother just then. As it turned out, it was because of this.

How truly audacious! This person even dared to claim to be Zhu Feng’s junior brother! What else wouldn’t they dare to do? Perhaps they should imposter as a Celestial King’s junior brother?

“Who?” Zhu Zijun asked with a baleful expression. He stared at the crowd, and it was clear that he was incandescent with rage.

Swoosh!

Everyone turned their gaze toward Mo Shuang.

“Brother Mo, I need an explanation,” Zhu Zijun said in a calm voice. Even though his voice wasn’t loud, everyone could hear the anger boiling underneath it. This anger was already on the verge of erupting.

Mo Shuang was under immense pressure. Moreover, he was also extremely confused at this moment.

‘How the f*ck should I know what’s going on?!

‘Peng Huanian clearly referred to Ling Han as his senior uncle, yet not a single one of you knows about this? Then where in the world did the senior uncle, Ling Han, leap out from? A crack in the rock?

‘How can there be such strange things in this world?!’

At this moment, Mo Shuang could only remain silent. What else could he say? In any case, it was the others who hadn’t made heads or tails of the situation, so what did this have to do with him?

“That’s right, we need an explanation!” Shi Yong and Ran Fei also roared in rage. This relationship was directly related to them.

If they silently accepted this relationship, wouldn’t they have to refer to Ling Han as senior uncle?

“Is it that person?” Zhu Zijun asked. He finally came to his senses, and he locked his ice-cold gaze onto the cultivation chamber that Ling Han was in.

Regardless of how enraged he was, there was nothing he could do about Mo Shuang. After all, the latter was an important member of an Ascending Origin Tier force. However, Ling Han was different. This brat actually dared to pretend to be his grandfather’s junior brother! Why the f*ck didn’t he ascend the heavens?!

He would wait; he would wait until this person left the cultivation chamber. At that time, he would give him a vicious slap across the face!

He wore a dark expression as he stood there, and everyone could tell that there was a ball of explosive anger sitting in his chest.

The onlookers all clicked their tongues in wonder. This was truly very interesting. Someone actually dared to claim to be Grandmaster Zhu Feng’s junior brother! Just how retarded would one need to be to do such a preposterous thing?

There was a good show to be seen.

Meanwhile, Yang Jia was filled with a feeling of triumphance. Right now, he was already itching to collect his winnings from this gamble. He would then scold Mo Shuang until he couldn’t raise his head ever again.

‘What an absolute retard!’

Several more hours passed, and Yan Wei was the first to leave his cultivation chamber. There was a haughty expression on his face.

He had refined a two-star alchemical pill, and he had then performed one Spirit Refinement on it. By doing so, he had elevated the alchemical pill from the Medium Grade to the High Grade. In terms of refining alchemical pills, he was confident of his success rate. In terms of Second Refinement, however, he was somewhat lacking in confidence. There was a large chance that he might fail.

However, he had succeeded in one try this time, so he was naturally beside himself with joy and satisfaction.

What about Ling Han?

He looked toward the other cultivation chamber, only to see that Ling Han was still refining his alchemical pill. An expression of disdain involuntarily spread across his face.

‘How slow!’

When it came to alchemy, being slow and steady wouldn’t necessarily lead to a better result. In fact, when refining alchemical pills, one needed to complete the refinement in a set amount of this. Otherwise, the only possibility was blowing up their cauldron.

‘Mm-hm, he’s finished refining, but he’s still performing Spirit Refinement.

‘Hang on... This brat can actually perform Spirit Refinement?’

One had to realize that at least 70 percent of One-Star Alchemists didn’t know how to perform Spirit Refinement. Only a small number of prodigies possessed the skill to perform Spirit Refinement. As for the others, they could only master Spirit Refinement after becoming a Two-Star Alchemist. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Thus, it was Spirit Refinement that reflected an alchemist’s skill.

After a while, Ling Han finally opened the door of his cultivation chamber.

Although the order in which they finished refining wasn’t an absolute indication of their skill, the onlookers were already accustomed to thinking about problems from the perspective of cultivators. Thus, they instantly felt like Ling Han’s skill was inferior to Yan Wei’s.

Yan Wei humphed coldly before saying, “Admit defeat. That way, you can at least lose with some dignity.”

“I don’t have such a habit,” Ling Han said with a shake of his head. Regardless of whether it was cultivation or alchemy, he didn’t have a habit of admitting defeat before even trying.

“You won’t feel regret until you see your own grave. Then I’ll defeat you in the most comprehensive manner!” Yan Wei said with a haughty expression. He raised his right hand, and said, “I’ve refined an Azure Origin Pill, a two-star alchemical pill. I’ve also completed one Spirit Refinement!”

Spirit Refinement!

Even though there were few alchemists among the onlookers, everyone shuddered upon hearing this phrase. Being able to perform Spirit Refinement indicated that this person truly possessed talent in the domain of alchemy. Their future was bright and full of potential.

Yan Wei was extremely young, so being able to perform Spirit Refinement at such an age indicated that he was a true prodigy.

Even Zhu Zijun nodded upon seeing this. “This person is indeed impressive. I wonder which master has raised such a young prodigy.”

“Are there any Two-Star Alchemists present?” Yan Wei asked in a loud voice.

“I am,” Ran Fei replied.

“Can you please appraise this Azure Origin Pill for me?” Yan Wei asked.

“No problem.”

Ran Fei approached the Celestial pill and carefully examined it for a moment. He then said, “This alchemical pill is of the Medium Grade, and after one Spirit Refinement, it has now reached the High Grade.”

Everyone nodded upon hearing this. They didn’t know how to refine alchemical pills, but they had all eaten many Celestial pills before. High Grade two-star alchemical pills were already very decent, and they were at least three times more expensive than Medium Grade two-star alchemical pills.

This was the value of Spirit Refinement.

“What else do you have to say now?” Yan Wei asked as he looked at Ling Han. His face was filled with haughtiness and pride.

He was the disciple of a Three-Star Alchemist, and he had come here representing his master to give well wishes to Grandmaster Zhu Feng. He was a haughty person, and he believed that it was because of his bad luck that he hadn’t been able to find a Four-Star Alchemist as his master. Otherwise, he was sure that his accomplishment would be even greater.

This belief caused him to develop a twisted sense of dignity. Regardless of what it was, he was always hellbent on gaining an advantage over others.

A faint smile spread across Ling Han’s face, and he also tossed his alchemical pill to Ran Fei, saying, “Help me appraise it.”

‘Oh, you’re fairly confident, huh?’

Ran Fei accepted the pill and glanced at Ling Han, saying, “You’re the person who’s impersonating the senior uncle of my master?”

Ling Han chuckled, and replied, “I’m not so desperate and lowly that I need to impersonate the senior uncle of your master yet. In fact, if it weren’t for my relationship with my Third Senior Brother, I truly wouldn’t want a junior nephew such as your master.”

“How audacious!” Zhu Zijun, Ran Fei, and Shi Yong roared in unison. Their faces were filled with rage.

This person had truly become addicted to impersonating others! Before the three of them, he still dared to utter such preposterous bullsh*t! Just who did he think he was?!

Ling Han waved his hand, and said, “We can talk about whether I’m an imposter or not later. Hurry up and appraise my alchemical pill first.” There was still a large pile of wagers awaiting his collection.

Zhu Zijun and the others were naturally enraged upon hearing this. Ling Han dared to claim to be the junior brother of a Four-Star Alchemist, and this was already a severe crime. Now, however, he was acting as if it weren’t a matter of concern at all?

“Fine, appraise it first!” Zhu Zijun said in a solemn voice.

Ran Fei nodded in understanding before beginning to appraise the alchemical pill. He opened this pill vial, and after taking a single sniff, his expression instantly changed.

Even the trashiest of alchemists could act as an appraiser for alchemical pills. After all, this was the most fundamental skill. If they couldn’t even appraise alchemical pills, they would have absolutely no hope of becoming an alchemist.

This alchemical pill... was extraordinary!

Ran Fei poured the alchemical pill out, and his eyes almost popped out from their sockets.

Three golden lines... Third Refinement!

‘Impossible!’

He looked up, and this caused both Shi Yong and Zhu Zijun to glance over. Their expressions also changed.

Third Refinement.

Even if Ling Han had only refined a one-star alchemical pill, just this alone was already enough to hand him victory.

No, they definitely couldn’t allow Ling Han to win!

Zhu Zijun immediately shook his head at Ran Fei.