Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1950: Love at First Sight

Liu Han endured the boiling pain in her chest, and said, “I’ve lost.” She accepted this result wholeheartedly.

Hu Niu felt extremely smug, and she said, “Ugly sh*t, you’re mine in the future. You’re not allowed to seduce any other men, do you understand?”

She suddenly realized that just beating Liu Han up wasn’t enough. After all, dying cinders might glow again, so this wasn’t a comprehensive approach. However, what if Liu Han fell in love with a non-existent person? At that time, this ugly sh*t wouldn’t try to seduce Ling Han anymore.

She was truly very smart!

A blush spread across Liu Han’s face. By saying this, was he announcing his ownership over her?

Just look, he was already becoming jealous, and not wanting her to have any relationships with other men. His jealousy was astonishing, yet she also felt that it was incredibly adorable. Her entire body became soft and limp.

“Mm-hm!” She lowered her head and nodded in obedience.

Everyone was stunned upon seeing this. He had won over the second most beautiful woman in the Wide Prosperity Heaven just like that?

‘Holy f*ck!’

Ling Han more so didn’t know whether to cry or to laugh. He hadn’t imagined that Hu Niu would ignore his words and not stay at home. Not only that, but she had actually disguised as a man to capture the hearts of beautiful women.

“Friend, how should I refer to you?” Liu Jie asked with a smile. However, his mind was filled with shock. Another monarch tier had suddenly appeared. Moreover, he hadn’t received any information about them beforehand. This left him extremely astonished.

Not only that, but this young man was also frighteningly powerful. He had defeated Liu Han in just a few strikes, and this reminded him of the freaks in the Wide Prosperity Heaven.

Hu Niu shot a sideways glance at him before placing her hands on her hips, and saying, “What, are you interested in Niu?”

‘F*ck!’

Everyone was drenched in sweat upon hearing this. This demeanor, this tone... Which part of him seemed like a man? He was clearly like a mischievous young girl!

Liu Jie involuntarily frowned, and said, “Friend, are you a man or a woman?”

“What’s it to you?” Hu Niu glared at him, and said, “I’m warning you, don’t have any indecent thoughts!”

Liu Jie’s frown became even deeper, and he said, “Since you’re a woman, why are you playing such a prank?”

“Brother, what nonsense are you speaking?!” Liu Han immediately chided. Her face was filled with anger, and she said, “How can he be a woman?”

Everyone was astonished upon hearing this. Had she gone blind? It was as clear as day that she was a female! Yet, she was still deeply attracted to her?

“Little sister, wake up! Look carefully; which part of her seems like a man?” Liu Jie said in a frantic voice.

Liu Han glanced at Hu Niu, and she only felt like his handsomeness was making her heart flutter. Although he was slightly feminine, this was because of his androgynous nature. How was he a woman?

These men were simply jealous.

Just look at them. Which one of them was even one-tenth as handsome as this handsome young man?

Hu Niu became even more smug, and she said, “Girl, you’re mine in the future.”

Ling Han shook his head, and said, “Hu Niu, enough with the nonsense.”

Hu Niu didn’t so much as glance at him, and she shouted, “Hu Niu? Who’s Hu Niu? Don’t utter such nonsense!”

Everyone facepalmed upon hearing this. She had just been referring to herself as Niu just then, so Hu Niu was almost certainly her name. Her futile denial was far too obvious.

“Come on, don’t misbehave,” Ling Han said in a gentle voice. He had a habit of treating Hu Niu like a mischievous glutton.

However, Hu Niu was extremely determined this time. If she saw someone as a threat, she would immediately rush over to capture their hearts first. That way, Ling Han would be safe!

As expected of Niu! She was far too smart!

She continued to ignore Ling Han, and she gestured for Liu Han to come over. The stunning beauty was extremely shy as she walked over. The two of them walked side-by-side, with one of them breathtakingly handsome and one of them as beautiful as a flower. At a glance, they were like a match made in heaven.

“Brother Ling, is this person your friend?” Liu Jie asked.

Ling Han rubbed his nose and nodded in confirmation. He was speechless at Hu Niu’s actions.

“Brother Ling, only you can resolve this situation,” Liu Jie said. He was extremely good at offloading responsibility, and he directly kicked the ball into Ling Han’s court.

The banquet continued, yet no one’s mind was on proper matters anymore. They were all glancing at Hu Niu and Liu Han.

One was wearing an expression of impatience, while the other was wearing an expression of shyness. There was also an expression of love and fondness in the latter’s eyes, and it was clear that she had fallen deeply in love.

Love at first sight was truly a dangerous matter.

Mo Shuang shuffled over with a gossipy expression, and asked, “Brother Ling, is that your wife?”

Ling Han glanced at him and didn’t reply.

“Then what should I do?” Mo Shuang asked with a pained expression. Not long ago, Ling Han had still said that he would help him pick up some girls. Now, however, Ling Han’s own woman had picked up some girls. Just what in the world was this?

“Just forget about it,” Ling Han replied. Hu Niu was determined to see this through, so there was nothing he could do about it, either.

“However, we still reaped great rewards today!” Mo Shuang said with an excited expression. After all, Liu Han only represented an impossible dream. He also knew that it was impossible for him to win her over, so he didn’t feel disappointed for too long.

“How much did we make?” Ling Han asked. His eyes also lit up.

“In terms of Star Stones alone, we made almost 7,000,000. In addition to this, we also obtained a large amount of Pseudo-Divine Metal and a large number of alchemical pills. In total, they’re worth more than 20,000,000!” Mo Shuang replied in a quiet voice.

Technically speaking, 20,000,000 wasn’t a huge amount for Ascending Origin Tier forces. However, two measly Severing Mundane Tier cultivators earning so much in a single day... This was an astounding number.

Even though Mo Shuang had experienced many grand things before, he still couldn’t help but be beside himself with excitement.

Ling Han nodded, and said, “We’ll split it 50-50.”

“How can we do that?” Mo Shuang hurriedly shook his head, and said, “Brother Ling, are you looking down on me? I essentially did nothing, and it was all thanks to Brother Ling’s astounding alchemical talent that we earned so much. I can only take 30 percent at most.”

“Fine,” Ling Han said. He didn’t insist on his original proposal.

However, Mo Shuang had done much more than he gave himself credit for. If it weren’t for his status as the seventh of the Mo Clan, who would have proposed a gamble with Ling Han?

Thus, giving him 30 percent wasn’t much.

When the banquet concluded, Ling Han followed Chen Dong and Ma Yong to visit Zhu Feng.

Using a Transfer Formation, they covered countless kilometers and arrived beneath a towering mountain. This mountain was like an azure mountain from the paintings, with limpid waters flowing in its midsts. The surrounding scenery was breathtakingly beautiful.

They ventured along the mountain path, and it wasn’t long before they arrived in front of a large courtyard. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Ling Han immediately hummed in surprise. This was because this courtyard looked far too similar to Alchemist Zi Cheng’s residence.

After entering, this feeling only became stronger. Even without Ma Yong and Chen Dong’s guidance, Ling Han could have definitely located the alchemy room, the main hall, the left and right garden, and the medicine garden.

By the looks of it, this Third Senior Brother still hadn’t walked out from Grandmaster Zi Cheng’s shadows. Even the layout of his residence was heavily influenced by that of Grandmaster Zi Cheng’s.

Of course, this could also be viewed as Zhu Feng reminiscing the past. Perhaps he couldn’t forget his experiences with Grandmaster Zi Cheng.

It wasn’t long before the three of them arrived at the guest hall. Ling Han looked over, only to see a middle-aged man sitting on the central seat. His eyebrows were thick, and his eyes were large. However, his hair was already all white. This appeared extremely conflicting with the rest of his features.

The middle-aged man laughed heartily upon seeing Ling Han, and said, “Junior Brother!”

With a single glance, Ling Han could already tell that this was Zhu Feng. It was clear that he wasn’t an impostor. Genuine grandmasters would all possess an indescribable aura. The greater their skill in alchemy, the more obvious this aura would become.

Ling Han also wore a wide smile as he strode over, and said, “Third Senior Brother!” When he arrived before Zhu Feng, he bowed deeply, and said, “Ling Han pays respects to Third Senior Brother.”

“No need for such formalities!” Zhu Feng said as he helped Ling Han up. He didn’t wait for Ling Han to bow even further. “I received Master’s message saying that he accepted a new junior brother for the three of us just then. I was still thinking what this Third Junior Brother looked like. Now, I finally have the chance to see you today!”

He turned around, and said, “Zijun, are you not going to kneel and apologize to your senior uncle?!”