Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1956: Boost of fortune

Xiu, xiu, two figures shot out of the blazing light whilst still fighting an incredibly intense battle.

Every time they clashed, it would cause great dao to vibrate, the mist to ripple, and a myriad of sights to appear.

“Hahahaha, great! Great!” Shi Xiuwen laughed madly, his braids dancing, his muscles bulging as multiple ancient seals appeared. That was his Divine Fetus showing its might, boosting his boundless power, as if he could split open the skies and break open the ground.

He was a member of the Golden Giant Race!

When the world first began, a great many Source Beasts were birthed. At the same time, a large number of human-shaped beings also appeared, such as the Bronze Giant, Golden Giant, and Thunder Giant. These existences naturally were also Celestial King Tier-level. However, with the long passage of time, some were still alive, while others had died in battle, and still others had gone missing.

For example, the Golden Giant Race. The ancestor of this race had gone missing. No one knew if he was dead or alive. It was as if he had completely vanished off of the face of this world.

But this did not affect the strength of his descendants. Once their bloodline awakened, they would become a Divine Fetus, and would be able to use the superpowers of the Golden Giant and possess boundless strength. At the same time, they also had astonishing defense.

Shi Xiuwen roared loudly, activating his ancient power, and pushing his battle prowess to its limit.

“Fight! Fight! Fight! Fight! Fight!” Hu Niu had also been spurred on by the battle. The image of the Roc manifested endlessly, and looked like it was actually about to solidify. A massive Roc had really appeared. As its wings flapped, its brilliance dazzled the ages.

At this moment, both of them were caught in an irresolvable battle.

“What?!”

Seeing such an intense scene of battle, whether they were the cultivators of the Wide Prosperity Heaven or Calm Peace Heaven, they all revealed an expression of shock and disbelief.

Those from the Wide Prosperity Heaven did not dare believe this reality. That was because they were too confident in themselves, and thought that any one of the monarch tiers from their side would be able to easily defeat the Severing Mundane Tiers from the Calm Peace Heaven, but now there was actually a young girl that could fight Shi Xiuwen to a stalemate. This naturally stunned them.

It should be known that while Shi Xiuwen was ranked ninth, from 10th to fourth, their strength was actually very close. In fact, it was possible that Shi Xiuwen might be even stronger than the fourth.

That was because when Shi Xiuwen had been in the ranking battles, he had lost his first battle to the heaven-defying freak that had eventually claimed the first place, so the former was heavily injured. And that was why he had repeatedly lost in the subsequent battles, finally falling into ninth place.

But even then, he still wasn’t the 10th, which was proof of exactly how strong Shi Xiuwen was.

And those from the Calm Peace Heaven also could not believe it. That was because a great many of them had heard that Hu Niu had once defeated Yan Xianlu, Shan Jitong, and Lao Song. She was definitely the strongest of the Severing Mundane Tier of the Calm Peace Heaven, but she was actually unable to suppress the ninth strongest of the Wide Prosperity Heaven.

But after they had exchanged more than 1,000 moves, the difference between them was shown.

Hu Niu had the upper hand!

Her hands were formed into claws, and as she brandished the seal of the Roc, her destructive power was incredibly terrifying. Even if Shi Xiuwen had extremely strong defense as the Golden Giant Divine Fetus, he was still mauled under her sharp claws.

What was astonishing was the fact that the blood that Shi Xiuwen shed was actually also golden. It was like liquid metal. The moment it landed on the ground, it solidified. Someone had even picked it up, and shockingly uncovered that this was actually Pseudo-Divine Metal!

This race was indeed astonishing. Liquid Pseudo-Divine Metal was actually flowing in their veins, so their physique was extraordinarily terrifying.

However, what was even more frightening was Hu Niu—she was actually capable of tearing through this kind of physique with her bare hands. Just how astonishing was this little girl’s destructive power?

“Hahahaha, you are the first woman that has managed to wound me!” Shi Xiuwen laughed raucously, and did not panic or lose his fighting spirit in the slightest just because he had been injured or had fallen into a disadvantage. On the other hand, his fighting spirit was soaring endlessly.

“Thus, I have decided to make you my woman!”

His fighting spirit blazed, turning into a hot cloud of volcanic ash. With its support, that golden giant became even mightier, a seal on its chest exuding blazing light, as if it had turned into a sun, and no one could look directly at it.

This was a real prodigy. When met with a strong opponent, not only would they not retreat, but would instead improve themselves, and break through their limits, pushing their battle prowess which might seem like there was no way of improving further a step further.

Hu Niu also flew into a thunderous rage, and declared, “Niu is Ling Han’s, you wild ape actually dare have designs on Niu, Niu is going to beat you to burst!”

Boom, her battle prowess also increased madly. Multiple veins appeared, and then suddenly struck out towards Shi Xiuwen with a sweep.

The great battle continued. Though Shi Xiuwen had broken through his own limits, Hu Niu was also a battle maniac. She similarly could break through her limits, and thus it was still Shi Xiuwen that was being suppressed.

However, though Shi Xiuwen looked like he was about to lose, who knew if he had a frightening ultimate move that could turn the tables? Thus, falling from a disadvantageous position to a true defeat was definitely not something that could be done in a short while.

Ling Han nodded. No wonder Yan Xianlu was no match for Shi Xiuwen. In truth, it was already very extraordinary that Yan Xianlu had managed to keep his life in the battle with Shi Xiuwen.

However, if it had to be said that Yan Xianlu was inferior to Shi Xiuwen in physique, battle talent, and celestial technique, Ling Han would definitely disagree.

The reason could only be the Eternal Prosperity Celestial King’s judgement that Yan Xianlu had conveyed: the Wide Prosperity Heaven had gained a boost of fortune from the heaven and earth. Thus, this generation’s young prodigies were much stronger than those from Calm Peace Heaven.

Shi Xiuwen’s strength, even in the Western Celestial Realm, could probably be ranked among the top in the Severing Mundane Tier. That was because Hu Niu was such an existence herself, and he was only slightly inferior to her.

Shan Jitong and Lao Song were both captivated, and had a feeling of despondency that they could not describe.

They were indeed slightly inferior to Yan Xianlu, but everyone knew that Yan Xianlu had been birthed on the Celestial Path. Moreover, he had a master that was an Eighth heaven Celestial King, so even if they were inferior, they could still accept that.

Furthermore, after advancing into the Celestial King Tier, the gap in physique would be leveled out. They were sure that they could catch up to him, and Yan Xianlu would no longer be able to shine all by himself ahead of them.

But when they saw Hu Niu and Shi Xiuwen’s battle, their confidence had collapsed.

They were all monarch tiers here, but the size of this gap could drive anyone to despair.

Was the difference in physique really so obvious?

Absolutely impossible!

Thus, even if they had all become Celestial Kings, they would still be unable to match Hu Niu and Shi Xiuwen. At most, they would only be able to manage a few counters before being defeated.

The intense battle was still continuing, and more and more monarch tiers had also arrived. They naturally were from the Wide Prosperity Heaven. When they saw Hu Niu and Shi Xiuwen’s battle, they all looked grim.

Shi Xiuwen was stronger than he had been in the ranking battles, but this young girl... was freakishly powerful!

Who was she? Where had she popped out from? Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

After fighting for a whole three days, Shi Xiuwen finally was still no match for Hu Niu, and stepped out of the battle.

“You are indeed stronger than I am!” he declared loudly, but did not lose his confidence just because he had lost one battle. Instead, his vitality and energy both soared to the peak. “Within 100 years, I will seek you out for another battle. By then, I will defeat you so that you will obediently become my woman!”

After he said this, he turned around and left, not giving Hu Niu the opportunity to rage.

Hu Niu was outraged, and was just about to set off in pursuit when Ling Han pulled her back. He shook his head at her, and said, “The next time he appears, I will beat him into a pig head so that he will never dare to be carried away by his delusions.”

Instantly, Hu Niu was elated, wrapping her arm around Ling Han’s arm, looking so completely innocent and lovable that anyone would want to spoil her.