Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1964: Climbing the mountain

The pool’s bottom was finally about to appear.

Ling Han exerted some more effort, and the Nine Heavens Flame blazed fiercely, evaporating the last bit of steam.

And now, the pool was empty. It was guaranteed that there would not be the slightest bit of liquid left.

Ling Han used the Divine Demon Sword like a spade, and began digging in the pool. This took him a further seven days, and only then did he manage to cleanly uproot the complex system of roots of the Celestial Bamboo, which he then stowed into the Black Tower.

What was unfortunate was that even the Black Tower could not nurture this Celestial Bamboo, unless it had gained its own intelligence, and could cultivate on its own like the Seven Lives Divine Clouds.

Ling Han dealt with the Celestial Bamboo. Though the fruit was extremely poisonous, it was also very useful, and could be used as a great fatal weapon. He plucked out the leaves of bamboo, which he then placed beneath the Reincarnation Tree. This could preserve its “freshness”, locking in the dispersion of the Regulations of heaven and earth, and could also further improve its medicinal effects by enshrouding it in the aura of the Reincarnation Tree.

He could not do anything to the bamboo stalk for now, and Ling Han could not extract too much strength even inside the Black Tower. Six-Star Pseudo-Divine Metal... he really couldn’t process it further.

Whatever, he would hand it over to a skilled craftsman to be made into something useful once he went out.

Ling Han exited the Black Tower, a smile on his face. After working hard for over a month, he had finally reaped a good harvest.

It was not the time to divide the loot now. Hence, the four of them immediately continued on their way. After over a month of delay, who knew if it would affect their chances of contesting for the great fortune on the three mountain peaks.

As they traveled, they naturally encountered a great many monsters again. There were a good few that were Earth soul-level among them. Ling Han did not draw on the power of the Black Tower, but rather used the poisonous fruit of the Red Spotted Green Bamboo to deal with one of them just to test out its effects.

He had only used a bit, which he smeared on the tip of the blade of the Divine Demon Sword. But when he delivered a stab, that monster immediately decayed.

Of course, Ling Han’s body had also been pierced harshly by the spikes of the monster, his entire body bleeding all over, almost damaging his Godly bones.

It was, after all, a powerful Earth soul-level attack. Even if it had been someone the likes of Yan Xianlu, he would probably have collapsed under such bleeding. But Ling Han had only bled a little. The strength of his physique could really be considered freakish.

The poison on the blade only weakened after seven uses, and by the 11th monster, it practically did not have any effect left.

Though Ling Han was pierced all over, he was very satisfied. He was gaining more and more of this Celestial King Bloodstone, which should be enough to allow the Empress and Hu Niu to gain a preliminary grasp of the Regulation of Slaughter. This Regulation was really extraordinarily powerful, and anyone who used it would know.

“...” Fairy Rou. ‘What about me? Me?’

Because there was no need for them to change course at all, Ling Han and his group’s speed naturally increased. Another two months later, they finally arrived at the foot of the left peak.

From a distance, it seemed like a peak, but upon closer look, this was rather an incredibly colossal mountain, with an unknown perimeter. Anyways, it was just overwhelmingly huge.

Weng, there would be occasional veined patterns glowing on the surface of the mountain, as if it had a life of its own, and was presently breathing.

Ling Han raised his head, and could see that there were presently a few people that were just beginning to climb. At first, their speed was very fast, but when the veins glowed, they immediately stopped, and held tightly onto the surface of the mountain. They only continued to climb further when the veins had completely dimmed.

“Ah!” Someone suddenly slipped, and dropped down from the skies.

There was a Regulation of Gravity here. It had far surpassed the level that Severing Mundane Tier could grasp. Thus, no one would be able to fly in this place. Peng, he directly dropped onto the ground, creating a deep pit in the ground.

After a while, that person finally clambered out of the pit. He was completely covered in blood, a few bones directly piercing out of his body. They were broken, and the bone marrow was visible.

How pitiful.

That person hurriedly consumed an alchemical pill, then sat down, and channeled his cultivation technique to guide the medicinal effects so that he could recover his battle prowess as soon as possible.

It was extremely dangerous to sustain a serious injury in this kind of natural Mystery Realm. Even if your opponent did not deal you a fatal blow, there would still be other dangers, such as the monsters that rampaged around in this place.

“Let’s go to.”

The four of them began climbing. Now that they had left the ground, they immediately felt how terrifying the gravity was in this place. Even for monarch tiers and emperor tiers like themselves, it was still extremely straining. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

“Ling Han, Niu wants you to carry me!” Hu Niu clung onto Ling Han’s back.

“So heavy!” Ling Han gritted his teeth. With another person’s weight, it was not something as simple as doubling the difficulty.

The Empress gave them a glance, and did not say anything, but instead directly ran, and grabbed one of Ling Han’s arms. There was nothing that could be done. The best position was already occupied by Hu Niu.

An idea flashed in Bewitching Maiden Rou’s mind, and she, too, approached shamelessly, clinging onto Ling Han’s other arm.

“F***, do you guys have no arms and legs?” Ling Han hissed. The combined weight of three people all added onto him alone caused the pressure he had to sustain to increase by at least 100 times, and he immediately felt like his arms and legs were about to be ripped off.

And this was because his physique was incredibly tough at that. Otherwise, his arms and legs would have been severed by now.

However, this could be considered as a good type of training exercise.

Ling Han no longer gritted or bared his teeth. Instead, his expression was solemn as he began to climb.

The moment he moved, the gravity increased considerably. Immediately, sweat was pouring down his forehead, and his whole body was soon completely dampened by sweat as well.

Weng, the mountain suddenly glowed, and a vein was streaking down from the summit like a lightning bolt.

Though this was Ling Han’s first experience, with a predecessor in front of him, he hurriedly remained stationary and unmoving, clinging tightly to the mountain with his body.

Peng, peng, peng. As the vein surged past, a strong feeling of repulsion also emerged from the mountain, wanting to send everything unfamiliar flying. Thankfully, Ling Han was sticking closely and strongly enough. Otherwise, he would definitely have been sent flying with the three women that were on him.

No wonder those people would remain unmoving at this time, yet some had still been sent flying down. It was indeed very powerful.

Ling Han pulled himself together, and continued his upwards climb.

His willpower was incredibly strong. Previously, he had even taken the Black Murderous Curse on to temper himself. This kind of willpower was definitely freakish.

Even if he was carrying three women, his speed was actually getting faster and faster. He was scaling the mountain like an agile monkey.

After an hour, those who had been ahead of him were already within sight.

Xiu, he surpassed them like he was a gust of smoke.

That was a man and a woman, and from the looks of it, they seemed to be a couple because they were climbing very closely together. When Ling Han passed them by, the man deliberately leaned towards the woman, obviously protecting her.

When they saw how Ling Han was not only advancing like he was walking on flat ground, and was even bringing three women with him at the same time, this couple both looked stunned, practically incapable of believing that this was possible.

After a while, the woman sweetly said, “Brother Ma, I, too, want you to carry me on your back!”

“Fine, get on!” The man gritted his teeth, and agreed.

The woman leaped onto the man, and hung onto him.

The man immediately hissed sharply, his forehead all creased. This was really too f******* heavy. Gritting his teeth, he began to climb. But just like with a mortal that was carrying a thousand-pound weight, it was incredibly hard just staying still, and moving was practically capable of killing him.

Just at this moment, a vein began to vibrate. The man hurriedly stood firmly on a mountain rock, but with the approach of the strong tremor, there was no way he could possibly hold onto the mountain rock. He had directly been sent flying.

“Ah!”

“Ah!”

This couple screamed out simultaneously, a string of curse words streaking through their mind. It was all Ling Han’s fault. If he had not been showing off in front of them, how could they have wanted to follow in his footsteps?

This highly difficult technique of showing affection in public was indeed not something that everyone could learn.

F***!

Xiu, the two of them soon turned into two tiny black dots, no longer seen again.