Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1981: Retreat

Ling Han’s expression was calm, and he said, “You can provoke me, but I’m not allowed to counterattack? Don’t be such a hypocrite! If you want to battle, then come at me!”

Shu Yarong howled in fury as she charged over.

She retrieved an ancient-looking mirror and pointed it at Ling Han, upon which a figure immediately crawled out from the mirror. Astonishingly, this figure was a mirror image of Ling Han. In fact, even its aura was exactly the same as Ling Han’s.

“Die!” the figure roared as it charged at Ling Han.

Boom!

Ling Han exchanged a punch with this figure, and he was instantly sent stumbling back. Only after retreating 17 steps did he finally come to a stop.

They were evenly matched, with neither being stronger than the other.

An expression of astonishment spread across Ling Han’s face. This figure looked exactly the same as him, and it was also just as powerful as him?

Sure enough, reincarnated Celestial Kings had all kinds of powerful techniques.

With a long cry, Shu Yarong immediately lunged at Ling Han. The figure that she had summoned also lunged toward Ling Han.

At this moment, Ling Han was facing the combined attacks of two incredibly powerful elites. He was instantly plunged into a perilous situation.

“I refuse to believe that a measly treasure can replicate my full power,” Ling Han said as he summoned his Divine Demon Sword. He wanted to see if the figure could also summon a Divine Demon Sword.

Sure enough, the figure didn’t draw a sword. However, it continued to replicate Ling Han’s actions, using its fingers like a sword instead. It slashed its fingers down at Ling Han.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

Ling Han exchanged blows with his two powerful opponents. He didn’t need to say much about Shu Yarong’s strength. She was the second-most powerful prodigy of the Wide Prosperity Heaven, and in her previous life, she had more so been a Seventh Heaven Celestial King. Thus, she was naturally very powerful. Meanwhile, the figure that she had summoned possessed a strength that could rival his. It was as if heaven and earth had made a carbon copy of him. There was only a slight difference in the techniques that it used.

In any case, they were a formidable duo who possessed overwhelming might. If their opponent were someone like Yan Xianlu, they could most likely obliterate them in a single strike.

However, Ling Han’s physique was far too powerful. Even though the attacks of his opponents had already reached the peak stage of the yin soul—even showing signs of reaching the earth soul—they could only draw a small amount of blood upon striking him. These attacks couldn’t even break his bones, much less wound him.

Ling Han roared with laughter, and shouted, “Come battle, come battle!” He was filled with fighting spirit, and he was completely unafraid even though he was outnumbered. He was brimming with confidence.

Ling Han unleashed the Heaven Destroying Nine Swords. If the figure could replicate even this sword technique, then it would be far too astonishing. After all, that would mean that Shu Yarong could easily obtain the Heaven Destroying Nine Swords from this figure.

The figure instantly unleashed a sword technique. However, this wasn’t the Heaven Destroying Nine Swords. Even so, the might of this sword technique couldn’t be underestimated.

Ling Han chuckled upon seeing this. Sure enough, this was only a treasured tool. Even though it was extraordinary, it was only able to replicate his aura and movements. It couldn’t replicate his mind and techniques.

He drew on the power of the Black Tower.

Boom!

Activating the Regulation of Slaughter and unleashing the Heaven Destroying Nine Swords, Ling Han ferociously slashed down at Shu Yarong.

With the power of the Black Tower, the might of this slash was naturally unfathomable.

Right now, the greatest power of the Black Tower was to stop time. If this ability could affect Celestial Kings, then Ling Han might even be able to slay Celestial Kings. Of course, even if this power was genuinely effective against Celestial Kings, it might only be effective for an infinitesimally short amount of time, so short that even Ascending Origin Tier elites wouldn’t notice it. Following this power to stop time, the Regulation of Slaughter and the Regulation of Space were also incredibly powerful.

Most importantly, the Regulation of Slaughter shared a common origin with the Heaven Destroying Nine Swords. Thus, the might of this sword technique was buffed by a considerable amount.

Swoosh!

It was as if this slash could obliterate heaven and earth.

Shu Yarong’s expression involuntarily changed. The might of this slash instilled a sense of apprehension within her.

She unleashed her full power to battle with Ling Han.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

The two top-notch monarch tiers became locked in a ferocious battle. At this moment, neither of them could seize the upper hand.

However, Ling Han was confident that if this continued, he would become the eventual victor. This was because his physique was far too powerful. He was already enjoying an indomitable position.

Shu Yarong also noticed this. During this intense battle, she continued to suffer wound after wound. Meanwhile, even though Ling Han was also struck by her and the figure that she had summoned, he suffered almost no wounds at all. Even if he did, those were nothing but a mere scratch.

Even though Shu Yarong was nowhere near losing her battle prowess, she was acutely aware that she would definitely end up in dire straits if this continued.

Perhaps that would be in half a year, or perhaps that would be in five or six years.

She gritted her teeth before suddenly turning around to leave.

She abandoned this meaningless battle.

She would kill Ling Han after advancing to the Dividing Soul Tier. She was confident that she could do so. This was because she had been a Celestial King in her previous life. Thus, she would immediately be able to wield an astonishing battle prowess upon advancing to the Dividing Soul Tier. She would be far superior to ordinary Dividing Soul Tier elites.

She would let this person live for a few more days.

She was extremely resolute, and she left with no hesitation at all. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Did she not want the Fiery Flame Lightning Strike Wood anymore?

No, she naturally still wanted it. However, she didn’t have to obtain it here. This tree was colossal, so where couldn’t she obtain the Fiery Flame Lightning Strike Wood from? Just then, she had arrived here by pure coincidence. However, she had also interrupted Ling Han and the others. Otherwise, the Fiery Flame Lightning Strike Wood might have already been obtained by Ling Han.

Ling Han pursued her for a few steps before giving up. His defenses were definitely invincible and unrivaled among those at the same cultivation level. In terms of battle prowess, however, the same was not necessarily the case. This was especially the case for speed. Shu Yarong had been a Celestial King in her previous life, so she possessed a terrifying amount of celestial techniques. At the very least, she was extremely skilled in fleeing.

In fact, this made a lot of sense. Becoming a Celestial King wasn’t easy, and thus the most important thing was definitely to protect oneself. Thus, it was understandable that they would spend a lot of time and effort on movement techniques.

“Come, let’s continue,” Ling Han said with a smile.

Bewitching Maiden Rou’s eyes were filled with adoration and reverence. This man was far too extraordinary. In the beginning, he had only been an outstanding king tier. However, in a short period of time, he had already grown to become an invincible emperor tier. Even Yan Xianlu—widely acknowledged to be the number one prodigy in the Calm Peace Heaven—had been overshadowed by him.

Now, Ling Han was even more impressive. Even the second-ranked prodigy from the Wide Prosperity Heaven had been defeated by him.

This kind of man, one who was so nice to her as well... Just what kind of divine treasure was the Heavenly Dao Jade? This treasure had forcefully raised her from the level of king tier to the level of emperor tier. Who else in the world was so generous?

“Woman, don’t you dare have any indecent thoughts! Ling Han is Niu’s!” Hu Niu said through gritted teeth. Why were these women so shameless? She had only left for a short few years, yet they had already seized the opportunity to attach themselves to Ling Han.

‘Detestable, truly detestable!’

“Let’s continue,” Ling Han said.

He was well aware that Shu Yarong wouldn’t give up so easily. She was definitely trying to obtain the Fiery Flame Lightning Strike Wood from some other location.

Moreover... she had a great chance of succeeding.

This was because she was a reincarnated Celestial King. As such, her essence was no weaker than that of the Fiery Flame Lightning Strike Wood. In fact, it might even be stronger.

Thus, they definitely couldn’t let their guard down, and they had to obtain the Fiery Flame Lightning Strike Wood as soon as possible. As long as they didn’t obtain this treasure, they couldn’t let their guard down.

The four of them sat down again. They channeled their cultivation techniques, and they fully unleashed their power, attempting to attract the Fiery Flame Lightning Strike Wood.

The days flowed by. This time, however, the Fiery Flame Lightning Strike Wood remained completely unresponsive. After being allured once, it was as if its standards had grown even higher. It wouldn’t be attracted easily.

Ling Han and the others didn’t give up. Since they had already succeeded once, they naturally couldn’t give up at such a critical time.

10 days, one month, three months...

Time flew by.

When they approached 100 days, a dense pattern of glowing veins finally appeared on the Fiery Flame Lightning Strike Wood again.

Who had attracted it?