Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1982: Collecting the Ancestral Tree

Celestial light entwined Ling Han and his group all around.

They were all Divine Fetuses, but were of different attributes. Furthermore, they were all extremely powerful, and under the full power boost, their power of Divine Fetus was completely released to attract this Source Power of heaven and earth.

To gain the recognition of a Source Power of heaven and earth, it had to be Celestial King Tier, at the very least.

Divine Fetus was the awakening of a Celestial King Tier bloodline.

Only Ling Han was different.

Though he was also stimulating the power of Divine Fetus, his true trump card was still the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll. This was a Heavenly Venerable Tier-level cultivation technique, ranking above Celestial King Tier.

The patterns on the Fiery Flame Lightning Strike Wood became brighter and brighter, and streaks of celestial light entwined around it, causing the whole tree to become incredibly magnificent, and making it appear in the midst of this foggy area.

Who exactly was drawing on the Ancestral Tree?

Weng, the Fiery Flame Lightning Strike Wood trembled lightly, and the tree’s trunk suddenly began to shrink.

At first, it was at a very slow rate, but only after a short while, the speed became extremely fast, and it was practically visible that this massive Ancestral Tree was shrinking, shrinking, and shrinking. It went from its initial colossal size that was so huge that the whole tree could not be taken in with a single look to becoming clearly within sight, and then turning into a small sapling.

Turning from a tree into a sapling, what did this mean?

The Ancestral Tree had already made its decision, planning to recognize someone as its master.

Who was it?

Xiu, the Fiery Flame Lightning Strike Wood suddenly uprooted itself from the ground. It was but three inches tall, yet was incredibly crystalline. Every single tree leaf bore fiery flames and lightning, a sight to behold.

What caused the expressions of Ling Han and the others to change drastically was that the Fiery Flame Lightning Strike Wood was actually flying slowly in a direction away from them.

Was it Shu Yarong?

This woman indeed could not be underestimated. Now that she was given the chance to make her move, it actually drew on the Ancestral Tree of heaven and earth!

However, it was clear that the Fiery Flame Lightning Strike Wood was still hesitating. Otherwise, it would have directly streaked through the air towards Shu Yarong instead of wavering and hesitating here.

There was still hope. In fact, this was where the true contest began.

Ling Han and the others all continued to draw on the Fiery Flame Lightning Strike Wood. No matter what, they were determined to “kidnap” it.

As expected, with their active display of power, the Fiery Flame Lightning Strike Wood soon stopped, and then flew over in the direction of Ling Han and his group.

‘Come on, come on.’

But the good fortune did not last. Only after a while, the Fiery Flame Lightning Strike Wood stopped again, and then flew on a wavering course in a direction opposite of them.

...Clearly, Shu Yarong had also discovered something was off, and had increased the effort of “seduction”.

As expected of a previous Celestial King, someone capable of standing against the four of them all on her own.

Ling Han relaxed his spirit. Boom, the Intent Realm of the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll was completely released, turning into an ocean that wrapped entirely around the Fiery Flame Lightning Strike Wood

The Fiery Flame Lightning Strike Wood trembled strongly, and then flew towards Ling Han in a flash.

When it arrived in front of him, this Ancestral Tree turned into a shooting star that sank into Ling Han’s forehead. Then, the seal of a tree sapling appeared on his head, but it immediately faded out.

The contest had finally come to an end, and Ling Han was the ultimate victor.

It could not be helped. The Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll was too strong. This was a Heavenly Venerate Tier-level cultivation technique, and it was rare to find one that could match it in terms of quality. If it were not for the fact that Shu Yarong had once been a Celestial King, and had countless methods, as well as something the likes of the brand of a Celestial King, it would have been completely impossible for her to engage in a tug-of-war with Ling Han. She would not even have the chance to interfere.

A furious roar of indignant anger rang out from afar. It was Shu Yarong. She had initially thought that she could obtain the Fiery Flame Lightning Strike Wood, yet all her efforts had come to nothing.

She did indeed have a reason for feeling unreconciled. That was because if Ling Han had not been here, she would have been able to collect this Ancestral Tree without a doubt.

Within Ling Han’s Dantian, the third Source Power of heaven and earth appeared, causing the two other strong Source Powers to descend into a power struggle. A fundamental change took place in the circumstances of the Lightning Source Power watching the show from the sidelines.

The Ancestral Tree of heaven and earth was naturally no weaker compared to the Xuanyin Source Water and Nine Heavens Flame, so as proper and expected, it wished to claim its own place.

However, how could two great Source Powers be willing to easily give up some of their own territory?

This naturally resulted in an inevitable power struggle. The three Source Powers fought intensely, and the three sides finally divided the territory into three, each claiming one side for their own.

The Source Power of Lightning found a sliver of presence in the crevices, occupying no more than three to four percent of the territory in his Dantian, its situation all the more miserable. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

And this wasn’t the worst of it, either.

As Ling Han’s grasp of the Regulations of Slaughter, Time, and Space became stronger and stronger, and they gradually became Source Powers, the space that Source Power of Lightning occupied would be further decreased.

Ling Hans stretched out his left hand, and with a mental command, that seal of a young sapling immediately appeared on his forehead. Then, a strange power surged, and streaks of green light entwined around his hand, endless vitality spreading out.

This was the Source Power that the Fiery Flame Lightning Strike Wood had manifested, bestowing on him a strong recovery ability.

Though this Ancestral Tree was constantly being struck by lightning and burnt by fire, it was also precisely because of that it still did not die, so how exuberant was its vitality?

Not only could it heal his own injuries, it could also be used on others.

Ling Han also had further enlightenment—that this was not only effective on its own, but could also refer to the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll, and further improve his self-recovery ability.

...The Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll was also ultimately created from referring to the cultivation techniques of various Immortal Beasts, and further fused with the comprehension of a Heavenly Venerate. Thus, the Source Power of heaven and earth was naturally able to increase its might.

This Heavens Scroll was more inclined towards defense and recovery. Thus, the Source Power of Wood that he had obtained now was able to lead to unexpected effects.

If Ling Han could gain the Source Power of Earth in future, then it definitely would be able to improve his defenses as well.

“Ling Han, you are so awesome. You are only a fifth severance, but you already have three Source Powers of heaven and earth!” Hu Niu exclaimed in excitement, not the slightest bit despondent because she herself had not obtained the Source Power of heaven and earth.

On the side, the Empress was also smiling gracefully, feeling happy for Ling Han.

If it had been the Empress or Hu Niu who had obtained this Source Power of heaven and earth, then Ling Han would also have been happy for them, and not felt the slightest bit of envy. They were a family.

Of course, it was a different story whether Hu Niu and the Empress would have felt happy if it had been either of them that had succeeded. It probably would’ve been very unlikely.

Though Bewitching Maiden Rou felt that it was a bit of a pity, she astonishingly discovered that she actually did not feel much jealousy, either, causing her to internally sigh. She probably had truly fallen in love with this quarrelsome guy. Otherwise, she would have felt some jealousy, right?

“We can finally go back.”

The moment this thought came to being, they felt an incredible longing, and began to rush outside the valley.

Though they had taken more than 80 years to reach this place, the majority of their time had been spent on comprehending the true meaning of the great dao and the Heaven Destroying Nine Swords. Thus, when it came time for them to leave, it was naturally much shorter. In a mere three months’ time, they had already arrived in the proximity of the valley entrance.

“So many prodigies have died this time round, and when the news spreads out, it will probably cause huge waves,” Ling Han said ruefully.

First, Ji Wuming had eliminated a great number of them, and then Ling Han himself had killed six of them. By now, there were probably just five or six left of the monarch tiers of the Wide Prosperity Heaven, not much more than the Calm Peace Heaven’s.

Furthermore, one still had to take into consideration that there were a good number of reincarnations of Celestial Kings among the monarch tiers of the Wide Prosperity Heaven. There were actually pitifully few prodigies that had depended on their own efforts to reach the monarch tier.

With such a massive blow, it was unknown how many years the Wide Prosperity Heaven would have to take to fully recover.