Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1996: Venturing deep into the ocean

According to the information that Ling Han had obtained, there were a total of seven levels of Yang Soul Stones. From bottom to top, they were red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, and purple.

Which also meant that the Yang Soul Stone had to reach the third level to be able to accommodate a divided soul, or it would shatter in the process of “hatching”. That would naturally mean that breaking through to the Dividing Soul Tier would end up in failure.

No wonder breaking through to the Dividing Soul Tier was so difficult, because one would have to kill a powerful great living creature the likes of the giant octopus. That was a Yin Soul Tier-level existence, and even a fourth severance emperor tier could only flee if they met with this kind of creature.

Thus, aside from monarch tiers, they could only kill small fish, and hope that many little drops could make an ocean, which made breaking through to Yang Soul Tier extremely and incredibly difficult.

After the Yang Soul Ocean opened, it would stay open for a period of time before closing. However, it would only be a few hundred years. The time was not definite. The shortest time period had only been over 100 years, and the longest time period had reached as many as 700 years.

To obtain yellow Yang Soul Stones in the longest time period of 700 years was already very, very difficult.

The four of them continued to charge towards the ocean bed. Clearly, the deeper they went into the giant ocean, the stronger the creatures they encountered would be, and the Yang Soul Stone they obtained would also be bigger and purer.

However, when they reached a certain depth, the pressure in the ocean also increased to a frightening extent. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Water was most gentle, but at the same time, it was also the strongest. With endless water pressure crushing down on him, even Ling Han was gritting his teeth slightly.

What was strange was that even though they had come all the way down here, they could still see the seven-colored rainbow above the ocean’s surface, and the light reflecting downwards caused even the inner depths of the ocean to be brightly lit.

A stream of water assailed them, causing Ling Han and his group to sway slightly.

They all grasped which direction the stream of water was flowing from, and then looked towards their left side. A colossal creature had appeared ahead of them.

This was a massive lobster. Its green outer shell was also translucent, and one could clearly see the veins and organs in its body. At the same time, there were also multiple seals of great dao, as if it was not just a living creature, but rather an enormous vessel that just looked a little strange.

The giant lobster had also caught sight of them. Its two massive eyes that looked like lanterns exuded a menacing coldness. Immediately, it changed direction and charged towards the four of them.

Shua, a huge pincer snapped over, multiple seals lighting up on it. Those were Regulations of Metal, which added endless destructive power to its attack.

Ling Han stretched out a hand, and pa

, this massive pincer snapped over his wrist.

The giant lobster showed a hint of cruelty. This was a Dividing Soul Tier creature, and even if it had been born in such a bizarre place, and it only thought about bloodshed, its intelligence was not the slightest bit low.

With this snap, such a puny human would definitely have his hand severed.

Ka, the pincers closed in, but the expected scene did not appear. Instead, multiple seals of great dao appeared on Ling Han’s wrist, and the light of Regulations flickered, blocking the pincers from severing his wrist.

It actually did not manage to sever this human’s hand?

The giant lobster looked shocked. Its pincers continued to close in, and there were also multiple golden seals flickering on its body, increasing the severing ability of the pincers.

Ling Han shook his head, and said, “You are only making a pointless effort. You had best just come obediently into my bowl.”

“Niu wants to eat too!” Hu Niu called out in excitement, saliva almost leaking from her mouth.

The giant lobster flew into a fury. Shua, another pair of pincers whooshed over.

“I already said that you are making a pointless effort!” Ling Han stretched out the other hand. Pa, this time he had grabbed the pincers.

The giant lobster was endlessly closing its pincers, but it could not manage to snap Ling Han’s hand or wrist in half. It was like an Earth Soul Tier elite had encountered Divine Metal, so how could any damage be done to the latter?

“Very confused, aren’t you?” Ling Han broke into a grin.

The colossal lobster was enraged. Finally, it did not attempt to sever Ling Han’s hand now. Instead, it released one of its pincers, and then brandished the other pincers. With a shua, it sent Ling Han flying backwards.

Ling Han stretched out a hand and pressed down, releasing a force that stopped him along his course. Then, he shot back where he had come from, and charged toward the giant lobster.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

The man and lobster battled fiercely. The large lobster was as strong as Earth Soul, and reasonably speaking, even a fifth severance monarch tier could not possibly be a match for it, but who asked Ling Han’s physique to be so freakishly strong? Thus, he could enter into an exchange of blows with this giant lobster.

But it would be very hard for the giant lobster to kill Ling Han, and it would not be easy either for Ling Han to destroy this large lobster. The battle had ended with a stalemate.

“I don’t have time to continue wasting on you!” Ling Han humphed lightly, and drawing on the power of the Black Tower, shua, the Regulations of Time flickered. That massive lobster’s movements instantly slowed and became lifeless, as if it had suddenly turned into wood.

This was time being stopped!

Ling Han drew the Divine Demon Sword, and stabbed right at the eye of the giant lobster. Pu, blood spurted out, and the sharp and violent aura of the Divine Demon Sword wreaked havoc inside the giant lobster’s body. Though this was only a Three-Star Pseudo-Celestial Tool, if it really penetrated the body, its destructive power would at least be able to match Five-Star Pseudo-Celestial Tools.

It was only a single strike, and this giant lobster’s vital signs were immediately and completely cut off.

Ling Han panted. An Earth Soul Tier-level opponent had indeed exceeded his killing range, and he had to use the Black Tower to be able to suppress such an opponent, but using an ultimate ability like Time Stop would also cause him to immediately lose any ability to continue fighting.

Hu Niu began to stow the lobster meat away, while the Empress drew out the Yang Soul Stone.

The stronger the marine creature they killed was, the more the Yang Soul Stone they obtained would be different as well. This one was flickering with green light, and was about the size of a human head.

Which also meant that this one could replace the previous 200 creatures.

Ling Han thought for a moment. Continuing to draw on the power of the Black Tower, and added with his own battle prowess, several hundred years’ time should be enough for him to gain an extremely great profit, but to attain the level of a purple Yang Soul Stone was practically an impossible feat.

He couldn’t help but feel regretful. Since he was going to advance into the Dividing Soul Tier, he wanted to barge into this level in his strongest state. Without reaching this standard, there would always be a weight on his heart.

Whether it was cultivation or alchemy, he aimed to be the strongest, and pursued perfection.

He could only take it slowly, or perhaps he could give up the chance of breaking through this time, and wait another few million years?

Next, it was naturally the Empress and Hu Niu that were the main military force, bringing Ling Han and Bewitching Maiden Rou along on their charge.

After he recovered his vitality in the Black Tower, Ling Han had recovered his battle prowess in merely a single day, but if he wanted to draw on the ultimate ability of the Black Tower again, that would only be possible a month later.

Hence, when they encountered Earth Soul Tier-level marine creatures, they could only flee, unless Hu Niu also used her ultimate power.

Ling Han did not ask Hu Niu to use this kind of power. After all, in this vast ocean, she had to save a trump card for herself no matter what.

Boom, a stream of water surged past, shaking Ling Han and the others. A massive skeletal fish was swimming over from a great distance away, its speed extremely fast.

At first, Ling Han thought that this skeletal fish had discovered them, but he soon realized that something was off because there was actually another person in front of this fish. However, because they had been too far off previously, he could not clearly see this person’s appearance, and only right when the distance had shrunk considerably did he finally discover his existence.

Yi!

This extremely proud, incredibly devilish guy was actually being chased all over the place by a fish?

“Hahahaha, Ling Han, we meet again!” Though Yi was fleeing, he did not look the slightest bit panicked. Instead, he even grinned widely at Ling Han.