Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 1998: Strength that surpasses the fifth severance

It was not that Ling Han had not seen elites before. A great many people had been able to defeat him easily in the past, but that was because all of them had higher cultivation levels than he did, and when their cultivation levels were equal, or even close to equal, he would always be able to turn the tables around and thrash the other.

Ji Wuming was the only exception.

They were both fifth severance, and had encountered a ceiling to their cultivation level, so it could be said that they could be no more equal than this.

In terms of foundations, Ling Han was confident that he had cultivated every step to the extent of perfection, and there could be no further space for improvement.

Thus, whichever way he looked at it, he should not lose to Ji Wuming.

Yet reality was always that cruel. He truly was inferior to Ji Wuming, and it was not just by a little bit, either, but rather a whole lot. If it were not for the fact that he had cultivated the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll, and had an incredibly tough physique, he would have long since been killed many times over by Ji Wuming.

Ling Han stood firmly, and touched the groove on his head. His expression of shock became even more pronounced. This blow from Ji Wuming had almost pierced through his skull.

A reincarnated Ninth Heaven Celestial King was indeed overwhelmingly strong.

Ling Han was sure that the reason why the other could be as strong as this had to be because the latter had used power that surpassed fifth severance. To say that a Ninth Heaven Celestial King was not able to bring some special powers with him as he reincarnated, Ling Han would not believe this even if it killed him.

Possessing Celestial King power would be like having the Nine Heavens Flame and Xuanyin Source Water, and it was a Nine Heavens Flame and Xuanyin Source Water that had attained Ninth Heaven at that.

The Fiery Flame Lightning Strike Wood immediately wavered slightly. Source Power of Wood activated, and the groove on the top of Ling Han’s head immediately recovered to its original state.

Ji Wuming... exactly how much power of Regulation had he grasped in the past? ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

“Having this kind of treasure makes you really hard to kill!” Ji Wuming frowned slightly. Xiu, his figure moved again, and this time his target had become Hu Niu.

“Ugly, see if Niu won’t beat you to death!” Hu Niu cried out. ‘You did not fight with Niu the first time or the second time. Are you looking down on Niu?

‘Niu is very angry!’

The little girl roared repeatedly, and a massive Roc appeared behind her. Spreading out its wings, it swiped them towards Ji Wuming, and with a sweep of its fish tail, it gave rise to colossal waves, which similarly crashed towards Ji Wuming.

“If you were Yi Yun reincarnated, I would give you some leeway. Unfortunately, you only possess her brand of martial intent,” Ji Wuming stated calmly. “Then, let me just extract it out!”

He stretched out a hand to clap onto the top of Hu Niu’s head, clearly planning to shatter Hu Niu’s mind.

“Niu is going to die of fury!” Hu Niu’s hands greeted the incoming blow. The image of the Roc almost became solid. Multiple ancient seals lit up, exuding an extraordinarily mighty aura capable of suppressing the heavens.

Yet Ji Wuming was completely unconcerned. His hands formed palm strikes, finger taps, punches, clapped, tapped, and hit, and he was extremely casual in his movements. However, any one of these movements was perfect, easily suppressing the shadowy image of the Roc, as well as suppressing Hu Niu so much that she could only defend passively.

A reincarnated Ninth Heaven Celestial King was really so invincible!

Ling Han and Yi released continuous battle cries, and they both set out in pursuit, launching a fierce offensive from either side.

Ji Wuming bared his mouth in a grin. His body shook, and two figures actually manifested from his body. They looked exactly like he did, and they charged towards Ling Han and Yi, respectively.

Something like the Empress’s doppelgangers technique?

Ling Han exchanged blows with one of the figures, yet immediately discovered that this was completely Ji Wuming.

Whether it was aura or strength, he could not be any more genuine than this.

It was definitely no doppelganger.

A thought immediately rose up in his heart—a divided soul!

After advancing into the Dividing Soul Tier, every cultivator would possess four divided souls, and they would be Heaven Soul, Earth Soul, Yang Soul, and Yin Soul. Because these four divided souls had been “broken” off of the main body, in essence, there really was no difference between them and the original.

But Ji Wuming was clearly only in the Severing Mundane TIer!

In theory, this should be an absolutely impossible feat, but Ji Wuming was a Celestial King in his last life, and a supreme existence of the Ninth Heaven at that. In that case, it would not seem strange that he would be able to break the iron rule, and possess some special abilities.

Peng!

Ling Han and this divided soul of Ji Wuming exchanged blows. He was immediately blocked, but this divided soul of Ji Wuming actually trembled as well, and slowly disappeared into nothing.

It vanished!

Realization dawned on Ling Han. Ji Wuming indeed could use the ability of the Dividing Soul Tier, but he was only a Ninth Heaven Celestial King in his last life, after all, and could not surpass the limits of this heaven and earth. Thus, the Dividing Soul Tier power he could use was also limited.

At least it bought time. It had vanished only after blocking a blow from Ling Han.

On the other side, Yi had also been blocked by Ji Wuming’s divided soul. He gave a humph, and continued to charge towards Ji Wuming.

But taking this opportunity, Ji Wuming had also suppressed Hu Niu completely.

Theoretically, Hu Niu should not have been so passive, but Ji Wuming seemed to be very familiar with Hu Niu’s strength. Every blow from Hu Niu seemed to fall within his expectations, so how was she supposed to continue like this?

Only after a few dozen moves, and Hu Niu was in a precarious position, and every time Ling Han and Yi were about to catch up with them, they would be blocked by Ji Wuming’s divided souls—though those disappeared very quickly, they very soon could be recovered and used again. There was practically no solution to this.

It looked like Hu Niu was about to no longer hold up, and Ling Han could only use the power of the Black Tower again, and exchange positions with her.

Ji Wuming was not surprised. Instead, he showed a mocking expression. “I was waiting for you!” His right hand formed a fist, and blasted towards Ling Han’s mind. Weng, nine-colored celestial lights condensed, and actually turned into a sword that descended directly.

Instantly, Ling Han felt a coldness that could not be described, feeling that this strike really had the ability to kill him.

He hurriedly activated the power of Divine Fetus. Boom, his whole person turned into a fiery flame, which formed an incredibly ancient seal. Even in this ocean, it could burn fiercely, and dazzle the nine heavens.

Pu, Ji Wuming’s sword stabbed down, blasting into the fiery flames.

Ling Han dodged with a flutter of flames, and had already appeared 300 meters away. The flames on his body gradually went out, and there was shockingly a large hole at the right side of his temple, blood dripping out of the wound copiously.

That strike from Ji Wuming had almost destroyed both his form and spirit!

This was too terrifying. It was clearly not a Celestial Tool, being only fused from nine streaks of celestial light, yet its destructive power was indescribably frightening, and even Ling Han’s physique could not stand against it.

Furthermore, this was still in a situation in which Ling Han had used his power of Divine Fetus, added with dodging to the best of his ability. Otherwise, he would’ve still been unable to escape from this calamity, and he would have been forced to use Rising From The Ashes.

Ji Wuming showed slight surprise, and said, “The brand of great dao from the Heavenly Flame King? Your good fortune is really great, brat, that you still managed to escape from this calamity!” His offensive against Hu Niu was actually a lure because he wanted to make Ling Han use his Spatial Exchange.

Though this method could save another, it would also cause Ling Han to sink into a disadvantageous position, and he could only submissively be beaten. Thus, this would create the best opportunity for Ji Wuming to make a move.

Too bad, Ling Han still managed to escape with his life.

Ling Han used a Source Power, and recovered the wound on his forehead, but there were nine-colored celestial lights wreaking havoc in his wound, stopping the latter from recovering. Even the Fiery Flame Lightning Strike Wood was practically helpless against this, and the speed of recovery was frighteningly slow.

Ling Han channeled the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll again, and with the Heavenly Venerable Tier cultivation technique added with the Source Power of heaven and earth, he managed to slightly speed up his recovery ability.

“We should no longer fight alone. We would only be defeated one after another,” Ling Han said gravely. In terms of battle experience, even if all of them added together and multiplied 100 million times, it was still impossible for them to be a match for Ji Wuming.

Thus, they definitely could no longer fight without any organization.