Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2000: Venturing deep into the ocean bed

Above blue grade, there was still indigo and purple.

Ordinarily, yellow grade would be able to accommodate a divided soul, but the divided soul that was cultivated from it would be limited in strength, and was definitely far inferior to the original. If this was judged on the standards of the Severing Mundane Tier, this probably could be considered just barely Severing Mundane Tier.

You had indeed broken through to the Dividing Soul Tier, but you were the weakest of Dividing Soul Tiers.

Green grade was much stronger, and could be considered the equivalent of an ordinary Severing Mundane Tier.

Blue grade corresponded to a flawless severance.

From this aspect, using a blue grade Yang Soul Stone was already very impressive, but the Severing Mundane Tier could still deliver a severance at the heaven and earth, and reach the fifth severance. In the Dividing Soul Tier, there naturally was also options above perfections.

And that was using an indigo and purple grade Yang Soul Stone to break through.

The problem was this was completely impossible in the available time. Every further grade higher, the number would have to increase by 200 times, and correspondingly, one would also have to commit 200 times the original time. Then, to attain blue grade would theoretically need more than 100 years, so what about attaining indigo grade? And how long would purple grade require?

Perfection sounded impressive, but Ling Han was not content. In his eyes, only a purple grade Yang Soul Stone could be called perfection.

And the opponent he had to defeat was Ji Wuming!

Breaking through with a blue Yang Soul Stone?

It wasn’t enough!

“Then just go to the ocean bed,” Small Tower suddenly said. “After every closing of the Yang Soul Ocean, all the living creatures would die out, and then a new batch of living creatures would be slowly nurtured. And at the ocean bed, there would be the carcasses of these living creatures.”

Realization dawned on Ling Han. “Then if there were Immortal Palace Tier-level creatures, there would be indigo grade or even purple grade Yang Soul Stones!”

“Finally no longer so stupid,” Small Tower said disdainfully.

The proud Tower indeed could not change its habit of having a poisonous tongue.

Ling Han shook his head, and did not bother with it. No wonder this place would only be open for a limited time, and no wonder that Dividing Soul Tier or even Immortal Palace Tier elites would not be able to enter. If it was up to Severing Mundane Tiers themselves hunting, how could they possibly obtain purple grade Yang Soul Stones?

Even Ji Wuming would not be able to succeed.

‘It is practically impossible for others to go to the bottom of the ocean, because their physique would not hold up. Even if they formed a defense with their Origin Power, there would be a time when they run out of strength, and they would be buried alive in the ocean.

‘But it is different for me.

‘My physique will not be weakened at any place or time,’ Ling Han thought, and then immediately informed the three women.

The Empress and Hu Niu would naturally have no disagreement. They nodded immediately and entered into the Black Tower, while Bewitching Maiden Rou still wanted to bargain, wanting Ling Han to get her a purple grade Yang Soul Stone as well. However, Ling Han directly picked her up and tossed her into the Black Tower.

Only now did Ling Han advance towards the deeper waters.

He had not gone too deep when the water pressure began to increase madly. However, Ling Han’s physique was too tough. Merely in terms of physique, even Ji Wuming could only exclaim in shock and admit defeat.

Ling Han was completely unconcerned. Without needing to bother about Hu Niu and the others, he naturally no longer had any reservations.

He went continuously deeper, and half a day later, he had dived twice deeper than his original depth, and then it was further two times, three times, and even one with his physique was slightly strained there.

Thankfully, he had the Black Tower. If he could not hold up, he could duck inside and recover some of his stamina. This was unlike others: even if they also had a Spatial God Tool, they would have to use their own Origin Power and Regulations to protect it instead at this time, or it would definitely be crushed by the water pressure instantly.

At this depth, the ocean bed was not too far away. It was about a few hundred meters away, and was within sight.

Since that was the case, there was no need for him to stand on the ocean bed.

Ling Han swam as he searched for the carcasses of living creatures on the ocean bed.

It was definitely difficult for any of the others to reach this depth. The whole ocean was as silent as a grave, undisturbed and serene. This increased the range of visibility, and Ling Han could see a large area with a single glance.

The underwater world was bleak, only having endless white sand. If this was not at the ocean’s bed, then anyone would think that this was an expansive desert.

He swam at a depth that was close to the ocean bed, and after traveling for a day, his eyes suddenly lit up.

A small hill had appeared ahead.

White sand covered the entirety of the boundless ocean bed, so how could a small hill possibly appear here?

That was because this was no small hill, but rather the carcass of a gigantic marine creature.

With how big it was, the Yang Soul Stone it had left behind definitely had to be extraordinarily big as well.

Ling Han channeled a celestial technique, and the Source Power of Water activated. It could display extraordinary effects in this ocean. Now that he had reached this depth, even his physique could not hold up, and he had to draw on the power of Regulation.

He continued his descent, and saw that this was a massive turtle. It really was as tall as a mountain, and the majority of its body was still maintained in completely perfect condition, while a small part had begun to decay.

Ling Han delivered a stab, but the Divine Demon Sword was actually incapable of causing damage to this massive turtle’s body. 𝒂ll new st𝒐ries at n0ve/lbi/𝒏(.)c𝒐m

So tough.

He tried a few more times, but he was still unsuccessful. He could only turn his attention to the place that had begun to decay, and then stabbed out his sword once more. This time, he had finally successfully penetrated the flesh.

The massive turtle’s shell was too strong, and Ling Han couldn’t even damage the surface. He could only enter through the hole that he had created.

This was a colossal creature. One foot was comparable to a mountain peak, and Ling Han hacked his way inside. After spending four days, he finally reached the head of the massive turtle.

“Yang Soul Stone, indigo grade!” Ling Han couldn’t help but feel elated. This Yang Soul Stone in front of him was slightly bigger than all the others.

True enough, there would be lucky encounters here.

Ling Han stowed this Yang Soul Stone into the Black Tower together with some turtle meat. Though this massive turtle had already been dead for 100 million years, because its level was too high, its blood and flesh were still maintained at a very fresh condition.

If it were not for the fact that this gigantic turtle was too big, and he couldn’t stow the whole thing away, and also because of limited time, so he could not collect too much, Ling Han would definitely not content himself with this little bit of harvest.

He shared the joy of victory with the three women inside the Black Tower, and then continued on his way.

Indigo was not his target, either. In fact, even a fused purple Yang Soul Stone was not. Instead, his target was a naturally formed purple Yang Soul Stone.

And it was in this ocean that was cut off from the rest of the world that marine creatures could grow as much as they could, but there was still a limited number that could attain Heaven Soul. Ling Han spent 10 years’ time, but still only obtained 14 indigo Yang Soul Stones.

However, a purple Yang Soul Stone was still so far away that it seemed forever.

Ling Han calculated the time. Using the lowest limit of 100 years to calculate, even fusing a purple Yang Soul Stone seemed pitiful, but to obtain a natural one... This seemed to be even farther.

Continue searching then.

Ling Han continued his search. Sometimes, he would be lucky and would find two or three in a year, but there were times that he was not, and had no gains for a consecutive two to three years—one of the reasons was because he had encountered powerful marine creatures, which chased him all over the place. What time would he have then to look for Yang Soul Stones?

Time passed quickly, and 100 years had already passed, but there was not the slightest bit of change in the massive ocean. It seemed like it was eternally maintained in this condition.

According to the experience of predecessors, Ling Han looked at that seven-colored rainbow. One of the bands had become white, while the other six still retained their original hue.

...When the Yang Soul Ocean was about to close, the seven-colored rainbow would become entirely white, and by that time, there was still around 100 years of buffer time, and only after that would it truly close.

Going by this calculation, there were still about 700 years left.

700 years, was that enough to find one or even more purple Yang Soul Stones?