Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2011: Super tsunami

Ling Han sighed in relief. Ultimately, he was not a great bringer of calamity that would constantly attract all kinds of enemies.

But thinking further, did natural disasters not count?

He was very depressed. Could it be that there was not one time when he could just peacefully travel, have a meal, or take a nap?

Everyone on the ship started moving. Those that had to go on the deck went, those that were to go to the helm went, and they were all making preparations to meet the tsunami.

Ling Han also arrived at the deck. Casting his gaze further, he saw that a massive wave as tall as 30 kilometers had shockingly appeared ahead of them, and it was presently crashing down in their direction. And amidst the wave, he could also clearly see multiple seals rippling and glowing.

Thus, this was not an ordinary large wave, but was the equivalent of an overwhelming blow from an elite.

“At least Ascending Origin Tier in level.” Ling Han stared at those seals for a while, and immediately came to a conclusion.

To ask him to determine the cultivation level of someone that was stronger than himself was very difficult, but the seals of great dao could not be clearer. They could directly reflect the strength of an attack.

This was definitely Ascending Origin Tier’s level. If Ling Han were to simply approach just like that, he would probably be crushed to pieces directly.

“Quick, everyone stimulate the protective formation,” someone called out loudly from the sidelines.

Ling Han also leaped over. Since he had already boarded their ship, he naturally had to do his duty now that they had encountered danger.

There was only a protective formation on the ship, but there were more than a dozen formation eyes, through which one could input Origin Power, and activate the might of the formation.

Ling Han did not keep anything reserved, and put his all into it.

Weng, this formation eye immediately lit up. Weng, weng, weng, the formation eyes lit up one after another, and the protective formation of the ship had also been activated, forming an oval-shaped shield of light.

Peng, the waves assaulted, heavily slamming into the light shield, and causing the light shield to tremble for a while.

This massive wave was not just a powerful attack, but was also a slam of power of Regulations.

Boom, boom, boom. The crest of the wave rolled past, and Regulations endlessly struck, causing the protective light shield to become weaker and weaker. Boom, this massive wave finally passed completely, and the protective light shield also crumbled completely with a tremor.

Thankfully, it was already over. If the protective formation had crumbled just a little bit earlier, they would all have been in big trouble.

Yet before they could manage to feel joy, they saw that another massive wave was heading towards them.

There was actually another!

Everyone was stunned, and hurriedly went off to stimulate the formation again.

Weng, with the concentrated and completely unreserved efforts of everyone, the light shield reappeared.

Peng!

The massive wave hit. The light shield trembled strongly, and looked to be on the brink of crumbling at any time.

This time, they were also very lucky. The protective formation had crumbled after the large wave had swept over it.

But behind this giant wave, there was a third one.

Was there no end to it?

No one had the time to curse as they once again stimulated the formation.

The third time, the fourth time, the fifth time... These tsunami waves were practically endless; one after another came in assault, as if they would never stop. When more than 700 massive waves had swept over them, everyone was panting in fatigue, almost about to sprawl out in their weariness. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Even if they were all Celestials, they could not bear such expense, but for the sake of their lives, they had no choice but to expend themselves time after time.

Those that had alchemical pills ingested them with all their might. Even if they could only recover just a bit of Origin Power, it was better than nothing.

800, 900, 1,000... The massive waves came endlessly.

Pa, someone collapsed due to exhaustion. He had directly passed out.

In this way, the pressure on those that were left naturally increased greatly as they would have to cover up for the shortage of that one person.

1,200, 1,400!

Pa, pa, pa. Continuously, there would be people collapsing, not just at this formation eye, but also at the other formation eyes.

At first, Ling Han wanted to have the Empress and the others come out to give a hand, but he immediately dismissed the idea because there was too much of a gap. The three women would only be like a cup of water poured on a burning cart of firewood—completely incapable of causing any change to the present situation.

Furthermore, this was still because there was an Ascending Origin Tier great elite who had been resisting the tides at the ship’s bow. If it were not for the fact that he had dispelled a portion of the power of the waves, this massive ship would have long since been dismantled.

Boom! Boom! Boom! Crack!

After about 1,500 massive waves crashed down on them, this large ship had also reached its limits, and shattered loudly.

Instantly, everyone was sent flying.

“Dive to the seabed, and you all are guaranteed not to die!” that Ascending Origin Tier elite shouted loudly.

Everyone hurriedly dived because the crest of the next wave was already rapidly approaching.

30 meters? Not enough. 300 meters? Still not enough. 3,000 meters? Just barely.

Some had not managed to dive to this depth in time, and when the massive wave swept over, they were instantly crushed into mush. The crest of a wave that contained Ascending Origin Tier-level power was really too terrifying.

And the silver lining of all this was that this was only power at the Ascending Origin Tier. If it had been at Celestial King Tier, then all of them would only have been instantly obliterated.

None of them dared to surface. On the contrary, they all tried their best to dive deeper. The deeper they dived, the safer they naturally would be.

One day, three days, 10 days... After a total month, this bout of tsunami waves had finally slowed down.

It had slowed down, but not stopped.

The might of the tsunami waves had already dropped to the Severing Mundane Tier in level, but their coverage had widened instead. Furthermore, there was no rhythm to it at all. One moment, they would be coming from their left, and the next, they would come from their right, and at another moment, they would come from below them.

In this way, everyone had been separated.

Hu, Ling Han surfaced from the sea, and saw that there were merely seven people around him. Coincidentally, Qin Wei, who had brought him onboard, was also among these seven people. Casting his eye further, Ling Han realized that there were also a few people very far away, but this number was much, much smaller than the initial number that had been on the large ship.

Clearly, the majority had been pushed by the tsunami waves to a very far distance.

Ling Han got hold of a piece of broken deck. The boundless sea was very unique. Swimming in it would be extremely straining. Unless there was no other option, no one wanted to waste the effort.

The others did the same. Because there were not enough pieces of deck, some people would be sharing a piece between the two of them.

Gradually, people gathered over, and when true peace had returned, there were only a total of 34 people there. The whereabouts of the others were unknown. They might have died, or they might have gathered to become a second large group.

It was not that there was no ship, but to travel in the boundless seas, a special ship was needed, or they would very easily be sunk by the large waves.

Thus, no one would waste a ship. They simply sprawled themselves out on the deck, going with the flow of the water and waves.

To depend on one’s effort to swim to the ends of the boundless sea was really just empty words. What everyone could hope for was that another merchant ship would pass by, and take them onboard.

Ling Han had another hope, and that was Lu Hairong. By now, she had to be looking for Hu Niu everywhere, and finding him naturally meant finding Hu Niu as well.

After a few days, a strong wind began to blow on the seas. It was indescribably strong, causing everyone to ride on the waves, their speed even faster than they had been when they were on the ship.

Seven days later, a dark shadow appeared ahead of them.

“It can’t be a Sea King Class, right?” someone asked shakily.

That would be too terrifying. If they encountered a Celestial King Tier beast, destroying them would only be a piece of cake.

“No, that’s an island!’

“Yi, I think I see buildings as well.”

“That’s great. We can recuperate for a while there. Furthermore, the trees that grow in the boundless sea can be used to build a ship. We only have to set up some simple formations for travel, and we can then cross the seas.”

“That’s right. As long as we don’t meet with massive winds or waves, that would be enough.”

Everyone became excited, and rowed strongly with their hands, heading towards the island.