Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 204: The Three Styles of Black Origin

Translator: _Dark_Angel_ Editor: Kurisu

Guang Yuan said, “If a normal martial artist in Element Gathering Tier went into seclusion for a whole month, he would have definitely died. But you brat can actually still manage to open your mouth and talk, this is really strange!” He directed a burning look at Ling Han, as if he wanted nothing more to dissect Ling Han to launch a full investigation.

In truth, Ling Han had still had eaten in the first ten days, but he did not have any food in the twenty days after that. Not even he himself had noticed the passage of time. He had merely merged the five Elemental Origin Nuclei, and when he came out of seclusion after succeeding, he realized that twenty days had passed.

At that time, he was in a very intriguing state, as Spiritual Qi was his food and helped to maintain his vitality.

After a martial artist stepped into Flower Blossoming Tier, he only needed to absorb Spiritual Qi to survive, as there would be a complete change to his level of being after breaking through to Flower Blossoming Tier and he would not have to depend on food.

Previously, he merged together the five Element Origin Nuclei to capture that evasive one, and united with the Dao of this world, which was equivalent to having temporarily raised the level of his being to this level, and so he had entered into this state ahead of time.

However, now that he was out of that state, he immediately felt hungry and weak.

Liu Yu Tong fetched some fruits, and Ling Han immediately began to eat. He had to first fill his stomach before eating any meat; otherwise, his body would not be able to take it.

Guang Yuan stared at Ling Han. He kept feeling that something was off. He suddenly clapped his hands, then exclaimed, “That’s right, why has your cultivation fallen back to the first layer of Element Gathering Tier?” Previously, this brat was obviously in the ninth layer of Element Gathering Tier.

When a martial artist went into seclusion, that was for the purpose of breaking through to a higher cultivation level. However, even if the attempt failed, the cultivation level should not regress even a bit, what more all the way from the ninth layer to the first.

This was practically unheard of. In the whole world of martial arts, what other person could do that?

Liu Yu Tong became worried. She looked at Ling Han closely, and indeed sensed from the aura emanating from Ling Han’s Dantian that there was only one Origin Nucleus there. She instantly paled, but when she thought about the fact that Ling Han would definitely feel worse than her, she hurriedly comforted him, “It’s all right. With your cultivation rate, it would only take two to three months for you to return to the ninth layer.”

Ling Han smiled slightly. He naturally knew his own situation. Though there was indeed only one Origin Nucleus in his Dantian, he was a few times stronger than when he was in the ninth layer of Element Gathering Tier. However, he did not explain as this issue involved too much. Moreover, it was likely no one would believe him even if he did.

“That’s not right!” Guang Yuan was flustered as his eyes stared at Ling Han’s Dantian in concentration, and he said, “You are obviously only in the first layer of Element Gathering Tier, but why is that I get such a powerful feeling from you, as if… I am facing someone in the first layer of Gushing Spring Tier!”

The first layer of Element Gathering Tier could compare to the first layer of Gushing Spring Tier? If he actually said this in public, he would definitely be smacked, as others would think that he was muddled from too much drinking and would attempt to sober him.

However, Ling Han nodded internally. Spiritual Ocean Tier was Spiritual Ocean Tier, after all. His eyes were indeed much sharper.

“Hahaha, how could that be? My eyes must have got blurred.” Guang Yuan laughed loudly, as he smacked his own head.

Pu!

Ling Han almost choked. He had just praised Guang Yuan for having sharp eyes when this guy immediately smacked his praise back into his face.

“Right, there’s a silly brat that came over to look for you a few days ago. He said something about having accomplished the promise of a month. He has to go do something, then he will return to listen to your commands,” Guang Yuan said.

Oh, that should be Zhu Wu Jiu. He has broken through to Gushing Spring Tier.

He said he was going to go do something? Then, he must have definitely gone to challenge Nangong Ji to a battle. He was indeed a loyal man.

Ling Han nodded internally. If it was not for the fact that Zhu Wu Jiu had this kind of personality, the most he would have done was pass on the cultivation technique of the Silver Moon Race to him, and not allow him to stay by his side—how could it be possible that anyone random could have the chance to stay by his side and be commanded by him?

After eating some more fruit, Ling Han managed to regain some energy. After a while, he began to eat a full meal. Hu Niu did not mind accompanying him in eating. As a result… she ate ten times more than what he had eaten, and this was merely what the little girl did casually to accompany him for the meal.

Ling Han excused himself, saying he intended to go to cultivate. He went alone into the small forest outside. He wanted to do a full evaluation of his current power.

He concentrated his Origin Power in his fist, and when he had reached the limit, he suddenly punched out. The power of his punch burst out, and it actually became a solid fist that was the size of a human fist that flew forwards.

Peng, peng, peng . In front of him, over ten big trees were toppled by the attack, creating a plume of dust as they crashed onto the ground.

Ling Han drew back his fist, a hint of satisfaction on his face.

The strength of this punch was indeed comparable to the attack of a martial artist in the early period of the first layer of Gushing Spring Tier, as if the tenth layer of Element Gathering Tier was the first layer of Gushing Spring Tier. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

‘Breaking through from the Element Gathering Tier to the Gushing Spring Tier is a solid leap in strength. There would at least be a tenfold increase in strength. Then, by the time that I truly break through to Gushing Spring Tier, my strength should be able to compare to the sixth or seventh layer, what more battle prowess.

The higher the cultivation level, the more difficult it is to challenge an opponent in a higher cultivation level. However, after merging the Origin Nuclei, my ability to challenge someone stronger than me has instead increased. When I was in the first layer of Element Gathering Tier, I only had about five to six Stars of battle prowess.

With the support of such great strength, then wouldn’t I be able to begin cultivating a Black Grade martial arts technique?’

Ling Han was moved. If he was able to use Black Grade martial arts techniques at this point, then this would be a terrifying increase to his battle prowess.

“Let’s give it a try!”

He flipped through the contents of his memories, looking for a cultivation technique that was suited to him. However, because he was aligned to all five Elements, aside from Lightning Element martial arts techniques, he could actually use any kind of martial arts techniques. Thus, there was a large variety of choices available to him.

‘Then, I’ll use this one. ‘Three Styles of Black Origin’. This is a sword technique that that guy, the Sword Emperor, has used before. According to rumors, it was precisely when he pondered this sword technique that he came to form Sword Ray. When he came begging me for alchemical pills, I asked for this sword technique in exchange. It was only something I did on impulse at the time, but I never thought that I would truly make good use of it!’

He sat down in a cross-legged position and began to analyze this sword technique in his head.

This was a Black Grade high level martial arts technique. However, there were also superior and inferior martial arts techniques even if they were all in Black Grade high level. Some were so powerful they were actually close to Earth Grade. If there was a rank from one to ten points to grade the martial arts techniques, then the majority of Black Grade high level martial techniques would be ranked below five points, while occasionally there would be a few that were worth six or seven points.

However, the Black Origin Sword Technique was worth ten points!

This was merely a small step away from Earth Grade martial arts techniques. It could be claimed as the strongest technique for anyone who had yet to reach Spiritual Pedestal Tier.

However… the words were complicated, and very difficult to understand.

Thankfully, though Ling Han was only in Element Gathering Tier, with regards to comprehension of martial arts, he was indeed in Heaven Tier. Perhaps it would still be a bit difficult for him to comprehend Heaven Grade martial arts techniques, but Earth Grade martial arts techniques were naturally a piece of cake to him, what more when this technique was merely close to Earth Grade.

“First style, Mysterious Three Thousand!

Ling Han brandished his sword. His movement was obviously very rough, and did not have much force behind it. In fact, it was a bit staggering from side to side. If anyone had seen this, they would likely have fallen down in laughter.

‘The Sword Emperor was indeed a maniac. To actually learn this sword technique when he was only in Element Gathering Tier!’ he cursed internally. Even with his comprehension abilities of Heaven Tier, it was still a bit straining for him to cultivate this sword technique, which showed how much of a monster the Sword Emperor was.

But he was also overthinking it—how could the Sword Emperor have mastered this sword technique in a mere day?

Ling Han endlessly brandished his sword, and his sword technique became smoother and smoother. After all, this was still an ultimate elite of Heaven Tier who was practicing the sword technique. It would be stranger if this was not the result.

Xiu, xiu, xiu . He waved his sword, and a burst of Origin Power shot out, combining with the Spiritual Qi of the surroundings, and actually transformed into a few dozen sharp swords that flew forwards in an attack.

Peng!

The ground whined and shook, and the trees in front of him collapsed in patches.

Ling Han was dumbstruck. What a terrifying sword technique!