Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2049: Bloom of Dao

Ling Han naturally knew nothing of what happened afterwards. He was walking on this black dragon bridge.

Previously, he had still been able to see the over 2,000 dragon bridges that were parallel to him, but as he continued walking, the other dragon bridges slowly disappeared, and in the end, only this black dragon bridge that was left behind became wider and wider.

Was this still a bridge? It was practically a plain.

However, Ling Han had already walked for three days, and it was still completely deserted on the dragon bridge. There was only a black path, and no other color could be seen.

This black path had been paved with dragon scales, so he felt an uneven texture when he stepped on it. It was useless even if he used Regulations to protect himself. It was still very prickly to walk on because this was the power of Regulation. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Thankfully, it was only very prickly, but did not cause any wounds. Otherwise, it would really become a problem.

Weng, an aura suddenly rose up from the bridge ahead of him, turning into a green-colored dragon. With a gust of wind, it fluttered as if it was going to be blown away by the wind at any moment.

However, when Ling Han walked over, the green dragon manifested, and the dragon form turned into a human figure wearing green robes. That was an elegant youth.

What was this?

Ling Han had not even finished the thought when he saw this youth had aggressively launched an attack towards him. He shot out a punch, and?weng, weng, weng,?seals glowed one after another. They formed on the surface of his fist as it crashed down on Ling Han.

It was clearly just a very simple punch, but it had a supreme domineering air that seemed capable of piercing the heaven and earth.

Ling Han humphed, and his right hand balled into a fist as well, greeting the blow coming from the green-robed youth.

Peng!

The two fists crashed into one another, and Ling Han was instantly sent flying back like an artillery shell.

In terms of battle prowess, there was actually a wide gulf of many folds between him and this green-robed youth, so he could not even withstand a single punch from the latter.

The green-robed did not quit while he had an advantage. With a step of his foot, he charged off in pursuit of Ling Han.?Peng, peng, peng.?He waved his fists repeatedly, raining down a mad barrage of attacks that poured on Ling Han.

Ling Han had become a human punching bag, being attacked endlessly, and his body trembled wildly.

However, while the green-robed youth’s battle prowess was terrifying, it had not reached the extent that it could penetrate Ling Han’s physique. No matter how hard he pummelled Ling Han, Ling Han’s face had only paled slightly.

“Have you had enough!” Ling Han roared. Though he was not wounded, he still could not accept being pummelled so submissively by someone.?Boom, a terrifying light exploded from within his body, surging out in all directions.

Great Clash of Source Powers!

Boom, the figure of the green-robed youth immediately twisted, and then was ripped apart, turning into pieces due to the impact of this light.

Ling Han panted, not because he had used the Great Clash of Source Powers, but rather because the continuous barrage of attacks from the green-robed youth had caused his blood to flow faster, so he was slightly out of breath.

…If anyone found out about this, they would definitely go crazy.

It should be known that this green-robed youth was an Earth-Soul-level monarch tier, and his battle prowess had even surpassed ordinary Heaven Souls, but when the attacks landed on Ling Han, they were unable to cause even the slightest injury, and instead he had directly died with a counter blow from Ling Han.

“The Great Clash of Source Powers will be my strongest ultimate move in future.” Ling Han broke into a smile. The explosive power of the Divine Fetus of Fire was also very powerful, but it would extract all his power completely, and was far from as useful as this move.

“Huh?!”

An expression of shock appeared on his face. The green-robed youth was not a solid entity, but, as it turned out, it had been formed from a streak of Dragon’s Breath. Now that he had shattered, he had turned back into Dragon’s Breath, which was wafting around him.

A sliver touched Ling Han’s body, and was absorbed by him, and he immediately felt like he had gotten a shot of adrenaline, his spirit reenergized.

This was a very nutritious substance!

Ling Han immediately became alert. He took the initiative to open up the pores on his body, and the Dragon’s Breath immediately entered continuously into his body, nourishing and invigorating him greatly.

The dragon was the leader of all Immortal Beasts of the world, and this Dragon’s Breath was the solidification of its essence, so it was shockingly beneficial.

This black dragon bridge had never been unlocked before, and after so many years, how amazing would the essence contained in the Dragon’s Breath be?

Ling Han laughed aloud, and strode forwards. Not too long after, he saw another streak of Dragon’s Breath rise up, turning into a crimson dragon. Then, it elegantly dispersed, and turned into the form of a red-robed woman.

With a dragon’s roar, the red-robed woman charged over. She clearly looked so delicate, but her figure was incredibly agile. As her claws slashed out, even a great mountain could be easily reduced to dust.

Ling Han did not immediately use the Great Clash of Source Powers, but rather used other celestial techniques to attack.

However, he was really no match for her.

After all, he was only at Yang Soul. Even if he was an overlord among monarch tiers, he would still be limited by his cultivation level. At most, he could only battle ordinary Heaven Souls, but this red-robed woman was an Earth Soul monarch tier, someone capable of defeating all common Heaven Souls.

Peng, peng, peng.?Ling Han had become a punching bag again. No matter what kind of celestial technique he used, it would be easily dealt with by his opponent.

If Ling Han really wanted to defeat this opponent, he actually had a considerable number of options.

Firstly, the Great Clash of Source Powers; second, the explosion of the Divine Fetus of Fire; and third, the Black Tower exercising its might. As long as time was stopped, he would immediately be able to kill his opponent.

However, aside from the Great Clash of Source Powers, the other two methods could only be used once in a short period of time.

After he had obtained a clear understanding of his own strength and the strength of his opponent, Ling Han did not waste any more time.?Boom, a terrifying force burst out of his body, surging outwards in all directions.

Suddenly, the red-robed woman was shattered into bits, and turned back into Dragon’s Breath.

Ling Han absorbed this streak of Dragon’s Breath, and his cultivation level improved a slight bit further.

‘If I can absorb about 100 streaks, I should be just about able to reach the peak stage of Yang Soul.

‘Moreover, Dragon’s Breath can improve my body in all aspects; not just the cultivation level, but even brute power will be greatly increased.’

The Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll he cultivated had only increased the toughness of his physique, but when the Dragon’s Breath entered his body, it was as if he had been bestowed the powerful might of a Divine Dragon, and he could easily strike down the stars in the skies with a light punch.

Of course, this was only his misconception. Only a Celestial King would be able to accomplish that.

After Ling Han absorbed this Dragon’s Breath, he continued forwards.

He had not walked too far when he suddenly spotted a flower ahead.

Though this looked like a plain, it was actually a bridge, and the path had been paved out with dragon scales. Could flowers actually bloom on this?

Ling Han couldn’t help but feel surprised, and sped up as he walked towards it.

This really was a flower, one as tall as three feet. There were only nine leaves, and the flower was as transparent as crystal, possessing an ethereal air that could not be described with words.

Ling Han did not recognize this thing. It was definitely not recorded in all the rare books of Celestial medicines and Spiritual Herbs that he knew of, but he could sense great dao vibrating within, causing his heartbeat to quicken, and he felt an impulse to go nearer and pluck it.

“This is the Bloom of Dao.” Small Tower’s voice suddenly rang out.

“Yi, no longer pretending to be mute?” Ling Han asked with a smile.

Ever since he began studying the Great Clash of Source Powers, Small Tower had fallen out with him, and did not speak to him at all. And now it actually took the initiative to speak up, which was really an extremely strange thing.

Small Tower humphed, and said, “The Bloom of Dao contains millions and millions of great dao. It is not a Celestial medicine, but is superior to any Celestial medicine. Only when a great number of Celestial Kings have been buried together could it be birthed.”

Ling Han gave an oh. “Looks like the legend is not false. There are indeed more than 100 Immortal Dragons buried here.”

“Try as much as possible to retrieve the Bloom of Dao. It is extremely helpful for your path of cultivation,” Small Tower said seriously.