Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2090: Which Celestial King?

The large hand descended, and picked up the final alchemical pill inside the box.

Lin Yongchang’s expression changed immediately. He realized that an extraordinary itch was spreading upwards from the palm of his hand, and he involuntarily released his grip.?Pa, the alchemical pill dropped back into the box, but the scene that came after caused him to feel great shock and terror.

That was because what fell was not just the alchemical pill, but also a pile of rotten blood and flesh, and when he looked upwards, he could see that actually half of his right hand had disappeared. It was badly mangled, and the remaining half of his palm was still endlessly dripping blood and liquid.

His hand was melting!

Even if he was an alchemist, he was stunned for a moment, not knowing what he should do.

“Ah!” After the time of at least a single heartbeat, he finally released a scream of horror, and by now, the whole of his right hand had completely corroded and turned into mush, and it was still spreading upwards onto his arm.

“How dare you!” With a furious roar, a figure shot out, exuding a frightening aura.?Boom, he threw the doors of the alchemy chamber open with a palm strike, and grabbed out at Lin Yongchang.

This was an Ascending Origin Tier elite, who was completely capable of suppressing the poison of the Red Spotted Poison Fruit—even if he could not remove the poison, he could control its spread.

But when he reached out his hand,?pa, his feet suddenly slipped, and he fell, sprawling out on the ground.

This was a very solid fall, and it was his face that hit the ground first, directly sending his two front teeth flying with the impact.

Everyone was stunned by this sight.

For an Ascending Origin Tier elite to stumble and fall for no reason was an inconceivable matter, what more when he had lost his two front teeth from the fall? Who would believe that this was possible? But since he was a noble Ascending Origin Tier elite, who would be able to plot against him?

And to do it in such a secretive way, what cultivation level did the attacker have to be?

Celestial King Tier?

But which Celestial King would do something so pointless?

“Gagagaga.” The large black dog laughed in an incredibly devious manner. Then, he stretched out his paw again, and that Ascending Origin Tier stumbled to the ground again.

“Stupid baldie, who asked you to stay quiet previously, and bully our Little Han? Are you ******* having fun now?”

That Ascending Origin Tier’s heart trembled. To attack him in such an unnoticeable manner, it had to be a Celestial King, and for a Celestial King to make a move on him, did he dare to move rashly again?

In his eyes, this was a warning from the Celestial King.

“Milord!” He scrambled to his feet, and bowed towards the skies. “This is the only son of Grandmaster Lin Chenglong of the Ancient Alchemy Tower. Please have mercy, and spare his life.”

Hearing his words, the audience were all shocked.

Was there really a Celestial King that had moved?

However, the entire scene was dead silent. No loud, majestic voice rang out while causing the heaven and earth to tremble.

The Ascending Origin Tier did not know whether this mysterious Celestial King had agreed or otherwise, but Lin Yongchang’s whole arm had already completely corroded by now. If it continued to spread upwards, it would be his neck, his head, and then he was going to die.

He did not dare to hesitate further, and hurriedly stretched out his hand towards Lin Yongchang

Peng!

His hand had just stretched out, and as if he had not stood steadily, he fell again, his whole face hitting the ground harshly again. His whole face was now forcibly embedded into the hard stone tiles.

That Celestial King had moved again!

This time, everyone had no further doubts. They were all numb with excitement.

To most people, Celestial Kings were placed on a high pedestal, and there was no possible way that they could even catch a glimpse of this kind of existence, what more to see a Celestial King in actual action.

Though they still had not seen the true appearance of the Celestial King, they had seen his power. He did not even need to appear, and he could easily play around with an Ascending Origin Tier elite in the palm of his hand, showing the full might of a Celestial King.

“Milord, please spare me!” Lin Yongchang naturally understood as well. No wonder even his previous attempt of Third Refinement had failed. As it turned out, a Celestial King was secretly intervening. He had a strong resentment in his heart as well. For a great Celestial King to actually make a move on a minor character like him, that was too degrading of the Celestial King’s status.

However, he did not dare to make the slightest rebuke, and could only adopt a most humble attitude.

Celestial King, that was a King of the Celestial Realm, high and noble, indestructible and immortal. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

“You little bastard, who do you think you are? To actually dare play dirty tricks on our Little Han? If I allowed you to live, what face would Grandpa Dog still have?” A voice rang out by Lin Yongchang’s ear, and he was the only one who could hear it.

‘What?!’

Lin Yongchang’s expression was incredibly colourful. He had never imagined that there was actually a Celestial King following behind Ling Han, and what was worse, this Celestial King was even incredibly protective. He had actually made a direct move on him.

‘For a Celestial King to bully a Dividing Soul Tier junior, aren’t you embarrassed?’

“Spare me! Spare me!” He knelt down to beg for mercy. The corrosion had already reached his neck, severing his head from his body. For a Celestial, this was not fatal. It would be fine as long as his mind was not destroyed.

But that voice did not sound again.

“No…” Lin Yongchang released a terrible scream. At this moment, he had to be feeling incredible regret. He would not get the slightest benefit out of joining this competition. Even if he won the first place, he would only get a moment to show off.

But now, just for the sake of showing off, he had actually lost his life. This price was really too heavy.

With this sharp cry, Lin Yongchang’s head was also completely corroded by the poison, and turned into a pool of blood.

That Ascending Origin Tier elite scrambled up to his feet unsteadily. There was a clear face-shaped groove left abruptly on the ground. He looked at Lin Yongchang who had already been turned into blood, and in this moment, his heart was in complete chaos.

Something big had happened!

An heir of the Ancient Alchemy Tower, the son of a Five-Star grandmaster had died, and he had died in front of his eyes at that, and the elite did not even get the slightest chance to save him at all.

Thankfully, it was a Celestial King that had moved, so he should be… fine, right?

How could an Ascending Origin Tier stop a Celestial King? No matter how he thought about it, it was impossible.

And dead silence had fallen over the area. A Four-Star grandmaster had died just like that. This was even more shocking than Tian Qingyue and the other monarch tiers dying in battle. After all, it was cultivation level that was the deciding factor of cultivators, and Dividing Soul Tier was merely Dividing Soul Tier.

But a Four-Star grandmaster… that was an existence that was equal in status to an Ascending Origin Tier elite.

For an Ascending Origin Tier elite to die, just how shocking would that be?

What more when Lin Yongchang was also the only son of a Five-Star grandmaster. This time, a hole had really been poked in the heavens.

And the problem here was, if it was a Celestial King that had moved, how could they possibly leave any traces behind? After the incident, not even revenge could be obtained.

Could it be that all Celestial Kings were to be slaughtered completely?

Who would have that ability?

However, those in the alchemy chambers had absolutely no idea of what had happened outside, and were still focused completely on Spirit Refinement.

Two hours later, someone was first to walk out.

He was instantly shocked. Why was the atmosphere so tense outside? Did anything major happen? Very soon, he was exclaiming in shock. What? A Celestial King had arrived, made a move on Lin Yongchang, and then killed him with poison?

This… However he thought about it, that was unbelievable.

For a Celestial King to kill a Dividing Soul Tier, did he have to use poison?

Whom were you trying to fool?

Gradually, others could tell this fact. Initially, they were all astonished, and subsequently, there was no way they would believe it had been the act of a Celestial King.

This was unbelievable.

In such tremendous shock, even if Wu Zixu, Ling Han, and the others stepped out of their alchemy chambers respectively, not many people would take notice.

However, the competition still had not ended, so it naturally had to continue.

When everyone had come out of their alchemy chambers, the assessment for the times and quality of Spirit Refinement began.

Only Ling Han and Wu Zixu had attained Fifth Refinement.

Alchemist Riyang and Xie Yuezhang had failed in two attempts of Fifth Refinement, and their third attempt was only Fourth Refinement. They did not dare continue to avoid not getting a single point in the third round. In that case, their rank would definitely fall several dozen tiers.

Fan Luoling had also attained Fourth Refinement. In full public, there was no way she could cheat again. However, the results of Fourth Refinement could not be considered too poor.

Thus, the first place naturally had to be determined between Ling Han and Wu Zixu.