Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2118: Soaring Sword Qi

In the past, Ling Han definitely wouldn’t have imagined that the Source Power of Slaughter was actually a blade of grass.

“Slaughter is simply a type of Regulation. It possesses no physical manifestation, so when the original Source Power of Slaughter shattered, its Power of Regulations gathered on this blade of grass, allowing it to remain indestructible through several epochs. In other words, this blade of grass has already become the new Source Power of heaven and earth,” Small Tower said.

Ling Han looked at the blade of grass. It was only three inches tall, and it only had four leaves, each of which was emerald green and shaped like a sword. No matter how he looked at it, this didn’t look like a peculiar blade of grass that possessed the Source Power of Slaughter.

Swoosh!

A gust of mountain wind raced past, causing the leaves to slightly shudder. Blades of Sword Qi instantly formed before slashing into the void.

A terrifying sight ensued. A fissure was brutally torn in the air, and the chaotic winds were forcefully dragged to a halt. The fissure was astonishingly large.

Ling Han’s eyes bulged in disbelief. This was the Source Power of Slaughter, a Source Power that was filled with destruction and violence.

“Hurry up and absorb it. The Black Dragon King has left numerous formations in the surroundings, weakening the resistance of the Source Power of Slaughter. If we leave it alone, she’ll be able to absorb it within 100,000 years,” Small Tower said in a solemn voice.

Ling Han nodded in reply, and he hurriedly started to channel the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll.

This time, however, the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll surprisingly failed to work. The blade of grass remained unresponsive to Ling Han’s approaches. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

‘What’s going on?’

“The Regulation of Slaughter hasn’t been fused into the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll,” Small Tower explained. “By the looks of it, you’ll have to come up with something by yourself.”

Ling Han was slightly disappointed by this result. However, a powerful urge quickly overtook him.

If he could obtain this Source Power of Slaughter with his own abilities, that would be the best acknowledgment of his power.

To obtain a Source Power of heaven and earth as a Dividing Soul Tier cultivator? Perhaps no one could achieve this. Even if they could, they would most likely require help from their elders.

Ling Han released his thoughts to communicate with the blade of grass.

The greatest difference between him and the Black Dragon King was a fundamental one—the Black Dragon King was now practicing the cultivation system of the Foreign Realm. In a fundamental sense, she no longer belonged to this realm. Thus, Source Powers of heaven and earth would also feel innate resistance and disgust toward her. They definitely wouldn’t show intimacy toward her.

Thus, the Black Dragon King had no option but to use formations which would slowly weaken the resistance of these Source Powers over time.

Her abilities were astonishing, and add to that her Seventh Heaven cultivation, and it was entirely possible that she could succeed.

Now that Ling Han had arrived, however, she had unwittingly paved the way for him.

Indeed, Ling Han’s cultivation was far inferior to that of the Black Dragon King. However, he was genuinely a being from the Celestial Realm. If the Source Power were forced to make a choice, would it choose a mortal enemy or an unfamiliar relative?

Thus, Ling Han had faced few obstacles when obtaining the previous few Source Powers of heaven and earth. This was in part thanks to the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll, and in part thanks to the preparations made by the Black Dragon King. However, if the Black Dragon King learned of this, she certainly wouldn’t take credit with a smile on her face. Instead, she would go wild with rage.

Her hard work of tens of billions of years… It had all been stolen by a measly Dividing Soul Tier cultivator!

Thus, the difficulty of obtaining this Source Power of Slaughter was also several times smaller than it should have been. Otherwise, a Dividing Soul Tier cultivator daring to obtain the Source Power of Slaughter? A single burst of Sword Qi would slash them into smithereens.

Since this was the Source Power of Slaughter, he would try to attract it with his fighting spirit.

Ling Han unleashed his raging fighting spirit. This was an aura that wouldn’t yield even before powerful enemies. So what if his opponent was Ji Wuming, the reincarnation of a Ninth Heaven Celestial King? He was filled with fighting spirit, and he was brimming with confidence that he could one day defeat this opponent.

He was burning with passion, and his fighting spirit became something tangible. Like sabers, like spears, like swords, and like fists, his fighting spirit roared like the drums of battle.

After a long time, the blade of grass finally swayed slightly.

Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh!

Its four leaves shuddered, unleashing four bursts of powerful Sword Qi.

Peng, peng, peng!

A large portion of the mountain wall was instantly sliced off.

Ling Han was astounded by this sight. He had personally witnessed the strength of this valley, yet the attack from the Source Power of Slaughter made the mountain wall look like nothing but jelly. Its destructive power was absolutely terrifying.

At the same time, this also made him feel even more enticed. He practiced the Regulation of Slaughter, but how could this compare to the Source Power of Slaughter?

If he obtained it, his battle prowess would rise by a significant amount!

Ji Wuming!

There was still a ball of unyielding passion in his heart. So what if he had reincarnated from a Ninth Heaven Celestial King? As long as he put in the hard work, he could definitely overcome the gulf between them and defeat this opponent.

Swoosh!

The blade of grass continued to sway, sending bursts of Sword Qi into the surroundings. Some blade of Sword Qi scraped past Ling Han’s face, only a hair away from cutting into him. However, Ling Han remained as still as a mountain. He didn’t evade.

In fact, it was fortunate that he remained unmoving. Otherwise, if he suddenly moved, it would perhaps result in him being struck by the bursts of powerful Sword Qi. With the terrifying power of the Source Power of Slaughter, being struck by the Sword Qi would definitely obliterate his divine sense in an instant.

Ling Han understood that this was a test from the Source Power of Slaughter. It wanted to determine whether he was worth following.

This was a good development. After all, if the Source Power didn’t even want to test him, how could he hope to ever obtain it?

He remained calm and composed, simply unleashing his blazing fighting spirit. He wanted to let the Source Power of Slaughter know that if it followed him, it could battle to its heart’s content.

Even though the Source Power of Slaughter was named as such, slaughter wasn’t the main substance of this Source Power. Instead, it was battle.

It would evolve through battle, and this evolution would allow it to slay elites.

Boom!

Ling Han’s fighting spirit was unbounded and scorching, and it was almost about to condense into something tangible.

In terms of fighting spirit alone, he was truly no inferior to any Celestial King. This was an unyielding demeanor that he had developed as someone who had fought his way up from a small world.

What did it matter even if his opponent were a Heavenly Venerate? Ling Han didn’t fear them at all. He had the conviction and confidence that he could definitely defeat them in the future.

The blade of grass started to sway more and more, filling the sky with blades of Sword Qi. It was as if it wanted to obliterate the entire valley.

“Brat, you dare?!” There was a shrill scream as a black dragon swooped over from the distance.

Peng, peng, peng!

It unleashed its might as it soared over, reducing the surrounding mountain walls into ashes.

The Black Dragon King had come!

The Eternal Celestial King had definitely been laid to a final rest, returning to ashes and dust. However, what about Xiao Gu?

Ling Han couldn’t help but feel anxious as he thought about this. He had always been caring toward his friends. Now that the Black Dragon King was charging over without Xiao Gu, he couldn’t help but feel uneasy and worried for Xiao Gu.

However, with the dire situation that he was in now, it was actually himself that he needed to worry about the most.

The Black Dragon King was charging over!

Weng!

She made a slashing motion with her claw, and a colossal dragon claw bore down from the sky. To say nothing of one Ling Han, even tens of thousands of him would be killed by this attack.

Was he going to fall at the final hurdle?

Right at this moment, however, the blade of grass suddenly swayed slightly.

Whoosh!

A burst of brilliant Sword Qi slashed up at the dragon claw.

Pu!

As the burst of Sword Qi slashed past, the colossal dragon claw was instantly sliced into two.

Ling Han was delighted upon seeing this. He hadn’t imagined that the Source Power of Slaughter would actually save him!

Xiu!

The blade of grass suddenly uprooted itself from the ground, revealing its roots that were less than one inch long. These roots were as clear as crystal, and they possessed some kind of indescribable beauty. The blade of grass shot toward Ling Han.

Although it had blocked an attack of the Black Dragon King, that was because the Black Dragon King had unleashed the attack from extremely far away. Moreover, she also hadn’t unleashed her full power. After all, did she need to unleash her full power to kill a measly Dividing Soul Tier cultivator?

For her next attack, however, the Black Dragon King would definitely unleash her full power. It would definitely be unblockable.

The Source Power had still been hesitant at first, unsure of whether it should follow Ling Han or not. Now that it was being pressured by the Black Dragon King, however, it immediately abandoned its hesitation, and directly leaped at Ling Han.

“Brat, if you dare to absorb the Source Power of Slaughter, I’ll make you experience the worst torture imaginable!” the Black Dragon King roared.

A mighty Celestial King was actually threatening a measly Dividing Soul Tier cultivator? This was inconceivable, yet it was indeed happening at this moment.

However, how could Ling Han pay any heed to her? He relaxed his body and awaited the arrival of the blade of grass.

Xiu!

The blade of grass vanished with a flash, fusing into Ling Han’s forehead.