Chapter 2136: Long Yuexi dies

The Four Seas Palace had abundant wealth. When a Second Heaven Celestial King was outmatched, a Fifth Heaven Celestial King would immediately jump out. And when a Fifth Heaven Celestial King was outmatched, a Seventh Heaven Celestial King would emerge.

Finally, didn’t they still have an overlord like a Ninth Heaven Celestial King?

“You dare interfere in the business of our Four Seas Palace, I will let you know your own measure!” This Seventh Heaven Celestial King moved decisively, and a massive palm immediately descended from the skies, pressing down on Xiao Gu.

Xiao Gu naturally copied him exactly. After repeating his words, he immediately pressed out his own palm towards the other.

He did not know how to dodge at all. Immediately, he was blasted solidly by the massive palm, and that Seventh Heaven Celestial King’s figure flashed, and appeared out of the attack range of this palm strike from Xiao Gu.

Hong, long, long, a Seventh Heaven Celestial King had moved. This might was really too domineering. Even if this was the Roc Palace, where every mountain rock was tempered to an incredibly high degree by the Roc, a gigantic pit was still created from the blast, and Xiao Gu had also disappeared in this depression.

“Hahahaha, now that the Spiritual Mountain Celestial King has moved, it is very easy as expected.”

“That’s right. The Spiritual Mountain Celestial King has been a super monarch tier in the past, and now has hopes of attaining Eighth Heaven. His strength could even match some weaker Eighth Heaven Celestial Kings.”

“To actually dare toy around with the Spiritual Mountain Celestial King, he really was seeking his own death.” Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

The members of the Four Seas Palace were all smirking coldly. In terms of cultivation level, the Spiritual Mountain Celestial King was ranked third in the Four Seas Palace, but his strength was inferior only to Shang Zhiwei. He was the second-strongest elite of the Four Seas Palace. If he moved personally, how many in this world would he actually be incapable of suppressing?

However, the Spiritual Mountain Celestial King did not smile. Instead, he became solemn.

With a light wave, the dust and rocks that were flying in the deep pit were immediately swept away. At the bottom of the vacant pit, a person immediately appeared.

It could not be called a person, but rather a bone. It was snow white and crystalline, and possessed an incredibly ancient seal, exuding an aura of age.

Xiao Gu!

The members of the Four Seas Palace had all seen very clearly that when Xiao Gu had flown here, he was just a bone, and now he was still a bone. What did that mean?

That he had not been injured at all.

Hiss, the move from a Seventh Heaven Celestial King actually did not succeed?

…To call it a complete failure would be inappropriate as well. At least, the body that Xiao Gu had formed had been shattered, which had still proven how strong the Spiritual Mountain Celestial King was. Previously, neither Liu Feng or Wu Heng had been able to do that at all.

“Just what exactly are you?” the Spiritual Mountain Celestial King asked in a low voice. The other’s true body was just a bone, but was there such a powerful bone in this world.

“Just what exactly are you?” Xiao Gu copied his words as he reformed his body.

The Spiritual Mountain Celestial King stared at Xiao Gu for a moment, and dismissed the thought of communicating with Xiao Gu.

Whether Xiao Gu was deliberately mimicking him, or only knew how to speak through mimicry, it was clear that he could not possibly say anything valuable. Then, what was the point of wasting words?

There was only one thing left to do: battle!

The Spiritual Mountain Celestial King moved without hesitation, and began fighting Xiao Gu.

Xiao Gu’s expression was completely one of puzzlement. ‘Yi, why aren’t you talking anymore? What is fun about just fighting and not talking?’

He dealt with the battle in a passive way, merely parrying without bothering to counter.

The Spiritual Mountain Celestial King was indeed very strong. He was an overlord among monarch tiers, his battle prowess having surpassed even Seventh Heaven, and advanced into Eighth Heaven.

It should be known that there was the saying that every level of Celestial King Tier brought one closer to ascending the heavens. With a difference of a minor level, that meant a world of difference in strength.

Regarding the saying that king tiers could be invincible among their peers, or how emperor tiers would be able to crush their opponents that were a minor level superior, that was completely useless in the Celestial King Tier! In truth, it was very rare that king tiers would be able to advance into the Celestial King Tier, unless they gained incredibly good fortune in the future. Only emperor tiers could possibly become Celestial Kings, and even then it was just a portion of them.

It was only definite that monarch tiers could become Celestial Kings, and no matter what, they would become Fourth Heaven, or Fifth Heaven Celestial Kings at least, but to speak of having tier-surpassing battle prowess, even monarch tiers could not possibly have it. Only super monarch tiers could achieve that.

The Spiritual Mountain Celestial King was one such monarch tier. His cultivation level was Seventh Heaven Celestial King Tier, but his battle prowess had reached Eighth Heaven Celestial King Tier. In fact, even among Eighth Heaven Celestial Kings, his battle prowess could place him in the middle ranks.

This was too strong.

To say nothing of the fact that Xiao Gu was presently muddleheaded, and did not know to counter at all, even if he rose up in resistance, it was definitely impossible that he would be a match for the Spiritual Mountain Celestial King. This Spiritual Mountain Celestial King could already be compared to the Black Dragon King.

However, Xiao Gu had an astonishing advantage, and that was the strength of his defense was astounding.

In truth, he was just a bone. If the bone was not damaged, he would be fine, and the toughness of his bone could compare to Divine Metal’s!

With how tough Divine Metal was, even a Ninth Heaven Celestial King could not break it by force. They could only slowly melt it down through the power of Regulation. Thus, if the Spiritual Mountain Celestial King wanted to pose a true threat to Xiao Gu, he could only use the power of Regulation to refine Xiao Gu. Otherwise, it would only be wasted effort.

But to accomplish this was really much, much too difficult. Xiao Gu had terrifyingly high accomplishments in Regulations of Space. No matter how the Spiritual Mountain Celestial King trapped him, it was useless. Xiao Gu would still be able to easily break free.

This caused the battle to sink into a stalemate. It was clear that the Spiritual Mountain Celestial King was completely in an advantageous position, yet no matter how hard he tried, he could not turn his advantage into a victory.

Because Ling Han was already trapped, no one made any further move on him. After all, someone had experienced a loss at his hands before. If anyone made a move on Ling Han, it would definitely force them into a dilemma. In that case, they might just as well trap Ling Han here.

In the skies, four great Celestial Kings battled strongly.

Shang Zhiwei against Long Yuexi, and Xiao Gu against the Spiritual Mountain Celestial King. Both battles were incredibly intense.

However, there was practically no one that could see these two battles, because these four were really too powerful. Not only were they moving at an astonishing speed, their attacks were the same as well. What others could see were actually just the halos of bright light that exploded in flashes.

One day, two days, three days… Time trickled by. It would be nothing strange for great battles between Celestial Kings to last a few years, or even tens of thousands of years. Thus, everyone was not anxious. The Roc Heaven had existed for countless epochs, and so what if they had to spend several or even several tens of thousands of years to exterminate it?

But merely 10 days later, one battle suddenly stopped, and no further brilliant light that could dazzle the heavens surged.

Which battle was it? Shang Zhiwei against Long Yuexi? Or Xiao Gu against the Spiritual Mountain Celestial King?

In only a while, the answer was revealed. A figure suddenly dropped rapidly from the skies, and landed on the ground loudly. The two massive wings spread behind her back exuded an endless, boundless might, and the skin that was exposed was covered with dragon scales. This person could not be seen clearly at all.

But there was no need to see the face, and they could confirm that this person was Long Yuexi because these were the wings of the Roc.

Could it be… that Long Yuexi had won?

The members of the Four Seas Palace were all stunned, while the members of the Roc Palace were overjoyed. If the the grand elder won, then there would be no need for the Roc Palace to be disbanded, and this would have also dealt with a strong enemy like the Four Seas Palace. In the future, the Roc Palace would be able to regain its domineering stand as a Ninth Heaven Celestial King Tier force.

Peng, another person flew down and landed, an ancient mirror shining brilliantly behind her.

Shang Zhiwei.

“Shang Zhiwei, you have won, but you have also lost,” Long Yuexi said. When she said the first word, her voice was still very clear, but her voice became older as she spoke the second, and the dragon scales covering her body were also falling off piece by piece. Her black hair turned gray, and then from gray it turned white. In an instant, she had turned back into an old woman.

She laughed loudly, and then came to an abrupt stop. Not a single sign of life could be seen.

Crack!

Suddenly, a thunderous crack resounded in the heaven and earth, followed by an endless rain of blood. A lamenting sound was heard loudly, causing everyone to feel a sadness and grief rise up from the bottoms of their hearts, and when they wiped their eyes, they were filled with tears.

A Celestial King had died, and the heaven and earth grieved.