Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2147: Blood Insect

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

An Ran naturally was very unwilling to step out for Ling Han, but Shang Zhiwei had issued a strict command to her, and how could she possibly dare to disobey the command of her master?

She could ignore anyone in this world, but the only one she did not dare and could not disobey was Shang Zhiwei.

The debt of raising her, the kindness of teaching her was like the heaven and earth for her.

She only looked calmly at Ai Kaifeng, and said, “I will not interfere at other times, but this time, no one is allowed to touch a single hair on his head, or that would mean becoming enemies with me!”

“Holy Daughter An Ran, you are so mighty!” Lao Liang exclaimed coldly, sinister killing intent seeping from him.

Though he was only an ordinary monarch tier as well, how could he allow his morale to weaken when he originated from the Imperial Void Sect?

Unfortunately, though Yulan Fenghua was also a top tier monarch tier, he was only a Heaven Soul at present. Without advancing into the Immortal Palace Tier, how could he possibly compare to An Ran?

“Then we’ll just go all out in battle. Whom would I be afraid of?” An Ran was extremely assertive.

That was the type of woman she was.

“Everyone, everyone, please calm your anger.” Lin Xuan stepped out as mediator. His aim was to incite the members of the Imperial Void Sect to target Ling Han, but he absolutely did not have the slightest intention for An Ran to also be dragged in.

Furthermore, he had not thought that An Ran would actually step out for Ling Han’s sake, either, which made him feel slightly puzzled.

“Yi, look!” Di Tongxin suddenly exclaimed. She was pointing at that corpse.

Everyone turned their eyes in that direction, and saw that a slight bit of the corpse had actually been cut from the strike delivered by Ling Han’s sharp blade. This portion was the wound on the sole of the foot of the corpse that had been pierced by the insect sting. Initially, the wound had already scabbed over, and now it had once again been sliced open.

Ai Kaifeng instantly appeared slightly embarrassed. The reason for him making a move on Ling Han was that the latter was causing trouble for no reason, and causing an irritating noise. But he had not thought that the latter was not just messing around, but had really cut open this corpse.

This was equivalent to slapping him in the face. What he had not managed to do… Ling Han had successfully accomplished.

What a joke. The other was merely a Heaven Soul.

No matter how overbearing Ai Kaifeng was, he could say nothing at this point. He shut his mouth tightly, yet the killing intent in his heart was bubbling to its pinnacle.

He could not tolerate anyone that dared to embarrass him.

Yet Ling Han did not take it to heart at all. At present, Ai Kaifeng was indeed stronger than him, but that was only true for the present. He only had to advance into the Immortal Palace Tier, and he would be able to suppress Ai Kaifeng with a flip of his hand.

His concentration was completely focused on that corpse. As the Divine Demon Sword sliced continuously, the wound was also endlessly deepening, and growing larger. Finally, some clues could be perceived.

“Gasp!”

The others were only looking, and when they saw clearly, they couldn’t help but inhale sharply.

…Within that wound, there were actually multiple tiny insects squirming!

These insects were only the size of a rice grain, and were blood-red in color. It was unknown whether they had been of this color in the first place, or if they had been dyed red by blood. However, while these bugs were tiny, they exuded an incredibly evil air, inciting an extreme feeling of disgust just upon first sight.

Ling Han was shocked. This kind of disgust did not originate from himself, but was rather an indescribable feeling. He just felt disgusted, and there was no reason for it.

This was a hatred originating from the Heavenly Dao, similar to that caused by the cultivators of the other cultivation system.

The tiny insects were the same?

Ling Han was not very sure. There was a large disparity between these insects and the cultivators of the other cultivation system that he had come into contact with, but there was a similar stink to them, which was indeed strange.

What was stranger was the fact that this wound that had been sliced open was actually squirming, as if it had gained consciousness, and wanted to heal the wound.

“Humph!” Lao Liang smirked coldly, and swiped out a finger, slicing towards that wound.

He could not damage that corpse, but now that there was a wound, how could it be that he would still be unable to?

As the finger swiped out, the Regulations of the Great Dao turned into a blade that slashed onto these insects.

“Zhi…” These insects released a sharp cry, being forcibly crushed into dust by the power of Regulation.

And when these insects were dead, the squirming of the wound immediately stopped, as if it had suddenly lost all life.

Everyone sighed in relief. It looked like the mutation of the corpse was because of these insects. Thankfully, though the corpse could be considered indestructible, these insects could be easily killed.

However, everyone’s optimism immediately disappeared without a trace, because new insects were crawling out very soon, and the wound that had stopped recovering was once again squirming.

Could it be that this corpse was filled entirely with insects?

These insects were strange creatures of this place, crawling into this corpse and causing havoc, or was it merely because of that insect sting? Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

If it was the former scenario, there were really thorns all over this place, and they had to be extremely cautious. And if it was the latter case, that would be even more terrifying. It was just a single insect sting, so how could it have possibly transmitted these creatures?

And this insect sting had clearly been broken off, so how terrifying would the owner be?

Previously, Lao Liang and the others had already said that the alchemical pill that Bie Ziwen had ingested could heal the powerful poison of anything below Celestial King Tier, but the result was the complete opposite, so what did that mean?

This poison was of the Celestial King Tier!

Could it be that an insect that had ascended Dao and become a Celestial King had died here, its corpse scattered throughout this Mystery Realm? With the strength of a Celestial King, even a part that had been dropped from his body—even when who knew how many billions and billions of years had passed—would still possess the ability to easily destroy the defenses of an Immortal Palace Tier.

“This land of the Ancient Age could possibly contain an astonishing secret,” An Ran said, a hint of excitement flashing over her face.

The more dangerous it was, the more she longed for it because danger also accompanied great fortune.

Everyone nodded in unison, but it was not just the few of them that were here. There were also colossal beings like Celestial Kings. If there really was any great fortune, then the chance of them obtaining it was astonishingly slim.

However, something like great fortune would have to depend on your own fate and good luck in the first place. It did not mean that just because one was stronger, one would definitely obtain it.

“E…” Because Ling Han had not suppressed the wound, the wound of the corpse very soon recovered. This corpse also released groaning sounds, wanting to climb back to its feet.

“Refine him with the power of Regulations!”

Everyone made their move, using the Regulations of heaven and earth to refine the corpse.

“Zhi!” At this, the corpse finally stopped releasing any human-like noises, but rather issued the hum of insects, which was incredibly shrill.

Pu, the corpse suddenly exploded into a shower of blood, and then countless Blood Insects flew out. It was precisely the disgusting creatures that they had previously seen. They danced all over the skies, unleashing their attacks towards Ling Han and the others.

Inconceivable. That corpse was clearly extremely tough, and could not be damaged through pure force. It could only be refined through the use of Regulations, yet now it had suddenly exploded, as if that was just a pile of ordinary flesh and blood.

It was all because of those Blood Insects!

Blood Insects surged out like a hurricane, and assaulted Yulan Fenghua first.

Yulan Fenghua was enraged. Why did these insects attack him first? Could it be that they thought that he was the weakest?

That was indeed the case. Though he was a super monarch tier, An Ran, Lao Liang, and the others were all at First Secret, so they naturally overwhelmed him completely, and though Ling Han was also a Heaven Soul, he was a freak on the level of Ji Wuming, and was also more powerful.

Thus, this flock of insects attacked Yulan Fenghua first.

“Three Thousand Karmic Flames!” he roared.?Boom, a fierce flame immediately surged from his body, burning endlessly.

This was a celestial technique that he had newly learned. He could only use it once he had reached Heaven Soul, and its might was truly terrifying. Multiple seals of great dao leapt, feeling as if it was capable of melting even Pseudo-Divine Metal into liquid metal.

Instantly, large masses of insects were killed, but even more insects were charging over.