Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2149: Three-legged crocodile

Lin Xuan was a monarch tier, and could be invincible even with a superior gap of two minor levels. Thus, not only was he capable of overwhelming ordinary Third Secrets, he could manage a battle even against ordinary Fourth Secrets. At least, he would be able to retreat safely.

However, against a Fifth Secret, his only course was to die in defeat.

Not just him, even An Ran, who was a super monarch tier, could not possibly be the match for a Fifth Secret elite.

Thus, when this colossal creature appeared, Lin Xuan and An Ran were naturally both astounded.

They could not afford a battle, and forceful confrontation would result in definite death. Their only option was to run.

This three-legged crocodile immediately charged over, opening its ferocious mouth as it bit towards Ling Han and the others.

“Run!” An Ran exclaimed, and as her figure leapt, she did not forget to grab out at Ling Han. She had not forgotten Shang Zhiwei’s words that she was to protect Ling Han.

Lin Xuan saw this happen, and instantly went mad with jealousy.

He naturally was unaware of Shang Zhiwei’s command, and merely thought that An Ran was concerned about Ling Han. Naturally, his flames of jealousy burned brightly, wanting nothing more than to tear Ling Han into pieces.

Ling Han’s physique was incredibly tough, but in terms of battle prowess, he was naturally no match for a First Secret monarch tier. Thus, An Ran naturally grabbed him easily, and he could not resist in the slightest.

Xiu, An Ran used a movement technique, as quick as light.

Lin Xuan followed closely behind, his eyes glowering at Ling Han, not bothering to hide his killing intent in the slightest.

Ling Han saw this, and felt slightly gloomy.

‘I have no wish to have a woman grab me like this, either, firstly because it’s embarrassing, and secondly, how am I supposed to run like this?’

If Lin Xuan knew the complaint that Ling Han was thinking, he would definitely be even angrier. Wasn’t this just refusing to admit that he had received a benefit?

An Ran and Lin Xuan ran, and the three-legged crocodile pursued them. Its three legs stomped, yet did not touch the ground at all. It was as if the air had become the sea, and it could swim freely in the air.

However, if the major tier was close enough, the speed of cultivators was actually more or less the same, unless the Regulations they cultivated were specialized in fleeing. For example, the Regulations of Lightning, the Regulations of Space. Of course, not all Regulations of Lightning and Regulations of Space were specialized in speed.

However, it just so happened that this three-legged crocodile was specialized in the Regulations of Lightning, and Regulations that were inclined towards speed at that. As its three legs paddled, flashes of lightning flickered behind it, causing it to burst out with astonishing speed.

It had clearly started off later, and there was still a great distance between it and Ling Han’s group, but as it pursued, it was rapidly shortening the distance between the two sides.

“We can’t throw it off, let’s battle!” An Ran declared resolutely. If they encountered another Fifth Secret or even Ascending Origin Tier Demonic Beast at this moment, then they would really be dead.

“All right!” Lin Xuan was also a monarch tier, so he naturally did not lack fighting spirit.

The two of them stood firm, and An Ran casually tossed Ling Han to the side. Then, a mirror appeared in her hands. It appeared to be quite similar to the Great Sun Heavenly King Mirror.

This was a replica at the Immortal Palace Tier.

Weng, the precious mirror replica shone, shooting out streaks of light. Some shone on An Ran, while others fell on the three-legged crocodile, and the effects produced were completely different.

…Those that landed on An Ran boosted her battle prowess, while it seriously weakened the battle prowess of the three-legged crocodile.

Even against a Fifth Secret elite, this could still be extraordinarily effective.

Peng!

An Ran charged towards the three-legged crocodile, and exchanged a blow with this colossal creature. However, she immediately became a streak of light as she was heavily sent flying backwards.

Even if her own battle prowess had been boosted, while her opponent’s had been decreased, there was a total gap of four minor levels between the two sides, and how could it simply be compensated just because a monarch tier now had the use of a precious Tool? She was still no match.

Lin Xuan hurriedly approached. Meanwhile, he had summoned a long spear, and as he brandished it, it was like a green dragon had risen from the sea, releasing multiple roars of a dragon.

This was also a Pseudo-Celestial Tool, and had incredible might.

Unfortunately, that three-legged crocodile was too strong. Merely with a sweep of its tail, it sent Lin Xuan flying backwards.

However, An Ran had also charged back, and restrained this three-legged crocodile, not giving it the chance to hunt Lin Xuan down.

The two of them battled in this manner. Taking it in turns, they would restrain the three-legged crocodile. Though they were at a complete disadvantage in this situation, if the three-legged crocodile did not manage to succeed even after a long battle, it would probably retreat on its own discreetly.

Ling Han watched for a while, and knew that An Ran’s safety was assured. Furthermore, with the fact that Shang Zhiwei was willing to let her come out, the former most probably had bestowed on her some kind of super treasure, though its use would be limited, or she would have to pay a great sacrifice for its use.

His feelings towards Shang Zhiwei were very conflicted. He was furious that she had killed Long Yuexi, but at the same time, the concern that Shang Zhiwei showed him was genuine, and made him feel slightly touched as well. Thus, he was also concerned for this disciple of Shang Zhiwei.

When he was sure that she would be fine, he smiled, and said, “I would not be of help even if I stayed, so I won’t stay around to be a hindrance. I’ll leave first.”

Saying this, he broke into a run and fled.

“Stand right there!” An Ran exclaimed furiously. Aside from agreeing to protect Ling Han, she had also been assigned another mission, and that was not to let Ling Han out of her sight. There was a person inside his Spatial God Tool that her master was determined to kill.

She did not know why Shang Zhiwei had not simply used brute force with her astonishing strength, but since Shang Zhiwei had said so, she had to fulfill the mission fully.

When a woman had a job, they would sometimes disregard all consequences completely.

She suddenly turned and left, setting off in pursuit of Ling Han.

Lin Xuan was astounded. How could he possibly be capable of blocking a Fifth Secret Tier Immortal Beast on his own?

Peng!

He had barely even finished the thought when he was struck by a sweep of the three-legged crocodile’s tail, and had been sent flying who knew how far. Thankfully, the three-legged crocodile had not set off to pursue him, but rather switched its target to Ling Han and An Ran.

To be more accurate, it was Ling Han that it was targeting because it could sense that there was something that it needed within Ling Han’s body.

Source Power of heaven and earth!

An Ran’s figure shot forwards furiously, quickly shortening the distance between herself and Ling Han.

Just when it looked like he was about to surpass the maximum limit of An Ran’s assault range, Ling Han immediately cast Void Space. Space warped, and innumerable mirrors appeared. It seemed like he was everywhere. 𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

If this was any other time, An Ran naturally could easily move to crush all the mirror images. Then, there would be nowhere for Ling Han to hide, and he could only be captured by her. However, presently, there was still an Immortal Beast at the Fifth Secret chasing behind her, so what time would she have to make a move?

She could only wait, but the three-legged crocodile was rapidly catching up to her. With a sweep of its tail, endless energy swept out madly, and those mirror images were instantly shattered.

Yi, where was Ling Han?

An Ran involuntarily frowned. She had been waiting for Ling Han’s true self to appear, but under the sweep of the three-legged crocodile’s tail, all the mirror doppelgangers were already destroyed, yet there was still no trace of Ling Han.

How could someone completely disappear like that?

A Spatial God Tool? She had not considered this possibility at all, unless it was a Spatial God Tool that a Celestial King had forged from Divine Metal—that should be considered a Spatial Celestial Tool then. Otherwise, no Spatial God Tool could possibly hold up to this kind of blast.

Because a Spatial God Tool could only be forged from Level 20 Godly metal, and could not be forged from Pseudo-Divine Metal, the Godly metal that overlapped would cause spatial effects, and could not possibly be successfully forged.

And using Divine Metal to forge a Spatial Celestial Tool was much too luxurious. Even with the wealth of the Four Seas Palace, they could not afford it—there were so many Celestial Kings waiting to use Divine Metal to forge Celestial Tools.

Then where was Ling Han?

Even if he had been killed with the strike from the three-legged crocodile, there should still have been some scraps left, and there should have been shattered pieces of his spirit as well.

How strange!

However, after the three-legged crocodile faltered for a moment, it then unleashed a fierce assault against her.