Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2168: Sealing the Town

Cheng Yifeng spent a total of seven days to crawl to the valley.

Amid his disappointment, Ling Han also felt a slight sense of gratitude. This was because he hadn’t expected Cheng Yifeng to be so useless. The latter had actually spent a whopping seven days to crawl to this place! In the end, however, his persistence had paid off. This meant that he still had some redeeming features.

Even so, Ling Han didn’t let Cheng Yifeng off so lightly. Only after giving him some more “lessons,” and making him completely obedient to Ling Yueyan did he finally breathe a sigh of relief.

Elsewhere, the Empress was also giving special lessons to Ling Yueyan, teaching her how to become more assertive.

There was no need to doubt the Empress’ influence. She possessed a charisma and demeanor that would naturally cause one to submit and listen to her words. This charisma worked on both men and women.

With the Empress’ lessons, Ling Yueyan finally became a tiny bit more assertive. Although she failed to reach Ling Han’s expectations, this was still much better than before.

The Cheng Clan naturally had to pay up as well. Even though Ling Han had no intentions of destroying the Cheng Clan, this clan was truly an unpleasant one. Thus, Ling Han showed no mercy, either, exploiting them as much as he could. This caused the members of the Cheng Clan to grumble in complaint.

However, whom could they blame?

Almost everything that they enjoyed now had come from the Ling Clan. Moreover, they had even exploited the Ling Clan in a vicious manner when the latter had lost their power. Thus, Ling Han was already showing great mercy by not destroying the Cheng Clan.

As an uncle, Ling Han naturally wasn’t stingy to Ling Yueyan’s three sons, his nephews. He gifted them a great number of cultivation resources. He was the Alchemy Emperor, and he had more so become a Four-Star grandmaster. As such, even the alchemical pills that he casually refined were extremely mystical and beneficial.

However, it was a shame that one needed to rely on their own abilities to reach the Severing Mundane Tier. Ling Han would need to become a Celestial King, and possess some kind of mystical power of heaven and earth before he could forcefully help others reach the Severing Mundane Tier. Moreover, those who reached the Severing Mundane Tier in such a manner wouldn’t possess much battle prowess. Their cultivation would simply be an empty shell.

Anyhow, Ling Han wasn’t too worried about this. As long as one reached the Severing Mundane Tier, they would possess a limitless lifespan. When Ling Han eventually became a Heavenly Venerate, and transcended this heaven and earth, he would then possess the ability to resolve others’ Immortal’s Tribulation. At that time, those beside him would also become truly undying.

Ling Han was already courageous and invincible, and with his generous gifts, he naturally became a revered figure in the eyes of Ling Yueyan’s three sons, as well as their grandchildren and future generations. They viewed him as a divine deity.

Ling Han had initially planned to bring his parents with him, yet Ling Dongxing and his mother both said that they had no great ambitions. Moreover, they had already become accustomed to living here, so they didn’t want to leave. Not only did they express such feelings, even Ling Yueyan also expressed much the same feeling.

After living in relative peace and quiet for 10,000 years or so, they already had no ambition to adventure and take risks.

Ling Han mulled over this for a moment, and he ultimately didn’t try to persuade them otherwise. With his understanding of Shang Zhiwei, she wouldn’t stoop as low as to kidnapping his parents to threaten him. Moreover, with his mighty name, neither the Cheng Clan nor the Jing Clan would dare to do anything risky.

In the end, Ling Han decided to set off with Helian Xunxue and the other women.

Hu Niu was naturally extremely dissatisfied with this. She had yet to get rid of the other bewitching women such as the Empress and Bewitching Maiden Rou, yet more bewitching women had now appeared? This was far too detestable!

Anyhow, she was simply throwing a small tantrum and showing some jealousy. She would be fine in no time.

Meanwhile, the Lunar King and Yi Shuangshuang also expressed their desire to adventure with Ling Han. If they had the chance, they also wanted to enter the Ancient Realm, since Yi Shuangshuang’s home was located there. As for the Lunar King, she had never been to the Ancient Realm before.

However, it was a shame that only those at or above the Immortal Palace Tier could send people down into the Ancient Realm. Ling Han didn’t possess such a cultivation at this moment, so this could only be discussed at a later time.

In any case, he didn’t feel much attachment to the Ancient Realm. He had brought most of his friends and family to the Celestial Realm, so if he wanted to visit them, he could simply travel to the Eastern Celestial Realm.

After staying with his parents and sister for several days, Ling Han bade them farewell, and set off for the Heavenly Saint Palace. He was someone who couldn’t stay put for too long. He lived to pursue the Heavenly Dao, and he would also die for the Heavenly Dao.

Although the Heavenly Saint Palace was also in the Roc Heaven, it was located very far away from the Roc Palace. If they wanted to head over, it would take them around 20 days or so. However, there were many Transference Portals in the Roc Heaven.

Intra-realm Transference Portals were extremely difficult to construct, so only Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings who had mastered the element of space, such as the Roc Source Beast, could construct them. As such, these Transference Portals only existed inside the Roc Palace. Right now, they were being controlled by the Four Seas Palace.

Because of the Roc Source Beast, there also existed a great number of lower-level Transference Portals in the Roc Heaven. These Transference Portals allowed people to easily move around the Roc Heaven, saving them a great deal of time. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

As an eight-star force, the Heavenly Saint Palace naturally had such a Transference Portal as well.

Ling Han and the others decided to take advantage of these Transference Portals. After all, when one could slack off, who would still want to rely on their own two legs? Especially since there was no benefit to doing so.

The closest Transference Portal to them was located in Azure Sand Village. If they used this Transference Portal, they could directly arrive at Red Blossom Village, which was located at the foot of the Heavenly Saint Palace. Of course, they couldn’t directly teleport into the Heavenly Saint Palace. After all, how could an eight-star force allow random people to enter?

It only took Ling Han and the others a few hours to reach Azure Sand Village. However, they were astonished to discover people standing guard outside the small village. Those entering the village were all subject to strict searches. This was especially the case if they possessed Spatial God Tools, which had to be handed over for examination.

“Humph! You said you handed all of your Spatial God Tools over? Then what’s this?” A person in front of Ling Han was being searched, and the guards had discovered a Spatial God Tool hidden on him.

“Lord, hehe, this lowly person forgot about this one,” the person said. He was an old man of small stature, and he was currently wearing an obsequious smile.

“You dare to be dishonest? Confiscated!” the guard said in a cold voice. He started to put the Spatial God Tool away.

“Give it back!” the old man shouted as he lunged over. It was as if he were about to fight with his life.

“Kill him!” Seven of the guards immediately stepped forward, thrusting their spears at the old man.

Ling Han humphed, and his monarch-tier aura instantly shot forth.

Pa, pa, pa!

The spears of the seven guards immediately clattered to the ground. The guards were astounded, and they involuntarily turned around to stare at Ling Han. Their faces were filled with fright.

This person was extremely powerful; he was far more powerful than them!

However, the seven guards quickly composed themselves, and their leader said, “Sir, I urge you to mind your own business! We’re disciples of the Dragon Universe Palace, and we’re currently under orders to capture several criminals. So, I urge you to obediently cooperate. Otherwise… you face death!”

‘Dragon Universe Palace?’

Ling Han looked toward Hu Niu. He had genuinely never heard of this force before.

Hu Niu pondered for a moment before saying, “Oh, it’s a small Immortal Palace Tier force. Niu coincidentally heard about it before.”

Ling Han chuckled upon hearing this. This Immortal Palace Tier force was truly audacious! They actually dared to seal a village, and attempt to capture people in the Roc Heaven? Didn’t they know that they would easily come across powerful beings?

For example, Hu Niu, the Young Imperial Empress of the Roc Palace. Of course, she had already lost her status now. However, if Ling Han wanted, he could easily take advantage of the influence of the Four Seas Palace.

Right now, the Four Seas Palace was the true leader of the Roc Heaven.

“This is still no reason for you to use a public reason to gain private benefits,” Ling Han said in a calm voice. These people were clearly taking advantage of this opportunity to gain wealth for themselves. Whenever they discovered valuable items in the Spatial God Tools, they would retrieve and take them.

Moreover, they would directly kill those who dared to hide their Spatial God Tools, such as with the old man. They were as ruthless as could be.

“Heh, are you dissatisfied with the actions of the Dragon Universe Palace?” someone said with a cold chuckle. They looked over, only to see a man in azure walking out from the village. His Dividing Soul Tier aura swept through the surroundings.