Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2179: Heaven Ringing Stone

Ye Jiande naturally wouldn’t care about whether Ling Han went first or Wenren Yue went first. He was simply making things difficult for them, and trying to disgust Ling Jianxue.

He had no other option. He was doing everything he could to pursue Tu Hongying, yet he couldn’t win her heart no matter what. Meanwhile, Ling Jianxue had easily won her heart without any effort, so how could he not feel extreme jealousy? Thus, he was going out of his way to bully and disgust Ling Jianxue.

“Alright, then begin,” the Immortal Palace Tier elder said. His name was Duan Haiming.

Ling Han walked over to the column, and placed his hand on it. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

This column was called the Heaven Ringing Stone, and it was specially used to examine the aptitude of cultivators.

If normal people placed their hands on this column, there would be no reaction at all. Only when one reached or surpassed the king tier would the Heaven Ringing Stone let out a ring. Moreover, the higher one’s aptitude, the louder and more vibrant this ring would be. The number of rings would also be greater.

When Ling Jianxue had entered the Heavenly Saint Palace, he had triggered nine long rings from the Heaven Ringing Stone, with each ring reverberating through the entire Heavenly Saint Palace. It was because of this that he had been accepted as a true disciple. After advancing to the Severing Mundane Tier, he had more so been elevated to the status of core disciple.

If he could advance even further, and reach the Fifth Severance, he could even become a Holy Son. That would be a completely different status. At that time, even Ye Jiande wouldn’t dare to target him anymore. This was because monarch tiers could definitely become Celestial Kings.

Who dared to act wantonly before a future Celestial King?

A cold smile spread across Ye Jiande’s face. He didn’t believe that Ling Jianxue could bring two prodigies back so easily. Perhaps they were talented enough to become external disciples, but it would most likely be a challenge for them to even become internal disciples. As such, could they possibly become true disciples?

The base requirement was for the Heaven Ringing Stone to release a loud ring. One ring would suffice.

Ling Han placed his hand on the Heaven Ringing Stone, yet there was no reaction at all.

“Hahahaha!” Ye Jiande instantly roared with laughter. Even though he didn’t give a toss about Ling Han, he would definitely take any opportunity he could to deride Ling Jianxue.

“Are you not going to hurry up and piss off?!” the two Earth Soul elites said.

“Why so impatient? You need to have some patience!” Ling Han said in a calm voice. He was naturally doing this on purpose. It looked as if he had placed his hand on the column, yet it was actually a tiny distance away from it. If one didn’t pay attention, they wouldn’t notice this at all.

Ye Jiande immediately turned to Duan Haiming, and said, “Lord Duan, hurry up and shoo him away.” Ye Jiande naturally couldn’t treat Ling Han with any sort of patience.

Duan Haiming nodded before turning to Ling Han, and saying, “Hurry up and piss off!”

“Heh, I know how to do many things, but I don’t know how to piss off. Why don’t you demonstrate it for me?” Ling Han said with a chuckle.

“Impudence!” Duan Haiming roared in anger. Initially, he had only helped Ye Jiande because he had received a bribe from him. However, Ling Han was acting with such arrogance, and this made him feel genuine rage.

He was at the Immortal Palace Tier, and he was powerful enough to be regarded as an elite even in the Celestial Realm.

Boom!

He immediately lashed out, grabbing at Ling Han.

Pa!

There was a crisp slapping sound, and they all saw Duan Haiming flying back in disarray. There was a bright red hand mark on his old face.

At this moment, Ye Jiande and his two lackeys were all transfixed with shock. It was as if they had been rendered stupid.

Meanwhile, Ling Jianxue and Wenren Yue were completely unfazed. They had already witnessed Ling Han’s godly power before, where he had even managed to rival a Fifth Secret elite. Thus, what could a measly First Secret elite do? Their only fate was to be insta-killed.

Duan Haiming crawled up from the floor, holding his cheek with his right hand. His face was filled with shock and disbelief.

Once Ling Han lashed out, he naturally knew that he was only at the Heaven Soul. However, it was exactly because of this that he was shocked.

A measly Heaven Soul had actually sent him flying with a single slap?

Was he hallucinating?

Just what kind of freak was this?

Boom!

At this moment, Ling Han finally placed his hand on the Heaven Ringing Stone. The stone column instantly lit up before releasing loud rings that reverberated through the heavens.

One ring, two rings, three rings…

When the stone column rang for the third time, seven Ascending Origin Tier elites immediately flew over, landing in the hall. Their eyes were shining brightly as they gazed at Ling Han, and it was as if they were impatient to snatch him.

This was a prodigy, and they wanted to take him as their disciple.

Four rings, five rings, six rings…

At the sixth ring, there were already hundreds of Ascending Origin Tier elites in the hall. Moreover, this number was steadily increasing.

Seven rings, eight rings, nine rings…

When the ninth ring sounded, there were already thousands of Ascending Origin Tier elites in the hall.

10th ring, 11th ring, 12th ring!

Weng!

A terrifying aura emanated, paramount and unbounded. It was as if the Heavenly Dao had descended.

A figure appeared, with a peculiar ray of light around them.

This was a Celestial King!

Everyone in the hall took a sharp breath. Ling Han had actually startled a Celestial King!

However, this only made sense. After all, that was 12 heavenly rings! In the entire history of the Heavenly Saint Palace, only a measly 300 people had triggered such a reaction before. Moreover, every single one of them had become a Celestial King.

Who didn’t want to take such a disciple?

However, the long and reverberant rings continued.

15th ring, 20th ring, 30th ring!

Weng, weng, weng!

One after another, several Celestial Kings descended. Moreover, the rays of peculiar light around their bodies also started to increase. The most powerful Celestial King present was already at the Fifth Heaven.

Heavens! This signified that even Fifth Heaven Celestial Kings wanted to take Ling Han as their disciple!

Duan Haiming trembled in fear. He was done for! This was the end!

He had actually picked on the disciple of a Celestial King! It would be useless even if Ye Jiande tried to help him—he would still suffer severe punishment. In fact, even Ye Jiande wouldn’t be spared from punishment.

He suddenly came to a realization. Ling Han had definitely done this on purpose. He had lured them to take the bait, egging them on to say many offensive things, and even causing him to lash out. Only then did he suddenly reveal his astounding natural talent, startling the Celestial Kings of the sect.

However, what use was this realization? What was done was already done.

He collapsed to the ground, feeling that his entire life was filled with gloom.

However, Ling Han’s performance had yet to conclude.

40th ring, 50th ring, 60th ring!

At this moment, even Sixth Heaven Celestial Kings started to appear. After them, a Seventh Heaven Celestial King also appeared in the hall—this person was the current palace leader of the Heavenly Saint Palace. Meanwhile, the only Eighth Heaven Celestial King was the previous palace leader. He had already stepped down, and he was currently acting as a grand elder of the sect. During normal times, he wouldn’t deal with any of the sect matters.

70th ring, 80th ring, 90th ring!

After reaching the 90th ring, the long rings finally started to slow down, not appearing as hurried as before.

91, 95, 97, 98, 99…

Finally, the long rings ground to a halt.

The hall was filled with silence. Even the Celestial Kings were rendered speechless with shock.

In the history of the Heavenly Saint Palace, only 279 people had triggered 20 rings from the Heaven Ringing Stone. Only 190 people had triggered 30 rings, and only one person had triggered 70 rings—the current palace leader.

How many rings had the grand elder—the Eighth Heaven Celestial King and previous palace leader of the Heavenly Saint Palace—triggered? No one knew. Perhaps only he had surpassed the limit of 90 rings.

Whoosh!

A young man appeared, and he only looked to be 15 or 16 years old. However, he was radiating with a primitive aura, and it was as if he were an ancient beast instead of a human. Like an ancient beast that had lived for countless years, his small figure seemingly contained a colossal power that could annihilate heaven and earth,

“Our respects to the grand elder!” Those below the rank of Celestial King all kneeled down in respect. In fact, even the Celestial Kings bowed slightly toward that youth.

This youth was surprisingly the most powerful elite of the Heavenly Saint Palace. He was Mo Zhuo, an Eighth Heaven Celestial King. He was also referred to as the Heavenly Saint Celestial King, and it was he who had founded the Heavenly Saint Palace.

Everyone was astonished. Even the Heavenly Saint Celestial King had been startled by Ling Han!

Mo Zhuo raised his hand, acknowledging their greetings. “Even I could only trigger 83 rings from the Heaven Ringing Stone.”