Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2191: Dragon Transformation Technique

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Ling Han actually hoped that this second brother of his would gain a lover.

Though the Rain Emperor had previously had a harem, when he had entered into the Ancient Realm, he had left behind all romantic affairs, his full being focused on cultivation. T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

In Ling Han’s eyes, this was too boring.

Right. At present, they could continuously climb to the apex of cultivation, but what if the day came when there was nowhere further for them to ascend? What pleasures would there be left of life?

It would be a different story if he had the company of a lover.

However, the Rain Emperor was too domineering and too assertive. Would he be willing to listen to the advice of others?

Ling Han sighed internally. With a bound, he leaped over the Dragon’s Gate.

Instantly, he felt a supreme force wrap around him, causing a tremendous change to take place in his form.

Dragon Transformation.

In truth, Celestials could change their form however they liked, and it was not the slightest bit difficult for them to take the form of a dragon. However, at present, it was not something as simple as just having the form of a dragon—there were masses of Dragon Qi surging towards his body.

The Dragon Qi continuously nurtured his body, pushing it towards greater strength, and even turned into multiple seals, transmitting the intent of heaven and earth.

“Dragon Transformation Technique!”

For some reason, these three words flashed through Ling Han’s mind.

‘There is a cultivation technique contained in this Dragon Qi, and it is named Dragon Transformation Technique. After successfully learning it, one would gain the ability to transform into a dragon. Of course, this Dragon Transformation is only a general meaning, and does not really mean that one would truly become a dragon. Instead, he would possess the strength of a dragon.

‘By then, if everyone were like dragons, then when the force of darkness invades, we would also be able to expel them.

‘Hiss, this time, the heaven and earth has really spared no effort, actually passing on such a cultivation technique!’

Ling Han did not place too much importance on this Dragon Transformation Technique. He was a cultivator of the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll, which was superior to the Dao of Heaven and Earth, and was the strongest and most powerful technique in this world. However, the instillation of Dragon Qi into his body still granted him great benefits.

‘Moreover, when the Dragon Transformation Technique has been cultivated to the highest level, one would be able to form the Qi of the Immortal Dragon inside his body. One streak of Qi would be equivalent to a full-force blow from an Immortal Dragon. However, the Dragon Qi is too hard to cultivate, and would be gone once you have used it in an attack. You would have to start accumulating it from the beginning again.

‘Additionally, the quantitative limit of Dragon Qi would also be restricted by the space inside the Dantian. One could not possibly accumulate it continuously without end.

‘Ordinarily, a First Heaven Celestial King would be able to cultivate a streak of Dragon Qi, and Fifth Heaven means five streaks, while Ninth Heaven would be nine streaks.’ Ling Han read the information of the Dragon Transformation Technique, and nodded slowly.

For him, the Dragon Transformation Technique was not particularly significant, but the Dragon Qi that he could eventually cultivate was not too bad, as it could increase his explosive power.

His body danced in the air, completely beyond his control. Dragon Qi entered his body, improving Ling Han’s physique in all aspects, but in truth, this improvement was not very great, because Ling Han had already cultivated every cultivation level to perfection, and the effect of the Dragon Qi was negligible.

Instead, the nine Source Powers of heaven and earth within his body became livelier, greedily absorbing this Dragon Qi.

They were nurtured from the heaven and earth, and naturally also relied on the heaven and earth. This Dragon Qi only possessed the shape of a dragon, but was actually the Source Power of the heaven and earth, which was naturally beneficial to strengthening the Source Powers of heaven and earth.

For the Empress and Hu Niu, the Dragon Qi pouring into their bodies could possibly double their strength or even triple it, but for Ling Han, it would already be good enough if it could increase his strength by one percent.

However, he had already ground his battle prowess to the pinnacle of the Dividing Soul Tier, and to say nothing of increasing his strength by a hundredth upon this basis, even if it was just an increase of a ten-thousandth, it would still be incredibly difficult. With this comparison, it was clear how powerful the power of heaven and earth was.

He descended from the skies, and when he landed on a plain, the Dragon Qi had also been fully absorbed.

“Die!” An attack was already flying towards him.

Ling Han looked up, and it was actually Zhan Fei!

He wielded a silver spear in his hands, and at this time, every seal was already glowing brightly as he stabbed his spear towards Ling Han.

Previously, Ling Han had stopped them from committing murder, and now they were going to kill Ling Han.

On the other side, the Rain Emperor was already fighting with Feng Xingren and the others, but in a battle of one against five, he had naturally fallen into a disadvantage. Thankfully, the Empress and Hu Niu moved in time, and managed to hold four of them back, allowing the Rain Emperor and Feng Xingren to battle one-on-one.

At this time, how terrifying the Rain Emperor was could clearly be seen. Even if he was a minor level inferior to Feng Xingren, and the latter was a great monarch tier, the former was still capable of fighting the latter to a stalemate, his battle prowess powerful to a heaven-defying extent.

Cheng Zixin, Fu Zhou, and Yan Xianlu were all watching in shock. No wonder the other man could become Ling Han’s Second Brother. This battle prowess was truly astonishing.

Even An Ran had forgotten to attack. She only knew that the Rain Emperor was very strong, but when all their cultivation levels were suppressed, the extent of their freakishness was also shrunk down. Only now did she know that the Rain Emperor could actually be as strong as this.

Ling Han’s brow wrinkled in a frown, and he glanced at Zhan Fei. Then, he indifferently threw out a punch.

Pu!

Zhan Fei instantly exploded into a shower of blood from the impact of this punch.

At first, Cheng Zixin and the others were already gaping with shock, and now they felt their scalps go numb.

Zhan Fei was their equal, and was in fact even slightly stronger than them, but in front of Ling Han, he exploded just from the force of a single punch. Just how wide was the gap in power between the two of them? And they actually said that they wanted to spar with Ling Han. This was practically a joke.

No wonder Yi thought so highly of Ling Han. So that was the case! If they had not seen it with their own eyes, how could they possibly imagine that a Heaven Soul could actually be as strong as this.

Yulan Fenghua’s pupils also dilated in shock. This kind of Heaven Soul was really too terrifying, being able to insta-kill a monarch tier of the same cultivation level with a single blow! If he was honest with himself, it would definitely be impossible for him to do the same if he was sent back to Heaven Soul.

And precisely because of this, his killing intent fell completely beyond his control. If he did not kill Ling Han now, then when the latter advanced to the Immortal Palace Tier, he probably would be dying in defeat.

Subconsciously, his feet were already moving.

“Hahahaha!” A loud laugh rang out, and?peng, a figure descended from the skies. A terrifying aura surged out, causing a chill to rise from the depths of everyone’s hearts.

Ling Han’s eyes swept over this newcomer, and his pupils involuntarily dilated. “Ji Wuming!”

There was no longer any restriction of cultivation level here. Ji Wuming spread out his aura without any reservations. He was clearly only a Heaven Soul, yet was even more domineering than any Celestial King.

Ji Wuming’s expression was filled with evil. His eyes swept over the gathered masses. “Not bad, not bad. There is also a large amount of Source Power of heaven and earth on you. It would be a waste on you people, so you should just contribute it to me!”

He moved aggressively, paying no concern to who his opponent was, and just simply killed a man, then feeding on him forcefully.

In this manner, he had naturally become a public enemy.

…Murder, feeding on the corpse, what was this?

“Let’s work together, and destroy him,” someone called out loudly, encouraging others to join forces. Meanwhile, some had turned and fled. Even if they won this kind of battle, what would be the point? There was not the slightest benefit to be gained.

Ling Han also moved in a hurry, drawing all the women into the Black Tower. Faced with Ji Wuming, he was only certain that he could stand against him, but did not think that he would be able to protect the women at the same time.

…It was the same the other way round. Ji Wuming, too, could not possibly protect the lives or life of someone while he was barraged by Ling Han’s offensive.

Ji Wuming moved like lightning. With a tremble of his figure, nine divided souls surged from his body, and began a massacre.

As expected, he, too, had formed nine divided souls!

The present Ji Wuming’s cultivation level was comparable to First Secret Immortal Palace Tier, and his battle prowess had surged directly to peak stage Fourth Secret, which was incredibly terrifying.

“Run, run, run, everyone, run!” After Ling Han drew the women into the Black Tower, he had no other worries. Thus, he turned and ran towards Ji Wuming, wanting to stop his random slaughter.

However, he had just moved when he felt a force directed at the back of his head.

The person who had made this move was Yulan Fenghua..