Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2192: Celestial Killer Spear

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Ling Han involuntarily humphed. This Yulan Fenghua was really very petty to actually make a move on him at this time, and it was a sneak attack at that.

How despicable!

Without even turning his head, he greeted the incoming blow with a punch of his own.

Boom!

A frightening light burst out, as if the heavens were collapsing.

Yulan Fenghua paled in shock. Ling Han had actually dissipated his strike.

He was but a mere Heaven Soul; how could he possibly be so strong?

Yulan Fenghua looked at Ji Wuming again. This madman was also killing First Secret, Second Secret, and Third Secret elites like he was chopping vegetables—he was the same kind of freak as Ling Han.

How could there be such freaks in this world, and to have two of them pop up at the same time?

“Brother Yulan, this is your so-called spar?” Ling Han asked calmly. This was completely a sneak attack.

Yulan Fenghua looked embarrassed. At first, he had planned to kill Ling Han with a single blow, ending all his future worries. Who would have thought that Ling Han would actually be so freakish? He was clearly only a Heaven Soul, yet his battle prowess could match that of Yulan Fenghua, who was a First Secret monarch tier.

And now with Ling Han mocking him directly, he was naturally extremely displeased, and wanted nothing more than to kick Ling Han to the other side of the world so that he could then escape from this awkward situation.

He hardened his heart. In this present situation, it was worse the more he spoke. He might as well just remain silent.

Ji Wuming was committing mass slaughter, and appeared to be planning to massacre all of them, and he only had to kill Ling Han. Then, all his actions today would naturally be known to no one.

“Ling Han, you should die now!” He charged out again.

In his eyes, though Ling Han was very freakish, he was still just a Heaven Soul no matter how freakish he was, and he himself was a First Secret monarch tier. As long as he went all out, it would definitely be him winning.

“Laws have no bounds!” He channeled a powerful attack, its might soaring to the heavens.

He was the Holy Son of the Imperial Void Sect, and was the personal disciple of the Imperial Void Celestial King at that. Not only did he have a grasp of many celestial techniques, their might was also incredibly strong. This “Laws have no bounds” was a secret technique that he could only use after advancing to the Immortal Palace Tier, and was endlessly strong.

Boom, it was as if he had become the ruler of the heavens. His palm descended, capable of piercing through the heavens, directly striking onto the underworld.

This attack was quite strong, Ling Han thought internally, yet was completely unafraid. Using Fists of Fury, he launched his own attack at that massive palm.

Peng!

The fist blasted onto that colossal palm, and did not even pause before directly penetrating the palm and striking out. The power of Regulation vibrated, instantly covering the entire palm. Then, this gargantuan palm collapsed and crumbled.

Ling Han’s fist was aimed straight for Yulan Fenghua.

Yulan Fenghua quickly leaped up, dodging this blow, his expression filled with absolute disbelief.

He had shot out a powerful attack, and not only had he not managed to suppress Ling Han, it had instead been destroyed with a single punch from the latter?

He was just a mere Heaven Soul, and was actually even stronger than Yulan Fenghua, who was a First Secret monarch tier? Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

How was this possible?

Though his heart was astounded, he still summoned a battle spear without hesitation. With a wave of his hands,?weng, weng, weng,?multiple seals on the battle spear lit up, exuding a terrifying aura.

He declared arrogantly, “This is the weapon my master used in the Immortal Palace Tier. Though it is not a Celestial Tool, it has been instilled with my master’s invincible fighting spirit, This spear’s name is Celestial Killer!”

Celestial Killer? How arrogant.

The strongest in the Celestial Realm were Celestials, but the Imperial Void Celestial King actually named this spear as Celestial Killer? Just what kind of lofty ambition was that?

Ling Han smiled faintly, and said, “Unfortunately, your master is your master, and you are you. There is no way the two of you can be talked about in the same breath.”

“Nonsense, I will definitely be the second coming of my master in future!” Yulan Fenghua declared loudly.

“You won’t be!” Ling Han shook his head. “You haven’t even cultivated Dividing Nine Souls Dividing Soul Tier to perfection, and are merely mediocre!” Small Tower’s assessment of the Imperial Void Celestial King was that the latter was qualified to ascend to the Heavenly Venerable Tier. Then, this person had to have formed nine divided souls.

Yulan Fenghua had not formed nine divided souls, and wanted to become the second Imperial Void Celestial King. Wasn’t that just being delusional?

“After your death, I will carve the word ‘mediocre’ onto your grave!” Yulan Fenghua charged out, wielding his spear. The tip of the spear was flowing with endless sharp violence. It was clearly no Celestial Tool, yet seemed to be even more powerful than any Celestial Tool.

This was because there was no Immortal Palace Tier that could fully activate the full might of a Celestial Tool. On the contrary, the might of Five Stars and Six Stars Pseudo-Celestial Tools could be fully released in the hands of an Immortal Palace Tier.

…It was just how techniques did not differ in strength. The strongest technique would be the one that was suited to one.

Boom, the piercing attack shot forwards, its vicious might soaring to the heavens.

This was not just the combined force of Yulan Fenghua and the Celestial Killer Spear. It also included the invincible intent that the Imperial Void Celestial King had previously left behind in the Celestial Killer Spear.

He had a chance of becoming a Heavenly Venerate, so what did that signify?

At that time, the Imperial Void Celestial King had to be a prodigy of the same strength as Ling Han and Ji Wuming, or perhaps even slightly stronger than them. It was rumored that he had cultivated the Severing Mundane Tier to the point that he could deliver no further strikes, and only then did he advance into the Dividing Soul Tier.

Which also meant that even though Yulan Fenghua had only pierced forwards with a spear, it was equivalent to the full-force blow of Yulan Fenghua, the Imperial Void Celestial King, and a Six Stars Pseudo-Celestial Tool all combined.

Ling Han looked intrigued. Of course, his interest was not directed at Yulan Fenghua, but rather at the Imperial Void Celestial King. To be exact, it was towards the Imperial Void Celestial King when he had still been in the Immortal Palace Tier. Ling Han wanted to battle the Imperial Void Celestial King in this proxy manner.

Raising his fist, he charged towards the Celestial Killer Spear in attack.

Pu!

A stream of blood gushed out, and Ling Han’s fist was immediately dripping with blood.

“Hahaha, with your mere body of flesh and blood, you actually dare to stand against the Celestial Killer Spear! You are merely asking for your own suffering!” Yulan Fenghua smirked coldly.

Meanwhile, Ling Han looked at his fist. The Source Power of Wood activated, and the wound immediately recovered at a visibly fast rate. Though this still contained the martial intent of the Imperial Void Celestial King, as well as the destructive power of a Six Star Pseudo-Celestial Tool, the Source Power of Wood was at the Celestial King Tier. It was naturally easy for it to dissipate these factors.

It was now very hard for his physique to further improve in strength. He would need an ocean’s worth of natural treasures working together with the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll to be able to improve his physique further.

“Imperial Void Celestial King truly lives up to his reputation.” Ling Han nodded, showing a solemn expression.

Though he had only glimpsed the the tip of the iceberg, the Imperial Void Celestial King definitely had to be world-shakingly powerful when he had been in the Immortal Palace Tier to be able to just have a sliver of vicious intent explode, and cause even Ling Han’s physique to be outmatched.

After all, Ling Han presently was only equivalent to First Secret, and had not really advanced into the Immortal Palace Tier yet.

Yulan Fenghua was furious. Ling Han actually overlooked him completely, and the more he praised the Imperial Void Celestial King as extraordinary, the further he looked down on him.

“The might of my master naturally shakes the whole world, so how could you possibly look up to him?” Yulan Fenghua declared arrogantly. “You will become the dust of history soon.”

Ling Han chuckled, and replied, “If it had been the Imperial Void Celestial King from that time, I would definitely have battled him gladly. Too bad, you are too weak, so you are not even qualified to incite my fighting spirit. Only this spear is worthy of my interest in playing with it.”

“You…” Yulan Fenghua trembled with fury. He was a super monarch tier, and it had always been him calling the shots, and looking down on all the other prodigies of the world, yet now he was actually treated with such utter contempt. Only the spear in his hands was worthy of Ling Han’s interest to “play around”.

“You can just continue to speak tough, but you will very soon regret, and find out just how terrifying I can be in my fury!” He calmed down, and practically spat out each world, his killing intent boiling over.

Ling Han cracked a smile. “Oh, scowling?”

“Die!” Yulan Fenghua could no longer bear it. With a battle cry, his figure charged out, the Celestial Killer Spear sweeping out in attack, its murderous aura surging to the heavens..