Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2193: Joining forces again

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Yulan Fenghua was indeed very strong. A super monarch tier was not just a mere empty boast, and he was also acclaimed as the second coming of the Imperial Void Celestial King. This assessment was extremely high. The Celestial Killer Spear was even more terrifying, and was the Pseudo-Celestial Tool that the Imperial Void Celestial King had previously used, instilled with his invincible fighting spirit and will. Even just a sliver would shake the heavens and quake the earth.

More importantly, the Celestial Killer Spear was a Six Stars Pseudo-Celestial Tool, and could match any Fifth Secret elite or even monarch tier.

This was terrifying.

Ling Han was indeed very freakish, but he had not reached the extent at which he could stand against a Fifth Secret monarch tier. Thus, under the powerful offensive of the Celestial Killer Spear, he was forced into continuous retreat, and there would occasionally be blood spraying out. If it were not for the fact that his physique and recovery ability were both freakish, he would have long since been killed by the Celestial Killer Spear.

Yulan Fenghua laughed loudly. He had finally pushed his enemy into such a sorry state, which made him feel incredibly satisfied and pleased.

“This spear is not too bad.” A compliment rang out, and Ji Wuming leaped over, his eyes focused on the Celestial Killer Spear in a burning gaze.

He was clearly just a Heaven Soul, but Yulan Fenghua still felt a powerful chill. It was like the other man was not a “weakling” that was inferior to him by a major tier, but rather a high and noble Celestial King that was capable of even being his master’s equal.

He hurriedly shook his head, and expelled this chill from his body.

“What does it have to do with you?” He withdrew his spear for the moment.

“I’d like to study it for a bit,” Ji Wuming said smilingly. Just as he was speaking, his nine divided souls had killed just about everyone in the vicinity, and returned to him.?Boom, his aura immediately rose to a new level, and even Yulan Fenghua felt an involuntary urge to kneel in worship.

The strongest state of the Dividing Soul Tier would definitely be when all the divided souls had returned into their body, and the individual battle prowess would reach the strongest level. However, against multiple enemies, having divided souls split out would achieve a better result.

Having felt the pressure of the Celestial Killer Spear, even Ji Wuming had withdrawn all his nine divided souls, which showed that he was quite wary of this Pseudo-Celestial Tool.

“In your dreams!” Yulan Fenghua smirked coldly. What was going on with this world? A mere Dividing Soul Tier actually dared to provoke an Immortal Palace Tier, and a First Secret monarch tier at that! Yet, there were as many as two such people who did not know what was good for them, and actually did have this kind of strength.

Ji Wuming looked towards Ling Han, his gaze holding a killing intent that could not be concealed, and asked, “Ling Han, why don’t we join forces again?”

“You want the spear?” Ling Han asked.

“You already have the precious treasure of a Heavenly Venerate, and this spear is completely useless to you. As for me, I just want to study it. After all, the Imperial Void is that old guy’s disciple,” Ji Wuming said.

“All right!” Ling Han nodded. Indeed, he only wanted to battle with the Celestial King Tier will within the Celestial Killer Spear, but did not covet this previous tool all that much.

Yulan Fenghua was both furious and shocked. These two people actually dared to covet the Celestial Killer Spear, and were completely overlooking him! However, hearing the tone of these two people, it seemed as if they both knew the existence of the Heavenly Venerable Tier.

It should be known that even he had just found out that there was such a supreme level in the Celestial Realm not too long ago, and had even been granted an audience with the Sealed Emotion Heavenly Venerable, wherein the latter had carelessly given him some guidance, and it was enough to completely transform him, and increase his battle prowess three times over. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Yet now, a Heavenly Venerate from Ji Wuming’s mouth was actually called an “old guy”, and Ling Han now even possessed the precious treasure of a Heavenly Venerable Tier!

Hiss, just what was going on with these two people?

True, if it was not related to Heavenly Venerable Tier, how could such a ridiculous occurrence like Dividing Soul Tier being capable of standing against Immortal Palace Tier happen?

“I understand now, that is Dividing Nine Souls!” Yulan Fenghua suddenly exclaimed. He previously had thought that Ji Wuming had only been using a cultivation technique, manifesting nine doppelgangers, and had not even considered the idea of Dividing Nine Souls. It was only now that his heart suddenly trembled wildly as he thought of this possibility.

That was because there was also one such freak in the Sealed Emotion Palace. He clearly had been cultivating for a shorter period of time than him, yet even he could only kneel down in submission.

In front of such a freak, he was as insignificant as an ant.

And now, this kind of feeling had come back to him again.

Fortunately, the freak in the Sealed Emotion Palace had a higher cultivation level than him, so he did not even have the slightest extravagant hopes, but these two people in front of him were both inferior to him by a whole major tier, and he also possessed a deadly weapon like the Celestial Killer Spear in his hands, so he had enough confidence that he could face these two freaks.

‘…Hold on, Ling Han must also have cultivated to the Dividing Nine Souls!’

He was overcome with jealousy because Ling Han previously had clearly been inferior to him, yet now the latter had completely left him behind in the dust, and this was completely displeasing to him.

“Let’s make our move,” Ji Wuming said to Ling Han. If it were not due to the Celestial Killer Spear, he would have been able to easily kill a garbage like Yulan Fenghua.

Ling Han nodded. Since Yulan Fenghua now knew that he possessed the precious treasure of a Heavenly Venerate, and the latter also had an extremely strong link with the Sealed Emotion Heavenly Venerable, it was naturally impossible that he could allow him to leave this place alive.

The two of them had joined forces before. Though they were opposed to one another, their level of coordination was extremely high.

Xiu, xiu, the two of them moved from the left and right side, respectively, charging towards Yulan Fenghua.

Boom, a boundless brilliance surged from their hands, descending downwards on Yulan Fenghua.

“Scram!” Yulan Fenghua shouted loudly, waving his spear in a wide sweep, and exuding impressive might.

The Celestial Killer Spear was too powerful. In the past, the Imperial Void Celestial King had to also have cultivated up to Dividing Nine Souls, and this was a Pseudo-Celestial Tool that he had tempered to the level of the Fifth Secret. Just how terrifying was this powerful weapon? Thus, even if Ling Han and Ji Wuming had joined forces, so what? They would definitely be suppressed by Yulan Fenghua and left at a complete disadvantage.

Yet Yulan Fenghua did not bear the slightest bit of pride in his expression.

If their cultivation levels were all equal, and he could suppress two super freaks, it would be proof that his strength was more powerful. But now, the present situation was that Ling Han’s and Ji Wuming’s cultivation level was inferior to his, and he just gained the upper hand by depending on the Celestial Killer Spear. If they all did not depend on their Celestial Tools, then he would not even be a match for Ling Han or Ji Wuming individually.

This caused his expression to become livid, and the killing intent in his heart surged endlessly.

If that was the case, he would then kill both of these freaks, and then there would be no need for him to suffer such embarrassment.

‘Die!’

The Celestial Killer Spear danced wildly. Yulan Fenghua was like a god of war, completely enjoying the upper hand.

“Heaven Souls would ultimately only be Heaven Souls!” he declared disdainfully.

Ling Han humphed, and finally released a powerful move. The Great Clash of Source Powers channeled, and?boom, he shot out a shock wave forwards. Endless seals flickered, filled with destruction.

Weng, the Celestial Killer Spear shone, and formed a shield of light in front of Yulan Fenghua, protecting him completely.

However, the power of the Great Clash of Source Powers was too overwhelming. Even if Yulan Fenghua was protected by the Celestial Killer Spear, he was still sent sliding back about 500 meters before he finally stopped, leaving behind two deep tracks of footprints on the ground.

“Hahahaha!” When the shield of light dispersed, Yulan Fenghua burst into laughter. This strike from Ling Han caused a chill to rise up from his very soul, but the Celestial Killer Spear truly lived up to being the Pseudo-Celestial Tool that the Imperial Void Celestial King had used years ago. It was capable of both defense and offense, and showed the brilliance of the pinnacle limits of the Immortal Palace Tier in both aspects.

“You are both but clay chickens and pottery dogs!” he declared in an act of disdain, but in truth, he was greatly jealous.

Ji Wuming’s figure flashed, and he already charged right in front of Yulan Fenghua. A “卍” character appeared on his forehead, turning into an eye that snapped open abruptly. Immediately, lotus flowers bloomed all around him. He tapped out a finger, and it was like the finger tap of a Buddha, transcending all mortality.

“Eternity Tap!” Yulan Fenghua suddenly exclaimed in shock.

Clay chickens and pottery dogs is a Chinese proverb that means someone is absolutely useless..