Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2195: Divine sense of a Heavenly Venerate

Ji Wuming had always wanted to kill Ling Han, and snatch the precious treasure of the Heavenly Venerate from him. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

He was definitely an anti-hero. If he wanted something, he would express that want frankly, and would not deliberately put on any pretenses. That was the style of a vile character.

The reason he had prepared this so-called net was actually Ling Han. Once he was captured by the net, he would be just like Yulan Fenghua, who was yet unable to pierce through the net even with the Celestial Killer Spear.

“Unfortunately, this net is only a one-use item.” Ji Wuming shook his head in mild regret.

Ling Han wanted to give him the middle finger, but these words were not completely trustworthy. God knew if Ji Wuming was simply lying to him, and luring him into carelessness. This person was an anti-hero. To achieve his motives, he could be unscrupulous.

“After sacrificing such a treasure, if I am still unable to take this spear, wouldn’t my losses be too great?” Ji Wuming charged out, continuing to barrage Yulan Fenghua with a powerful offensive.

Yulan Fenghua had the protection of the Celestial Killer Spear, and there was absolutely no risk to his life, but there was no way for him to escape, either.

That net seemed to have been pinned down. No matter how Yulan Fenghua charged, he ultimately would still be bounced backwards by the elastic ropes of the net.

This was truly a treasure.

Ling Han watched with a heated gaze. If he had such a treasure, it would become extremely easy for him to snatch any kind of treasure in the future.

Too bad, this treasure was ultimately only for a single use. Furthermore, with Ji Wuming’s strength, the chances of snatching a treasure from his hands were practically zero. This was the same as how Ji Wuming had his eye on the Black Tower, and wanted to take it for himself, but had failed repeatedly.

Their levels were already incredibly close. Either of them could possibly kill the other.

Yulan Fenghua roared furiously. What use was it even if he had powerful battle prowess? The Celestial Killer Spear could not tear through this net, and all of it was pointless.

This was a very hopeless affair. It was clear that he had superior strength, yet he could only submissively wait for death like this.

Ling Han also charged over, joining forces with Ji Wuming, and speeding up the exhaustion of energy inside the Celestial Killer Spear.

Just as it looked like all the seals on the Celestial Killer Spear were about to go dim, Yulan Fenghua’s expression twisted completely, and he roared in fury, “Since the two of you are so determined to seek death, let us die together then!”

He spat out strange syllables from his mouth, and the meaning could not be distinguished when they were spoken together. However, the heaven and earth suddenly changed. Dark clouds rolled out, and lightning flashed.

“Oh no, this trash is reciting the true name of the Sealed Emotion Heavenly Venerable! With his cultivation level, there is no way he could sustain the descent of a sliver of thought from a Heavenly Venerate, but we would be exposed to the eyes of that old guy,” Ji Wuming said solemnly. A fierce expression appeared on his face. “He truly deserves death. He is just trash, and will actually cause me to waste one of my trump cards!”

His fingers moved in hand seals.?Weng, a golden Buddha suddenly appeared behind him, which was followed by the second, the third, and so on. In total, nine of them appeared, and surrounded Yulan Fenghua completely.

The nine golden Buddhas chanted Buddhist scriptures at the same time, surpassing all.

With their chanting, Yulan Fenghua’s voice was abruptly drowned out.

It was not that the sound was too loud, completely overwhelming his voice, but rather was a suppression in terms of Regulations.

“Wa…” Yulan Fenghua threw up copious amounts of blood. Even if he had not completely recited the true name of a Heavenly Venerate, a sliver of intent was already mysteriously descending. This was something that his body could not possibly sustain.

He looked dumbly forwards as his body began to crumble, suddenly turning into thousands of pieces.

Kuang, thunder rang out loudly in the skies, and a rip suddenly opened in the void. An eye appeared, but it had not managed to sweep its vision dowards when it was struck by lightning.?Pa, it directly vanished, and the rip in the void was instantly restored. The dark clouds dispersed, turning back into clear skies.

Ji Wuming’s expression was slightly pale. Using a powerful move to stop the descent of a sliver of intent of a Heavenly Venerate had been only a piece of cake for him in the past, yet now it caused him to pay quite an exorbitant price.

“The Heavenly Venerable Tier has surpassed the heaven and earth, and is no longer recognized by the heaven and earth. He cannot easily show up.” Ji Wuming actually explained the situation to Ling Han.

It was rare that this Ninth Heaven Celestial King of the past was willing to reveal some secrets, so Ling Han naturally grabbed the opportunity, and asked, “Isn’t it said that the Heavenly Venerable Tier has surpassed the heaven and earth? Even if the Heavenly Venerable Tier is not recognized by the heaven and earth, so what?”

Ji Wuming shook his head. “The Heavenly Venerable Tier has only surpassed Regulations, and not the heaven and earth.”

Ling Han was slightly confused. Weren’t the heaven and earth and Regulations the same concept?

“Wrong, wrong.” Ji Wuming shook his head. “How could anyone be capable of conquering and surpassing the might of the heaven and earth? But as the heaven and earth channels, there is a need for some Regulations to serve the heaven and earth. The Regulations of heaven and earth can be altered, but the heaven and earth itself cannot. It would either exist or cease to exist.”

Ling Han thought for a moment, and said, “Can we use this metaphor, then? The heaven and earth are father and mother, while the Regulations are the child. We cultivators are grandchildren, so we have to adhere to the Regulations, but in the case of Heavenly Venerable Tier, they are equivalent to the illegitimate children of heaven and earth, and thus are equal to the Regulations, yet they are envied by the Regulations, and granted no recognition from the Regulations.”

Ji Wuming chuckled. “This metaphor is really a mess, but there is some logic to it. However, the Regulations is birthed from the heaven and earth. A Heavenly Venerable Tier has surpassed the Regulations, and is similarly not recognized by the heaven and earth. However, the heaven and earth cannot directly interfere, and can only act through Regulations. That is why even Regulations can do nothing against Heavenly Venerable Tier.

“Going by your previous metaphor, the Heavenly Venerable Tier should be considered as an unfilial child that has been cast out of the family, and can rule as a despot, yet ultimately it is still a member of this family.”

As he spoke, he stowed the Celestial Killer Spear away. After paying such a heavy price, he had to have some profit.

Ling Han did not stop him. Indeed, he did not have much interest in the Celestial Killer Spear, and Ji Wuming had sacrificed more than he had.

More importantly, Ling Han also hoped that Ji Wuming could become stronger. The stronger he was, the more it could motivate him so that he would not slack off or relax.

If there came a day when he suddenly had no rival, he would definitely be extremely bored, and have no further desire to improve his cultivation level. That was because no matter how strong he became, so what? He would already be at the top.

“Ling Han, when I have digested these Source Power of heaven and earth, I will battle you again.” Ji Wuming laughed loudly. “Your life ultimately has to end in my hands!”

“Hehe.” Ling Han only offered him a cold laugh. If he wanted a battle, he was pleased to oblige. What did he have to fear?

Ji Wuming shot through the air, and very soon disappeared from sight. With so many people dying, powerful figures would be arriving shortly. If he did not leave, it would be too late—though he was sure to have some means of fleeing from Ascending Origin Tiers or even Celestial Kings, he ultimately would still have to make some sacrifices. What was the point of being stubborn now?

Ling Han turned his head and looked over. The Rain Emperor, Hu Niu, and the others were still battling Zhan Fei, Feng Xingren, and their group fiercely. The Empress and Hu Niu had tied up five of them, merely staying on the defensive, and allowing the Rain Emperor to battle his opponent without reservations.

The Rain Emperor was a cultivation prodigy. He had actually completely exhausted the benefits he had gained from his Dragon Transformation in battle, gradually increasing his battle prowess, and reaching a level that completely surpassed his opponent. Then, his viciousness came out in full play. In a few strikes, he beat his opponent into dust.

Ling Han leaped over, and said, “Second Brother, I’ll help you deal with a few of them. It would not be good to stay here too long.”

“All right!” The Rain Emperor was not the kind to show off. Him dealing with one opponent independently was already proof of his strength. There was no need for him to continue to duel the others.

“Retreat! Retreat! Retreat!” Zhan Fei and his group were all pale, and hurriedly called out for a retreat.

Ling Han stretched out a hand.?Boom, Regulations turned into a cage, imprisoning all five of them. “Though I do not possess the Inescapable Net, I am still more than adequate to detain all of you here..”