Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2201: Compensation again?

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Are you seeking death?” Liu Jun had not answered, but Gu Yushu was already humphing coldly. His eyes were focused directly on Ling Han, exuding a menacing chill.

Only then did Liu Jun say, “Do you know who he is? Brother Gu is an A-grade student of the Saintly Origin Academy, a great monarch tier. Though he is a Heaven Soul like you, his strength overwhelms the strength of an emperor tier like you by who knows how many times over!”

Ling Han couldn’t help but laugh. “How do you know that I am an emperor tier? What if I, too, am a monarch tier?”

“What a joke!” Gu Yushu scoffed. “Monarch tiers will definitely be qualified to enroll in the academy, and only emperor tiers will be qualified to join the selections. It must be that you have not passed the selections, and are willing to leave due to your reluctance. That’s why you have stayed until now!

“As a cultivator, to actually make a living from selling alchemical pills, how humiliating!”

Ling Han laughed loudly. “If you’re so awesome, don’t ingest any alchemical pills yourself then!”

Yet Gu Yushu couldn’t even be bothered to pay any regard to him. In his eyes, alchemists were only tools that served cultivators. If it were not for the fact that he required a great amount of Secret Construct Pills to break through to the Immortal Palace Tier, even Liu Jun would be below his notice.

He had a low opinion of chefs, but how could it be that he would not eat?

“And now, not only will I be crippling one of your arms, I will also be slapping that stinky mouth of yours into pieces!” Gu Yushu declared balefully.

Liu Jun immediately nodded in quick succession. He also hated Ling Han’s mouth very much.

“The two of you, get lost!” Hu Niu bared her teeth, looking vicious.

When Liu Jun and Gu Yushu’s eyes swept over, they both looked stunned.

It wasn’t that they had not spotted Hu Niu previously; it was just that their entire focus was on Ling Han. It was just a passing glance, and they had not looked closely at her. But it was a different story now. With Hu Niu interrupting like this, they immediately saw her clearly.

This girl… was very beautiful, very pure, and like a sparkling stream, giving comfort to anyone who saw her.

“Step aside!” Gu Yushu exclaimed. However, though his voice carried a command, his tone wasn’t very severe.

Hu Niu placed her hands on her hips, and declared, “Despicable, Niu was already very angry today, and you people actually dare to anger Niu further! Humph, you guys are finished, Niu will a*s-rape you!”

Hearing these words, even Ling Han broke out in a cold sweat. He had set a wrong example only once, and the little girl had been completely corrupted.

Gu Yushu’s expression darkened, showing a hint of displeasure.

Hu Niu had also cultivated the Heaven Deceiving Technique, so there were some slight changes to her appearance and bearing. Though she was still very beautiful, just like the Empress, she was considerably less beautiful than the fine exquisite beauty she had been previously.

Thus, though Gu Yushu admired Hu Niu’s beauty, it had not reached the point of complete captivation.

“Miss, you are making a mis—”

Peng!

He had not even said all his words when a fair, delicate tiny fist was already crashing towards him.

Though this fist was incredibly graceful, Gu Yushu immediately broke out in a cold sweat. He felt that if this fist actually landed on him, he would definitely suffer a serious injury.

In this instant, he did not have the time to consider how Hu Niu could be so strong, and hurriedly raised his arms, forming a cross in front of him.

The punch landed, and a shield of light immediately took form in front of him. There was the Azure Dragon howling, the White Tiger roaring, the Vermillion Bird spreading its wings, and the Black Tortoise holding up the heavens.

Hu Niu’s fist stopped forcibly, but the little girl did not withdraw her fist. Instead, she humphed, and?boom, a layer of bright flames immediately wrapped around her tiny fist.

Source Power of heaven and earth, Purple Spirit Flames!

Instantly, cracks appeared in the shield of light in front of Gu Yushu.?Crack, crack, crack, the cracks became larger and larger, and the shield finally crumbled resoundingly.

Hu Niu’s punch shot straight in, but Gu Yushu had also gained a chance to catch his breath back. With a tap of his foot, he hurriedly retreated.

He was involuntarily astonished. What he had used now was the Four Divisions Technique, which had been created by an Eighth Heaven Celestial King. He had also mastered the cultivation technique completely, but because of his cultivation level, he was unable to execute its greatest might yet.

However, this should not be something that could be broken by an elite of the same level, either, especially when it had just sustained a single punch.

That fire… was too terrifying!

“Ah!” He suddenly grabbed his head, feeling a frightening intent barraging his spirit. Instantly, he was bleeding from all his orifices, making for a tragic sight.

The Purple Spirit Flames did not just have a terrifying physical attack, but also targeted one’s spirit.

How could Gu Yushu have possibly predicted that Hu Niu possessed a Source Power of heaven and earth? That was something that was very difficult for even Celestial Kings to obtain.

Peng!

Hu Niu’s battle awareness was incredibly strong. She had long since approached, and waved her fists repeatedly.?Peng, peng, peng,?she thrashed Gu Yushu harshly.

Initially, even if Gu Yushu was inferior to Ling Han, it would not go as far as this, but who asked that he was careless?

For those that had reached a pinnacle like theirs, the slightest misstep would mean losing the whole battle!

Gu Yushu could only parry repeatedly, but Hu Niu’s stamina was extremely frightening. Though she was still inferior to Ling Han, she had long since reached the Immortal Palace Tier in terms of stamina, and because of this, her frequency and speed of attack far surpassed Gu Yushu’s.

Peng, peng, peng,?Hu Niu’s fists showered like rain, and Gu Yushu could only retreat continuously. As he retreated, he would naturally crash into tables, chairs, the wall, and so on. Undoubtedly, whatever he crashed into would immediately crumble.

Meanwhile, Ling Han was smilingly counting on the sidelines. “1,000,000 Star Stones, 2,000,000 Star Stones…” With every number he spoke, he would glance at Liu Jun, and the latter couldn’t help but want to stomp in fury. It was not him that had caused the destruction, so what did it have to do with him?

Moreover, there were a great many things that had been broken by Hu Niu, so why were they placed on his tab as well? Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

After complaining internally, Liu Jun’s heart was also throbbing madly. It was extremely possible that Gu Yushu was no match for that beauty.

How was this possible?

Gu Yushu was a grand monarch tier, and Hu Niu was not an Immortal Palace Tier, either, so how could Gu Yushu be beaten to the point that he could not even fight back at all?

Hiss, this meant that Hu Niu was also a monarch tier herself!

But why would a monarch tier not have enrolled into Saintly Origin Academy? 30 years had already passed!

Would Gu Yushu lose?

This thought came to being in his mind. At first, he did not have the slightest doubt about Gu Yushu’s strength, and those that could suppress Gu Yushu… There was practically no one in the Heaven Soul. At most, they could only be his equal.

Yet now, Liu Jun was filled with worry.

There was worry for Gu Yushu, and worry for his own purse as well. Previously, Ling Han had glanced at him with every number he called out; clearly, he was going to be treated as the spendthrift fool again.

‘Gu Yushu, you must counter bravely.’

Too bad, things turned out contrary to his wishes. Gu Yushu had not found a point where he could counter, but was instead being suppressed by Hu Niu harder and harder.

…Not only did Hu Niu have astonishing natural talent in cultivation, her battle awareness was also extraordinary. In a situation where the battle prowess of both sides was more or less equal, as long as she could find the chance, there was practically no possibility for even Ling Han to turn the tables around.

Then how would Gu Yushu accomplish that?

Because Hu Niu had already come close enough to him, he did not even have the time to summon a treasure like a Pseudo-Celestial Tool or decree. He could only deal endlessly with Hu Niu’s fists that rained down like a heavy shower. Otherwise, if he was just hit once, even if he did manage to take out a decree or Pseudo-Celestial Tool, he might be completely knocked out too.

He could only defend his vital areas. Because his speed of attack was completely inferior to Hu Niu’s, the parts like his arms, legs, and feet could only be given up. Even if he was beaten, there was nothing he could do.

As they fought, he continued to retreat. Because Hu Niu was suppressing him completely, he could not turn the tables around with his own power. What else could he do but retreat?

Peng! Peng! Peng!

With his retreat, he very quickly created a large hole in the wall of the pharmacy.

“This would be 20,000,000 Star Stones,” Ling Han said to Liu Jun.

What did that have to do with him!

Liu Jun wanted to cry, but had no tears.. He really didn’t have any more money.