Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2213: Hong Huang moves

When Qi Ya saw this, she involuntarily shrunk back, and hurriedly turned and fled in a panic.

“Haha!” Ling Han laughed, then sat down, and continued sipping his tea.

Neither the Empress nor Hu Niu took it to heart. Though both Jia Lan and Hong Huang had already advanced into the Immortal Palace Tier, and had the might of a supreme monarch tier, there was no possible way that Ling Han wasn’t a match for them.

But this was the Saintly Origin Academy, so it did have some rules. He was sure that the two of them would not dare bully them so brazenly.

However, after only a while had passed, a gigantic spirit palm descended from the skies. The palm was as sparkling and translucent as jade, multiple seals incredibly brilliant, and was descending on an unmatchable course.

Ling Han hurriedly grabbed the two women, and used Void Space, moving rapidly.

Boom!

The massive palm descended.?Boom, the four abodes of Ling Han and his group were simultaneously turned into rubble.

“Wa!” Ling Han also spat out blood continuously. Thankfully, he had hidden the two women behind him, and they had not suffered too much impact, unlike Ling Han, who had been touched by the shock wave created by the massive spirit palm.

This was too astonishing. It had just been the shock wave, and actually possessed such might.

An Ascending Origin Tier elite had moved?

“This is a warning. No one can humiliate one of my, Hong Huang’s, people!” A voice rang out calmly, bearing a boundless dominance.

Hong Huang!

The person who had moved was actually Hong Huang. He, too, was only a First Secret as well.

A supreme monarch tier was indeed powerful.

Ling Han nodded internally. It was no wonder that Hong Huang could stand equal with Ji Wuming. If he were to fight with Ji Wuming, who was superior by a cultivation level, there was no need to question the result. He would be dying very tragically.

He hadn’t even appeared, and merely sent a palm strike from afar, and it was enough to inflict light injury on Ling Han. If he had not reacted in time, he would even have been severely wounded!

Furthermore, this person was extremely overbearing.

This was Saintly Origin Academy, but Hong Huang dared to make a move on Ling Han so brazenly, using his superiority to bully Ling Han, and completely ignoring the basic rules. This kind of arrogance was also a rarity.

“I will give you three days to come to our Huang Alliance and report, and become an odd jobs worker. Otherwise, the next thing I destroy would not be your abodes.” Hong Huang’s voice rang out again. “Refusing a toast only to be forced to drink as forfeit, humph, just asking for your own suffering!”

The voice ran out like thunder, with absolutely no reservations, as if even Celestial Kings were really below his notice.

Ling Han’s expression darkened. Hong Huang’s actions had exceeded his expectations. Why did this guy dare to be so arrogant?

“First Secret?” he asked menacingly.

Just because he was a cultivation level higher than him, he could be so overbearing? F***, did he think that Ling Han would not break through as well?

“Hong Huang, is it so fun to bully a rookie, someone whose cultivation level is lower like this?” Another voice rang out calmly.

“Shi Chanzi, you dare interfere in my matters?” Hong Huang’s voice raised a notch, his dominance blazing even hotter.

This second person was actually Shi Chanzi of the four great supreme monarch tiers. It was no wonder that he could stand off against Hong Huang.

“Hehe.” Shi Chanzi merely laughed calmly. “I just can’t bear to see it. If you want a fight, then I would not mind turning into a Battle Buddha to spar with you.”

“The winner of the last batter was not decided, so we should come to a conclusion this time,” Hong Huang declared boomingly. “Come fight!”

Xiu, a bright golden figure suddenly soared into the skies, and another figure shot into the air in quick succession.?Boom, dazzling light burst on the horizon immediately. There was clearly an endless distance, yet they could still see it clearly.

The two great supreme monarch tiers had already begun their battle.

Ling Han was surprised. Why had Shi Chanzi stepped out for him? Could it be that he, too, wanted to recruit him?

No one knew exactly who had won in the battle of Hong Huang and Shi Chanzi, but Hong Huang made no further mention of telling Ling Han to become an odd jobs worker in the Huang Alliance, which showed that he had not defeated Shi Chanzi, at least.

However, Shi Chanzi actually paid no further regard to Ling Han as well, which was quite surprising for Ling Han.

After waiting another three days, Ling Han decided to pay a visit to this Shi Chanzi, and see what kind of character he actually was.

He went alone, and arrived in front of the abode that Shi Chanzi was residing in.

The doors to Shi Chanzi’s abode were wide open, and a good-natured looking young man stood at the side of the doorway. When he saw Ling Han approach, he bowed slightly, and said, “So Young Master Han has arrived. Lord Buddha Son has waited a long time. Please enter.”

What did he have up his sleeve?

Ling Han strode into the abode. This was a completely different world. It had used a secret technique of Space. From the outside, it did not look very large, but it was not the slightest bit small on the inside.

There were lotus flowers planted all around the abode. Some were ordinary, and there were also Five-Leaf Silver Lotus, Nine-Leaf Golden Lotus, 18-Leaf Purple Lotus, and so on. Fragrance wafted from the lotus flowers, spreading far.

When he walked deeper into the abode, there was a pure white lotus in a lake. The flower was about three meters in size, and in the center, a bald monk was seated, dressed in golden Buddhist robes.

Ling Han glanced at him, and suddenly felt as if his soul had been sucked out of his body, sinking into an indescribable darkness.

He was shocked, and hurriedly guarded his spirit and heart, and only then did he manage to pull his soul back.

Shi Chanzi, one of the four great supreme monarch tiers. This guy was really too extraordinary.

“You would like to ask why I helped you?” Ling Han had not spoken yet, and the monk was the first to speak.

Ling Han nodded, and asked, “Why?”

There was absolutely no relation between them, so how could there be such kindness without any reason? Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Shi Chanzi smiled slightly. “Can’t it be that I intervened because I saw an injustice?”

Ling Han smiled as well, and said, “Though there is that possibility, I still think that there is a deeper reason.”

Shi Chanzi looked at Ling Han for a while, and then said, “That’s right. Someone asked me to move, and give you a hand.”

“Who?” Ling Han asked.

“That person told me not to reveal their name, so I am sorry.” Shi Chanzi bowed slightly.

Ling Han was curious. Though there were many people that were willing to help him, who had so much weight that they could ask Shi Chanzi to move? He truly could not think of who it could be. As he thought this, he said, “No matter the case, I still have to thank you for your help.”

Shi Chanzi smiled, and said, “However, helping you with this, I have indeed paid a heavy price.” He did not avoid the issue, and pulled apart the front of his Buddhist robes, and there was a shocking palm print on his chest.

“Hong Huang’s Heaven and Earth Domineering Fists has reached Great Accomplishment,” he said as he pulled his Buddhist robes back. “This person comes from the Sealed Emotion Palace, and is indeed not to be underestimated.”

The Sealed Emotion Palace!

Ling Han’s heart shuddered, and a few of his doubts had instantly been resolved.

Why was Hu Yan willing to listen to Hong Huang’s lead? That was because the Imperial Void Sect itself was subordinate to the Sealed Emotion Heavenly Venerable. And why did Hong Huang dare to be so arrogant? That was because a Heavenly Venerate was backing him up, and even the Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings did not dare to interfere with his affairs overly much.

Shi Chanzi dared to move, not because he was braver than the Celestial Kings, but because if it was he that interfered, there was no possibility it would cause a Heavenly Venerate to move in retaliation.

…In a battle of equals, to say nothing of a supreme existence like a Heavenly Venerate, even Celestial Kings would not be interfering. Otherwise, this kind of disciple would really be too weak, so what was the point of taking him as a disciple?

“This is a Time Immemorial Pill, which is slightly beneficial for healing wounds,” Ling Han said, then with a toss of his hand, he threw a pill bottle at Shi Chanzi.

Shi Chanzi grabbed it, and couldn’t help but be shocked. He exclaimed, “This is an excellent grade of healing pill among Three-Star alchemical pills. I never thought you would actually possess such a treasure! Yi, it is actually a Seventh Refinement at that!”

This time, he was really stunned..