Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2216: Thousand Year Dream Pill

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Liu Jun almost fell to his knees.

Even if Ling Han was a prodigy 10,000 times more freakish than Ji Wuming, Liu Jun would only shrug and say ‘how awesome,’ and that was it.

Yet now he wanted to worship Ling Han, and revere him as a god.

Too strong. There was actually such an alchemy prodigy that overwhelmed him not just by a large amount, but was even completely qualified to become his master.

He was an alchemy prodigy, and thus only even stronger alchemy prodigies could make him submit. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

“Han, Young Master Han!” he looked up at Ling Han, his eyes filled with admiration.

“What young master, go and concoct more alchemical pills. If you still can’t raise your success rate to 60% after I break through to Eighth Refinement, I’ll beat you up.” Ling Han glared at him.

“I’ll definitely try my best!” Liu Jun declared, clapping his chest, the respect in his eyes even more intense.

Eighth Refinement!

He was only at Fourth Refinement, and Ling Han was already beginning to break through to Eighth Refinement; a step further from Eighth Refinement would mean that Ling Han would advance to become a Five-Star Alchemist.

Even in the Western Celestial Realm, there were not many Five-Star Alchemists!

He was suddenly very motivated, and even had the idea of wanting to follow Ling Han’s lead. This kind of prodigy wsa really too rare. If he could follow him, not only would it be an honor, he would also gain innumerable benefits.

Ling Han did not take it to heart. He also walked to the sidelines, and began his own pill concoction.

Spirit Refinement was unrelated to the grade of alchemical pill, so Ling Han chose a One-Star alchemical pill, and then proceeded to execute Spirit Refinement.

It could be predicted that Eighth Refinement would result in failure after failure after failure. There would definitely be an innumerable amount of alchemical pills that would go to waste. Thus, wouldn’t using higher-grade alchemical pills for Spirit Refinement be a great waste?

Ling Han worked hard inside the Black Tower, and occasionally would come out as well, handling the alchemical pills that Liu Jun had concocted over to the Empress and the others so that they could take them to the pharmacy for sale in exchange for some monetary wealth.

This was actually not enough for his extravagance, because his rate of Spirit Refinement was really too fast. Even if only One-Star alchemical pills were wasted, it couldn’t hold up with his kind of speed.

It could be imagined just how difficult it was to achieve Eighth Refinement, or even become a Five-Star Alchemist, when even a Four-Star Grandmaster, a Seventh Refinement elite like himself would cause so much expenditure.

Sometimes, it was not natural talent that was inadequate, but rather being embarrassingly short of money, and even great Celestial King Tier forces could not put up with such waste.

Thankfully, Ling Han had robbed Liu Jun of all his wealth previously, and added with his own considerable savings, it just barely managed to support his extravagance. If he really didn’t have money, he would also concoct some Four-Star alchemical pills to relieve some of the pressure.

Time passed quickly, and in the blink of an eye, 10 years had passed in the outside world.

Liu Jun had already advanced successfully into Fifth Refinement with Ling Han’s guidance, and had also successfully become a Four-Star Grandmaster himself.

In terms of time in the Black Tower, 1,000,000 years had already passed, long exceeding the slavery period that Liu Jun had signed in his contract, but now that this guy had tasted the fruits of success, he made absolutely no mention of leaving, and merely concocted alchemical pills in silence.

He could tell now. Ling Han had absolutely no thought of keeping his secrets to himself. As long as he seriously concocted alchemical pills, the former would give him some guidance—it was not that Ling Han treasured his talent, but rather treasured profit, and wanted to earn more.

Liu Jun did not have the slightest disagreement about this. He, too, wanted to help Ling Han earn more, because this meant that his strength in alchemy would continue to improve.

And after this 1,000,000 years, Ling Han had finally touched the threshold of Eighth Refinement.

“How difficult. 1,000,000 years have already passed, and I have just barely touched the threshold.” Ling Han was very rueful.

If these words were heard by Grandmaster Zi Cheng, he would definitely slap Ling Han’s face.

It should be known how many years Grandmaster Zi Cheng had been living for, and how long he had stagnated on the level of Seventh Refinement—just how many millions and millions of years was that? It was more than hundreds of millions of years, yet still there was no sign of breakthrough at all. You just spent 1,000,000 years, and you were complaining?

Furthermore, this was time inside the Black Tower. In the outside world, only 10 years had passed.

10 years!

“I have the confidence I will be able to succeed within 10 times.” Ling Han’s eyes shone brightly, filled with confidence.

He continued to concoct alchemical pills—once, twice, thrice… and by the seventh time, the alchemical pill in his hand did not explode, but instead the eightfold golden veined pattern appeared.

Eighth Refinement.

Success!

Ling Han faltered at first, and then burst out laughing. 1,000,000 years, just how long a period of time was that?

He did not stop, but rather continued into Spirit Refinement, consolidating his strength.

At the beginning, his success rate was naturally low, less than 10%, but it was soon raised to 20%, 30%… 50%, 70%, 90%!

Yet still he could not attain 100% success rate, as if there was a mysterious power influencing his success rate in the heaven and earth, forbidding him from being so heaven-defying.

“Even the moon has its phases, and some things in the world cannot be perfect. Is that the logic?” Ling Han mumbled to himself.

90% was quite sufficient.

“Small Tower, the pill formula of that alchemical pill?” Ling Han asked.

Thankfully, Small Tower knew this pill recipe. Otherwise, if he had to go to some ancient site and try his luck, Ling Han would definitely go crazy.

He began pill concoction.

This was a Four-Star alchemical pill, and the concoction process was extremely complicated. Even Ling Han was slightly dazed at the beginning, and after failing for at least a dozen times, he finally found some ideas, gained some experience, and then progressed slowly.

Another several thousand years passed, and Ling Han had finally successfully concocted the first cauldron of alchemical pills.

“This is the Thousand Year Dream Pill, and it has never been seen on any alchemy scroll,” Ling Han mumbled to himself, while his hand bore a radiant and vibrantly colorful pill that developed into the changes of age.

“It must reach perfection grade, and added with Eighth Refinement, to be able to open the corridor of time, send your soul inside the blending point of past, present, and future. That is where the Time Mystery Realm is located,” Small Tower said.

Ling Han nodded, and continued concocting alchemical pills.

Fortunately, not only was he a Four-Star Grandmaster, he was also the Alchemy Emperor at that. After succeeding once, he would not fail any further. After every pill completion, the quality of the alchemical pill would be greatly improved.

1,000 years had passed, and the Thousand Year Dream Pill he had concocted finally reached perfect grade.

He began Spirit Refinement.

That was much easier to do. His success rate of 90% allowed him to concoct five Thousand Year Dream Pills after failing once.

One was for himself, one for the Empress, one for Hu Niu, one for the Rain Emperor, and the last was for Bewitching Maiden Rou. She, too, was about to break through to the Immortal Palace Tier.

If she could construct 11 Mystery Realms, Bewitching Maiden Rou might not be able to become a monarch tier, but it would definitely shrink down the distance she had separating her from a monarch tier.

Coincidentally, the Rain Emperor had also cultivated Dividing Soul Tier to consummate level, and could break through to the Immortal Palace Tier.

The five of them entered into the Black Tower. When breaking through to the Immortal Palace Tier, it was naturally the safest to do so in the Black Tower. Otherwise, even if they stayed in their abode, it could still be destroyed. After one such experience, Ling Han naturally did not want to take any more risks.

Speaking of Hong Huang, all five of them were extremely furious and frustrated. When they broke through to the Immortal Palace Tier, they would definitely beat up this bastard.

The five of them simultaneously took out a Thousand Year Dream Pill, and then swallowed it.

In only a short while, the alchemical pill took effect. This was a Four-Star alchemical pill, and had great power. Without the slightest trouble, it swept all five of their spirits out of their minds. Then, with a tremble, they began to speed up in flight.

With a thought from Ling Han,?xiu, the Black Tower opened slightly, and their spirits flew out.

In the space inside the Black Tower, there was no way for them to transmigrate through the flow of time.

“Yi?” When their spirits appeared, a few mighty figures in the academy immediately exclaimed in surprise.

The flow of time had been disturbed.