Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2221: Front lines

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Ling Han took a few steps forwards, and then bowed to pay his respects, saying, “Greetings, Eternity Celestial King.”

“No need for excessive politeness.” The Eternity Celestial King turned around, but all Ling Han could see was an empty void. It was as if this person did not even exist in this plane of existence, which was incredibly bizarre.

When the Eternity Celestial King saw this, he merely smiled calmly, and said, “This is only a sliver of thought that I have left in this place. My real self is still at the connecting point of the Two Realms, embroiled in battle with the Foreign Realm.” He paused, and then continued, “You do not have to ask too many questions; you merely have to listen to me speak.

“At present, a situation has arisen in the connecting point of the two Realms. A neutral zone has actually appeared, and whether it is our Celestial Realm or the Foreign Realm, we are unable to draw on the Regulations of heaven and earth there. We can only use the power and Regulations that are stored up in our bodies in battle.

“Now, this neutral zone still has restrictions on cultivation level. Only those in Ascending Origin Tier and below may pass through. Those of the Celestial King Tier can only stand outside and watch.

“Some days ago, the Foreign Realm provoked us, asking for a battle between the younger generation of both sides. Us old folks gave it some thought, and thought that we should also allow the youths of this generation to train themselves, and be aware of how strong and fearful the Foreign Realm can be. Thus, we agreed.

“Your ways are quite impressive, and we haven’t found you in these few days… never mind, every person has their own secrets, and I have no intentions of pursuing the matter, either.

“Since you have come out of seclusion, and have also broken through to the Immortal Palace Tier at that, then go there and make your own contributions on behalf of our Celestial Realm.”

If Ling Han had not known about the storm of darkness previously, he would definitely have been completely puzzled. Yet now that he was clear about what the Eternity Celestial King was talking about, he also knew that a change had taken place in the war between the two Realms.

A neutral zone had actually appeared at the connecting point?

If this zone widened continuously, and could allow even stronger people to enter, wouldn’t the Celestial Realm be in trouble?

Ling Han thus thought, and quickly replied, “This junior is willing to do what I can for the Celestial Realm.”

“All right, go on then.” The Eternity Celestial King waved him off. “Your identity letter can open the Transfer Formation. At present, the only Transfer Formation is near the connecting point of the two Realms… Hehe, looks like you already know about the storm of darkness.”

“Yes, I do,” Ling Han replied, bowing.

The Eternity Celestial King nodded, and took a second look at Ling Han. “Brat, you are really quite determined to actually surrender nine Source Powers of heaven and earth. If it had been myself of the past, would I have had that kind of courage?” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

His expression was slightly dazed. Clearly, he could not decide at this moment.

It should be known that Celestial Kings were incredibly resolute, yet now he was actually hesitating, which showed how Ling Han willing to give up the nine Source Powers of heaven and earth was such a great decisive feat.

“Hahahaha!” The Eternity Celestial King suddenly laughed loudly, his eyes shining brightly. “The fact that I would hesitate so long is already clearly telling of the problem. Young man, I am very optimistic about you. Come to the connecting point of the two Realms. I want to see you with my own eyes, help you quickly raise your cultivation level, and who knows, you may create the future.

“Go on.”

Ling Han bowed respectfully, and then retreated out of the house.

He thought for a moment. In any case, the Rain Emperor and the others would be advancing to the Time Mystery Realm in spirit form, so it could be done anywhere. Hence, he did not return, and just brought Ling Huo and the others towards the Transference Portal.

After showing their identity letters, the 11 of them entered into the Transfer Formation. A mysterious and majestic power surged over them, and they arrived in a new location.

This was a desolate plain, and there were corpses everywhere. However, their shapes were strange, and they were burning in flames.

Ling Han looked closely. Those were not the Regulations of Fire, but rather Dao Flames.

When a person died, their Dao would be extinguished, but there were some beings that were too strong, and even though their spirits had died, their bodies were still present. However, the heaven and earth would not allow beings that were too strong to remain in the world, and would use the Dao Flames of heaven and earth to burn the corpses of these elites completely.

That was the case now. The heaven and earth was refining the remains of such elites.

“These are the corpses of elites of the Foreign Realm.” Beside the Transfer Formation, an elder was seated. His face was completely covered with wrinkles, and was average-looking. He did not show the slightest sign of a powerful aura.

Ling Han glanced at him, yet a boundless chill rose up suddenly within him. He felt that this elder could easily turn him into nothing with just a mere thought.

“Young man, your destination is the stronghold at the end of the desolate plain,” the elder said. “We have built a stronghold at the border of the Celestial Realm, and laid down a super great formation to resist the invasion of the Foreign Realm. However, occasionally, some strong beings would still be able to sneak over, and this desolate plain has become a second battlefield.”

Ling Han could only nod in response. This elder had to be a Celestial King, and probably a higher-level Celestial King at that. Otherwise, he would not have been qualified to stand guard here. He would have been easily killed.

He surveyed the surroundings curiously. This was the second battlefield in the war between the Celestial Realm and Foreign Realm, and it was also the last line of defense. If the Foreign Realm’s invasion reached this place, they would be able to penetrate deep, and enter into the vast Celestial Realm.

Clearly, this line of defense was not as firm as a mountain, because the internal area of the Celestial Realm had already been corroded by the Foreign Realm by a great portion. This was also understandable as it would be difficult to stay on defense constantly.

“Senior, we juniors will take our leave then.” Ling Han clasped his hands towards the elder in farewell. Then, he strode forwards, and began the transmigration to the desolate plains.

After they stepped into the desolate plains, Ling Han immediately discovered a terrifying aura surging towards them. It turned into ugly, evil spirits, wanting to corrode his soul.

His spirit did not waver, and he merely strode forwards.

…Since that elder allowed him to pass, it meant that there was definitely no danger here.

As expected, these evil spirits only came towards him, yet could not take a step further. It was as if there was an invisible barrier that was protecting Ling Han.

Ling Huo and the others were the same as well. They were all manifested from the Source Powers of heaven and earth, and had experienced who knew how many changes through the ages, so it was natural that they could not possibly be easily scared.

There were corpses scattered all around the desolate plain. Because this was far behind the front lines of the Celestial Realm, it was natural that the corpses of elites from the Celestial Realm could not be seen here. They definitely had to have been dealt with properly. The remains here were all from the elites of the Foreign Realm, and they were basically divided into two categories.

One type was human form, yet had the hooves of a bull as their feet, horns growing from their foreheads, and a tail at their bottoms. The other type was the form of insects, with six legs, double wings, and there were even inverted spikes on their legs, exuding a cold light.

These two forms… were both very familiar.

Ling Han had previously seen the so-called Deity on the island, and their image was a human with horns and a tail. Furthermore, in a Mystery Realm, he had also seen the severed limb of a Heavenly Venerate from the Foreign Realm, and it was an insect leg that had inverted spikes.

He had a guess in mind, and that was that this human form with horns and a tail was the corresponding humans of the Foreign Realm, while the insect forms should be corresponding to wild beasts.

They were indeed two completely different worlds.

Ling Han mused ruefully as he strode forwards.

There was no danger in the desolate plains. Though there were many corpses of elites from the Foreign Realm, they were being burnt by the Dao Flames of heaven and earth, and no longer had their vicious might. They could not possibly pose any further threat to Ling Han and the others.

However, it was incredibly hard to walk here, such that even their foreheads had broken out in sweat, and every step further was a challenge.

After about three months, a majestic, great city finally appeared ahead of them.

The cities in the Celestial Realm were all as huge as planets, and this one was one of the most well-known. Its colossal size was indescribable, and it was entirely afloat in the air, with multiple streaks of starlight descending, appearing extremely magnificent.

This was the first line of confrontation between the Foreign Realm and the Celestial Realm.