Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2225: Neutral Zone

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Ling Han cultivated inside the Black Tower, and the Empress and the others continued to ingest the Thousand Year Dream Pills and attempt to break through to the Immortal Palace Tier.

There was no concept of time inside the Time Mystery Realm, and the Black Tower had 10,000 times acceleration effects. Hence, only a single day had passed in the outside world, but the Empress and the others could attempt to break through to the Immortal Palace Tier several times.

The prerequisite was that there were enough Thousand Year Dream Pills.

Three days later, Hu Niu was the first to break through, and the Empress also broke through in quick succession a while after her. Then, another day passed, and the Rain Emperor had also successfully broken through to the Immortal Palace Tier—the Rain Emperor had been slower because a Dividing Nine Souls breaking through to the Immortal Palace Tier was clearly more difficult.

Another two days later, Bewitching Maiden Rou finally broke through to the Immortal Palace Tier.

And at this time, Nie Heshan had also issued a command. The 17th camp would be mobilizing fully, and entering into the neutral zone for practice.

…In this neutral zone, the Regulations of the two Realms had clashed fiercely, ripping apart the earth, and turning the world upside down. Regulations had turned into shards, and a great many monsters had also come into existence.

They did not belong to the Celestial Realm, nor the Foreign Realm, and were independent of the world.

The Rain Emperor and the others also reported, and had all been taken into the 17th camp of Unit D, led by Nie Heshan.

In this camp, aside from the outstanding students of Saintly Origin Academy, there was also the younger generation of natives of Clear Heaven Pass, and they had formed a group.

…There were many other such groups, and their goal was to improve everyone’s cultivation level as quickly as possible through the cruelties of battle.

There were a total of 214 people in the 17th camp, and 10-12 people would make up a small team, and every team would have a team leader.

Because Ling Han and his group had come late, they were split apart and distributed among these 20 teams, so they were not together. Though they had requested to be placed together, Nie Heshan had not agreed, so they could only settle for this arrangement temporarily.

With Nie Heshan leading, they exited the Clear Heaven Pass, and entered into that neutral zone.

After walking for half a day, Nie Heshan had the 20 team leaders lead their teams and move freely.

The team leader of Ling Han’s team was Shen Chao, a native of Clear Heaven Pass. His cultivation level had reached the Fifth Secret Immortal Palace Tier, and he was a monarch tier at that, which was very extraordinary.

Though Clear Heaven Pass looked barren and inhospitable, with poor conditions, the military and harsh environment had produced countless prodigies, and Shen Chao was only one of them. He could not be considered one of the highest tier of prodigies.

Like Li Hongfei and the others, Shen Chao did not particularly have positive feelings towards disciples of Saintly Origin Academy. The gaze he swept over them carried a powerful disdain, and he treated the five disciples of Saintly Origin Academy in his team with great contempt.

“Young Master Han!” The four other students of Saintly Origin Academy naturally recognized Ling Han, and greeted him respectively.

The four of them were all at the Dividing Soul Tier, and it just so happened that there was one at Heaven Soul, Earth Soul, Yin Soul, and Yang Soul, respectively. They should have been deliberately arranged in this manner.

Ling Han nodded, and surveyed his surroundings.

They had already entered into a valley. One side of the valley wall had a crack that was as wide as nine meters, and if he gazed within, its depths were unfathomable, and he could not see the bottom at all. And if he released his divine sense within, it would be like a mud bull sinking into the ocean, instantly disappearing.

This space had been warped and destroyed, and it was no ordinary void, either, but rather one formed through the collision of two words. No one knew exactly what the situation was inside.

Perhaps only a Celestial King could enter and explore, but this place was suppressed by the heaven and earth of the two Realms. Even an Ascending Origin Tier could not enter, and it was even more impossible for a Celestial King. If they barged in forcefully, it would only cause themselves to shatter.

This zone had not appeared a very long time ago. What Ling Han and his group were to do was, firstly, to train themselves, and secondly, to draw out a map of this place.

In the future, this would be the great battlefield in the war between the two Realms, and they had to get a clear grasp of the situation here.

Of course, someone had to have already investigated the situation here, and confirmed the level of danger here. Otherwise, they would not have been allowed to recklessly enter this place.

Shen Chao split the team into four groups, with two to three people in each group. Then, he had them move separately to observe the terrain, and draw the map.

There were a total of three people in Ling Han’s small group. Aside from him, the other two were both students of the Saintly Origin Academy. One was called Lu Zhen, and the other was called Mei Hua, and they were a Yin Soul and Earth Soul, respectively, so it was natural that they looked to him for leadership.

They had been delegated to the western parts of the valley. The environment here was utterly terrible and the path very craggy and rugged, covered with sharp rocks that were like blades, and were capable of easily piercing through the soles of their feet.

Because there were no Regulations of the Celestial Realm here, they naturally were not able to fly.

It was not impossible for them to fly by force, but it would expend the Regulations locked within their bodies, but who knew what kind of dangers there were in this place. Once the Regulations were exhausted, their strength would be dropping to the Genesis Tier.

Yet Ling Han did not have such reservations, because he had the Black Tower.

Even if the Black Tower was a Heavenly Venerate precious treasure, it could not form Regulations, either. However, it could absorb a great amount of Regulations and accumulate them, and the volume far surpassed the amount that could be locked within Ling Han’s own body—if it had to be compared, that would be equivalent to the amount that one or even several Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings could store up.

This meant that Ling Han could use Regulations without reservations. No matter how much an Immortal Palace Tier used Regulations, how long would they have to use Regulations to be able to exhaust a Ninth Heaven Celestial King?

It was practically impossible.

He naturally would not be bringing up this kind of thing. This was his trump card. In the future, if anyone wanted to fight him one after another in hopes of exhausting his energy, that would be basically pointless effort. Instead, it would allow him to find weaknesses, and gain victory.

They all used Regulations to safeguard themselves, so their bodies were slightly afloat to avoid being wounded by the sharp rocks, and this was not too exhausting of the Regulations, either.

Weng, a strange creature suddenly appeared. Its upper body was human, but its lower body was like a fierce tiger. Its whole body exuded a crystalline luster, was capable of absorbing light, and had a powerful ability of invisibility.

Thus, Ling Han and his group were all slightly taken off guard when it appeared.

It pounced towards Ling Han and the others, its hands flourishing.?Boom, it created a powerful wave.

It wasn’t that there were no Regulations in this place, just that the Regulations here could not be used by the cultivators of the two Realms. However, the creatures that were born here were not limited by this restriction. As it launched its attack, there were many afterimages.

Lu Zhen exclaimed lightly, and took the initiative to greet the incoming blow.

Peng, peng, peng.?They were immediately fighting intensely.

At first, Ling Han was unconcerned as this creature’s battle prowess was only around Earth Soul, but he soon became intrigued because the Regulations that this creature used were extremely strange.

They did not belong to the Celestial Realm, but were not part of the Foreign Realm, either—after the two worlds had collided, two types of Regulations also clashed, creating a great change.

In other words, this was a small world that was independent of both the Celestial Realm and the Foreign Realm.

However, the overall level of Regulations here was too low, and had suppressed the cultivation levels of the beings here. For example, only Immortal Palace Tiers could enter this space, which meant that the upper limit of the Regulations here was also the Immortal Palace Tier.

However, this world had just been formed, and the Regulations still had a great space for growth. Its limits could still be further raised, and perhaps could reach the level of Ascending Origin Tier, or even Celestial King Tier. Aall 𝒏𝒆west ch𝒂pt𝒆rs on n.o./v𝒆l𝒃i/n/(.)c𝒐m

‘Interesting,’ Ling Han thought, and an idea came to him. If he could comprehend the Regulations here, then wouldn’t it mean that he would also be able to comprehend the Regulations of the Foreign Realm after he went there?

This place was formed by the collision of two Realms, and that was the same for Regulations as well. It had the Regulations of the Celestial Realm as well as the Regulations of the Foreign Realm.. If Ling Han couldn’t even comprehend the Regulations here, how would he be able to comprehend the Regulations of the Foreign Realm then?