Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2228: Battle

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Shen Chao was really very strong. Every casual movement from him was lethal, possessing astonishingly strong might.

A Fifth Secret monarch tier was really too powerful.

If Ling Han had chosen to clash with Shen Chao head-on, he would’ve probably been severely injured and killed with a few strikes. However, he had once possessed nine Source Powers of heaven and earth, and the first Mystery Realm that he had cultivated had been tempered with the power of Time. Thus, his battle prowess far surpassed his cultivation level.

At the very least, he was indeed numbingly powerful in terms of evasion and flight.

Void Space was used, and he formed countless manifestations, and even when Shen Chao used a wide-range lethal technique, destroying the entire Void Space in a single stroke, he still had the Regulations of Time!

He slowed down the attacks that came towards him by 10,000 times, and then calmly escaped, completely at ease.

Even Shen Chao had to admit that he was impressed by Ling Han’s abilities, but this only made his pride even more intense. He shot out blow after blow, determined to take Ling Han down.

“I never thought that you are actually a Monarch Star!” he said. “However, even as a Monarch Star, you have only come now. You have no view of the greater picture here. Even if such a Monarch Star became a Ninth Heaven Celestial King, so what? You would only surrender when you encounter danger!”

His expression was menacing. “Rather than having you turn around and cause harm to the Celestial Realm, it would be better to kill you here!”

His killing intent blazed, and his attacks became harsher. This time, he was really aiming to take Ling Han’s life.

Ling Han’s expression was cold. Perhaps, Shen Chao’s intentions were really for the sake of the Celestial Realm, but what did this have to do with him? ‘You want to kill me, so don’t tell me that I have to welcome it with a smile?’

He merely channeled the Regulations of Time and Space, continuing to evade Shen Chao’s attacks.

The Regulations of Space were already very mysterious, and the Regulations of Time were superior to all other Regulations. The use thereof was extremely simple, and that was slowing down or speeding up the flow of time in a small capacity, or even freezing time.

Though there were only three effects, each was extremely powerful in battle. If it could affect everything, Ling Han could kill even a Celestial King.

Shen Chao had also begun to greatly exhaust his energy. In any case, his cultivation level was higher than Ling Han’s, and the Regulations locked up in his body were definitely greater in amount than Ling Han. In that case, he only had to expend at a slightly slower rate than Ling Han, and it would definitely be Ling Han that would be completely exhausted of his Regulations.

This thought was very logical, but he would never have predicted that Ling Han still had a treasure like the Black Tower, so his power of Regulation was endless.

The two of them fought fiercely, but it was Shen Chao that was attacking on Ling Han, while Ling Han was endlessly evading.

As time passed, more and more people returned. Seeing Ling Han battling fiercely with Shen Chao, they all stopped and watched while asking what was going on.

Lu Zhen and Mei Hua related the happenings. The natives would all look disdainful, and thought that Ling Han should indeed be taught a lesson, while the other two disciples of the Saintly Origin Academy were secretly cheering Ling Han on. Because they were overwhelmed in numbers, they did not dare to voice their encouragement.

However, the circumstances could not be any more clearer. How was a First Secret supposed to match a Fifth Secret? What more when this Fifth Secret was a monarch tier at that!

If it were not for the fact that he could not replenish his Regulations here, which affected Shen Chao’s performance, he would have long since won.

Even so, Ling Han was still sustaining injuries continuously. Celestial blood scattered, and landed on the mountain rock, turning the variety of rocks into dust.

Of course, this was a deliberate move from Ling Han. If Shen Chao was not given a bit of the sweet taste of victory, why would he continue to battle?

Another hour later, everyone had returned to their starting point, and saw the fierce battle between Ling Han and Shen Chao.

At this time, Shen Chao was also slightly anxious.

They had already battled for so long, yet he still had not managed to take Ling Han down or completely exhaust Ling Han’s energy. Though the latter was covered with injuries, and it seemed like he would collapse at the next blow, he always seemed to miraculously continue.

Instead, the Regulations in his body were decreasing further and further.

Though he had cultivated five human body Mystery Realms, and the Regulations that he could lock up in his body were astonishingly great in amount, there would definitely come an eventual end when there was only output and no input.

By now, he was close to arriving at this end.

“Everlasting World, Strike of the Big Dipper!” he shouted loudly. After storing up energy for a long time, he blasted out a powerful attack.

Suddenly, the skies were completely filled with golden blades that were formed from Origin Power. Regulations of Metal entwined around them, and they swept out madly towards Ling Han.

The range of this strike was extraordinarily wide, enshrouding the Void Space that Ling Han had unfolded completely, and Shen Chao was also boosting it with a great amount of Regulations of Metal, without thought of the costs. He was determined to break through the lockdown of Ling Han’s Regulations of Time, and deliver a supremely powerful blow.

Ling Han chuckled, and took the initiative to channel the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll.

Xiu, xiu, xiu.?Endless golden blades descended, practically stabbing into the entirety of the whole valley.

Everyone was astonished. When this blow fell, was there any possibility that Ling Han would still be alive?

The Regulations here were incompatible with the Celestial Realm. Thus, the golden blades formed by the Regulations soon crumbled and vanished, but dust was still blown around the area, scraps of rock shooting out. The might of this attack was really too powerful.

However, after the dust cleared, everyone showed expressions of shock.

That was because Ling Han was still standing firmly. Though there were traces of blood on him, the aura he exuded was incredibly dominant, and there was a boundless rage boiling.

A strange feeling rose up in everyone’s hearts, making them feel an urge of wanting to kneel down, and worship Ling Han.

Ling Han opened his eyes. There was blood at the corners of his eyes, yet it did not affect his domineering air in the slightest. Instead, it made his gaze become even harsher and firmer. He looked at Shen Chao, his fighting spirit soaring into a song that crackled loudly. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Even if Shen Chao was a monarch tier, so what? Faced with this kind of Ling Han, his heart was also beginning to chill.

And what was worse? There had already been less of his power of Regulation in the first place, and now, after unleashing such a powerful move, the power of Regulation in his body was already close to empty, and his battle prowess would definitely be severely discounted.

More importantly, how had Ling Han been able to sustain that strike from him? Furthermore, was his body a bottomless pit, actually having been able to lock up so much power of Regulations?

“It’s my turn now!” Ling Han spat out each word one by one.?Xiu, he took a step, and his body immediately sped up. Instantly, he appeared in front of Shen Chao, shooting out a powerful punch.

“Humph!” Shen Chao was unafraid. Even if his battle prowess had declined greatly, he was still superior to Ling Han.

Previously, Ling Han had been able to contend with him, not because he was all that powerful, but rather because he was constantly dodging, and now he was confronting him forcefully. Wasn’t that just courting death?

Thinking that his Regulations were close to exhaustion, he thought that he could turn his defeat around into a victory?

Too naive!

The two people clashed furiously.?Peng! Peng! Peng!?As expected, it was still Shen Chao that was stronger. Ling Han would be throwing up blood with every blow, but he merely channeled the Regulations of Wood of the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll, and his injuries would be rapidly recovering.

However, Shen Chao was too strong, so strong that his rate of recovery was completely unable to keep up. Very soon, he was battered all over, exposing eerily white bones.

However, Ling Han merely channeled a drop of Indestructible True Fluid, and his body immediately recovered to its prime condition.

He looked at Shen Chao coldly. He only felt a soaring fighting spirit, without the slightest bit of emotion.

This time, Shen Chao was really scared.

‘Are you a f***** undead monster?

‘Having sustained such serious injuries, you can still manage to remain standing, and can actually unleash such wild fighting spirit at that. What can you be if not a monster?’

Ling Han did not speak.?Xiu, he attacked once more, and his fists launched a fierce barrage, using the Fists of Fury.

This time, he was really mad with fury, and had entered completely into the Intent Realm of Fists of Fury. Images of his fists filled the skies.

Fight, fight, fight, ight, fight.. He would fight until he pierced open the skies, destroyed the earth, and fought to his heart’s content.