Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2231: Still outmatched

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Shen Chao was a Fifth Secret monarch tier, and his strength definitely surpassed, or even overwhelmed, Ling Han’s. This was publicly acknowledged.

Previously, he had been no match for Ling Han, but that was because he had been restricted by the environment. He could not get any replenishment of power of Regulation within the neutral zone, but Ling Han was extremely freakish. The Regulations locked in his body seemed endless, and this had led to Shen Chao’s terrible defeat.

But this was the soldiers’ camp in the territory of the Celestial Realm. Why had Shen Chao been sent flying with a single strike from Ling Han?

Ling Han withdrew his hand, and stated calmly, “You are still no match for me. How about it? Want another try?” He secretly calmed the throbbing of his chest. He had been able to send Shen Chao flying with a single strike because he had used the Dragon Qi of Dragon Transformation Technique.

Cultivating Dragon Transformation Technique could allow a cultivator to reach the heights of an Immortal Dragon, but what Ling Han valued the most was the subsidiary benefits of Dragon Transformation Technique—he could cultivate Dragon Qi, store up power, and maybe even form an Immortal Dragon when it reached the level of Celestial King Tier.

This allowed him to instantly burst out with 10 times or even 100 times his own strength, and this was what had sent Shen Chao flying with a single blow. But the downside was it could not be maintained for long, and was a technique that belonged completely to the category of expenditure. With Ling Han’s present situation, he would be able to strike four to five times, at most.

And Shen Chao was truly a Fifth Secret monarch tier. This strike had merely sent him backwards, and did not inflict severe injury on him. In fact, it only caused the corners of his lips to bleed slightly.

After all, the gap between their cultivation levels was clear. Being able to send Shen Chao backwards with a head-on strike was already an impressive accomplishment.

Yet Shen Chao did not know this. He only looked at Ling Han with eyes filled with shock and suspicion, both astonished and defiant.

Being outmatched by Ling Han in the neutral zone, he could not say anything. After all, this was not because his battle prowess was inferior. However, he was still outmatched even now. This was a challenge to his self-confidence that he had never experienced before.

He was wavering. What if he battled again, and he was still no match for Ling Han?

Previously, it had only been seen by the members of a team, but now it was an entire camp. The extent of humiliation naturally would be on a completely different level.

“I am not going to believe this!” He spat out each word, his confidence reignited.

Ling Han merely chuckled, and crossed his arms behind his back. A monarch tier would not give up so easily, of course, even if Shen Chao had already been defeated by him once, and had just suffered a slight loss only moments ago.

“Come!” He crooked a finger at him.

Shen Chao concentrated.?Xiu, he suddenly streaked out, his right hand clenched into a fist, which he waved out.?Boom, like a battle dragon rambling through the heavens, it exploded with a terrifying might.

Ling Han did not move or panic. When this attack was close to blasting him, he suddenly shot out a punch.

His stamina had long since soared to the level of the Ascending Origin Tier. Though pure power could not possibly increase his battle prowess too much, the better his stamina, the faster the rate that Ling Han could attack at. Thus, though his attack came later, it was this punch that landed first, coming at an extraordinarily and incredibly fast rate.

Peng!

This punch greeted Shen Chao’s incoming fist. The two fists collided, and an astonishing light instantly burst out. Then, Shen Chao, whose body had been moving forwards, came to an abrupt stop, and bounced backwards at an even faster speed.

“Wa!” Shen Chao dropped onto the ground, and with a slight tremor of his body, he spat out a mouthful of blood, but his vitality was blazing hotly.

Though his internal organs had been shaken, his five organs had already been cultivated into Mystery Realms. A small tremor naturally could not harm him at all. However, his six organs had not been tempered yet, and that was why he had been slightly wounded with the tremor.

For him, this blow could not be considered as even causing any harm at all.

Yet others did not think that way. They were all exclaiming in shock, all of them unable to believe their eyes.

Shen Chao was still no match for Ling Han!

Crazy, this was really crazy. A Fifth Secret monarch tier actually could not match a First Secret?

Ling Han’s expression was calm, and he once again crooked a finger at him, and said, “Hand over the cultivation resources that I should have gotten! Also, those that the four of them should have as well!” He pointed at Mei Hua and the other people who had come from Saintly Origin Academy.

Shen Chao was defiant. Why was he still no match for Ling Han?

He obviously had not sensed that Ling Han had used any precious treasure, and this should be power that belonged solely to Ling Han, but was a Monarch Star really that powerful?

Shen Chao hesitated, and decided to make a final attempt.

He thought that Ling Han had surely used some kind of secret technique which allowed his battle prowess to soar for a short period of time, but it had to have a limited use.

“Ah!” he roared, and slammed towards Ling Han like a primitive beast.

Ling Han humphed, and used Fists of Fury, bursting out with a stronger attack. FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

Peng!

Shen Chao was sent flying for the third time, and crashed heavily into a stone pillar. Then,?peng, peng, peng, he finally stopped after he broke through seven stone pillars in one go. Blood was dripping from the corners of his lips. This time, his injuries were finally slightly serious.

These were still superficial wounds, and did not affect his battle prowess at all, but Shen Chao could not bring himself to attack again.

To have failed three times in succession, wasn’t that enough already?

Furthermore, the aura that Ling Han was presently exuding had not weakened or declined in the slightest, which meant that he still could execute a few more such powerful attacks. Shen Chao truly had no wish to seek his own humiliation further.

He humphed, and then tossed five Spatial God Tools onto the ground. Then, he turned around and left. He truly did not have any further face to stay here any longer.

The area was incredibly silent. Shen Chao was a Fifth Secret monarch tier, and was more or less the top elite in this camp, yet even he had been defeated by Ling Han. In that case, who else could be a match for this outsider?

“Ling Han, no, Han Lin, so awesome!” Hu Niu clapped her hands. She ran over, her arms flung around Ling Han’s neck, hanging from him like she was a big monkey.

Ling Han smiled, and his right hand grabbed at the empty air. The five Spatial God Tools on the ground all fell into his hands. Then, he tossed four of them to Mei Hua and the others.

Seeing this scene, the students of Saintly Origin Academy all looked motivated.

Outside, all of them were prodigies, but after coming here, they were treated with extreme contempt by the locals, yet they indeed were much weaker in cultivation level, and were completely no match for the locals, so they could only lower their heads and behave.

Now, with Ling Han striking out strongly, he had won their pride back, which naturally won their respect as well.

“Han Lin! Han Lin! Han Lin!” It was unknown who was the first to yell out, but very soon, it developed into a tsunami wave of cries.

Ling Han smiled slightly. Actually, there was another member of his alliance in the 17th camp, and that was Cheng Zixin. However, because he had presently altered his appearance and aura, the latter did not have the slightest notion that they were one and the same.

…Hu Niu, the Empress, and the others had also altered their appearance and aura slightly.

“Let’s go.”

He, the Empress, Hu Niu, the Rain Emperor, and Bewitching Maiden Rou set out on their way, heading towards the neutral zone.

After they had exited the camp, Nie Heshan crossed his arms behind his back, looking at their receding backs from the distance.

“Lord Eternity has a high opinion of these few people, yet did not directly recruit them as his subordinates to further nurture them. Instead, he had them enlisted here to be polished further, and even instructed that I am not to interfere. It looks unreasonable, yet is also considered to be showing them more care.

“If that was not the case, as a great Ninth Heaven Celestial King, how could he be so idle?

“Sigh, these little guys are really getting more and more restless. Why is it that they don’t realize that with the sensitivity of the divine sense of Celestial Kings, how could every single thing that happened here possibly deceive them?

“With no sense of propriety, only fighting for favor and pushing out others, how could this kind of person be favored by the Celestial Kings?”

***

Ling Han and his group soon arrived at the outer circle of the neutral zone.

This place was actually very dangerous. It would be the territory of the Foreign Realm after they passed through here, and the Foreign Realm would occasionally circle around the neutral zone to launch attacks against the Celestial Realm.

“This place is equivalent to a newly created heaven and earth.. If our luck is good, we may be able to gain astonishing benefits.”