Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2236: Forcibly enduring the heavenly tribulation

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

No one made another move. It was possible that there was a great Ascending Origin Tier beast hidden here. Once it emerged, it would be capable of insta-killing everyone.

Who would be in the mood for further battle?

If they lost their lives, there would be nothing left.

Yet Ling Han was very steady. Even a Heavenly Venerate could only ignore Regulations, but could not reign supreme over the heaven and earth. This land was newly created, and the Regulations of heaven and earth were still being perfected, and it was the heaven and earth that was strongest.

Perhaps if a Heavenly Venerate came, they could forcibly destroy this heaven and earth. After all, it had just been formed, like a newborn infant. There was no way it could be a match for a Heavenly Venerate. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Thus, it was impossible for the great beast to emerge. The only possibility was that the heaven and earth would crush it.

Hong, long, long, the heaven and earth trembled, and the aura that seeped out was becoming more and more terrifying.

“Run, flee quickly!” Tu Jin hurriedly exclaimed.

Xiu, xiu, xiu.?The nine members of the Tu Clan all activated their power of Regulation without reservations, forcibly streaking through the air, and leaving this damn place as quickly as they could.

…In the outside world, an Ascending Origin Tier was not even worth much, as there were more than enough Celestial Kings in Clear Heaven Pass, but in this place, an Ascending Origin Tier was undoubtedly a supreme overlord. Who would be able to match such an existence?

However, while they fled, there were even more people that had come to investigate after hearing the commotion. After all, a great many Celestial Kings had made predictions that with the new birth of this heaven and earth, there would be astonishingly great fortune emerging.

But those from Clear Heaven Pass naturally knew one another. Especially for those that were involved with Celestial Kings, the nine clansmen of the Tu Clan did not dare to conceal such important intel. Otherwise, if descendants of Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings died here, how would they be able to bear such responsibility?

Hence, as they fled, they called out loudly about a great Ascending Origin Tier creature emerging, and to flee as quickly as possible.

Ascending Origin Tier?

This petrified the rest as well, and they hurriedly fled together.

Hu Niu clapped her hands and laughed loudly at this. This was like a stone that had been thrown and created a thousand ripples. It was a very interesting scene.

The aura that was seeping from beneath the ground was becoming more and more frightening. Even those outside the valley could clearly sense it, and they did not dare approach at all. They turned and fled at the very first chance.

The news of a great beast emerging rapidly spread, and a great many forces all avoided the calamity. However, there were also some people that went against the flow.

For example… Meng Feicheng.

“Master has said that this land could possibly form a Core of heaven and earth. Only when the heaven and earth is newly formed will there be a Core. When the heaven and earth stabilizes, it will slowly disappear. The core of the heaven and earth contains the secret of the origins of a world, and is the mother of Regulations. If one could obtain it… there would be hopes of breaking through to the Heavenly Venerable Tier,” he murmured softly.

“Though this is a world that has been created from the clash of the two Realms, even if the Core of heaven and earth that is created could not possibly compare to the Core when the Celestial Realm was first created, it is ultimately a precious treasure superior to all other Celestial medicines.

“This land is clearly only restricted to the cultivation level of the Immortal Palace Tier, yet a great Ascending Origin Tier creature is about to emerge. This means… that the Core of heaven and earth is very possibly there!”

His eyes glowed brightly, and he moved quickly, becoming faster and faster.

Boom, boom, boom.?Within the valley, the ground was moving like a carpet. It was not something as simple as undulating, but every tremor brought with it a terrifying force.

Peng, Ling Han crushed the ground that was attacking into bits, feeling that his fist was actually slightly aching.

This was merely the aftermath that had been created by the great Ascending Origin Tier beast, but it was actually so powerful. If they faced this great beast directly, then they clearly would be run down in an instant.

“The heaven and earth has restricted the cultivation level, but there is actually a great Ascending Origin Tier beast here. Furthermore, it is still continuously becoming stronger. Would it be the strongest creature of this place?” the Empress suddenly asked.

Ling Han pondered for a moment, nodded, and replied, “Perhaps it is the Source Beast of Source Beasts, the strongest king.”

When the heaven and earth was newly created, the earliest batch of creatures born would all be called Source Beasts. This was the beginning of life. However, other creatures were only in the Immortal Palace Tier and Dividing Soul Tier, and only this one had reached Ascending Origin Tier, so it was naturally extremely special.

“Perhaps its value would surpass all our imagination!”

They had merely wanted the meat and Celestial medicine of this great beast, but from the look of things now, perhaps the value of this great beast far surpassed that level.

Hong, long, long, it was like the ground was being beaten. Every tremor drove straight into the heart. Even if they were Immortal Palace Tiers, so what? They were all pale, feeling like their hearts were about to leap out of their chests, and suffering from indescribable discomfort.

Thankfully, Ling Han and his group were all extremely strong. Even Bewitching Maiden Rou was a pinnacle emperor tier, and she just barely managed to suppress this discomfort.

The aura of that great beast was increasing without limits, and had already touched the upper limit of the Ascending Origin Tier.

It had indeed been doted on by the heaven and earth, with strength that far surpassed other creatures, yet it was still unable to cast off the restrictions of the Regulations, and could only hide underground, and could not emerge. Actually, this was already a back door that had been opened to it, but if it continued to strengthen further like this, even the heaven and earth would not be able to show it more favoritism.

After all, the heaven and earth was unable to directly interfere in worldly affairs, and could only do so through Regulations. However, Regulations were merciless, channeling like the cogs of a wheel, accurate, precise, and completely fair.

When this great beast actually seemed like it would break through to the Celestial King Tier, the Regulations of this land began targeting it harshly.

Dark thunderclouds appeared out of nowhere, but there was no lightning flashing. Instead, boundless flames blazed, but they did not surge. It was like they were accumulating power.

“Not good, run!” Ling Han’s expression changed drastically.

Indeed, the heavenly tribulation would not deal with others besides its target, but if this “others,” in a stroke of great misfortune, happened to be within its coverage, especially when it was standing in the way of descent of the heavenly tribulation, the heavenly tribulation would also erase them without any mercy.

…The great beast was underground, and they were standing aboveground, just right between the heavenly tribulation and the great beast. Wasn’t this just asking for a beating?

The five of them hurriedly broke into a run, all using their utmost efforts.

Boom!

Right at this moment, a fiery red sword light shot down from the clouds, crashing down in the direction of the valley.

This sword light was made up of flames, with countless seals tightly interwoven, exuding an aura that was powerful to the extreme.

Boom, the fiery blade descended. It was like the heavens had moved, and shot out a blade that could obliterate gods and kill deities.

Hong, long, long, the whole valley was instantly destroyed, rocks flying and dancing, shooting out in all directions.

Hong, long, long, Ling Han and his group were all hit by these bits of rock. They were like artillery shells, rapidly flying out of the valley.

They landed heavily on the ground. Ling Han and the others were still fine, but Bewitching Maiden Rou was directly throwing up blood, considerable injuries inflicted on her whole body, and she looked incredibly battered.

Ling Han’s physique was tough, and could still sustain this kind of blow. He gritted his teeth. Their group seemed to have caused too much of a commotion. Now, to say nothing of those in the area, it was probable that the whole neutral zone could see such a shocking scene.

…This heaven and earth had been newly created, and the Regulations were not complete yet. There was no creature that had experienced the heavenly tribulation, yet Ling Han and his group had somehow caused one of them to experience a heavenly tribulation. This was amazing, wasn’t it?

Furthermore, that creature that was enduring the heavenly tribulation was the strongest great beast that could only hide at other times.

The heaven and earth showed its might, wanting to erase this existence that had surpassed the Regulations. Fiery blades descended one after another, frightening without bounds.

Ling Han and his group could only stand by and watch. The whole valley had already turned into an ocean of flames. This was not just a description, but it had really turned into an ocean of flames. The original valley had long since been razed to the ground.

Seals were still flickering within the ocean of fire. That was the strongest Regulation of Fire of this land. Perhaps, it had not reached the Celestial King Tier, but it was close. Otherwise, it would not be qualified to kill that great beast.

“Roar!” Amidst a furious roar, a massive creature leaped out of the fire, howling angrily at the heavens.