Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2252: Consecutive Falls

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Why was it the Foreign Realm invading the Celestial Realm, and not the other way around?

This was because their heaven and earth was superior, and they also had a larger number of elites who possessed a more powerful battle prowess. Thus, they were the invaders.

“However, the essence of the different heaven and earth are the same,” Ling Han remarked after carefully mulling over it.

Compared to the Celestial Realm, the Foreign Realm had one more Regulation—darkness.

When the Regulation of Darkness was unleashed, it would cause one to enter a state of wild frenzy. At the same time, it would also strip one’s vision and divine sense. It was an extremely powerful Regulation.

The Celestial Realm didn’t possess this Regulation.

During this one month, Ling Han didn’t do much. He simply spent tens of thousands of years in the Black Tower to extract a sliver of Regulation of Darkness.

With a thought, his body instantly transformed, with a sole horn growing from his head and a tail growing from his lower back.

Pa!

His shoes exploded apart as his feet turned into bull-like hooves. At the same time, his skin also became crimson like flames.

He was disguising himself as a member of the Foreign Realm in terms of physical appearance. Anyone could do this. However, this was only a physical disguise, and not a disguise of one’s aura, so any random Celestial could easily see through it with a single glance.

Ling Han then channeled the Regulation of Darkness, and his aura instantly underwent a fundamental change. He was now no different from the members of the Foreign Realm.

“So weak. I’m only as powerful as the weakest Severing Mundane Tier cultivator,” Ling Han murmured.

If he entered the Foreign Realm at this moment, his Immortal Palace Tier power would be quickly exhausted since he couldn’t replenish it with the Regulations of the Celestial Realm. Even with the help of the Black Tower, there would still come a moment where he would exhaust all of his power.

At that time, he would only be able to channel the Regulations of the Foreign Realm. In that case, he would only be as powerful as an ordinary Severing Mundane Tier cultivator.

“However, the Regulations of heaven and earth are much the same. If I cultivate in earnest, I can most likely advance at a rapid speed.” He calculated in his mind. Because he possessed the Origin Magic Cube, he was confident that he could quickly become a Ninth Heaven Celestial King—or an 18th Lotus elite—regardless of which set of Regulations he cultivated.

“Moreover, the Regulations of the Foreign Realm are actually slightly superior. Cultivating these Regulations is ultimately beneficial for me. It can allow me to become more powerful.”

Ling Han was fervent in his pursuit for cultivation, and he was hellbent on achieving perfection.

In the Celestial Realm, he had reached a state of perfection in each major tier. However, he could only shake his head now. There were still many places where he wasn’t powerful enough. This wasn’t because of him, but because of the limitations imposed by this heaven and earth.

In the Celestial Realm, he could be regarded as perfect. In the Foreign Realm, however, he still had room for improvement.

With this in mind, he couldn’t help but feel slightly astonished.

If the Foreign Realm deployed a genuinely powerful prodigy, would even Ji Wuming be able to rival them?

It wasn’t that Ji Wuming wasn’t freakish enough. Rather, this was because of the level of this heaven and earth.

“Thankfully, I’m in possession of the Origin Magic Cube, which allows me to blatantly cheat. Who cares what they throw at me? I’ll suppress them all!” Ling Han exited the Black Tower. If he were afforded more time, he would still want to investigate the other Regulations of the Foreign Realm, thereby tempering his cultivation to an increasingly perfect state.

The 17th camp of Unit D departed for the neutral zone. Even though this was only a sparring match between the two realms, its implication was significant. Although most of the people here couldn’t participate in the battles, they could still at least cheer the Celestial Realm on.

Because the upper limit of the Regulations of the neutral zone had risen, Nie Heshan could also enter this time. He didn’t need to stand guard outside.

In reality, many Ascending Origin Tier elites and even Celestial Kings had entered the neutral zone during this past month. Their aim was to hunt the beings of this realm. They could obtain Celestial medicines, and they could also obtain meat to replenish the expenditure of their power of Regulations.

Ling Han had initially wanted to absorb all of these living beings into the Black Tower. However, upon further thought, wouldn’t doing so raise everyone’s suspicion?

Thus, he could only endure this pain.

In order to lure larger fish onto his hook, he had no option but to make some small sacrifices. After all, one had to lose some to gain some.

“Humph!” Shen Chao immediately sneered upon seeing Ling Han. There was a cold smile tugging at the corners of his lips.

He had advanced to the Ascending Origin Tier.

Initially, he had only been at the peak stage of the Fifth Secret. After 1,400 years, and with heaven knew how many years thanks to the acceleration of time, he successfully underwent a huge transformation, and advanced to the Ascending Origin Tier.

One had to realize that those at the Immortal Palace Tier still channeled Origin Power. However, those at the Ascending Origin Tier could transform all of their Origin Power into Source Power. It was because of this that they had the title of “Ascending Origin.” Their might was inconceivable, and they were beings the Immortal Palace Tier cultivators couldn’t dream to rival.

Shen Chao naturally viewed Ling Han with disdain. What did it matter that he was a Monarch Star? He was merely at the Second Secret, so the former could easily suppress him with a single finger!

However, this was not the right place for him to cause trouble, so he could only shoot a menacing glare at Ling Han. In the future, he would definitely wipe the floor with Ling Han’s face.

Meanwhile, he also felt a sense of regret in his mind. He hadn’t realized that Ling Han had already returned a month ago. Otherwise, he would have definitely charged over to exact revenge. Why had he stayed in the army after advancing to the Ascending Origin Tier? Was it not to exact revenge?

Ling Han saw Shen Chao’s expression, and he couldn’t help but chuckle. This person dared to provoke him in the neutral zone?

He was asking for a beating!

Pa!

Under the gaze of everyone, Shen Chao surprisingly face-planted into the ground.

“Hahahaha!” Many people couldn’t help but laugh. This was far too hilarious. An Ascending Origin Tier elite had actually tripped for no reason? Moreover, it was such a comprehensive faceplant. Was this not comical?

Meanwhile, Shen Chao wore a dazed expression. He didn’t know what had happened, either. Before he knew it, he had suddenly fallen and face-planted. It was as if heaven and earth were forcing him to kneel. There was nothing he could have done to prevent it.

He picked himself up. However, before he could even stabilize himself, he suddenly lurched forward and fell again. This time, his fall was even harder, and even some of his teeth were sent flying. Blood poured from his face.

Pa!

He picked himself up again, yet his knees suddenly buckled, and he fell for the third time.

This time, no one could laugh anymore. They couldn’t help but find this extremely uncanny.

“Did Shen Chao offend some Celestial King?” someone asked in speculation. Otherwise, how could an Ascending Origin Tier elite become so disheveled?

“But the Shen Clan also possesses a Celestial King. From what I’ve heard, this is a Seventh Heaven Celestial King, no less. Which Celestial King isn’t giving him face?” someone asked in confusion.

The most powerful people who could enter this place were Fifth Heaven Celestial Kings, so how did this Celestial King dare to pick on the weak? Was he not afraid of the wrath from the Celestial King of the Shen Clan?

“This is a matter for those mighty figures, so it’s best that we don’t comment too much.”

Regardless of whether it was Shen Chao or that secretly fiddling “Celestial King,” they had both far surpassed the level of these people.

Shen Chao was still falling again and again. He fell 18 times in a row, and only then did he finally stop falling.

He also became afraid at this moment. Without caring about his face, he sat on the ground and glared at the sky. There was deep hatred and resentment in his eyes. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

A mighty Celestial King was actually attacking a measly Ascending Origin Tier elite from the shadows? Did he still care about his face or not?

However, why didn’t he consider the fact that he was still targeting Ling Han, a Second Secret elite, even after becoming an Ascending Origin Tier elite? Oh, so he cared about his face?

Ling Han smiled faintly. This feeling of toying with others from the shadows was extremely satisfying. No wonder the large black dog was so debauched.

Sigh, he had truly been led astray.

If the large black dog knew of this, he would definitely bark in protest. “Brat, your personality was already like this, okay?!”

After this small aside, the 17th camp traversed mountains and crossed rivers before finally arriving at the designated spot for the sparring match with the Foreign Realm.

This was a sprawling plain, and there was surprisingly a small elevation in its center. It was like a naturally formed platform, and one couldn’t help but sigh in marvel at the wonders of heaven and earth.

In reality, this was Ling Han’s doing.

Many people from the Celestial Realm had already arrived, and there were cultivators with all kinds of cultivation levels. Moreover, there was no age limit to enter, so some of them were adolescents, while others were renowned seniors.. The result of this sparring match was far too important.