Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Chapter 2263: Redeeming military merit

The world was trembling violently, seemingly close to collapsing.

Ling Han’s face paled, and he felt so horrible that he wanted to throw up blood.

This world was presently sustaining a heavy blow, and he was fused with this world. Since the heaven and earth was being damaged, he, too, would feel it.

He could “see” very clearly. At the Foreign Realm’s end, an incredibly terrifying being was presently attacking the neutral zone. Blasting out an attack caused the whole world to shake violently, incapable of bearing it at all.

Heavenly Venerate Chi Yan!

He was already here. In such a short while, he had rushed here from who knew which corner of the Foreign Realm. His speed was really chilling.

And it was unknown whether this was his real self or not. He was about 30 meters tall, his upper body bared, and covered with seals all over his skin. Even if Ling Han was now at the Pseudo-Heavenly Venerable Tier, he still could not clearly see the detailed appearance of these seals.

There was another millions and millions of meters tall image behind him. With each punch, that image would also send out a punch, which would land on the neutral zone, causing the whole world to tremble, and teeter dangerously close to collapse.

When Ling Han’s divine sense swept over, Heavenly Venerate Chi Yan immediately sensed it. He, too, looked over, and it was as if his eyes could traverse the endless distance, and see Ling Han’s true self.

“Let’s go!” Ling Han exclaimed quickly. With just a mere glane like that, it was like all the blood in his body was boiling, and he felt like he was about to explode into pieces.

This new world would not be able to block a Heavenly Venerate at all. Only the great heaven and earth of the Celestial Realm could do so.

With a curl of his great hand, everyone flew, and were tossed instantly out of the neutral zone, arriving beneath Clear Heaven Pass.

Ling Han turned around. In this place, he could still see the image that the Heavenly Venerate Chi Yan had manifested. That was really too terrifying. He really had the great aura and might that could shatter the heaven and earth with a single punch.

“Small Tower, let me ask you something,” Ling Han suddenly spoke up, communicating with Small Tower.

After the time for at least 100 heartbeats, Ling Han nodded, and stepped out of the neutral zone.

With his exit, Heavenly Venerate Chi Yan actually stopped attacking as well. It seemed like his gaze could penetrate through the millions and millions of km of space, and was still fixed on Ling Han. However, in the heaven and earth of the Celestial Realm, there was a stronger power that was suppressing the power of Heavenly Venerable Tier. Ling Han finally lost the feeling of being close to exploding, but was still feeling very terrible.

Ling Han cast a meaningful glance. This was the power of a Heavenly Venerate, and was also power that he wanted to attain and surpass. He would remember it.

He suddenly turned around and left, heading off towards Clear Heaven Pass.

The moment he entered into Clear Heaven Pass, he heard thunderous cheers.

“Chicken slayer!”

“Han Lin!”

Everyone was calling his name. People lined up on either side of the long streets, all of them extremely inspired.

Ling Han knew that it had to be that the fact that he had killed Celestial Kings from the Foreign Realm through trickery in a single battle had already spread out.

Though there were some Foreign Realm Kings that had not been killed by him, he had killed at least 90% of them, and what the Celestial Realm needed now was a superhero to uplift their morale. Thus, they were all considered Ling Han’s kills, making his halo even more dazzling.

His face bearing a smile, he nodded repeatedly at the people in the area as he accepted the rewards from the heaven and earth.

Killing beings of the Foreign Realm in Clear Heaven Pass was considered ridding the heaven and earth of evil, and one could get rewards from the heaven and earth. However, it would not be directly bestowed, but rather calculated as military merits, which one could trade in at the sacrificial altar of Clear Heaven Pass.

In this battle, Ling Han had killed hundreds of Foreign Realm Kings, as well as countless Ascending Origin Tiers, Immortal Palace Tiers, Dividing Soul Tiers, and Severing Mundane Tiers. The military merits that he had gained were naturally extremely high.

…In history, was there any Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate that had joined the battle?

Heavenly Venerable Tier was not recognized by the heaven and earth at all. Even if they killed and killed, it would still be impossible for them to gain military merits. Thus, the military merits Ling Han obtained would probably make a mark in history all at once.

He strode forwards, heading directly towards the sacrificial altar.

An Ascending Origin Tier elite appeared, and said to Ling Han, “Han Lin, the Celestial Kings are summoning you!”

Ling Han nodded, and replied, “All right. Wait until I do something first. It will not take too much time.”

That Ascending Origin Tier frowned slightly. The Celestial Kings were summoning him, and this brat actually did not immediately go? But even if the man had extremely great courage, he would not dare do anything against Ling Han.

The Ling Han now was the greatest hope of the Celestial Realm that had provided outstanding service. If he dared touch a hair on Ling Han’s head, not only would he be blasted into bits, he would also be nailed onto the pillar of shame in history.

Hence, he could only follow behind Ling Han, looking depressed.

Among the cheers, Ling Han arrived at the sacrificial altar.

The sacrificial altar was extremely simple. It was just a pentagonal stone altar, but upon closer look, Ling Han discovered that the material used to construct the stone altar was extraordinary, possessing astonishing seals of light that were supreme and noble.

He walked onto the sacrificial altar, and an object that was akin to a decree immediately appeared in his mind. A series of names were written on it, filling it densely. These were the resources that the heaven and earth allowed for redeeming.

Ling Han even saw the Thousand Year Dream Pill. This pill recipe had long since been lost, but it could actually be redeemed from the heaven and earth in this place.

Everything in this world was created by the heaven and earth. Even alchemical pills and so on were still formed after obtaining various ingredients in this world, which were formed naturally by the heaven and earth.

“I want Level 20 Godly metal,” Ling Han said mentally.

Instantly, a hole cracked open on the sacrificial altar. Countless metals dropped, and Ling Han’s military merits was subtracted continuously by the heaven and earth.

Ling Han was unconcerned. He wanted to advance the Divine Demon Sword to Celestial Tool’s level, and he had already made this decision long before when he had decided to kill the Foreign Realm elites through trickery.

He received the Godly metal from below, stowing all of it into the Black Tower.

The Ascending Origin Tier elite watching from behind him was completely baffled. Ling Han was actually using a large amount of military merits to redeem Level 20 Godly metal? ***, was there something wrong with you!?

Even redeeming Pseudo-Divine Metal was better than this!

His heart was aching painfully. Though Level 20 Godly metal was not worth much military merit, this was still an ocean’s worth. All the military merits added together made even his eyes bloodshot with envy.

Wasteful, this was really too wasteful.

Yet Ling Han was completely unconcerned. When he felt like it was enough, he finally stated, “That’s enough.”

Instantly, his military merits stopped subtracting, and the bestowing of Godly metal also stopped.

It should be enough to upgrade the Divine Demon Sword.

Ling Han checked, and there was still about two-thirds left of his military merits.

“I’ll redeem some more Celestial medicine,” Ling Han stated, spending his military merits without any meanness. This was only a useless figure on himself; it was only truly beneficial once it could be traded for real items.

As he redeemed stuff, understanding rose up in his heart. Everything in this world, to be frank, was actually Regulations, including himself. He, too, was also merely Regulations. The form was secondary, and Regulations were the primary element.

Of course, Ling Han had absolutely no plans of giving up his physical body. Regulations were the display of strength, and enjoying life would need a physical body to realize.

“Right, I’ll redeem some of this stuff as well.” Ling Han’s eyes lit up. He discovered a tool that was called “Heaven and Earth Origin Stars,” which was exceedingly expensive, but its might was also incredibly powerful, and could deliver a Celestial King Tier-level attack.

Once he had traded in all his military merits, Ling Han was finally satisfied.

“Let’s go,” he said to that Ascending Origin Tier elite.

That man had long since gotten impatient from waiting. With a slight humph, he led the way ahead.

Actually, he looked down on Ling Han slightly, and thought that Ling Han had only been able to attain such a great merit purely because he had gotten a stroke of sheer dumb luck, and obtained the Origin Magic Cube. If it was anyone else, it could be done as well..