Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2277: Depressed

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The appearance of the Angel Race was very close when compared to the people of the Celestial Realm. The only difference was that they had a pair of wings and a halo above their heads, and their eyes were also extremely bright. However, every single one of them was very fair, the men handsome and the

women beautiful.

Fairy Yunhe was one of the more well-known ones at that. Whether it was judging via the aesthetics of the Angel Race or a member of the Celestial Realm, she was a rarely seen beauty.

More importantly, this beauty also possessed astonishing natural talent for cultivation, which naturally caused men to scramble madly over her.

“Then I will have to thank Brother Di.” Fairy Yunhe nodded. She could not refuse this favor, but she had immediately made her decision internally. She would repay him with valuable gifts, and immediately return this kindness.

Di Fei’s expression was arrogant. He had already been in the Fifth Severance for a great many years. Not only had he pushed his main focus, the Regulations of Light, to an extent of perfection, he had also cultivated another three types of Regulations, and they had all reached a considerable height as well.

In the past, he had already stimulated a fruit using the Regulations of Light, and the same person using the same Regulations would not be able to do it again after using it once. Thus, he would need to use the other three Regulations, but this naturally would be enough.

Even if there were others that had also cultivated the corresponding three types of Regulations, who would be able to compare to him?

He was a Fifth Severance monarch tier!

He talked eloquently, talkig about his experiences in recent years and the various types of ancient sites he had visited, which were filled with danger but also innumerable gains, and all who listened were captivated. Even Fairy Yunhe couldn’t help but look at him with her beautiful eyes, showing a rapt

expression.

Firstly, he was eloquent, enchanting any listener, and secondly, he had indeed experienced a considerable number of events that would make others gasp and become fascinated.

He became the center of attention, and quite a number of women looked besotted. Di Fei only had to crook his figner, and they would probably immediately jump onto his carriage, and roam far and wide with him.

‘These women were from the Angel Race, and that was one thing, but more importantly, there were a few females of the Demon Race that were also looking captivated, their eyes bright and intelligent, wanting nothing more than to jump into his arms, and causing the men of both races to go mad with

jealousy.

But what could they do? Di Fei was a monarch tier, a man that was destined to be capable of becoming an Ancestral King, and could even reach the height of Thirteenth or Fourteenth Lotus.

The admiration of the strong would surpass any differences in race.

“The fruits are ripe!” It was unclear who had called out, but everyone’s eyes were immediately focused on the Hundred Fruits Tree, as if Di Fei had instantly lost all his attraction.

..If compared, what would be more important than their own strength?

Di Fei couldn’t help but feel displeasure, but thinking further about it, why did he have to be annoyed with a tree? He shook his head, and rose up, intending to immediately stimulate a resonation from the celestial fruit.

After all, there were still a great many emperor tiers here, and they were also qualified to stimulate the celestial fruits. If he was too late, the fruit would definitely be snatched.

He had only grasped three additional Regulations.

Di Fei channeled the Regulation, beginning to stimulate a celestial fruit.

In just a short while, he had locked down a celestial fruit. That was a Fire Element fruit, and was reacting slightly under his power of Regulation.

Immediately, he tried his best, pouring the entirety of his spirit over.

Weng, weng, weng. This fruit trembled slightly. It was shaped like a blazing flame, appearing both beautiful and dangerous. It would allow cultivators who cultivated the Regulations of Fire to have a sliver of hope of breaking through to the Fifth Severance, and was incredibly valuable.

‘Come on, come on,’ Di Fei said mentally. He actually only needed a single fruit to win the favor of Fairy Yunhe.

This was a celestial fruit, and even if an Eighteenth Lotus King had planted a restriction here, allowing only Severing Mundane Tiers to come to pluck these fruits, it was still not something that could be done in the blink of an eye. He continuously channeled the Regulation, causing the resonance between

the two to become stronger and stronger.

He couldn’t help but look complacent. When he had been in the Fourth Severance, he had spent three days and nights to finally manage to stimulate a celestial fruit, but now he only needed around two hours to be able to do the same thing. This speed had increased by who knew how many times over.

When two hours had passed, that Fire Element celestial fruit trembled violently, as if it was about to fly off its branch, and lunge towards him.

Di Fei smiled slightly. He was close to succeeding.

Pu, the celestial fruit trembled lightly, and suddenly left the branch, shooting outwards. Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Yet Di Fei’s expression changed suddenly because this celestial fruit was actually not flying towards him, but rather in a different direction.

“Impossible!”

He was inexplicably stunned because it was in the last instant that he had also uncovered that another surge of willpower was invading, and had easily stimulated the celestial fruit, causing the celestial fruit to escape his grasp.

This feeling was really very terrible. It was like he had courted a woman for a very long time, and just when it looked like they could finally have s*x, another man suddenly charged out, and stole the woman instead.

Di Fei’s eyes followed the course of flight of the celestial fruits, and when his eyes spotted a person, he almost spluttered.

That was because that person’s hands actually held a pile of celestial fruits, a pile, a pile, a pile...

Was this a f****** monster? Even an emperor tier could only stimulate a single celestial fruit, and this was actually a f***** pile. There were at least a few dozen fruits. How did you do that?

It was not just him. There were a great many others that were looking at Ling Han like they were looking at a monster. However, the latter had been too focused on stimulating the celestial fruit, and so had not noticed how the others looked like.

It was just two hours, and this guy had actually stimulated dozens of celestial fruits. What kind of terrifying speed was this? No wonder the other party only had to divert his attention slightly, and managed to snatch the celestial fruit that Di Fei had been “communicating” with for a very long time.

Di Fei gritted his teeth, and suppressed the urge to make a move. Instead, he continued to communicate with a second celestial fruit. As he saw it, Ling Han had plucked so many celestial fruits, so he should have exhausted all the Regulations that he had grasped.

He attempted to stimulate the resonance, and a celestial fruit responded very soon, soothing his unease. He had really feared that the fruits that corresponded to the three types of Regulations he had grasped would already have been taken by others.

However, the tragedy repeated. A forceful divine sense swept over, and the fruit that he had been communicating with instantly departed from its branch.

Di Fei did not even have to turn his head. Just looking at the course of flight of this fruit, he could be sure that it had surely been that person.

‘Damn it! Damn it! Damn it!

‘What fruit can’t you pick? Why must you contend with me? Moreover, you have already plucked so many, so why are you still so greedy?”

He immediately wanted to make a move, but recalling that he still had another Regulation that he had not channeled, he suppressed his fury. Instead, he channeled his last Regulation, and then he immediately discovered that there was no fruit that resonated with him.

..The Hundred Fruits Tree had 108 fruits that corresponded to 108 different Regulations of the Great Dao, but in truth, the total was not such a great number. Furthermore, many of them were split out from a main branch of Great dao, such as the Regulations of Fire that had split out into nine Dao, and

totalled nine fruits.

The Regulations everyone cultivated would ultimately have an affinity with one fruit, and whether one could stimulate it or otherwise would have to depend on the extent of affinity and on the depth of their grasp of the Regulations.

This time, Di Fei had not stimulated any fruit, which meant one thing, and that was the fruits that corresponded to his Regulations had already been completely harvested.

Only one person could have done it so quickly-Ling Han!

‘You’ve gone too far!”

Di Fei suddently stood, and shouted loudly at Ling Han, “Hand over all the fruits, and scram off the mountain!”

“That’s right, hand them over!” The others called out as well.. If Ling Han alone got close to 60 fruits, then what would be left for them?