Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2280: The Divine Demon Sword is upgraded

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

When Ling Han had been in the Celestial Realm, he had killed over 100 Foreign Realm Celestial Kings through trickery in one fell swoop, obtaining astonishingly great military merits, and he had also redeemed uncountable Godly metal from the heavens, which would be sufficient to push the Devouring Metal to the level of Divine Metal.

Previously, when he had fled into the Foreign Realm, he had not managed to pay attention to the Divine Demon Sword. Furthermore, it had not been very urgent, either, and now that he had found some time, he finally recalled that it was time to upgrade this Divine Sword to the grade that it should have.

Because there was really too much Godly metal piled together, it was even larger than a planet. Thus, Ling Han was boosting the Divine Demon Sword inside the Black Tower. Otherwise, if he had taken out so much Godly metal, he really would have had to abandon this neutral zone as well.

Even if the devouring ability of the Divine Demon Sword was astonishing, it was still after 10 days’ time that it finally advanced to Nine Stars. Then, another 20 days later, it was at the level of Pseudo-Divine Metal.

After reaching this stage, the Divine Demon Sword was already close to satiation. Only another step further, and it could become Divine Demon Sword. However, Ling Han fed this sword another three days, but this guy was not willing to consume any further.

There was clearly still a considerable amount of Godly metal left.

Ling Han paused for a moment, and suddenly it came to him. Could it be that the Divine Demon Sword could only completely break through in a true heaven and earth?

He exited the Black Tower, and the Divine Demon Sword instantly shone with majestic light. Multiple seals flickered on the blade, possessing an indescribable might.

Boom, dark clouds immediately rolled out in the skies as lightning flashed closely together.

The heavenly tribulation was coming, but its target this time was not Ling Han, but rather the sword in his hands.

Ling Han laughed loudly, his figure flying into the air, and leaving this town behind, and arrived at the isolated outskirts.

Kuang, the first bolt of lightning had already descended, incredibly accurately striking onto the Divine Demon Sword.

Ling Han raised the sword to greet the lightning bolt. With a swipe of the sword, this bolt of lightning was instantly slashed into half. However, Ling Han was also completely numb from electrocution, even if he had just been scraped a bit.

The Divine Demon Sword was going to be promoted to become a Celestial Tool, so the divine punishment it endured was also at the Celestial King Tier. This was a power that Ling Han was far from being capable of matching.

‘Gods!’ Ling Han thought. This heavenly tribulation was too frightening. Merely a single wave of the aftermath, and he was in such a great pain. The upcoming might of the heavenly tribulation would be further increased gradually; how was he supposed to hold up to it?

Right at this moment, the Divine Demon Sword trembled slightly, suddenly leaving Ling Han’s hands. Xiu, it shot straight into the air.

It had actually taken the initiative to face the heavenly tribulation head-on.

Ling Han thought for a while. Unless he used the Black Tower, there was no way he could interfere. If that was the case, then forget it. This was a threshold that the Divine Demon Sword had to breach. If it could not succeed, it would not be qualified to become Divine Metal.

Boom, boom, boom. The heavenly tribulation threw down bolt after bolt of lightning, and crack after crack also appeared on the Divine Demon Sword, as if it was no longer able to endure.

‘You can do it!’ Ling Han thought. The Divine Demon Sword had been by his side for so many years, and his martial intent was contained within. Though it was presently still very weak, it had inherited Ling Han’s conviction: never give up, and never talk of retreat.

The battle prowess of the Divine Demon Sword itself was completely insufficient to match the heavenly tribulation. It was being tempered by the lightning. It was all up to it whether it would be shattered to bits or complete the leap in quality, and become Divine Metal.

The heavenly tribulation of the Foreign Realm was even fiercer. Though Ling Han had confidence in the Divine Demon Sword, it was inevitable that he still felt a sliver of worry.

Xiu, a figure shot over and arrived. It was a handsome young man, a member of the Angel Race. His snow-white wings were incredibly pure and holy, and he bore long locks of dazzling gold, looking handsome to the point of arousing the jealousy of others.

“What good luck; an ultimate precious Divine Sword is actually enduring a heavenly tribulation now. Is this a gift that the heavens has bestowed on me, Richina?” This young man laughed loudly.

He had deliberately come to investigate when he had seen the terrifying lightning spread out into an ocean over here. At first, he had thought that it was a Ninth Lotus elite about to become an Ancestral King. He had not thought that it was actually a sword.

“This is an ancestral weapon!” He was incredibly excited.

An Ancestral weapon was the equivalent of the Celestial Tool of the Celestial Tool, and though the overall level of the Foreign Realm was just that bit higher than the Celestial King Tier, there was still an incredibly small number of ancestral weapons. And now, an ancestral weapon had actually appeared in front of him, with no owner at that. Naturally, he thoght that this was a gift that the heavens had bestowed upon him.

…As for Ling Han?

He was a mere Sixth Lotus, so the man naturally overlooked him completely. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

‘Huh?’

His eyes set on Ling Han, and he felt that there seemed to be something hidden within Ling Han that made him feel a discomfort he could not describe.

“Commit suicide!” Richina stated calmly. He disliked the feeling that he got from Ling Han, but couldn’t be bothered to investigate the matter. It would be fine once he was dead.

Ling Han looked at him. This was a Seventh Lotus Three Leaves powerhouse, which was the equivalent of the Earth Soul of the Dividing Soul Tier. No wonder he dared to cast such disdain on him, and he was also grim. As expected, if it was just a simple disguise, it would be hard for Ling Han to deceive even an Earth Soul. That disgusted expression on the other’s face was the exact same expression he wore when he saw the people who cultivated the techniques of the Foreign Realm in the Celestial Realm.

This kind of despise came from the heaven and earth. It was just dislike, and there was no reason for it.

“Commit suicide? The difficulty is quite high; I really don’t know how,” Ling Han said smilingly. “Why don’t you demonstrate first?”

Richina was stunned. He had intiially thought that Ling Han would immediately wail and beg for mercy. He had not thought that the latter would actually talk back to him. His courage was really quite great.

“If if were not for the fact that you are too unlikable, I could take you as my subordinate. It is most interesting to make a defiant person submit,” he said calmly. “Unfortunately, I am not in the mood for that at all right now.”

He suddenly moved, launching an attack at Ling Han.

This was a battle that had absolutely no reason for it, but since the other party was charging straight at him, Ling Han naturally would not just wait for death to arrive, either. He dodged this strike immediately with a flash.

He did not know who this young man was, and did not want to cause unnecessary trouble. After all, he wanted to keep a “low profile.” In these several thousand years, Ling Han had already completely grasped the Regulations of the Foreign Realm. At least it was the case for Severing Mundane Tier Regulations. He manifested millions of himself. This was a

weaker version of Void Space, but could also be considered a stronger version.

It was weaker because his present cultivation level was too low, so it was definitely inferior compared to when he used it as a Second Secret Immortal Palace Tier, but it could be called stronger because it had assimilated the Regulations of two Realms, so that Void Space, at the level of Severing Mundane Tier, had become stronger.

“How intriguing. You actually managed to dodge my strike, but that would only happen once!” Richina declared with a laugh, yet was completely unconcerned. In the first place, there was a massive gulf between the Severing Mundane Tier and Dividing Soul Tier, what more when he was a Seventh Lotus Three Leaves.

He moved once more, his fingers turning into endless blades that shot rapidly towards Ling Han.

Ling Han could definitely not be considered good-tempered. Just now, he had just reminded himself that he had to keep a low profile, but seeing how overbearing Richina was being, his fury instantly went straight to his head. How could he hold back any further? Clenching a fist, he countered Richina with a blow of his own.

“You are overestimating yourself!” Richina sneered. As he saw it, this action from Ling Han was naturally like a mantis trying to stop a chariot, a useless act of resistance in the face of absolute despair.

Peng!

With this strike, Richina was immediately sent stumbling back continuously, and that was the same for Ling Han as well.

Richina’s expression instantly changed. His opponent had actually managed to battle him to a tie?

It should be known that he was a Seventh Lotus Three Leaves, and a king tier at that. Even if the other party was a Sixth Lotus Five Leaves monarch tier, his battle prowess would only be at the Seventh Lotus Two Leaves at most. How could he possibly match him?

Moreover, there was a strange aura seeping from his body, causing him to involuntarily feel dislike and an even stronger impulse to commit murder..