Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2284: Reality of the Realm War

Translator: Henyee TranslationsEditor: Henyee Translations

If these people had shouted “long live the Foreign Realm,” “the Foreign Realm is invincible,” and so on, Ling Han wouldn’t have been surprised at all. However, to shout “for survival”… This was extremely baffling for Ling Han.

Perhaps there was some inconceivable lie being told in the Foreign Realm? Instead of the Foreign Realm invading the Celestial Realm, perhaps they had been told that it was the Celestial Realm invading the Foreign Realm?

Ling Han remained calmly seated. Right now, it was best for him to silently listen.

“Do you know what kind of threat we’re currently facing?” the Ninth Lotus elite asked in an extremely solemn voice.

“Yes!” everyone shouted.

The Ninth Lotus elite nodded, and continued, “The Dark Inverse Realm is currently attacking us. Their realm is higher in level than ours, and they possess innumerable elites. If they successfully breach our defenses, our only fate is to be massacred. Our realm will be engulfed by the Dark Inverse Realm,

and our descendants will all be exterminated.

“Our existence will be comprehensively erased.

“So what’s our final hope?”

“Our final hope is to conquer that super low-level dimension, and to massacre its populace! Our realm can then engulf that super low-level dimension, and ascend to a higher level, allowing us to resist the Dark Inverse Realm. In fact, we might even be able to surpass the Dark Inverse Realm!” everyone

replied in unison. This clearly wasn’t their first time engaging in such a conversation.

Upon hearing this, Ling Han was so astounded that he could barely speak.

As it tumed out, the Foreign Realm was also in a similar position to the Celestial Realm—they were currently being invaded by another higher-level realm. Their defenses might collapse at any time, leading to a massacre of their populace.

When their defenses collapsed, could anyone survive the ensuing onslaught?

The solution to this dilemma was also extremely simple—they would destroy the Celestial Realm, and use it to raise the level of their realm. By doing so, they could then resist or even defeat the Dark Inverse Realm.

As it tumed out, the Foreign Realm had always been engaged in a war on two fronts. On the one side, they were at war against an invading realm, and on the other side, they were the assailants trying to invade the Celestial Realm. No wonder the Heavenly Venerates were so proactive. At the end of the

day, it was all for the sake of survival.

“Hang on!”

Ling Han shook his head in his mind. Heavenly Venerates were already transcendent above Regulations, so just how much would they be affected if they resided in a different heaven and earth?

No one knew the answer to this question. Perhaps they wouldn’t be affected, or perhaps they would. However, even Ling Han himself could recultivate using the Regulations of the Foreign Realm, so how was it possible that Heavenly Venerates couldn’t?

Heavenly Venerates were unfathomably powerful, so even if the Foreign Realm were destroyed, Heavenly Venerates like Heavenly Venerate Chi Yan could still enter the Dark Inverse Realm, and live a leisurely life. After all, just take a look at the composed demeanor of the three Heavenly Venerates from

the Celestial Realm. They couldn’t care less about the perilous situation of the Celestial Realm. Instead, they embraced this opportunity to attack their rivals.

Thus, there was definitely more to this than met the eye.

However, it was a shame that this kind of secret naturally wouldn’t be revealed to the masses. Only those in the highest positions could know.

Asense of fatigue washed over Ling Han. What did it matter even if they could stop the Foreign Realm? Once the Foreign Realm fell to the Dark Inverse Realm, the next in line to fall would be the Celestial Realm. Moreover, if even the Foreign Realm couldn’t resist them, just what chance did the Celestial

Realm have?

In addition, the Foreign Realm always referred to the Celestial Realm as a super-low-level dimension, yet they still couldn’t defeat it after such a long time. From this, it was clear that their level wasn’t much higher. The same could be said for the Dark Inverse Realm. That being the case, how could they

defend against an invasion from a medium-level or high-level realm?

Just thinking about this was tiring. Would they have to battle forever, until the end of time?

Ling Han shuddered, and his feeling of despair rapidly vanished. What replaced it was a boundless fighting spirit.

If defeating the Foreign Realm were the end of his journey, would life not become a huge bore?

Even though Ling Han had never admitted this before, he knew what he felt in his heart. In reality, he greatly enjoyed his current lifestyle. To continually challenge himself and take risks added excitement and flavor to his life. It was this kind of life that he desired, not an eternal and unchanging life.

To battle against heaven, to battle against earth, and to battle against others… What boundless joy!

A faint smile spread across his face. He brimmed with fighting spirit, and he could barely contain his urge to immediately charge into a higher-level dimension and battle to his heart’s content.

“Moreover, the heaven and earth of the Foreign Realm is clearly more tolerant toward Heavenly Venerates. Regardless of whether Heavenly Venerate Chi Yan steps forward or attacks, the heaven and earth of the Foreign Realm has never targeted him. That being the case, might there exist beings

transcendent above the Heavenly Venerable Tier in higher-level dimensions”

Ling Han mulled over this question in his mind. This wasn’t impossible. Moreover, there was now evidence to support this speculation.

“Very well!” the Ninth Lotus said. “However, if we want to invade the Celestial Realm, we must first become accustomed to battling in their realm. The Regulations of the two realms are different, though this won’t affect weak cultivators like us. We won’t be targeted by the heaven and earth of the Celestial

Realm. However, it’s a different story for those at or above the Celestial King Tier.

“Thus, we’re unable to unleash our full battle prowess at the Celestial Realm. We must prepare for such a situation. Otherwise, engagement in this war might lead to your deaths.”

The audience had likely heard this warning many times before. However, they still nodded with solemn expressions. Once their invasion transformed into a full-scale war, they would charge into the Celestial Realm even if they hadn’t become Ancestral Kings yet. They would accelerate the death of the

Celestial Realm, thereby allowing the Foreign Realm to more quickly ascend in level.

Today’s lesson was nothing more than an opportunity to instill a sense of impending danger in everyone’s mind. The Dark Inverse Realm was waging an all-out war against them, and their situation was truly fragile and perilous. Only by conquering and engulfing the Celestial Realm could they be saved.

As such, this was a righteous invasion.

Ling Han was from the Celestial Realm, so he naturally wouldn’t feel any sympathy for the Foreign Realm. Now, however, he at least knew why they insisted on invading the Celestial Realm. He also understood why there was so much support behind this invasion, and why the Foreign Realm could tolerate

sacrificing generation after generation of prodigies.

After a day of lessons, Ling Han couldn’t help but feel tired and muddleheaded. Afterward, he went to the library to read the relevant information.

He had initially thought that the battle between the Foreign Realm and the Celestial Realm had been a huge secret, just like how few people in the Celestial Realm had known about the invasion launched by the Foreign Realm. However, he discovered that it was quite the contrary. This was no secret in the

Foreign Realm, and it was instead used as a motivation for cultivators to grow stronger.

Before long, Ling Han had already read a large number of books.

The Realm Wars were extremely cruel, and victory for one party would mean defeat and extermination for another. Their entire realm would be dissolved, and their entire population would be erased. This was because living beings were the foundation of a realm. If they weren’t culled to a certain degree,

the heaven and earth that they existed in couldn’t be engulfed.

As such, the primary goal of the Foreign Realm after invading the Celestial Realm would be to massacre its residents. Afterward, the heaven and earth of the Celestial Realm would become extremely frail, allowing them to engulf it. When the two realms fused into one, the resulting realm would naturally

be of a higher level.

This also meant that a greater number of powerful beings could be born.

Not only was the Foreign Realm invading the Celestial Realm, but the Dark Inverse Realm was also invading the Foreign Realm. In reality, these Realm Wars had always been raging.

In the past, Heavenly Venerates from the Foreign Realm had traveled to the Dark Inverse Realm, and even to realms further beyond. They had discovered more secrets, and according to them, the entirety of the dimension was referred to as the Genesis World. There were countless realms, and they were

divided into four levels—top-level, high-level, medium-level, and low-level.

Both the Foreign Realm and the Celestial Realm were low-level dimensions. However, there were still countless other low-level dimensions, so it was possible to rank them in terms of strength. The Celestial Realm was most likely the weakest of the low-level dimensions. This was because they hadn’t

discovered any other neighboring realm apart from the Foreign Realm. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Indeed, all ordinary realms would have two neighboring realms, one slightly stronger and one slightly weaker. If they didn’t want to be engulfed by the stronger realm, they would only have one option—to engulf the weaker realm.

Afterward, Ling Han discovered even more information. The Celestial Realm had only appeared 130 epochs ago, while the Foreign Realm had appeared 150 epochs ago. This was quite some difference.