Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2285: Invitation from Celestial Maiden Yunhe

Translator: Henyee TranslationsEditor: Henyee Translations

Even though 130 epochs seemed like a long time, in the Genesis World, 130 epochs was truly an insignificant amount of time. According to rumors, the top-level dimensions had all existed for at least hundreds of millions of epochs. In comparison, the Celestial Realm couldn’t even be viewed as a

grandson.

After birth, a realm needed an exorbitant amount of time to grow to a state of perfection. Thus, in reality, the Celestial Realm had only experienced a rich cultivation culture for around 20 to 30 epochs. Moreover, it was only at this time that it collided with another realm, intertwining together and

forming a passageway.

A weaker realm hadn’t appeared behind the Celestial Realm, and this meant that the realm either hadn’t been bom yet, or it was still in the process of growing. However, there would eventually come a day when it connected with the Celestial Realm.

This was the unchanging cycle in the Genesis World. Old realms were continuously engulfed, while new realms were continuously born.

On one side of the Foreign Realm, there was a connection point to the Celestial Realm, a platform from which they could launch their invasion. On the other side, there was a connection point to the Dark Inverse Realm, a passageway from which the Dark Inverse Realm could launch their invasion.

On that side, the Angel Race and the Holy Beasts were responsible for the defenses. The Foreign Realm was engaged in war on two fronts.

Ling Han was secretly astonished. Fortunately, light was opposed to darkness. Fortunately, the Dark Inverse Realm was also invading the Foreign Realm. Otherwise, if the Heavenly Venerates from the Foreign Realm had attacked, the Celestial Realm would have most likely ceased to exist several epochs

ago.

“The entire Genesis World is swept up in Realm Wars, and no one can escape from this reality,” Ling Han said with a sigh. This was a cruel thought, yet it filled him with fighting spirit. At the same time, he was also weighed down with pressure.

If an elite from a top-level or high-level dimension entered at this moment, could they perhaps exterminate all of their opponents in these low-level dimensions with their own strength?

Strength… Only by becoming stronger could one stand up straight.

Ling Han temporarily pushed his thoughts and curiosity of the Realm Wars aside. In any case, he would only become cannon fodder with his current strength. As such, his only option was to become stronger.

He wished that the Foreign Realm could resist for a while longer, and he also wished that the Celestial Realm could resist for a while longer. He needed time to develop formidable power.

The cultivation environment of the Foreign Realm was clearly superior to the Celestial Realm’s since everyone was aware that they would be massacred by the Dark Inverse Realm if they didn’t first conquer and engulf the Celestial Realm. Thus, everyone prioritized cultivation.

The heaven and earth of the Foreign Realm had also welcomed a prosperous age, with their Celestial medicines far more abundant than in the Celestial Realm. The number of natural treasures was also greater, and this allowed the Foreign Realm to nurture countless astonishingly powerful prodigies and

elites.

In order to attack the Celestial Realm and defend against the Dark Inverse Realm, the Foreign Realm had mobilized everyone that it could. For example, the Hundred Battles Academy was one of the countless academies in the Foreign Realm. It was run by an Ancestral King, and it was fully focused on

nurturing the younger generation, thereby elevating the cultivation level of the entire Foreign Realm.

Living beings were dependent on heaven and earth, and the power of living beings could also be fed back to heaven and earth. If everyone were as powerful as a dragon, the heaven and earth that they resided in would also become peerless in terms of power. It would suppress any assailants to an even

greater degree.

Ling Han involuntarily thought of the Sealed Emotion Heavenly Venerable and the others. They had blocked all information about the invasion by the Foreign Realm, and they had created a guise of peace. In reality, they were dampening the motivation of people, and they were weakening the power of

heaven and earth. As such, it was only natural that the suppression provided by heaven and earth against the assailants was weak.

‘Thinking further about their inaction, and Ling Han could categorically conclude that the three of them had zero intention of stopping the invasion by the Foreign Realm. Instead, they were weighing the Celestial Realm down, and they were eager to witness its destruction.

So, why didn’t they proactively turn traitors?

This was because Heavenly Venerates weren’t tolerated by the Celestial Realm’s heaven and earth. They would be targeted if they showed themselves, and they would more so suffer a backlash from heaven and earth if they dared to interfere. Killing one or two people naturally wouldn’t be a problem.

However, if they killed too many people, the karmic backlash would certainly be too great even for Heavenly Venerates to handle.

‘Huh?

Ling Han came to a sudden realization. He finally understood why the Ancient Realm had been separated in two, and why the people from the Ancient Realm weren’t allowed to enter the Celestial Realm. This was because if the Ancient Realm became whole, more people would enter the Celestial Realm, Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

and more people would advance to the Severing Mundane Tier, Dividing Soul Tier, and even higher cultivation levels. At that time, heaven and earth would become more powerful, which was something not desired by the three Heavenly Venerates.

Of course, there might have been even more reasons that Ling Han couldn’t think of.

“Forget about this. I should cultivate and try to advance to the Dividing Soul Tier as soon as possible. I’m clearly at the Second Secret already, yet I have to suffer as a Fifth Severance cultivator. This is a terrible feeling,” Ling Han muttered. He stood up and left the library, heading off to cultivate.

Even though the Hundred Battles Academy was only founded by a Tenth Lotus Ancestral King, the facilities in the academy were all top-notch. For example, the Time Cultivation Chambers could accelerate time up to 1,000 times.

However, it wasn’t easy to enter such cultivation chambers. One needed to possess the most brilliant cultivation talent.

Even though Ling Han was a monarch tier, he still didn’t have the right to enter such a cultivation chamber. If he wanted to, he would need to display even more talent.

Before he even started to cultivate, the Empress, Hu Niu, and Bewitching Maiden Rou had already mastered the Heaven Deceiving Technique. Right now, they could genuinely wander around the Foreign Realm. Moreover, Hu Niu’s and the Empress’ cultivation had already returned to the Fifth Severance.

Meanwhile, Bewitching Maiden Rou also successfully advanced from the emperor tier to the monarch tier. She also advanced to the Fifth Severance. This was, of course, thanks to the mystical power of the Hundred Fruits Tree. She was extremely fortunate, and she managed to advance after consuming

just three fruits.

Ling Han released the three of them from the Black Tower, and disguised them as residents of the Foreign Realm. After he used the Heaven Deceiving Technique to touch up their disguises, perhaps even Ancestral Kings wouldn’t be able to see through them if they didn’t look carefully.

Without any hesitation, the three women all chose to disguise themselves as the Angel Race. This was for no reason bar the fact that they were beautiful.

Regarding this choice, to say nothing of the Empress and Bewitching Maiden Rou, even Hu Niu felt the same.

Ling Han felt extremely vexed about this. The three women would all reside in the Angel Quarters, and not a single one would stay with him.

“Don’t be sad, Ling Han. Niu will frequently come to visit you,” Hu Niu said as she patted Ling Han’s shoulder with a comforting expression.

Ling Han could only shake his head as he led the three of them to the academy.

‘The Hundred Battles Academy was always open to recruiting new prodigies. Since the three women were all monarch tiers, they were naturally accepted without a hitch.

In fact, their arrival caused some commotion in the Angel Quarters, since there weren’t many monarch tiers even in the Foreign Realm, much less three stunningly beautiful monarch tiers.

Ling Han spent almost half a year in the Time Cultivation Chamber. However, he was eventually called out by someone.

It was Yunhe.

“Ba, are you interested in joining my team?” the woman asked. Before, she had considered never making contact with Ling Han ever again lest she recalled the scenes of him “humiliating” her. However, she now had a necessary reason to invite him.

“To do what?” Ling Han asked in a calm voice.

“obtained an ancient map from my clan, and I discovered an incredible region. Perhaps this region will bring us great fortunes,” Celestial Maiden Yunhe replied.

Ling Han pondered for a moment. If he relied on himself to cultivate, he most likely would need tens of thousands of years to return to the Second Secret. This was already taking into account the resources provided by the academy. However, if he obtained some natural treasures, this time would

definitely be slashed by a great amount.

He naturally wanted to return to the Second Secret as soon as possible.

“When are you heading off?” he asked.

“If Brother Ba accepts my invitation, I’ll go and contact a few more people. We can set off in around 10 days,” Celestial Maiden Yunhe replied.

Ling Han nodded in acknowledgment before returning to the Time Cultivation Chamber to cultivate. Even if there were only 10 days left, he still wouldn’t want to waste them.

Celestial Maiden Yunhe couldn’t help but feel gloomy. This man was actually so indifferent to her?

There was nothing she could do about this. After all, he was a stinky bastard from the Demon Race who didn’t know how to appreciate her beauty—this was how she consoled herself…