Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2287: Make a Bet

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Oh?” Ling Han asked in a casual tone.

Celestial Maiden Yunhe almost exploded with rage. Did this person not understand the concept of monarch star? She humphed, and continued, “You Yuan is already at the Third Leaf of the Eighth Lotus. No matter how freakish you are, you still can’t block even a single finger of his.”

“He’s the ace and the number one elite of the Hundred Battles Academy. In the next Battle of One Thousand Realms, our placing will be determined by how well he can perform.”

Ling Han’s interest was piqued upon hearing this, and he asked, “What Battle of One Thousand Territories?”

Celestial Maiden Yunhe truly wanted to slap him across the face. He didn’t even know about the Battle of One Thousand Territories? How in the world was he a student of the Hundred Battles Academy? However, upon remembering that Ling Han was always cultivating in seclusion, she realized that he

was perhaps truly ignorant of these matters.

“Our dimension has a total of 999 territories, each of which has an academy similar to ours. In order to motivate everyone to cultivate, a competition between the academies is held every one million years,” she explained.

“Oh, then how high can our academy place?” Ling Han asked.

“72nd,” Celestial Maiden Yunhe replied with pride.

‘Is 72nd very high?’

Ling Han didn’t speak. However, his expression was already speaking louder than words.

“Don’t think that 72nd isn’t high. You have to realize that there are almost 1000 academies!” Celestial Maiden Yunhe immediately said. She wore an expression of reverence, and she continued, “If it weren’t for Brother You Yuan’s immense power, we couldn’t have even made the top 500!”

Ling Han understood that this was the power of a monarch star. One monarch star could rival at least 10 monarch tiers.

Scouring throughout the entire Celestial Realm, they could only scrape together 10 or so monarch stars. In the Foreign Realm, however, even if You Yuan were only on the bottom of the pile of monarch stars, it would still signify a total of at least 72 monarch stars.

The gulf between the two realms was like the distance between heaven and earth.

“Whom has You Yuan taken a fancy to?” Ling Han asked. This person actually dared to covet his women.

“Xing,” Celestial Maiden Yunhe replied.

‘Oh, such good taste, huh? Even though the three women had all donned disguises, the Empress’ powerful aura was simply impossible to alter. She was still noble and aloof. To supreme prodigies like Ling Han and You Yuan, she was as attractive as could be. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Ling Han nodded, and said, “I’ll remember this. Next time I encounter him, I’ll definitely pummel him until he abandons his preposterous thoughts.”

Celestial Maiden Yunhe was rendered speechless. She had told Ling Han about this in the hopes that he would understand that Hu Niu and the others were off-limits. To her disbelief, however, Ling Han reacted in a manner completely opposite to her expectations. He was now in competition with You

Yuan.

“What about the other two?” Ling Han asked.

Celestial Maiden Yunhe was flabbergasted. ‘Just how great is your appetite? You’ve yet to win over even one of them, yet you’re already thinking about the others?”

“Wu Ya and Xun Feng,” Celestial Maiden Yunhe replied.

“Wu Ya is a monarch tier at the Seventh Leaf of the Eleventh Lotus. Even though he won’t necessarily reach the pinnacle Eleventh Leaf, he’s already an incredible talent.” She paused for a moment before continuing, “Xun Feng is a monarch tier at the Eighth Leaf of the Eighth Lotus, and he’s even more

powerful.

“In fact, these three are the three most powerful cultivators in the Angel Quarters. Brother You Yuan is more so the most powerful cultivator in our entire academy!”

She wore an expression of reverence. That was a monarch star! Such prodigies were extremely rare, and there were only around 100 or so monarch stars even throughout the entire Foreign Realm.

“Now, do you still think you have a chance with those three women?” Celestial Maiden Yunhe asked.

Ling Han didn’t reply, and he simply looked at Celestial Maiden Yunhe with a strange gaze. He chuckled, and said, “Time and time again, you’re persuading me not to chase after the three of them. Are you perhaps interested in me?”

Celestial Maiden Yunhe was astounded. Why didn’t this demon look in the mirror? With such a terrifying appearance, how could she take a fancy to him? Was she blind?

“pss off!” she spat.

Her eyes were about to shoot flames. She had never come across anyone as narcissistic as Ling Han before.

Ling Han roared with laughter, and he said, “Would you believe me if I said that I could win over all three of them?”

“You?” Celestial Maiden Yunhe didn’t know whether to laugh or to feel angry. Which woman from the Angel Race would become attracted to a demon?

“Do you want to make a bet?” Ling Han said, purposefully toying with her.

“Sure!” Celestial Maiden Yunhe immediately replied. “If you lose, you owe me one fruit from the Hundred Fruits Tree... No, since there are three of them, you owe me three fruits if you fail to attract any of them!”

She was at the Fifth Severance, yet her brother still hadn’t reached this level yet. Even though they had a celestial fruit, it was only a single one. The more they had, the more insurance there would be. Moreover, even if her brother succeeded with a single fruit, they could still sell the others for an

astronomical price.

It would be silly of her not to raise the stakes. This was akin to someone gifting her money, so why wouldn’t she take the offer?

Ling Han smiled, and said, “Fine. If I fail to win over any of them, I owe you three celestial fruits. But what if I succeed?”

“You tell me,” Celestial Maiden Yunhe said. She wouldn’t mind even if Ling Han named an exorbitant price. After all, she was confident that Ling Han definitely wouldn’t succeed. In any case, how could they be attracted to a member of the Demon Race? Especially when there were better choices in her own

tribe.

Ling Han pondered for a moment before saying, “I want Seventh Lotus Great Herbs. For each one I win over, you owe me one Great Herb.”

“Deal,” Celestial Maiden Yunhe immediately said. Both of them were betting Celestial medicines, so this was a fair exchange. Moreover... it was impossible for Ling Han to win.

“Deal,” Ling Han said with a smile.

They traveled for three days before finally stopping to rest.

Sure enough, the others isolated Ling Han. They sat in a circle around the campfire, yet when they saw Ling Han walking over, not a single one of them shuffled aside to let him sit. Instead, they continued to eat and drink as if he didn’t exist.

‘Heh, so what if you’re powerful? Can you attack us now?”

Even Celestial Maiden Yunhe remained unmoving with a smile on her face. She showed no signs of wanting to help Ling Han. After all, who told him to be so arrogant?

Ling Han smiled faintly before walking up to the Empress, and asking, “Can I sit here?”

Everyone was stunned upon hearing this.

‘Just how shameless can you be? Those are three stunning beauties, so even looking at them is soiling them, yet you actually dare to request a seat between them? Why don’t you go die?

However, in a sight that shocked them even further, the two women actually shuffled aside to create a spot for Ling Han.

“F*ck!

They were all dazed as they stared at Ling Han taking a seat. They felt like they were in a dream.

Celestial Maiden Yunhe had been drinking tea, and upon seeing this, she couldn’t help but spit out a mouthful of the beverage. She then broke into a fit of coughing.

Ling Han had claimed that he could win over all three women. Even though this couldn’t be counted as a success, he was still at least already halfway to success. Otherwise, who would let a stinking man sit between them, much less a stinky insect from the Demon Race?

Everyone was overcome with agonizing grief. Just how breathtakingly beautiful were Rou and Xing? Yet, for some inexplicable reason, they submitted to the lustful request of this demon? They truly wanted to smack themselves to death with a piece of tofu.

Fortunately, Niu was pouting in clear displeasure. It was very likely that she had developed a strong resentment toward Ba.

“Wah, Niu is unhappy now!” Hu Niu said in bitterness. “Sit next to Niu! Sit next to Niu!” she shouted as she patted the space next to her.

‘Holy f*ck!”

Everyone choked and spluttered upon hearing this. Just then, they had still thought that Hu Niu would definitely develop resentment toward Ling Han. As it turned out, however, she was actually jealous that Ling Han hadn’t chosen to sit beside her.

Ling Han laughed, and said, “Come, sit on my lap.”

Hu Niu’s displeasure instantly transformed into delight. She then stood up before jumping into Ling Han’s embrace, finding a comfortable position to sit in. She wore an expression of happiness and comfort.

Everyone else..