Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2290: Entering the Cavern

Translator: Henyee TranslationsEditor: Henyee Translations

Two Fifth Severance cultivators had actually failed to move a corpse? Was this not a hilarious joke?

They went to move the corpse again, and they both exerted their full strength. One side of the corpse was easily moved, yet when that cavern was slightly exposed, that overwhelming suction force appeared again. Regardless of how red-faced with exertion the two people became, their attempts to move

the corpse were simply futile. They couldn’t move it another inch.

However, they had already been embarrassed once, so how could they bear to fail again? They both gave it their absolute all.

Weng, weng, weng!

Numerous symbols shone on their bodies as their wings beat rapidly.

Pa!

There was a flash of red, and the arm of one angel was surprisingly torn off, sending blood spurting through the air. The other angel was freaked out by this sight, and he hurriedly let go of the corpse. The corpse was instantly sucked back, blocking the entrance to the cavern again.

“Tm fine,” the person who had suffered the torn arm said. As he channeled the power within him, the power of Regulations enveloped him, causing a new arm to immediately grow out.

This consumed a certain amount of his blood essence and power of Regulations. As long as they didn’t suffer extreme wounds, cultivators above the Severing Mundane Tier could all recover at a rapid speed. This was because they didn’t need to expel foreign martial intent.

“How did you get wounded? Is there something strange about this corpse?” Celestial Maiden Yunhe asked in a grave voice.

“No,” the person said with a shake of their head. Slightly embarrassed, he continued, “I exerted too much strength, and it was because of this that I lost my arm.”

Everyone breathed a sigh of relief. However, this was quickly replaced by a feeling of shock.

He had actually exerted so much strength that he pulled an arm off? Just how hard was he pulling? More importantly, he had already exerted so much strength, yet he still couldn’t move that corpse? The immense power of the suction force was clear for all to see.

Moreover, this corpse was far too sturdy, was it not? It had already been reduced to bones, and it was eternally at the mercy of this suction force, yet it still remained intact? This was truly astonishing.

“This robe is most likely a precious treasure,” someone said with sparkles in their eyes. They stared at the robe on the corpse.

Everyone nodded in agreement. This robe had been able to resist the power of the suction force, so its defensive ability could at least rival that of Fourth Severance emperor tiers. This was the cultivation level of the two angels just then.

A Fifth Severance monarch tier stepped forward, and said, “Let me try.”

Another Fifth Severance monarch tier came forth, and said, “I’ll give you a hand.”

They grabbed the corpse together, one taking its left hand and one taking its right. They then pulled at it with force. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

The corpse was shuffled over, and the suction force instantly appeared again, as violent as could be.

The two monarch tiers exerted their full strength, and the veins on their foreheads were already bulging. This completely ruined their beauty, and it made them appear extremely savage. Their wings continued to flap, and their legs also rose into the air.

However, even though the corpse was easy to move, trying to completely move it aside was as difficult as ascending the heavens. It was almost an impossible task.

In order to avoid a similar fate to the angel before, they quickly abandoned their attempt.

“How can this be?” everyone asked in shock. How in the world could they enter?

Even though they could create a small opening, what would they do if they were sucked in? After all, who knew what kinds of dangers lay inside? This place was filled with an eerie air, so who would be silly enough to believe that a paradise lay inside the cavern?

“Why don’t we remove its robe first?” someone suggested.

The corpse had already decayed, so as long as they removed its robe, the corpse would presumably be sucked into the cavern with ease. At that time, the entrance to the cavern would also be exposed.

This suggestion won the support of the others. They felt like this was a good idea.

Ling Han didn’t oppose this suggestion, either. He simply frowned, feeling an indescribable sense of unease.

They started to remove the corpse’s robe, yet they quickly discovered that the buttons of the robe were incredibly difficult to undo. After almost an hour, they finally managed to undo a single button. They instantly cheered in delight. There was finally a glimmer of hope.

They continued to encourage themselves, and after an entire day, they finally managed to undo all of the buttons on the robe.

Whoosh!

The robe slapped onto the entrance of the cavern.

Plop!

After fluttering for a brief moment, it was instantly sucked inside. The corpse then collapsed as well, with its hundreds of bones flying into the cavern like meteors.

“Not good!” Before Ling Han could react, he had already lost control of his body. He was sucked toward the cavern.

Not only him, but everyone else was lifted off their feet and sucked toward the cavern as well. This suction force was far too terrifying.

Celestial Maiden Yunhe and some others flapped their wings furiously, trying their best to stabilize themselves in the air, yet their attempts were futile, and their struggles were insignificant before the power of the suction force.

Whoosh!

They were all sucked into the cavern. Their bodies tumbled around, and they all felt so nauseous that they wanted to vomit. In fact, several people fainted, after which bile was thrown from their mouths.

After at least 30 minutes, they finally saw an expanse of blinding white light before them.

Peng, peng, peng, peng!

They landed one after another, slamming into the ground. However, they didn’t feel any pain at all.

This was a snowy mountain. No wonder it was so white and so bright, and no wonder their fall wasn’t painful as expected.

Everyone groaned as they crawled up. Even the few people who had fainted opened their eyes in a daze. However, they immediately started to violently vomit again. They were still feeling terrible.

“Where is this?” they all asked.

Celestial Maiden Yunhe was slightly pale. It was clear that the person who had drawn the map had never entered this place before, yet they had tricked others by saying that this was the tomb of some Ancestral King. Their aim was to raise the price of that map.

From the fact that they had sold two copies of the same map, it was already clear that the seller was lacking in integrity.

From here on in, everything would be unfamiliar. This place was potentially fraught with danger.

Someone clasped their head, and said, “The bones have scattered everywhere, but that robe is nowhere to be seen.”

They hadn’t managed to obtain anything. In fact, this was to be expected. With a single gust of wind, that robe could have been carried anywhere on the mountain.

“Let’s head back and take a look first.” They wanted to check their path of retreat.

They knew not of north, south, east, and west in this region, and their chaotic arrival just then also prevented them from knowing where they had come from. However, this didn’t matter. As long as they could determine the direction of the wind, they would know where they had come from. They had

been sucked in here, so they could presumably find the exit as long as they traveled following the wind.

They set off, and it wasn’t long before they discovered a cave on the side of the mountain. However, the winds that gushed out from the cave were far too violent, and they were immediately sent flying once they neared it. They couldn’t resist them at all.

After several tries, they had no option but to dejectedly give up. With their current strength, they had to admit that they couldn’t overcome the power of these winds.

“We have no option but to find another exit.” They observed their surroundings. It was a sheet of white, and they couldn’t see any other color.

“Let’s go. Perhaps we can still find that robe.”

This was at least some motivation.

Just as they were about to set off, a loud screech of an eagle suddenly traveled over from the sky. They all looked up, only to see a mighty vulture soaring through the sky. Its wingspan measured 30 meters, and even though this was insignificant compared to those colossal monsters, it was radiating with

an aura that instilled chilling fear in one’s mind.

The silver vulture also noticed them. It shot a glance at them, and this caused everyone’s heart to shudder. They felt indescribably terrible.

“This Holy Beast is incredibly powerful! It’s at least at the Eighth Lotus!” Their expressions changed drastically. If they were targeted by an Eighth Lotus Holy Beast, and if they had no path of retreat, their only option would be death.

“Where do we flee?”