Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2299: Soaring Cultivation

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Ling Han turned to Hu Niu and the others, and said, “The flow of time here is extremely strange. It seems as if one’s divine sense can function countless times faster than normal. We can take advantage of this to cultivate!”

He had used his divine sense to deliver this message. Otherwise, if he had opened his mouth to speak, it would have taken heaven knew how long to deliver this message. Perhaps it would have taken one year, or perhaps it would have taken 10 years.

A time flow altered by an Eighteenth Lotus elite was definitely formidable.

The Empress and the others didn’t even try to nod. They were all smart people, so they immediately understood Ling Han’s advice.

To others, this kind of accelerated time flow was of no use. After all, only the time flow for their divine sense was accelerated, while the time flow for their physical body was slowed down. This was much like cultivating under the Reincarnation Tree.

However, it was a different story for Ling Han and co. This was because in reality, they had already reached the Immortal Palace Tier. As such, their physical bodies had already satisfied the cultivation conditions. Right now, they were simply recultivating using the Regulations of the Foreign Realm. It

could be said that they simply needed to cultivate their divine senses.

Thus, sitting on the tree for a day could perhaps allow their divine senses to undergo dozens of years of cultivation. Their cultivation could soar in leaps and bounds.

The four of them immediately shut their eyes, entering a state of cultivation.

Not long ago, they had been in frequent contact with the Origin Magic Cube, which allowed them to gain a great deal of comprehensions. However, they hadn’t yet sorted through these comprehensions in a systematic manner, mainly because they hadn’t had enough time. Now, however, a door had been

opened for them. They had more than enough time to digest these comprehensions.

In any case, if they didn’t cultivate now, what else could they do? The difference in flow of time between their divine senses and their bodies existed, so they couldn’t control their bodies at all.

Ling Han didn’t give this advice to Celestial Maiden Yunhe and the others. They didn’t belong to the same side, so he was already showing great mercy by not killing them. However, these people were either emperor tiers or monarch tiers, so it wasn’t long before they made sense of the situation as well.

Their panic subsided, and they also started to cultivate.

The large tree continued to flow down the river. Several days passed, and the currents finally became gentle again. Everyone’s body shuddered, and they immediately discovered that they had become countless times faster than before.

The flow of time acting on their physical bodies had returned to normal.

Crack!

Dark clouds gathered overhead, bringing with it heavenly tribulation. Moreover, there wasn’t only a single heavenly tribulation. Instead, there were four. They targeted Ling Han, the Empress, Hu Niu, and Bewitching Maiden Rou.

Their divine senses had cultivated for heaven knew how long, surpassing the barrier to the Dividing Soul Tier. Once their divine senses returned to their bodies, this immediately caused them to break through. As a result, they naturally attracted heavenly tribulation.

This was the end of the underground river, with an expanse of flat land appearing before them. This ground was made up of bare rock, and there wasn’t a single blade of grass.

Ling Han and his three wives hurriedly jumped onto the dry land. They then stood apart as they awaited the arrival of heavenly tribulation. Otherwise, it was possible that they would affect each other’s heavenly tribulation if they stood too close to each other. That would definitely be no fun.

Rumble.

Thunder roared and lightning struck.

Celestial Maiden Yunhe and the others were as envious as could be. They could definitely advance to the Dividing Soul Tier. After all, monarch tiers could at least become Thirteenth Lotus or Fourteenth Lotus Ancestral Kings. However, advancing a major tier after a short boat trip? This was truly

something to be jealous of.

However, didn’t one need to go to a designated location to break through to the Seventh Lotus? How were those four naturally advancing to this level?

Perhaps... they had severed their cultivation to recultivate? There was no other explanation.

Even though this guess wasn’t entirely correct, this was essentially the situation. It was just that Ling Han and the others hadn’t severed their cultivation. Instead, they had only dispersed the power of heaven and earth that belonged to the Celestial Realm in order to conceal themselves.

A day passed, and the tribulation clouds finally dispersed. However, before the others could even speak, heavenly tribulation befell again. There were four again, one for each person.

Their comprehension of the Regulations of the Foreign Realm far exceeded the First Leaf of the Seventh Lotus. Thus, their cultivation was rapidly rising level after level. Right now, they were facing a tribulation for the Second Leaf of the Seventh Lotus.

One day passed, and the tribulation clouds dispersed again.

The others were just about to speak, yet they were cut off by a loud rumble again. This was the third heavenly tribulation.

“F*ck! Again?!”

They were all rendered speechless. They were now convinced that these four people had definitely severed their cultivation to recultivate. Otherwise, how could such freaks exist in this world? Moreover, it was four of them in the same place.

One day passed, and the third wave of tribulation clouds dispersed.

This time, Bewitching Maiden Rou finally walked toward the others. The strength of her divine sense once again matched her cultivation. Thus, she naturally wouldn’t face another heavenly tribulation.

Everyone breathed a sigh of relief. It had finally come to an end. They had truly been shocked to death.

However, thunder rolled over again.

There was actually a fourth wave!

This time, the three heavenly tribulations targeted Ling Han, the Empress, and Hu Niu.

When this wave of heavenly tribulation concluded, there was finally no further gathering of dark clouds.

The Empress and Hu Niu naturally reached the Fourth Leaf of the Seventh Lotus. Meanwhile, Ling Han reached the Ninth Leaf of the Seventh Lotus. However, the last five leaves were gathered together, so others wouldn’t be able to notice them at all.

“You guys... are far too terrifying!” Celestial Maiden Yunhe stammered. Even if they were recultivating after severing their cultivation, this was still far too incredible.

Ling Han smiled faintly. Right now, his cultivation had already returned to the ninth divided soul. When in the Celestial Realm, he had already possessed a battle prowess that could rival those at the Second Secret of the Immortal Palace Tier. Now that he had used the Regulations of the Foreign Realm to

perfect his cultivation, his battle prowess naturally rose by another level. He could now challenge those at the Third Secret of the Immortal Palace Tier.

This was deeply astonishing.

Ling Han shook himself slightly, causing his suit of armor to clatter to the ground. His cultivation level was far superior to before, so these pieces of armor were completely useless to him now.

“Let’s continue forward,” he said. He was extremely interested in the Ancestral King Bones. He definitely had to obtain them for Hu Niu and the Empress.

As for Bewitching Maiden Rou... He could forget about that. Initially, she had only possessed the talent to become a king tier. Thanks to the Heavenly Dao Jade, she had managed to become an emperor tier. Then, thanks to the Hundred Fruits Tree, she had been lucky enough to become a monarch tier.

However, this had already consumed all of her potential. It was impossible for her to become a monarch star.

After all, there were only 100 or so monarch stars even in the Foreign Realm.

Everyone followed after Ling Han. Meanwhile, Ling Han retrieved his Divine Demon Sword. Since he was at the Ninth Leaf of the Seventh Lotus, he naturally needed to raise the level of the Divine Demon Sword.

The ground was extremely uneven, rising and falling all over the place. The atmosphere was also extremely dark and gloomy, and it was also harrowingly quiet. The sound of their footsteps was extremely crisp and clear.

Tap, tap, tap.

Their footsteps reverberated throughout the surroundings, with some sounding close, and some sounding distant. However, these sounds were mixed together and hard to discern, so it was as if dozens or even hundreds of people were walking together.

“Something’s not right!” Hu Niu suddenly exclaimed. She stopped in her tracks, and used her dainty nose to sniff the surroundings. She also bared her two canines.

Ling Han and the others also stopped. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Tap, tap, tap.

The echoes continued. However, since they had already stopped, these echoes also gradually died down. However, a single set of footsteps continued to persistently echo.

Everyone was astonished. They had already stopped, so whom did these footsteps belong to?

They carefully analyzed this sound. In the end, they turned their gazes toward the darkness to their left.

Tap, tap, tap.

The footsteps drew closer and closer. This also caused them to grow increasingly tense and anxious.

These footsteps were slow, but they were also extremely steady. After an entire 30 minutes, they finally saw a streak of light appearing.

“Huh?”

“ant”

“Hmm

Everyone was astonished by what they saw. This was a glowing metallic person only one meter tall. It only possessed a simple humanoid shape, and it didn’t have any hands or feet.

“So adorable!” Celestial Maiden Yunhe and Bewitching Maiden Rou exclaimed..