Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2301 Slaying Baoyu Jianying

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

What was Baoyu Jianying’s cultivation?

He was at the First Leaf of the Eighth Lotus!

He had reached a level of perfection in the Severing Mundane Tier, and he had also come across great fortune while at the Dividing Soul Tier, once ingesting a celestial fruit. That fruit had been produced by a Celestial

medicine that had absorbed the blood essence of an Eighteenth Lotus Ancestral King. Its effects were astonishing, and it helped him cultivate a fifth divided soul.

Thus, while he was a cultivator at the First Leaf of the Eighth Lotus, his battle prowess was far superior to that of monarch tiers at the same cultivation level. This was also an important reason as to why he had been

able to survive the pursuit of the holy deer.

However, Ling Han had severed his arm with a single slash!

This sword was indeed razor-sharp, rendering his defenses useless. More importantly, however, Ling Han’s battle prowess had risen several fold compared to before. Otherwise, he was no fool, and he already knew

that Ling Han possessed an ancestral weapon.

Ling Han grinned, and said, “I was bullied by you before, so now it’s my turn to bully you back.”

Baoyu Jianying felt numb in the head. How many days had passed? Moreover, even though the underground river accelerated the flow of time, acting much like a Time Cultivation Chamber, this effect only targeted the

divine sense. One’s physical body wouldn’t undergo much change.

However, this had allowed a cultivator at the Fifth Leaf of the Sixth Lotus to become so powerful?

“You’re not at the Sixth Lotus!” he finally exclaimed in astonishment.

Ling Han smiled in reply. He practiced the Heaven Deceiving Technique, so he could naturally show people any cultivation level that he wanted. As long as he didn’t reveal the lotus on his head, who would know what

cultivation level he was at?

He had no intentions of satisfying his opponent’s curiosity. He simply flicked his sword with killing intent.

Baoyu Jianying couldn’t help but shudder. He had an ominous feeling, and he said, “You severed your cultivation to recultivate?”

He refused to believe that Ling Han was still at the Sixth Lotus. Instead, he was convinced that Ling Han was at the Ninth Leaf of the Seventh Lotus or even at the Eighth Lotus. Otherwise, how could a measly Sixth

Lotus cultivator sever the arm of an Eighth Lotus cultivator? That was simply preposterous.

However, if Ling Han had severed his cultivation to recultivate, he naturally didn’t need to enter any mystery realm. Moreover, his sharp rise in power could be explained by successfully breaking through thanks to the

acceleration of time in the underground river.

“Ah, so you’re not completely stupid,” Ling Han said with a chuckle. He dashed forward, and the Divine Demon Sword gleamed with an icy-cold light that illuminated this dark and gloomy land.

Baoyu Jianying gritted his teeth before instantly turning around to flee.

He didn’t dare to battle against Ling Han. An agonizing pain traveled over from his armless shoulder, and there was more so a terrifying power that continued to gnaw at his wound, preventing it from healing.

Otherwise, it would have been extremely easy for an Eighth Lotus elite to regrow an arm.

Ling Han unleashed his Void Space as he gave pursuit.

Weng!

He separated into tens of thousands of bodies, and there was nowhere where he didn’t exist.

Following his explosive rise in cultivation, his grasp of the Void Space also became far better than before. Moreover, this was also helped by the fact that he had perfected his cultivation using the Regulations from two

realms. As such, his mastery of this technique was far superior compared to when he had been at the ninth divided soul in the Celestial Realm.

Ling Han roared as he brandished his Divine Demon Sword, forcefully suppressing his opponent.

Baoyu Jianying didn’t dare to face his attacks at all. After all, that was an ancestral weapon! Even if it only possessed the sharpness of an ancestral weapon, it was still unbelievably terrifying! Just a casual burst of Sword

Qi could easily cut his skin and separate his flesh.

He unleashed his full power, for nothing but to escape.

n any case, there were still Ninth Lotus elites in the Baoyu Clan. He would let them deal with Ling Han. Right now, his only wish was to flee from this place.

“If I let you escape, I’ll write my name backward!” Ling Han said in a baleful voice. He was already filled with killing intent.

His opponent was a cruel and ruthless demon, and this reminded him of those who had suffered a miserable death trying to defend the Celestial Realm from invasion. This also reminded him of the Karmic Life

Heavenly Venerable, who had sacrificed himself in order to destabilize the connection point between the two realms. He was now dripping with killing intent.

“Kill, kill, kill!”

Ling Han was merciless, and he was intent on killing this evil demon.

Baoyu Jianying was filled with despair. He was struck several more times by Ling Han’s sword. Even though he could forcefully suppress his wounds, he discovered that he was already on the brink of death. It was only

by relying on his blood essence as an Eighth Lotus elite that he was able to hang on. Once his blood essence was exhausted, he would instantly die.

He glared at Ling Han, and his limitless resentment gathered with no bounds. With a deep roar, he lunged at Ling Han, and unleashed his most powerful attack.

However, it was a shame that he had already used his trump card before. Otherwise, he would have still had an opportunity to challenge Ling Han.

Pu!

A head flew into the sky, and Baoyu Jianying’s headless body stumbled around for a brief moment. His life force instantly vanished, and it wasn’t long before he collapsed to the ground with a heavy thud.

Rumble...

Coincidentally, his head rolled before Ling Han. His eyes were still wide open with vexation.

Who could believe that an Eighth Lotus monarch tier had actually died at the hands of a measly “Sixth Lotus”?

Celestial Maiden Yunhe and the others were filled with respect and reverence. Ling Han’s formidable power instilled a sense of indescribable apprehension and admiration within them. They had initially thought that Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

after returning, those like You Yuan and Wu Ya would be able to suppress Ling Han with ease. Now, however, they didn’t think this at all.

Ling Han quickly retrieved the Spatial God Tools from Baoyu Jianying’s corpse. He naturally wouldn’t share these spoils with the others.

‘Very nice. The wealth of Eighth Lotus elites is indeed quite astonishing.’

He smiled, and said, “Let’s go.”

Everyone was numb as they followed after Ling Han. In fact, they wouldn’t be surprised even if he advanced to the Eleventh Leaf of the Eighth Lotus at this moment. Perhaps Ling Han was an Ancestral King who had

severed his cultivation to recultivate?

After walking for a while, they came across another unwanted guest.

This time, it naturally wasn’t a member of the Baoyu Clan. Instead, it was a War Soldier. However, it was three meters tall, and it looked like it was forged from silver. It radiated a silver glow, making it extremely salient

in this dark and gloomy cavern.

It started to shoot rays of red light from its eyes immediately upon detecting them, and these rays of light were filled with overwhelming destructive ability. When they hit the hanging pillars in the cavern, these pillars

would immediately shatter and fall to the ground.

They hurriedly dashed left and right to avoid these attacks. Even though a larger War Soldier wasn’t necessarily more powerful, this War Soldier was indeed several times more powerful than the metallic War Soldier

from before. It was most likely at the Eighth Lotus. As such, they couldn’t face its attacks at all, otherwise they would definitely risk losing their limbs.

Ling Han was very surprised. He had no idea what these rays of red light were.

The destructive ability of pure power of Regulations was limited. After all, the foundation of heaven and earth was Regulations, so only by relying on the power of Regulations could one unleash a powerful battle

prowess. However, he couldn’t detect any power of Regulations from these rays of red light.

If they were composed of pure power, however, even Celestial Kings could only rival those at the Severing Mundane. As such, how could these rays of red light threaten Hu Niu and the others?

As expected of the Dark Inverse Realm, a higher-level dimension. It was filled with all kinds of strange creations.

Ling Han charged forward with his sword.

Crackle...

The reaction speed of the silver War Soldier was extremely high, and it immediately shot two rays of red light at Ling Han. Ling Han hurriedly raised his Divine Demon Sword to block this attack.

Crack!

The rays of red light slammed into the Divine Demon Sword, carrying with them an overwhelming force that yearned to push Ling Han back.

“Humph!” Ling Han stomped his foot, causing it to sink into the ground. His retreat was instantly stopped. A divine light burst from his eyes, and his other foot had already resolutely stepped forward.

The silver War Soldier leaned back slightly, and it was as if the rays of red light were tangible and corporeal. Ling Han had taken a step forward, and this had forced it to take a step backward.

‘It’s scorching”

The rays of red light emitted a devastating temperature as they shone down on the Divine Demon Sword. Even though this wasn’t enough to melt the Divine Demon Sword, it was enough to instill apprehension in Ling

Han’s mind. He definitely didn’t want to be struck by this red light. Otherwise, his physique definitely couldn’t endure it.

At the very least, he couldn’t endure it now. He still needed to raise his mastery of the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll, up until it was equivalent to his current cultivation level..