Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2306  Deal

Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

Ling Han pondered for a moment before handing one scroll to Wally.

Even though they were valuable, they were completely useless to him at this moment. Keeping them would be a waste. As such, he might as well help the Empress and the others increase their strength. Moreover, he still had another scroll, so if it truly came to it, he would still have one to use.

Wally accepted the scroll, and moved it toward his chest. Like flowing liquid, his chest instantly opened up, revealing a cavity. This cavity then enveloped the scroll, after which his chest returned to normal. He returned to the form of an ordinary demon.

"Please wait for a moment," he said.

<nulli>Whoosh!

With a leap, he dashed into the distance. He quickly vanished from sight.

"How long do we have to wait?" Ling Han shouted after him.

Even though Wally had vanished, his voice still floated over, saying, "According to my calculations, this will take 3 years, 5 days, 5 hours, 17 minutes, and 8 seconds."

Sure enough, this was still a Wally-style reply. It was calculated down to the second.

Ling Han had asked him about the notion of hours, minutes, and seconds. These were the units that the Dark Inverse Realm used to calculate time.

He actually needed a whopping three years!

However, Wally had remained here for an exorbitant time that was calculated in epochs. Thus, a span of three years was indeed only a "small wait."

Ling Han and the others weren't willing to waste any time, so they all entered the Black Tower to cultivate under the Reincarnation Tree.

Three years passed by in a flash. Ling Han and the three women exited the Black Tower, only to see Wally walking over from the distance. There was a corpse in each of his hands.

One corpse looked identical to a human's, while the other corpse belonged to an angel. Moreover, the latter was also an indescribably beautiful woman. Even though they were corpses, and even though they were riddled with wounds, they somehow looked like two exquisite pieces of art. They didn't appear frightening at all.

"I've adjusted the flow of Regulations in these two items such that they won't injure those who use them," Wally said as he placed the corpses on the ground.

In his eyes, these two corpses were only items.

Ling Han nodded in understanding. He then turned to Hu Niu and the Empress, and said, "This will decide whether you two can become monarch stars or not."

In fact, it wasn't guaranteed that one would become a monarch star even if they refined Celestial King Bones. Right now, however, this was the best option for them.

Hu Niu and the Empress both nodded in acknowledgment. They each took a corpse, with the Empress choosing the angel and Hu Niu choosing the Celestial King from the Dark Inverse Realm.

They started to extract the essence from these corpses. After 35 epochs, even the corpses of Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings would suffer a huge loss in energy. The only thing that remained was the imprint of Regulations.

Add to that Wally's adjustments, and it was now possible for Dividing Soul Tier cultivators to refine these Ancestral King corpses.

Ling Han couldn't help but feel curious. Back then, how had the Rain Emperor managed to refine the corpse of a Ninth Heaven Celestial King? By the looks of it, his Second Brother possessed heaven-defying fortune.

"How long will they take?" Ling Han asked Wally.

"According to my calculations, she'll take 109 years, with a possible error of two years. She'll take 120 years, with a possible error of three years." Wally pointed at Hu Niu before pointing at the Empress.

In terms of cultivation talent, Hu Niu was still slightly superior.

Ling Han nodded in understanding. He then turned around to look at Bewitching Maiden Rou.

"No need to console me. I understand; I've already exhausted all of my potential." Bewitching Maiden Rou knew what Ling Han wanted to say.

Ling Han smiled in reply. After so many years, even if he didn't love her, he felt affection toward her. Of course, this was friendly affection. Thus, he felt slightly apologetic that Bewitching Maiden Rou was left with nothing.

He started to refine alchemical pills. After all, he had nothing else to do at the moment.

Meanwhile, Liu Yutong and the other women were all cultivating under the Reincarnation Tree. Thanks to Ling Han's alchemical pills, their cultivation all advanced at a rapid pace. It wasn't long before they all advanced to the Second Severance.

In Ling Han's eyes, this was unbelievably slow. In the outside world, however, being able to advance from the First Severance to the Second Severance in a mere several thousand years was quite impressive, regardless of whether it was the Celestial Realm or the Foreign Realm.

In any case, this was inevitable. After all, Ling Han's alchemy abilities were far too heaven-defying.

Right now, he was investigating the alchemy system of the Foreign Realm. In fact, he could already refine Sixth Lotus alchemical pills. Otherwise, the women couldn't have advanced so quickly. He was confident that with a few dozen more millennia, he could once again become a Four-Star Grandmaster.

"Hmm… Wally, do you know any pill recipes?" Ling Han suddenly turned his attention to Wally.

Wally's eyes pulsated slightly, and he said, "My memory crystals contain all knowledge about my realm. However, after being wounded, most of the information has been lost. Fortunately, the pill recipes haven't been lost."

"Can you show me?" Ling Han asked.

"Sure thing. Trade," Wally said in a calm voice.

'F*ck!'

Ling Han pointed at him, and said, "You need 100 to 200 million years to digest the thing in your tummy. Why can't you be more generous and give me some small benefits during this time? I mean, you're not going to lose anything."

Wally remained composed, and said, "No!"

He was a staunch believer in fair exchange. Though he wasn't against receiving some small advantages, how could he make a small loss? Impossible!

However, Ling Han didn't want to give Divine Metal, nor did he want to sacrifice his Divine Demon Sword or trade the other unopenable scroll. Thus, he decided to temporarily abandon this idea. After all, as long as he entered the Dark Inverse Realm, he could naturally obtain pill recipes with ease, no?

Alternatively, if he failed to enter the Dark Inverse Realm, what use would those pill recipes be? The medicines and Regulations of other dimensions would be far too different, so he wouldn't be able to concoct those pills at all.

Ling Han continued to cultivate. After 100 years, he had already neared the peak stage of the ninth divided soul. Moreover, he had already refined his comprehension of the Regulations of the two realms. In other words, he was only a small step away from reaching the Immortal Palace Tier. Moreover, he could take this step at any time. However, Ling Han wanted to perfect his foundations even more, so he was in no hurry to take this step.

Several years passed, and sure enough, Hu Niu was the first to finish her refinement.

<nulli>Crackle!

She stood up, and dark clouds instantly gathered overhead, with arcs of lightning shooting between them.

She was about to break through…

"Stinky heavenly tribulation, come at me! Niu isn't afraid!" the young lady shouted. She resolutely leaped into the sky, actively charging at her heavenly tribulation.

After a day, she completed a huge qualitative transformation, advancing to the Dividing Five Souls. She was on the track to become a monarch star.

Several more years passed, and the Empress also succeeded in refining the corpse of the Ninth Heaven Celestial King.

<nulli>Crackle!

Just like Hu Niu, she also needed to face heavenly tribulation.

One day passed, and she also succeeded in taking that elusive step. It was now possible for her to become a monarch star.

However, this was no reason for conceit. After all, there were many people who managed to reach the Dividing Five Souls, Dividing Six Souls, and Dividing Seven Souls, yet failed to take that final step. Some had failed to obtain sufficient Source Power, while others had been hindered by their lack of talent.

However, the two women had refined the corpses of Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings, so they didn't need to worry about a lack of Source Power. As for their cultivation talent, Ling Han was more so filled with confidence.

"Before we leave, how are we going to deal with these people?" Bewitching Maiden Rou asked. She was referring to Celestial Maiden Yunhe and the other students from the Hundred Battles Academy. Ling Han had continuously suppressed them, so they still had yet to wake up.

"I want to wipe their memories of Wally," Ling Han said. "However, I'm afraid of overdoing it, and wiping too many memories."

"I'll do it," Wally said. During these past 100 or so years, he had silently sat beside them, not urging them or showing any impatience. He had been a picture of calm.

However, this was understandable. He had remained here for dozens of epochs, so what harm was waiting for 100 years?

"You don't want payment?" Ling Han asked with a smile. He knew that Wally was skilled with calculations, and he was also incredibly accurate with his analyses. However, he had a bad habit of only working for payment.

"No," Wally replied. He seemingly didn't notice the teasing nature of Ling Han's question.