Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2310 Detained

Wu Ya moved, while Xun Feng simply stood, hands crossed behind his back. He exuded a terrifying aura that suppressed all of them, especially Mudel.

Meanwhile, Lu Yuanxin looked intently at Ling Han, fear rising in his heart.

Ling Han was actually a Monarch Star!

What kind of concept was this?

Not only did Monarch Stars have battle prowess that far surpassed monarch tiers that were their equal in cultivation level, they were faster at cultivation as well. This meant that Ling Han would be able to catch up with him in cultivation level very soon, and then easily suppress him.

Moreover, as long as Ling Han did not die before that, he would be able to reach as far as Eighteenth Lotus Ancestral King in future.

Just what kind of noble, majestic existence was that?

He very much hoped that Wu Ya would kill Ling Han, and forever get rid of this future problem.

Ling Han humphed coldly, and summoned the Divine Demon Sword. Immediately, a cold light surged into the heavens, strong and severe.

Instantly, Wu Ya withdrew and retreated, not daring to face the sharpness of the Divine Sword head-on.

‘What kind of precious Tool is this? How could it be so powerful!’ He paled in shock. Without even touching it, just feeling the sword light surging from it caused him to shiver all over.

This kind of instinct was accurate. Otherwise, without even being directly struck by the Divine Demon Sword, just the slightest touch by Sword Qi, and he would be losing a few limbs.

Xun Feng’s expression also changed. Ling Han’s battle prowess looked only to be at the Eighth Lotus Second Leaf, or Third Leaf, far from being a match for them. Even a Monarch Star could not possibly defy the heavens. But it was a different story with this sword added into the equation. The aura was too shocking, possessing might to overturn the heavens and earth.

Ling Han stood with his sword, alone and proud. “If you want a battle, I will oblige!” Ling Han stated evenly, his eyes set on Wu Ya, a frightening killing intent emanating from his gaze. Everyone felt their hearts grow numb, feeling the blood boiling in their veins and a strong urge to roar loudly.

Wu Ya remained silent for a while, and then said, “Even with a God Tool, so what? The gap between us is not something that a mere God Tool could make up for at all.”

“If you want to lose any limbs, just come on.” Ling Han crooked a finger at him.

Wu Ya sent out another palm strike, pressing down on Ling Han.

He had spoken very calmly and easily, but the truth was he was extremely wary of the Divine Demon Sword, and did not even dare to close the distance for a battle at close quarters. Instead, with his higher cultivation level, he used Spiritual Power to condense into Regulations, which turned into a colossal palm that descended on Ling Han.

Ling Han brandished his sword in a slash. Shua, this giant hand was split in two, and both halves passed on either side of him, unable to cause even the slightest sliver of damage to him.

‘F***!

Wu Ya frowned deeply. His full-powered blow had actually been so easily resolved by Ling Han. Then, their goal of capturing Ling Han and teaching this brat a good lesson today would be very hard to accomplish. Who would have thought that Ling Han would actually have such a terrifying God Tool?

“Looks like You Yuan will have to act personally.” Xun Feng glanced at Wu Ya, and the two of them communicated this message through divine sense. You Yuan, the strongest elite of the Hundred Battles Academy. Long ago, 1,000,000 years ago, when the 1,000 academies had battled fiercely, he had already been an Eighth Lotus Fourth Leaf. Now that 1,000,000 years had passed, no one knew the exact details of his cultivation level. They only knew that he was increasingly fearful, and even the likes of Xun Feng would not survive a single attack from him.

If he moved, then even if Ling Han possessed a God Tool, it would be useless. The latter would be easily suppressed.

“Let’s go!” Wu Ya declared.

Lu Yuanxin was taken aback. They were going to leave just like that?

They had come so aggressively, wanting to teach Ling Han a lesson, but they had just seen him, and they were going to call a halt? What were they playing around with here? It was all talk, no action. Wouldn’t this just become a joke to others?

But what could he do? Even Wu Ya and Xun Feng had given up.

The three of them turned around, planning to leave.

“Wait!” Mudel spoke up. “What place do you guys think this is? Somewhere that you can come and go just as you like?”

“Then do you still want to invite us to dinner?” Xun Feng smirked.

Ling Han held a Divine Sword, so they could not suppress him, but if they wanted to leave, how could it be that Ling Han would be able to detain them?

Mudel’s expression was dark. The two greatest elites of their quarters were not here, so it could be said that he was the representative of the Demon Quarters. Yet now such a matter had happened, and it was naturally him that would be feeling the most humiliated.

He knew that he alone could not possibly stop Xun Feng and Wu Ya. It was not doable even with Ling Han added, but the fact that he could not accept even more was these three people would just strut boldly into the Demon Quarters for a roam, and then leave completely unscathed.

“He has to stay!” Mudel said, pointing at Lu Yuanxin.

No matter what, he could not allow the three of them to withdraw completely unscathed. He had to detain at least one of them as an outlet for their fury.

“In your dreams,” Lu Yuanxin sneered. He was also an elite that ranked in the top 10 of the academy. They wanted to detain him? Hehe.

“Is that right?” Ling Han moved while wielding his sword. In a flash, his figure had already appeared in front of Lu Yuanxin. His right hand balled into a fist, and he shot a punch at Lu Yuanxin.

“How dare you!” Wu Ya moved as well, pressing out with his right hand. It turned into a massive mountain, wanting to stop Ling Han. Ling Han had long since been waiting for him. With a wave of his right hand, the Divine Demon Sword swept out in a strike. Shua, that massive mountain formed of Regulations was immediately slashed in two.

In mere terms of destructive power, what could compare to the Divine Demon Sword?

Xun Feng, too, roared in fury, and drew a bow. Though it was very old and damaged, it exuded a chilling aura.

Xiu, he drew the bow and shot out an arrow, but Mudel moved decisively, focusing his full power into a shield that blocked this arrow. It was not able to affect Ling Han.

“You have gone too far!” Lu Yuanxin roared in fury. ‘You faced Wu Ya on one side, and at the same time plan to take me down as well? Just how much are you looking down on me?’ It was not that he had not exchanged blows with Ling Han before. The battle prowess of both sides was almost on par.

He countered strongly, wanting to make Ling Han know just how powerful he could be. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Ling Han used Fists of Fury, and launched a barrage of attacks at Lu Yuanxin.

What was Fists of Fury? Naturally, it was referring to strikes of fury, something related to emotion. If Ling Han was under normal circumstances, he would only be able to release about 70-80 percent of the true might of Fists of Fury, but now someone had an eye on his woman, and had come right to his doorstep to issue threats, so how could he not feel angry?

Boom! Using Fists of Fury, it was as if Ling Han had turned into a great demon from the Primitive Age. Every punch carried supreme dominance. He was also like a crazed demon, and others would feel their hearts shudder and their legs go unsteady just at the sight of him.

Lu Yuanxin was instantly suppressed. This time, Ling Han used his true strength. Multiple Regulations surged out with astonishing might. Both Wu Ya and Xun Feng roared in fury, and wanted to rush forwards to save him. However, one of them was being detained by Mudel, while the other was intimidated by the powerful weapon in Ling Han’s hands, and did not dare to come closer at all. He could only watch helplessly as Lu Yuanxin was beaten down harder and harder.

In merely a few hundred moves, Lu Yuanxin was subdued, and Ling Han held him up like he was holding a chick.

Everyone was stunned. Though everyone knew that a Monarch Star was stronger than a monarch tier, there was still a major tier between the two of them, after all. No matter what, the two of them should have had an equal share of the limelight.

How could they have known that Ling Han’s Evolution Index had reached 10.9, whereas ordinary Monarch Stars were at 10. This meant that he was close to leaping out of the threshold of Monarch Stars. How could he not be strong?

Both Wu Ya and Xun Feng stopped. Now that Lu Yuanxin had fallen into Ling Han’s hands, there was no meaning for them to continue fighting

They both had ugly expressions. Though they themselves were completely fine, the three of them had entered the Demon Quarters together, and only two of them left in the end. If this spread out, it would naturally be a great humiliation.

And all this was because of Ling Han.

As expected of a Monarch Star. He was really too terrifying. If he was to break through to Eighth Lotus, he would definitely be qualified to become a threat to You Yuan.

“Let’s go!” Neither Wu Ya nor Xun Feng stayed and continued to fight zealously. Now that things had reached this point, they might as well leave resolutely and decisively to prevent further humiliation.