Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2311 Great misfortune

The moment Wu Ya and Xun Feng left, the Demon Quarters exploded with thunderous cheers.

They had actually chased off two of the elites ranked in the top 10 of the academy. Furthermore, they had been forced to leave behind one of their companions. This combat achievement was extremely shocking.

Everyone’s eyes were focused on Ling Han. It was he, armed with a single sword, that had won back the pride of the Demon Quarters, and had raised their reputation to a new height at that.

“Ba!”

“Ba!”

“Ba!”

Everyone shouted hoarsely, as if they wanted to shout out their hearts, and only then could they express the excitement that was presently in their hearts.

As for Mudel, they had ignored him completely. What they needed now was a hero.

Ling Han smirked faintly, and tossed Lu Yuanxin over. Pa, this guy instantly fell onto the ground.

“Come, if you have a grudge with him, get your revenge.” Ling Han was very devious. He grabbed the member of the Demon Race that had consecutively been struck with 12 swords and forced to expose his bottom in the aftermath.

This guy had long since passed out cold. Ling Han stretched out a hand and pressed down. Regulations of Wood surged out, and the 12 golden swords that were still stabbed into his body immediately disappeared. Furthermore, his injuries were also recovering at a visible rate.

He slowly regained consciousness. When he saw his fellow companions around him, his heart calmed. However, he immediately felt coolness on a specific spot on his body. Instantly, his expression changed drastically.

He secretly stretched out his hand and touched it. When his hand came into contact with bare skin, his face was immediately ashen.

Oh no, he had actually exposed his bottom in full public. Now, he really had no face to show himself.

Ling Han laughed, patted his shoulder, and said, “I’ll tell you some good news. Your a*s is still completely untouched and fine.”

That demon’s expression was resentful. If it were not Ling Han that had repeatedly used him as a scapegoat, why would he have been struck so many times, and passed out in his pain? If he had not passed out, how could he have possibly exposed his bottom?

The others laughed raucously. In the first place, there was countless internal strife among the Demon Race, so they would naturally be unconcerned about this person’s pride. They revered elites, and Ling Han was the hero in their hearts. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

“Come, we won’t leave any overnight grudges.” Ling Han helped him up, and then pointed at Lu Yuanxin, who was lying on the ground. Ling Han had long since knocked him out.

The demon instantly seethed in fury.

He was definitely no idiot. When he saw that only one of the Angel Race, Lu Yuanxin, was left here, he could more or less guess what had happened. Hence, if he was to vent his fury and resentment on Lu Yuanxin, he would never dare to actually do so.

But how could he not avenge this grudge? He had been forced to expose his bottom in public!

Moreover, if he could stomp a few times on one of the top 10 elites of the academy, Lu Yuanxin, what kind of great honor would that be? It was enough to make up for the humiliation he had suffered by exposing his bottom. In any case, the Angel and Demon Race had never been on good terms. Even if he really caused any great trouble, wouldn’t there still be someone stronger than him to hold down the fort?

His malicious intent stoked his courage. Immediately, he raised his foot, and stomped on Lu Yuanxin’s face.

Ling Han smiled inwardly. With a thought, the power of Regulation that had locked Lu Yuanxin instantly subsided like seawater.

Lu Yuanxin immediately came back to his senses. At first, he was still dazed, but when he opened his eyes, he then saw a massive bull’s hoof stomping down on his face. Instinctively, he shouted lightly as he shot up in a leap while sending out a harsh attack. Peng, that unfortunate demon was instantly sent flying. If it were not Ling Han stretching out his hand to block some of the impact, he would probably have been killed.

It was not because Ling Han had suddenly become kind, but rather that the matter would become serious if someone died, and if the academy pursued the matter, it would be hard for him to come out clean as well.

“F***!” That demon released a roar of indignant fury, looking plaintively at Lu Yuanxin. Then, he very decisively closed his eyes, and he had once again passed out.

Everyone was speechless. To be unfortunate to this extent, this guy was probably setting a record.

Meanwhile, Ling Han pretended to be furious. “You actually dare to cause further injury, brothers, beat him up!”

“Beat him up!” All the members of the Demon Race were also furious. They all rushed forwards, pouring out punches and kicks all on Lu Yuanxin.

Though Ling Han had dispelled the control over Lu Yuanxin, he had still left behind a power of suppression so that the other could only release a ten-thousandth of his original battle prowess, and this had dragged his battle prowess to the level of Seventh Lotus.

Just how many Seventh Lotus demons were there here? Furthermore, there was no lack of monarch tiers and emperor tiers among them. With every single person sending out a strike, even if Lu Yuanxin was a monarch tier, so what? He was still beaten to the point of wailing in pain.

The more he called out, the more excited the masses became.

1

Because You Yuan had emerged from the Angel Quarters, this also led to the Angel Quarters taking the lion’s share of resources among the four quarters. Usually, no matter how arrogant the members of the Angel Quarters were, so what? Who would dare make enemies of them? Just like how Xun Feng and his group had actually barged into the Demon Quarters this time. If it were not for Ling Han showing his might, they would still have been able to retreat completely unscathed.

This was the intimidation of You Yuan.

And now with Ling Han leading them, it had completely drummed up the military morale of the Demon Race. Perhaps, everyone had suppressed their fury for too long, which resulted in this great explosion, and Lu Yuanxin had thus become their punching bag.

Peng, peng, peng. All of them were extremely violent, almost beating Lu Yuanxin to death.

In just a short while, Lu Yuanxin had been beaten to practically his last breath. If it were not for Mudel holding them back firmly, he could have even been beaten to death.

Ling Han chuckled, and quietly left, hiding his name and credit.

However, this matter had also caused a great commotion. Who would have thought that the Demon Quarters would actually explode, and dare to capture a resident of the Angel Quarters and beat him up? Furthermore, there was actually an extremely furious member of the Demon Quarters that had a*s-raped Lu Yuanxin with a metal rod.

…It was unknown whether this was fact or fiction, but after Lu Yuanxin was sent back, he kept holding his behind every time he walked for the next few days, so many people believed that this was true.

And the man that had caused the Demon Quarters to explode was a miracle. When he first entered the academy, he was only a Sixth Lotus Fifth Leaf. There was a clear assessment record for this, and in just over 100 years, he had reached the height of Seventh Lotus Ninth Leaf. This was too shocking.

This man’s name was Ba!

A very flashy name, which was also a mockery of the masses at the same time. Who knew how many people had fallen for it, and had gained another father suddenly out of nowhere.

Meanwhile, Lu Yuanxin had become a laughing stock. As one of the 10 greatest elites of the academy, he had actually been beaten black and blue, and even been a*s-raped. In the future, he would definitely be unable to face others.

However, was the Angel Quarters so easily trifled with?

They did not just have You Yuan!

As expected, just two days later, the Angel Quarters had announced that Ling Han was to immediately kneel with every step of the journey to the Angel Quarters to make a personal apology. Otherwise, You Yuan would move personally, grab Ling Han out of the Demon Quarters, and publicly punish him.

Ling Han did not know this at all. He called Wally over, and asked this guy to help him analyze and calculate to find every little problem in his dao foundation, and then he was to make corrections.

After this was done, he went to break through to the Immortal Palace Tier.

Why was Wally suddenly willing to help?

Of course, it was not because he had suddenly grown a conscience, but rather because Ling Han had issued him a debt note in exchange for this.

And why would Wally agree?

Ling Han said that he would give Wally Divine Metal as pay, but it was not now. Instead, it would be owed first because he only had some Divine Metal in his possession. Moreover, Wally was still earnestly refining that scroll that could not be opened. In any case, he couldn’t do anything else in the next 200,000,000 years, either, so what was wrong with just owing him for now?

In short, Ling Han spoke very glibly, convincing Wally into agreeing to help first, and then ask for payment later.