Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2313 Switched

It was not that Ling Han did not trust Wally. This guy believed in equal exchange, and definitely could be trusted. However, if he took the Origin Magic Cube, it would be like the scroll as well, just stuffing it somewhere into his robes and slowly refining it -going by his words, this was an analysis of some kind of energy composition and a decoding of its formula and module. Then, he would be able to extract the power of heaven and earth himself to fuse it.

Ling Han understood it, but had absolutely no concept about it.

What formula and module? So what if he knew it?

“The formula and module can be considered the equivalent of your cultivation technique,” Wally explained. “However, the cultivation technique teaches you how to use the Regulations, while the formula and module are decrypting the power of heaven and earth so that you can channel the Source Power of a Genesis World. Do you understand now?”

“No.” Ling Han shook his head.

“Then I will explain it to you again.” Wally was astonishingly patient. Because he had accepted Ling Han’s debtor’s note, he thought that he had the duty to guide Ling Han.

Ling Han was getting a headache. “What I want you to do is to calculate the deficiencies I have had in my path of cultivation, and not try and impress me.”

He knew that this magic soup should be a key to helping him walk towards a path of greater strength, but he really could not understand at present[1]. Hence, he chose the more direct route, and that was to increase his battle prowess first before all else.

When he had reached a certain level, he would naturally be able to understand.

Wally nodded, and continued to analyze the detailed problems about his cultivation for Ling Han.

He had entered into a high-level dimension, and had already leaped from the Regulations themselves to the power of heaven and earth in his understanding of power. From a certain aspect, he was a Heavenly Venerate, and a Heavenly Venerate of a high-level dimension at that.

This was extremely helpful for Ling Han. He was practically re-cultivating with the Regulations of a high-level dimension.

“Your Evolution Index has actually improved slightly in such a short period of time.” Wally appeared disbelieving. “You are extraordinary.”

“I know.” Ling Han was utterly shameless, and directly accepted this compliment.

If it was the Empress, Bewitching Maiden Rou, and the others, they would probably laugh at Ling Han for being shameless, but Wally was merely telling the truth as it was. His expression was unchanging and the tone completely serious.

Wally was definitely a responsible teacher. He pointed out the problems to Ling Han one after another detailedly with incredible patience. Even if Ling Han asked seven or eight times consecutively because he did not fully understand a problem, Wally’s emotions would not change in the slightest.

A chill suddenly rose up in Ling Han. If Wally decided to become a great villain, with his terrifying ability of calculation and estimation, added with his calmness and patience, just what kind of frightening consequences could it cause?

No wonder they had needed several hundred epochs just to produce one of him. If he could be mass-produced, that would be a calamity to all the other realms.

Time passed swiftly. It had long since passed the time that You Yuan had determined, but the residents of the Angel Quarters seemed to have completely forgotten this matter. No one actually jumped out to make any complaints.

Only later was it discovered that You Yuan had also gone to where Ling Han and the others had previously gone. He had probably been trapped there, and could not come out for the moment, and that was why he had not had the time to cause trouble for Ling Han.

Originally, Ling Han had not been concerned. He had been cultivating inside the Black Tower all this while, and would occasionally ask Wally for advice. Just a year later, he had broken through to the Immortal Palace Tier.

…He had modified the pill recipe for the Thousand Year Dream Pill so that the medicinal ingredients of the Foreign Realm could also be used.

He became incredibly low-key. A few decades later, the Empress and Hu Niu both reached Dividing Nine Souls, and Bewitching Maiden Rou was the first to advance into the Immortal Palace Tier. That was because she had originally been in this cultivation level, so her speed was naturally high.

Another 100 years passed, and Ling Han had finally reached the Second Secret again.

It seemed like more than 10,000 years had been wasted. Walking a large circle, his cultivation level was still the same as when he had fled from the Celestial Realm. However, if he were to return to the Celestial Realm, his battle prowess would be multiplied by tenfold, at least.

“If it is now, in a battle of equals, Ji Wuming should no longer be my match.” Ling Han suddenly felt a profound despondency. Having a strong rival that he could contend with, or even someone stronger than himself, so that he could chase after him was actually a kind of motivation.

“However, Ji Wuming is a reincarnated Ninth Heaven Celestial King. In the past, he was practically an invincible existence. Reincarnating and cultivating again from the beginning, he should not be so simple, either. “I still have several tens of billions of years before I can return to the Celestial Realm. Who knows, maybe he will have already become a Heavenly Venerate by then. “I really want to spar with him.”

The high-speed spiking period of his cultivation level was over because his cultivation level finally completely corresponded to his actual cultivation level. There was no way he could just depend on comprehension of Regulations to directly increase his cultivation level, but rather had to do so both physically and spiritually. This could not be rushed. Without genuine natural treasures, he might only be able to advance to the next minor level every 100,000,000 years.

Because he also needed physical cultivation, he frequently used the Time Cultivation Chamber of the academy. The highest rate of time acceleration was 1000x, and the academy was wide open for a Monarch Star like him, with no conditions attached.

Several more years later, news spread out. You Yuan had finally come out of that realm, and the next Thousand Academy Tournament was also about to begin. The academy would be holding selections for elites that would participate in this major event.

You Yuan would definitely be going, and there was only 10 for the total number, which meant that there were only nine positions that could be contended for. “Is You Yuan finally about to return?” Ling Han smiled faintly. He had long since wanted to have a battle with this Monarch Star. The latter actually dared to have thoughts about the Empress. Just see how Ling Han would deal with him.

The academy decided that a contest to select the nine representatives would be held three days later.

For Ling Han, the good news was that the Empress and Hu Niu had also returned to the Immortal Palace Tier, and had even surpassed him once more in cultivation level, reaching the height of Fifth Secret.

In other words, everyone’s cultivation level had finally returned to their starting line.

Three days passed, and selections began.

Because those that had reached the Immortal Palace Tier, or Eighth Lotus, were naturally considered seeded candidates, and had no need to join the preliminary selections, Ling Han, the Empress, Hu Niu, and Bewitching Maiden Rou had all automatically advanced to the next round.

In truth, aside from Monarch Stars, who could match Immortal Palace Tier when they themselves were only Dividing Soul Tier?

Thus, as long as the number of Immortal Palace Tiers exceeded nine, the others would naturally have no interest in participating.

In the final rounds, aside from Ling Han and his group, it was Xun Feng and Wu Ya from the Angel Quarters; Mudel, Anju, and Mogufi from the Demon Quarters; a yellow bull and a snow leopard represented the Holy Beasts; and the Insect Race sent a giant bee.

As for Lu Yuanxin, because he could not bring himself to face the public, it was natural that he could not participate.

There were a total of 12 people, and only three would be eliminated.

Every single person had to fight 11 matches. The three people who had won the least number of matches would be eliminated, while the others would enter the final name list of participation. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

The battles began. Because they were all monarch tiers, aside from Ling Han, the battle prowess of those at equal cultivation levels was practically the same. Thus, the cultivation level had become especially important. After two days of battles, the snow leopard, the bee, and Mudel were eliminated, while the others successfully advanced.

However, only a single day later, the academy suddenly released an announcement, announcing that Ling Han’s place was removed, and Lu Yuanxin would be going in his stead.

When this news was out, the masses immediately erupted in an uproar.

How could that be allowed?

If the academy would be appointing who would be participating, then what need was there for the selection battles?

Very soon, some well-informed sources revealed the truth. As it turned out, You Yuan had exerted pressure on the academy, saying that if Ling Han was not withdrawn, he would not be participating in the Thousand Academy Tournament this time.

Though Ling Han was also a Monarch Star, and had boundless future prospects, and would definitely become a brilliant star of the academy as well, how could he possibly be as important as You Yuan now?

Thus, he had been switched. [1] * 3 is literally soup of enchantment, and can be understood as a figurative potion to make you forget other things, but in this case, MC is only dazed.