Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2317 Roasted wing

Ling Han’s eyes narrowed slightly. “Regulation of Slaughter!”

“Good that you know!” You Yuan said proudly. He had been able to cultivate until Dividing Nine Souls because he had obtained a Source Power of heaven and earth, as well as eight different incomparable natural treasures. The sole Source Power of heaven and earth was the Regulation of Slaughter.

He had never shown it before. Everyone thought that he had only cultivated the Regulations of Light, and he had originally intended to leave this trump card to be used in the Thousand Academy Tournament.

… In the last Thousand Academy Tournament, he had only been at the Fourth Leaf, and had not obtained this Source Power of heaven and earth yet.

The fact that he had gained a Source Power of heaven and earth meant that he had heaven-defyingly good luck. This was something that even a great many Ancestral Kings would covet, and was also another reason why he had hidden it all this time.

Yet now, he could not hold himself back.

Ling Han crooked a finger. “Come!” “I shall oblige!” You Yuan’s figure charged out. With a roar, the Regulation of Slaughter manifested into a long spear, as red as if it was dyed in blood.

Boom, the spear shot out like lightning, intending to stab Ling Han to death.

Ling Han still used the Regulations of Lightning, and used the Fists of Fury, meeting You Yuan’s attack.

In a battle of equals, whom had he ever feared?

Peng! Peng! Peng! The two great prodigies traded blows. You Yuan only parried a few strikes, and his expression changed drastically. That was because every punch he parried from Ling Han would cause his whole body to shudder and feel an indescribable discomfort.

He could not believe it.

Actually, he had not just cultivated the two Regulations of Slaughter and Light, but had touched on every kind of Regulation. However, he had focused on these two Regulations, and merely touched lightly on the rest. He had not studied them too deeply or thoroughly. But this did not prevent him from having a vague understanding of every kind of great dao. The attack of Regulations that Ling Han was presently delivering was definitely not ordinary.

It was too powerful, surpassing the extent that a Second Leaf should have.

…As expected of a Monarch Star. He had very good senses. That was because the Regulation of Lightning that Ling Han was presently channeling was indeed stronger. It had assimilated the Regulations of two realms.

However, what use was it even if he had good instincts? You Yuan was still being suppressed by Ling Han, and had completely fallen into a disadvantage.

Everyone was numb with shock, rendered completely incapable of speech.

They knew that Ling Han was also a Monarch Star, but shouldn’t it be a match of equals for two Monarch Stars to clash in a battle of equal cultivation levels? However, the present situation was completely one-sided. It was extremely clear that You Yuan was at a disadvantage, and could only manage to parry.

This was more like the crushing advantage that a Monarch Star had over a monarch tier.

Why was it like this? Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

They naturally did not know that Ling Han’s Evolution Index was endlessly close to 11. What kind of concept was this? It meant that he was practically another level stronger than any ordinary Monarch Star, and that was indeed equivalent to the suppression that Monarch Stars had over monarch tiers.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Fists of Fury shot out in a barrage, and You Yuan’s expression became uglier and uglier. He used all the means he had and whatever ultimate moves that he knew, but he was ultimately still completely suppressed by Ling Han.

The limit of 100 moves was close at hand, and he could no longer hold on anymore.

You Yuan’s eyes were bloodshot. He could not accept losing to another in a battle of equals, and it was within 100 moves at that.

“Die!” he roared in fury, and the lotus flower on his forehead instantly grew eight leaves.

He had released his suppression on his cultivation level, and regained his full battle prowess.

Boom, his battle prowess instantly exploded. Slicing out a palm, his strike directly ripped through space, capable of instantly slicing Ling Han into pieces.

Ling Han humphed coldly, and had already drawn the Divine Demon Sword, sweeping it out in a sideways slice.

Pu, You Yuan’s left wing instantly flew into the air, the light of blood filling the skies, as if the heavens itself were weeping in grief.

“Ah!” You Yuan stepped back continuously while showing an expression of incredible agony, his only remaining wing flapping frantically. So what if he had exploded? Don’t forget that Ling Han had a powerful weapon. It was because he could not hold up to the might of the Divine Demon Sword that he was compelled to agree to a battle of equals with Ling Han. In his utter fury, he initially wanted to launch an unexpected attack on Ling Han, yet did not expect that Ling Han had been on guard against him all this while. As a result, it was instead his wing that had been severed.

He lost.

You Yuan lost!

Did this mean that the world was about to change completely?

This Ba was too frightening, wasn’t he? In a battle of equals, he only needed around 100 moves to defeat You Yuan; he was too indescribably freakish

In the future, the world was Ba’s, the era of Ba. You Yuan’s fury could not be stemmed. His true strength was superior to Ling Han’s by who knew how many times over, yet because the latter had a God Tool, he was completely helpless, and in a battle of equals, he actually was no match for Ling Han, either, which made him feel a strong feeling of helplessness.

This made him think back to those supreme freaks that he had encountered in the last Thousand Academy Tournament; they had also caused this feeling of helplessness to rise up in him.

“No one making any more noise, right?” Ling Han asked, smiling. Flopping down onto the ground, he took out a barbeque grill, and then picked up the severed wing of You Yuan. After plucking all the feathers, and using clean water to wash away the traces of blood and dust, he placed it on the barbeque grill.

This… Everyone grimaced.

That was You Yuan’s wing. The majority of essence of the Angel Race was concentrated in their two wings. To others, this was indeed a great nutritious tonic, yet you actually grilled it in public. This was too unreasonable, wasn’t it?

Hu Niu and the other women chuckled, and naturally joined immediately. The four of them sat at a corner respectively, and were just waiting for the wing to be completely cooked. This caused the residents of the Angel Quarters to burst with fury. The Insect Race and Holy Beasts were stunned, while the Demon Race exploded with raucous cheers.

They exulted! After bearing for so many years, a supreme prodigy had finally emerged from the Demon Quarters, capable of stomping all over even You Yuan.

You Yuan stared daggers at Ling Han. There were two options available to him if he wanted to defeat this opponent.

Firstly, he could get himself a supreme weapon as well, one that could compare to the Divine Demon Sword. Secondly, he could advance further, and cultivate the Eleventh Secret. In that manner, his strength would leap into the Ascending Origin Tier. Then, even if it was a punch delivered from a distance, he would be able to smash Ling Han into mush.

Comparing the two options, it was naturally the latter that would be more easily realized.

With a wave of his hand, he turned and left. Even if he stayed, it would only add to his grief. How could it be that he would be admiring these people chew on his own wing?

With You Yuan’s departure, the residents of the Angel Quarters, too, could not bring themselves to stay longer, and similarly returned to their own homes in dejection.

This was clearly the Angel Quarters, yet it had become Ling Han’s barbeque spot, and the others were all speechless from this.

“So aromatic!” Hu Niu salivated. This was the wing of a Monarch Star. Its nutrition value was not inferior to a Great Herb’s, so she was naturally drooling.

“Ling Han, is it done yet!” she asked delicately.

Ling Han laughed, and replied, “Yes, almost done.”

This wing had already been roasted to golden brown, emanating an alluring aroma. To say nothing of the four of them that were practically drooling, even those angels that had closed their doors were swallowing secretly.

The concentrated essence of a Monarch Star, an extremely nutritious tonic.

After another while, Ling Han took the wing off the barbeque grill. He cut off three parts, which he gave to the three women, and then retained one part. This was to be given to the women inside the Black Tower. Their cultivation level was too low. It was enough for them to eat just a little bit. Otherwise, it would be too much for them, and the excessive nutrition would kill them.

The four of them feasted, and the sounds of many people gulping rang out from around them. This was really too aromatic, too alluring

When they had consumed this great feast, Ling Han patted his behind and stood up, returning to the Demon Quarters.

The whole Demon Quarters had already erupted in uproar. Everyone was looking at him with eyes filled with admiration. If it were not that Ling Han was too aloof, there would be countless people approaching him for sure.

He began to digest the essence inside the roasted meat.

This was equivalent to a greatly nutritious celestial flower. Ling Han spent a whole seven days to finally finish digesting it, and gained the qualifications to break through to the Third Secret.