Chapter 2319 Blood of Ancestral King

Other cities would definitely not be as bustling as this, with so many people that it had become overcrowded. Cultivators of all shapes and sizes could be seen everywhere. There were members of various races, strong and weak, male and female, older and younger.

Everyone was very curious. What exactly had happened here? Why had so many people come here?

They made some inquiries. As it turned out, an auction would soon be held here, and a most precious treasure would be appearing at the auction. It was a bottle of blood from an Ancestral King, and one that had reached Fourteenth Lotus at that.

When they heard this, everyone was extremely stirred up.

Anything that belonged to a Celestial King was a treasure. In truth, he was equivalent to a human-shaped celestial medicine, but no one could “harvest” him. And if one were to ask which part of this human-shaped Great Herb was the most valuable, that would undoubtedly and definitely had to be his blood essence.

What was going on auction this time was only the blood of an Ancestral King, not the blood essence of an Ancestral King. In that case, the effects would be considerably poorer. Otherwise, the auctioneer would have long since advertised it far and wide.

Upon further thought, it was true. With how rare blood essence was, even a Celestial King could not possibly have a lot. It was the concentrated essence of a Celestial King. Furthermore, would a Celestial King sell off one of his body parts? If he wanted money, he would be able to get a countless amount easily.

Hence, it was definite that this blood of an Ancestral King had not been given out by an Ancestral King voluntarily. It had to have either been spilled in a great battle, and someone just happened to pick it up, or it was a dead Ancestral King, and someone harvested it from his corpse. To say nothing of You Yuan and the other Immortal Palace Tiers, even the hearts of those two Ascending Origin Tier elites throbbed wildly, wanting nothing more than to take it for their own.

In any case, there was still a lot of time, and there were not many days until the auction began. Thus, everyone decided to stay a few more days here, and then set out again after the auction was over.

Everyone was rubbing their fists eagerly. They were determined to get this bottle of Ancestral King blood, and quietly did an accounting of their personal wealth to see if it was enough to purchase this portion of Ancestral King blood.

Seeing how many people had come here, it was clear how valuable this bottle of Ancestral King blood would be. By then, the competition would definitely be extremely intense. There were only seven days left until the day of the auction. Thus, they did not rest too many days, and set out, arriving at the auction site.

You Yuan’s longing was greatest. Even if he was a Monarch Star, and there was practically no bottleneck in the advancement of his cultivation, he would still need to accumulate enough power every time he broke through. Now, he needed a very long time to accumulate enough power so that he could store up enough for a timely burst, and rush up to the Eleventh Secret in a single stroke.

A bottle of Ancestral King blood would definitely help him to take this step.

You Yuan glanced at Ling Han unobtrusively. He only needed to take one step further, and he would deal with Ling Han. He would humiliate him in public, and then kill him in secret afterwards, getting rid of this guy that had embarrassed him once and for all.

Wu Ya and Xun Feng were not willing to admit weakness, either. They were still a long way off from Eleventh Secret, but with the help of a bottle of Ancestral King blood, they would definitely be able to see some hope. The others were about the same. Even Yuan’s and Qi Shuang’s eyes were glowing. If they had a large supply of Ancestral King blood, who knew, they might be able to break through and become Ancestral Kings. Though this hope was pitifully small, they still decided to obtain this bottle of Ancestral King blood, even if it meant losing all their fortune.

After a while, they arrived at the auction site.

Wow, even though they had deliberately widened the auction site for the sake of the Ancestral King blood, with four paths of entry in total, there was still a long line of people outside. Who knew how many people were filled with yearning for this bottle of precious blood.

The expressions of those like You Yuan and his group were not very good. They had limited wealth on them; they merely had some Star Stones to help in cultivation and one or two celestial medicines to help in breaking through or to save their lives in a pinch, but it definitely could not be a Great Herb that was the level of the Celestial King Tier.

But others had come prepared, so how could it be easy to defeat these people?

Previously, Ling Han had killed over 100 Ancestral Kings through trickery in the neutral zone, so he naturally possessed astonishing wealth. However, he was not much interested in Ancestral King blood, because though there were some Ancestral Kings that he had killed violently at the time, there were still a great many Ancestral Kings whose bodies had remained unscathed, and he had then stowed them into the Black Tower.

If he wanted Ancestral King blood, there would be a lot. In fact, he had a considerable amount of Ancestral King blood essence as well.

But if he were to directly use the Ancestral King blood, the only possible result that would happen once he drank it would be death.

There was too much power contained within, and the martial intent inside was too strong. It was not something that he presently could bear at all.

If he wanted to consume it, he had to request the help of a supreme elite to help refine the harmful substances contained within. Otherwise, it would only be courting death.

The fact that the Ancestral King blood could be sold meant that the harmful substances within should already have been refined, and it could be directly used.

What Ling Han was interested in was this technique of refining. If he could learn it, that would be equivalent to having obtained an astonishing amount of Celestial King Tier Great Herbs.

He split from the group with an excuse, and did not even have the three women follow him. Instead, he found an isolated corner, and made some alterations to his appearance. He had become a member of the Angel Race, and his aura also changed accordingly. However, he had not cultivated the Regulations of Light, and that would be revealed the moment he started a battle.

... The Angel Race could use the Regulations of Light by nature. Even if their main focus was not this type of Regulations, they would still subconsciously use this Regulation when they fought.

He lined up and entered, and then sent a message to the staff of the auction house.

“You said that you have something incredibly precious to sell?” A while later, an elder appeared. He was an Eighth Lotus elite who was also a member of the Angel Race, but dark gray had already appeared at the tips of his feathered wings.

This was because he had experienced too many instances of Immortal’s Tribulation, and that had already affected his body. With a few more rounds, he should no longer be able to stand here. Instead, he would have boils on his head and pus flowing from underneath his feet, and could die at any moment.

Ling Han nodded. At first, the one who had served him was only a junior worker, but once he showed his cultivation level, and said that he had something important to be put on auction, it became this elder that came to serve him.

“What is it?” the elder asked.

Ling Han took out a jade bottle, and placed it on the table. Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

The elder picked it up, and was just about to open it when he heard Ling Han say, “Be careful.”

He was unconcerned. Could it be that a ferocious beast was contained inside?

With a pa, he uncorked the bottle, and an indescribable murderous aura instantly surged out, and his hand involuntarily trembled. Instantly, the bottle fell onto the ground.

Ling Han moved quickly. Pa, he caught the bottle.

Previously, he had fiddled with the corpses of Ancestral Kings. Though he still could not make direct contact with the body of an Ancestral King, it was fine as long as there was a bottle between them-as long as the opening of the bottle was not facing him directly.

was

Ling Han placed the bottle back on the table, and then smiled faintly.

The elder couldn’t help but look embarrassed. Ling Han had clearly warned him beforehand, yet he had still almost dropped the bottle. Who knew what kind of great loss that would have resulted in if it had really been damaged from the fall.

“This is...” He looked stunned. He only had to probe that violent aura, and he knew that the substance in the bottle was extraordinary.

He looked towards the bottle again, and the expression on his face changed immediately.

As a professional, he immediately entered into work mode, and set aside his previous embarrassment.

“Ancestral King blood!” He paled in shock, and then his expression became strange.

They had only obtained a portion of Ancestral King blood after much difficulty, and now another bottle had appeared at this instance. Wasn’t this too coincidental?

“However, it has not been refined.” He frowned. This would affect the auction price.