Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2321 Refinement technique

When these words fell, at least 99% of the people immediately shook their heads.

Without being refined, how could it be used?

If it was directly consumed, that would be equivalent to having a blow from an Ancestral King directly explode inside one’s body; who could bear that? They could not even touch it physically; the aura of an Ancestral King was too domineering, possessing shocking destructive power.

However, the remaining less than 1% of cultivators looked moved. The competition for unrefined Ancestral King blood would definitely be smaller, and the final price would be far from comparable to that of refined Ancestral King blood. To obtain a practically equivalent treasure with a lower price would naturally spell a great profit.

... They had a grasp of the refinement technique of Ancestral King blood.

“We get it, get started,” someone urged.

“That’s right. Get a move on.”

The auctioneer did not keep them hanging, but rather said, “However, the owner of this portion of Ancestral King blood does not want to auction it off for Star Stones. instead, he would like to trade for the refinement technique of Ancestral King blood.” ‘Hmm?’ Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

A great many people exchanged looks. There was actually someone that wanted to use Ancestral King blood to trade for its refinement technique? Hiss, unless he still had a large amount of Ancestral King blood, who would do such an idiotic thing?

However, Ancestral Kings were practically invincible in this world. Who would be able to keep an Ancestral King in captivity for blood extraction?

Everyone thought this was a strange thing, and felt an indescribable curiosity, wanting to grab the seller and interrogate him. Some people had set their eyes on the auction house instead. They only had to exert some pressure, and the auction house would definitely hand over the seller.

By then... hehe. It could not be helped. This deduction was too astonishing. Actually trading Ancestral King blood for its refinement technique... If it was not that he had an overwhelming amount of Ancestral King blood, who would believe it?

Yet Ling Han did not care what the masses were thinking. In any case, he had used his disguised persona to make the deal, and had utter confidence in the Heaven Deceiving Technique. Furthermore, there would definitely be no Ancestral Kings among those that had come to participate in the auction.

...Would an Ancestral King still need Ancestral King blood?

That was right. There were still differences in quality among Ancestral Kings, but in essence, they were extremely similar. Consuming the blood of another Ancestral King would have practically zero benefit. Otherwise, the level of Ancestral Kings would have long descended into chaos.

Immediately, a great many people communicated in secret with the auctioneer, wanting to use their own refinement technique to trade for the Ancestral King blood, and the auction house presented the effects of the various refinement techniques to Ling Han so that he could study them and make his choice.

Actually, this kind of secret technique was not overly precious, because there was practically no opportunity to refine an Ancestral King’s blood. Whether they had it or not would have completely no effects on the destiny of a clan or force.

Hence, there were many people willing to make the trade. In the eyes of others, the value of a portion of Ancestral King blood was much higher.

Ling Han looked at the introduction of various refinement techniques. They all had obvious pros and cons.

For example, a method with a higher conversion rate would need even more celestial medicines, and after conversion, the cost was actually not low at all, while for a method with lower expenses, the conversion rate was pitifully low. After a portion of Ancestral King blood was refined, only one-third of the original amount would remain.

Ling Han thought for a while, and then decided to choose the technique with a higher conversion rate. He was more willing to sacrifice more celestial medicines. In any case, he had the wealth.

Once he made his choice, that bottle of Ancestral King blood fell into the hands of an elite. That person grabbed the bottle, and said smilingly, “Mr Seller, if you have more Ancestral King blood, you can send me a message. I am staying in the western sector of this town, Royal Horse Inn. I will wait three days for you.”

He did not know who the seller was, so these words were not directed at anyone specific. He was merely talking into empty air.

Ling Han acted as if he had not heard. He had already obtained the refinement technique for Ancestral King blood, so how could he possibly still be handing over any more Ancestral King blood to anyone else?

“Let me see,” Wally said suddenly.

Ling Han handed over the jade piece to him. The refinement technique was stored inside. He had already memorized it, and even if Wally did not return the Memory Crystal to him, he would not be worried, either.

Wally took it, and placed it on his forehead. A while later, he said, “According to my deductions, this technique can be further improved, boosting the conversion rate to 99.97%. Additionally, the ingredients expended could also be decreased by a third.”

Ling Han couldn’t help but feel overjoyed. He did not suspect that Wally was lying at all. This guy had not learnt this skill at all.

“Then, go ahead and get started.”

Wally nodded, and said, “I need 56 hours 39 minutes and 11 seconds.”

After saying this, he closed his eyes. Flashes of light flickered on his body. He had entered calculation mode.

Ling Han waited patiently. Next it would be that refined portion of Ancestral King blood. At first, he had wanted to purchase it, but when he thought of the overwhelming amount of Ancestral King blood he already had, it was truly unwise to compete with these people. It was possible that the price would shoot up 10 times or even higher.

Then what was the point? He did indeed have a lot of money, but it was not so much that he could spend it wastefully.

The competition was intense beyond expectations. Ancestral King blood was really too rare. It was practically equivalent to a Celestial King Tier Great Herb, and its effects were naturally extremely outstanding as well. Thus, this kind of intensity seemed to be logical as well.

Wu Ya, Xun Feng, You Yuan, and the others were all placing bids loudly, as if what they were bidding were not Star Stones, but completely ordinary rocks that had no value.

But there were a great many people that were even more frenzied than them. Very soon, the group had no choice but to withdraw from the competition dejectedly.

“Let us put our money together, and then discuss afterwards how we are to split the Ancestral King blood among us,” You Yuan immediately said.

They began to put their money together, but they had only made three bids, and their wealth was already insufficient.

At this time, they could no longer be concerned about the strife between the Angel and Demon Race, and gathered all their money together. In fact, even Yuan and Qi Shuang took out all their wealth.

But it was still insufficient. By now, everyone had gone crazy.

You Yuan gritted his teeth, and suddenly took out a celestial medicine, and said, “Add this in as well.”

This was a small herb that was only half a foot tall. It was completely jade green in color, as if it was forged from jade itself. Upon a closer look, there were veined patterns on the leaves, but the exact details could not be distinguished at all.

“Ninth-Lotus-level celestial medicine!” Qi Shuang immediately exclaimed. “Jade Dragon Herb, right?”

You Yuan nodded. “This is what the clan has given me to use when I break through to Ninth Lotus, but breaking through to Ninth Lotus is only a small matter for me. Instead, it is the Eleventh Leaf that is the true difficulty.”

If it were not for the sake of breaking through to Eleventh Leaf, he would have broken through to Ninth Lotus long ago. That was because he could take this step at any time from the peak stage of the Fifth Leaf onwards. However, he had great ambitions, and naturally could not be satisfied with mere Sixth Leaf, Seventh Leaf, and the like. Instead, he was determined to attain the Eleventh Leaf.

A Ninth-Lotus-level celestial medicine was naturally valuable, and after negotiation, the seller also agreed to his offer of using the Jade Dragon Herb to cover part of the price. After paying such a great price, this portion of Ancestral King blood finally fell into the hands of You Yuan and his group. ...It was not just him alone, but also included Qi Shuang, Yuan, Xun Feng and the others. All of them had shared the costs. This was the final auction item, and now that it had been auctioned off, the auction naturally ended. However, a great many people were smirking coldly. They would not give up the matter so easily. Instead, they had still set their eyes on the seller of the first portion of Ancestral King blood.

They now were going to exert pressure on the auction house so that the latter would reveal the personal information of the seller.

Ling Han chuckled, and had Wally turn back into a hanging ornament, which he hung on his own robes. Then, he simply strode outside. He had already taken the form of the Demon Race. Who would be able to make a connection between him and that member of the Angel Race previously?