Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2338 In-depth Study

The ranking battles for the Elite Leaderboard commenced.

The academies would first pick the strongest representative from each of the top 100 teams. For example, the chosen representatives from the Eternal Dragon Academy and the Three Manifest Academy would be extremely obvious. They would definitely be Huai Jian and Xu Xing. However, it was a more difficult decision for some academies since they didn’t have any monarch stars on their teams. Moreover, the strength of everyone was also similar. In such cases, they would hold an internal competition to choose the representative.

With Qi Shuang’s and Yuan’s temper, they naturally didn’t want Ling Han to represent the Hundred Battles Academy. After all, he had purposefully slacked off before.

However, it occurred to them that they would still need to rely on Ling Han for the next Thousand Academy Tournament. Thus, they could only sign him up with dark and exasperated expressions.

After confirming the 100 competitors, the next task was to divide them into groups.

The Ancestral King from the Four Splendor Academy personally decided on the 16 seeded competitors. Moreover, it was guaranteed that these 16 competitors wouldn’t meet before the fight for a spot in the quarterfinals.

Because there were 100 people, it was inevitable that 28 groups would be relatively fortunate, having only three members. They would only need to eliminate a single person. Because of Ling Han’s stunning performance in that one battle, he was also awarded a seeding. However, this was mocked by many people.

ance

As he was someone who showed no care for his academy’s glory, it was without a doubt that his achievements would be limited.

The gambling houses continued to list odds for the tournament. Huai Jian’s odds surprisingly grew, by quite a significant amount too. It was now a one-to-two ratio for him to win. This was naturally due to the rise of Jing Zhongyue, Xue Ge, and the other monarch stars. The gambling houses were of the belief that Huai Jian’s dominant position might be threatened.

The odds for Jing Zhongyue, Xue Ge, and the others were also fairly short, coming in at one to 2.1 or 2.2 and so on. They were clearly favored by many.

In comparison, Ling Han’s odds were much longer, sitting at one to four.

Ling Han resolutely placed a bet for himself. He was confident in himself, and he was certain that he could win even with opponents such as Huai Jian and Jing Zhongyue.

Another seven days passed, the first round of competition for the Elite Leaderboard finally began.

Ling Han wasn’t very fortunate, and he wasn’t placed in a group with only three people. In the first round, he more so faced a monarch star at the Eleventh Leaf.

This was a member of the Insect Race. His body was blood-red, and he had the form of a ladybug. His outstretched wings were covered with sanguine patterns, and just looking at them could cause one to fall into a dazed and uncontrolled trance.

“You surrendered in the team battles, so why don’t you also surrender now?” the insect said in an enticing voice. Even monarch tiers would be led astray by his words.

His tribe specialized in confusing and poisoning people’s minds.

Ling Han grinned, and said, “Because I want to pummel you!”

He charged forward, unleashing his Fists of Fury.

The insect was astounded. Not only had he failed to entice Ling Han, but he had even failed to affect him at all. This was inconceivable!

He hurriedly parried Ling Han’s attacks. However, at the same cultivation, the gulf between an Evolution Index of 11 and an Evolution Index of 10 was far too great. It was much like the crushing gulf between monarch tiers and emperor tiers. Ling Han immediately gained the upper hand, needing only 80 or so exchanges to destroy a leg and wing of the insect.

This was also because the insect was far too reliant on his mind games. As a result, his battle prowess was inferior to that of most other monarch stars. Thus, because Ling Han was able to resist his temptation, he was able to defeat the insect in under 100 exchanges. Vissit n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for 𝒏ew 𝒏ovels

Ling Han successfully advanced to the sub-group of victors.

The other group battle had also concluded, with the victor being a person from the Demon Race. Neither of them rested, and they immediately began the battle between the victors. In the end, Ling Han easily achieved victory, progressing to the group of 64.

The three remaining members of the group weren’t without a chance, either. They could still fight for the remaining position. Meanwhile, the two who came last would compete for the ranks from 65th to 100th.

According to the rules, Ling Han could rest for five days. Afterward, he would compete to enter the group of 32.

Ling Han didn’t waste any time, waking the slumbering Wally. He started to ask him questions.

Normally, Wally would remain in a state of “sleep.” In his words, this could reduce his energy consumption. During this time, he would only maintain his capacity to process some data.

Ling Han didn’t understand this. In any case, Wally was like a block of wood, and he seemed to be the same no matter what mode he was

in.

Ling Han was extremely interested in the knowledge of high-level dimensions. Knowledge was wealth, and knowledge was power. Thus, he was happy to gain more knowledge. Moreover, he knew that if he wanted to become the strongest, he would most likely need to grasp all of the formulas and models that Wally spoke about. After all, these pertained to the foundation of heaven and earth.

Regulations were only the embodiment of heaven and earth’s power. These were things that could be shattered and surpassed.

Thus, arduously striving to grasp more Regulations was actually a stray path.

Of course, unless one reached a paramount level, they would have no right to interact with the power of heaven and earth. Even trying to search for it would be impossible. However, Ling Han was different. He possessed the Origin Magic Cube, and he had once been the ruler of heaven and earth. Thus, he had the heaven-defying ability to interact with the power of heaven and earth.

Most importantly, he was blessed with fortune. He had come across Wally, a being from the Dark Inverse Realm who was the culmination of countless epochs of knowledge and material skills. Moreover, this was a being who had gone to higher-level dimensions to learn all knowledge. If it weren’t for these factors, Ling Han would have still been feeling his way around in the dark. Even if he had been 100 times more intelligent and 10,000 times more talented, it would have still been useless.

Wally was also extremely generous when it came to sharing his knowledge. If he had wanted to conceal something, he wouldn’t have ever told Ling Han about it anyway.

As Ling Han sat under the Reincarnation Tree, his mind was filled with the formulas and models that Wally had talked about. His mind felt heavy and sleepy.

He was confident that he wasn’t an idiot. However, faced with these theories and whatnot, it was as if he had indeed become an idiot. He couldn’t make head nor tail of them.

He first used thousands of years to grasp these “formulas.” He then summarized these formulas to simulate and verified the models. This allowed the models to become increasingly vivid and lively. They were no longer pictures on paper.

Finally, he utilized the Origin Magic Cube to channel and run these models.

Right now, Wally had only given Ling Han one model. If Ling Han could successfully channel this model, he would gain the ability to extract Void Particle Energy.

This was one of the most fundamental energy types of the Genesis World. Even if he could only extract a tiny wisp, it would still be unbelievably powerful.

However, Ling Han’s cultivation level was still far too low. Under normal circumstances, it would be impossible for him to extract Void Particle Energy. Only by traveling to the core of the Foreign Realm or by mining ores in the core that contained Void Particle Energy could he extract this Void Particle Energy.

“Theoretically speaking, the core of a dimension should forever remain in a state of eruption. Thus, such ores definitely exist. However, unless one’s Vitality Index exceeds 15,000, it will be impossible to detect the presence of these ores. They’ll appear no different from ordinary stone,” Wally said in a calm voice.

His expression almost never changed. It had only fluctuated when he had seen that unopenable scroll.

Ling Han pondered for a moment before asking, “Am I able to absorb the Void Particle Energy from that scroll?”

“Theoretically, yes,” Wally replied with a nod. However, he immediately shook his head, and said, “However, the scroll is mine now, so I won’t allow you to use it. That will damage my interest.” His tone was calm and serious.

Ling Han couldn’t help but laugh. Wally was truly a practical being.

In any case, Ling Han naturally wasn’t trying to take advantage of Wally. After all, he still possessed another unopenable scroll.

Making up an excuse, Ling Han started to cultivate in seclusion again. He retrieved the other unopenable scroll, attempting to extract the energy from within it.