Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2342 Limit

In everyone’s eyes, Ling Han was quite suspected of having taken liberties with Jing Zhongyue.

It could not be helped. One was a dark guy from the Demon Race, while the other was a fair lady from the Angel Race. The two of them standing together would just be like a beauty and a beast. Now that Ling Han had teased her verbally, in the eyes of the masses, that looked to be taking liberties with her.

Jing Zhongyue’s delicate face turned cold, and she attacked continuously. One after another, her attacks turned into harsh Sword Qi. She was like a goddess of war, beautiful and dangerous, lovely yet heroic. Even the males of the Demon Race, Insect Race, and Holy Beasts could not turn their eyes from her, their expressions captivated.

If the result of this battle was decided by the spectators, the victor would doubtlessly be Jing Zhongyue. Ling Han put his all into the battle. His Evolution Index had already reached 11, and there should be no further room for improvement under present conditions. However, if he battled with an elite like Jing Zhongyue, who knew, he might be able to break through his shackles, and set out on a stronger path of evolution.

He used various kinds of Regulations easily and freely, turning them into the forms of various weapons that sliced out at Jing Zhongyue or wrapped around his fists as he attacked Jing Zhongyue directly.

His tough physique was already very useful at this point. He could ignore the majority of Jing Zhongyue’s attacks, and this allowed him to spare even more energy to use on his own attacks. As a result, Jing Zhongyue’s attacks became fewer. Instead, it was his attacks that became even more frantic.

From the bigger picture, Ling Han had already taken the upper hand. Basically, it was only him that was on the offensive.

However, both he and Jing Zhongyue knew that the battle was far from reaching the point when the victor would be decided.

While Jing Zhongyue’s rate of attacks had decreased, the force of her attacks had increased. She would either choose not to attack, or if she did, that would be the harshest of attacks, and even Ling Han did not dare to treat her attacks lightly.

However, as the battle continued, Ling Han became more and more proficient.

His cultivation level had increased very quickly, but he had been in too few battles. When he was faced with monarch tiers, or even Monarch Stars, this was no big issue, but Jing Zhongyue was too strong. His attacks only had to expose the slightest weakness, and the woman would be able to take the chance to parry, calmly evade, or launch a rain of counterattacks.

This forced Ling Han to continuously improve so that the weaknesses he would expose became fewer and fewer, pushing closer and closer to perfection.

The stronger he was, the greater Jing Zhongyue’s predicament would naturally be. Her counters further decreased, and she finally revealed an expression of shock.

If this continued, she would lose!

Lose?

In a battle of equals, she had never considered the possibility that she would be defeated. This was a word that practically had no relation to her at all, yet it had now appeared in her mind.

She was defiant. She was already a supreme monarch star, so why was it that she was still no match for Ling Han?

It had to be because she had not used her weapon.

She concluded that the reason lay here. She had a Ninth-Lotus-level precious Tool, and it could sustain an explosion of battle prowess that surpassed her cultivation level from her, but now that she was using her fingers as replacement for her sword, how could her physique hold up to the blazing of such great power? Her fingers would definitely explode into bits first before she even launched the attack.

The circumstances of her defeat became more and more apparent, and she had no intention to make her defeat too bad. She decisively extracted herself from the battle, and declared, “I have lost!”

Ling Han was dissatisfied. He felt that his battle prowess still had some room for improvement, and couldn’t help but ask, “Why don’t we have another spar at my

place?”

When Jing Zhongyue heard this, her delicate face immediately flushed, and after a soft rebuke as she said “scum,” she left swiftly.

Go to his place to have a spar? No matter how it sounded, these words were ambiguous.

The spectators, especially Jing Zhongyue’s admirers, were all outraged, wanting nothing more than to pummel this outrageously brazen guy into mush. He was too shameless, too despicable, and too direct.

Ling Han was baffled. He clearly was very solemnly inviting her for another battle, not a date, so why were they reacting so strongly?

“Ba’s victory!” As the referee’s words fell, Ling Han also left the battle stage. As for who exactly would emerge victorious between Huai Jian and Xue Ge, Ling Han was completely unconcerned. In any case, no matter who won, they would not be able to stop him from attaining the pinnacle—for the sake of the egg of the Primordial Battle Beast.

He took the time to continue tempering himself, but soon discovered that he had reached a bottleneck. His power had stopped at the pinnacle of Great Accomplishment of the Ascending Origin Tier, and he could not take another step further.

From the look of things, his cultivation level had still affected the upper limit of his power.

He could only come back again after he broke through.

The battle between Huai Jian and Xue Ge had just concluded, and ultimately, the rookie prodigy had not managed to put on a show of a splendid counterattack. Huai Jian was slightly superior, and obtained the victory in the battle. However, both had paid a very terrible price. That Ancestral King of the Four Splendor Academy spoke up, and announced that the final battle would be delayed for a month.

There had never been previous cases of this happening before, but that Ancestral King said that it was so that the two great Monarch Stars could fight at their greatest brilliance, and the reason was very honorable.

But everyone knew that Huai Jian was about to be taken as a disciple by a Heavenly Venerate. The first prize of the Elite Leaderboard was specifically arranged for him, so it had to be guaranteed that he would become champion no matter what, or it would displease that Heavenly Venerate.

Who would dare to displease a Heavenly Venerable Tier?

Ling Han was not concerned. He, too, wanted to battle Huai Jian when the latter was in his strongest state so that he could accelerate the stabilization of his cultivation level. Only then would he be able to break through to the Ascending Origin Tier as soon as possible. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

After advancing into the Ascending Origin Tier, being tempered by the Source Power of heaven and earth, would he then be able to match Celestial Kings?

It did not have to be the Eighth Heaven or Ninth Heaven; he would be satisfied with just matching First Heaven.

Ling Han thought that he was thinking about it very modestly, yet did not know that if his thoughts were known to others, they would definitely say that he was deluded.

What kind of existence were Celestial Kings?

They were on the same level as Regulations, and even the strongest Ascending Origin Tier Monarch Star could not possibly breach the gulf between Ascending Origin Tier and Celestial King Tier.

This was absolute, and there was no exception!

Yet Ling Han did not think so. The power of heaven and earth was superior to the power of Regulations. He did have a chance of possessing battle prowess that could match Celestial King Tier at the Ascending Origin Tier.

“Let’s just wait and see.”

He did not continue to cultivate, but rather began to concoct alchemical pills. He was just a sliver away from achieving the Ninth Refinement. He only had to advance into this level, and he would be able to become a Five-Star Alchemist, being able to first advance into the level of Celestial King Tier in a certain aspect.

A dozen or so days later, good news was heard. Both Hu Niu and the Empress had broken through to the Eleventh Secret, and possessed the strongest battle prowess of the Immortal Palace Tier.

However, Bewitching Maiden Rou had still not managed to break through. Even if she had as much Ancestral King blood and Celestial pills at her disposal, how could this step called Ascending Origin Tier be so easily taken? Origin Power had to be converted into Source Power!

What about Source Power?

The Source Power of heaven and earth had drawn even closer to the level of Regulations, which naturally was hard to attain.

Another seven days later, Huai Jian had already recovered from all his wounds, and returned to the pinnacle of his battle prowess.

Hence, that Ancestral King issued a command that the deciding battle was to begin.

This naturally was extremely unjust, and was incredibly partial to Huai Jian. Why was it that the battle was to begin once he was ready? What if Ling Han was still breaking through to some extremely crucial stage?

It could not be helped. There was a Heavenly Venerate standing behind Huai Jian, so who could not be biased in his favor?

Thus, the deciding battle began a few days ahead of time again after being delayed for over a dozen days.

Ling Han came with Hu Niu and the other women. Qi Shuang, Yuan, and the others had long since been waiting there. This battle had powerful implications. If Ling Han could win, then even if the Hundred Battles Academy did not get the first place in the rankings of academies, they could still be proud, and would be looked on highly by everyone.

Qi Shuang and Yuan did not offer Ling Han any words of encouragement. They knew that he was fighting for himself here, and he would definitely strive to the best of his efforts.

Ultimately, just who was the strongest Monarch Star between Ling Han and Huai Jian?