Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2374: Universal education

Hong Huang was dumbfounded.

How could a mere Immortal Palace Tier possess power that could match his? No, no, no, it was not just power that matched his, but even one superior to his!

He hurriedly brandished his fists in a furious barrage, blocking the remaining power of Ling Han’s punch, but his figure was being continuously pushed back involuntarily.?Teng, teng, teng,?with every step he took, the ground itself would tremble, and the whole surface of the ground would sink down slightly.

This was because the impact that he was sustaining was too strong. As he stepped back, he was also throwing up blood, and his hair was also stretching out straightly in bursts, as if someone was pulling on it.

Right when he had retreated 50 km, he finally stopped. A trail of deep footsteps was left behind, as well as a trail of blood.

Everyone was shocked, completely incapable of accepting this.

Was he about to defy the heavens?

Previously, when Ling Han had shown his might, he had been able to slaughter even Ancestral Kings and Celestial Kings. That was because he had obtained the Origin Magic Cube, and also because he possessed a Heavenly Venerate Tool, but the neutral zone was already destroyed by now, so there was no way that he could rely on this power.

Additionally, that Heavenly Venerate Tool had also expended all its power, and the Karmic Life Heavenly Venerable had clearly stated this.

Then how was he still able to be so freakish?

This was completely incomprehensible.

Ling Han smiled slightly. “Are you prepared to die a second time?”

Hong Huang set his eyes on Ling Han, his breathing slightly heavy. After a while, he took out a pair of gloves, which he slipped on. Multiple seals glowed on them, raising his aura by a considerable number of times all of a sudden.

This naturally was a precious tool. It was of the Ascending Origin Tier, and he had obtained it in an ancient site. It wasn’t until he had advanced into the Ascending Origin Tier that he could completely unleash its full might.

Previously, he had not had the chance to use it at all, because his opponents had all been too weak, and there had been no need for it.

But now, he still did not feel the slightest bit of confidence even after drawing out this precious tool.

His opponent was too strong, and he did not feel the slightest bit of certainty.

He couldn’t help but ask, “Just what have you gone through in the Foreign Realm?” T/his chapter is updat𝓮d by n𝒐v(ê(l)biin.co/m

The fact that Ling Han could be powerful to this inconceivable level had to be linked with the Foreign Realm. Otherwise, how could his strength improve so rapidly and greatly with just a venture into the Foreign Realm and back?

Everyone couldn’t help but prick their ears. They too were very curious.

Ling Han smiled, and said, “Aside from the Celestial Realm and Foreign Realm, there are countless other worlds, and they are called dimensions. There are differences in strength among dimensions. Powerful dimensions would be invading weaker dimensions so that they could devour the weaker dimension, and make themselves stronger to avoid being devoured by dimensions stronger than them.”

These words were quite confusing, but all the people around were either prodigies or Celestial Kings. It was no problem for them to grasp the crux of his words.

Ling Han deliberately used this chance to speak of the matter of the Genesis World because he hoped more people would know what kind of environment they were presently in so that they could lessen internal strife, and have more motivation to forge bravely onwards in unity.

As expected, when everyone heard that there were still a great many more worlds like the Foreign Realm, they were all stunned, and even the Celestial Kings were moved.

Initially, they had thought that there were only two worlds—the Celestial Realm and the Foreign Realm. As long as they could stop the Foreign Realm, everything would be peaceful.

Ling Han continued, “All the dimensions are collectively called the Genesis World, and dimensions are also further categorized into low-level dimensions, medium-level dimensions, and high-level dimensions. As for whether there are dimensions even stronger than high-level dimensions, there may be, but it cannot be confirmed.”

Someone interrupted, “Then do we belong to high-level dimensions?”

Ling Han shook his head. “Whether it is us or the Foreign Realm, we are both just low-level dimensions. In fact, we are the bottom of the pile among all low-level dimensions.”

When these words fell, a wave of commotion arose among the crowd.

How could this be? The Celestial Realm has Heavenly Venerates, and just what kind of powerful existence were Heavenly Venerates? There could be no being stronger!

Since that was the case, they still could not be considered a high-level dimension?

“Impossible!”

“You must be grandstanding!”

“Even if we are slightly weaker than the Foreign Realm, we should still be considered a medium-level dimension at least.”

Everyone was shaking their heads, completely unable to accept this.

Ling Han chuckled. “The whole Genesis World is like this. A stronger dimension would be invading a weaker dimension. Take the Foreign Realm for example. While they are invading us, they themselves are also being invaded by the Dark Inverse Realm.”

After a pause, he continued, “And us? We are only being invaded, yet are not invading other realms. That is because we are already at the bottom rank of all the dimensions.”

Everyone was instantly rendered speechless. Ling Han’s words were very rational, though the prerequisite was that what he had explained about the Genesis World was true.

“With the invasion of other dimensions, our whole world will be destroyed. Thus, we must not have any delusions,” Ling Han stated gravely.

Hong Huang was impatient. There were some things that he had heard the Sealed Emotion Heavenly Venerable occasionally speak of. He was completely uncaring whether the Celestial Realm would be destroyed or otherwise, because if that day truly came, the Sealed Emotion Heavenly Venerable would bring his line and leave the Celestial Realm with all of them.

…On the contrary, this was a great opportunity. The Sealed Emotion Heavenly Venerable could transcend, and bring their line to a high-level dimension. Everyone would have a wider space for growth.

Because the heaven and earth was different.

The difficulty level of advancing into the Heavenly Venerable Tier in a low-level dimension would definitely be higher than in a high-level dimension. It could not be helped; this was caused by the environmental conditions.

“What does this have to do with you becoming stronger?” he asked.

There was naturally no need for Ling Han to answer him, but he glanced at the others, and said slowly, “Because while realms are different, the Regulations also seem different, yet there are a great many similarities.

“Though our Celestial Realm is slightly weaker, in terms of Regulations, we, too, have our own unique traits. If we can combine the two, we can use the strengths of others to make up for our own weaknesses. Then, battle prowess naturally would become even stronger.”

As he spoke, he shot to stand right in front of Hong Huang with a single step, and shot out a fist.

Hong Huang raised his fists to parry, yet with a?boom, his gloves flew off his hands, and his whole arm had also instantly turned into a shower of blood.

It was like Ling Han was teaching by example, but this was not battle prowess that had been produced after melding the power of Regulation of the two Realms at all, but rather a Body Art that he had cultivated through extracting the power of heaven and earth.

But for the sake of proving how powerful this was, Ling Han did not care at all. In any case, it was fine as long as everyone understood that his words were true.

Realization dawned on everyone. Those powerful Celestial Kings and prodigies immediately looked tempted. They were all eager and keen, wanting to enter into the Foreign Realm so that they could further raise their own battle prowess.

It was too unfortunate for Hong Huang. There was absolutely no one that cared about his life or death. He gritted his teeth strongly. With how overbearing the Heavenly Venerate Wu Le who was backing Ling Han up was, who would dare to interfere in the idle matters of others?

Hadn’t they seen that even the Sealed Emotion Heavenly Venerable and Jiuwu Heavenly Venerate had both yielded?

If anyone wanted to deal with Ling Han, they could only send top-tier prodigies whose cultivation could only be superior to Ling Han’s by two minor levels at most to make the move. But from the look of things now, to say nothing of an advantage of two minor levels, even one with an advantage of 10 might not be a match for Ling Han, either.

Ling Han grinned. “I have already attained Small Accomplishment level of the Ascending Origin Tier in the Foreign Realm, but because of the different Regulations of the Celestial Realm, I look like how I did when I left the Celestial Realm.”

He stated his true cultivation level clearly, which was also deliberately laying a trap for others so that he could draw out those who harbored malice towards him.

Though he could no longer depend on the Black Tower now, Ling Han was brimming with confidence, and dared to face all challenges and difficulties.

Meanwhile, Hong Huang was extremely depressed. As it turned out, Ling Han’s cultivation level was the same as his. Then, with how the former had also fused the Regulations of two realms, it was no wonder that his battle prowess was stronger than his.