Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2398: Returning to the Alchemy City

Seventh Tier Heavenly Venerate, Lin Luo.

Admiration welled up in everyone’s mind. A First Tier Heavenly Venerate was already powerful enough to trigger jealousy and intolerance from heaven and earth. That being the case, just how powerful was a Seventh Tier Heavenly Venerate?

In any case, once they arrived in the transcendent dimension, they would be able to meet this elite.

30,000 years. In this short span of time, they needed to reach the peak stage of the consummate level of the Ascending Origin Tier, ascend the Celestial Path, nurture a Celestial Seed, and become a Celestial King.

This was extremely difficult, especially since advancing each stage in the Ascending Origin Tier would take an exorbitant amount of time. However, they only had a measly 30,000 years. Even taking into account the acceleration of time, this would still be incredibly difficult.

However, what if they advanced to the Celestial King Tier in the transcendent dimension? There was nothing wrong with this, but it would definitely affect their future growth. Because they had been born and nurtured here, the essence Regulations of this dimension were their root.

Why was Zhou Heng giving them 40,000 years?

Was it not to give them time to temper their foundations after becoming a Celestial King?

Ling Han, the Empress, and Hu Niu all had the right to go to the transcendent dimension. However, even though Zhou Heng permitted Ling Han to bring some friends and family, the number of people definitely couldn’t be too great. Even though he was a Sixth Tier Heavenly Venerate, he still couldn’t bring too many people with him when traversing through dimensions.

If this person wanted to bring family and that person wanted to bring friends, wouldn’t they end up taking half of the Celestial Realm over?

Thus, there was a strict limit on how many people each person could bring.

Ling Han performed some calculations. Even with the quota of the Empress and Hu Niu, it still wasn’t enough. He would also need to use the quota of Wally if he wanted to bring all of his lovers and wives with him.

When traversing through dimensions, Spatial God Tools would be useless. The devastating pressure of dimensions would crush all matter. In fact, even Second Tier Heavenly Venerate would be crushed to death by this petrifying power.

Then what about his son, brothers, and friends?

In fact, there was another way to travel through dimensions. That was through the connection points between the realms. Even though it was extremely time-consuming, it was, after all, another possible method.

However, this would require one to be powerful enough. Even First Tier Heavenly Venerates wouldn’t be able to utilize this method. Only transcendent Second Tier Heavenly Venerates who didn’t need to rely on their dimension could achieve this.

Moreover, it wasn’t just time-consuming in the sense of billions of years. Rather, it was time-consuming in the sense of epochs upon epochs!

Zhou Heng was a Sixth Tier Heavenly Venerate, a top-tier elite even in the transcendent dimension. He was an irreplaceable part of their battle prowess. Thus, how could he be missing from the front lines for several epochs?

In the next few days, Zhou Heng generously taught them all that he could, explaining to them the true meaning of the Great Dao.

They had come from different dimensions with different Regulations, so Zhou Heng naturally couldn’t teach them about the Regulations of the Celestial Realm. However, he could provide them with guidance on even more high-level notions. After all, he was a Sixth Tier Heavenly Venerate! As someone even more powerful than most dimensions, would he not be knowledgeable enough to act as their teacher?

While earnestly cultivating Source Power, Ling Han also divided some of his attention to practicing alchemy.

He was only a single step away from reaching the Tenth Refinement. Right now, he had several Tenth Refinement alchemical pills—and even three Celestial King Tier alchemical pills—to use as reference. This was a humongous help.

Ling Han accelerated the flow of time. If he pushed it to the limit, he could transform 30,000 years of real-time into at least 30,000,000 years.

After 12 years, Ling Han had already experienced a lengthy 10,000 years. He finally made a significant breakthrough in alchemy, achieving the Tenth Refinement for the first time.

Rumble!

Thunder immediately boomed across the sky, with dark clouds gathering to form a tribulation. Its target was none other than the alchemical pill in Ling Han’s hand.

This newly concocted Tenth Refinement alchemical pill had actually triggered heavenly tribulation?

However, alchemical pills were clearly different from cultivators. The tribulation dissipated after just a single bolt of lightning. The alchemical pill endured the tribulation, yet a corner of it still cracked. A quarter of it went missing.

“Tenth Refinement alchemical pills can trigger heavenly tribulation, so what about Celestial King Tier alchemical pills?” Ling Han murmured to himself.

Since he had successfully achieved the Tenth Refinement, this signified that he had the right to refine Celestial King Tier alchemical pills now. However, Celestial King Tier Great Herbs were far too precious. Even as wealthy as he was, he only had a measly few such Great Herbs. It was nowhere near enough to experiment with.

Ling Han was in no hurry to concoct Five-Star alchemical pills. He still had yet to become a Celestial King, so Five-Star alchemical pills would be completely useless to him.

Right now, he simply needed to practice his Spirit Refinement ability. Once he thoroughly stabilized his ability to perform the Tenth Refinement, becoming a Five-Star Alchemist would naturally follow.

Ling Han decided to follow his original plan. He would return to the Eastern Celestial Realm first.

He set off with his wives, and he even brought his parents with him this time. This was because he needed to reunite his mother with her brother.

They arrived at the coast, and they prepared to cross the boundless seas.

Even though Ling Han had already reached the Ascending Origin Tier, crossing the boundless seas would still be fairly dangerous. After all, these seas were home to numerous Celestial King Tier beasts, some of which had existed since primordial times.

Right now, Ling Han could no longer rely on the Black Tower. Without his biggest trump card, he naturally had to make more preparations.

Fortunately, since he had returned to the Celestial Realm, he could now use the Heaven and Earth Origin Stars that he had obtained. These were tools that could unleash the destructive power of Celestial Kings. They were naturally mighty and threatening weapons.

In any case, Ascending Origin Tier elites already possessed the ability to cross the boundless seas. As long as one was familiar with the sea routes, avoided the territories of Celestial King Tier beasts, and didn’t suffer the misfortune of coming across colossal waves, crossing the seas wouldn’t be too dangerous. Điscover n𝒆w chapt𝒆rs 𝒐n n0𝒗e(l)bi𝒏(.)com

Even so, Ling Han and the others still sought out a fleet. Even though many of them were already at the Ascending Origin Tier, none of them was familiar with the sea routes. Thus, they still had to rely on professionals.

They bought themselves some tickets and boarded a ship. They set off for the Eastern Celestial Realm.

They stood at the bow of the ship, and enjoyed the sea breeze. They took in the scenery, and enjoyed this rare moment of peace.

Of course, there were naturally foolish people on the ship. Upon seeing so many beautiful women in Ling Han’s group, they wanted to walk over to flirt and strike up a conversation. However, they were naturally ignored by the women. Some of them were smart enough to leave, but there were also some who believed themselves to be powerful enough, and they even attempted to use force and violence. When encountering these people, the solution was simple. They were directly tossed overboard.

Ling Han and the others were far too powerful, so the ship’s crew didn’t dare to do anything about them. In any case, they hadn’t fulfilled their responsibilities, either. If they had maintained law and order on the ship, no one would have gone over to harass Ling Han’s women.

They were quite fortunate this time, and they didn’t encounter any rough weather. Moreover, the experienced captain navigated them around all of the dangerous regions. After several decades, the large ship finally docked at the Eastern Celestial Realm.

Ling Han and the others disembarked, and set off for Alchemy City.

After reaching land, their speed increased immensely. Moreover, the Eastern Celestial Realm was far smaller than the Western Celestial Realm, although it didn’t have any Transfer Formations that spanned across regions. Thus, it took them more than half a year to arrive at their destination.

In fact, this was mainly thanks to Ling Han’s mastery of the Regulations of Space. Otherwise, this trip would have taken them at least dozens or even hundreds of years.

“I’ve finally returned,” Ling Han said with emotion as he stood before Alchemy City.

Hu Niu grabbed Ling Han’s hand, and said, “Let’s go!” She marched toward the gates.

Upon seeing Ling Han, the city guards faltered for a moment before exclaiming in excitement, “Chairperson!”

Ling Han nodded in acknowledgment. Before leaving Alchemy City, he had already accepted the position of chairperson of Alchemy City. However, Grandmaster Zi Cheng would be responsible for dealing with all of the ordinary matters.

He entered the city, and it wasn’t long before news of his return spread far and wide. Countless people instantly rushed over to welcome him.

Ling Han naturally paid no heed to those who were trying to cotton up to him. Instead, he directly headed to the fifth level to visit Grandmaster Zi Cheng.

“Disciple, you’ve returned? How much money have you made?” Grandmaster Zi Cheng asked. His first question upon seeing Ling Han revealed his nature as a hoarder of wealth.