Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2401: Ranked No. 17?

Ling Han chuckled. “Since you wish to seek your own humiliation, I shall oblige!”

He also had the intention to impose his might, and had thus decided to compete with Xie Yangbing in alchemy. Otherwise, if he moved, even if there were 100 Qian Wuyi, they would be no match for him.

Qian Wuyi clearly did not have that self-awareness. In his eyes, Ling Han was merely at Small Accomplishment level of the Ascending Origin Tier. He would be able to defeat him with just a single finger.

“We shall compete first in the grade of alchemical pill,” Xie Yangbing said.

“All right.” Ling Han did not mind.

They did not enter into an alchemy chamber. Because Qian Wuyi did not understand alchemy, Xie Yangbing naturally could not feel reassured. He feared that Ling Han would play some kind of trick inside without anyone watching.

Their two cauldrons were simply just set up in an empty space, no more than nine meters between them.

The two of them walked over simultaneously, each taking out their own medicinal ingredients, and began to refine them.

They both had just a single chance, and if the cauldron exploded, it would be considered a failure. There were no second chances.

Xie Yangbing was very confident. He was an alchemy prodigy, and had already become a Four-Star Grandmaster 30 million years ago. The success rate of concocting a Four-Star alchemical pill was as high as 90%. Hence, he deliberately chose to concoct an alchemical pill with a high difficulty level.

Ancient King PIll, this was a practically lost alchemical pill. Among Four-Star alchemical pills, the difficulty level of concoction caused it to be ranked at No. 17.

He did not go and check on Ling Han. As long as the latter was also concocting an alchemical pill, and was not cheating, that would be enough.

Of course, he actually did not fear that Ling Han would take out a ready-made pill, either, because it was practically impossible for its difficulty level to surpass the difficulty level of Ancient King Pill.

The two of them began pill concoction. Ling Han quietly activated his time physique so that the time flow over the small area where he himself and Xie Yangbing were would be accelerated. Because he had to affect an entire area, Ling Han could only speed up the flow of time 100 times, or the burden on him would be too high.

Only over a day had passed in the outside world, and Ling Han and Xie Yangbing were both done.

Their pills were completed.

The acceleration of time was quietly dispelled. Because Xie Yangbing had been focused on pill concoction, he did not notice this fact at all. He proudly held the alchemical pill that he had just concocted, and declared, “I have refined a Four-Star alchemical pill, the Ancient King Pill. Among Four-Star alchemical pills, its difficulty of concoction can be ranked in the 17th place.”

Grandmaster Zi Cheng, Grandmaster Heavenly Heart, Grandmaster Chu Ye all nodded respectively, proving that Xie Yangbing had spoken the truth. When it involved alchemy, there was absolutely no way that they would be prejudiced and neglect justice.

Having gained the approval of three grandmasters, Xie Yangbing was even prouder, thinking that he would definitely be winning. He looked towards Qian Wuyi again, but saw that Qian Wuyi was wearing a strange expression.

… He did not know it, but Qian Wuyi was clear that Ling Han had used time acceleration.

Someone who was versed in the Regulations of Time was practically invincible before Celestial King Tier. It could be claimed that he would be invincible in a battle of equal levels.

He should be able to suppress Ling Han, right? Qian Wuyi thought. He had a superior lead of two minor levels, and also had the aptitude of a king tier. No matter how heaven-defying the Regulations of Time was, there was no way that it could help Ling Han to breach the gap of two minor levels of the Ascending Origin Tier.

With this in mind, his confidence returned.

Ling Han also handed over the alchemical pill in his hands, and said, “Six Suns Green Spirit Pill, Four-Star alchemical pill.”

He did not continue the introduction, because even he did not know the difficulty level of concocting the Six Suns Green Spirit Pill. He had come up with it on his own with his own studies of the alchemical pill that he had obtained in the treasure chamber… The difficulty level of pill concoction was extremely high.

“Six Suns Green Spirit PIll?” Grandmaster Zi Cheng and the others all looked blank. It was as if they had never heard of this Four Star alchemical pill.

Xie Yangbing also scoffed. This brat had concocted an alchemical pill that no one even knew about, and he wanted to lie his way out? Tsk, it might not even be Four-Stars at all.

“Wait!” Grandmaster Heavenly Heart suddenly stood up. “I might have seen it before in an ancient book… You guys just wait, I’ll come back in a short while.”

Xiu, he left.

Thankfully, the speed of Ascending Origin Tier was very high. In just a short while, he had already run back like a gust of wind, and there was indeed an ancient book in his hands.

Grandmaster Zi Cheng and Grandmaster Chu Ye both leaned their heads closer, and after reading for a while, they both looked stunned.

“Six Suns Green Spirit Pill, among ancient pill recipes, the difficulty level of concoction is placed 19th,” Grandmaster Heavenly Heart read out loud.

Yi, it was actually as high as 19th place?

Xie Yangbing was slightly surprised, but so what if it was 19th place? His Ancient King Pill was ranked 17th… Hold on, wasn’t it the Nine Cauldron Phoenix Return Pill that was ranked 19th?

Never mind, forget it. It was fine as long as he won.

His expression was filled with pride, and as his eyes swept over Grandmaster Zi Cheng and the others, his gaze was urging them. ‘Aren’t you guys going to announce the results yet?’

Grandmaster Zi Cheng opened his mouth, and said, “Everyone should be aware that in the inheritance of pill recipes, there are a great many that have disappeared or were lost in time.”

Everyone nodded. That was not the case for just alchemy; it was the same for cultivation as well.

‘Still, what do you mean by saying these words?’

Grandmaster Zi Cheng continued, “The Ancient King Pill is ranked 17th in terms of difficulty level of pill concoction, and this is the ranking among the pill recipes that we presently possess, but in the complete collection of ancient pill recipes…”

He paused, and realization dawned on them. There were too many pill recipes that had been lost now, and they naturally had been removed, so that what originally should be 30th in terms of difficulty level had now become 25th, or even 20th.

Xie Yangbing’s body also trembled. He only had a grasp of an advantage of two places. As long as there were more than two pill recipes that were lost before that, Ling Han would turn the tables around and surpass him instead.

Grandmaster Zi Cheng smiled, and continued, “In the rankings of ancient pill recipes, the Six Suns Green Spirit Pill is ranked 19th, and the Ancient King PIll is… 32nd!”

F*ck, there was such a wide gap?

Everyone was in an uproar, and at the same time was extremely excited.

It was still their chairperson that was more skilled, and more awesome.

Xie Yangbing’s face turned pale, but he immediately shouted, “You must have conspired to try and deceive me!”

Grandmaster Zi Cheng smiled slightly, and tossed the ancient book in his hands over to Xie Yangbing. “Do not even dream of destroying the ancient book. The three of us have read it, and we naturally have our own conclusions.”

Xie Yangbing hurriedly ruffled through the pages, and when he swept his gaze over the page, his expression was ashen.

Indeed, Grandmaster Zi Cheng had not lied.

His first reaction was to destroy the book, and then vehemently deny it.

But Grandmaster Zi Cheng had already stated clearly before, so what if he denied their judgment? The three of them were judges here.

Xie Yangbing took a deep breath, calming his emotions. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

He had not lost completely. He did not believe that he would lose to Ling Han in the area of Spirit Refinement.

“Fine, we’ll compete again in Spirit Refinement!” Xie Yangbing declared loudly.

“Sure,” Ling Han made a gesture of invitation.

The two of them continued pill concoction, and it was still that alchemical pill from previously.

First Refinement.

Second Refinement.

Third Refinement.

To become a Four-Star Grandmaster, one should be able to do Fifth Refinement at least. There was no doubt about that.

Hence, before Fifth Refinement, Xie Yangbing did not even cast a glance at Ling Han. It was right until it was after Fifth Refinement that he finally stared at Ling Han out of the corner of his eyes.

Sixth Refinement!

Seventh Refinement!

Everyone couldn’t help but become nervous. This was a Seventh Refinement Grandmaster; this had already reached Grandmaster Zi Cheng’s level.

However, neither of them stopped, and both began their Eighth Refinement.

At this moment, even Xie Yangbing looked nervous. He indeed could attain Eighth Refinement, but he could not guarantee that every attempt would be successful. In fact, the chances of failure were considerably high.

He had to be extremely careful, and very cautious.

The process of Spirit Refinement could be sped up, and a day later, both of them stopped.

A hint of joy appeared in Xie Yangbing’s expression; he had succeeded!

However, when his eyes passed over Ling Han, his expression immediately became extremely ugly.

Ling Han had also completed Eighth Refinement!