Chapter 2405: Recruitment

Everyone was certain that Ling Han would definitely be done for with a collision like that.

But when they looked again, their eyeballs almost popped out in their shock.

…Not only was Ling Han completely unwounded at all, Lord Rock Demon King had actually taken the form of a puppy that was jumping and hopping around this man.

‘F*ck! F*ck! F*ck!

That was Lord Rock Demon King, a being that even Lord Feng and Lord Murong respected extremely. Furthermore, for it to be able to claim the title of Demon King, it was clear how terrifying the Rock Demon King’s temper could be. Now, it had actually taken the form of a puppy acting cute and wanting to be doted on. This was practically destroying all their perspectives.

They had surely seen wrongly. All this had to be an illusion.

They looked again, and now it was even more fun. A small beast had popped out of who knew where, standing on its hindlegs. Its hindlegs were tough and strong, but its forelegs were extremely short and tiny, with claws curled up in front of the chest, looking like a human.

But the small beast was very fierce, as it tore and bit at Lord Rock Demon King.

Not good, Lord Rock Demon King had been thrown down. Its mighty physique was for nothing, as it had still been pushed down onto the ground by the small beast. The small beast was now jumping around on Lord Rock Demon King’s body.?Bang, bang, bang, with every leap, the ground would tremble, showing how frightening the small beast’s power was.

Everyone’s face was ashen. If it was them being stomped on by the little beast, wouldn’t their intestines be stomped out as well?

Ling Han laughed, and said, “All right, all right. This is Small Rock, this is Little Terror, and you are family.” RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Though Little Terror had yet to reach its strongest state, it had already recovered to the peak stage of the Fourth Severance, and was a creature that could become an emperor tier, so its battle prowess was naturally frigthening. It easily managed to defeat the stone golem.

Ling Han looked back at Small Rock. “You’ve been slacking off, haven’t you? Tens of thousands of years have passed, so why haven’t you advanced into the Dividing Soul Tier yet?”

“Woof!” The Rock Spirit imitated the barking of a dog as it crouched by Ling Han’s feet, looking plaintive.

If it cultivated on its own, even if it could advance into the Dividing Soul Tier, that would have to be several tens of billions of years later. A short few tens of thousands of years was not much at all. ‘Furthermore, Master, you didn’t give me any rock essence, so how could I be able to grow?’

“All right, all right, I’ll give you some.” Ling Han scattered casually, and it was all the jade spirits. For the Rock Spirit, this was definitely comparable to Celestial medicines.

The Rock Spirit’s eyes shone, and it started hurriedly grabbing these jade stones, while an expression of vigilance stayed on its face. It would definitely fight anyone who dared to approach now.

Meanwhile, Little Terror looked on with disdain. Those were just a few stupid stones; was there any need to value them so much?

“Come, take me to Big Brother and the others.” Ling Han patted the rock golem.

The Rock Spirit nodded quickly, leading the way ahead.

Everyone was stunned silly. Who had ever seen Lord Rock Demon King so well-behaved and obedient?

There was only one possibility.

Ling Han, that lord that existed in legends, had finally returned.

The Rock Spirit led the way, and they arrived at a mountain peak. A dazzling palace was built on the summit.

There were guards at the doors, but when they saw the Rock Spirit leading the way, they were involuntarily surprised.

Who did not know that this was an important place, and only the most important people were allowed entry? Though Lord Rock Demon King was indeed qualified, what was the meaning of bringing along so many people with it?

Ling Han opened his mouth, and called out, “Big Brother Feng, Third Brother Murong, Uncle, I’m back!”

Xiu, xiu, xiu.?Suddenly, figures shot out of the palace one after another.

“Fourth Brother!”

“Ling Han!”

“Master!”

A considerable number of people pounced towards them. Meanwhile, Yue Zhen Shan looked towards Yue Hongchang. As the siblings reunited, they naturally had much to talk about. The Asura Demon Emperor definitely had the most exaggerated expression, looking as if he had seen his father. He had grabbed hold of Ling Han’s leg, and was not letting go. This was a great opportunity to show his loyalty.

Immediately, a feast was laid out to welcome Ling Han and his group with a command from Feng Po Yun.

After exchanging conventional pleasantries, Ling Han finally asked, “What are you guys discussing? Have you met with some kind of trouble?”

Yue Zhen Shan nodded. “We have encountered some trouble, but since you are back, everything will definitely be fine.”

As it turned out, their development was optimistic, and looked like they would be growing bigger and bigger. Thus, one of the forces in the city extended an olive branch to them, wanting to take them under their own authority.

Feng Po Yun and the others were discussing whether they should accept this invitation. Once they accepted, their overall safety would be greatly improved because they could raise the banner of that clan.

But there was also a disadvantage, and that was they had to hand over a great portion of their profits.

Furthermore, while that force was recruiting them, they had not forgotten to issue threats, either. If the time came for their reply, and the reply from Feng Po Yun and the others was refusal, that would very likely be the instant that they would be eliminated.

Ling Han smiled faintly. “No need to give them any regard.”

The strongest elite in Separation Resentment City was only at the Immortal Palace Tier. He would be able to settle the matter with a single finger.

Everyone felt a blind confidence in Ling Han. Since Ling Han said there was no need for any regard, he definitely had absolute confidence. Immediately, they let go of their worries, and began to drink to their hearts’ content.

It was inevitable that Feng Po Yun and Murong Qing would ask about the Rain Emperor. Ling Han had returned, but they had not seen the Rain Emperor, so they were concerned about him.

Ling Han laughed loudly. “Second Brother is now exceedingly powerful. He has long since advanced into the Ascending Origin Tier, and has become a Monarch Star at that.”

Everyone knew what Ascending Origin Tier was, but did not know what Monarch Star meant, so they all asked curiously.

Ling Han took the chance to fill them in, but did not speak of the matter of the Realm War. This was too far away from them. In any case, they would not be of much help, either, so they should just enjoy their lives here.

He took out a great amount of alchemical pills, which he bestowed on them, and at the end, everyone was no longer drinking. Instead, they were all listening to Ling Han’s teachings.

Limited by their individual aptitude, as well as resources, not one person here had managed to advance into the Dividing Soul Tier, so there was naturally no Fifth Severance, either. That would be unrealistic. Even if Ling Han was the Alchemy Emperor, there was no way he could help everyone reach the heavens in a single bound.

In cultivation, one could ultimately only depend on oneself.

Ling Han studied them, and there were but a limited few that could break through to the Dividing Soul Tier. They all needed to expend an ocean of resources. Under normal circumstances, they were completely able to nurture a few dozen, or even over 100 Dividing Soul Tier elites.

Yet Ling Han was unconcerned. What did he want so many resources for? It was natural that he should spend them on his family and friends.

A few days later, the deadline given for Feng Po Yun and the others to reply had arrived.

That was a noble clan of Separation Resentment City, the Qin Clan.

The ancestor of the Qin Clan was a Heaven Soul elite. If he could take one step further, he would have a say even in Separation Resentment City.

Unfortunately, taking this step was as difficult as ascending the heavens. Who knew how many years had already passed, and the ancestor of the Qin Clan was still circling around in the Heaven Soul tier, and it was possible that there was no hope for him to ever advance into the Immortal Palace Tier at all. He would be slowly consumed by the Immortal’s Tribulation.

The Qin Clan indeed came punctually. Ling Han had Feng Po Yun and the others entertain them. In any case, he was only responsible for fighting.

He was presently teaching Little Terror. This little guy was a creation of the Foreign Realm, and could be considered naturally gifted in the Foreign Realm, being strong from birth. However, after arriving in the Celestial Realm, it had to start back from the beginning, and its advancement was exceedingly slow.

Thankfully, Little Terror was built differently. It did not need to go to any natural Mystery Realms for breaking through. As long as its power advanced, it would naturally be able to break through.

In fact, it could be said that there was no such thing as cultivation level for it. It could be considered as a smooth, straight line. The stronger it was, the higher its battle prowess, which was unlike cultivators—with every advancement to the next cultivation level, their strength would soar greatly.

Little Terror was a natural creation of the Foreign Realm, and it was highly possible that it possessed the power of heaven and earth of the Foreign Realm, which had skipped over the level of Regulations. Thus, there was naturally no concept of cultivation level for it.

This level of being was higher than that.