Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2409: The Celestial Path appears

Time passed swiftly. Everyone was rapidly raising their respective cultivation level.

10,000 years had passed, and Ling Dongxing and his wife had finally advanced into the Severing Mundane Tier. Furthermore, it was achieved through Wally’s special method, so they had had no need to severe their earthly bonds.

This kind of Severing Mundane Tier would be weaker than ordinary Severing Mundane Tier, but Ling Han was unworried. What he wanted was merely cultivation level. As long as they could advance to the Ascending Origin Tier in future, he would be able to forcefully raise them to the Celestial King Tier with the Celestial King Pill.

Even Ling Dongxing and his wife had been able to advance to the Severing Mundane Tier, what more the others, who advanced even faster.

Ling Han had not completed the second tempering of Source Power yet. Then, another 5,000 years passed, and he finally completed this second step, advancing into the great consummate level of the Ascending Origin Tier.

Once the upper limit of his cultivation level was unlocked, his battle prowess soared madly once more, his Vitality Index reaching as high as 4,999 points.

The lowest standard for Celestial King was 5,000.

Just short of a single point?

Ling Han was surprised. He was weaker than the Celestial King Tier. There seemed to be a mysterious restriction in the heaven and earth. You were not a Celestial King, so there was no way you could possess Celestial King Tier battle prowess. However, he was really just short of a single point, so it could really be considered as no different.

Similarly, his Defense Index was also short of one point from 5,000. In other words, should a First Heaven Celestial King attack him, they could hurt or even kill him, but they would need to attack him countless times. Probably a First Heaven Celestial King would get a headache from such terrifying defense.

By this stage, the Source Power in Ling Han’s body was mostly extremely pure. What he needed to do was to expand his reserves of Source Power and fill up his entire Dantian to reach the peak stage of the consummate level.

This step took a very, very long time. Source Power was Origin Power concentrated. About 100,000 portions of Origin Power could condense into only a single portion of Source Power, which showed just how difficult, and naturally, how astonishingly time-consuming this could be.

However, Ling Han had enough confidence that he could definitely attain the peak stage of the consummate level before the Celestial Path opened.

If worse came to worst, even if he fell a bit short, that would be fine. The Celestial Path would be open for a very, very long time. He could absolutely attain the peak stage of the consummate level while he was on the Celestial Path.

Hu Niu, the Empress, and Bewitching Maiden Rou were all confident that they could reach the peak stage of the consummate level before the Celestial Path opened, but there was no hope for the others. They were not just a little bit away from that point.

Once more, Ling Han focused his energy on alchemy. He was determined to boost the successful pill concoction rate to 100% for Five-Star alchemical pills. Otherwise, when the time came to concoct the Celestial King Pill, even if it was just a single failure, he would still feel extreme heartache at the waste.

With an astonishing money-making machine like Alchemy City, Ling Han’s wealth became more and more abundant, and the number of Celestial King Pills that he could concoct also increased. Of course, he was still lacking Celestial Seeds, which could only be obtained on the Celestial Path.

100 years, 1000 years, 10,000 years… Time passed swiftly. Ling Han’s only regret was that he still had not managed to find his son. Who knew how this unfilial son of his was doing by now? Now that he had a wife, he didn’t want his elderly parents anymore. He did not return to visit them even after so long.

The deadline of 30,000 years was close at hand, and Ling Han and the others set out once more, planning to walk the Celestial Path and become Celestial Kings.

Every single one of them was slightly excited. This was Celestial King Tier, the highest level in the Celestial Realm—the Heavenly Venerable Tier could not be counted in, as their numbers were pitifully few, after all. The number of Heavenly Venerates could be counted on one hand.

Ling Han, Hu Niu, the Empress, and Bewitching Maiden Rou had naturally reached the peak stage of the consummate level Ascending Origin Tier, and Little Terror was not far behind, either. After it had adapted to the new way of cultivation, it had already returned to the consummate level of the Ascending Origin Tier, possessing frightening battle prowess.

The four of them, along with Wally, headed north. At the northernmost region of this mainland lay the entrance to the Celestial Path.

Though the Celestial Path was called a path, it was actually a massive Mystery Realm. Both the Western and Eastern Celestial Realm had a “path” of entry, which would only appear once every 10 billion years.

Ling Han and his group traveled over mountains and rivers, and arrived at the entrance into the Celestial Path three years later.

At this time, there were still about two years left until the opening of the Celestial Path.

The time was not fixed. Sometimes, it would be earlier, and at others, it would be later. Hence, everyone would try to arrive as early as possible.

Because Yan Xianlu and the others were still cultivating in Saintly Origin Academy, they would be entering through the entrance of the Western Celestial Realm, and would not encounter Ling Han and his group here.

“Damn brat, Grandpa Dog will send you on your last journey.” The large black dog popped out from who knew where.

Ling Han couldn’t help but feel gloomy. He was not dying, so what was all this about “his last journey”?

This damn dog did indeed have a bad mouth.

Ling Han humphed, and asked, “Have you developed Heavenly Venerable Tier power yet?”

“Damn brat, Grandpa Dog was just coming to call you to accounts!” The large black dog’s expression was filled with displeasure. “Those stupid cultivation techniques, models, formulas of yours, ptui, Grandpa Dog has not understood them even after so many years!”

Ling Han laughed loudly. “Please do not blame others for asking a difficult question for your own stupidity.”

The large black dog ignored him, and pulled Wally aside. It was unknown what the man and dog were muttering quietly about, and Ling Han couldn’t be bothered to care, either. It had to have something to do with cultivating the power of heaven and earth.

Many recognized Ling Han, and knew that he was the chairperson of Alchemy City, as well as a Five-Star Grandmaster himself, and thus came forwards to greet him.

Even if most of everyone here were Ascending Origin Tiers, there were still some that were here to watch the excitement. Their strength varied, and there were very few of them, but even if anyone successfully walked the Celestial Path, and managed to become a Celestial King, they would still have to be polite to Ling Han.

In the first place, the cultivation environment of the Eastern Celestial Realm could not be compared to the Western Celestial Realm’s at all, and added with the majority of monarch tiers and king tiers having gone to the Saintly Origin Academy, there were pitifully few here that were prodigies. Even if they had set foot on the Celestial Path, there would still be pitifully few that could form a Celestial Seed, and become a Celestial King.

In the blink of an eye, three years had passed.

Everyone was waiting like they usually did. One day, a rainbow suddenly appeared in the skies.

Immediately, everyone’s eyes were drawn. Upon closer look, they realized this was not an ordinary rainbow. Not only did it have nine colors, one end of it was planted on the ground, while the other end was connected to the boundless galaxy.

“The Celestial Path has appeared!” someone suddenly shouted, and a commotion immediately arose.

For some of them, this was not the first time they had been here, while for others, it was their first. That kind of excitement naturally could not be compared with what the wily old foxes felt. They were filled with confidence, and thought that it was the business of others should they fail, and they themselves would definitely succeed.

Ling Han turned, and asked, “Wally, are you going?”

“No, no!” The large black dog waved his paw repeatedly. “He’s Grandpa Dog’s now, so don’t have any ideas about him.”

Wally simply stood silently at the side, giving tacit agreement.

Ling Han couldn’t help but laugh. Who knew what the large black dog had sacrificed that Wally would agree to cooperate with him. Mm-hm, there was an 80% chance it was Divine Metal. It seemed like Wally only accepted this, and the large black dog was a Ninth Heaven Celestial King, so he definitely had to be able to obtain Divine Metal.

“All right, we’ll leave then.”

Ling Han and the others set out, heading towards the rainbow. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

They were not the first. A considerable number had already stepped onto the rainbow, but they had not walked too many steps when they fell down. As a result, others flew, wanting to directly land in midair, but strangely, they could not land on the rainbow from midair.

Ling Han and the others also set foot on the rainbow. Their first feeling was that it was slippery, which caused their footing to become unsteady. They nearly all just fell off instantly.

No wonder so many people hadn’t been able to stand firmly. Indeed, the cultivation level of Ascending Origin Tier seemed to have lost all effectiveness here. That was because this was a natural Mystery Realm, whose might was something that even Celestial Kings could not stand against.