Chapter 2410: Sensing the power of heaven and earth

Why was it so difficult for Ascending Origin Tiers to become Celestial Kings? To say nothing of finding or forming a complete Celestial Seed, merely passing this path to enter into the real Celestial Path was as difficult as ascending the heavens.

It was visible that the Ascending Origin Tiers looked like they were people just learning to walk, falling after every few steps, and looking very miserable.

Ling Han took a look. By now, even the person who had walked the farthest had just barely walked a distance of about 90 meters. The majority were still flailing at around the height of 30 meters in a very amusing manner.

He walked past them, and got a personal experience as well.

Why was it difficult to walk?

That was because this rainbow bridge was formed by Regulations, and it was nine different Regulations that were constantly changing. Unless one cultivated a corresponding Regulation, they would be seriously targeted, and would very easily slip off.

You wanted to cross the bridge? You could.

Firstly, you had to be proficient in these nine Regulations, and then you would still be able to handle it calmly no matter how much the Regulations changed. But below Celestial King Tier, who would have so much free time to cultivate other types of Regulations?

Even if you did, it would only be two or three different types all together. Four? Five? Sorry, you would not have so much energy.

Hence, to be proficient in nine different Regulations was truly something that was practically impossible.

Secondly, when one’s grasp of a certain Regulation reached the pinnacle, then no matter how the outside world changed, one would use the same technique to deal with any changes. This naturally was one way. Though they had to be extremely cautious and careful, it suited the majority of cultivators.

For example, the Empress, Hu Niu, and Bewitching Maiden Rou had all just focused on cultivating one single Regulation, and purely because of the Greatest Eternity Everlasting Physique, they had also attained considerable accomplishments in the Regulations of Time. They could still forge on steadily, not at very fast speed, but every step was firm and steady.

Ling Han had cultivated every cultivation level, every Regulation to perfection. Hence, he could cross safely on any single one Regulation, what more with the many Regulations he had grasped.

Yet Ling Han did the opposite. He did not use any Regulations, and just simply strode forwards like that.

His Body Art had been tempered with the power of heaven and earth, and its level was superior to Regulations. Ling Han wanted to test to see if it could be used here.

At first, he could not set foot on the rainbow bridge at all, being inferior to even the weakest of Ascending Origin Tiers.

This had drawn the secret mockery of a great many. But because they were wary of his identity as the chairperson of Alchemy City, not one of them laughed out loud. However, it was inevitable that they would be whispering quietly among themselves.

“Why has an alchemist come to join in on the excitement?”

“What alchemist have you met that had become a Celestial King?”

“Natural talent differs. How is it possible that they could claim the top simultaneously in two different fields?”

“That’s right. Five-Star Alchemist is already awesome enough, and he still wants to become a Celestial King?” Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

These were all short-sighted people, all making wisecracks on the sidelines. But they were limited to whispering and muttering among themselves. None of them would dare to have Ling Han overhear them.

Actually, Ling Han had heard them, but he could not be bothered to give any reaction. By now, what need did he have to be concerned about the opinions of these pieces of trash?

He was just like a tiger. No matter how much an ant provoked him, he would not be bothered to pay any regard.

Ling Han told the Empress and the others there was no need to wait for him. In any case, if he fell too far behind, he could catch up with them with the power of Regulation. He was sure that reaching the top of the rainbow would not need too much time.

He was very intrigued by the Celestial Path itself.

Before this, he had deliberately asked for guidance from the Eternal Prosperity Celestial King, and had Wally do an analysis and prediction as well. He thought that it was highly possible that the Celestial Path was the core of the Celestial Realm—or at least a place that was close to the core.

Hence, he would be able to grasp the essence of Regulations here, or even form a Celestial Seed, which could be planted in the mind of a cultivator. It was connected to Regulations. I am Regulations itself, and I am the representative of the heaven and earth.

What Ling Han was concerned about was that since they were already close to the core, could he sense the power of heaven and earth here?

He had heard from Wally that the Genesis World was made up of six types of essence energy. It was the same for every dimension. However, the higher the level of the dimension, the more such essence energy it possessed, and the greater the allowance of space for elites.

For example, the Celestial Realm and Foreign Realm were actually both low-level dimensions, but while the Celestial Realm could not accommodate a First Tier Heavenly Venerate, the Foreign Realm could do so.

Aside from these six essence energy types, every dimension possessed a power that was unique to it. It could also be considered its own mark, and could only be grasped when one had become a Heavenly Venerate.

Hence, there was another reason that Ling Han was determined to enter the Celestial Path, and that was to sense that unique power of the Celestial Realm.

A mere Ascending Origin Tier, even if he became a Celestial King, would only be a First Heaven Celestial King, and he actually wanted to sense the power of heaven and earth, and reach the heavens in a single bound?

If this was any other person, this naturally would be a joke, but Ling Han could already extract Void Particle Energy by now. Though he could not refine it at all, and could only use this kind of power to make it flow through his body and temper himself, he had still sensed this level of power before, after all.

Precisely because of this consideration, he used the power of heaven and earth to try walking the rainbow bridge.

He failed countless times, but had absolutely no intention of giving up. He had a vague feeling that this was possible.

He did not know why he was so certain, but he just believed it.

100 times, 1000 times, 10000 times. Though the Empress and the others were walking very slowly, they had still walked to a point that could no longer be seen with the naked eye after so long, and a lot of people had also adapted to the changes of the rainbow bridge. Those that could succeed had more or less succeeded. Step after step, they were walking towards the other end of the rainbow bridge.

Ling Han naturally became the butt of jokes for many people, mainly because they were jealous. He was the chairperson of Alchemy City, the youngest Five-Star Alchemist in history, and if he was still so freakish in cultivation, how would others be able to live with themselves?

Humans would always think of a way to give themselves some feeling of superiority.

30,000 times, 50,000 times, 100,000 times!

Ling Han suddenly broke into a grin. He had finally grasped the key, and vaguely sensed a power that was close to the level of Void Particle Energy, but was still distinctly different.

…That power that belonged solely to the Celestial Realm.

If this was known to other Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings, they would definitely be mad with envy.

To the Sealed Emotion Heavenly Venerable and Jiuwu Heavenly Venerate, becoming a Second Tier Heavenly Venerate was transcendance, but for the majority of Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings, becoming a Heavenly Venerate was actually transcendence as well. Otherwise, they would only be equals with Regulations.

Sensing that unique power of the Celestial Realm was the first step towards Heavenly Venerable Tier. Unfortunately, too many Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings could only watch but not reach even this step.

…If there was any Celestial King in the Celestial Realm presently that could do this, it probably would only be the Imperial Void Celestial King. Otherwise, he would not have the grand ambition of definitely becoming a Heavenly Venerate in an epoch’s time.

This was the power unique to the Celestial Realm.

Ling Han nodded internally, and attempted to use the model that Wally had given him to absorb this power. Unfortunately, though, there was no way to stimulate it at all.

It was very simple. This model, or rather technique, from Wally was meant for Void Particle Energy, and this power belonged solely to the Celestial Realm. It was unique, so the method was completely unsuited.

It was fine. Since Ling Han had already sensed this power, it was equivalent to having taken the most crucial step from the Celestial King Tier towards Heavenly Venerable Tier, and Ling Han hadn’t even become a Celestial King yet!

Ling Han’s confidence was naturally even more abundant when it came to becoming a Heavenly Venerate.

He began to stride forwards, every step taken like he was walking on flat land. In fact, he even began to run afterwards.

Because his body had been tempered by Void Particle Energy before, its overall level was superior to Regulations, and had even surpassed that unique power of the Celestial Realm.

Once he had adapted, he began to burst out.

Ling Han ran madly.