Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2413: A complete Celestial Seed

The Blue North King was a First Heaven Celestial King, and had ascended Dao around seven billion years ago, but his strength was still quite extraordinary. That was why he managed to lay claim to his own territory, and become the ruler of his territory.

However, the closer it was to the core of the Celestial Path, the greater the forces would be, and the stronger the Celestial Kings there would be as well.

Why?

It was said that there was an amazing treasure at the heart of the Celestial Path. All the great Celestial Kings were contending for it. Hence, they established their own forces. On the one hand, it was so that they could war with one another, and on the other, they were searching all over for it.

But so far, no one had managed to obtain this treasure yet.

Ling Han very much wanted to know what this treasure was. Unfortunately, limited by his status, the shorter man had no means of knowing this great secret.

“Then, what is this thing?” Ling Han tossed the red substance in his hand and caught it again. This thing was very shocking, actually being able to stimulate that unique power of the Celestial Realm. Though it could not be used to temper the body, if he could experience it continuously, it would definitely help Ling Han advance faster to the Heavenly Venerable Tier after he had broken through to the Ninth Heaven Celestial King Tier.

“We call this the Crimson Demonic Earth,” the shorter man replied.

“Where does it come from?” Ling Han was more curious about the origins of this substance. Could it have been shot forth from the core of this realm?

“I don’t know, either,” the shorter man said. He was speaking honestly; this material was nothing rare in the Celestial Source. Just like alchemical pills and weapons, there would be people selling it, and the price was not exceedingly high, either. At the very least, it was completely a price that an Ascending Origin Tier could afford.

Direct consumption was actually the simplest method to use the Crimson Demonic Earth. It could also be used for building structures, which would boast incredibly firm defense. This was also how the Crimson Demonic Earth had gotten its name.

Additionally, adding a little Crimson Demonic Earth when forging weapons would greatly increase the might of the weapon, but Crimson Demonic Earth was a consumable substance. Once it was used up, this weapon would become ordinary as well.

“What about Celestial Seeds?” Ling Han asked further.

“Celestial Seed is an extremely valuable item!” the shorter man quickly replied. At the same time, his expression also held a hint of envy. “One can only harvest Celestial Seeds by himself, and nurture it in his own body. The moment it is taken out, it will be worthless.

“I have already been at the peak stage of the consummate level of the Ascending Origin Tier for 1.7 billion years, but I still have not gathered enough Celestial Seed shards, and Celestial King Tier is still far ahead in the distance for me.”

He shook his head, seeming very disappointed.

To obtain a complete Celestial Seed was an illusory feat. One could only gather broken shards, and then use their own body as a cauldron to fuse them together. Those who were more powerful would be able to nurture an entire complete Celestial Seed.

Just ask all the Celestial Kings in the world; the majority of them had progressed from the Ascending Origin Tier in this manner.

But there were also those who had heaven-defying luck and strength, and had directly obtained a complete Celestial Seed. After they became Celestial Kings, their strength was also world-shaking, far surpassing that of Celestial Kings of the same level.

This could be considered the pinnacle level of the Ascending Origin Tier.

Instantly, Ling Han felt his heart throb wildly. He did not hope that Liu Yutong and the others like his parents whose natural talent was not that high in the first place would fight. Hence, it was all right as long as they could become Celestial Kings, and no longer had to be afraid of Immortal’s Tribulation.

They could use the Celestial King Pill that was refined with the Celestial Seed that was pieced together from broken shards to break through, but he, Hu Niu, and the Empress, as their main military strength, would definitely have to break through with complete Celestial Seeds.

Otherwise, he would rather choose to retreat from the Celestial Path before the deadline of 10,000 years, and wait for another attempt after another 10 billion years. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

If the foundations were not sturdy enough, how could a high tower be built?

“Let’s go and take a look at Blue North City.”

Ling Han had the shorter man lead the way, setting out towards the territory of the Blue North King.

After Hu Niu played for a while, she lost interest. With a clap of her hands, she could not be bothered to pay any more regard to the taller man, and set off in pursuit of Ling Han and the others.

This journey to Blue North City was not very long. It only took about half a day’s time before a great city appeared ahead of them.

Ling Han was surprised. In his impression, the cities of the Celestial Realm were all as large as planets, but this city was far from reaching this extent. Instead, it was about the same size as the cities in the Lower Realm. He could see the entire city with just a single glance.

“I heard that the cities from outside are countless times bigger than this?” the shorter man asked. When he saw that the tall man had not died, he was relieved. There was no need for him to worry that Ling Han and his group would kill him to keep him quiet.

Ling Han nodded, and said, “Why are your cities here so small?”

“Probably because we have a small population,” the short man answered as he sighed.

Indeed, there was a limited number of people who would be trapped here every time the Celestial Path opened, but after so many years, they should have multiplied and had many descendants, growing in great numbers, right?

According to the short man, this mainly was a problem of birth rate. Even if the people here were not very strong, the chance of pregnancy was still exceedingly low. Hence, there was no need to build a very large city at all, or it would be hard to see even a single person in a radius of 5,000 km.

The short man led Ling Han and the others into the city. The people here also knew that the Celestial Path would be open every 10 billion years. Hence, the city was also incredibly lively, taking out various local products to be used to trade for things that could not be found here. If these goods were resold again in the future, it would definitely bring a fortune.

Of course, the Crimson Demonic Earth was the most important of all. Aside from it being sold directly, there were also weapons and shields that were forged from a mixture of Crimson Demonic Earth and other materials. Their prices were also very profitable.

The strange thing was there were no Star Stones produced on the Celestial Path. Hence, Star Stones had also become something that the locals of the Celestial Path hoped to obtain from the outsiders the most.

These products of Crimson Demonic Earth were actually very ordinary in the eyes of the locals—even if they weren’t considered ordinary, they would just be slightly more expensive items. They were just like Celestial medicines. Though they might be expensive, there would still be buyers.

But as Ling Han saw it, these were all items that could not be seen or bought outside. He did not mind spending great sums to purchase them. In any case, Star Stones were actually the most worthless items to him.

The party of four shopped madly, and the shorter man felt very envious as he watched them spend Star Stones like flowing water from the sidelines. This was something that was in shortage on the Celestial Path, and it was also an expendable item. They could only replenish their stores every 10 billion years.

What Ling Han lacked the least was money. They only returned with satisfaction once they had bought about enough, but a great many traders were still chasing behind them, fighting to shove their goods off on them. They previously had truly been too spendthrift, not even bargaining when they were shopping. This kind of customer was naturally their favorite.

There were inns here, and Ling Han and his group rented a courtyard, planning to spend some time here—primarily because they wanted to find out about Celestial Seeds.

There were two types of Celestial Seed in the Celestial Path. The first type was a complete Celestial Seed. One could become a Celestial King just by obtaining one, but firstly, this item was incredibly rare, and secondly, it would definitely be located in extremely dangerous and terrible environments, and once there were others contending for it, it would definitely result in massive bloodshed.

Who did not know that a naturally complete Celestial King was incredibly valuable, and that someone who used it to become a Celestial King would have battle prowess that was much greater than his peers?

The second type was an incomplete one, which could appear anywhere.

What Ling Han wanted to know was if there were any complete Celestial Seeds in the vicinity.

He made his queries, and he really did manage to get some information. Around 5,000 km outside of Blue North City, there was indeed a complete Celestial Seed!

There was a Celestial Tree there, which would flower every few trillion years, and bear fruit after another several trillion years. These fruits would only ripen after yet another few trillion years, and altogether, it would take precisely an entire epoch.

And the fruits borne by this Celestial Tree would be complete Celestial Seeds; furthermore, there could be as many as three to five fruits borne on this tree!

Ling Han’s heart thumped in excitement.