Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2417: The Celestial Tree appears

In the sky, the sun was gradually setting, and the moon was slowly rising.

After a long time, the moon hung in the middle of the sky, and the fog in the valley suddenly evaporated completely.

“We can go in now!”

Shen Hao was leading the way ahead, while Ling Han and his group followed behind. Meanwhile, after the red-clothed woman and the others glared harshly at the receding backs of Ling Han and his group, they turned around and left.

They were going to return and file a complaint. A few outsiders actually dared to covet the Celestial Tree. The Blue North King would definitely be furious when he found out. Who knew, he might personally move to deal with Ling Han and his group.

It was very strange. Previously, the fog in the valley filled the air, and one could not even see the fingers on his own hand. In a daze, he would somehow circle back out. Now, however, not even the slightest bit of fog could be seen. Though there was no sunlight; underneath the gentle and beautiful moonlight, everything was an elegant white, and everything could be seen very clearly.

It was not difficult to traverse this stretch of path. Shen Hao walked very quickly. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Ling Han and the others naturally would not be so easily trusting. Every step they took would be placed on the part of the ground that Shen Hao had already walked over, which they also memorized firmly.

After they had walked for around 5 km, the scene ahead suddenly opened up to a wide panorama. It was like they had walked into a plain.

“Look over there,” Shen Hao said, pointing at a cliffside in the distance.

Ling Han and his group all focused their eyes and looked over. Vaguely, they could see a tree that was growing on the side of the cliff. It was only three feet tall, and had very dense leaf coverage. Meanwhile, five bright red fruits were growing in between the leaves, and were covered in veined patterns that could not be described with words. It was not known whether it was because they were too far off, but they could not see the clear details of the veined patterns.

“It should not be because of distance,” Ling Han soon declared, shaking his head.

The Empress nodded to express her agreement. “We are only 3000 meters away from that Celestial Tree, at most, but when we look at that Celestial Tree, it seems blurred. This is not normal.”

“When will the fruits ripen?” Hu Niu was more concerned about this.

Shen Hao thought for a while. “Even my master does not know when the Celestial Tree would bloom or bear fruit. This Celestial Tree has always been public knowledge as well, so no one knows the exact details of the time. But in the last few months, the fruity fragrance could be smelled. According to ancient scrolls, the time of ripening for the fruits should be within the next 10 years.”

“It’s here!” he suddenly exclaimed, immediately falling to sit on the ground.

Ling Han and the others also smelled a refreshing fragrance. It could not be clearly described what kind of fragrance it was, but it was extremely fragrant, revitalizing, and soothing, as if they had fused with great dao.

“This fragrance is emitted by the Celestial Tree. Don’t miss out on it. It can be used to form a Celestial Seed!” Shen Hao advised.

Ling Han and the others were all curious. The shards of Celestial Seeds were really everywhere.

They still sat down cross-legged, and inhaled that fragrance, experiencing it carefully.

A kind of enlightenment surged in their minds, where a tiny point of light took form, as if to nurture something.

So this was a Celestial Seed shard?

“Seems like the Celestial Seed is very easily formed,” Hu Niu immediately declared.

Ling Han also thought that it was odd. Going by this manner, as long as he inhaled a few more breaths of the fragrance, he would be able to condense a complete Celestial Seed without needing too many years.

Shen Hao asked them, and when he found out about their circumstances, he couldn’t help but stare speechlessly.

After a long while, he finally asked in a stuttering voice, “You, could it be that you guys have the legendary Celestial Physique?”

“What Celestial Physique?”

“Celestial Physique means that you are connected with great dao, and are prodigies that can easily condense a Celestial Seed,” Shen Hao explained. “It is practically impossible for such a person to appear on the Celestial Path. I heard that this kind of monster could only appear among the outsiders!”

Ling Han gave an oh. This so-called Celestial Physique should be referring to monarch tiers, an existence that was destined to be capable of becoming a Celestial King. Thus, it was especially easy for them to form a Celestial Seed, and through previous efforts, they had already gained the approval of the heaven and earth. Forming a Celestial Seed and becoming a Celestial King was only going through the motions.

But a Celestial King like that… would have limited strength because this was pieced together from incomplete Celestial Seeds. How could it compare to a naturally complete Celestial Seed?

Ling Han explained this to the three women, which also gained the latter’s agreement. Three of them were Monarch Stars, so it was naturally even easier to form a Celestial Seed, and Ling Han himself had actually surpassed the usual range of Monarch Stars, and his Evolution Index had already broken through to 11!

They were all nurturing Celestial Seeds. This was completely fine—as long as they did not allow the Celestial Seed to sprout in their bodies at the last step and grow into a Celestial Tree. They could discard it at any moment, and start again from the beginning with a new Celestial Seed.

Nurturing a Celestial Seed could help them experience the Dao of Celestial King Tier in advance, which would be greatly beneficial for their future cultivation.

Take Shen Hao and the others for example. They were also condensing a Celestial Seed as they waited for the celestial fruits to ripen. If they could harvest it, they would exchange the Celestial Seed without the slightest hesitation.

Ling Han experienced it carefully. Even an incomplete Celestial Seed represented the Regulations of heaven and earth, which reached directly to the essence.

Only once he figured out the essence of the Regulations would he be qualified to surpass Regulations and become a Celestial King.

“Why do we not go forward a little more?” Ling Han suddenly asked. If they stayed here, a considerable amount of fruity fragrance would be dispelled by the winds.

Shen Hao shook his head. “It cannot be helped. It is too dangerous ahead, so we can only be here. Master, too, has come before, but the moment he came, the Celestial Tree immediately fled. Hence, it is impossible to rely on the power of a Celestial King to harvest the Celestial Seeds.”

This was quite interesting.

Ling Han did not stare blankly on the spot. He immediately stood up, and walked slowly onwards.

He was not satisfied with just absorbing a little pollen here. Since he would be contending for the fruits in future, he first had to probe the path ahead of him—because the fruits might only ripen 10 years later, but it could also be tomorrow. The time for this Celestial Tree to bear flowers and then fruits was a whole epoch. The time of around 10 years would in comparison be like the time it took for an ordinary person to breathe in, which was extremely short.

One step, two steps, three steps. When Ling Han took the fifth step, he abruptly discovered that the valley had changed. Previously, the moonlight was as clear as jade, yet now it was filled with an eerie feeling. It was like he had entered into a pit of ghosts all of a sudden.

This was not just a feeling. A coldness suddenly rose up from underneath a rock, and it quickly formed a skull, which released a sharp cry as it pounced towards Ling Han.

The cry was incredibly shrill, as if it wanted to burst Ling Han’s ear drums with the volume.

Ling Han humphed. “In the clear and bright universe, how could demons and ghouls be allowed to do evil? Disperse quickly! Humph!”

Pa, that skull immediately exploded.

‘Holy! F*ck!’

Shen Hao saw this, and his heart involuntarily squeezed strongly all of a sudden.

It was not that he had not attempted to barge past here. He had similarly been faced with this skull. Though he had indeed managed to barge past, he was battered and exhausted. It was only after great effort that he managed to deal with it. Yet with a shout from Ling Han, the skull was shattered. The gap in strength was really as wide as the gap between heaven and earth.

Ling Han was not concerned over Shen Hao’s shock. He continued forging onwards, and very soon, another rock glowed, and turned into a sword that swept out towards him.

Ling Han waved a fist, and?peng, this sword was suddenly shattered into bits.

Shen Hao was dumbstruck once more. In the past, it was this sword that had forced him into retreat. He had only managed to pass this sword after a whole seven attempts.

…Ling Han must have consumed the Crimson Demonic Earth, he thought. Otherwise, he would really lose his mind.

Ling Han strode onwards. Every rock and every bit of earth here could become a great weapon that would launch an attack at him, but they were all dealt with by a punch or a shout from him.

He was a supreme monarch star. To say nothing of Body Art, merely in terms of Regulations, his Vitality Index reached as high as 4600 points!