Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2419: Change of attitude

These disciples of the Blue North King were all extremely arrogant, and thought that their aptitudes were some of the best. Otherwise, how could they have possibly gained the notice of the Blue North King?

And now they were told that there were other stronger prodigies that were two levels higher than them; how could they possibly accept that?

The man from earlier continued, “Emperor tier is superior to king tier, and monarch tier is superior to emperor tier. King tiers are invincible against their peers of equal cultivation level outside, and emperor tiers can still be invincible with a gap of a minor level. As for monarch tiers… they would be invincible even with a gap of two minor levels!”

Everyone was struck speechless. They knew themselves well. Before advancing into the Ascending Origin Tier, they could only be invincible against their peers. Now that they found out that there were some that could actually be invincible with a gap of two minor levels, they could not accept it. The feeling of superiority that they had maintained for such a long time instantly collapsed.

So, as it turned out, there really were such freaks in this world!

Meanwhile, Hu Niu scoffed, “You guys really are frogs at the bottom of a well. Monarch tier is not the strongest. Above the monarch tier, there is still the Monarch Star, and there are another two levels above the Monarch Star itself!” However, the levels higher than Monarch Star had no specific name, and only had the measurement standards of Evolution Index, which was respectively 11 and 12.

Ling Han’s Evolution Index had reached 11, but 12 was really hard to imagine. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

Hearing Hu Niu’s words, everyone was even more dazed, filled with disbelief.

Ling Han was still bravely forging onwards. He was exerting his full might, and his Body Art was incredibly frightening. He could destroy an enemy with a single punch. This was completely the act of a Celestial King, and also caused everyone to become distracted. They thought that Ling Han actually should be a Celestial King who had deliberately disguised himself as an Ascending Origin Tier.

In just over a dozen breaths’ time, Ling Han had charged to the mountain’s side.

Looking from this angle, that Celestial Tree was much clearer.

He tried to climb the mountain. Instantly, a frightening pressure assailed him, which made him feel extremely heavy. He was like a rock that had been tossed into the sea, and could only sink downwards.

Just this to make things difficult for him?

Ling Han gave a shout, and a boundless light surged out of his body, and instantly bore up against the pressure as he climbed upwards towards the summit.

Shen Hao couldn’t help but shake his head, filled with ruefulness and admiration. “Indeed, we cannot compare to him, because he has completely developed the human body’s treasure troves.”

“Human body’s treasure troves?” everyone asked, and even the Empress and the others turned to look at him.

“Every person is a tiny realm of their own, containing great power, and is equivalent to a treasure trove. If one could completely unleash his power, his battle prowess would be supreme!” Shen Hao said solemnly. “This is what Master has said.”

Everyone looked solemn at this. Since this was what the Blue North King has said, it had to be a supreme truth.

The Empress and the others nodded as well. Actually, Wally had said something similar, but it was too profound, something like if one’s own quality was decreased by even a single gram, they could release power strong enough to destroy a planet. It could not be understood at all, but the basic meaning was the same: every single person was a treasure trove in itself. They had all been nurtured by the heaven and earth, and possessed the power of heaven and earth. As long as this power could be extracted, their battle prowess would be extremely terrifying.

Amidst their stunned exclamations, Ling Han had climbed to where the Celestial Tree was.

Because he was not a Celestial King, the Celestial Tree did not flee. It seemed like this was natural order. If the person who needed the Celestial Seed could come here with his own power, the great opportunity would be easily reachable.

Ling Han did not pluck the fruits directly. He merely watched those few celestial fruits and observed them. They had not ripened yet, and plucking them now would be too much of a waste.

But even at such a short distance, he could not distinguish clearly the veined patterns on the fruits, as if there was a mysterious power that was concealing them.

Ling Han waved a hand over at the Empress and the others, telling them to come over as well. Otherwise, if he proceeded to pluck the fruits, they would either be for his own use or be concocted into a Celestial King Pill. However, if one used the Celestial King Pill, their cultivation level would be eternally limited to the First Heaven Celestial King Tier. That naturally could not be done.

The Empress and the others began to barge through. Their strength was also very powerful, but their Vitality Index was only around 4500, and definitely could not compare to Ling Han’s. Hence, they could only reach around the 1500-meter point. Bewitching Maiden Rou was even weaker. She was only a monarch tier, and was already battered and exhausted even before she reached the 1500-meter point.

They each took out some Crimson Demonic Earth, which they consumed, and when their battle prowess had been greatly boosted, they forged onwards.

Shen Hao and the others could see this clearly. At this, they were completely convinced.

…The Empress and the others had used their own power to barge to that earlier point, and had even surpassed them when they had already consumed the Crimson Demonic Earth. WIth this simple comparison, the gap in their strength was extremely apparent.

Unlike Ling Han, who had long since been tempered by the power of heaven and earth, and on whom consuming Crimson Demonic Earth would have completely no effect, the strength of the Empress and all the others gained an astonishing boost. For monarch stars, their Vitality Index would soar to 4800, and for monarch tiers, Vitality Index could also rush to 4700, allowing them to sweep aside all obstructions. They were practically unstoppable.

But the closer they got to the cliffside, the stronger their enemies became, which made their progress increasingly difficult.

Thankfully, the three women worked together, and still managed to battle their way to the foot of the cliff.

It was rumored that the closer one is to the heart of the Celestial Path, the more perfect the Celestial Seed would be. Then, it was clear that the difficulty level of obtaining it would be higher and higher.

Ling Han shook his head internally. Looks like Bewitching Maiden Rou was only limited to this. She had exerted her full efforts just to obtain the complete Celestial Seed here. If there was only the slightest increase to difficulty, she would definitely be unable to pass.

True enough, the three women began to climb the mountain. Bewitching Maiden Rou had managed to climb to the summit, but she was panting very heavily, as if she would pass out at any moment.

“We should train more here. I think stronger Celestial Trees would also be hard to approach, and it would be even harder than this in the future,” Ling Han said.

The Empress and Hu Niu both nodded. Later, they would retrieve a Celestial Seed, but definitely would not use it to break through immediately. After all, this was just a complete Celestial Seed, but not a perfect one.

Bewitching Maiden Rou grimaced. The fact that she managed to become a monarch tier itself was already surpassing her own potential and limits, and she had to make another breakthrough now?

That was really too difficult for her.

They observed the Celestial Tree at close quarters, and only descended into the valley after a very long time.

If the celestial fruits were ripe, there would be very obvious advance signs. The intensity of the fruity fragrance would be raised over 100 times.

When Ling Han and his group returned, Shen Hao and the others all looked feverish.

In their thoughts, there was absolutely no one that could pluck the celestial fruits. Thus, they had only placed their hopes that they would be favored by the heaven and earth, and the fruits would drop after ripening, and there would just happen to be one that coincidentally rolled to their feet. But the chances for this kind of possibility naturally was close to practically zero. But now? Someone really could pluck a complete Celestial Seed!

Though absorbing the incomplete Celestial Seeds, and continuously piecing together and nurturing them, they would still eventually obtain a complete one. Compared to a naturally complete Celestial Seed, there was at least a gap of three times of battle prowess between the Celestial Kings that broke through with these different methods.

Hence, they all rushed towards Ling Han and his group.

“Brother Ling, was it? There are a total of five celestial fruits up there, yet there are only four of you. Why don’t you sell the last one to me? Just name your price.”

“No, sell it to me, I guarantee that my offer will be double of anyone else’s!”

“My offer will be two times higher!”

“Mine is five times!”

“I offer 10 times!”

They scrambled over themselves, and offered conditions that would scare even themselves.

However, if they slowly accumulated incomplete Celestial Seeds by themselves, there would be no hope of completion without at least a few billion years.

If they could become Celestial Kings in advance, no matter how high the price they had to pay was, what fear would they need to have that they would not be able to earn back what they had paid?