Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2420: The Blue North Celestial King

Ling Han naturally would not be promising anyone.

There was an exceedingly large number of people in his family that needed Celestial King Pills. Even if he had 100 celestial fruits, that would not be too many for him, what more when there was only a single extra fruit now?

Seeing how Ling Han was unwilling to agree to their offers, everyone’s eyes bore hatred, but no one dared to show their resentment. The gap in strength was too wide.

However, some of them had already left. They would seek out the Blue North King and make their complaints. Why should Celestial Seeds that were formed in their own territory be obtained by outsiders? They would ask the Celestial King for help, forcing Ling Han and his group to pluck the ripe fruits, and then hand them over to them.

That was even better!

Shen Hao sighed. “Brother Ling, you guys are being too showy. This is just creating trouble for yourselves.”

“What is it?” Ling Han asked smilingly.

“You guys have proven that you possess the strength to pluck the celestial fruits, and no matter how strong you guys are, there is no way you can match a Celestial King.” Shen Hao shook his head. “Those junior sisters and junior brothers of mine would definitely ask Lord Master to step out. By then, you guys will only be paving the way for others, and may even be in life-threatening danger.”

Ling Han was surprised. Why did this Shen Hao keep favoring outsiders instead of his own side? Such a personality was really hard to come by.

“Brother Shen, you are truly a very strange person,” he said with a chuckle.

Shen Hao grinned as well. “I was born like this. Nothing I can change.”

Ling Han nodded. “However, there is no need for you to worry about us, Brother Shen. Since we have come to the Celestial Path, we have naturally prepared ourselves.”

To say nothing of his terrifying Body Art, he had not used those several Heaven and Earth Origin Stars, either. There was nothing better than that as an intimidation tactic for lower tier Celestial Kings.

Shen Hao naturally would not believe him. The gap between Ascending Origin Tier and Celestial King Tier was far, far too large. There was absolutely no one that could breach this gap at all. However, since Ling Han was so insistent, Shen Hao couldn’t be bothered to persuade him further. This was also part of his personality.

Ling Han and his group sat quietly, absorbing the fruity fragrance of the Celestial Tree while they nurtured the Celestial Seed in their minds.

Day after day passed, and other people finally arrived at the valley.

These were outsiders. They had entered Blue North City at a much later time, but still knew about the existence of Crimson Demonic Earth and a complete Celestial Seed. Hence, they, too, had come here, hoping to test their luck.

If they really managed to obtain a complete Celestial Seed, that would be reaching the sky in a single bound.

“Grandmaster Ling!”

“Greetings, Grandmaster Ling!”

“Greetings, Grandmaster Ling!”

When they discovered Ling Han, everyone hurriedly approached to pay their respects. He was a Five-Star Grandmaster, someone even more awesome than a lower tier Celestial King. Who would dare to be disrespectful?

Only now did Shen Hao discover Ling Han’s identity. Realization dawned on him. No wonder Ling Han had such overwhelming confidence, and could be unafraid of even Celestial Kings. As it turned out, he was a great elite that could concoct Celestial King Tier alchemical pills!

With this identity, even the Blue North King would indeed have to give him some face, unless the Blue North King could guarantee that he could prevent any news from leaking out after capturing Ling Han. Otherwise, there would definitely be countless Celestial Kings that would invade his territory. This kind of great alchemist was really too useful.

More and more people had come to the valley. Mostly, they were king tiers and emperor tiers. Ordinary Ascending Origin Tiers were still struggling on the rainbow bridge. If they managed to cross the bridge within one or two months, that would already be very impressive.

Hence, with their strength, added with the aid of the Crimson Demonic Earth, Shen Hao and his group could not stop them, either, and could only allow their entry.

Thankfully, it was just a few hundred people, and would not have too much impact.

Many people did not believe how difficult it was to traverse this valley, and insisted on crossing the valley. In the end, they naturally caused themselves a great amount of trouble. There were some that almost died, even.

With more people that had suffered a loss, everyone naturally learned their lesson. However, there would always be new arrivals who thought highly of themselves, and were determined to test themselves.

Ling Han sat quietly. Though he could only absorb some fruity fragrance now, and there was a sliver of Celestial Seed shard contained within, in essence, there was actually not much difference compared to a complete Celestial Seed. Hence, he studied the Celestial Seed in his mind. As Greatest Eternity Everlasting Physique was channeled, he imposed time acceleration effects on himself.

A complete Celestial Seed merged with the cultivator would be able to grow into a Celestial Tree, and this would be a First Heaven Celestial King. And when the Celestial Tree bloomed flowers and bore fruit, seeds would grow again, and that would be a Second Heaven Celestial Tree. This process repeats itself nine times, and that would be a Ninth Heaven Celestial King.

Every time the Celestial Seed grew, bore fruit, and grew seeds once more would be a transformation of Regulations, advancing in the direction of greater strength.

By now, Ling Han was already qualified to touch the threshold of Celestial King Tier. Thus, he studied the Celestial Seed shards, and attempted to understand the Celestial Seed and the Dao of Celestial King Tier at a more primary level.

Unfortunately, this Celestial Seed inside his body presently was too incomplete, so the information he obtained was really just mere scraps, and he could not piece out much of anything.

Unexpectedly, the Blue North King had not appeared all this while. It was unknown whether he was too busy to appear, or could not be bothered to suppress a few Ascending Origin Tiers, or if it was not time yet, and he would wait until the fruits of the Celestial Tree fully ripened before appearing to force Ling Han to pluck the fruits and hand them over.

In the blink of an eye, seven years had passed.

At a specific point in time on this day, the fruity fragrance wafted over, yet it seemed as if these celestial fruits were right underneath their noses with how astonishingly intense the fragrance was.

“The celestial fruits have ripened!”

Instantly, everyone’s eyes became bloodshot. These were naturally complete Celestial Seeds. If they used this to become Celestial Kings, their battle prowess would be at least three times stronger than other Celestial Kings.

Three times!

Yet though they were only 3000 meters away from the valley, such a short distance seemed to be like a gulf, and it was completely impossible to cross this gulf at all.

They could only stretch out their necks, and hope that a fruit would drop, and then roll to their feet with a gust of wind.

Weng, right at this moment, a frightening pressure spread out, and a person was slowly walking out of the fog.

This was too amazing. With the fog locking in the valley, someone actually managed to walk over?

“Master!”

Shen Hao and the others all knelt, paying their respects to this person that was walking over.

This was the Blue North King!

No wonder; only a Celestial King could ignore the fog sealing in the valley.

Ling Han also looked over, and saw that this Celestial King looked to be in his mere twenties. He was handsome and clean-cut, bearing an exuberant spirit of youth, and others would be filled with admiration for him.

The Blue North King was enshrouded in brilliant light, but it was only limited to a single color. This very clearly told the masses that he was a First Heaven Celestial King. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Now that a Celestial King had appeared, a fragrant air fluttered in the air, signifying that the Celestial King had obtained the doting favor of the heaven and earth, which was unlike Heavenly Venerable Tier. The moment a Heavenly Venerate appeared, they would be struck by lightning, and if they dared to make a move, they would be further targeted by the heaven and earth. It was not impossible that they would even be killed.

The red-clothed woman and the others tailed behind the Blue North King, following him blindly, reverent to the extreme.

The outsiders also paid their respects. Though some of them had Second Heaven, Third Heaven, or even stronger Celestial Kings in the forces that backed them, in this place and time, they had to express due respect.

The Blue North King raised his head slightly. He was used to the worship of everyone, so naturally would not be concerned with this kind of respect. With a turn of his gaze, he looked towards Ling Han and his group.

That was very simple. In the entire area, it was only the four of them that had not knelt. They stood out too abruptly.

“I heard that you are a Five-Star Grandmaster?” the Blue North King asked, his tone still quite polite.

Ling Han nodded. “That’s right.”

A great Five-Star Alchemist completely had no need to lower their head in front of a lower tier Celestial King, what more when Ling Han’s own battle prowess was not much weaker than that of a First Heaven Celestial King, either, and combined with his terrifying defense, it was not certain who would be the final victor even if they did really come to blows.

The Blue North King smiled. “Are you interested in staying to help me?”