Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2422: Great attack of the Celestial King

The others only knew that Ling Han was overwhelmingly strong, and could match a Celestial King, yet the Blue North King knew that while Ling Han was indeed strong, there was still a very large gap between his battle prowess and his own.

…Ling Han’s battle prowess had just barely touched the line of the First Heaven Celestial King, while the Blue North King had cultivated for a great many years on First Heaven. By now, he was already in late stage First Heaven, so his battle prowess naturally far exceeded the former.

Ling Han also had his own judgment. The Blue North King’s Vitality Index was around 5400 points, considerably higher than his, but with his tough physique, he was completely capable of clashing with him.

“Hehe, I just had a stroke of unusual luck,” Ling Han stated evenly.

The Blue North King was naturally not going to believe him. What kind of unusual luck could allow an Ascending Origin Tier to possess strength that matched a Celestial King?

Realization dawned on him. “You must be one of the rumored Monarch Stars, and consumed Crimson Demonic Earth. That is why you have this kind of battle prowess.”

The Vitality Index of a Monarch Star was around 4500, and after consuming Crimson Demonic Earth, this could soar directly to 4700. If he continued to consume it further, uncaring of the after effects, the Vitality Index could be boosted to a further level, reaching around 4800 points. Even though this had not reached Celestial King Tier-level, there wouldn’t be as large a gap anymore, after all.

This was the possibility that was closest to the truth that the Blue North King could think of. He was only a First Heaven Celestial King, after all. He was not qualified at all to get in contact with that unique power of the heaven and earth yet, even if there was a considerable amount of Crimson Demonic Earth here.

Consuming Crimson Demonic Earth would have completely no effect on a Celestial King, and this was set by the heaven and earth.

Ling Han shrugged. “Whatever you think.” He paused. “If you want a fight, I can oblige. If not, then don’t keep me from my affairs, either!”

These words were extremely impolite. He was practically saying, “If we’re not going to fight, then just get lost.”

The Blue North King’s eyes involuntarily narrowed. Since he had become a Celestial King, Second Heaven or even Third heaven Celestial Kings had not spoken to him in such a tone. His killing intent rose as he glared fixedly at Ling Han. His index finger moved slightly. The thought of killing this young prodigy rose up in his mind, and could not be dismissed.

“Youth, you are too arrogant!” he declared menacingly.

Ling Han laughed, and rolled the muscles of his neck, shrugging. “If you want a fight, let’s get on with it. Don’t blabber nonsense.”

His Body Art was extremely terrifying. With his movement, it was like a great beast of the Primitive Age had revived. The air reverberated, waves of power surging in all directions.?Peng, peng, peng. Wherever the power waves surged past, everyone stumbled as if they were drunk, and quite a number had already flopped onto the ground.

It should be known that all those that could make their way here had to be at the Ascending Origin Tier!

Only now did everyone have a deeper understanding. Ling Han… indeed had strength that could match a Celestial King!

This was too inconceivable. He had just started on the Celestial Path, and already possessed Celestial King Tier power. Then what about once he formed a Celestial Seed, and truly set foot in the Celestial King Tier? Just how powerful would he be then?

Just thinking about this possibility caused everyone’s breathing to become heavy.

This man had started an era, and set a record that might be one that no one would ever be able to break.

The Blue North King humphed, his hands forming claws, and flickering with a golden sheen.

He had succeeded Dao through cultivating the Regulations of Metal, and was also connected with the Regulations of Metal. It meant that he was a part of the Regulations of Metal. When he moved, endless Regulations of Metal rushed towards and entwined around him, turning into 99 golden dragons, impressively powerful and exhibiting fully the bearing of a Celestial King.

All Celestial Kings could use Regulations per se, but the higher their cultivation level, the more Regulations they could draw on, and, naturally, the greater their battle prowess would be.

And Regulations were the manifestation of the power of heaven and earth, a kind of law that represented the will of the heaven and earth. The rage of a Celestial King would be equivalent to the raging of the heaven and earth, which was unbelievably frightening.

Everyone was sprawled out on the ground, but as long as they had formed a sliver of Celestial Seed, they would be able to hold up against this kind of pressure.

Ling Han was intrigued. Though he had slaughtered Celestial Kings before, that was all through lending the power of an external force. It was either the power of heaven and earth of the neutral zone or the unleashed might of the Black Tower.

This time, would he be able to slaughter a Celestial King with his own power?

The Blue North King moved, striking out with a claw. It enlarged endlessly, and it was as if this golden light was the only thing that remained in the realm.

Ling Han released a battle cry, and used Fists of Fury once more. Incredibly aggressive, he clashed head-on with the Blue North King, not backing down in the slightest.

The two of them fought fiercely, from the ground all the way to the air. The people below them could only see endless lights exploding and flashing, as well as loud noises endlessly blasting like thunder.

Some people wanted to soar into the air, and watch from close quarters, but discovered that they could not rise into the air at all, because the paramount pressure belonging to Ling Han and the Blue North King filled their surroundings. If they rose into the air, they would sustain severe injury, and if they rose further, that would be opposing a Celestial King, and that naturally would result in their complete destruction.

In the skies, Ling Han used all the power at his disposal, fighting to his heart’s content.

Celestial Kings were superior in terms of Regulations. Hence, the Blue North King could extract a great amount of Regulations of Metal, and fill the area completely. Ling Han could not draw on any kind of Regulations at all, and though he had a Celestial Physique, and could use the flow of time, he, too, could completely exhaust his stores without the replenishment from the power of heaven and earth.

Thus, in terms of Regulations, Ling Han was being completely suppressed, but this was all right. In the first place, he did not fight by depending on the power of Regulation. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

On the contrary, without the disturbance of Regulations, he could focus his full attention on Body Art. Every punch and kick was the show of might of his physical power, allowing him to better use this kind of power.

The longer he fought, the stronger he became. At times, he would use his own injuries to exchange for injuring his opponent. His style of fighting was completely unreasonable.

It could not be helped. His physique was too tough. At the ordinary level of defense, it would equivalent to the lowest tier of the Celestial King Tier, and once he actively channeled the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll, his defense could be further boosted madly, being completely capable of bearing up against the barrage of attacks form a Celestial King.

Even the Blue North King was feeling a headache. He had never seen an opponent like this. The latter clearly had Celestial King Tier battle prowess, yet used his own injuries to exchange for injuring his opponent, and fought in such a self-destructive manner.

And what made him feel even more helpless was how Ling Han’s defense was extremely tough, completely capable of bearing his attacks head-on, so whenever he moved, he would be wary, and dared not advance too deeply. What if Ling Han managed to take the chance to just mess around? Then, there really was a possibility that he would be injured.

For a Celestial King to be wounded by an Ascending Origin Tier, just what kind of extreme humiliation was that?

And once he was wary when he attacked, it was even harder for the Blue North King to suppress Ling Han. He could not resolve the situation even after a long time, and the battle was still in a deadlock.

At the beginning, the Blue North King had still been thinking that Ling Han had consumed the Crimson Demonic Earth, and there was no way he could maintain this state constantly. But after two hours of fighting, Ling Han was still energized and lively, and that was when he realized that something was off.

He was a little annoyed. After fighting for so long, he actually still hadn’t managed to suppress Ling Han. This was really embarrassing for him.

Just how could this brat be so strong?

The Blue North King’s heart was filled with curiosity. By now, he could be certain that Ling Han had not consumed the Crimson Demonic Earth, but was rather using a different method to make his battle prowess leap. This caused his heart to throb wildly as a strong covetous desire rose up in him.

He would definitely get hold of this secret technique, and it would definitely increase his strength countless times over. It was not impossible for him to suppress a Second Heaven Celestial King, or match a Third heaven Celestial King!

“Humph!” Blue North King’s figure paused slightly. A Celestial Tree manifested behind him. He muttered a chant, and a golden moon rose up from the top of the tree, emanating thousands of golden lights and shadows.

Ling Han was surprised. He discovered that his body seemed to have frozen, and he could not move the slightest muscle.

Blue North King had released a powerful move.