Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2423: Show of might of the Divine Demon Sword

Ling Han concentrated and looked. The golden moonlight was completely filled with particles, and they were all golden in color. It was these golden particles that caused the moonlight to turn golden.

He had a dawning realization. It should be these golden particles as well that rendered him incapable of movement.

The Blue North King cultivated the Regulations of Metal, and had presently turned this entire area into a Metal-aligned one. Being within this area, Ling Han naturally could not move.

This was a great move, and had to be powerful.

The Blue North King naturally would not waste this kind of opportunity. He pounced, and tapped out with a finger. A golden light shot out, turning into a sharp sword that stabbed out towards Ling Han’s forehead, intending to pierce through his mind itself.

Ling Han was unafraid, a smile appearing at the corners of his lips. The Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll activated, and seals suddenly appeared on his body one after another, exuding a supreme aura that surpassed Regulations.

Peng!

The sharp sword formed by the golden light stabbed Ling Han’s forehead, creating an endless brilliance and forcing Ling Han to retreat continuously, yet it could not wound him in the slightest.

Even a Celestial King could not possibly maintain the channeling of such a great move continuously. The golden moonlight that filled the skies very soon disappeared, and Ling Han immediately recovered his mobility. Immediately, he repaid the Blue North King with a punch of his own.

Weng!

Immediately, a golden shield formed in front of the Blue North King, blocking this strike from Ling Han. However, a deep fist imprint was left behind on the shield. The shield trembled, and turned into golden sand before disappearing. The Blue North King’s hair fluttered, and turned into thousands of sharp arrows that shot forwards.

Ling Han could not possibly channel the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll continuously, either. Instantly, he was pierced by the arrows, his physique tearing apart, and celestial blood gushed out.

Thankfully, the arrows did not penetrate too deeply, and could not cause too much damage to him.

It could not be helped. In terms of battle prowess, it was indeed the Blue North King that was superior.

But whether it was Blue North King or the spectators below, they could only watch in shock.

A Celestial King had already released a great move, and it had actually only managed to wound Ling Han slightly. Who would not be completely speechless and feeling helpless at this?

Ling Han broke into a grin. “Since you have used a great move, I’ll show you one of mine!” His right hand shook, and the Divine Demon Sword was already summoned.

Since the Black Tower could no longer be used, he had stowed the Divine Demon Sword to be nurtured within his own body.

Though he presently already possessed a Heavenly Venerate Tool, that was still someone else’s, after all. Ling Han planned to forge a precious tool of his own. Hence, the Divine Demon Sword had naturally become his first choice. Furthermore, only the Divine Demon Sword could break through the level of Celestial Tool, and be used by a Heavenly Venerate.

He was sure that the Divine Demon Sword would become even sharper after bathing in Celestial King blood.

“Divine Metal?” The Blue North King’s eyes widened slightly, revealing a hint of seriousness. But at the same time, there was also delight and a hint of jealousy.

Because even he did not possess a Celestial Tool, yet a mere Ascending Origin Tier actually had it, which made him, a great Celestial King, feel emotionally unbalanced.

But that was fine. As long as he killed Ling Han, and plucked his soul, he would be able to obtain the secret of how the latter could be so unusually strong, and the Celestial Tool would naturally fall into his hands as well.

“I will take you down!” The Blue North King moved, and a golden palm descended like a great mountain.

Ling Han did not answer. His sword swept out, the Sword Qi shattering the heavens.

His own battle prowess could not pose too much of a threat to the Blue North King, but it was a completely different story if he had a Celestial Tool in hand.

This is just like how a seven-year-old kid would only be thrashed if he were to get into a fight with an adult. Even if the former managed to strike his opponent, it would not hurt much, either. But what if this kid grasped a sharp sword in his hand then? Then even an adult would have to be wary and careful. Once he was touched by the sharp sword, his skin would definitely be broken, and he would bleed. If his vital points were hit, it was not impossible for him to even die.

The Blue North King was indeed extremely wary, and could only wrap Regulations around his hand to resist the Sword Qi. But to actually clash head-on with a Celestial Tool with bare hands? That was a completely impossible feat, and even a Celestial King would be dismembered.

With sword in hand, Ling Han had actually turned the situation completely on its head. Even in a clash with a Celestial King, he was not at a disadvantage, either. In fact, it seemed like he would be turning around to suppress the latter instead.

‘This…!’

Everyone was once again stunned and dazed. Being capable of barely matching a Celestial King was already a very inconceivable feat, what more when he looked like he would be turning around to beat down on the Celestial King instead. Wasn’t this just going to make their eyes pop out in shock?

Ling Han released a battle cry, his right hand wielding the sword and using the Heaven Destroying Nine Swords, while his left hand curled into a fist, and was still using Fists of Fury. The Greatest Eternity Everlasting Physique was channeled. He exerted time acceleration effects on himself, and his speed began to burst madly. Even an Ascending Origin Tier could not possibly catch a trace of him.

This caused those Ascending Origin Tiers to cower. If Ling Han wanted to kill them, he would only need to use extreme speed, and a casual sword strike would be enough to behead them.

…After all, even a Celestial King did not dare to face this head-on, so wouldn’t an Ascending Origin Tier die with just a single strike?

The red-clothed woman and the others were all trembling. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

It was they that had begged and pleaded, so the Blue North King had agreed to help them, but if the Blue North King was defeated or even severely wounded because of this, they would definitely have to bear the endless fury of the Blue North King in the future.

How could Ling Han be this strong? How could he be this powerful? Was there any justice left in this world?

The more Ling Han fought, the more proficient he became. A thought suddenly occurred to him. He took out a bit of Crimson Demonic Earth with his left hand, and rubbed it on the Divine Demon Sword.

Since a weapon that was infused with Crimson Demonic Earth could show even greater might, then would it have any effect on the Divine Demon Sword?

Unfortunately, the Divine Demon Sword was still the same, and did not surge with greater power.

The Blue North King did get a scare, however. He had thought Ling Han was going to unleash some great move, yet it was just a false alarm. He couldn’t help but become angry and embarrassed. Someone as strong as a Celestial King had actually gotten a scare from an Ascending Origin Tier. How could he bear that? He declared coldly, “Crimson Demonic Earth has no effect on Celestial King Tier power. You are thinking too much!”

Ling Han gave an oh. So that was the case. No wonder he did not see the Blue North King using any Crimson Demonic Earth. It was not because the latter cared for his own reputation, but that it would have no effect at all.

‘Yi, then let’s try another method.’

Ling Han stretched out a hand and took something out again. His left hand now held that Dimension Scroll. Then, he extracted the energy within and poured it into the Divine Demon Sword.

Instantly, a clap of thunder suddenly sounded. Dark clouds spread out densely, with terrifying lightning flashing in their depths. It was like the heavens were raging.

The moment this heavenly tribulation took form, it would be a Heavenly Venerate Tribulation!

To say nothing of how the others were panicking and anxious to the extreme, even the Blue North King was extremely astonished. The extent of terror of this heavenly tribulation had already far surpassed his level, and he would not even dare to imagine it.

Was it an Eighth Heaven Tribulation? Or a Ninth Heaven Tribulation?

This was caused by Ling Han? As a mere Ascending Origin Tier, how could he possibly summon a heavenly tribulation as he pleased? And such a frightening great heavenly tribulation at that?

Thankfully, Ling Han did not dare act rashly, either. If the Heavenly Venerate Tribulation was really allowed to take form, he himself would be the first to be implicated. He hurriedly stopped extracting the energy, and the heavenly tribulation in the skies also stopped storing up power, but the dark clouds were not dispersing at all. At any moment, it was possible that a bolt of lightning would strike.

Zi, zi, zi.?The Divine Demon Sword was flickering with terrifying brilliance, exuding paramount pressure. Even the blade itself was trembling, as if it was about to shatter.

Void Particle Energy, one of the six great Source Powers of the Genesis World, Heavenly Venerable Tier, and the Divine Demon Sword was presently only a Celestial Tool. Sustaining this kind of terrifying power, it naturally was slightly unable to bear up.

Ling Han laughed, brandishing the Divine Demon Sword, and charged out again.?Xiu, a brilliant light was slashed out. This was not just the Divine Demon Sword’s own sharp Sword Qi, but also carried a sliver of Void Particle Energy.

‘How terrifying!’

There were nine Heavens in the Celestial King Tier, and every single step forwards was as difficult as ascending the heavens. The gap among even Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings was extremely great, what more when Void Particle Energy was at the Heavenly Venerable Tier?