Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2425: Ransacking the place of a Celestial King

The Celestial Tree trembled lightly, and did not drop down another celestial fruit. It seemed to be saying that Ling Han had already obtained a celestial fruit, and no benefits would be gained from getting another. It was not willing to surrender another.

Ling Han smiled, and said, “I will concoct it into a Celestial King Pill, and will definitely not waste it.”

When these words fell, the Celestial Tree shuddered again, and then did something that Ling Han had not foreseen.

…It uprooted itself, and then a few thick roots coiled together, as if they had formed into a few legs. Then, it ran off in a flash.

This speed was astonishingly fast. In just a few steps, it had already fled into the distance.

Though Ling Han had already prepared himself to intercept, the moment the Celestial Tree moved, he found out why even the Blue North King had not interfered.

It could not be stopped; it was really too fast.

The Celestial Tree did not have very great battle prowess, nor did it have strong defense, but this speed was definitely supreme to all Celestial Kings. Perhaps only a Fifth Heaven Celestial King and above could successfully intercept it. On the Celestial Path, this naturally could not possibly happen. There weren’t even any Fourth Heaven Celestial Kings here, what more Fifth Heaven Celestial Kings.

Ling Han sighed, and could only settle for looking for the next Celestial Tree.

“Let’s go.”

They descended from the cliff, and everyone was looking at Ling Han with extremely reverent gazes. This was a guy that could force even a Celestial King into fleeing, and he himself hadn’t even become a Celestial King yet. The moment he set foot in this cultivation level, just how strong would his battle prowess be?

The strongest Celestial King in history?

Ling Han swept a glance over them. Minor characters like the red-clothed woman and the others had long since fled. Clearly, they feared that Ling Han would be calling them to account. Even a Celestial King had fled, so what were they worth?

“Let’s go to Blue North City!”

Since they had already feuded with the Blue North King, there was naturally no need to be reserved any longer. Ling Han brought the three women with him to Blue North City, barged directly into the Celestial King Manor, and then ransacked the entire manor.

However, the Blue North King had only ascended Dao for just several billion years, and had too many descendants. Hence, his wealth was not very great, so as Ling Han and the others ransacked his abode, they were mumbling complaints that this Celestial King was really too poor. If the Blue North King heard this, he would probably be coughing up blood. ‘You guys have gone too far, haven’t you?’

This Celestial King did not return to his manor, and it was unknown where he had gone. Ling Han did not care, either. At worst, they could have another battle.

Just how big was Blue North City?

The news of the Celestial King Manor being ransacked immediately spread through the entire city, and everyone was gaping with shock. They had not imagined that outsiders would actually be so ferocious, to actually beat a Celestial King into fleeing. There were also many people who did not believe it, and ran to the Celestial King Manor. It was only when they discovered that all the guards had fled that they finally believed it.

After their ransacking, Ling Han and his group continued on their journey.

The Celestial Path would only open once every 10 billion years. This was a set arrangement of the heaven and earth. Then, it was extremely possible that there were many Celestial Trees here that would be blooming flowers and bearing fruits which would ripen at the same time.

Thus, Ling Han decided to set out quickly. Otherwise, those like Ji Wuming were completely qualified to obtain the Celestial Seed with the help of Crimson Demonic Earth. If he did not rush, it was probable that he would end up with nothing.

They set out on their way. While Ling Han and his group nurtured the Celestial Seed, they felt the change from the Ascending Origin Tier to Celestial King Tier.

After consuming the celestial fruit, there was only a single imprint, and this was the true Celestial Seed. If one used his own will to nurture it, communicating with great dao, it would sprout and ultimately grow into a Celestial Tree.

Ling Han and the others all had more ambitious pursuits, and had no plans of having this imprint turn into a Celestial Seed. They merely placed it in their minds, and carefully observed it.

Because they had ransacked the residence of the Blue North King, they were now falling behind other outsiders. Over a dozen days later, they arrived at the next city, and there was similarly a Celestial King overseeing this city.

Ling Han made his enquiries first, and discovered that there was no Celestial Tree here. Hence, they did not stop over, and merely continued their journey.

They simply hired a carriage, and took their journey slowly and easily. In any case, they had a ride, and they themselves could comprehend inside the carriage. A naturally complete Celestial Seed contained too many secrets. Though it was only a mark, it could manifest into countless possibilities.

“If we can fully comprehend the secrets of this Celestial Seed, we may be able to comprehend the secrets of the Celestial King Tier in advance, and would be able to use Celestial King Tier power to a certain extent,” Ling Han said.

The three women all nodded. This mark was naturally born from the heaven and earth, and contained the secrets of becoming a Celestial King. Only if they truly comprehended the secrets within would they possibly be able to turn the mark into a Celestial Seed, in which it would grow and mature. And the key of all this was actually at the first step, comprehending the secret of the Celestial King Tier, and then using the Celestial Seed to communicate with the heaven and earth and extract the essence of Regulations.

They all cultivated carefully. WIthout a Celestial Seed, the Celestial King Tier seemed unrealistic, and could not be touched at all. But now that they had a Celestial Seed, they could finally touch the threshold of the Celestial King Tier. Though it was only the threshold, and there was still a long stretch for them to go.

Day after day passed, and they felt that there was a certain level of increase to their strength.

For Ling Han, this kind of increase wasn’t actually of much help to raising his full battle prowess, because without becoming a Celestial King, his Vitality Index in terms of Regulations could never break through to 5000 points. It was still his Body Art that was stronger.

The four of them had reached an agreement. There should still be a transition stage between the Celestial King Tier and Ascending Origin Tier, and this could be termed Pseudo-Celestial King Tier. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

The strength of a Pseudo-Celestial King was extremely close to Celestial King Tier, but could not truly touch that threshold, because once Vitality Index reached 5000 points, that would be the Celestial King Tier.

A few months later, they arrived in a new city. A piece of explosive news was heard here; a complete Celestial Seed had appeared!

It was in the depths of an abandoned garden. From afar, a celestial herb could be glimpsed, and it bore a single celestial fruit. Its fragrance could be smelled from a range of 50 km, and a great many people were cultivating outside the garden, absorbing the Celestial Seed shards within the fruity fragrance, and ultimately pieced out a single Celestial Seed.

According to legends, the closer one got to the heart of the Celestial Path, the closer to flawlessness and perfection the Celestial Seed that appeared would be.

Ling Han and his group immediately set out, journeying towards that garden.

However, after traveling three days, the path ahead of them was cut off. The mountain path was steep and rocky, and there was a mysterious power flowing around, which stopped the progress of carriages.

Hence, Ling Han told the coachman to wait there, while he and the three women continued onwards. Little Terror was looking listless. Ever since coming to the Celestial Path, its condition had not been very good. It was possible that this place was too close to the core of the Celestial Realm, and it, as a Battle Beast of the Foreign Realm, was feeling even greater repression.

The four of them walked for over half a day’s time, and arrived at the waist of the mountain. The way ahead of them suddenly opened up to a wide panorama, revealing a stretch of ruins that occupied an astonishing surface area.

This should have been a beautiful sacred palace before, but most of the structures were already destroyed now, leaving behind remains of walls that were only half the height of an adult and stone pillars that had fallen onto the ground. However, it could still be seen how majestic and austere it had once been.

Through these broken remains of the walls, it could be seen that there was a garden in the deepest corners of the palace courtyard. That place was already barren, but there was still a plant that was completely green like jade growing there. Its leaves looked like swords, with a dense purple mist spreading from it. From the first look, they knew that it was extraordinary.

And at the very top of this plant, there was a crimson fruit. This was even more extraordinary, as it was actually entwined in lightning, and this kind of lightning caused a powerful fright to rise up in their hearts even when they were looking at it from such a far distance. It was like they were faced with a heavenly tribulation.

“Lightning-aligned Celestial Seed!” Ling Han and the others all concluded.

Celestial Seeds also had varying elemental alignments. For example, the Celestial Seed they had previously obtained was wood-aligned, and it should be that a single Celestial Tree or Celestial Herb could only bear Celestial Seeds of the same elemental alignment.