Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2427: Fighting a Celestial Tool

Ling Han saw the scene of this palace at its age of greatest prosperity. There were beautiful palace maids walking in and out, soldiers bursting with exuberant youth patrolling back and forth, and finally, he saw a female Celestial King, graceful, elegant, and enchanting.

When he focused his eyes on her, this female Celestial King actually looked back at him, a confused expression appearing on her face.

What great strength!

Ling Han was looking at her through time, and it actually managed to draw her notice?

Crack!

At this moment, a bolt of lightning descended, striking precisely on Ling Han’s head. Instantly, everything was cut off.

The jade walls, high pillars, and beautiful maids all vanished. That female Celestial King was also gone from sight, and everything around returned to what Ling Han had originally seen—damaged, ruined, and miserable.

Ling Han was stunned. Though that had not been a heavenly tribulation, it was also the heaven and earth interfering to cause a disturbance.

He had glimpsed a powerful female Celestial King through the ages, and had drawn the latter’s notice. If this continued too long, it could possibly change history.

Because that female Celestial King was a Ninth Heaven Celestial King. This kind of powerful being only needed a thought, and could make another choice on some important matter, which would very possibly affect history, change history, or even overturn history.

The past could only be the past, and could not be changed. The consequences involved would be too wide-ranging. Hence, the heaven and earth interfered, forcefully interrupting the possible contact that he could have had with that female Celestial King.

Ling Han was now even more curious. Just what great matter was this female Celestial King hesitating over at that time? One choice could take her left, and the other would take her right, and it was actually capable of influencing history?

Never mind.

He shook his head, and continued onwards.?Weng, ahead of him, that damaged sword revived. It was entirely entwined by lightning that crackled and popped. Then, it suddenly removed itself from the ground, and floated in mid-air.

The damaged sword did not immediately attack, and only slanted and turned, the tip of the sword pointing straight at Ling Han. It seemed like it was issuing a warning: don’t come any closer, or I won’t be reserved.

Ling Han did not move, either, and only felt the aura emanated by this damaged sword.

It was very strong. It definitely had the might of the First Heaven Celestial King Tier, but Ling Han had a feeling that this was not the full might of the damaged sword. Once it was fully unleashed, that definitely was not just First Heaven. It might be able to insta-kill even a Third Heaven Celestial King.

This was very normal. At that time, the female Celestial King had been a Ninth Heaven Celestial King. If these four Celestial Tools had all been her precious tools, their might naturally would not be limited to just the First Heaven. Reaching Eighth Heaven or Ninth Heaven would be within reason as well.

Ling Han shook his head internally. He had initially wanted to seize these four damaged weapons, and use them to strengthen the Divine Demon Sword, but from the look of things now, it would already be quite impressive if he managed to cross despite their resistance.

No wonder even the Celestial King here had not retrieved these four Celestial Tools—if it was a Celestial Seed, that would be one thing. In any case, a Celestial King would not be able to use it, either, but these were Celestial Tools. Even if one did not like this kind of shape, he could melt them down and reforge them again, forging them into a shape that he would like.

It was not that he did not want to, it was that he could not do so!

All around, everyone was no longer cultivating. Instead, their eyes were focused on Ling Han.

The locals and outsiders had two completely different states of emotion.

In the eyes of the locals, Ling Han was seeking his own death because even if it was a Celestial King that had come to retrieve the damaged Celestial Tools, he could still put up a fight at the beginning, but as the battle continued, the Celestial Tools would suddenly unleash their might, and cause severe injury to that Celestial King. And this Celestial King who tried was a Third Heaven Celestial King at that.

From then onwards, this place had become a forbidden land for Celestial Kings.

If Ascending Origin Tiers wanted to pluck the celestial fruits, they would definitely be killed by the Celestial Tools.

Meanwhile, the outsiders were filled with confidence in Ling Han. This guy was someone that had even managed to chase a Celestial King away. Suppressing a few damaged Celestial Tools should be no issue for him.

And amidst these differing emotions of the spectators, Ling Han took his first step.

Instantly, the Divine Sword unleashed its might. It was like a king that had been challenged, and suddenly sent out a strike.

With a sweep of the blade, all heavens could be destroyed.

Ling Han covered his whole body with power, and brandished his fists in a counterattack with a roar.?Peng, when his fists landed on the sword’s blade,?weng, a terrifying shock wave reverberated outwards.

Pu!

All those who had been swept by the shock wave turned pale, hacking out mouthfuls of blood. Only Hu Niu and the Empress were exempted because they were already close to the height of Pseudo-Celestial King Tier. They could just barely sustain the aftermath of a Celestial King Tier battle. However, Bewitching Maiden Rou was coughing up blood as well, though she had not spluttered it out.

In this exchange, Ling Han slid backwards over 90 meters, creating deep grooves in the ground with his feet, and the damaged sword had also been struck backwards several dozen meters, but even while it was still retreating, it made a comeback, and shot back to its original spot. It was still exuding a frightening aura directly aimed at Ling Han.

Ling Han looked down, and there was a trace of blood on his hand. Though the wound was not deep, there was still blood seeping out. The sword, on the other hand, was damaged, but that had been the case to begin with, and aside from that, it was completely unscratched.

This was the first time that Ling Han had been at a disadvantage in terms of physique, though his opponent was only a weapon.

He immediately made his judgment inwardly.

In terms of battle prowess, the damaged sword that had not unleashed its might further was inferior to him, but the Celestial Tool was practically indestructible. Even a Ninth Heaven Celestial King would find it very, very hard to damage it. In other words, the damaged sword was already invincible by nature.

Hence, the best result would be Ling Han forcing the damaged sword into retreat, plucking the celestial fruits, and then successfully retreating himself. It was impossible for him to suppress the Celestial Tool, because his strength was still inadequate.

…Even if he truly became a Celestial King, the damaged sword could still unleash its might for the second time. That power would be even more frightening, and could wound even a Third Heaven Celestial King. There was no solution to this.

Unless Ling Han could be even stronger, and reach Fourth Heaven, Fifth Heaven, or an even higher cultivation level. The Celestial Tool would only be a Celestial Tool still. Furthermore, it was damaged, so its might would definitely be limited.

Ling Han pulled himself together, and walked forwards again.

The damaged sword struck once more. A majestic flash of light slashed towards him, shaking the world.

Ling Han shook his right hand, and the Divine Demon Sword was summoned. Even if his present physique was extremely tough, he was still unqualified to clash head-on with a Celestial Tool.

Ding, ding, ding.?The Divine Demon Sword and the damaged sword clashed endlessly, bursting with a boundless, dazzling light.

Ling Han was incredibly aggressive. His left hand continued to use the flow of time, and it would affect either the damaged sword or himself. He had a complete grasp of the initiative, and was beating down on the damaged sword.

Everyone was staring dumbfoundedly, especially those locals. They had never seen such a powerful Ascending Origin Tier before. All of them were gaping widely. It was like they had seen a ghost. Meanwhile, the outsiders appeared very proud. These locals actually dared to look down on them. Just see how powerful one of their prodigies could be.

After striking at least 1,000 times, the glowing seals on the damaged sword suddenly dimmed. With a?pu, it stabbed back into the ground, and made no further move to attack.

At first, Ling Han thought that the damaged sword was going to enter into a second state, and explode with even greater might. He had already prepared himself to flee, but a good number of seconds had passed, and the damaged sword was still motionless.

Pu, right at this moment, the damaged saber beside it flowed, and was similarly entwined in lightning.

Yi, this was a consecutive battle? DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Ling Han laughed. With the Divine Demon Sword in hand, what did he have to fear?

‘Let’s battle it out!’

Xiu, the damaged saber also shot out of the ground, and recovered by itself. It unleashed a frightening fighting spirit, the power of a Celestial King blazing as it launched an offensive at Ling Han.

Ling Han moved, sword in hand and completely unafraid.

After fighting for around 1,000 exchanges, the damaged saber retreated, and returned to the ground. The damaged spear took its place.

Ling Han couldn’t help but grimace. This really was a consecutive battle!

He released a battle cry, and took the initiative to charge out. “No need for so much trouble. All four of you can come at me together!”