Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2429: Killing a Celestial King

Though the celestial fruit had already been plucked, some people had still stayed behind.

This was because the Celestial Tree was still there, slivers of dense Celestial Qi emanating from it. Celestial Seed shards were also contained within, and they similarly were extremely beneficial. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Ling Han was not interested in staying much longer here, though. He and the three women left the palace hall, and arrived in the mountains, continuing their journey by carriage.

He related the message that had been passed through the divine sense of the female Celestial King to the three women, and the Empress and the others were all very shocked by this.

There really were such coincidences in this world!

While Ling Han had the Divine Demon Sword fuse with the Celestial Tools to improve its grade, he took a peek into his mind.

He presently had two Celestial Seed Marks, and they both could form Celestial Seeds.

Ling Han did not hesitate at all, and nurtured the first mark so that it truly became a Celestial Seed because this was something that he was planning to use for an alchemical pill.

And in this process, he could study all the secrets of this mark and grasp its essence. At the end, he would gather the essence of countless Celestial Seed Marks, and form a truly flawless and perfect Celestial Seed.

Celestial Seed was not a solid object, but rather the seed of great dao and an appreciation of Dao.

The Empress and the others followed suit. They were presently nurturing the Celestial Seed Marks in their minds first, and would trade it for a better one when they came upon one. Without a better one, when the 10,000 year deadline arrived, they would complete their breakthrough with this Celestial Seed Mark. After all, it was a complete Celestial Seed, and using it to break through would mean that their battle prowess would definitely not be weak.

The carriage swayed back and forth, and they set out towards the next city.

In only over a dozen days, the Divine Demon Sword had completely refined all four damaged weapons. On the surface, there didn’t seem to be any change at all, but when Ling Han held it in his grasp, he got a clear feeling. The Divine Demon Sword had become slightly stronger.

It was mainly that the gulf between Celestial King Tier and Heavenly Venerable Tier was too wide, and it was possible that the Divine Demon Sword needed several hundred to over 1,000 portions of Divine Metal to truly complete a qualitative change, but as long as it fused with an additional piece of Divine Metal, it would definitely enjoy a slight boost.

But on the matter of nurturing their Celestial Seed Marks, none of the four had achieved any great breakthrough. Even if they had exerted time acceleration effects on themselves, they needed at least 10 years of real time to develop their Celestial Seed Mark for it to become a Celestial Seed.

As they journeyed, the carriage came to an abrupt stop.

“Greetings, Lords!” The shaky voice of the couchman rang out from outside.

Ling Han opened the carriage doors, and saw that the coachman was practically lying prostrate on the ground, sprawled out, and seven men were standing ahead of them, arms crossed behind their backs. All of them were entwined in multicolored light, and one of them was precisely the Blue North Celestial King!

He had vanished for such a long time; as it turned out, he had gone to seek out help.

Though Ling Han was only in the Ascending Origin Tier, his own battle prowess was already at the Celestial King Tier, and added with the aid of the Divine Demon Sword, two to three First Heaven Celestial Kings really weren’t enough to take him down. Hence, the Blue North Celestial King could only journey further and get more help.

Why were they all First Heaven Celestial Kings? If a Second Heaven Celestial King moved, wouldn’t it be an easy move to suppress Ling Han?

Very simple. If he went to seek out a Second Heaven Celestial King, the Blue North Celestial King would lose all say, and what he most desperately hoped to obtain was Ling Han’s spirit to pluck out the secret to his inconceivable strength.

Ling Han’s eyes swept over them, and a disdainful expression appeared on his face. “As great and noble Celestial Kings, you actually have to use an advantage in numbers to win. Hehe, you guys are really honorable!”

When these words fell, all seven great Celestial Kings looked furious. A mere Ascending Origin Tier actually dared insult them to their faces? How outrageously brazen!

“This truly is a guy that doesn’t know the rules!” a Celestial King declared coldly.

Ling Han looked towards him. This Celestial King was dressed in long purple robes, and had the appearance of a middle-aged man. He was lanky and tall in built, with a powerful and dominant bearing.

Ling Han smiled faintly. “Old geezer, do you know how to talk like a human being?”

The purple-robed Celestial King couldn’t stop his eyes from widening. “Brat, what did you say?”

“Old geezer, not only can you not speak well, even your ears have a problem?” Ling Han scoffed. The other party had clearly come to snipe him, so what need was there to be polite any longer?

“There is no need to drop to his level. We should just take him down,” the Blue North Celestial King said impatiently. He still remembered how he had fled in disgrace, and how his own manor had been ransacked entirely by Ling Han. When he heard about this, he had really been close to passing out in fury.

This was an extraordinarily great humiliation he had never experienced!

“Brother Blue North, is this boy really so freakish?” a Celestial King asked.

They really could not believe it. A mere Ascending Origin Tier was actually capable of matching a Celestial King. Even though the Blue North Celestial King repeatedly said that this was not a joke, he still could not accept it.

“That’s right.” The Blue North Celestial King nodded solemnly. If that had not been the case, would he have needed to get six helpers? Did they think that he did not want his pride?

Ling Han stared at the Blue North Celestial King, and with a thought, the Divine Demon Sword was already grasped in his hand. His legs slightly bent, and he began storing up power.

“This is that Celestial Tool?” The Celestial Kings’ eyes were all focused on the Divine Demon Sword, and their gazes were all filled with covetous desire.

The Blue North Celestial King nodded. “This is indeed a Celestial Tool. I am not concerned with how you divide this Celestial Tool among yourselves, brothers, as long as you hand this boy over to me.”

“Agreed!” The other Celestial Kings all nodded.

Shua!

Right at this moment, Ling Han had finished accumulating power, and with a sudden toss of his right hand, the Divine Demon Sword shot out like an arrow, flying rapidly towards the Blue North Celestial King.

This toss had incorporated all of Ling Han’s power, and was further boosted with the Regulations of Time, so its speed had reached an indescribable level.

More importantly, after the Divine Demon Sword had absorbed the four damaged weapons, it now actually possessed new might.

In a mere flash, the Divine Demon Sword traversed through space, and arrived in front of the Blue North Celestial King, as if it had ignored all matters of distance.

The Blue North Celestial King was petrified.

If this was any other weapon or even a punch from another Celestial King flying towards him, he would be confident enough that he could preserve his life. It was only a matter of how serious his injuries would be. However, the Divine Demon Sword was too terrifying, and he had already experienced a loss before due to its might.

He unleashed a roar. He no longer had any time to flee, and as he tried his best to bend backwards, he focused all his power into his forehead to defend against this strike.

Pu!

The Divine Demon Sword streaked past, and directly sank into the Blue North Celestial King’s forehead. This stab went all the way to the end, and left only the hilt that was still sticking out of his forehead.

This Celestial King stumbled, his face bearing an expression of absolute disbelief. It had only just been a short period of time, and he had actually been insta-killed with a single sword strike from Ling Han?

Peng, he collapsed onto the ground loudly.

Instantly, the heaven and earth paled. A shower of blood rained copiously, exuding endless grief.

A Celestial King had died, and the heaven and earth grieved.

The other six Celestial Kings were dumbfounded. Who could have imagined that Ling Han would move so decisively? He was clearly being surrounded by seven great Celestial Kings, yet actually dared to take the initiative to make the first move, and it was such a fierce, domineering assault at that. He had killed a Celestial King with a single sword strike.

They went through some slight recollection, and felt that though Ling Han’s toss was filled with power, it could only catch a Celestial King off guard, at most. The true deadly weapon was the Celestial Tool itself. It had directly transmigrated through space, its speed so fast that even a Celestial King could not react in time.

The Blue North Celestial King…. had really died for nothing.

All six great Celestial Kings felt a sympathy that arose from seeing one of their peers killed in such a manner. In terms of strength, the Blue North Celestial King was definitely in no way inferior to Ling Han, yet he had still been killed with a single strike, which was something that even now, they found a little hard to accept.

“This Divine Sword is too extraordinary!”

But it was only a single instant, and an intense greed rose up in all six great Celestial Kings. In the hands of an Ascending Origin Tier, this Divine Sword was already so powerful. Then, if it was them wielding it, just how powerful would its might be?