Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2430: Pseudo-Celestial King

The six great Celestial Kings all released battle cries, and pounced towards the corpse of the Blue North Celestial King at practically the same time.

They naturally did not have their eye on what the Blue North Celestial King would have left behind, but rather wanted to snatch the Divine Demon Sword that was still stabbed into his forehead.

This was really a war of titans, all using their respective tricks. The six great Celestial Kings all used all the means at their disposal to ensure that they would be the first to reach it.

Ling Han shook his head. “What are you guys scrambling around for?” With a hook of his finger,?xiu, the Divine Demon Sword floated by itself, the blade of the sword exuding a terrifying might. It was like a Celestial King unleashing his might.

From the angle of a Tool, the Divine Demon Sword presently was only an Eight-Star Pseudo-Celestial Tool, but even so, if Ling Han wanted to command it to move, it naturally was also a small matter. But in terms of sharpness, the Divine Demon Sword was really too frightening. It had drunk the blood of Celestial Kings, refined Divine Metal, and as its murderous aura seeped out, even a Celestial King would feel wary.

As expected, the Divine Demon Sword floated into the air, and wherever the tip of the blade pointed, every single Celestial King felt a chill rise up in their hearts. Involuntarily, they took a step back.

With a thought, the Divine Demon Sword immediately shot back towards Ling Han.?Pa, he stretched out a hand and grabbed it, and he now held the Divine Demon Sword once more. He smiled calmly. “Who else wants to commit suicide?”

The six great Celestial Kings all looked livid.

The kind of might that the Divine Demon Sword could unleash in Ling Han’s hands was something that they had just witnessed with their own eyes, and if they were being honest, if this sword had been shot towards them, who would have had the confidence that they could manage to block it?

Not even a single one!

Hence, they all rapidly drew out the distance, and it was only in this manner would they feel a sense of security.

Great and noble Celestial Kings, and it was a six against one battle at that, and they were actually on the defensive?

It could not be helped. Who asked Ling Han to hold such a powerful weapon?

Actually, the six Celestial Kings did not think that their combined forces would not be able to suppress Ling Han. As long as all six of them moved at once, Ling Han would only be able to handle one, at most, and were five Celestial Kings still not enough to suppress a single Ascending Origin Tier?

But the problem was, who would be willing to become the person to make the sacrifice?

…If Ling Han could read their thoughts, he would definitely scoff. Though his battle prowess had just barely reached the Celestial King Tier, that was the same for his defense. So what if five Celestial Kings barraged him at the same time? To cause a serious or even fatal blow to him was definitely not something that could be done in two or three moves.

The six great Celestial Kings were all gloomy. At first, they had thought that it was too much of a fuss for seven great Celestial Kings to join forces for the sake of a mere Ascending Origin Tier, but they hadn’t even started fighting, and already one of their number was killed by Ling Han. And now, they fell into such an embarrassing situation; how could they bear this?

Faced with Ling Han’s disdain, they could say nothing to refute him.

“Are we fighting or not? If not, then don’t block the way,” Ling Han stated evenly. Though these words weren’t very polite, compared with his previous words, this line was much better.

The six great Celestial Kings exchanged looks, and all of them shook their heads because none of them wanted to be the one to sacrifice themselves for the benefit of the others. Hence, their alliance naturally could not be established.

Xiu, one Celestial King was the first to leave, which was followed by the second, the third, and in a mere instant, all six Celestial Kings had left.

Ling Han did not become careless. The Divine Demon Sword was too desirable. Those six Celestial Kings would definitely not give up the matter so easily. They would definitely lurk in a dark corner somewhere, looking for a chance to make their move.

They were Celestial Kings, the strongest beings of the Celestial Realm, and were equals to Regulations themselves. Who would dare underestimate them?

“Continue the journey,” Ling Han said calmly to the coachman.

“Yes, yes!” The coachman was practically astounded by Ling Han now. He had shot a Celestial King to death with a single strike, and sent other six Celestial Kings into leaving. This battle achievement was practically blinding.

He hurriedly prompted the carriage, respectful to the extreme.

Ling Han swept a glance at the corpse of the Blue North Celestial King, and stretched out his hands to search for his belongings. As for the body itself, he did not touch it.

After all, the Blue North Celestial King was a human. Ling Han felt that using the former’s blood to improve himself was a bit strange, and could not be accepted. This was unlike the Ancestral Kings of the Foreign Realm. He did not feel any kind of psychological guilt from using theirs.

The carriage forged onwards, and arrived at the next city a few months later. However, there were no celestial fruits that just happened to ripen here. Hence, they continued their journey, heading towards the next city.

It seemed like their luck had become bad. They had traveled to a few cities in succession, and still had not encountered the ripening of celestial fruits, and the time they had spent on the journey was already as long as seven years.

After reaching the next city, Ling Han decided to have the carriage stop, and no longer journey onwards. They found an inn, and began to nurture their Celestial Seed with all their efforts, increasing their own battle prowess.

In the blink of an eye, another three years had already passed.

Ling Han and the others had already developed the Celestial Seed Mark, and had also obtained all the secrets contained within. As long as they pushed it just that slightest bit further more, they would be able to advance into the Celestial King Tier,

At this time, all of them stopped. They had further aspirations. The first Celestial Seed was far from reaching the level of perfection, and was not suitable to become their Celestial Seed.

Ling Han began pill concoction. He had long since prepared the rest of the ingredients; the only thing missing had been the Celestial Seed.

Before coming to the Celestial Path, Ling Han had only planned on collecting Celestial Seed shards and slowly accumulating them into a complete Celestial Seed, after which he would concoct a Celestial King Pill. Who could have imagined that they would actually be so lucky for all of them to have a complete Celestial Seed each so quickly, and with one extra at that. This was already enough to be used to concoct the Celestial King Pill.

This was enough to make the majority of future Celestial Kings die of envy because if one ingested the Celestial King Pill, their accomplishments would be eternally limited to the First Heaven. This was too wasteful.

Yet Ling Han was unconcerned. He took out the first Celestial Seed. It was no longer a solid object, but rather a complete spiritual mark.

No wonder one would only be limited to the First Heaven through ingesting the Celestial King Pill. That was because what was being branded was the understanding of great dao belonging to another person, so how could they possibly take another step further, and produce a second Seed?

Under time acceleration effects, Ling Han completed the concoction of the Celestial King Pill only half a day later.

He had succeeded, thought the completed pill had just barely attained Two Stars. He had almost failed.

But at his first attempt concocting a Celestial King PIll, and one that was Five-Star level at that, he succeeded. This was enough to show just how amazing Ling Han’s skill in alchemy was.

They ended their short period of seclusion, and continued onwards.

Their stopover this time was definitely worth it, not because Ling Han had concocted the Celestial King Pill, but because a great improvement had taken place in the strength of the Empress and the others.

They had officially leaped into Pseudo-Celestial King Tier!

Ling Han had fought them before. Without using any other methods, the Empress and Hu Niu’s Vitality Index could reach 4800 points, and after consuming Crimson Demonic Earth, their Vitality Index could draw extremely close to 5000, but it was still that little bit away. And in the case of Bewitching Maiden Rou, under normal conditions, her Vitality Index was around 4700, and it would soar to 4900 after consuming Crimson Demonic Earth, which was also very powerful. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Now that their battle prowess had increased, they could go and obtain better Celestial Seeds.

They realized that if that had not been the case, aside from someone who had freakish luck like Ling Han, who first became the overlord of a minor realm, then encountered Wally, and obtained the Dimension Scroll, allowing him to extract Void Particle Energy and thus push his Body Art to the height of the Celestial King Tier, the Vitality Index of others—even Ji Wuming—would have been 4700 at most, and this was taking the Crimson Demonic Earth into account as well.

But with this kind of stepping stone now, there was now the possibility of obtaining a perfect Celestial Seed.

They set out once more, and arrived at the next city, and it was here that Ling Han discovered the cultivators from the Western Celestial Realm!

It was not that they could only meet cultivators from the Western Celestial Realm after having already traveled half the journey, but rather that there was not too much deviation after both sides entered into the Celestial Path, and that was why they were only able to meet here.