Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2435: Resolve

The more Yu Wudi fought, the more apprehensive he became.

‘What’s going on?’

It wasn’t like he hadn’t ingested Crimson Demonic Earth before. How could he not know about the duration of its effects? He had already struggled through his window of inability to ingest Crimson Demonic Earth, yet Ling Han was still going on as incredibly strong as before? This made absolutely no sense!

Perhaps Ling Han had ingested Supreme Crimson Demonic Earth? Strengthened Crimson Demonic Earth?

Right now, Yu Wudi could only hold firm on his belief that he had ingested the Crimson Demonic Earth later, so his battle prowess would definitely decline slower than Ling Han’s. That being the case, he would definitely have the last laugh.

The two of them continued to do battle. As he was someone who had been invincible during his times, Yu Wudi’s battle instinct and experience were tremendous. Moreover, his Vitality Index was also identical to that of Ling Han at this moment, and they more so both had a Celestial Tool in hand. Thus, he was naturally no weaker than Ling Han.

The battle was fierce as they traded blows, back and forth. Blood would spray through the air from time to time, painting a magnificent yet cruel scene.

Ling Han was boiling with fighting spirit as his Divine Demon Sword danced through the air. He was truly battling to his heart’s content.

He was relying on his Body Arts, so he could continue to battle like this for essentially as long as he liked. However, Yu Wudi’s situation was completely different. The Crimson Demonic Earth would only be effective for a limited amount of time! Moreover, even after ingesting the Crimson Demonic Earth, his battle prowess could only near that of Celestial Kings, not surpass it. Even if he ingested it twice, risking self-harm, he wouldn’t be able to change this fact.

Yu Wudi’s battle prowess started to decline again.

He was astonished, furious, and terrified. This was inconceivable! This was unacceptable! How could such a freak possibly exist?!

“Y-you! Just what kind of technique did you use?” he asked. He didn’t want to die a confused death.

Ling Han smiled in reply. Did he have an onus to explain this?

“You’re about to die, so why do you need to know so much?”

Yu Wudi’s face flushed beet-red. Back then, just how domineering had he been? He had crushed his opponents, and others could only prostrate themselves before him. Now, however, Ling Han was actually viewing him as a walking corpse? How could he accept this?

He gritted his teeth as a thought flashed through his mind.

If he were about to die anyway, what use was a grand opportunity?

Yu Wudi unleashed a loud bellow.

Boom!

A devastating aura erupted from his body. This was the aura of a genuine Celestial King!

Firstly, he didn’t want to die. Secondly, there was a ball of raging anger in his chest. Thus, he decided to ascend to the Celestial King Tier!

There was still an opportunity here, that being a flawless Celestial Seed. If he obtained it, he could near the fundamental source of heaven and earth. Upon becoming a Ninth Heaven Celestial King, he would have a sliver of hope to become a Heavenly Venerate.

Even though this would only be a sliver of hope, it was still enough to elicit envy and jealousy from the other Celestial Kings. To mention no one else, even the profoundly powerful Imperial Void Celestial King was still unable to take this critical step.

It was also because of this that the Imperial Void Celestial King had sealed his single child for several epochs. It was for no other reason than to obtain this astonishing opportunity.

However, Yu Wudi couldn’t wait any longer. After all, what use was a Celestial Seed to a dead person?

He roared in fury, sending waves of devastating energy into the surroundings. His Celestial Seed Mark transformed rapidly, growing into a true Celestial Seed.

Ling Han frowned upon seeing this. If he allowed Yu Wudi to truly become a Celestial King, with his aptitude of a monarch star, his battle prowess would most likely soar to the Second Heaven. Add to that his Celestial Tool, and his battle prowess would become unimaginable.

At that time, to say nothing of killing Yu Wudi, Ling Han wouldn’t even be able to rival him. He would become the one fleeing for his life.

His only option was to kill Yu Wudi before he ascended.

Ling Han’s gaze was baleful, and he showed no hesitation as he furiously lashed out. He decided to prevent Yu Wudi from breaking through. RêAd lat𝙚St chapters at nô(v)e(l)bin/.c/o/m Only

“You can’t stop me!” Yu Wudi roared. He was a monarch star, someone destined to become a Ninth Heaven Celestial King. Traversing the Celestial Path was only to complete a process, and he could easily condense a Celestial Seed and complete his ascension.

Moreover, he had already obtained a complete Celestial Seed Mark long ago, and he had also fully comprehended this mark. It was only because he yearned for this flawless Celestial Seed that he had held back from ascending for so long. He had simply used his Celestial Seed Mark to become a Pseudo-Celestial King.

Now that he was unleashing his cultivation, ascending to the Celestial King Tier was naturally an easy and smooth process.

Boom!

Bursts of powerful energy erupted from his body. At the same time, dark clouds gathered in the sky, forming heaven’s calamity.

Ling Han couldn’t stop this!

Right now, Yu Wudi had truly gained the strength of a Celestial King. Even though he had yet to fully ascend, there was already no need for him to consume the Crimson Demonic Earth to maintain his battle prowess.

Crack!

A bolt of lightning cracked down, transforming into a giant lightning person as it attacked Yu Wudi.

This was the true battle prowess of a Celestial King. It was as terrifying as could be.

Ling Han stopped his attacks. If he continued to attack Yu Wudi, that would be equivalent to becoming an enemy of heaven and earth. At that time, he would also be targeted by heavenly tribulation.

Yu Wudi also understood this, so he focused his full attention on facing the heavenly tribulation.

He was a monarch star, but he still needed to draw on his full power to face this devastating heavenly tribulation. Otherwise, he might be pulverized into ashes at any moment.

Ling Han turned his gaze to the center of the lake.

Whoosh!

He immediately dashed over. Since he couldn’t stop Yu Wudi, he might as well obtain the Celestial Seed first.

“In your dreams!” Yu Wudi was surprisingly still watching Ling Han, and upon seeing him dashing toward the center of the lake, he immediately lashed out to stop him.

Ling Han humphed, and said, “You truly think that I don’t dare to face the heavenly tribulation?”

He brandished his Divine Demon Sword as he charged at Yu Wudi. At the same time, he used his divine sense to communicate with the Empress and the others, telling them to obtain the Celestial Seed. Meanwhile, he would hold Yu Wudi back. With Yu Wudi’s personality, he would most likely prefer to destroy the Celestial Seed than let it fall into the hands of someone else.

The three women immediately heeded his call, dashing toward the center of the lake. However, they were all extremely careful as this place was definitely brimming with danger. Otherwise, this Celestial Seed would have been collected long ago.

“You dare?!” Yu Wudi said with a humph. He threw a punch at the three women, with its might as tumultuous as the seas.

Ling Han immediately slashed down, extinguishing Yu Wudi’s attack. He was filled with haughtiness as he said, “Your opponent is me!”

“Detestable!” Yu Wudi roared. However, Ling Han was indeed powerful enough to rival him.

Yu Wudi’s eyes were spitting flames. However, he abandoned his attempt to stop the Empress and the others. Once he became a Celestial King, he would possess a magnificent power. At that time, he could dispose of Ling Han and the others. As such, what did it matter if they obtained the Celestial Seed?

With this in mind, he turned his full attention to the heavenly tribulation.

Ling Han was also forcefully dragged into the tribulation. Another bolt of lightning cracked down from the sky, transforming into a terrifying giant as it launched a flurry of ferocious attacks at him.

However, Ling Han was unfazed as he clenched his left hand into a fist. Meanwhile, he continued to attack Yu Wudi with the sword in his right hand. He was going to disturb him no matter what.

When ascending, who didn’t yearn for an absolutely peaceful and quiet environment? Facing heavenly tribulation was as dangerous as could be. Perhaps 50 percent of people could ascend, but many others would be killed when facing heavenly tribulation, rendering all of their efforts futile.

With Ling Han disturbing him, the pressure on Yu Wudi became immense.

Not only did he have to battle against a lightning giant, but he even had to facilitate the growth of his Celestial Seed. These two tasks already took up most of his attention. Now, he even had to defend against the ferocious attacks of Ling Han. As such, he was naturally in a dire situation.

Moreover, his opponent was far too powerful. Ling Han was wielding a Celestial Tool, and he was powerful enough to threaten his life.

Why wasn’t Ling Han afraid of the heavenly tribulation?

Yu Wudi couldn’t understand this. One had to realize that the heavenly tribulation targeting Ling Han was no weaker than the heavenly tribulation that was targeting him. That being the case, how could Ling Han still find the strength to attack him?

This was naturally because of Ling Han’s freakish physique. He could easily endure several hundred attacks from First Heaven Celestial Kings.

“Even if you become a Celestial King, you’ll become the weakest one possible!” Ling Han said calmly. His voice was filled with a domineering aura.