Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2447: Extraordinary numbers

That figure opened his mouth and scolded Ling Han. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Actually, when he saw that figure also delivering a light attack, Ling Han knew that it was not an insect, but a human being.

That light naturally was a Celestial Tool, so even the darkness here could not conceal it, but it was also because he could see who the other was that Ling Han had not held back, and still delivered this sword strike.

...The other man was Dongfang Rui.

Too bad. The other party had instantly entered the Heaven Forbidden State, unleashing Celestial King Tier battle prowess, or this strike should have been able to kill him.

Ling Han couldn’t help but mumble inwardly. At present, he could only kill this kind of opponent by catching him off guard. Otherwise, he would have to either enter into Heaven Forbidden State, or simply break through to the Celestial King Tier, when he would have double layers of security.

Dongfang Rui wiped the blood at the corners of his lips. If he hadn’t entered into Heaven Forbidden State in time just now, he would definitely have been sliced into pieces by now. And even then, he had still been a little late, which resulted in him having sustained slight injury.

Since childhood, he had never been bullied by anyone before, yet had now experienced a loss repeatedly at Ling Han’s hand, which infuriated him.

“Oh, it’s you. I thought it was a smelly insect. After all, you guys look similar.” Ling Han laughed.

Dongfang Rui was furious. ‘You have struck and almost killed me, and now you are actually still mocking me?

...

‘Damn it!’

HIs whole body was trembling, yet he did not say a single word. Instead, he turned and left. He vowed internally that when he became a Celestial King, he would definitely kill Ling Han.

No, killing was not enough to vent his hatred. He wanted to tear Ling Han into pieces!

Ling Han did not set off in pursuit. There was no point in wasting the energy.

“This really is a labyrinth,” the Empress said, her delicate brows frowning deeply.

Ling Han nodded. Dongfang Rui had actually walked towards them, and this was enough proof.

Still, why would they feel that they were coming closer and closer to the Celestial Seed? The fragrance was becoming stronger and stronger, which showed that they were drawing close to their goal, but it was clear that was the same for Dongfang Rui. Their meeting had become a very bizarre occasion.

“This island is bizarre, and this place is strange too,” Ling Han said.

“And these smelly insects too!” Hu Niu added, her small face scrunched up. They were so smelly that they greatly affected her appetite. She didn’t even want to eat meat anymore; they were really too despicable.

“Are we still going onwards?” Bewitching Maiden Rou asked.

Ling Han shook his head. “Let’s retreat to the fork before, and try out a different path.”

They had just turned when they heard slight noises ring out, and they stopped.

They were in for another battle again.

Only a while later, the insects appeared. Because Ling Han had drawn the Divine Demon Sword, the light of the sword was enough to illuminate a range of 30 meters, so they could see very clearly.

One, two, three... at least 100 insects surged out, causing the faces of Ling Han and his group to twitch madly.

Previously, they would only encounter 17 insects at most, but even so, they had still battled till the stench rose sky-high, which made them almost want to throw up. And now, over 100 insects had appeared, so just how smelly would they be after the battle?

However, these insects did not launch an assault right from the get go, but rather crawled in a very systematic manner before splitting apart, as if they were guards that were clearing the way.

Very soon, a colossal creature appeared. This was still an insect, but a massive horn was growing from its head. It was grayish green in color, and it was about nine meters in size. Its whole body was fat and rounded like a worm and had no legs. Instead, it was being carried by several other insects.

What was this? The insect queen?

Ling Han dared not be careless, and stayed on his guard.

The giant insect set eyes on Ling Han and his group. Zi, its horn was actually flashing with lightning, which then gushed out, turning into terrifying bolts of lightning that burst fiercely towards them.

“Humph!” The Empress moved, and swiped out a finger. The power of Regulation surged forth.

Peng!

In this exchange, both sides emerged as equals.

Ling Han frowned. The Empress’s Vitality Index had reached 4800, and this meant that the giant insect’s Vitality Index was also around this number. This was extremely shocking.

If this was an insect king, and there was only this single one here, that would be fine, but if this kind of giant insect was only a commander, that would be terrifying.

There would be stronger insects.

Ling Han handed the Divine Demon Sword over to the Empress, and the latter delivered a slash. Her battle prowess was on full throttle, and as flashes of Sword Qi swept out, insects would be involved one after another. Immediately, they would be ripped to pieces. The Divine Demon Sword by itself was a powerful weapon, and added with the Empress, whose Vitality Index was as high as 4800, the destructive power unleashed was naturally shocking.

With the boost of the Divine Demon Sword, even that giant insect was no match for the Empress, and was soon slashed in half. The ground was covered with the bodies of “pawns,” the insect blood flowing everywhere. The rank stench could not be described.

Ling Han and the others hurriedly retreated, but this time, Ling Han forced himself to bear with the extraordinary stench, and sliced off the horn growing from the head of the giant insect. He was very intrigued by this horn.

As they walked onwards, Ling Han studied that horn.

“Its internal structure is very strange. It is covered with some seals that can extract the power of lightning and turn it into an attack.” Ling Han soon managed to get some clues, but the exact details of the seals could not be seen, because they were already damaged.

When most powerful Immortal Beasts died, they would automatically destroy the seals in their bodies so that the ultimate techniques of their line would not be learned by outsiders. That giant insect was the same.

The insect horn was made from some unknown material, and was extremely hard. It could just barely hold up against a Celestial Tool. At least, when the Divine Demon Sword delivered a slash, only a light mark was left behind.

“This is just a nest of insects, and they are extremely and extraordinarily smelly, but why would there be a Celestial Tree here?” Ling Han was curious. Celestial Trees would indeed choose locations that had terrible conditions, but it was not logical that one would take root in such an incredibly smelly location.

He had always suspected that this was not some place of great fortune. The water vines were too evil, and with these smelly insects added into the mix, Ling Han’s suspicions grew stronger.

“Still, no matter what, we have to find the way out.”

They continued exploring this cave, and they would naturally endlessly suffer the assault of the insects. Ling Han’s previous worries had also been realized. There was not just one of those single-horned insects.

The majority of these horned insects had a Vitality Index of around 4800, but there were some particularly stronger ones that reached 4850. This was very powerful, and even the Empress would be very strained in a battle against such an opponent.

Ling Han did not want the Empress to easily consume the Crimson Demonic Earth. Hence, he streaked forward, and very quickly resolved the battle.

Over these dozen or so days, they would encounter a group of insects practically once every half an hour. Though they weren’t difficult to deal with, it still caused them to become more and more rank in smell.

In the meantime, they also encountered other people, but even when they met others, they did not join forces, but rather each walked their own path.

They all had their own ideas. If this was a labyrinth, this was for the best. As long as they could get out of the labyrinth, they would be able to take the Celestial Seed for themselves.

Day after day passed, and even a guy with an astonishing physique like Ling Han felt a strong sense of weariness. This was confusing to him. With his strength, he should not feel weary so quickly.

It was not just him. Bewitching Maiden Rou, Hu Niu, and the Empress were the same. But it should be known that they had practically not fought at all afterwards, so why would they feel weary now?

“The insects are poisonous!”

They all discovered the root of the issue. These insects carried poison by themselves, or would emanate poison upon death, and this poison had the effect of inducing weariness.

And precisely because it was slowly emanating, it would only take effect once enough had been accumulated, and was not fatal. It had fooled their bodies and taken effect quietly. When they realized that something was off, they would already be deeply ensnared in the mire.

With a thought, Ling Han released the limits on his cultivation level, but there was not the slightest bit of unusual movement.