Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2448: Insect cave

Ling Han and his group all had a very strong trump card, and that was the fact that they could break through at any time. When they advanced into the Celestial King Tier, they naturally would have nothing to fear.

But now, under the effects of the insect poison, their condition became extremely poor. Even if they lifted the limits on their cultivation level, they could not break through.

This undoubtedly disabled them from dealing their strongest card.

“This is the true motive of those water vines entrapping us, right?” Trap them first so they could not escape, and then use the Celestial Seed as bait. In that previous emotional state, the chances of them entering into the cave and exploring would naturally be greatly increased.

Then, the trap would finally be revealed. It was probable that everyone had fallen into the trap.

“Then… the killing intent should appear very soon,” Ling Han murmured.

The Empress and the others all looked solemn. Even Hu Niu was no longer cheery. In the past, no matter what kind of danger they encountered, they still had a path of retreat, and that was the Black Tower, which could shield and hide them.

Now, they would have to depend on themselves entirely. It was possible that the slightest misstep could be stepping into an abyss of no return.

Another few days later, they suddenly realized that they had actually not encountered another fork after traveling for so long!

This was extremely inconceivable. Previously, they wouldn’t have to walk too far to encounter another fork time and again, and after some twists and turns, they were close to being driven completely dizzy. Yet now, more than half a day had passed, and they had not encountered any fork, which they were very unused to.

However, though there weren’t any more forks, the waves of insects were still endless, advancing wave upon wave, surging towards them. Every single one of them held no fear of death, and they were extremely troublesome to deal with.

The poor condition of Ling Han and his group was becoming more and more serious, their battle prowess declining drastically.

As they went further, the number of insects became greater and greater. They were also crazier, obstructing their progress as much as they possibly could. But the more they did so, the more Ling Han and the others wanted to forge onwards. It was very possible that this was the path of escape for them.

......

In this manner, they continued journeying endlessly onwards. Another day later, they suddenly walked out.

It was not that they had walked out of the cave, but rather it had become an extremely large mountain cave ahead of them. The height of the cave was unknown, and its size was also indescribable. In the middle, a peak suddenly shot up, and the peak was covered completely with insects.

There were centipedes, horned insects, and even a few winged insects, though these were very few.

F***, they had actually barged into an insect nest!

Ling Han inhaled sharply. The insects here numbered more than thousands, so numerous and close together they seemed like an ocean. Even if their strength was extremely high, they were firstly affected by the insect poison, and secondly, there were really too many enemies. Even if they just crowded all over the human party, the latter could drown to death.

Ling Han suddenly discovered a green flame flare up. He turned to look, and saw that Huo Furong was walking out of a separate passageway not too far away. When she saw this mountain and ocean of insects, she involuntarily frowned.

Practically at around the same time, the Rain Emperor, Ji Wuming, Jia Lan, and the others also walked out. Previously, there had been 11 of them, and there were still 11 of them now.

“Zhi!” An insect cry rang out, and all the insects turned to look at them practically at the same time. No matter what they had previously been doing, they all stopped. This scene was a little weird.

Then,?boom, it was like a great mountain collapsing, and these insects rushed towards Ling Han and the others like a surging ocean.

“Quick, gather together!” Seeing this scene, even the top Celestial in all eras, Huo Furong, revealed a grim expression as she called out hurriedly to the rest, simultaneously retreating towards the passage.

Not one of them dared to act tough. They all drew closer to Huo Furong. At present, if there was anyone that wanted to fight a solo battle, that would be a totally suicidal action.

“Ling Han, you and I will take the front. Shi Chanzi, Jia Lan, the two of you assist from the side. Dongfang Rui, you guard the back, and as for the others, rest and wait for the next shift.” Huo Furong immediately assigned them their respective tasks.

No one voiced any disagreement. At this moment, no matter how large their grudges were, they had to put them aside first. If they could no longer break through to the Celestial King Tier, they would have to depend on what power they had now to hold up against the insects.

Shi Chanzi, Jia Lan, and Dongfang Rui immediatley consumed the Crimson Demonic Earth. Their enemies were too many and too strong. Without consuming the Crimson Demonic Earth, they would be in a very dangerous position.

Ling Han and Huo Furong stood side by side in the frontmost position, facing the berserk surge of insects.

They were the pillars of support here, and bore a large portion of the impact. Shi Chanzi and Jia Lan were really just assisting from the sides, helping the two of them deal with some insects that slipped past them.

The battle was about to begin at any moment, and reached the climax in mere instants. It was incredibly intense. The torn limbs and pieces and blood of the insects danced in the air as Huo Furong stimulated the origin flame, forming a barrier of fire around them. Before the insect blood sprayed on them, it had already been burnt into ashes.

Ling Han released a battle cry, using Fists of Fury and holding nothing back.

His Body Art was incredibly strong, and every punch he delivered was at the Celestial King Tier, domineering without compare.

When his Body Art had been exhausted to a certain extent, he would switch to using the power of Regulation, trying as much as possible to keep himself in prime condition.

In terms of stamina, there was no one here that could compare to him.

Over two hours later, Huo Furong, Jia Lan, and the others all looked ready to collapse, but Ling Han was still very energetic. As he ingested alchemical pills to recover his power of Regulation, he ate like mad on the side in order to replenish his stamina. With both actions progressing in turns, his battle prowess was constantly maintained at a very high level.

But countless insects died, and their blood spread all over the ground. A grayish substance seeped out of this blood, turning into mist. That was something that even an origin flame couldn’t burn off completely. Incredibly stubborn, it was determined to seep through their defensive barrier.

Thankfully, everyone waved and swept out their palms, and still managed to push this gray smoke outside.

“Change shift!” Huo Furong called out loudly.

Immediately, the remaining six people surged forwards at the same time.

This group had a clear weakness, and that was Bewitching Maiden Rou, while the strongest was only Ji Wuming. Instantly, they were barraged by the insect ocean, retreating continuously towards the passageway. It was all the way until they had retreated 300 meters, and they just barely managed to regain their footing.

The first group took the time to rest as much as possible. They had to recover as soon as possible, or it would not take too long before this team would crumble.

The passage was actually quite wide, so the range they had to defend was also very wide, making their pressure great.

Ji Wuming, the Empress, and the others were also trying their best. Those who should be eating Crimson Demonic Earth did so, and those who should be using Heaven Forbidden State did the same. Otherwise, they would possibly be overwhelmed by the sea of insects at any moment. Alll 𝒍𝒂test nov𝒆l𝒔 on novelb𝒊n/(.)c𝒐m

These insects were too mad.

Xiu, a sharp gust struck, yet it was soundless and astonishingly quiet.

Though Ling Han was in a state of rest, his eyes and ears were sharp and focused on the surroundings. The people battling now were his wives and brother, so how could he allow the slightest accident to happen? He immediately leaped over, and sent out a punch.

…The Divine Demon Sword had been handed over to the Empress, while the Celestial King ring was on Hu Niu’s finger. Bewitching Maiden Rou had no precious tool. In any case, her strength was the lowest in the group, and this was basically above her pay grade, so even if she was given a Celestial Tool, she would not be of much use, either.

Peng, a brilliance surged, and Ling Han’s body trembled. A wound had been cut open on his fist. It was not very deep, but the wound was grayish green in color. Clearly, it had been infected with strong poison.

As he channeled the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll, he looked into the distance, and there he saw a winged insect slowly withdrawing its mouth. Just now, it was this insect that had spat out a sharp arrow from its mouth, directly aiming for Hu Niu.

Not only was this arrow very powerful, the fact that it managed to wound Ling Han showed its extraordinary nature. It was also soundless and silent, extremely sneaky and dangerous. This was truly an attack by a hidden enemy.