Chapter 2449: Killing the leader amidst an army of thousands

There were three types of insects, and all had their own uniquely frightening traits.

The blood of the multi-legged insects was mighty poisonous. Even if they were dead, they would cause extremely great trouble. Furthermore, their numbers were overwhelming, and they were the most low-cost troops, but their practical value was extremely high.

The horned insects could release lightning, which was very powerful, and the long-distance damage value was astonishing.

But the most terrifying were the winged insects. Not only could they launch sneak attacks, they had great destructive power, and could even wound Ling Han with his physique. If it was any other person that had sustained such a blod, even if they could grasp it with their hands, they would still definitely be pierced right through.

Only a Celestial Tool could block it!

“Be careful!” Ling Han advised. “Those insects with wings can launch sneak attacks, and they are extremely frightening.”

The Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll channeled, and a golden seal appeared on Ling Han’s body. Slivers of green smoke immediately wafted from his arm. That was the poison being evaporated.

“Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll!” Dongfang Rui and the others all cast their eyes over, showing a hint of envy.

Every single Heavenly Venerate had their unique advantage. The Karmic Life Heavenly Venerable had reached the pinnacle level of defense. A very large part of the reason why he had managed to face off one against nine and resist nine Heavenly Venerates of the Foreign Realm all by himself in the past could be attributed to the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll.

This kind of pinnacle level defense was something that even the Green Flames Heavenly Venerate, Sealed Emotion Heavenly Venerable, and Jiuwu Heavenly Venerate were extremely tempted by. Unfortunately, the Karmic Life Heavenly Venerable had fused himself with Dao, and the Tower of Three Realms had disappeared without a trace, and the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll had thus become lost.

Now that it had shown itself again on Ling Han, Dongfang Rui and the others were naturally very envious.

Xiu, another sneaky arrow came attacking, aimed directly for the Empress.

But this time, the Empress was prepared. She swept out the Divine Demon Sword, and sliced this arrow in half.

......

There were only four winged insects, their numbers pitifully few, but their destructive power was extraordinarily great. Furthermore, they were hidden in dark corners and launching sneak attacks, which could not be guarded against. Everyone had to place a large share of their concentration on them.

The moment these four insects appeared on the battlefield, they would be deadly weapons, and were capable of impeding a large portion of their focus.

Ling Han frowned. These four insects definitely had to be gotten rid of. Otherwise, the pressure on their team would be too great.

“I’ll go kill them!” he declared.

He did not immediately make his move, but was rather channeling the Regulations of Space. At present, he was surrounded by various powerful elites, so he could completely focus on storing up power and make his adjustments.

Xiu, he suddenly moved. In a flash, he appeared in front of a winged insect, and then shot out a punch at it.

At this time, it was the moment when that winged insect had unleashed a sneaky arrow. It was located in a relatively empty location, and when this punch from Ling Han flew out, it was aimed directly for the mouth that it was just closing.

Previously, it had repeatedly launched sneaky arrows, yet now it had fallen into Ling Han’s schemes, which could be considered as giving it a taste of its own medicine.

The multi-legged insects in the area all released a strange cry, launching sound waves at Ling Han, and helping the winged insect out.

With so many insects attacking at the same time, even Ling Han’s physique could not bear it.

Yet Ling Han ignored it completely. As he channeled the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll, a golden light shimmered all over him. In this instant, his defense was boundlessly strong, possibly reaching the extremes of a First Heaven Celestial King.

Peng, his punch landed, and directly burst the throat of that winged insect. Jade-green blood spurted everywhere, and a grayish gas also rose up at the same time, filled with the air of death.

Peng, peng, peng.?Countless sound waves were also assailing him, causing Ling Han’s whole body to tremble from the impact. However, his present defense was frighteningly powerful. This could only shake him, but could not wound him.

Now that Ling Han’s attack had succeeded, he immediately retreated. In this kind of situation, he would not be able to hold up for too long, so he naturally had to escape.

He retreated, and it was like countless multi-legged insects had gone insane, setting off in hot pursuit of him. Multiple layers of sound waves rained down, seriously disturbing the space, so Ling Han did not dare to rashly use teleportation. As much as possible, he did not retreat back into the ranks, and was instead sinking into an even more disadvantageous position.

Zi, a field of lightning swept out, and even swept over a great many multi-legged monsters.

That was the show of might from the horned insects.

Ling Han waved his fists in a furious barrage. With his loud cry, Regulations and Body Art were deployed at the same time, and with the support of the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll, he had temporarily suppressed the poison. By now, he had recovered to his prime condition, and had incredibly terrifying battle prowess.

There was no insect that could stop him. Wherever he passed, area after area of insects would be blasted flying. His speed was extremely fast as he rushed directly towards his team.

The pressure was too great. The golden light all over his body very quickly dimmed. The Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll could no longer channel automatically, and along with that, the poison in Ling Han’s body showed its might once more, causing his battle prowess to drop madly.

Right at this moment, Ling Han suddenly felt a strong sense of danger. Without a second thought, he sent a punch flying.

Peng!

A dark arrow shot over, and he forcefully blasted it into bits. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

In the distance, a winged insect was presently closing its mouth slowly, and another arrow was quietly formed, its speed very fast. This actually was Regulations solidified, and had no solid form. Once it was destroyed, it would only be shards of Regulations as well.

‘F*ck!’

Ling Han cast a few more looks at that winged insect. When he pulled himself together, the next one he was going to kill was this damn insect.

He was covered with wounds all over, but finally managed to charge back into the ranks. A drop of Indestructible True Fluid circulated, and the injuries on his body immediately recovered. However, the poison could not be removed completely, and it was still difficult for his battle prowess to return to its prime condition.

“Recover your condition quickly. Soon, it will be your turn to switch shifts,” Huo Furong said.

Everyone turned to look at him, showing a hint of admiration.

To kill the enemy commander amidst an army of thousands. While it was not as simple as simply plucking an object from his pocket, how many Pseudo-Celestial Kings could manage this feat?

This should be the only one, and even Huo Furong could not do so.

That was because Huo Furong was not versed in the Regulations of Space, and could not teleport right in front of the winged insect. Furthermore, if she penetrated the enemy ranks deeply, the winged insect, knowing how ferocious she was, would definitely retreat continuously. How could it be that it would just obediently wait for death?

As for the others, there was probably absolutely zero chance they could kill it. They would have been blasted into bits halfway through.

Ling Han flopped onto the ground, and ingested a few alchemical pills in succession. On the one hand, it was to suppress the poison in his body as much as possible, and on the other, his Source Power had also been seriously exhausted.

Ji Wuming and the others were more and more strained. Primarily, it was because these three winged insects were extremely frightening as they would launch sneak shots occasionally. If it were not for the fact that one of them had already been killed off by Ling Han, the pressure on the group would definitely be even greater.

“Switch!” Huo Furong shouted loudly. The first team of five surged forth together, switching with Ji Wuming, the Empress, and the others.

The flood of insects was still as it had been, wave after wave rushing towards them endlessly.

Now that Ling Han had switched shifts, it naturally was impossible that he would have any more excess energy to kill the winged insects, which allowed those three winged insects to become even more unreserved in their attacks. Thankfully, after the death of a winged insect, they had slight wariness. Otherwise, their attacks would be even more unreserved.

Fight, fight, fight. The insect blood spurted everywhere. All of them had become numb; the only thought left in their minds was battle.

It was unknown how much time had passed. Ji Wuming and the others had more or less recovered, and switched back with them, beginning a cycle.

As Ling Han rested, he swept out towards those three winged insects. These three damn insects definitely had to be gotten rid of, or their situation would only become worse.

He tolerated them for a considerably long time, and then suddenly activated space teleportation, appearing next to a winged insect.

He threw a punch, powerful and heavy. He was going to insta-kill this damn insect.

But this time, these insects were all prepared. He had only just appeared when 13 multi-legged insects released a sound wave, which turned into a massive boulder that crashed towards Ling Han.

Damage was only secondary. Their primary motive was to send Ling Han flying, resolving the crisis that winged insect was in.