Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2451: Killing the leader

“Ling Han, the two of us will join forces, and we will kill this insect queen together!” Huo Furong said. In this place, only Ling Han was barely qualified to be her equal. The others were all too weak, and even Ji Wuming was slightly inferior to her.

Ling Han nodded. Without getting rid of the insect queen, they couldn’t even think of surviving.

“Let’s go!”

The two of them leaped out of the battle circle at the same time, charging towards that mountain.

The two of them should be the strongest elites below the Celestial King Tier at present. Even in a high-level dimension, it was probable that not many that were their equals could be found. The might of their combined forces was incredibly powerful.

Like a hot knife through butter, they charged to the foot of the mountain.

They had to do it in a single try. Otherwise, if their progress was impeded, they would perhaps be unable to advance any further.

The two great elites had unleashed all their power, and it was unknown how many insects they had killed on their way when they finally charged to the foot of the mountain.

Even Huo Furong had used a Celestial Tool. It was a mirror, and with a sweep of its blazing light, a multitude of insects would die in the aftermath. It was not just simply forged from Divine Metal, but had rather been forged into a Celestial Tool—at the very least, it was a true Pseudo-Celestial Tool, possessing extraordinary might.

Meanwhile, Ling Han was wielding the Divine Demon Sword. The success or failure of killing the insect queen implicated all of their lives. Thus, it was necessary that the two of them could unleash their greatest battle prowess possible.

Reaching here, they could finally see the details. There was actually a pipe stretching downwards from the mountain, and this pipe was constantly wriggling. Every time it twisted, an insect larva would be birthed, and multi-legged insects would immediately come forwards to move it away.

There were still a considerable number of these pipes. Though Ling Han and Huo Furong could not see too far, they had discovered eight other such pipes on either side of them, and they were madly laying eggs.

“This is the insect queen’s behind, so the head should be above.”

......

“We’ll charge upwards, and destroy its mind!”

The two of them exchanged their views. This insect queen had to have some special ability to communicate with all the insects, commanding them to attack. Based on the protection of the winged insects, the insect queen’s intelligence was very extraordinary.

They guessed that this swarm of insects should be akin to a beehive. The queen bee had a massive body, but did not have much mobility. It could only eat and lay eggs. In comparison, the insect queen here should have very strong spiritual power.

“Be careful!” the two of them said to each other. A strong spiritual power meant that it was strong in the use of Regulations as well.

This insect queen might not be very mobile, but her battle prowess definitely could not be underestimated.

They charged towards the summit. These insects seemed to have gone mad as they rushed towards the duo. One incredibly terrifying attack after another swept towards them.

Peng, peng, peng.?A lot of these attacks landed on the mountain, but the mountain was still immobile. It was like it really was an immobile divine mountain.

Ling Han and Huo Furong exchanged a look, and could see the surprise in each other’s eyes.

This defense was really too frightening, wasn’t it? Despite being barraged by thousands of attacks, it still did not budge in the slightest!

Previously, Ling Han had been wondering why these insects were not cautious at all. Weren’t they afraid that these attacks would destroy the insect queen as well? Their intelligence was indeed as low as rock bottom.

But facts had proven that while it was true that the insect queen was not very mobile, the toughness of her outer shell had reached a chilling level.

How were they supposed to kill it then?

“The mouthpart!” both exclaimed at the same time.

To continuously lay eggs, it would definitely take a lot of energy as well. It would have to continuously eat. Then, they could penetrate its mouthpart, and attack its mind directly, and they were sure that its internal organs couldn’t be as hard as this.

The two of them raced towards the mountain, but the troops of insects were attacking them like mad, and even those winged insects were spitting out arrows from a close distance in the air, with absolutely no regard for their own lives. This caused a very great problem for Ling Han and Huo Furong.

“I’ll block them; you go!” Huo Furong’s expression was filled with killing intent. At this time, it was like she had turned into a demon.

Boom, frightening flames surged from her body, extending her limbs continuously. As she swept out a palm, the flames took the form of a dragon which swooped out. The insects were dying by the masses, falling from the mountain.

In this instant, Huo Furong was fully showing her battle prowess that exceeded the line of the Celestial King Tier.

Ling Han took a deep breath. Regulations of Space activated, and he teleported towards the summit.

Because he couldn’t see too far, he did not dare teleport too far, either. Who knew what kind of hellish place he would crash into in a moment of carelessness.

He continuously activated small-range teleportation, rushing rapidly towards the mountain.

From afar, he could only see the rough shape. Now, he could see more and more details. This mountain was indeed unusual. It was not covered with mountain rocks, but was rather covered with the veins of an insect shell. CH𝒆Ck for 𝒏ew st𝒐ries on no/v/el/bin(.)c0m

Ling Han sent out a casual sword strike, and then looked astonished. Even with the sharpness of the Divine Demon Sword, it just left behind a mark that was around half a foot deep in it, but not the slightest bit of blood dripped out. Who knew just how thick this outer shell had to be?

That was right. The Divine Demon Sword was completely capable of digging into the shell of this insect queen, but this needed time.

The problem was, where would he get this time from?

In the distance, though Huo Furong was still unleashing her might, impeding a great number of insects, a considerable number had still circled around and came over. Among them were two winged insects. These things released sneaky arrows, which could not be guarded against.

Ling Han did not pause, and still charged towards the mountain as per the original plan. No matter what, this insect queen had to have a weakness.

With his repeated teleportation, the summit was finally within sight.

However, Ling Han immediately felt a strong sense of danger. Two insects that he had never seen before had appeared soundlessly.

Their size was very large, reaching 30 meters in length. They were like mantises, with two incredibly massive pincers. It was like they were two Celestial Tools, exuding a dim light. Though the light wasn’t very strong, it was still very terrifying.

Ling Han’s heart clenched. This should be the last line of defense for the insect queen. Furthermore, there were very few of them. This meant that their strength would definitely be even more powerful.

He did not waste his words at all. There was nothing he wanted to communicate with these insects.

Wielding the sword, he charged out. The Divine Demon Sword shone brilliantly, its Sword Qi soaring to the Nine Heavens.

The two giant insects used their pincers to shield themselves.?Pu, pu, pu,?when the Sword Qi landed, it left behind a very long mark on their pincers, but after the Sword Qi completed its course, these pincers were slowly recovering. Though it wasn’t very fast, the wound left behind by the Sword Qi wasn’t very deep, either, and they could still be recovered very soon.

Ling Han had no intention to tarry any further with these two giant insects. With a leap, he directly charged over.

Shua, shua,?the two great insects opened their mouths at the same time, spitting out a dim light. It was extraordinarily fast, and caught up with him in an instant.

Ling Han could only withdraw his sword and deliver a counter. When the Divine Demon Sword landed, the dim light immediately exploded, turning into a terrifying shock wave.

His figure trembled, and he was involuntarily sent flying outwards.

At first, Ling Han had thought that the attacks of these two great insects were more inclined towards corrosion. He had not expected that they would be filled with explosive power, and had directly thrown him outwards.

He hurriedly somersaulted a few times, tapping repeatedly with both feet as he charged back towards the mountain.

The two great insects assailed him, brandishing their twin pincers, and countless insects were charging over beneath them. There were also winged insects that were launching sneak attacks from the air. The pressure was as heavy as a mountain.

How was he supposed to get out of this crisis?

Ling Han shouted loudly.?Peng, the sound turned into a flood wave that barrelled towards the two giant insects.

The Divine Demon Sword was twirling in circles, slicing through all the sneaky arrows fired from the winged insects.

Now, he definitely could not be stopped. Otherwise, when the sea of insects flooded towards him, he would really be done for, and all of them would be finished as well.