Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2452: Trap

Ling Han had never encountered such a crisis.

In the past, no matter how dangerous it was, he knew he could still depend on the Black Tower. In the worst situation, he could still hide inside the Black Tower.

But now, the Black Tower could not be used, and he only had himself to depend on.

Under such conditions, his fighting spirit did not diminish in the slightest. Instead, a strong confidence surged up in him.

“Die!”

Under the impact of his sound wave, the two giant insects faltered slightly, and he managed to pass between them directly.

This shout contained his martial intent, and with such a sudden roar, at least nine out of 10 people would be impacted.

Ling Han broke through. He did not take the chance to kill the two giant insects, because he did not have that time at all.

He repeatedly teleported, and the summit was already close at hand.

Upon arriving there, he could finally see clearly. This summit was indeed the head of the insect queen, and the whole summit was actually a mouth that was endlessly devouring something. It was nothing solid, but rather streaks of light. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

Yet Ling Han could sense that these lights contained shocking energy. According to Wally, whether it was Star Stones, food, or Celestial medicines, they were basically all energy. It was only that some were suited to be absorbed, and some were not.

The insect queen absorbed this energy, and this allowed it to endlessly lay eggs.

Ling Han sprinted rapidly. He was going to charge in through the insect queen’s mouthpart, and directly combat the root of the problem.

......

Whoosh!

Just at this moment, a powerful gust assailed him, and Ling Han stumbled back continuously, retreating repeatedly.

This was the insect queen suddenly switching from inhaling to exhaling, and the powerful gust released pushed Ling Han endlessly backwards. Furthermore, there were also seals of great dao in this airflow. It contained the power of Regulation. Otherwise, if it just contained mere power, there was absolutely no chance it could have affected Ling Han.

Ling Han channeled the Regulations of Earth, and his body instantly became as heavy as a mountain. He forcefully steadied himself, and then walked towards the summit, step after step.

The insects behind had already rapidly arrived, but due to the hurricane unleashed by the insect queen, not one of them managed to rush up here, either. However, this did not deter them from unleashing their attacks.?Weng, weng, weng, sound waves surged out, lightning crackled, and arrows shot forth.

The two giant insects had also charged back. It was clear that they were the type to battle in close quarters. They barged into the hurricane, and set off in pursuit of Ling Han.

Ling Han roared, pushing forwards with his full effort.

Weng, Ling Han only felt pain in his mind. It was like a whip had struck his forehead, so painful that it felt like his head was about to crack open. He felt an uncontrollable urge to grab his head and howl.

He was first taken aback, but realization immediately dawned on him. This was a spiritual attack from the insect queen.

Thankfully, his mind had been tempered by the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll. Otherwise, his mind could possibly have exploded after sustaining such a blow.

Shua, shua, shua,?the insect queen continued to unleash spiritual attacks at him, barraging Ling Han’s mind.

This was not enough to kill Ling Han, yet could cause him tremendous pain, and he had practically lost all ability to attack.

When the insect queen saw this was effective, the force of its exhaling immediately declined greatly, allowing the two giant insects to rapidly charge over. And when these two giant insects impeded Ling Han, it could finally rest assured. Though it had constantly whipped its spirit into shape, it began to inhale once more, absorbing those lights of energy.

Its existence was for the sake of laying eggs. Thus, unless it encountered a crisis like just now, how could it possibly stop eating and laying eggs?

Ling Han broke into a grin, and suddenly clenched his left hand tightly before throwing it forwards. “Damn insect, you have still fallen for it!”

He threw out seven tiny red dots. They were like seven tiny red pills. Immediately, they were tossed into the air above the summit while the insect queen was absorbing energy. Its ability of absorption was shocking, and before it reacted in the slightest, those seven tiny red pills had been sucked in.

The insect queen was shocked, and released a spiritual wave. It did not know what it had eaten, but since it had been fed by Ling Han, they definitely could not be anything good.

Ling Han broke into a grin, and declared, “Boom!”

Peng!

The whole mountain immediately shook wildly. Multiple veined patterns could be seen glowing, as if something was about to burst out.

What had Ling Han tossed?

The Heaven and Earth Origin Stars!

This was a frighteningly deadly weapon that could kill even low-tier Celestial Kings. Even if the outer shell of this insect queen was extremely hard, if they exploded inside its body, no matter how strong it was, so what? Its insides would definitely be blasted into bits.

However, it could not be denied that the insect queen’s outer shell was indeed hard. The Heaven and Earth Origin Stars had already exploded, yet still could not blast out. All of it was ferociously exploding in the insect queen’s body, which showed that if they were directly thrown, the most that could be done was only severe injury, or even causing light wounds to the insect queen. Killing it was a completely impossible feat.

The whole mountain was shaking madly. This was the insect queen’s body. The queen was directly sustaining the great blast of seven Heaven and Earth Origin Stars in its body. Even if its defense was shocking, so what? Boom, the “summit” burst out with majestic flames like the eruption of a volcano.

All the insects sank into a daze in the same instant. It was like they had also suddenly lost the pillar of support for their spirits and the reason for living with the death of the insect queen.

But only a short while later, these insects went berserk.

Some fled outside the cave, while others continued to attack Ling Han and the others madly. Some were even slaughtering and killing their companions. This was because they had lost the insect queen that would oversee and organize them. They were completely dazed, and felt that aside from themselves, everyone and everything else was an enemy.

Fight, fight, fight, kill, kill, kill, everything was in chaos.

Ling Han met back up with the others. They all sighed in relief. Though there was still poison accumulated in their bodies, they could slowly expel this poison as long as they were given enough time.

Though there were still insects attacking them, this was already the end of it. They faced them calmly, filled with confidence.

But right at this moment, a change suddenly occurred!

Multiple whip-like objects suddenly extended out from different corners of the mountain walls, wrapping around these insects. Some were directly ensnared, and the insects were strangled to death, but there were some that had not ensnared their targets, and were locked in intense battle with the insects.

What was going on here now?

“Yi, why does this look a bit like water vines?” Ling Han suddenly asked. These whip-like objects were like vines in the first place.

“En!” Everyone nodded, and a feeling of foreboding rose up in all of them.

Since they had been forced onto this island, from the fruit fragrance of a celestial fruit that suddenly spread out to this sea of insects, all the events were seeping with strangeness, yet it seemed like they were closely linked to one another.

This island had to be linked to the water vine in countless ways. Otherwise, they wouldn’t have been forced here. And now, something similar had appeared, so it was inevitable that they would think that this was strange.

The numbers of the sea of insects was still shocking, but their only path now was death, and their numbers could not be replenished. Hence, the rate of their decrease was actually quite fast. Maintly, it was that water vine that had ensnared too many things. Though a considerable number had also been killed by the insects, it was still the main force in the slaughter of the insects.

“Hehe, I am sure that everyone must be feeling very confused?” A voice suddenly rang out. A person had appeared in midair in the cave. He was a dashing young man in white robes who was very young.

There were… actually other people in this place!

Alarm bells rang in everyone’s hearts. This was definitely a trap. From the moment they had been forced onto the island, this was a trap. However, they could not tell what the purpose of this trap was even now.

Ling Han raised his voice. “Who are you? Are you planning to give us an explanation?”

“Of course.” The white-robed young man nodded and smiled, looking very amiable and kindly. “If it was not for the sake of giving you guys an explanation, what need would there be for me to appear? Wouldn’t it have been fine to wait until all of you were killed? Hehe, though you guys will still be dying afterwards!”