Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2464: The final stop

One person was facing off against four great Celestial Kings, and he actually still had the leisure to forge his Celestial Tool?

No one would believe this even if they heard about it. What kind of Celestial Kings were these? Weren’t they a little too weak?

But that was the truth. In just over a dozen moves, the forehead of one of the Celestial Kings had been pierced, his mind destroyed, and his blood essence absorbed fully by the Divine Demon Sword. He himself had become a corpse.

Ling Han’s might could not be blocked.

The remaining three great Celestial Kings were all shocked. There were indeed differences in strength among Celestial Kings, but there should be completely no problem if a Celestial King wanted to flee, unless there was a suppression factor of around Three Heavens’s difference in cultivation level.

Yes, in front of Ling Han, they actually didn’t even have the chance to flee.

If they had known this, how could they have possibly schemed against Ling Han?

But it was already too late for regrets by now. Even if they were willing to beg for mercy, would Ling Han spare them?

They could only pour all their power into this battle. Celestial Kings naturally had their pride as well. The three Celestial Kings all burst out with their strongest techniques. At this moment, they still managed to improve their situation by a considerable extent.

Anyone who could become a Celestial King would naturally be a prodigy among prodigies. It was possible for only a single Celestial King to emerge from 10,000 Ascending Origin Tiers, which showed how difficult it was to become a Celestial King, and once they had become a Celestial King, their battle prowess was also beyond compare.

The three great Celestial Kings all pushed their battle prowess to the fullest, their roars ringing out like thunder. Even if they would die, they would take Ling Han down with them. This was the pride of a Celestial King.

Unfortunately, their valor was only short-lived. The gap in strength was really too wide, so how could their idea possibly be realized?

Ling Han aggressively suppressed them. The three great Celestial Kings died one after another in only a few hundred moves.

......

He bathed in the Celestial King blood as he calmed the killing intent in his heart, his eyes closed slightly.

Yu Wudi had fled, which made Ling Han feel slight regret, but it was fine. Unless Yu Wudi was willing to stay on the Celestial Path for the rest of his life, he would not be able to escape death, even if he clung to his old man all day every day.

Very soon, Ling Han dismissed this slight regret, and focused on the Celestial Seed inside his mind.

Without advancing into the Celestial King Tier, he had already gained battle prowess above the peak stage of the First Heaven. The quality of this Celestial King was already indescribable.

Ling Han took a deep breath, and opened his eyes once more. He headed out of the canyon.

When he had left the canyon, he released seven short and three long whistles. Not long after, the Empress and the others shot forth from a distance.

“How was it?” the Empress asked. She did not care whether Ling Han had saved Yan Xianlu or otherwise, as long as Ling Han himself was fine.

Ling Han nodded. “This was a trap. I’ve killed six Celestial Kings, but Yu Wudi has escaped.”

“Yi, something seems different about you!” Hu Niu exclaimed curiously as she sniffed Ling Han continuously.

Ling Han laughed. “I have already formed my own Celestial Seed Mark. Though it has not reached the pinnacle of perfection, my battle prowess has still increased countless folds.”

The Empress and the others all looked tempted. Though they had not seen how powerful Ling Han had been, there were already six Celestial Kings that had been killed forcefully by Ling Han. Was that not awesome enough?

“Niu wants to break through too!” Hu Niu called out loudly. She was very envious.

Ling Han nodded. “You can first form the Celestial Seed Mark, as long as the Celestial Seed is not allowed to sprout. You could still polish the Celestial Seed to further perfection at any time.”

“Then let’s just stay here for some more time.”

They did not return to Summoning Clouds City, but found somewhere to stay nearby as the four of them floated in great dao.

Ling Han was smoothing out his Celestial Seed Mark. Every day, enlightenment would come to him. If it were not because he would not be able to leave through the Transfer Formation in the heart of the Celestial Path unless he himself became a Celestial King, he would not want to break through in the short term.

…They would only form their Celestial Seeds on the Celestial Path. There were a lot of Celestial Kings that actually only formed their Celestial Seed Mark on the Celestial Path, and it was after leaving the Celestial Path, after tens of millions of years, or even over 100 million years before they finally broke through.

But by now, Ling Han did not have any time to retreat on the path he had trodden. He could only travel towards the Transfer Formation in the heart of the Celestial Path. Thus, the requirement was that he definitely had to become a Celestial King.

They all had the Greatest Eternity Everlasting Physique. This was too helpful for their cultivation. Only 11 years had passed, and Bewitching Maiden Rou was the first to break through, becoming the first Celestial King in their group. Her Vitality Index soared to around 5600 points in a single stroke, with her becoming the second-strongest elite among them.

Not many years later, Little Terror also broke through, becoming a Celestial King Tier great beast.

However, though the little guy had broken through, it had also been very dangerous. The punishment of heavenly tribulation had surpassed the level of a normal Celestial King, and was even close to reaching the Second Heaven, striking the little guy to the point that its spirit was almost destroyed.

Even if Wally had modified Little Terror’s “genes,” it had still been targeted by the heaven and earth of the Celestial Realm when it had been breaking through, but it was also because it had been modified that it had ultimately survived.

Another 20-plus years went by. Both the Empress and Hu Niu had formed a Celestial Seed Mark which belonged uniquely to them, respectively, and their Vitality Index suddenly soared greatly, both reaching around 5500?points1.

In this manner, their team was really completely of the Celestial King Tier battle prowess, and it was battle prowess that could practically crush all First Heaven Celestial Kings at that.

“Let’s go.” Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

They headed towards the heart of the Celestial Path. There was a supreme great opportunity hidden here. There was a flawless Celestial Seed, and there was even a way that would allow the locals to leave the Celestial Path. To the Celestial Kings here, the temptation was endless.

However, it was said that this area was extremely dangerous. Previously, there had not been many who had left the Celestial Path through there. The majority had not even managed to cross the sea. When it was about time, they had simply retreated through the path they had come.

As Ling Han and the others journeyed, they stabilized their cultivation level, and smoothened their Celestial Seed Mark. Over 70 years later, they had arrived at the centermost area of the Celestial Path, which was also the last area.

It was called the Holy City.

It really was a city. It was incredibly large, but it had long since turned into ruins. At the innermost part of the city, there was a Transference Portal, and they could leave the Celestial Path through it.

In the past, it was no issue to pass through the city. Though there were wild Celestial King Tier beasts roaming around the ruins, those that needed to use the Transference Portal would also have to be Celestial Kings themselves. Even if they were outmatched, it would not be difficult for them to take a detour and leave.

However, the present situation was a little different. A great many complete structures had suddenly appeared among these ruins, and they had extended more than a dozen times over very quickly. These newly appeared structures were all complete, and there were also frightening restrictions on them that even Third heaven Celestial Kings would feel wary of.

In fact, there were also some plants that were extremely mysterious, and possessed an inconceivable might.

It was rumored that the method to leave the Celestial Path that the Celestial Kings yearned so longingly for lay within. Thus, this place had also become a battlefield between Celestial Kings. Everyone was occupying territory, and advancing step by step forwards. It was said that every step had been made through bloodshed.

By now, it was no longer possible for them to return the way that they had come. Hence, outsiders were only left with the path to become Celestial Kings here, try their hardest to charge into the heart of the ruins, and use the Transference Portal to leave.

Ling Han and his group stopped in their tracks as they surveyed this city ahead of them.

Through the eras, it had been all ruins, but now there were tall towers rising up. They were well-proportioned and beautifully decorated, and were enshrouded by a mysterious halo of light which exuded an air of nobility.

“Everyone, may I have a word?” A person smilingly walked out of the city. There were no walls in this city, and the majority of the structures in the vicinity had been largely destroyed. This person had actually been seated on a short wall, and only jumped down from his perch upon spotting Ling Han and his group.

He was a middle-aged man, and looked amiable, wearing a broad smile on his face.

“What is it?” Ling Han asked.