Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2474: The team strengthens

This party not only contained Yan Xianlu and Fu Zhou, there was also the Rain Emperor, Ji Wuming, Shi Chanzi, and Jia Lan.

Ling Han swept a glance over them, and discovered that the Rain Emperor and Ji Wuming were both still Pseudo-Celestial Kings, but Shi Chanzi and Jia Lan had already advanced into the Celestial King Tier. With their aptitude as Monarch Stars, the Celestial King Tier they attained was naturally extremely powerful,

Ling Han stepped out to greet the newly arrived party, and invited everyone into the palace.

After some conversation, he found out that the Rain Emperor, Ji Wuming, and the others had all met one another at the borders of the ruins. They had heard of the events in the ruins, and thus planned to work together and conquer a few bases for fun. In the end, the first base they encountered was the one that was guarded by Yan Xianlu and the others. After they had talked to one another, there naturally was no way that they would be fighting each other.

“Haha, we now have a strong party, so let’s quickly go and occupy the next territory.” Ling Han laughed.

Everyone nodded proudly. Even though there were still a few Pseudo-Celestial Kings here, they all had the aptitude of Monarch Stars, and it was definite that they would become Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings in the future. How could they possibly take mere Third Heaven Celestial Kings to heart? Even if they were outmatched at present, it would not take too much time before they would be able to catch up to them. There was no need for them to be afraid of these so-called overlords.

Before setting out, Ling Han gained an understanding of everyone’s battle prowess. Both the Rain Emperor and Ji Wuming, without prior agreement, also planned to harvest the essence of thousands of Celestial Seeds to form the path of their own unique Celestial Seed like him. Though they had not truly formed a Celestial Seed, their Vitality Index had broken through the great threshold of 5000 points. One had reached as high as 5400, while the other was even stronger, at 5500!

Apart from that, with the guidance of Ji Wuming, both Shi Chanzi and Jia Lan had these plans as well, but their limits could be seen from this. They had very soon reached the end of their respective paths. Though they had indeed harvested the essence of several Celestial Seeds, the number was not very great, and there was no way that they could compare with Ji Wuming, Ling Han, and the rest.

But even so, their battle prowess after breaking through to the Celestial King Tier was still extremely terrifying, and their Vitality Index had reached 6200 points. This was the battle prowess of a Second Heaven Celestial King.

The two of them naturally were the strongest in the group. Next was Ling Han, the Empress, Ji Wuming, and the rest. Their Vitality Index was around 5500 – 5600. There was no apparent weakness.

Leaving Fu Zhou behind to guard here, they set off boldly, continuing their sweeping conquest.

With their present ranks, wasn’t it just a piece of cake to conquer any base? The Second Heaven and Third Heaven Celestial Kings were all fighting fiercely in the heart of the ruins. Those guarding here were all only First Heaven Celestial Kings, so how could they stop Ling Han and his group?

Very quickly, they had conquered their fifth base.

......

Far away in the heart of the ruins.

“…” The Dark Frost Celestial King.

“…” The other Third Heaven Celestial King.

Ling Han and the others made some adjustments here. If they were in contact with the purple light for too long, their bodies would also be greatly affected, causing them to become weary, and even their cultivation level could regress.

Unexpectedly, just when they were resting here, their party grew further.

Huo Furong appeared out of the blue. Like Ling Han and Ji Wuming, though she was still a Pseudo-Celestial King, her Vitality Index had soared to above 5500. The exact number was not clear, but in any case, she should be very, very strong.

Ling Han nodded internally. It looked like the Heavenly Venerates had all broken through like this, and that was why they had their own descendants walk the same path. Though Ji Wuming did not have a Heavenly Venerable Tier background, he had been the strongest Celestial King for so many years, so he naturally had his own understanding.

Thankfully, Dongfang Rui and Xuan Rong had not followed Huo Furong, or Ling Han would definitely not allow the two of them to join his team.

Huo Furong still looked like a little girl, but the aura she exuded was incredibly frightening. Even Ji Wuming dared not go too close to her.

And she was still a Pseudo-Celestial King at this. If she were really to advance into the Celestial King Tier, just how strong would she be by then?

After slightly resting, they set out once more, and easily conquered their sixth base.

However, their good luck ended here. Very quickly, Ling Han discovered that he had lost connection with the first base. That sliver of divine sense of his very quickly returned, allowing him to know that a force had sent out three Celestial Kings, who defeated He Xinjue, and erased his divine sense.

…That force had even mobilized a Second Heaven Celestial King, and that was why even the divine sense that Ling Han had left behind was no match for the opponent. However, it had still flown back to him, and also brought the intel back. Otherwise, he would have to wait until He Xinjue came and explained clearly face-to-face.

Ling Han couldn’t help but sigh. They were attacking the rear of another force, but it was inevitable that their rear would also be attacked by others. There was nothing they could do about that.

“We can’t just take this loss; we have to fight back!” everyone shouted.

Just think, which of them was the type to take losses lying down? They were all either Monarch Stars or monarch tiers, and there were even supreme monarch stars among them. It was usually only they that would be bullying others.

“We go back and fight!” Ling Han nodded as well. This time, the other party definitely had to be taught pain so that they would know that their territory could not be touched. They had to establish their might with a single battle.

They left one person behind to stay guard here, while the others all charged back.

Of course, they did not waste the benefits that would occur once every three days, either. When it was almost time, they would stay around half a day in their own bases, firstly for cultivation, and secondly also to rest their bodies. After all, the purple light was quite hateful.

Over a dozen days later, they arrived at the first base that belonged to them in the first place.

Here, there was a Second Heaven Celestial King on guard. He did not hide his power at all. From afar, two streaks of peculiar light could already be seen from the tower. This was a warning that could be no more obvious. First Heaven Celestial Kings had best not come to court death. Under the restraints of the purple light, a First Heaven Celestial King couldn’t even withstand a single blow from a Second Heaven Celestial King. It was possible for it to even be an insta-kill; they might not even be able to escape.

Jia Lan and Shi Chanzi moved in unison. Only the two of them here had battle prowess that reached the Second Heaven, so it was naturally them taking charge of the offensive.

They each consumed a Subduing Purple Fruit, and they could immediately ignore the restraints of the purple light, and charge into the tower.

Through an intense battle, the Second Heaven Celestial King on guard was also chased off. This base returned once more into the possession of Ling Han and his group.

Ling Han branded his own divine sense, and also announced that this place truly now returned under their ownership.

Which force did that Second Heaven Celestial King belong to? 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

The Peaceful Underworld Celestial King.

In the past, he had already sent troops to conquer this place, yet had encountered the interference of Ling Han and his group. However, he was not willing to just give up so easily. Thus, he had sent a Second Heaven Celestial King here. He had thought that the matter was assured, but had not expected that the strength of Ling Han and his group had also soared considerably. His subordinates hadn’t even settled down properly when they were once more chased off.

“Should we switch targets to another Celestial King?” Everyone thought that they should not let the Peaceful Underworld Celestial King off so easily. No matter what, they should at least conquer seven or eight of his bases as revenge.

They were all uncontrollable people too. With one person taking the lead, the others did not object, either.

Thus, they switched paths, and began to conquer the bases of the Peaceful Underworld Celestial King.

With how strong they were, they conquered four bases successively in over a dozen days, causing the Peaceful Underworld Celestial King, who was still far away, to almost explode in fury. But the battles at the front lines were too grim. Even sending out a Second Heaven Celestial King would cause tremendous pressure on him, so how could he possibly charge back personally?

He had no choice but to suffer this loss silently.

By now, Ling Han and his group had occupied 10 bases. The latter were all structures in the outer circle, and they had also discovered that the increase in number could no longer boost the benefits of the peculiar light and peculiar fragrance.

“Looks like nine bases is the limit. Next, we can only obtain the structures in the heart of the ruins, and only then could the benefits continue to increase.”