Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2477: Boundlessly Powerful

Peng, peng, peng!

Ling Han forcefully lashed out, instantly throwing more than 1000 punches. With his powerful Body Arts, he could indeed punch at such a rapid speed.

One after another, the lightning giants were obliterated. Not a single one of them could withstand more than one strike from Ling Han.

Shi Chanzi and Jia Lan were transfixed with shock. Even though they could also defeat Second Heaven Celestial Kings, they definitely couldn’t do so with just a few casual punches. However, Ling Han had obliterated thousands of such beings in an instant. Just what did this signify?

Even the pupils of Ji Wuming and the Rain Emperor contracted. They were also stunned by Ling Han’s overwhelming battle prowess. Only Huo Furong remained calm and unflustered. She was confident that she would be no weaker than this when she advanced to the Celestial King Tier.

First of all, Ling Han was indeed powerful. After becoming a Celestial King, his Vitality Index immediately shot up, exceeding 6600. Second of all, however, the lightning giants weren’t genuine living beings, and they were only a form of energy. Thus, they would immediately shatter in the face of overwhelming power. Even so, this didn’t diminish Ling Han’s might. His ability to obliterate thousands of lightning giants in an instant was a reflection of his unfathomable power.

However, heavenly tribulation didn’t give up.

Rumble…

Many more lightning giants materialized. However, it was impossible for their battle prowess to rise. Thus, all of them were still at the early stage of the Second Heaven.

That being the case, how could they possibly threaten Ling Han?

He casually lashed out, using punches and kicks to shatter the lightning giants. He was treating heavenly tribulation like his plaything.

He was clearly only a First Heaven Celestial King, and he had clearly only just advanced. Once he advanced to the peak stage of the First Heaven, would he be powerful enough to rival those at the early stage of the Third Heaven?

Ling Han continued to nurture and grow his Celestial Seed. This was the period of time when it would grow the fastest. Once Heavenly tribulation ended, this chance would also be gone.

......

He fought against heavenly tribulation, transforming the lightning into nutrients to feed the growth of his Celestial Seed. This was the power of heaven and earth, so it was naturally beneficial to his Celestial Seed.

The Celestial Seed sprouted at a rate that was visible to the naked eye. First, it was two leaves that grew. Then, it was the roots that extended, embedding themselves into Ling Han’s divine sense as they continued to grow.

Half a day passed, and heavenly tribulation finally dissipated. At this moment, Ling Han’s Celestial Seed had already grown into a sapling. It was 15 centimeters tall, and it had a dozen or so lush green leaves. However, it radiated with an indescribably paramount aura.

Ling Han shut his eyes, sensing the powerful energy within him. Judging from the appearance of his Celestial Seed, he was most likely still at the early stage of the First Heaven. If there were 10 levels to the early stage, then he had already reached the seventh. He was closing in on the middle stage.

This was simply astonishing. For most people, it would take at least several million years to advance through the early stage. However, if Ling Han took advantage of the peculiar light and peculiar fragrance of this place, he could potentially breeze through the early stage in just a few years. This comparison was as stark as could be.

More importantly, what did this signify?

Once he raised the limit of his cultivation, his Body Art would experience explosive growth. At the same time, his Divine Demon Sword could also become a genuine Celestial Tool. Combined together, just what kind of lofty heights would his battle prowess reach?

Ling Han excitedly retrieved his Dimension Scroll, yearning to extract its power to feed his Body Art.

“Heh, so this is where you are!” a familiar voice said with a cold chuckle. They looked over, only to see that Dongfang Rui and the two Celestial Kings had caught up to them again.

They had naturally noticed the commotion caused by Ling Han’s tribulation, and it was because of this that they had caught up so quickly. However, they had still arrived a little too late. Ling Han had already completed his tribulation.

“You’ve broken through!” Dongfang Rui exclaimed as he looked at Ling Han. There was a ribbon of peculiar light around Ling Han, and this was a clear sign that he was a Celestial King.

Dongfang Rui frowned upon seeing this. Trying to kill a fellow Celestial King was far too difficult. Unless he was a Third Heaven Celestial King, it would be almost impossible to suppress Ling Han. However, considering the immense suppression of this place, and taking into account the fact that Ling Han had only just advanced—rendering him unfamiliar with his newfound power—it was perhaps not an impossible task to kill him.

Ling Han wore a beaming smile as he said, “It’s time for payback!” He then looked at the two Second Heaven Celestial Kings, and said, “If you two don’t want to die, hurry up and piss off!”

The two Celestial Kings observed Ling Han’s aura. He was clearly a First Heaven Celestial King, yet he made them feel a strong sense of apprehension. However, after hearing Ling Han’s words, they were naturally very displeased. Regardless of how powerful he was, he was still only a First Heaven Celestial King. Thus, where was his arrogance and confidence coming from?

“I don’t believe it. How can a measly First Heaven—”

Peng! Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Just as one of them opened their mouth to voice their displeasure, a streak of light flashed past their eyes, bringing with it a solid fist. This fist was incredibly fast. Just as he was about to raise his hands to block it, he suddenly discovered that he couldn’t move even a single finger. The space around him had been completely restricted.

He then felt a heavy weight strike his body, sending him flying into the distance.

The other Second Heaven Celestial King was also just about to condemn Ling Han’s “naivety” and “arrogance.” However, he immediately bit his tongue upon seeing this.

‘F*ck! Is this truly a newly advanced Celestial King?!’

With a single punch, he had sent the Second Heaven Celestial King flying into the distance. This sent a chill through his body, and it also caused cold sweat to form on his forehead.

Dongfang Rui was also astounded. He knew that Ling Han was a monarch star, so it was only natural that he would become mightily powerful after advancing to the Celestial King. However, he hadn’t imagined that he would become so boundlessly powerful.

He had defeated a Second Heaven Celestial King with a single punch!

Ling Han cracked a grin as he turned to the remaining Celestial King, saying, “What did you want to say? Come on, spit it out. I guarantee I won’t stop you. I’ll let you finish before I pummel you to death!”

This was a blatant threat.

However, this was an extremely effective threat. The Celestial King wiped the cold sweat from his brow, and he felt an urge to say something to get back at Ling Han. However, the scene of Ling Han’s punch continued to replay in his mind, causing more sweat to pour down his body.

Even though that punch had been incredibly quick, catching his companion off guard, his companion had still had some time to react. However, it was as if his body had been completely restricted, preventing him from moving even a single finger!

The Regulation of Space!

It was difficult for Celestial Kings to kill fellow Celestial Kings because once the weaker party felt threatened, they could immediately turn around and flee. It would be extremely difficult for their opponent to catch up to them. However, if the two parties were engaged in close-quarters combat, and one party had mastered the Regulations of Space, the situation would be completely different.

Trying to flee while under the restriction of the Regulations of Space would be incredibly difficult!

This restriction was equivalent to severing his path of retreat. Even if he fought with his full power, it was still very likely that he would be killed. The Celestial King naturally didn’t dare to make a squeak. He had never pledged his life to anyone, and he was more so a domineering force on this Celestial Path. As such, how could he sacrifice himself for someone else?

Ling Han retracted his gaze from the Celestial King. He then turned to look at Dongfang Rui.

He didn’t speak, yet Dongfang Rui’s body started to involuntarily tremble. An indescribable chill washed over him.

Even though he had dominated an entire generation before, enjoying the title of “strongest under Celestial Kings,” and even though his father was a Heavenly Venerate, what did this matter? At this moment, could the Sealed Emotion Heavenly Venerable charge here to save him?

However, he was a resolute person, and he immediately removed the restriction on his cultivation as he retrieved his Celestial Tool. He started to break through to the Celestial King Tier.

If he didn’t become a Celestial King, he would definitely be killed by Ling Han. At the same time, he could no longer rely on the two Celestial Kings. One had been severely wounded, and one didn’t dare to move.

A smile tugged at the corners of Ling Han’s lips. With a flick of his right hand, the Divine Demon Sword materialized in his palm.

Xiu!

With a toss, he threw the Divine Demon Sword forward, imbuing it with the Regulations of Time, Regulations of Space, and a myriad of other Regulations. With a flash, the sword had already arrived before Dongfang Rui.

Pu!

It directly stabbed into his skull.