Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2496: Repaying kindness

Ling Han released his divine sense. At present, he really was extremely weak. Merely a sweep through Zhao Xin’s body was enough to cause him extreme strain.

However, he naturally could not ignore the kindness that he had been given.

He was a Celestial King, and even if he was injured, he was still a Celestial King. He understood with a mere sweep. Zhao Xin’s aptitude in cultivation was indeed very poor. He was definitely not a supreme extraordinary prodigy that had not been discovered.

He truly was mediocre.

Ling Han frowned internally. If he was still in his prime condition, changing Zhao Xin’s aptitude would naturally be a piece of cake. Even if he could not turn him into a Monarch Star or monarch star, becoming an ordinary prodigy was not the slightest bit difficult. Yet now, he really could only speak through divine sense.

What was he to do?

After some thinking, Ling Han finally came to a decision.

He would design a cultivation technique for Zhao Xin personally, and improve his strength as much as possible.

Zhao Xin, seeing Ling Han remaining silent for so long, could not help but ask, “Grandpa Immortal…?”

If he kept straining his body like this, he would feel bad.

Ling Han released his divine sense, allowing Zhao Xin to retreat. Then, he said, “I will teach you a cultivation technique. Memorize it.”

He spoke word after word, guiding Zhao Xin on how he should channel the power in his body, to strengthen his bones, flesh, and muscles.

Zhao Xin hurriedly took note of it. He did not know who Ling Han was, but that was all right. Just given the fact that Ling Han looked to be on his deathbed but still lived for these few decades, without the slightest aging in his appearance at that, he knew that there had to be something amazing about Ling Han.

......

After he had taught him the cultivation technique, Ling Han said, “You may go.”

He thought for a moment, and then said, “Do not let others know that I was the one who taught you.”

He still had to recover his injuries. If the members of Zhao Clan found out, even if it was just to express their thanks, it would affect him. The reason why he had moved to help Zhao Xin was also because Ling Han knew that if Zhao Xin really did not amount to much, it really was possible that the Zhao Clan would end in this generation.

Ling Han was not a man that enjoyed owing debts. If the Zhao Clan was really finished, whom would he repay the favor to? Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Zhao Xin agreed and left.

Just over a dozen days later, he ran over in excitement, and exclaimed, “Grandpa Immortal, the cultivation technique you taught me is really useful. I have already reached the peak stage of the first layer of the Body Refining Tier, and am soon about to break through the second layer.”

This was natural. Even if Zhao Xin was even more mediocre, Ling Han was a Celestial King, and had even been the overlord of a realm before. How could the cultivation technique that he had created especially for the boy not be awesome?

However, Ling Han sighed internally. This brat’s natural talent was indeed extremely poor, or he should already have achieved the second layer of the Body Refining Tier by now, or even charged to the third layer.

Forget it; in any case, he had a lot of time, and Zhao Xin did not have too little time, either.

“Cultivate well.”

Ling Han only spoke these words.

Having Ling Han as a cheat code, Zhao Xin’s cultivation level naturally soared. Very soon, he was shining with brilliance, and became a prominent rising star in the Martial Hall. He had also become the most representative example of former trash that had staged a comeback. Who knew how many beautiful women admired him, and this also caused the young girl who had previously made fun of him to feel extreme regret.

Zhao Xin’s strength soon surpassed that of Zhao Yuliu, and also made Zhao Yuliu feel very gratified. Furthermore, the legend of this youth was still continuing. He broke through to the Element Gathering Tier within half a year’s time, and he advanced into the Gushing Spring Tier another year later at an astonishing speed.

And from the information that Zhao Xin had told him, Ling Han was becoming more and more depressed.

Where exactly was this place?

Ling Han had considered all the places in both Eastern and Western Celestial Realms, yet could not match what Zhao Xin had told him with any of those places. Then, he came up with a deduction.

…It couldn’t be that he had entered into a small world, right?

This was very logical because those born in the Celestial Realm would already be in the Shattering Void Tier or even stronger by birth. The majority would be able to cultivate to the Genesis Tier, and this was also why the three great Heavenly Venerates had forbidden those from the Ancient Realm from entering into the Celestial Realm—because the more living beings there were, the stronger a realm would be.

As for the Ancient Realm? It similarly had an overall level that was higher than a small world. Though it was not as freakish as the Celestial Realm, most people would have reached the Spiritual Ocean Tier by birth.

Thus, considering things from this angle, the possibility that this was a small world was extremely high.

Moreover, the Spiritual Qi here was extremely scarce, which also matched the distinctive traits of a small world.

The spatial passageway had crumbled, and Ling Han had actually arrived in a small world?

No wonder the Black Tower and Heavenly Emperor of Thunder and Fire had appeared in the Lower Realm. After transmigrating through the void, they really would be scrambled all around the entire Realm.

Ling Han set this problem aside. Whether it was a small world or the Ancient Realm, once his injuries were recovered, returning to the Celestial Realm could be achieved at any moment.

He continued to heal his injuries, and about 70 years passed.?Pa, it seemed like something in his body had exploded.

This was a shard of great dao.

Even if only a single shard had been removed, Ling Han felt his whole body grow lighter.

He had finally recovered a slight bit of power. It really was just a slight bit. This progress was much faster than he had expected.

He just barely managed to get to his feet, and felt his whole body sway unsteadily.

“Grandpa Immortal…” Just coincidentally, Zhao Xin happened to come over. When he saw that Ling Han had actually stood up, he was so shocked that his eyes looked to be in danger of popping out.

By now, he was already in his thirties, but he was completely focused on cultivation, and had not married yet. However, his intelligence was not like how it had been when he was younger. How could he not know that Ling Han was a supreme person of extraordinary talent? However, this amazing person had sustained severe injuries, and it was possible that he would never recover in this lifetime. Now that he suddenly saw Ling Han stand up, he was naturally dumbstruck.

Ling Han smiled, yet felt an agonizing pain. No matter what actions he did now, he would feel overwhelming pain.

Zhao Xin talked with Ling Han, relating his latest experiences to him, and what powerful rivals he had encountered, and just how many prodigies he had defeated.

A thought came to Ling Han. “Do you want to learn alchemy?”

Zhao Xin faltered for a moment, and then answered, “Yes.”

Thus, Ling Han began to teach Zhao Xin the art of alchemy.

Unlike Ling Han’s other disciples, it was much more arduous for Zhao Xin to practice alchemy because Ling Han was unable to teach him personally, and could only instruct him verbally, while Zhao Xin himself was mediocre, so understanding was extremely difficult for him. Thankfully, he was extremely resilient, and had a stubborn determination. He was willing to study, and could bear hardship.

Thus, his progress in alchemy was actually not too bad, and this caused Ling Han some slight amount of surprise.

After becoming an alchemist, Zhao Xin’s progress through the cultivation levels became even faster. Furthermore, he had also concocted a considerable number of alchemical pills to extend the lifespan of Zhao Yuliu and the others.

It was only now that they discovered that Ling Han had actually “revived,” and they were all shocked. Zhao Yuliu felt particularly rueful. She had not expected that the act of kindness that had been a mere whim would actually change the fate of the Zhao Clan entirely—of course, it was heading towards a better direction.

However, in everyone’s eyes, Ling Han was only a dying man. Though he could just barely walk now, his injuries were still extraordinarily heavy, and he could possibly die at any moment.

Ling Han was recovering his injuries, while Zhao Xin was campaigning in all directions. 70 years later, he finally became a “great elite” of the Spiritual Ocean Tier, and the members of the Zhao Clan that were superior to him in cultivation level had more or less all passed on.

It could not be helped. The effects of the alchemical pills he could concoct now were limited, and Ling Han had only removed three spikes of great dao. He was far from being capable of using any mystical powers.

Moreover, unless there was no other choice, he had no wish to interfere in the lives of mortals. Living long did not automatically mean happiness. It was already enough to be able to live one’s lifetime well and peacefully.

Zhao Xin continued his legend, but no one knew that there was an incredibly powerful Celestial King standing behind Zhao Xin.

Over 100 years later, Zhao Xin had married and had children of his own, having his own descendants.