Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

2498  Get over here and pay respects

The envoys were all acting casual. As they saw it, what elite could there be hidden in a small world that had just newly ascended?

When they arrived, they would just slightly release the aura of the Mountain River Tier, and just see if that so-called "lord" wouldn't be scared completely witless and kneel and beg to be spared.

Zhao Xin's Imperial Palace was not too far away from the ancestral grounds of the Zhao Clan, and added with how fast they were moving, they arrived at their destination in just over two hours' time, and this was still because Zhao Xin's speed was too slow. If they could all soar, they probably wouldn't even need an hour.

Once they had arrived, Zhao Xin immediately became careful. Even if he had once been the ruler of a world, he couldn't help but think back to when he had been running around Ling Han when he had been little. With a few words, the other party had taught him a supreme cultivation technique, and that was what had allowed him to stand at the height he stood at today.

To him, Ling Han was master, and was also a living masterpiece of cultivation that could not be studied.

Seeing how Zhao Xin was behaving, all the envoys were extremely disdainful. Whom was he acting for? Did he think he could scare them just like this? ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

"Your Imperial Majesty!" The people that were responsible for guarding the ancestral grounds approached, paying their respects to Zhao Xin.

Zhao Xin waved a hand, signaling that they could rise, and then waved them off in dismissal.

In front of Mountain River Tiers, numbers could not be any kind of advantage at all. It would only be a one-sided massacre.

Zhao Xin strode forwards, and entered into the ancestral grounds. However, the envoys were not so well-behaved. They all stood proudly in midair, and wanted to see what tricks Zhao Xin could have up his sleeve.

"Quickly, my time is precious!" the envoy from Fortunate Horse Nation urged.

Though the other envoys did not speak, impatience was clearly written on their faces. They had already played around long enough with this minor character. They really had no patience to continue these games any further.

The ancestral grounds of the Zhao Clan naturally wouldn't be too large. Very quickly, Zhao Xin arrived at the courtyard where Ling Han was resting. Pushing open the doors, he entered, and he saw Ling Han was presently sitting in a chair and sunbathing. Though close to a thousand years had passed, Ling Han's appearance still hadn't changed. His whole body was covered with wounds, and bits of bone could be seen.

"Milord!" Zhao Xin knelt on bent knee, greeting Ling Han.

Ling Han had never said he would take him as a disciple, so he dared not consider himself as a disciple.

Ling Han made no reply, as if he had died—anyone who had sustained such serious injuries would definitely not be far from death, and could only linger with one last breath of life.

"Haha, this is that 'Lord'?" The envoy from the Fortunate Horse Nation looked down from above, and couldn't help but erupt into loud, mocking laughter.

The other envoys were the same. What had they seen? A mere cripple, so injured that all the bones in his body had shattered. Even his skull had caved in, his features distorted. Was this even a human anymore?

"Old geezer, let me send you off on your way!" The envoy from the Fortunate Horse Nation was the wildest. He shot down from midair as he delivered a palm strike straight onto Ling Han's head.

"How dare you!!" Zhao Xin moved. Even if the gap in power was boundless, he could not help himself.

Peng, his punch shot out, but the envoy from the Fortunate Horse Nation suddenly stiffened, and received a direct hit from his punch. Immediately, he stumbled backwards.

And this was because the envoy from the Fortunate Horse Nation had advanced into the Mountain River Tier, and had also cultivated his physique to the Shattering Void Tier. Otherwise, his head would have been crushed into mush with this one punch. Even so, his nose had still caved in, one of his eyes slanted, with blood gushing.

What in the world was going on!

The other envoys also paled in shock. Though the cultivation level of the Fortunate Horse Nation envoy was not too high, in the Ancient Realm, a Mountain River Tier was enough of an elite that they could establish their own force. This was a line that separated mortals from gods.

Zhao Xin had not crossed over this line at all, so how was it that he could injure a Mountain River Tier elite with a single punch?

This was incredibly strange and uncanny!

Involuntarily, a chill rose up their spines. Naturally, the more they didn't understand, the more they were anxious.

Could it be that there really was a "Lord" of astonishing strength?

Zhao Xin was also stunned. That was because he had never known how strong Ling Han was, and only when this punch succeeded did his heart finally calm down.

The strength of Ling Han was something he could not estimate.

"Cao Dong, what was that just now?" one of them asked the Fortunate Horse Nation envoy. He was an envoy of the Right Minister of the Golden Leopard Nation, and the Golden Leopard Nation was a Majestic Empire, but the Fortunate Horse Nation was a Royal Empire. There was a clear hierarchical difference, and he had that amount of confidence to ask this question.

21:50

Cao Dong rubbed the corner of his lips. This punch had really inflicted a lot of pain on him, but it did not cause him severe injury. He spat, produced a mouthful of blood, and then said, "It was like my body stopped for a moment, then I saw a fist coming my way. I could not move at all, and was unable to dodge."

Something like that actually happened?

The Golden Leopard Nation envoy frowned deeply. He descended from the air with wide steps, and stopped around 30 meters away from Ling Han. Clasping his fists, he said, "I am Hu Biao, a subordinate of Lord Yin, the Right Minister of the Golden Leopard Nation. Dare I ask how I may address you, sir?"

He did not dare be careless. If it had really been Ling Han who had acted previously, his strength had to be world-shaking. Thus, he immediately revealed his origins as an intimidation tactic against Ling Han.

However, Ling Han did not respond.

The envoys were all embarrassed. What were they supposed to do now?

Should they advance or retreat?

If they retreated, that would be too cowardly. They had come aggressively, yet were to flee in such a sorry manner? Furthermore, how were they supposed to answer when they returned? If they said that they had encountered a powerful foe, who was that powerful enemy then? Was it really this person who was on his last breath… or perhaps had already died, even?

But if they advanced… Someone had already sustained a loss just now, and this filled all of them with extreme wariness. Who would dare make a move easily?

Hence, they were stuck in a dilemma.

Still, they couldn't just continue this stalemate, right?

Hu Biao fixed his eyes on Ling Han. No matter how he looked at it, he felt that Ling Han was just a cripple that was so heavily injured that could no longer be treated. To say nothing of him, even a person who was just a slight bit stronger could come, and a single stomp would be enough to worsen the cripple's injuries, and cause his immediate death.

Could this cripple really be an elite?

Hu Biao did not believe it!

This thought could not be dismissed. His malice fed his courage, and he couldn't help but take a step, walking towards Ling Han.

Zhao Xin immediately went on guard. The other was a Mountain River Tier, whose strength had surpassed his who knew how many times over.

Hu Biao did not come too close. He only took a few steps, and then made an aggressive move, shooting out a punch through the air at Ling Han.

This was an escape path that he had left for himself.

If Ling Han was just trash, then he naturally would be able to kill both Ling Han and Zhao Xin in a single stroke with the crushing power of Mountain River Tier. If not, he had also reserved enough of a safe distance for himself, and he could immediately turn around and flee.

It was not a bad idea, but the problem here was that the person he was presently facing was a Celestial King!

The power of the punch made contact, yet it froze at a visible speed, and then reversed its course. It was like space had suddenly been turned around on its head.

Peng, this punch was blasted backwards at an even faster speed than it had come. Hu Biao could not even block it completely when his face sustained a heavy punch, causing him so much pain that he hurriedly gripped his face, involuntarily tearing up in pain.

'This…!'

Seeing this scene, all the envoys naturally had no more doubt. There was indeed a great elite on guard here with Zhao Xin, though it might not be that cripple.

"Let's go!"

They turned around and fled at the same time. This rock was too hard, and there was no way that they could move it an inch.

But a spine-chilling scene took place. Though their legs were moving quickly, their bodies did not move the slightest bit. This was extremely bizarre.

Yet Zhao Xin leaned towards Ling Han, as if he was listening to something. Not long after, a hint of surprise appeared in his expression. However, he still declared, "All of you, listen up. After you return, tell the masters of your nations to get over here and pay their respects!"

 