Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 251: Getting Ready

Translator: _Dark_Angel_ Editor: Kurisu

Ling Han had long since been approved as a Black Grade high level alchemist. However, it was a very long process from verification all the way until he was actually presented with his proof of identity. However, over two months should be more than enough to have everything settled completely.

The status of a Black Grade high level alchemist was equivalent to gaining a life-saving golden plaque.

He brought Hu Niu along with him to the Heaven’s Medicine Pavilion.

“Young Master Han!”

“Young Master Han’s here!”

After Xiao Ying came forward to receive them in the Main Hall, various other alchemists too came forward to pay their greetings, all of them looking at Ling Han excitedly.

Ling Han nodded with a smile and asked Fu Yuan Sheng, “Is the verification for my alchemist’s status complete?”

“It’s been completed for a long time. However, because Young Master Han had been in the Devil Sky Mystery Realm all this while, I did not have the opportunity to present it to you. Please allow me to bring it to you.” Fu Yuan Sheng personally rushed to fetch a brocade case, and presented it to Ling Han respectfully.

Ling Han received it from him. Aside from three silver plaques, there was also a crystal-like object within. As long as Origin Power was injected inside this object, it would be activated and form a screen, on which Ling Han’s name, the date of his verification as a Black Grade high level alchemist, as well as his witness were clearly writted.

“Young Master Han, to tell you the truth, our Heaven’s Medicine Pavilion belongs to the Alchemist Society, and the Alchemist Society is an organization that includes all the alchemists of this land. It is in charge of verifiying the grade of alchemists as well as working for the benefit of all alchemists. Young Master Han has not yet reached the age of twenty, but is already a Black Grade high level alchemist. This has caused a stir in the branch at the Nine Nations of the Desolate North, and the various Grandmaster Alchemists have all expressed their hopes that Young Master Han could pay a visit to the Star Brilliance Palace Hall,” Fu Yuan Sheng explained with a smile, his eyes filled with an envy that he could not hide.

The Star Brilliance Palace Hall was the highest ranking branch that the Alchemist Society had in the Nine Nations of the Desolate North, and there were seven Earth Grade alchemists on standby within. All of them were the really important people in this area, and now they actually said they wanted to see Ling Han. What kind of great honor was that?

Ling Han did not take this seriously at all. Instead, he felt a little uncomfortable.

Telling him to pay them a visit? What right did they have to do that?

“If they want to see me, then just let them come themselves. For the moment, I have no intentions to leave Rain Country yet,” Ling Han said calmly.

Some wanted to rebuke him right at that moment, but they recalled Ling Han’s monstrous ability and how he was a Black Grade high alchemist who could actually concoct Foundation Building Pills that were close to Earth Grade, which meant that he already had half a foot into the ranks of Earth Grade alchemists.

Thus, any ordinary Earth Grade alchemist really did not have the right to issue any commands to Ling Han.

“This…” Fu Yuan Sheng wiped off the sweat covering his forehead. In his opinion, being able to visit the Star Brilliance Palace Hall was the stuff of dreams for every alchemist. But in Ling Han’s case, not only was he completely uninterested, he instead wanted the extremely noble Grandmaster Alchemists to pay him a personal visit.

Ling Han gave a wave of his hand and said, “Let’s just put this matter aside for the moment. There is another matter that I would like to request your help on.” 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

“You need only say the word, Young Master Han,” Fu Yuan Sheng hurriedly said with a bow, looking as if Ling Han was honoring him by simply requesting for his help.

Ling Han nodded, and asked, “The Liu Clan is planning to marry off their daughter three days from now. Are you aware of this matter?”

“Yes.” Fu Yuan Sheng took a look at Ling Han and hesitated slightly, but still continued, “According to the information that has spread out from the Liu Clan, Feng Yue is already a disciple of the Winter Moon Sect, and is a Core Disciple. That’s why the Liu Clan has agreed to this marriage.”

Nonsense!

Ling Han shook his head. Even if it was Feng Yan who wanted to marry Liu Yu Tong, the Liu Clan might not agree either. Because although the Winter Moon Sect was powerful, there were still two Black Grade high level alchemists standing behind Ling Han, so he too had his powerful backers.

On the other hand, what benefits would the clan obtain from having their daughter marry a disciple of the Winter Moon Sect? Once a daughter has married out of the clan, that was equivalent to water that has been poured out. An alliance by marriage would usually only have symbolic meaning.

For example, how many princesses of the Imperial Family have been married out all these years? Most of them had been married into the Eight Great Clans, but the Eight Great Clans were still the Eight Great Clans, and none of them had gotten any closer to the Imperial Family. On the other hand, the Eight Great Clans were still united together for additional security, opposing the Imperial Family both on the surface and secretly.

The Winter Moon Sect was not located in the Nine Nations of the Desolate North. If they really abruptly extended their hands into this area, it would first engender the displeasure of the Imperial Family. The Imperial Family would naturally not dare to actually oppose the Winter Moon Sect publicly, but how could they not make life difficult for the Liu Clan?

Thus, even if the Liu Clan married Liu Yu Tong off to Feng Yan, that would only be a symbolic union, what more when the groom was Feng Ming.

According to Ling Han’s deductions, Feng Yan must have given some kind of benefit to the Liu Clan, and this benefit was great enough to cause the Liu Clan to agree to sacrificing a talented elite who was their daughter.

“Young Master Han, the Winter Moon Sect has a powerful elite of Spiritual Infant Tier in their ranks. Unless the few Grandmasters of the Star Brilliance Palace Hall appeared… this would not be easily resolved!” He knew that the matter that Ling Han wanted his help on was definitely related to Liu Yu Tong’s wedding.

Ling Han smiled and said, “It does not have to be so troublesome. It is merely one Feng Yan. By that time, you only need to bring some people to keep up appearances for me. There would be no need to take action.”

Fu Yuan Sheng quickly nodded. Merely helping keep up appearances was of course no issue. He was one of the two Great Bosses of alchemy in Rain Country. Even the Liu Clan would not dare to say anything against him. Moreover, he still had the colossal entity that was the Alchemist Society behind him. Even the Winter Moon Sect would not dare to really do anything to him.

En, Ling Han was also a Black Grade high level alchemist, and was one that had a foot into the ranks of Earth Grade. Even the higher ranks of the Winter Moon Sect would have to treat such a person politely, what more when Feng Yan was only the disciple of one of their lower ranks.

With such thoughts, Fu Yuan Sheng dismissed his worries. Whether Ling Han was able to snatch back Liu Yu Tong was another issue, but at least he himself would not be facing any danger.

However, would Ling Han really be able to snatch Liu Yu Tong back?

The Liu Clan was marrying off one of their daughters. No matter how much of a piece of trash she was being married off to, for the sake of the Liu Clan’s reputation and pride, they would definitely not stand idly by and just watch Ling Han take away the bride. Putting aside their most powerful member at Spiritual Pedestal Tier, merely a few Spiritual Ocean Tier martial artists standing out would be enough to take care of Ling Han.

What was Ling Han really intending to do?

Fu Yuan Sheng was very curious, but Ling Han did not say anything further, and after excusing himself, left quickly.

In the next two days, Feng Yan kept up an especially high profile. He challenged the Third Imperial Prince, Can Ye, and Zhao Huan, the three Core Disciples, one after another, and emerged victorious by completely dominating his opponents.

As this was not the Challenge Competition that would be held at the end of the year, thus even if he had won, he could not become a Core Disciple. However, everyone knew by now that Feng Yan had become a True Disciple of the Winter Moon Sect, and this identity was above the identity of a Core Disicple of Hu Yang Academy by who knows how many times.

Feng Yan was definitely going to leave Rain Country. Thus, he was obviously showing off his might, wanting to really make his name known before he left, stepping on all the geniuses of Rain Country on his way up.

According to those who had watched the battles, Feng Yan had already reached the ninth layer of the Gushing Spring Tier by now. If he could still take one further step into the Spiritual Ocean Tier, then with his current age, he could be considered to have made history in Rain Country—as the youngest ever Spiritual Ocean Tier martial artist.

Compared to Feng Yan’s high profile, Ling Han kept up an extremely low profile. He sat all day inside his courtyard, being extremely patient.

Qi Yong Ye and the others had all paid him a visit, wanting to comfort him. It was obvious that Feng Yan had laid out a trap for Ling Han and was waiting for him to step right into this trap on the day of the wedding. At that time, both the Liu Clan and Feng Yan would have enough reason to kill Ling Han on the spot.

“Yi, how have you broken through to the Gushing Spring Tier already!?” They had yet to begin comforting him when they experienced a tremendous shock as they realized what cultivation level Ling Han was currently at.