Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2503: Arrival

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Ling Han nodded. Zhou Heng looked upon him highly, and that was why he had left behind this Dimensional Transfer Seal.

Just thinking, he knew that this kind of item definitely had to be very hard to create, or Zhou Heng would not have had limited the numbers in the past. Yet now, in a situation when he could not have confirmed Ling Han’s life or death at all, he had still left this behind, which showed how high his opinion of Ling Han was.

Ling Han received the Transfer Seal, and felt very rueful.

In the next few days, he did not do much else, but simply spent time with his parents, brothers, and the others. After this, he would go to the transcendent dimension, and he really did not know how much time it would be until he could next return after this long journey.

He naturally left behind all the Celestial King Pills. When his parents, Feng Po Yun, and the others reached the peak stage of the Ascending Origin Tier, they could use this pill to advance to the Celestial King Tier, and truly gain an immortal lifespan.

He also took out that great Celestial King Tier Roc for a barbeque. The violent aura within it had been refined by Ling Han, and it had become an extremely nutritious food. But even so, everyone could only take a small piece, or they would definitely die.

The Celestial King Tier bird had a lot of meat, and everyone would need several decades to be able to digest the benefits it contained after eating it once. Thus, it was enough for them to eat for several hundred million years.

On the other side, Ling Han naturally was also increasing the might of his Body Art and the Divine Demon Sword.

After reaching the transcendent dimension, he would definitely be unable to use the Regulations he had grasped now. He would need to start from the beginning again, but celestial techniques would not be affected. Thus, he had to improve his Body Art.

This naturally needed a bit of time, but Ling Han was not concerned. In any case, he had already delayed for over a million years, so what would a few more years, or a few tens of thousands of years, hurt?

Of course, when Ling Han had pushed his Body Art to the limit of his current cultivation level, this was already a matter of 20,000 years later.

In terms of Body Art, his Vitality Index had broken through 9000, which was completely enough to fight a Fifth Heaven Celestial King. In fact, an ordinary peak-stage Fifth Heaven Celestial King would not even be a match for him.

Even in the transcendent dimension, this kind of strength was completely capable of claiming a niche, right?

Ling Han bade his parents and brothers farewell, and then activated the Dimensional Transfer Seal while bringing the women with him.

He poured in the mighty power of the Celestial King Tier. Instantly, the jade seal flowed, dazzling the entire Celestial Realm. Then, a sphere of light wrapped around Ling Han and the others.?Xiu

, tearing open the Celestial Realm, it began traversing through countless realms.

Weng, everyone felt light flashing madly in their eyes, and could not see anything at all.?Pa, pa, pa, the clothes they were wearing were all ripped apart, and even Spatial God Tools were no exception. Aside from living beings, nothing would survive.

In fact, even their hair was lost.

It could not be helped. This was a Transfer Seal, and could only safely send them into the transcendent dimension, but there was no guarantee of anything else—unlike when Zhou Heng himself moving with the might of a Heavenly Venerable Tier, in which case this kind of dimensional compression would naturally be no big deal.

They all felt extremely terrible, as if they were mere mortals that had taken an extremely bumpy ride on a carriage, ending up feeling extremely nauseous.

When they were just about at the limits of their tolerance,?peng, space cracked apart, and they shot out like the scattered flowers from the hand of a celestial maiden.

Ling Han was the fastest to react. Stretching out a hand and pressing down, he froze all the women in their movement.

With a thought, Source Power turned into clothing, protecting his body. When one had reached a cultivation level like his, there was actually no need for clothes. Source Power could manifest into anything, and it was more useful than anything else.

Hair also grew immediately. His vitality was extremely strong, so this was no big deal.

The women exchanged looks, and all felt slightly embarrassed.

Though they were all Ling Han’s beautiful wives, they had never appeared naked all at the same time. They, too, used Origin Power to form clothing as protection. Of course, their hair and eyebrows had to be grown at the first instant. They were shy, but prized beauty even more.

Ling Han laughed loudly. This naturally caused the women to blush even harder, and they thought, ‘Could our husband be having some inappropriate thoughts?’

But this had truly wronged Ling Han. With a smile, he withdrew his gaze, and looked around their surroundings.

This was a swamp, and there was fog rising all around them. Even if he was a Celestial King, he actually could not cast his sight to its full limits. He could only see around 1-1.5 km around him.

It should be known that his battle prowess was directly close to the peak stage of the Fifth Heaven Celestial King Tier!

He could not see their surroundings clearly, and his divine sense was also restricted. Naturally, he would not dare to use his full speed. Otherwise, if he encountered any sudden situation, such as crashing into a powerful creature, wouldn’t that be fun now?

This was a transcendent dimension. Ling Han believed he would have no problem ensuring his own safety, but there was definitely no way he could do as he liked here.

“As expected of the transcendent dimension, taking me a notch down straight off the start,” Ling Han said smilingly.

They did not discern the direction, either. In any case, it would be useless even if they did. They just headed in a single direction, and were sure that they would definitely be able to walk out of this place with a straight course.

As they traveled, everyone was adapting themselves.

As expected, in a different dimension, the Regulations would also be different. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

The Regulations they had initially grasped could no longer be used. In this place, they would only be equivalent to the Genesis Tier, and did not even have the ability to fly.

Ling Han was no exception, either. However, his Body Art was too amazing. Was there any need for him to fly? A single leap was faster than the speed of the majority of Celestial Kings.

Of course, he did not dare speed up at present.

They did not stay idle, but were rather re-cultivating with the Regulations of this place.

“As expected of a transcendent dimension!” They soon formed a common understanding.

In terms of number, the Regulations here were not much different from the Celestial Realm. There was just an additional Regulation of Darkness and Light, as well as three other Regulations that Ling Han could not name as of yet. It could not be helped. He had never come into contact with these Regulations, so how could he name them?

But for the similar Regulations of Metal, this great dao was much more complex and closer to its essence.

This undoubtedly raised the difficulty level of cultivation, but the benefit was also extremely apparent. Because if they cultivated like this to Ninth Heaven, they would be even closer to the essence of heaven and earth, and would be able to grasp the power of heaven and earth more easily, and step into the Heavenly Venerable Tier from there.

No wonder Sixth Tier Heavenly Venerates could be nurtured here, or even Seventh Tier Heavenly Venerates!

Ling Han created another Spatial God Tool, and then stowed all the women inside. This place was filled with unknown dangers, so it was best to be careful. If he was by himself, he could come and go as he pleased, which would greatly increase the safety level.

He strolled onwards slowly. The swamp was enshrouded in fog, and there was a strange stickiness to the ground. His legs would at least be swallowed up to the knees with a single step, and if he could not exert force in time, it was possible that even his entire person would be sunken in.

This was also why Ling Han did not allow the women to travel with him. It would affect their speed too much.

The primary reason was because they had not grasped the Regulations here yet, and naturally could not move the elements, and would thus be trapped by their circumstances.

Thankfully, Ling Han’s Body Art was too strong. With a light jump, he could leap through the skies.

This swamp was very filthy and the water muddy and clouded, exuding a rank stench. When one lifted a foot, bubbles would emerge, as if countless bodies were buried beneath. The smell was really intoxicating.

Even Ling Han found it slightly unbearable. He held a hand to his nose to avoid being attacked by this poisonous stench.

The swamp was extremely huge. After walking for a day, there was still no sign that he was about to leave this swamp. He could not help but increase his speed, because he had also developed some understanding of this place after this one day and night. Setting aside the issue that it was hard to travel here, this was actually a plateau, and there was no sign of life.

Peng, his feet exerted force, and his speed immediately began to spike.

In a flash, another three days had passed. Ling Han rapidly raced forth, and suddenly felt like something black was barrelling towards him. He hurriedly “stepped on the brakes,” but it was still too late. That black thing had crashed into him.

Ling Han did not attack, because he instantly realized that this was a wild beast. However, it was only at the Ascending Origin Tier, and there was no need for him to be concerned at all.

Ling Han did not move in the slightest with this collision, but that wild beast was sent flying. Thankfully, Ling Han had stopped in the nick of time, or it would definitely have exploded from the impact and turned into a shower of blood.

Even so, this wild beast was still dazed. It could not even stand steadily, and was turning around in circles on the spot.

Ling Han could see very clearly. This was a massive green frog. Its back was dark green in color, while its belly was white. There were three golden strokes on its forehead, and if there was another vertical stroke, it could call itself the king of?frogs1.

“We’ve caught up to it!” At this time, three people also arrived, as quick as lightning.