Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2521: Returning to the Third Heaven

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The most special thing about this cauldron was its sturdiness.

However, a good pill refinement cauldron needed more than just sturdiness. It also needed a powerful ability to resist flames. This was especially the case when it came to refining Celestial King Tier pills. To refine such pills, one would need to use flames extracted from the Great Dao of Fire. Even Divine Metal would be slowly melted by such flames.

Divine Metal was sturdy, yet this didn’t represent that it couldn’t be damaged. It was just that it couldn’t be comprehensively destroyed.

Ling Han’s comprehension of the Great Dao of Fire wasn’t deep, but he had still developed a sliver of understanding because he had refined a piece of Divine Metal before. He immediately summoned the Great Dao of Fire to burn the cauldron.

To his surprise, the cauldron didn’t show any signs of softening even though it quickly became bright red. It was extremely resistant to flames.

Upon further thought, Ling Han speculated that this was because some kind of peculiar clay had been added to the materials used in the making of this cauldron.

Clay was far more resistant to flames than metal, so by mixing the two together, the resulting cauldron would naturally possess powerful resistance to flames.

Of course, this couldn’t be achieved with ordinary clay, nor could it be achieved with ordinary metal.

“In my view, this metal is most likely derived from the impurities produced in the process of purifying Divine Metal. Thus, it doesn’t possess the intensity and murderous aura of Divine Metal, but its sturdiness can almost rival that of Divine Metal. The difference is that Divine Metal has the ability to regenerate itself, while this metal most likely doesn’t.

“It’s genuinely sturdy, but once it’s damaged, it’s genuinely damaged as well. Even after fixing it, there will still be imperfections. This is unlike Divine Metal, which is whole to begin with. As if it possesses life, it possesses the ability to heal and regenerate.

“However, to me, this cauldron is indeed very useful.

“I finally have a high-quality pill refinement cauldron!”

Ling Han was extremely satisfied. Right now, he naturally needed to refine Celestial King Tier pills. Thus, his requirements for the necessary cauldron were also extremely strict. Otherwise, what would he do if the cauldron melted halfway through the pill refinement process?

......

For example, refining the Celestial King Pills had given him a massive headache.

He put the cauldron aside. He then started to cultivate in seclusion, keeping an extremely low profile.

This was even though countless people wanted to visit him. After all, regardless of how he had achieved it, his ability to enter the rankings proved a single point: his talent was lofty and boundless.

Such a person was naturally worth buttering up to.

However, Ling Han was in no mood to make new friends. Right now, his goal was to improve his cultivation. To say nothing of advancing to the Fourth Heaven, he at least had to return to the Third Heaven no matter what.

He activated the full power of his physique. He then activated the Regulations of Time, accelerating time and increasing the speed of his cultivation.

This was a transcendent dimension, so not only were there more Regulations, but they were also more powerful. Indeed, even monarch tier Celestial Kings from the Celestial Realm might be defeated by ordinary Celestial Kings from this realm.

Thus, Ling Han wasn’t simply undergoing a process of recultivation. At the same time, he was also improving his grasp of the Regulations.

The days passed one by one. Meanwhile, Ling Han’s cultivation level also continued to rise.

Each year, the martial academy would distribute an astonishing amount of cultivation resources. This was the only transcendent dimension in the Genesis World, so it naturally possessed an astonishingly rich amount of cultivation resources. Now that all of these resources had been gathered together, there was naturally enough to support the wild and fervent cultivation of these supreme prodigies.

Ling Han naturally didn’t use any of these resources. After all, he was still far from reaching the Celestial King Tier. There was no hurry. In any case, these resources wouldn’t go to waste. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

10 years, 100 years, 1,000 years. Before long, 7,000 years had already passed.

To Celestial Kings, even though 7,000 years was more than just the blink of an eye, it was still an insignificant and short moment compared to their exorbitantly long lifespan.

The World’s Paramount Martial Academy didn’t experience any exciting incidents, either. Even though one or two more people had passed the Nine Deaths Formation, becoming proper disciples of the martial academy, they hadn’t been anywhere near as freakish as Ling Han. Thus, they naturally hadn’t caused a ripple.

Meanwhile, Ling Han had kept an extremely low profile this entire time, not showing himself once in the 7,000 years. As such, even though he had caused a huge commotion before, he was also gradually forgotten.

Some people speculated that he had used some kind of peculiar technique to pass the formation, perhaps even exhausting his life force. It was because of this that he had achieved such an outstanding result. At the same time, it was also because of this that he had been recuperating all these years. Otherwise, why would he not show himself after achieving such an outstanding feat?

If Ling Han exited seclusion at this moment and revealed his true identity, he could definitely still cause a huge commotion. However, if he didn’t reveal his identity, perhaps not a single person would recognize him.

It was at this moment that Ling Han finally concluded his seclusion.

Third Heaven Celestial King!

He had finally returned to his original cultivation level. Moreover, he had become even more powerful.

“However, even though I’ve become more powerful, the others have also grown more powerful as well. I don’t possess any advantage. On the contrary, even though my power of Regulations has improved, my Body Art hasn’t seen any improvement at all. In reality, my advantage has been weakened,” Ling Han murmured to himself.

However, he wasn’t disappointed in the least. This was because he was filled with confidence. He was more so filled with fighting spirit. Having competition was always good.

“Prodigies from countless dimensions are all gathered here, so perhaps there are some people who are keeping an extremely low profile. As such, there are most likely far more elites than those who appear on the Eternal Stone.

“I truly want to head out for a battle.”

Ling Han stood up. He had already “rested” for long enough. It was time to go out for a stroll.

He first had a hearty gathering with his wives in the Spatial Celestial Tool, after which he collected all of the cultivation resources that he had been given. He then left his abode, and casually strolled through the mountains.

After arriving at the waist of the mountain, he saw that there was a library located here. He walked inside for a look.

This library wasn’t filled with ancient books, and it housed numerous jade seals instead. As long as one released their divine sense to make contact with a jade seal, they could construct a channel through which the information from the jade seal would travel through. This was extremely convenient and fast.

Moreover, these jade seals could also become vessels that could host the divine senses of many people at once, allowing them to communicate and discuss their comprehensions. This was incredibly mysterious and wonderful.

According to rumors, this process had been implemented after studying the technology of some technologically advanced dimensions.

This library was extremely large, and it more so held countless jade seals. There were also dedicated rooms that only held a single jade seal, and many more people would be standing around these. It was due to the popularity of these jade seals that they had been placed into dedicated rooms.

Ling Han walked up to the first jade seal that he encountered in the library. This was the largest jade seal, yet it didn’t possess any cultivation technique or whatnot. Instead, this was a directory and catalog for the library.

He scanned through the information. This library truly contained everything.

There were jade seals about astrology, geography, history, pill refinement, tool refinement, and so on. Of course, there were even more on cultivation techniques, with many of them powerful enough to be regarded as paramount mystical powers in the Celestial Realm. Even Ninth Heaven Celestial King forces would fight to the death over them. Here, however, they were available for everyone to learn.

Of course, this only applied to the disciples of the martial academy.

To call itself the world’s paramount, this academy was indeed powerful and domineering. Even Celestial King Tier secret techniques were freely available for everyone to study.

A thought suddenly occurred to Ling Han. Right now, only his Fists of Fury could be regarded as a self-created technique. However, all of his other techniques had been learned from other people.

This was far too inferior. If he wanted to become a Heavenly Venerate, he would need to forge a unique path for himself.

He would elevate the level of his Fists of Fury first.

In fact, this was a technique that he had created while he was still at the Dividing Soul Tier. Now, however, he was already at the Celestial King Tier. Thus, he naturally needed to refine and improve it.

However, could he refine and improve it just because he wanted to?

He walked over to the fist technique section. There were countless secret techniques regarding fists here, and Ling Han greedily used his divine sense to absorb all of this information. However, he didn’t practice these techniques. Instead, he simply consulted them and used them as references. He was going to take the advantages of each and then combine them with his own comprehension.

Right now, he was simply absorbing this information.

“Brother Ding, are you going to the Prospective Partner Ceremony?”