Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2536: Battling Imperial Void

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The Imperial Void Celestial King naturally spotted the large black dog as well, and his initial smiling expression immediately faded as his eyes turned harsh as well, filled with killing intent. “Damn dog, you actually dare appear in front of me again!”

The large black dog’s eyes spun around, showing a hint of guilt, but his tongue did not hold back at all. He exclaimed, “Why would Grandpa Dog not dare appear?”

The Imperial Void Celestial King moved aggressively. He was a Ninth Heaven Celestial King, so what reservations did he need to have? In fact, among Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings, he was also one of the strongest. Aside from a Heavenly Venerate, just how many people could suppress him?

Boom, the large hand descended, and even the stars were trembling. He was an absolutely powerful Celestial King.

The large black dog’s fur stood on ends.?Xiu, he suddenly flashed, shockingly quick. Before the large hand landed, he had already run out. Then, he stood on his hind legs, pointed at the Imperial Void Celestial King, and declared, “Bratty Imperial Void, Grandpa Dog will not drop to your level so that your master would not come out and make trouble for Grandpa Dog if I make you cry.”

Everyone was speechless. It was clear that it was the large black dog who did not dare fight the opponent, but he was actually saying such pleasant words. He truly was extremely cunning.

However, managing to escape from the hands of the Imperial Void Celestial King, this large black dog’s strength was definitely extraordinary as well, and he could not be underestimated.

The Imperial Void Celestial King did not make another move. He had long since known that this large black dog was extremely slippery, and was a specialist in the art of escape. Thus, the difficulty level of capturing him was extremely high. It could be claimed that only a Heavenly Venerate would be able to achieve this feat.

“Humph, all of the line of the Karmic Life Heavenly Venerable are really such cowards!” he declared coldly.

Ling Han was displeased now. Coughing lightly, he said, “The brat over there, why do you look so ugly!”

The Imperial Void Celestial King was startled. He looked ugly?

He was not an extremely dashing young man, but definitely could not be considered ugly. Furthermore, when one had reached a cultivation level that they had, what significance would ugliness or beauty have? What was most important was strength, and strength was the deciding factor in everything else.

Hence, this brat had to be deliberately provoking him.

Hehe, a mere Third Heaven junior actually dared to be so arrogant in front of him. This was really laughable.

He crossed his hands behind him, and said, “Though the martial academy has a rule that one cannot attack another who is inferior by more than two cultivation levels, you were the one who provoked me first. In that case, there should be no one who would blame me if I gave you a hard beating!”

Ling Han laughed. “Imperial Void, let’s have a battle in the Nine Deaths Formation, would you dare?”

The Imperial Void Celestial King scoffed, “I am a great Ninth Heaven Celestial King, so why should I lower myself, and pull myself down to the same level as you?”

“You are just in the Ninth Heaven. Whom among those gathered here today could not achieve that? Hence, there is no need to boast about that!” Ling Han stated evenly. “If you are so capable, then only one who can win in a battle of equal cultivation level can truly convince others!” Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Xiao Yingxiong and the others all nodded. If anyone among them here today had difficulty even in breaking through to the Ninth Heaven, they would not be qualified to enter the martial academy.

A higher cultivation level… only meant that you started on the path of cultivation earlier. What was key was if you would be able to break through to the Heavenly Venerable Tier.

And what kind of person had a higher chance of breaking through to the Heavenly Venerable Tier?

Of course, it had to be one with a higher Evolution Index, and also one who was stronger in a battle of equal cultivation level.

“Dare, or not dare!” Ling Han continued forcefully.

The Imperial Void Celestial King was in a slightly awkward position now. He was used to being high and noble. When he was in the Celestial Realm, he was completely willful and did whatever he liked, killing whomever he wanted to kill. But this was a different place. Even the Sealed Emotion Heavenly Venerable would have to keep a very low profile here, or he would be easily taught how he was to behave properly at any time.

He thought for a while. He himself was a supreme monarch star as well, and his Evolution Index was as high as 11. Furthermore, even if he suppressed his cultivation level, his experience and battle sense would not be affected, so he naturally had a greater advantage in actual battle.

Was there any need for him to be afraid?

“All right, we will battle!” the Imperial Void Celestial King said.

Xiao Yingxiong and the others all shook their heads, sighing for the Imperial Void Celestial King.

‘…You still have no idea that this guy is Zhang San or Li Si, right? He has left behind his name on the Eternal Stone, and his rank is as high as eighth place, superior to even Heavenborn. Moreover, he has fought with Xiao Yingxiong just some days ago, and in the end, Xiao Yingxiong was horribly defeated.’

This guy’s Evolution Index should be on the way to 12.

Only Xiao Yingxiong knew that Ling Han’s Evolution Index had not reached 12. Instead, it was his Body Art that was too frightening, allowing his battle prowess to emulate the most freakish level of an Evolution Index of 12.

This was information that he had obtained in exchange for a terrible defeat. He had no plans to share it with anyone else, but rather planned to take the secret of this powerful Body Art for his own after he defeated Ling Han.

He naturally had an ulterior motive for inviting Ling Han on this venture.

The Imperial Void Celestial King really did not know who Ling Han was, and just thought that since they were both supreme monarch stars, what did he need to fear?

The two of them soon arrived in front of the Nine Deaths Formation. Ling Han directly chose the third level of the great formation and entered. Without the slightest hesitation, the Imperial Void Celestial King followed him as well.

In that way, this could be considered a battle at the same tier. He would move mercilessly, and give Ling Han a terrible defeat so the latter would suffer the consequences of his actions.

“Young man, your path is still very long. To fight me—”

Boom!

The Imperial Void Celestial King was about to spout out a few more words when he saw an iron fist was already flying towards him, bringing with it a frightening Regulation of Fire.

“Humph!” He had no choice but to shut up as his palms rose, meeting Ling Han’s strike.

The two of them battled fiercely, each using their own powerful techniques. It was extremely intense.

The Imperial Void Celestial King was slightly surprised, and even more jealous.

That was because there were slight signs that Ling Han was overwhelming him!

In a battle at the same tier, he was actually inferior to the other party?

It should be known that he was a supreme monarch star whose Evolution Index was as high as 11, so who else could be stronger than him? Only one whose Evolution Index was 12!

Though there was not much evidence, if one’s Evolution Index reached 12, he would definitely be able to become a Heavenly Venerate.

For example, Huo Furong. She was this kind of supreme prodigy. However, the Green Flames Heavenly Venerate placed a seal on her so she could aim for even higher, and that was why she had appeared in this lifetime.

Still, though the three great Heavenly Venerates had made predictions, they clearly had been deceived by the heaven and earth. Such a great opportunity presented by the Celestial Path had simply been a trap.

This was something irrelevant to the present.

Just how many years had the Imperial Void Celestial King been stuck in the Ninth Heaven Celestial King Tier?

Several epochs!

But he had only just vaguely glimpsed hope, and who knew how far he was away from actually breaking through. However, this young man in front of him practically had the potential to rise directly to the Heavenly Venerable Tier, so how could he not feel envious?

Becoming a Heavenly Venerate was his greatest heart’s desire, and also the source of his greatest resentment, surpassing all else.

“Damn it!” he cursed internally. With a thought, a green ancient bell immediately appeared above his head.

This was his Celestial Tool, the Ancient Bell of Qian.

Ring!

The ancient bell rang by itself, sending out a series of ripples that spread out in all directions. And with the tolling of the bell, even the space inside this great formation was crumbling bit by bit.

The might of the Celestial Tool was astonishingly great.

The Imperial Void Celestial King smirked. “Young man, your foundations are far from matching me. This Ancient Bell of Qian was forged by me plucking 17 types of Divine Metal, which is equivalent to 17 Celestial Kings attacking at the same time. How can you block this?”

Who would have greater battle prowess in a battle at the same tier?

Celestial Tools!

Why? That was simple. Firstly, they were indestructible, and secondly, they could not be destroyed. How could they not be awesome with these two advantages added together?

The Ancient Bell of Qian was forged from melting 17 different types of Divine Metal together. Though its sturdiness could not be further improved, and it was the same for its sharpness as well, it was equivalent to having 17 Celestial Kings attacking at the same time, which was terrifying.

The tolling of the bell rang out, destroying space layer by layer, possessing formidable might.

Yet Ling Han showed a hint of a smile.