Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2537: Thoughts cleared

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Had Ling Han gone mad?

Of course not. He was just feeling pleased because the Imperial Void Celestial King said that this bell had been produced from the fusion of 17 different types of Divine Metal.

17 types? If it was devoured by the Divine Demon Sword, the might of the Divine Demon Sword would definitely be boosted further.

If this was another place, Ling Han would definitely be helpless. That was because the Ancient Bell of Qian was a Ninth-Heaven precious tool. To say nothing of the fact he would not be able to suppress it, its might after automatic revival would be able to easily cause serious injuries to Ling Han.

But here, with the suppression of cultivation level, the level of the Ancient Bell of Qian would have to drop to the Third Heaven.

In a battle of equals, even if there were 17 people on the other side, what would Ling Han have to fear?

He laughed, and finally activated his Body Art. Instantly, his battle prowess spiked madly.

So what if it was a Celestial Tool?

No matter how strong a Celestial Tool was, it was still just a tool. It was not a human, and there had to be an upper limit to its strength.

‘It is indeed true that you are the sharpest, as well as sturdiest, but battle prowess is not just made up of these two factors.’

The Imperial Void Celestial King was extremely stunned. Ling Han’s battle prowess had suddenly soared at least four to five times over!

…Once Ling Han’s Body Art and power of Regulation showed their might at the same time, that was definitely not as simple an equation as one plus one equals two, but rather would be soaring three times, five times, and the like.

“You…” The Imperial Void paled in shock, and finally found out why Ling Han had dared to challenge him.

F***, was this really a Third Heaven Celestial King?

“Humph, I possess a Celestial Tool, so what can you do against me?” The Imperial Void Celestial King summoned the Ancient Bell of Qian back, and it emanated thousands of brilliant rays of light, enshrouding him within this radiance.

His meaning was apparent. ‘My battle prowess may be inferior, but my defense is invincible. Just come and try to penetrate my defense.’

This was very shameless, but it was also very useful. 17 types of Divine Metal melded together would be equivalent to having 17 Celestial Kings protecting him together, and added with the Imperial Void Celestial King’s own strength, this was a defense that could not be broken through.

The Imperial Void Celestial King stood, clasping his hands behind his back. His eyes were set on Ling Han. He had already decided that if he came across the opportunity, he would definitely kill this freakish young man.

“Is that right?” Ling Han smiled slightly, and also summoned the Divine Demon Sword.

Shua, a cold light dazzled abruptly as Ling Han swept out the sword towards the precious Qi that had descended from the Ancient Bell of Qian.

Boom!

With a loud?bang, the precious Qi was actually torn apart forcefully. Thankfully, the subsequent precious Qi also managed to descend in time, guarding this opening, and not allowing Ling Han to take the chance to penetrate through the defenses.

The Imperial Void Celestial King was shocked. His precious tool had been forged from a fusion of 17 different Divine Metals. Though it was impossible that they would truly be fused as one, it was still equivalent to having 17 Celestial Kings attack at the same time, so was this still not enough?

However, this sword of Ling Han’s was even more frightening. It had truly fused the might of Divine Metals together. It was like a Third Heaven Celestial King whose strength had advanced to the Fourth Heaven through hard cultivation.

These were two completely different directions of improvement.

With his experience, he immediately cried out, and exclaimed, “This is Devouring Metal!”

In the whole world, only Devouring Metal would have this kind of ability. Through devouring various metals that existed in the world, it would raise its own strength, and even break through the limits of Divine Metal, becoming a precious tool refined by a Heavenly Venerate.

The Imperial Void knew because the Sealed Emotion Heavenly Venerable himself had such a precious tool.

Was this destiny?

The Imperial Void Celestial King’s eyes spat fire. The other party’s Evolution Index was 12, and he even possessed the Devouring Metal. It was as if the heaven and earth were expressing that this was going to be the next Heavenly Venerate in this manner.

He would not submit!

What did he lack? He had already cultivated hard for several epochs, and had always stood at the pinnacle of Celestial Kings. Why was it not he that had obtained such great fortune?

“Ah!” he roared furiously, and the Celestial Bell swayed and rang, emanating an even stronger wave.

The Imperial Void Celestial King’s emotions had gone slightly out of control. He was going to burst with even stronger power, and then kill Ling Han.

Unfortunately, this was the Nine Deaths Formation, which had been laid out by a Heavenly Venerate. In fact, it was not just a First or Second Tier, but rather Fifth or Sixth Tier Heavenly Venerate.

How could the Imperial Void Celestial King possibly break through this formation?

Ling Han brandished the sword in a mad series of swipes.?Ding, ding, ding, weng, weng, weng. He did not attack the Imperial Void Celestial King, but rather targeted the Ancient Bell of Qian. That was because he knew that it was impossible to kill the Imperial Void Celestial King. Even if his cultivation level had been suppressed in the formation, there were still Heavenly Venerates on guard in the martial academy. How could they allow him to do as he liked?

Then he would take advantage of this.

His right hand brandished the sword in a slash, while his left hand curled into a fist that struck again and again on the ancient bell.

This was Fists of Fury, and he had recently instilled various kinds of Fist Intent into it. It had not completely taken form yet; he only had a vague direction.

The Imperial Void Celestial King could be considered a rare opponent. Furthermore, Ling Han’s grudge towards him was not a light one. This just happened to correspond to the Intent Realm of Fists of Fury, allowing him to complete this fist technique quicker.

With who the Imperial Void Celestial King was, even if his cultivation level had been suppressed, it did not mean that so had his insight. He couldn’t help but go mad with fury. This brat actually dared to use him as a sparring partner. Just how far was he looking down on him?

He burst with fury, and launched a powerful counterattack. The Ancient Bell of Qian glowed, one seal after another flickering, but they were immediately suppressed by a mysterious power.

It could not be helped. This was the Ninth Deaths Formation, and even a Ninth Heaven Celestial King would have his cultivation level suppressed to the right level when he entered.

Ling Han cleared the idle thoughts out of his mind, and completely focused on using Fists of Fury.

He had already instilled various types of Fist Intent into the Fists of Fury in the last few days, but this was a chaotic medley. Not only did it not increase the might of Fists of Fury, they were instead all out of place. Various Fist Intents were at conflict with each other. In fact, it was even slightly amusing, as if he was a drunkard that was trying out a fist technique. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

But Ling Han was completely unconcerned. His mind and heart were clear, and could accommodate the entire world.

He was going to create a cultivation technique that belonged solely to him.

There was no need for technique to be limited to fists, swords, sabers, and so on. When one had reached the height he had, was there any difference?

Yes, there was a difference when one used a Celestial Tool or did not, but aside from this, there was no difference at all.

‘I have a heart that can accommodate the world. My Intent Realm is this heaven, and this earth, this heart that is free of shackles.’

Ling Han suddenly laughed loudly. The Intent Realm of Fists of Fury was too limited, causing him to be restricted to the emotion of fury.

This was a small path.

“My path is so that this heaven can no longer cover my eyes, and this ground cannot bury my heart. I am who I am, the one and only me!” Ling Han declared internally, and his thoughts immediately cleared.

Crack!

Even in the Nine Deaths Formation, the sound of a heavenly tribulation immediately rang out. Dense clouds rolled out, with lightning flashing in their deaths. This was the arrival of a heavenly tribulation.

Ling Han shuddered. His enlightenment had actually drawn a heavenly tribulation?

F***, was there any need to be so exaggerating?

However, he understood as well. It was only because this path of his that was still in an infantile stage was quite awesome, which drew envy from even this transcendent dimension, which intended to get rid of him.

It should be known that the stronger the dimension, the better they could accommodate others. In this place, even a Seventh Tier Heavenly Venerate would not be struck by lightning the moment they appeared, yet now Ling Han had just formed the bare framework of a kind of Dao in his mind, and he was already targeted by the heaven and earth. This proved just how extraordinary his Dao was.

“You…” The Imperial Void Celestial King was extremely shocked. This guy was too frightening. His whole body was flashing with the light of Dao. This was comprehension!

But he was clearly fighting, and he could still get enlightenment like this. Furthermore, this had actually drawn out a heavenly tribulation. Just how amazing was this?

Too dangerous; just who was this guy!

Determination appeared in the eyes of the Imperial Void Celestial King. He had decided to ruin Ling Han’s comprehension.

He had to. No matter what Ling Han was comprehending, this was too frightening. He definitely could not be allowed to succeed.

A purple light appeared from the Imperial Void Celestial King, and his aura was greatly boosted in an instant.

This was a secret technique that the Sealed Emotion Heavenly Venerable had created. The Imperial Void had learned it, but usually would not use it at all.

Why was this?

This secret technique was too overbearing. It was based on the cultivation level and physique of a Heavenly Venerate. Even if he was a Ninth Heaven Celestial King, he still could not use it freely, and would have to pay an exorbitant price.

But this time, just for Ling Han, he did not hesitate to wound himself.