Chapter 2571: Nine successive wins

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Ling Han grabbed a streak of great dao, and pressed it against Niu Er.

Boom!

The two of them clashed. Niu Er’s saber was very fast, and very sharp as well, but Ling Han’s physique was not weak, either. The Indestructible Celestial King Physique had already reached the sixth level, and could be undamaged even when clashing head-on against a great saber that was a Pseudo-Celestial Tool. On the contrary, the resulting impact had caused a great many tiny cracks to appear on that great saber.

However, since he could be invited to snipe Ling Han, Niu Er’s strength was indeed powerful.

He was a Fourth Heaven Celestial King—and a monarch tier at that. His Vitality Index surpassed 9000 points, and his battle prowess was extremely amazing. Even Ling Han had no choice but to become slightly more vigilant, now feeling slightly intrigued.

But with how strong Ling Han’s physique was, it did not matter however Niu Er blasted him. With Ling Han’s body being as strong as Sixth Heaven Celestial King Tier, how could Niu Er actually inflict any injury on him?

On the spectators’ seats, everyone released a tsunami wave of shouting, but it only consisted of only a single word, “kill.”

Whether it was Ling Han who killed Niu Er, or Niu Er who killed Ling Han, they did not care. As long as they could witness an exciting battle which would end with the death of either side, that was good enough for them.

“Too bad, too bad!” Zhao Shuang shook his head continuously. “I actually did not manage to grab such a good opportunity! Sigh, looks like there won’t be a next time.”

He, too, had not expected that the tournament authorities would actually be so harsh. Not only had a Blood Martial King been deployed, it was one whose wins were in the positive, and an elite like Niu Er at that.

Meanwhile, Tang Yuan’s expression was dark. He had a lot of confidence in Ling Han, but Niu Er was too strong, and even Tang Yuan did not dare say lightly that Ling Han could win.

He was even more confused. Hadn’t the tournament authorities gone too far? Just to snipe Ling Han and prevent him from becoming a Blood Martial King, they had actually sent out an elite like Niu Er? Even if the title of Blood Martial King was a great glory, Ling Han had also proven his strength through the last few battles.

Could it be… that it was Lu Li playing tricks behind the scenes?

Then this guy would definitely have paid an exorbitant price because merely the payment for Niu Er to appear alone would be astonishingly high, what more when he would have to influence the tournament authorities.

He did not understand, but he could only cheer Ling Han on secretly, hoping that Ling Han would be able to win.

In the arena.

With a?pa, the great saber in Niu Er’s hands suddenly shattered. This Pseudo-Celestial Tool could have initially been used for several hundred years before needing maintenance, but the power of Ling Han’s fists was too domineering. He had forcefully destroyed this saber.

It should be known that Ling Han was capable of tearing apart Battle Armor that was his equal in cultivation level or even a level higher with his bare hands, so what did blasting apart a Pseudo-Celestial Tool count as?

“Human bastard, I have really underestimated you!” Niu Er did not panic. Instead, his body shuddered, and his single horn began to glow. It actually stimulated great dao, which turned into endless ripples.

Ling Han appeared slightly surprised. The feeling that this single horn gave him was even more intimidating than that Pseudo-Celestial Tool from before.

This Niu Er was a member of the Herculean Iron Bull Race. This should be the natural talent of his race, allowing him to possess battle prowess superior to his cultivation level.

Niu Er lowered his head slightly, aimed straight at Ling Han, and charged towards him.

His speed was exceedingly high. He practically appeared in front of Ling Han the moment his feet moved, his single horn charging harshly towards Ling Han.

Niu Er’s mouth bared a proud grin. Once his native natural talent was activated, his sole horn would become as hard and sharp as Divine Metal, strong enough to pierce through Ling Han’s body and stab right through him.

‘Hmm?’

He suddenly discovered something was off. Though he could not see, because he had his head lowered, divine sense was like mental tentacles, allowing him to “see” that a large hand was steadily and strongly holding his single horn.

He couldn’t move any further.

Niu Er pushed forwards with all his might, yet Ling Han could not be moved at all, his power far superior.

He was just a Third Heaven Celestial King, so how could he possibly have such frightening power?

“Idiotic human brat, do you think that this is the full ability of our Herculean Iron Bull Race?” Niu Er smirked coldly. Though his race was called the Herculean Iron Bull Race, great strength and strong defense were definitely not all the unique traits of their race.

In truth, their strongest native ability was not apparent from their name.

Weng, the single horn suddenly shot out a ray of light, which surged towards Ling Han.

This was a death ray. If one was struck by it, even a Ninth Heaven Celestial King could possibly be killed.

Ling Han gave a loud shout, frightening power suddenly bursting from his right hand.?Peng, a gush of fresh blood sprayed out, and Niu Er’s single horn actually was pulled out by force. That death ray shot slightly off course.

“Ah!” Niu Er screamed in pain. The single horn was the strongest weapon of his race. At the same time, it was also the fountain of power for them. Now that he had lost his bull’s horn, his strength instantly dropped to rock bottom.

Ling Han followed up with another punch.?Peng, Niu Er’s mind was instantly punched through, and he collapsed loudly onto the ground, turning back into his original form. He was a massive black bull, his skin as hard as iron.

Ling Han moved quickly, and stowed the corpse of this great bull into the Spatial Celestial Tool. This was a Celestial-King-Tier ingredient, so how could he allow it to go to waste?

On the spectators’ seats, everyone sucked in a sharp breath.

This action of Ling Han was really too well-practiced. Kill, stow the body, and he also had to carefully avoid destroying Niu Er completely. Could it be that it was really as Ling Han had said previously, that he would fry Niu Er with onions or barbeque him?

It was hard to imagine that such a mighty, fierce guy was actually a glutton.

Meanwhile, Ling Han looked at the single horn in his hand. He could sense that this horn contained great power, and perhaps it could be of use to him.

“Inconceivable! Inconceivable! Niu Er has actually lost to Li Long. Heavens, he has already achieved nine successive wins. Who else is there that would be able to stop him from becoming the next Blood Martial King?” the commentator exclaimed in amazement, spit flying everywhere.

Meanwhile, Zhao Shuang sighed secretly. Previously, he had still been feeling resentment that he had not gambled with Tang Yuan, but now he felt very lucky and happy that he had not. Otherwise, he would’ve been losing very terribly again.

He did not want to gamble on Ling Han ever again. Even if he were to place any bets, that would be betting that Ling Han could win.

The spectators were all cheering and shouting. Though Ling Han had not obliterated Niu Er, and the scene was not too bloody, they had still watched an exciting battle. More importantly, Niu Er had still died in the end, and that was worth it.

The ninth battle had ended, and Ling Han returned to Tang Yuan’s courtyard, again beginning a low-key life.

He needed some time to accumulate the results of his battles in those recent days. He also had to study that bull’s horn closely, and see if it could be used in alchemy. It contained astonishing power, which was not inferior to that of Celestial King Tier Great Herbs at all.

“One more win, and this Ascending Dragon Pill is yours.” Tang Yuan took out a pill bottle, waving it in front of Ling Han, as if he was deliberately trying to tempt him. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Naturally, Ling Han had absolutely no interest in the Ascending Dragon Pill. He only wanted to analyze the composition of this kind of alchemical pill to see how it was capable of increasing the chances of a Celestial King breaking through to the next cultivation level.

He did not reply, as per usual.

Tang Yuan seemed to have become used to Ling Han’s attitude, and did not think that he was being rebellious. As long as Ling Han could continue to win, he was willing to accept this kind of “bad temper” from Ling Han.

And the upcoming 10th match was the most crucial. As long as Ling Han could win again, he could then become a Blood Martial King, and possess the right to challenge Lu Li’s Blood Martial King.

Tang Yuan used the power at his disposal to exert influence on the tournament authorities, attempting to make the sniper for the 10th match slightly easier to deal with.

Another three months later, Ling Han’s 10th opponent was finally confirmed.

This time, there were naturally countless spectators, and even Yang Xiaoling, the poisonous spider, had appeared. She sat beside Tang Yuan and Zhao Shuang, causing the two of them to fall silent in fear.

She set her eyes on Ling Han, her gaze burning. She needed Ling Han to win because she would only “do” Blood Martial Kings.