Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2578: The hatred of killing a son

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Ling Han kept studying Niu Er’s horn. After so many days, he naturally gained considerable understanding of it.

The horn was formed from all the concentrated energy of the Herculean Iron Bull Race. From a certain point of view, this was a Celestial medicine. In fact, it was even stronger than Celestial medicines.

Ling Han did not use it in the concoction of alchemical pills, because he was still not very familiar with the Celestial medicines of this world, and could not use it effectively.

Hence, he made some changes, and decided to just do a simple refinement of the two bull horns, extracting the essence that was contained inside.

After returning to Tang Yuan’s courtyard, he began this task, and because he feared that he would be disturbed, he entered into his Spatial Celestial Tool.

Previously, he had asked Wally to lay down formation patterns on this Spatial Celestial Tool so that this Spatial Celestial Tool would be very hard to find, and even if it was found, the formation patterns would activate, and would offer a considerable defense.

No matter what, this was also a Celestial Tool. It was only that it could not be used to attack, but concentrating all its power on defense, it naturally was very impressive.

…However, Ling Han was only a Third Heaven Celestial King, after all. Hence, Luo Fuming only had to search seriously, and he still managed to find this Spatial Celestial Tool very quickly.

Ling Han imposed time acceleration effects on himself. Not even half a day had passed in real time, and he had already refined both bull horns, turning them into a bowl of golden liquid.

At present, he already possessed that indestructible cauldron. Whether it was for alchemy or extracting the essence of ingredients, it was extremely useful.

“A portion for each of us,” Ling Han poured out half a small bowlful of golden liquid for the Empress, and there was still less than half for Bewitching Maiden Rou.

This liquid was very nutritious. Seals of great dao wafted from the bowl, manifesting into various beings of this heaven and earth. However, this thing was something that no one that was not a Celestial King could make us of, so there was none for Liu Yu Tong and the others.

Little Terror also had its own share. The three people and one beast shared it equally among themselves.

“Can this be consumed?” Bewitching Maiden Rou asked, frowning. She had witnessed personally how this liquid was formed from melting bull horns.

Ling Han stretched out a hand. “Give it back to me if you don’t want it.”

“Who said I didn’t want it!” Bewitching Maiden Rou hurriedly picked up the bowl, and rolled her eyes at Ling Han. This guy was really irritating. She was just acting coy, so why was he so insensitive?

The Empress smiled, and drained the golden liquid first.

To readers! our content is stolen.Please copy and search this link " https://tinyurl.com/39hpcn6j " to support us

When Little Terror saw how its mistress had already drunk it, it stuck out its tongue to lap at it.

Ling Han also drained it in a single gulp. Meanwhile, Bewitching Maiden Rou, looking like a little wife that had been bullied, sipped it slowly.

After consumption, the three people and one beast immediately began to digest the medicinal effects.

The power contained in the bull horns was astonishingly frightening.

Niu Er was a Fourth Heaven monarch tier, and Niu Da was a Fifth Heaven Monarch Star. Close to 90% of their energy had been extracted, and even if it was divided into four equal shares, it was still comparable to Celestial medicines.

Initially, Ling Han had wanted to continue improving his physique, but though the bull horns were very nutritious, they could not compare to the United Origin Manifestation Fruit, and could only be used to improve his cultivation level.

Hence, Ling Han had no other choice.

His cultivation level began to spike.

When one had reached the level of Celestial King Tier, they would take millions of years to breach the gap to the successive minor cultivation levels even when consuming the highest tier of Celestial medicines daily. Furthermore, after one had reached Seventh Heaven and Eighth Heaven Celestial King Tier, there were basically only a few types of Great Herbs that could still be effective.

Hence, the spiking of Ling Han’s cultivation level was also corresponding to this. Compared to the advancement of other Celestial Kings, he could be considered to have extreme speed, but if the Third Heaven was divided into 10 steps, this was only enough to help him take one step forwards.

However, Ling Han had been close to the peak stage of the Third Heaven already. After taking this one step, he had truly come in contact with the ceiling of the Third Heaven.

It should be known that his Evolution Index had already reached 12. In fact, it was possible that it had even surpassed it by a slight sliver. His final achievement had to be a First Tier Heavenly Venerate, at the very least, so would there be any bottleneck in his breakthrough to the Fourth Heaven?

Under the time acceleration effects, in just “11 days,” he had already broken through the barrier to the Fourth Heaven.

The heavenly tribulation instantly formed.

Ling Han naturally would not be undergoing the tribulation inside the Spatial Celestial Tool. Otherwise, being barraged by the heavenly tribulation, even Divine Metal could possibly be destroyed. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

Hence, Ling Han stepped out of the Celestial Tool.

‘Huh?

Ling Han immediately discovered that there were two people standing presently in front of him. One was Tang Yuan, and the other was a middle-aged man who had seven streaks of peculiar light wrapped around him.

Ling Han only had to think for a while, and immediately realized that this was Luo Yang’s old man, and he had come to seek him out for revenge.

‘Come on then.’

“Damn brat!” Luo Fuming’s eyes became vicious, and were filled with boundless greed. That was because he saw that Ling Han had flown out from that Divine Metal, and had also stowed that Divine Metal away while he was at it.

He immediately distinguished that this was a Spatial Celestial Tool, and this caused his heart to beat even harder in excitement. To be so exorbitant to actually use Divine Metal to forge a Spatial Celestial Tool, just how wealthy did this guy have to be?

At the beginning, the Celestial King Graveyard had indeed imprisoned Celestial Kings that had powerful backgrounds and could not be killed without much inconvenience, and that was why they had been thrown there so that they could kill each other. However, as time passed, a considerable number of Celestial Kings without much background had also been thrown in here.

Because compared to directly killing them, tossing them into the Celestial King Graveyard was the best form of torture.

…No matter what, this was still a prison. Furthermore, it was filled with bloodshed. It was possible that they would not live to see tomorrow, which placed them under a mountain of pressure.

Luo Fuming was the latter type. He did not have much of a background. On the contrary, he had offended a person who had a powerful background, and that was why he had been thrown into the Celestial King Graveyard.

He was certain that there had to be a Heavenly Venerate standing behind Ling Han. Otherwise, how could the latter have such exorbitance to use Divine Metal just to forge a Spatial Celestial Tool?

“Die!” Luo Fuming moved, wanting to kill Ling Han in a single stroke.

He did not care what kind of background Ling Han had. Everyone’s life was worthless once they were in here.

Ling Han broke into a grin. “Are you sure about that?”

Boom, it was as if the heaven and earth was replying as a bolt of lightning descended down on him.

Luo Fuming forcefully withdrew his offensive. This guy was actually about to undergo a tribulation.

He did not dare interfere. The higher the cultivation level, the more terrifying the heavenly tribulation would be. Because this was close to the limits of the heavenly tribulation, the fiercer the heaven and earth would target you. No one would be able to easily reach these limits.

Why was a Seventh Heaven Celestial King like him unable to advance to the Eighth Heaven?

On the one hand, it was indeed because great dao was hard to grasp, and on the other hand, he feared heavenly tribulation. It was possible that the day he succeeded would also be the day of his death.

F***, why had it been so coincidental that he just happened to encounter the tribulation that Ling Han was facing?

Tang Yuan was also startled. Ling Han was going to undergo a tribulation, then wouldn’t that mean… he was going to become a Fourth Heaven Celestial King?

Hiss, this guy had not gotten the Ascending Dragon Pill yet, but was already so easily surging into the Fourth Heaven?

Tang Yuan was practically dying of jealousy. Who knew how many Ascending Dragon Pills he had ingested, but he was still stuck in the Second Heaven even now. If these Ascending Dragon Pills had been used on another Second Heaven Celestial King, that guy would probably have reached the Fourth Heaven or Fifth Heaven by now.

His aptitude was indeed not very good. In fact, it could be considered very poor. It was all thanks to the fact that he had a very good father, or there would’ve been absolutely no way he could have become a Celestial King.

With this comparison, he was naturally extremely jealous.

Ling Han merely smiled. Would these two people dare to interfere with his heavenly tribulation?

He surged into the skies, meeting the great Celestial King Tier tribulation.

Boom!

An extremely terrifying bolt of lightning struck.

Ling Han endured it, and was immediately sent flying out of the city.

He temporarily had no wish to turn hostile with a Ninth Heaven Celestial King. Thus, he did not undergo the tribulation inside the city. Otherwise, probably even the whole Ghost King City would be destroyed under the effects of this kind of great tribulation.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

Lightning struck endlessly, chasing after him every step of the way. The heaven and earth was targeting him, and no matter where he fled, it would be useless.

Xiu, Luo Fuming also followed closely behind. To say nothing that he bore a hatred against Ling Han for killing his son, even if it was just for that Spatial Celestial Tool that belonged to Ling Han, there was no way he could let Ling Han escape.