Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2580: Forced to Retreat

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Upon appearing, the Divine Demon Sword instantly reawakened. This was a Celestial Tool personally refined by Ling Han, so he could naturally unleash all of its might with a single thought.

The Divine Demon Sword alone naturally couldn’t rival a Seventh Heaven Celestial King. However, the cooperation between Ling Han and the Divine Demon Sword was a completely different matter.

At this moment, the sharpness and destructive ability of the Celestial Tool could be fully unleashed. It was simply devastating.

With sword in hand, Ling Han was like a completely different person.

He launched an aggressive counterattack. Meanwhile, Luo Fuming shrouded himself in Regulations, desiring to face the attacks of the Divine Demon Sword head-on. However, he was only a Seventh Heaven Celestial King and an emperor tier, and the Divine Demon Sword was no ordinary Celestial Tool. This was a sword that had engulfed an exorbitant amount of Divine Metal, which allowed its destructive ability to increase significantly.

With these two factors combined, how could Luo Fuming possibly rival the Divine Demon Sword head-on? He was instantly cut several times, which left him wounded and bleeding. Fortunately, his advantage in cultivation level meant that he wasn’t instantly killed like Niu Da.

Apprehension crept into his mind. He no longer dared to engage in close-quarters combat with Ling Han, and he instead launched a barrage of attacks from a distance. However, this naturally resulted in his attacks becoming weaker. With such power, could he possibly kill Ling Han? This would be a very difficult task.

This was the importance of Celestial Tools. They could directly affect the outcome of a battle.

However, even though Ling Han had summoned the Divine Demon Sword, he wasn’t counting on it to achieve victory.

After all, Luo Fuming’s advantage in cultivation level was far too great. This gifted him a significant advantage. Unless Ling Han could trick and kill him with a single slash as he had done with Niu Da, it would be near impossible to kill him.

Was his opponent a fool who would battle to the death?

Ling Han held a Dimension Scroll in his left hand, and started to extract its energy.

Heaven and earth remained tranquil, with no sign of dark clouds or rolling thunder.

Ling Han silently nodded in his mind. As expected of a transcendent dimension. Its tolerance was extremely powerful, and it didn’t target him at all. If this were the Celestial Realm, he wouldn’t dare to refine the Dimension Scroll in such a flagrant manner. Just extracting a tad too much energy from the Dimension Scroll would attract a Heavenly Venerate Tribulation.

He greedily absorbed the power of the Dimension Scroll. This power coursed through his body, bringing joy to his each and every cell.

At the same time, his power also started to rise at an astonishing rate.

Ling Han calmly breathed. White mist was exhaled from his nose, transforming into a white dragon that danced back and forth.

His heartbeat also grew stronger and louder, and it was as if there were a deep and powerful rumble of thunder. This was his physique becoming more powerful.

Luo Fuming was stunned. He could sense Ling Han’s astonishing vitality. His flame of life was as brilliant as the sun. Was this truly a Celestial King? Could Celestial Kings reach such a terrifying level?

Just what in the world was this brat holding? It was only after retrieving this matter that his flame of life became so brilliant and his heartbeat became so thunderous. In fact, this even affected Luo Fuming, causing the rhythm of his heartbeat to also sync with Ling Han’s.

“Hand that over!” Luo Fuming roared. He unleashed a movement technique, aiming to evade the Divine Demon Sword’s deadly attacks and snatch the Dimension Scroll.

However, would Ling Han let him succeed? With a turn of his body, he easily dodged Luo Fuming’s strike. He then launched a powerful counterattack, unleashing wave after wave of blinding Sword Qi with his Divine Demon Sword.

He needed time. The further one progressed in the Celestial King Tier, the greater the gulf between each Heaven. Thus, if he wanted to elevate his Body Art to the Fourth Heaven, he would need to extract from the Dimension Scroll an amount of energy equivalent to the total of what he had extracted for the First to Third Heaven.

He needed at least 10 days.

However, Ling Han was in no rush. In his battle with Luo Fuming, he had been able to survive even without his Divine Demon Sword. Thus, he had nothing to worry about now that he had the Divine Demon Sword in hand. Moreover, the longer the time that passed, the more powerful he would become. The battle was slowly shifting in his favor.

Luo Fuming was still battling hard, holding onto the hope that he could eventually suppress and kill Ling Han.

One day, two days, three days, four days… Time flew by. Ling Han’s strength also continued to grow.

His Body Art had already caught up to and even surpassed his power of Regulations. Unlike the power of Regulations, which increased in a linear manner, his Body Art could rise exponentially as long as he unlocked his cultivation limit.

Combining his Body Art with the power of Regulations, and adding to that his Divine Demon Sword, he now possessed the power to genuinely rival Luo Fuming. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

Of course, it was also due to Luo Fuming’s condition. Firstly, Luo Fuming didn’t possess a Celestial Tool. Secondly, Luo Fuming’s talent was also far too inferior. In fact, it would’ve been impossible for him to reach the Seventh Heaven in the outside world. At most, he could’ve only reached the First Heaven or Second Heaven.

“Aaah!” Luo Fuming bellowed in rage as he furiously turned around.

Whoosh!

He transformed into a puff of smoke as he instantly dashed into the distance.

He lost confidence in his ability to win the battle. His opponent was growing stronger by the minute, and he was even showing signs of surpassing him!

Ling Han didn’t give chase. His opponent was intent on leaving, and his cultivation level was also far superior to his. Thus, how could Ling Han obstruct him?

In any case, it was only a matter of time before he would stir great trouble in Ghost King City. At that time, he would settle all of these matters.

Gazing at the sword-wielding Ling Han, a cold chill shot down Tang Yuan’s spine.

This youth was far too terrifying. He had only just advanced to the Fourth Heaven, yet he could already rival a Seventh Heaven Celestial King. In fact, he had even forced his opponent to retreat. Following this logic, when Ling Han reached the Sixth Heaven, wouldn’t he be able to rival paramount Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings?

Tang Yuan’s greatest basis for confidence was his father. However, if Ling Han could rival his father, would he still have any confidence when facing Ling Han?

Even though this day was still very far away, Tang Yuan had a feeling that it would inevitably arrive.

Even he felt this, so it was only natural that the others did as well. Their eyes were all filled with apprehension and terror as they gazed at Ling Han.

They could only act in such a wanton manner because of their fathers. However, what stood before them now was a person who could one day rival their fathers. How could this not terrify them?

There were no rules in the Celestial King Graveyard; there was only slaughter and death. Before Ling Han, they felt not even an iota of safety.

Ling Han sheathed his sword. He turned to Tang Yuan, and said, “Ascending Dragon Pill.”

Tang Yuan shuddered upon hearing this. However, upon seeing displeasure appear on Ling Han’s face, he hurriedly retrieved a vial and respectfully offered it to Ling Han.

Right now, he was truly afraid of Ling Han. This was because Ling Han could genuinely threaten his life. In fact, Ling Han could even leave with leisure after killing him.

Tang Yuan loved to abuse his power, and he loved to act with haughtiness and ruthlessness. However, compared to his life, he was willing to abandon all of these things.

Ling Han accepted the vial, patting Tang Yuan’s shoulder lightly, and saying, “If you need me for a battle, then come and call me. I promised that I would battle for you, and I’m a man of my word.”

Tang Yuan surprisingly felt overwhelmed by flattery as he hurriedly nodded his head.

Ling Han walked off with a swagger. He needed to cultivate in seclusion, not only to stabilize his cultivation, but also to digest his experiences from the battle with Luo Fuming.

Even though he accelerated time, this period of seclusion still lasted for three months.

During this time, the Empress and Bewitching Maiden Rou both advanced. However, because Ling Han still hadn’t returned yet, their breakthroughs naturally didn’t attract much attention.

Ling Han appraised his own power. If he unleashed his full battle prowess, he could now rival Seventh Heaven Celestial Kings. Of course, this was referring to Seventh Heaven Celestial Kings like Luo Fuming, who had relied on Ascending Dragon Pills to reach this level. If his opponent were a genuine monarch tier or monarch star, however, Ling Han would still be able to defend himself.

He returned to Tang Yuan’s residence. However, he had just barely settled down when Tang Yuan came over to visit.

“You’ve finally returned! Can I challenge Lu Li now?” Tang Yuan asked in eagerness. Seeking revenge on Lu Li had always been his obsession. It was also because of this that he had been impatiently awaiting Ling Han’s return.

Thus, even if he wanted to target Ling Han, that would have to wait until after he exacted revenge on Lu Li.

Ling Han naturally didn’t mind this. After all, his goal for coming here was to battle and temper himself. He nodded, and replied, “Sure.”

“Then I’ll organize it straight away,” Tang Yuan said. He didn’t dare to linger around for too long. He was terrified of Ling Han from the bottom of his heart.

Ling Han waved his hand in dismissal. He had been digesting his experiences from the battle these past few days, and right now, he finally had time to take out the Ascending Dragon Pill. He planned to examine it carefully.

This was a pill that could allow emperor tiers and even king tiers to advance to the Celestial King Tier. Moreover, their progress wouldn’t stop at the First Heaven. This intrigued him immensely.