Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2590: Luring the Enemy Away

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“Tell me about your uncle,” Ling Han said.

He was extremely curious about Lu Gaojian’s background and the supremely mighty figure that he had spoken of. This was someone who could causally bestow a Heavenly Venerable Tier cultivation technique upon someone. Just who was he? His boldness was simply astonishing.

Lu Li didn’t dare to conceal anything at all as he comprehensively revealed everything to Ling Han.

In the past, the two brothers, Lu Gaoquan and Lu Gaojian, had offended a powerful force. After being captured, they weren’t executed, but instead tossed into the Celestial King Graveyard.

After arriving here, the two brothers worked together for many years. However, because of a woman, they ultimately went their separate ways.

!!

This woman was none other than Lu Li’s mother.

Ling Han was able to guess even more things. Perhaps Lu Gaoquan had discovered that Lu Gaojian was having an illicit relationship with his wife, so the two brothers had turned against each other.

Whether or not this was true wasn’t important. In any case, Lu Gaoquan was truly a fortunate person. After so many years, he surprisingly hadn’t been killed, and he had instead become a Ninth Heaven Celestial King. Meanwhile, Lu Gaojian was even more impressive.

Not only had he become a Ninth Heaven Celestial King, but he had even become acquainted with a mighty figure and come to Ghost King City as his representative. He was treated as an esteemed guest, and all of the other Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings were trying to suck up to him. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

This was because he was in possession of the Nine Transformations Divine Scroll. Only through him could these Celestial Kings obtain part of the Nine Transformations Divine Scroll.

This was a prison that everyone wanted to escape. However, unless they became a Heavenly Venerate, they wouldn’t have the power to break out by themselves.

Ling Han asked about the supremely mighty figure, yet Lu Li didn’t know a single thing about this person. This was because Lu Gaojian had kept his lips sealed regarding this person.

“How useless can you be? Is there any point in leaving you alive?” Ling Han said.

“Don’t kill me! I’ll give you anything you want!” Lu Li begged.

“No need for so much trouble,” Ling Han said as he threw a punch.

Peng!

Lu Li’s head instantly exploded into smithereens.

Ling Han immediately turned around to leave. Once news of Lu Li’s death spread, commotion would definitely engulf the city once again.

After finding a hidden location, Ling Han reverted to his true appearance and entered his Spatial Celestial Tool. He then started to investigate the Nine Transformations Divine Scroll with the Empress and Bewitching Maiden Rou. The cultivation levels of Liu Yu Tong and the others were far too low, so they naturally couldn’t comprehend the cultivation techniques of Heavenly Venerates.

Indeed, Ling Han had only been able to practice the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll thanks to the help of Black Tower. Otherwise, it would have simply been impossible.

After pressing the jade seal to his forehead, countless symbols immediately started to churn in his mind. However, these symbols were mystical and complicated, and Ling Han was unable to comprehend the secrets hidden within them.

This was a Heavenly Venerable Tier cultivation technique, after all, so how could it be learned so easily?

However, Ling Han had practiced the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll before, so he immediately came to a realization. Even though this cultivation technique was hard to grasp, trying to comprehend it wouldn’t be insurmountably difficult.

The Nine Transformations Heavenly Venerate hadn’t split this cultivation technique into nine scrolls in order to purposefully make things difficult for others. Instead, this was a decision filled with wisdom.

It was only by splitting the cultivation technique into nine scrolls that it could be grasped by Celestial Kings. Otherwise, even monarch tier Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings would only be able to comprehend a tiny amount of its essence after countless years of cultivation.

After grasping one scroll, one could use this as a foundation to practice the next scroll. In such a way, one could gradually grasp more and more of the Nine Transformations Divine Scroll. Of course, it was no easy task to link and fuse two different scrolls of the Nine Transformations Divine Scroll together.

“This is a Heavenly Venerable Tier cultivation technique, so it’s indeed worth learning.”

The three of them started to earnestly investigate the cultivation technique. Time quickly flowed by, and it was as if they had completely forgotten about the outside world.

This cultivation technique was indeed worthy of their time and effort.

While they cultivated in peace and quiet, Ghost King City was experiencing tumult and unrest.

Lu Li had been killed!

If this had been before, Lu Li’s death would have still caused some commotion, but he was still nothing more than a second-generation young master, after all. At most, it would have only enraged Lu Gaoquan and made him want to kill someone as he scoured the city for the culprit.

This time, however, things were very different. This was naturally because of Lu Li’s uncle—or perhaps his father.

After learning of Lu Li’s death, Lu Gaojian was even more enraged and frenzied than Lu Gaoquan. Moreover, as a representative of that supremely mighty figure, he also had a humongous influence over Ghost King City. Thus, the entire city instantly fell into commotion and unrest. People were hunting for the culprit everywhere.

The biggest suspect was naturally Zhan Feiyu.

He had seemingly left Ghost King City, but he had, in fact, snuck back at night and carried out another assassination!

This old f*cking bastard! He truly deserved death!

They naturally wouldn’t be able to find Zhan Feiyu in the city. Thus, Lu Gaojian made a request to the Azure Ghost Celestial King, asking him to deploy troops to attack Prosperous Opening City to exact revenge for Lu Li.

However, the Azure Ghost Celestial King was neither stupid nor reckless.

He could accept cooperation with the supremely mighty figure that Lu Gaojian represented for the sake of obtaining the Nine Transformations Divine Scroll. In fact, he would even be willing to serve this person. However, he definitely wouldn’t be so reckless as to engage in conflict with Prosperous Opening City simply for the sake of Lu Gaojian.

Of course, this was unless… Lu Gaojian could provide him with an army that was no weaker than that of Ghost King City. With the two forces combined, attacking Prosperous Opening City wouldn’t result in too many losses.

The two parties couldn’t come to a consensus, so any discussions about attacking Prosperous Opening City naturally became moot.

***

Three years later, Ling Han was the first to exit his state of cultivation. He now had a preliminary grasp of the Nine Transformations Divine Scroll.

The Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll focused on defense, tempering one’s physique, and increasing one’s recovery ability. Meanwhile, the Nine Transformations Divine Scroll focused on offense, with each scroll requiring one to cultivate a different Great Dao. By fusing all nine Great Dao together, one would be able to transcend the Regulations and comprehend a peerless power.

This scroll of the Nine Transformations Divine Scroll focused on the Great Dao of Metal.

Metal, a representation of intensity and killing intent.

Ling Han raised his hands. His left hand was encircled by the simple Regulations of Metal, while his right hand was encircled by the Great Dao of Metal summoned through the Nine Transformations Divine Scroll. He threw a punch with both hands, striking two different boulders.

The boulders in the Celestial King Graveyard were all extremely tough and sturdy. Even though both boulders cracked open after being punched, one only split into seven pieces, while the other was smashed into smithereens.

The one smashed into smithereens had been struck by his right hand.

Ling Han could guarantee that he had used the same amount of power in both fists. However, the results were as different as could be. This was evidence of the Nine Transformations Divine Scroll’s immense power.

“After fusing all nine scrolls together, the resulting might will be unfathomable!” Ling Han said with emotion.

This was the cultivation technique of a Heavenly Venerate, after all. Which Heavenly Venerate wasn’t a supreme prodigy?

“How I wish to obtain the other scrolls…” Ling Han murmured to himself.

Through Lu Gaojian, the supremely mighty figure was using this Nine Transformations Divine Scroll to recruit the Azure Ghost Celestial King and the others. Even though the ability to become a Heavenly Venerate was definitely a lie, the value of this cultivation technique was still astounding.

“This place seemingly harbors many secrets.

“If the Ascending Dragon Pill can be mass-produced in the outside world, it can definitely transform the power of the entire dimension.

“And this Nine Transformations Divine Scroll… Why does a Heavenly Venerable Tier cultivation technique exist in this place?

“And what is that mighty figure scheming?”

Ling Han mulled over this for a moment, but he naturally couldn’t make head nor tail of the situation.

He exited the Spatial Celestial Tool, and started to hunt down the second-generation young masters in the city. Who could stop him? Ghost King City instantly descended into commotion and unrest again. Many high-level Celestial Kings were infuriated, taking this as a sign of severe provocation from Prosperous Opening City. They had no option but to counterattack.

This time, even the Azure Ghost Celestial King couldn’t suppress the combined rage of the Celestial Kings anymore. He decided to deploy a large army to attack Prosperous Opening City.

The large army was quickly gathered together and deployed, with the Azure Ghost Celestial King personally going with them as well. Add to that Yang Que, Lu Gaojian, and many other Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings, and it could be said that this was a vast and mighty army.

Ling Han stood atop the city walls as he gazed at the large army disappearing into the horizon. A faint smile involuntarily tugged at the corners of his lips.

He had successfully lured his enemies away. Now, he could visit the Azure Ghost Celestial King’s residence and comb through it, figuring out the secrets behind the Ascending Dragon Pill.