Chapter 2591: Brahman Celestial Flower

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Ling Han had always been very curious about the Ascending Dragon Pill. Just how was this pill refined? It could actually help those with mediocre talent reach the Celestial King Tier! In fact, it could even help them progress through the Celestial King Tier!

This was extremely abnormal.

Transcendent dimensions were indeed impressive and powerful. However, this was over the top.

In any case, a city lord… should be very wealthy, right?

Ling Han stealthily made his way to the city lord’s residence.

He was extremely careful as he snuck around, and using his Heaven Deceiving Technique and his own skills, it was as if he were entering a realm with no other person.

The Azure Ghost Celestial King wasn’t present, so it was extremely likely that no one would discover Ling Han even if he didn’t use the Heaven Deceiving Technique.

The Yin River Celestial King didn’t reside here, either, and he instead lived in a different place. Even though there were still a few Sixth Heaven Celestial Kings patrolling the residence, this naturally wasn’t enough to put Ling Han in any danger. He simply needed to remain cautious.

In fact, it was his lack of familiarity with this place that was the biggest challenge. He had no choice but to run around in circles and search for the treasures of the Azure Ghost Celestial King room by room.

Thus, it took him until midnight to finally find what he wanted.

This was a study. However, there existed a small formation that isolated an area of space.

If it had been any other ordinary Fourth Heaven Celestial King, they definitely wouldn’t have discovered this area. In fact, even Seventh Heaven Celestial Kings might have failed to discover it. However, Ling Han was well-versed in the Regulations of Space, so even the smallest bit of imperfection could catch his attention. Thus, he had immediately locked his gaze on the small formation.

However, discovering this formation was one matter, and being able to open it was another matter.

This was a formation laid out by a Ninth Heaven Celestial King, after all, with the complicated formation symbols extremely difficult to understand and resolve.

Ling Han wasn’t pressed for time, however, as the battle between the two cities would naturally take longer than a day or two. Moreover, others generally wouldn’t enter this place, so he could naturally take his time as he investigated this formation.

Sure enough, Ling Han took his time with the formation. One day, two days, three days… Time continued to flow by. Along with it, Ling Han’s understanding of the formation also started to grow. All kinds of comprehension started to pop up in his mind. In fact, these comprehensions were extremely helpful to his cultivation as well.

Half a year later, delight finally appeared on Ling Han’s face.

He had resolved the formation.

This had truly been grueling work!

Ling Han wiped his forehead. Even though there was no sweat, he felt like he had just been engaged in an intense battle.

For the past six months, he had been engrossed in his investigation of the formation. In fact, he had even accelerated time such that the six months had already become over 500 years for him.

Spending 500 years to resolve a formation laid out by a Ninth Heaven Celestial King wasn’t slow at all. In any case, this was all thanks to the absence of the Azure Ghost Celestial King. Otherwise, how could Ling Han have stayed here for six months? Were Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings mere decorations?

After unlocking the formation, what appeared before Ling Han was a small space that contained many Ascending Dragon Pills. Ling Han naturally took all of these. There was no need to be polite.

Apart from these, he also discovered a pill recipe.

This was the pill recipe for the Ascending Dragon Pill.

Ling Han glanced over it, and a look of deep astonishment spread across his face.

This was because the ingredients for the Ascending Dragon Pill were as simple as could be. In fact, the only ingredient was the fruits of Brahman Celestial Flowers!

A single ingredient!

Perhaps only the lowliest alchemical pills would require a single ingredient, yet the Ascending Dragon Pill was clearly a valuable Celestial King Tier pill.

This was inconceivable! Unfathomable!

Not only that, but the method to concoct the Ascending Dragon Pill was also extremely simple. To say nothing of Five-Star Grandmasters, even amateur apprentices would be able to concoct it with ease.

This was far too abnormal. It was as if the fruits of Brahman Celestial Flowers were already semi-finished products. No, not semi-finished, but close to 99 percent finished. The so-called refinement process was nothing more than performing some packaging.

“What in the world is this Brahman Celestial Flower?

“Hmm? I feel like I’ve heard Tang Yuan mention it before.”

Ling Han racked his brain for an answer. Back then, Tang Yuan had told him about winning a gamble with Zhao Shuang, from which he had obtained a few Brahman Celestial Flowers. Ling Han hadn’t paid much heed at the time. However, with his memory, he would never forget what he had heard. Thus, with some thought, he was able to recall this conversation.

“It seems like many Celestial Kings are cultivating this type of Celestial medicine.”

Ling Han left the residence of the city lord. Right now, he wanted to find the herbal garden of the Azure Ghost Celestial King. He wanted to see this Brahman Celestial Flower for himself.

The location of the garden wasn’t a secret, and he was able to quickly obtain it after asking around a little. However, when Ling Han arrived, he discovered that it was actually being guarded by an Eighth Heaven Celestial King.

He could rival ordinary Seventh Heaven Celestial Kings, and he would need to summon his Divine Demon Sword and unleash his full strength if he came across monarch tier Seventh Heaven Celestial Kings. If his opponent were slightly more powerful, however, he would be unable to rival them.

After all, the gulf in cultivation level wasn’t so easy to overcome.

‘If I obtain all nine scrolls of the Nine Transformations Divine Scroll and comprehend all of them, I can most likely rival Celestial Kings such as the Yin River Celestial King even without using my Divine Demon Sword. However, I’m unable to do that now. I’m more so no match for Eighth Heaven Celestial Kings.’

Ling Han didn’t have blind confidence in his own abilities. Only when recognizing one’s own strengths and weaknesses could one be regarded as an elite. Otherwise, they wouldn’t be far from death.

With an Eighth Heaven Celestial King standing guard, Ling Han naturally couldn’t have his way with the herbal garden.

However, it wasn’t only the Azure Ghost Celestial King who owned a herbal garden in the city, and it wasn’t only the Azure Ghost Celestial King who raised Brahman Celestial Flowers. Thus, Ling Han could look for other targets.

Whom should he target?

Ling Han’s eyes lit up.

He had killed several second-generation young masters recently, and this was the fundamental reason behind Ghost King City waging war on Prosperous Opening City. However, as the death toll piled up, the Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings naturally increased their defenses as well. Afterward, it became increasingly difficult to carry out his assassinations.

Thus, some of the second-generation young masters were still alive. For example, Zhao Shuang and Yang Xiaoling.

Ling Han decided to pay Zhao Shuang a visit. Since he could offer Brahman Celestial Flowers for a gamble, he most likely had some understanding of them.

Ling Han visited Zhao Shuang’s residence first. However, after the numerous “assassination” cases, Zhao Shuang had already moved to his father’s residence. Compared to freedom, staying alive was far more important.

Zhao Shuang’s father was called Zhao Yuanyi, and he had naturally followed the Azure Ghost Celestial King to war. He obviously couldn’t stay to look after his son just because the latter hadn’t been killed yet. Moreover, since Zhao Yuanyi had already joined the battle, he would naturally have to give his full commitment. Otherwise, they would be defeated by Prosperous Opening City one by one.

As such, Ling Han charged into Zhao Yuanyi’s residence. Of course, he was still extremely careful and cautious, keeping an eye out for any potential traps. After all, who knew if a Ninth Heaven Celestial King would suddenly pop out?

He continued to sneak forward, not releasing his divine sense to scan the surroundings. Even so, it was still fairly easy to find Zhao Shuang.

The latter was currently in a large hall enjoying a feast with his friends. There were beautiful women performing for them, with their clothes extremely revealing and their movements extremely exaggerated and seductive.

Some of the second-generation young masters were extremely profligate, with their arms around the beautiful maidservants and their hands feeling them up and down. However, Zhao Shuang appeared fairly disinterested, and it was as if something was weighing heavily on his mind.

One of his underlings raised his glass, and said, “Brother Zhao, why are you in such low spirits? Come, let’s have a drink!”

Zhao Shuang nodded in acknowledgment, raising his glass and clinking it with that of his underling. He then put the glass to his lips in a perfunctory manner. Follow the latest novels 𝒐𝒏 n𝒐/velbin(.)com

Another underling walked over, and said, “Brother Zhao, are you worried about that Li Long person?”

“All of the lords have personally gone to fight against Prosperous Opening City, so how would they dare to carry out such assassinations again? There’s no need to worry, Brother Zhao.”

“That’s right! The lords will definitely force Prosperous Opening City to hand over the culprit. After dragging him back, they’ll cut him into pieces!”

“Moreover, this is also beneficial to you, Brother Zhao.”

Everyone found this strange. Li Long had instilled fear and apprehension in everyone’s heart, so why was this person claiming that this was beneficial?

The person who had spoken and astonished everyone smiled calmly, and said, “Those who enjoy equal status with Brother Zhao have mostly been killed off already. That being the case, won’t Brother Zhao be the sole leader of Ghost King City in the future?”