Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2594: Studying the real body

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In the outside world, there had to be forces stretching out their hands, enabling them to obtain the Ascending Dragon Pill.

Perhaps there was not just one such force like this. Furthermore, because of the effects of the Ascending Dragon Pill, the forces that were involved in this profitable business had to be extremely powerful, and might even have Heavenly Venerable Tier background. Otherwise, how could they bring out the Ascending Dragon Pill?

Putting himself in the shoes of another, if Ling Han was a Heavenly Venerate himself, what would he do to obtain the Ascending Dragon Pill?

Send a Ninth Heaven Celestial King here. Moreover, it had to be one that was extremely strong in terms of battle prowess, the kind that could conquer a city. In that case, they could then obtain a great number of Celestial King Tier bodies, allowing them to cultivate the Brahman Celestial Flowers on a large scale.

At a certain time, he would then move, unlocking the Celestial King Graveyard, and retrieve the Ascending Dragon Pill.

!!

This was not jailbreak, so it was not difficult for them to achieve this. Otherwise, they could use the excuse that the Celestial King that they had sent was training here, and retrieve both their subordinate and the alchemical pill itself. For example, the black donkey would retrieve Ling Han after 100,000,000 years, so how could it be that other Heavenly Venerates could not do something similar?

Ling Han frowned deeply. This should be a massive black market chain of profits. If he touched it, he could possibly be targeted by a Heavenly Venerable.

Perhaps it was not just one Heavenly Venerate, either, but a few, or even more than that.

“I do indeed have a halo of calamity on me!” he mused ruefully. He had entered this place only for the sake of battle so he could rapidly increase his own cultivation level. He had not expected that he would come into contact with such a great matter.

Naturally, he could just stand by and watch. In any case, the majority of Celestial Kings that had been tossed here were all deserving of their punishment.

‘I don’t know what’s the matter, but I keep having a feeling something is off.’

Ling Han pondered deeply. Even if he had discovered the secret of the Ascending Dragon Pill, this was equivalent to having a considerable number of Celestial Kings being sacrificed for the sake of a single Celestial King. However, as an alchemist, he still could not accept this kind of alchemical pill completely.

Alchemical pills were never as simple as that. If it was expanded in this manner, then wouldn’t it mean that the refinement of over a dozen Celestial King Tier Great Herbs produce the same effects as the Ascending Dragon Pill?

No way!

So how could the Ascending Dragon Pill do this?

Ling Han could not explain it, but with the instincts of an Alchemy Emperor, he felt that the Brahman Celestial Flowers were not as simple as something nurtured with the flesh and blood of Celestial Kings.

He plucked two Brahman Celestial Flowers, which he stowed into the Spatial Celestial Tool. He could slowly study them in the future. Then, Zhao Shuang led him away.

How could Zhao Shuang dare to say anything else? He immediately left with his Spatial Celestial Tool, and did not even bring any Brahman Celestial Flowers with him. That was because he knew that if he did take any with him, he would still have to surrender them to Ling Han.

When he left, that Eighth Heaven Celestial King came out to take a look. When he discovered that only two Brahman Celestial Flowers had been taken, he allowed Zhao Shuang to leave easily. Otherwise, he would definitely make Zhao Shuang hand over the Brahman Celestial Flowers.

After leaving the

At present, Ling Han had already found out all that he should know. Hence, should he still continue staying in Ghost King City? Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

After thinking for a while, Ling Han decided to stay.

It was precisely because there were a great many Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings that all wanted to capture him that this would give him enough pressure so that he could maintain this rapid increase of his cultivation level.

‘Then, let’s have a fair fight!’

Ling Han’s fighting spirit blazed hotly. The greater the pressure, the higher his fighting spirit would soar. Furthermore, his character was also very stubborn. ‘You people want to capture me and kill me, but I will choose to stay here and bring trouble to you.’

Moreover, he also wanted to find out the origins of that mysterious powerful figure from Lu Gaojian. Who exactly was he?

Previously, he did not understand, but now, because of the Ascending Dragon Pill, it was possible that this involved the contest among several powerful forces, which were all fighting over the market for Brahman Celestial Flowers.

That was because the more power their subordinates grasped, the more Brahman Celestial Flowers they could cultivate. Correspondingly, the more Ascending Dragon Pills there would be as well. If this thing was brought outside, it would be something that could change the power structure of a world.

Zhao Shuang’s disappearance naturally caused a great commotion inside the city. This meant that the mysterious murderer had not practiced any restraint because of the invasion of the Azure Ghost Celestial King and the others against Prosperous Opening City. He had once more stretched out his hand to do evil.

Yet thinking from another aspect, was it Prosperous Opening City that could no longer hold up to the pressure, and had to use this kind of method to force the invading troops into retreat?

The people of Ghost King City did not know, because the distance between the two cities was too large.

Another year passed, and the invading troops finally returned.

A great many Celestial Kings were injured, and there were also a considerable number that would never be able to return. However, the Azure Ghost Celestial King gave an announcement that caused great excitement, and that was that they had won. They had forced Prosperous Opening City to pay an extremely exorbitant price in exchange for stopping the assault of their troops.

However, once they returned to the city lord’s residence, the expressions of all the Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings darkened.

Though they were victorious, their losses were also tremendous. More importantly, they had made a great mistake.

That was because that Li Long was not from Prosperous Opening City at all.

Zhan Feiyu had even placed a dao oath, and claimed that he did not know Li Long at all, and had completely no links to Lu Li’s death at all.

A dao oath could still be trusted. Thus, the Azure Ghost Celestial King and the others were certain that Zhan Feiyu should have just happened to bear the blame for Ling Han. However, whether it was Zhan Feiyu or Prosperous Opening City, neither of them could remove themselves from the matter entirely, because they had indeed been scheming against Ghost King City.

The two sides did not continue fighting, because though the side of Ghost King City had the upper hand, it was not a crushing advantage. If they did not withdraw their troops, then even if Ghost King City’s side could win, it would be a Pyrrhic victory, and their strength would drop to rock bottom.

By then, other forces could take the chance to attack them, and that would be equivalent to them having paved the way for others.

“That Li Long, who exactly is he?” the Azure Ghost Celestial King asked gravely.

“Master, according to my investigations, this person should have just recently entered into the Celestial King Graveyard…” The Yin River Celestial King immediately stepped out, and related his information about Ling Han.

Actually, it was nothing secret. Ling Han had overcome various opponents in the tournament grounds, and was extremely bold and invincible. This was something that was known to everyone.

“It is definitely abnormal for a mere Fourth Heaven Celestial King to possess such battle prowess,” Tang Mingbo declared gravely. By now, he had completely calmed down. Fury had no use to him when trying to avenge the death of his son.

“True.” The Azure Ghost Celestial King nodded in agreement. “To say nothing of supreme monarch stars, even if their Evolution Index had reached 12, there is no possible way he could match a Seventh Heaven Celestial King when he himself is only in the Fourth Heaven.”

“He should be holding a colossal secret,” Lu Gaoquan said, and glanced at Lu Gaojian.

“Could it be… that he, too, holds the secret of Heavenly Venerable Tier!” all the Celestial Kings exclaimed in shock.

This was the only way to explain it. Because they were all Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings, they definitely could not think of any other means that could allow a Fourth Heaven Celestial King to ignore the overwhelming suppression of cultivation level, and be powerful to such a vicious, sinister extent.

Since a Heavenly Venerable Tier secret technique could appear here, why couldn’t there be another?

Lu Gaojian could not confirm it, either. He only knew that the Ninth Heaven Celestial King was extremely strong, and when all nine scrolls were united, the battle prowess was boundlessly frightening. However, he did not know whether it could give a Fourth Heaven Celestial King the strength to fight a Seventh Heaven Celestial King.

“All in all, we have to find this Li Long,” the Azure Ghost Celestial King declared grimly. “Previously, he has committed another crime. If we do not get rid of this boy, what will be left of our dignity?”

“Yes!” The other Celestial Kings all nodded. With Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings standing guard, Ling Han still managed to do as he liked, killing as he liked; then all of them would really be disgraced.

“Additionally, we have to investigate this Li Long further. I suspect that this identity of his may be false,” the Azure Ghost Celestial King continued.