Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2601: Opening the casket

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

“There are restrictions!” Zhao Shuang exclaimed.

These naturally were pointless words. How could it be that it was a ghost that had attacked the man?

The others could only muse inwardly due to their reservations regarding Zhao Shuang’s identity, but the Yin River Celestial King and Yang Xiaoling both tossed a disdainful glance at Zhao Shuang. ‘You really are too f****** cowardly. How humiliating.’

Zhao Shuang was completely unconcerned. After falling into submission to Ling Han, he no longer wanted any pride. It was enough for him to keep living.

“The restrictions are quite powerful too.” The Yin River Celestial King walked forwards. “Let me try.”

!!

He, too, stretched out a hand to touch it. Weng, the casket lit up with magnificent brilliance once more, and it manifested into a seal that blasted towards the Yin River Celestial King.

Peng!

He took this blow head-on, and couldn’t help but take a number of steps back, his expression appearing slightly ugly.

Everyone now had a definite understanding of how powerful the restrictions were. The Yin River Celestial King could take the restrictions head-on, but it was also extremely straining for him.

“We cannot apply brute force,” the Yin River Celestial King said.

Everyone nodded in agreement. There were no prospects for applying brute force at all.

But this also convinced them that there were definitely treasures concealed within this casket.

Everyone gathered around, studying it closely.

Restrictions were a branch off from formations, and to put it simply, formations were a manifestation of Regulations. Thus, to Celestial Kings, there were no formations that could not be broken through in this world. The only difference was how much time it would take. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

They were very rushed. Though they were the first to find this place, it did not mean that others would not come here.

But in truth, a very long period of time had already passed, yet still no other people appeared, which seemed quite strange.

Ling Han was also studying the restriction. Though he was only in the Fourth Heaven, his mastery of Regulations was not inferior to that of the Yin River Celestial King at all. Otherwise, Ling Han’s battle prowess could not possibly have been so strong, either. Additionally, he had also learned something else from Wally: to look at a problem from a different angle, and his rate of solving the problem would be faster with the combination of two angles.

Otherwise, he would not have just used “half a year’s time” previously to break through the restrictions laid down by the Azure Ghost Celestial King.

Ling Han exerted time acceleration effects on himself. This was an ability that 99% of Celestial Kings could not possibly be equipped with. It was equivalent to him being 1,000 times faster than everyone else.

Hence, only a day later, Ling Han had come to a conclusion.

He moved, and pressed down a hand on the casket.

“Scram!” The Yin River Celestial King moved. He was filled with displeasure. He was presently trying to break through the formations, yet Ling Han actually dared to disturb him. This really was outrageously bold! He thought too highly of himself!

Ling Han clenched a fist and parried the blow. Peng

, the power of the two clashed together, and instantly activated the restrictions of the casket. A ray of light shot out, splitting into two streaks which blasted towards Ling Han and the Yin River Celestial King, respectively.

Peng, peng. Both Ling Han and the Yin River Celestial King were sent flying backwards by the restrictions.

“Yi!” Everyone was greatly shocked. It was not surprising to be sent flying by the restrictions; what was surprising was how Ling Han had not been at a disadvantage when he had exchanged blows with the Yin River Celestial King previously.

This was too inconceivable.

What kind of monster was he?

‘He Yi could suppress the Yin River Celestial King, but he was at least a Sixth Heaven Celestial King. You, a Fourth Heaven Celestial King? Even if you have reached the peak stage, this is still extremely ridiculous, and cannot be believed.’

This person… Could it be that he was even more freakish than He Yi?

A’Yuan looked at Ling Han, a sliver of change taking place in his expression. His gaze also flickered, revealing fighting spirit.

The Yin River Celestial King’s expression wavered. He stared at Ling Han, his heart filled with shock and extreme disbelief. Just what kind of monster was this?

Yet Ling Han did not continue to make a move. He walked forwards, and began to break through the restrictions.

These restrictions were not too complicated. Thus, he only took a short while to break through them. Then, the lid of the casket was lifted by his hand.

At this moment, everyone could not be concerned about anything else. They all gathered around, stretching out their heads to look.

There was a corpse that lay within the casket. It had long since turned to bone, and it was dressed in a suit of armor. However, obvious wounds could still be seen. A number of holes had been torn in the armor, and the bones that corresponded to these holes had also shattered. He should not have died by the Immortal’s Tribulation, but should have rather been killed by an external force.

His palms lay crossed upon his chest, and a sword lay beside him. This was a very long sword, and had no sheath. Though his corpse was already corroded, this sword was still glinting brightly. Though it was already broken into halves, it was exuding an incomparable chill.

Aside from this, there was nothing else in the casket.

Everyone was incredibly disappointed. Where were the treasures they were anticipating?

Though this sword looked to be very sharp, it was definitely no Celestial Tool. Furthermore, it was broken, which made it even more meaningless.

After exerting such great effort, all of that was for the sake of a look at this dead body?

Who would be so idle to lay down such restrictions on the casket? Wouldn’t they just be playing around?

“Let’s go!” The Yin River Celestial King humphed. He finally knew that his good luck was really not that good, and the reason why no one had come all this while was probably because there were no small number of such caskets. Everyone was busy breaking through the restrictions.

Perhaps one of these caskets really did contain treasure?