Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2602: Elites working together

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Previously, though Ling Han had been able to exchange blows with him once without falling into a disadvantage, that was because the Yin River had not used full power at all. Was there any need for him to use full power against a puny Fourth Heaven Celestial King?

Since Ling Han dared to challenge the Yin River, then he could just die!

The Yin River Celestial King strode towards Ling Han. As he did, a black liquid was also flowing from within his body, intertwining on the ground and forming a web-like shape.

Zhao Shuang was anxious, and hurriedly said, “We are all together. Whatever it is, we can talk it over peacefully. Just talk it over peacefully.”

If the Yin River Celestial King killed Ling Han, Zhao Shuang would not have any more “antidote.” In that case, Zhao Shuang would definitely die as well. But if Ling Han killed the Yin River Celestial King, then Zhao Shuang would have “allowed” his subordinate to commit the crime of actually daring to touch even the beloved disciple of the Azure Ghost Celestial King, and even Zhao Yuanyi would not be able to save him.

!!

Hence, what Zhao Shuang wanted the least was for the two of them to get into a fight.

How could the Yin River Celestial King possibly take heed of him? He was determined to kill Ling Han.

Previously, how the people from Prosperous Opening City had provoked him had already angered him greatly, yet he had no means to vent this fury. Now, even his own subordinate dared to leap out and publicly challenge his authority. How could he tolerate this?

Kill, he definitely had to kill him.

He moved. Weng, weng, weng. He shot out a palm strike, with seven black seals solidifying, and he pressed them down on Ling Han.

Boom, the liquid on the ground floated, solidified while maintaining a web-like shape, and became akin to a prison that trapped Ling Han within.

Ling Han clenched his right hand into a fist, and punched out at empty air.

A loud bang rang out, and the black liquid instantly collapsed. The prison crumbled.

With a long whistle, Ling Han pushed forwards this fist to continue blasting towards the Yin River Celestial King.

Peng!

The two of them exchanged another blow, and Ling Han was immediately sent flying backwards. Meanwhile, the Yin River Celestial King clearly had the upper hand in terms of power. He was standing firmly, but his palm had already split apart, blood seeping from it.

Looking back on Ling Han, the latter was completely unscathed.

This meant that it was indeed the Yin River Celestial King that had the upper hand in terms of power, but it was Ling Han that was slightly superior in terms of destructive power. With this plus one and minus one, it was hard to determine who had stronger battle prowess out of the two of them.

One could only say that they each had their advantage, and this was a battle wherein the result was hard to predict.

“Nine Transformations Divine Scroll!” everyone exclaimed in shock.

That previous blow from Ling Han had used the Nine Transformations Divine Scroll, which boosted its destructive power, and that was how he had managed to wound the Yin River Celestial King with a single strike. Though it could not be considered even light injury, that was not because the Nine Transformations Divine Scroll did not have enough might, but rather because the gap in cultivation levels between the two was too wide.

“He has fused all three parts!”

This was what caused them the most shock. As it turned out, it was not He Yi that was the only such monster. It had only been 10,000,000 years, and Ling Han had already fused the three parts of Nine Transformations Divine Scroll. This was too terrifying.

“Who exactly are you?” the Yin River Celestial King asked darkly. He did not believe that there would be so many freaks in this world, and it was always he that encountered them.

Could it be… A name appeared in his mind. But even he did not dare believe it. This was really too outrageously bold, wasn’t it?

Ling Han broke into a grin, and dragged a hand down his face, revealing another face. “Do you recognize me now?” he asked.

“Li Long!” everyone exclaimed in shock. This face was too familiar.

Ling Han grinned. His features shifted, and he turned back to his previous appearance.

“Damn it!” the Yin River Celestial King roared in fury. He moved once more, drawing from the Regulations of Water, and forming a black-colored spear, which he stabbed towards Ling Han. “Flowing waters form my spear, penetrating all defense in this world!”

Ling Han had no intention to draw the Divine Demon Sword. Previously, in the battle with the Yin River Celestial King, he had only been in the early stage of the Fourth Heaven, yet now he had attained peak stage. Moreover, he had also cultivated the Nine Transformations Divine Scroll, which had further increased his battle prowess.

Now, he should possess the strength to battle a Seventh Heaven monarch tier, right?

Ling Han raised his fist, and launched an assault against the Yin River Celestial King.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

A great battle broke out between them. The space inside here was narrow and cramped. The moment they started fighting, the shock waves from their clash surged in all directions, which was extremely frightening, forcing Zhao Shuang and the others to have no choice but to retreat continuously. They were not even qualified to watch the battle from close quarters.

Only A’Yuan was standing nearby. His eyes were burning brightly, and his hand was already involuntarily gripping his sword.

In a battle of equal cultivation levels, Ling Han was the only one who had ever defeated him, and this caused his fighting spirit to blaze. He very much wanted to defeat Ling Han so he could prove that he was the true strongest prodigy of this era.

Ling Han had no other thoughts in his head. His only thought was to battle.

The Yin River Celestial King did not know why Ling Han did not draw the Divine Demon Sword, but this naturally was more in line with his wishes. Otherwise, he was sure that he would definitely be no match for Ling Han.

In the last battle, he had fought Ling Han to a tie. Actually, this made him feel very sullen. His battle prowess definitely surpassed Ling Han’s. In fact, he overwhelmed the latter completely, but just because he lacked a Celestial Tool, he was forced to accept a tie as the result.

Now Ling Han actually chose not to use his Celestial Tool due to his pride. Then, he could blame no one if he was seeking death like this.

The Yin River unleashed his full battle prowess, wanting to force Ling Han to the point that the latter wouldn’t even have the chance to draw the Divine Demon Sword.

Battle, battle, battle, battle. The two of them unleashed their full battle prowess, fighting an extremely intense battle, and it was hard to decide who was stronger between them.

Ling Han couldn’t help but admit that a Seventh Heaven monarch tier was still very strong. Without using the Divine Demon Sword, he would also be able to fight the other to a tie, but to completely suppress him?

That was simply impossible.

Right at this moment, a flash of sword light streaked past, slicing out towards Ling Han.

A’Yuan had made his move!

He was definitely not a despicable character that would take advantage of others, but rather he had no concept of rules at all. Since his fighting spirit was blazing hotly, then he would just attack. As for a fair one-on-one battle, this kind of concept had never existed in his mind.

He would not object to others ganging up on him, and now that he was working together with the Yin River Celestial King to fight Ling Han together, he would not feel the slightest bit apologetic, either.

Now that A’Yuan had joined the battle, the pressure Ling Han was under instantly soared. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

A’Yuan was a monarch star, and a supreme monarch star at that. His Evolution Index soared directly to 11. This meant that his natural talent in cultivation was astonishing. That was clear from the moment he attacked. He had fused all three parts of the Nine Transformations Divine Scroll together. This had even surpassed the majority of Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings.

With the boost of a Heavenly Venerable Tier technique, the might of his sword technique was extremely frightening.

Thankfully, he had only obtained three parts of the Divine Scroll after all. While that was still strong, it had not reached a level that could not be matched.

Ling Han was unafraid. On the other hand, his heroic spirit and excitement burst out. Regulations entwined his fists as he clashed fiercely with the two great elites.

But no matter how strong and fierce human power was, there was still a limit. The combined might of A’Yuan and the Yin River Celestial King had already surpassed Ling Han’s limit, suppressing him gradually, and he had fallen completely into a disadvantage.

Though they had the upper hand, the Yin River Celestial King did not look to be very happy, because he was feeling a tremendous amount of pressure.

Ling Han, He Yi, A’Yuan, all of them had natural talent that crushed his. Previously, he had been self-content and smug. He was an extremely rare monarch tier of Ghost King City, but now with this comparison, he was practically trash.

A’Yuan’s natural talent in cultivation was indeed awesome. After being defeated by Ling Han, he did not become despondent and lose his fighting spirit. Instead, he learned from the lesson, and compensated for his own shortcomings. His battle prowess had become even more terrifying than before.

Furthermore, he had also reached the peak stage of the Fourth Heaven, and his rate of advancement was not much slower than Ling Han’s.

The two great elites worked together, especially A’Yuan, who was extremely proficient in attack. This was his faith. Only when the power of attack was strong enough that he could completely overwhelm his opponent would there be absolutely no need to worry about defense, because he would definitely not be hit.

His was a sharp sword, which posed a serious threat to Ling Han.