Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2605: Breaking out of the siege

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

He Yi, or rather Gu Heyi, couldn’t help starting as his expression changed drastically. He had never imagined that Ling Han could manage to recognize his true identity despite pitifully little information.

However, this was also normal.

That was because after Gu Heyi, Xiao Yingxiong, and Miao Hua had entered into the Celestial King Graveyard, they had also rushed all the way to Prosperous Opening City after hearing of how freakish Ling Han was. That was because they deduced that the person who possessed such freakish battle prowess definitely could only be Ling Han.

But when they arrived at Prosperous Opening City, Ling Han had already set out towards the Ancient Tomb. Hence, the three of them joined Prosperous Opening City, and set off together.

Their goal was Ling Han. Thus, when they previously encountered the people from Ghost King City, they would ask about Ling Han. They were sure that Ling Han would definitely not give up on such a great opportunity as the Ancient Tomb. He would definitely find some way to sneak in.

True enough, after they came, they saw those people from Ghost King City flee in panic. Capturing one of them and interrogating him, they found out that “Li Long” had appeared again, and thus stood guard at this entrance.

Wang Dongsen and the others expressed no disagreement. They, too, wanted nothing more than to kill Ling Han.

“Ling Han, prepare to die!” Gu Heyi naturally would not expose his identity in full public. He merely laughed loudly, and then attacked.

His strength was much superior as compared to the Yin River Celestial King’s. He was capable of defeating a Seventh Heaven monarch tier within 10 moves. Even though he had used his ultimate technique, this still proved that he was indeed powerful.

Gu Heyi’s battle prowess had definitely reached Eighth Heaven. His palm descended, and?boom, even the skies were trembling. This was a terrifying power that was close to the pinnacle power of Regulation.

Ling Han moved. He could face off against the Yin River Celestial King head-on, but doing so against Gu Heyi still surpassed the maximum limits of his strength. Thankfully, his physique was very strong, so it would not hurt even if he was swept by a little of the aftermath.

Gu Heyi delivered several dozen strikes, yet Ling Han managed to dodge all of them. A Celestial King actually wanted to kill another Celestial King? This was a difficult feat!

There was a gap of two cultivation levels between the two of them, but the gap between their actual battle prowess was a single cultivation level at most. Thus, the difficulty level of Gu Heyi killing Ling Han was extremely high.

However, Xiao Yingxiong and Miao Hua moved. They both walked out, forming a triangular formation, and surrounding Ling Han.

“Die!”

These two people moved mercilessly, wanting to kill Ling Han as soon as possible so they could directly extract his spirit.

Every single one of them was stronger than Ling Han in terms of battle prowess, and the three of them working together was enough for an intense battle with a peak-stage Eighth Heaven Celestial King. This was a crushing advantage, which brought enough difficulty for Ling Han. He was struck repeatedly, suffering multiple wounds.

And this was still because Ling Han’s physique had reached the Sixth Heaven in level. If it had been anyone else, even if their battle prowess had been equal to his opponents’, they would definitely have been killed by now. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

With a?ding, Ling Han drew the Divine Demon Sword.

“Do you think you are the only one with a Celestial Tool?” Xiao Yingxiong and the others sneered. When it came to powerful people like them, who had not previously traveled the most dangerous ancient sites? Obtaining a piece of Divine Metal was no difficult matter. Naturally, they had long since obtained their own Celestial Tools.

To say the least, even if their luck was too bad, and they never managed to get hold of Divine Metal, the martial academy would have given them a piece as a reward after so many years.

Weng. Weng. Weng.?Frightening power surged out, and three majestic pillars of light shot skywards. Gu Heyi and the others all drew their respective Celestial Tools, still having an absolute advantage.

Wang Dongsen and the others were all watching this heatedly.

They were all just second-generation young masters, and though the Celestial King Graveyard had no shortage of Celestial medicine, there was pitifully little Divine Metal. Aside from those that Celestial Kings had brought with them when they came here, there was basically no possibility that it could be discovered here.

Hence, no matter how much they were favored, it was useless. Even when it came to Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings, there were not many that had a Celestial Tool, what more Wang Dongsen’s group.

Now, seeing that Ling Han and the others all possessed a Celestial Tool, how could they not feel jealous?

Xiao Yingxiong and the others were all supreme monarch stars. In fact, their Evolution Index was progressing towards 12. Not only was their battle prowess astonishing, their comprehension abilities were also incredibly frightening. They, too, had fused all three parts of the Nine Transformations Divine Scroll, and had used it in battle, greatly improving their battle prowess.

“Today, you must die!” Xiao Yingxiong declared coldly.

The three of them joined forces, sealing off all routes of escape for Ling Han. He definitely could not be allowed the slightest possibility of fleeing.

Which of the three of them was not an absolutely strong prodigy? There had only been legends of how they had won victories against those with superior cultivation levels, yet not only were they using the superiority of two cultivation levels to battle a Celestial King one level lower now, it was the three of them working together at that. This was completely abandoning all pride.

Undoubtedly, the threat this posed was too great.

Ling Han was in a great crisis. The three of them working together were much, much stronger than the teamup of A’Yuan and the Yin River Celestial King, causing him to bleed very quickly. Furthermore, all three of them possessed their own Celestial Tools. If he was just struck once, it was definitely not something as simple as shedding a little blood.

Things couldn’t continue like this, or he would die.

With a battlecry, Ling Han began trying to break out of the siege.

“You want to escape?” Miao Hua struck out with his staff, forcing Ling Han backwards. If Ling Han still managed to escape even with the three of them combining forces, they would have no face to show themselves in the future.

Ling Han laughed loudly. His fighting spirit was already fully ignited. What others considered impossible, he was determined to accomplish.

Wasn’t it just the battle prowess of three Eighth Heaven Celestial Kings? There was no way he could win, but breaking out of their siege was definitely no impossible feat.

With a loud battle cry, Ling Han began to break out of the siege.

As the Divine Demon Sword slashed, he turned into a gust of wind, charging towards Xiao Yingxiong.

Xiao Yingxiong couldn’t help but rage. Ling Han had chosen him as the point to break out; did he think that he was the easiest to deal with?

‘Damn it! F*cking damn it!’

“Die!” he shouted in fury, and threw a punch, wanting to send Ling Han back.

Yet Ling Han ignored this strike, and forcefully broke out.

Peng!

This punch from Xiao Yingxiong landed on Ling Han’s back, but a light flashed out, and Ling Han was completely unharmed. Instead, he increased the speed of his charge with this punch.

…Ling Han had taken the initiative to channel the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll. His defenses now could not be considered to be at the level of Divine Metal, but they were definitely not something that an Eighth Heaven Celestial King could harm.

“This damn defense!” Xiao Yingxiong humphed. If Ling Han was allowed to simply break out and leave like this, the former would really be humiliated. With a soft exclamation, the spear in his hands pierced out rapidly, the might of a Celestial Tool fully unleashed.

‘No matter how strong your physique is, what use is there? As long as it hasn’t reached the level of Divine Metal, how could you be capable of blocking the sharpness of a genuine Celestial Tool? Otherwise, how could Celestial Tools possibly be so valuable?’

He started later than the others, and added with how he had “helped” Ling Han with a punch, there was no way he could have ordinarily caught up to Ling Han. He was aware of this fact as well. Thus, when the power of the spear was fully expended, he pushed forwards fiercely.?Peng, the spear flew out of his hands, yet with a burst of 10 times the speed, it pursued after Ling Han.

This strike was really, really too fast.

If Ling Han continued on a straight course, he would definitely be struck by the spear, and if he veered off, that would definitely affect his speed, and thus allow Gu Heyi and Miao Hua to catch up to him, and intercept him once more.

However, Ling Han’s reaction was something no one had expected. He merely twisted his body slightly.?Pu, the spear reached him. Even with his physique, it still could not be blocked. The tip of the spear instantly sank in, but it did not penetrate too deeply, and Ling Han did not even pause in his footsteps.

“Return!” Xiao Yingxiong grasped at empty air, and the spear immediately turned around and returned, bringing with it a fountain of blood, which also caused Ling Han to stumble.

However, Ling Han merely released a ferocious roar, and his speed only increased even faster, with him concentrating his full effort on escaping.

In this way, Gu Heyi and Miao Hua could not catch up to Ling Han.

After he had run far enough, Ling Han turned his head, his eyes sweeping over the faces of Xiao Yingxiong and the others. His gaze was extremely cold, as if he was looking at three dead bodies