Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2606: Another great battle

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Ling Han did not say anything, but anyone who saw his expression could guess what he wanted to convey.

And that was that he was definitely going to kill Xiao Yingxiong and the others!

This seemed a bit amusing. Xiao Yingxiong and the others were all Sixth Heaven Celestial Kings whose battle prowess soared directly into Eighth Heaven Celestial King Tier, and with their combined might, they could even match the battle prowess of a peak-stage Eighth Heaven Celestial King Tier.

To kill them, one had to possess the Ninth Heaven’s battle prowess at least, right?

Yet Ling Han was only a Fourth Heaven Celestial King, so what basis did he have for such confidence?

!!

But a chill rose up in the hearts of Xiao Yingxiong and the others, and even their souls were trembling.

Why had they entered the Celestial King Graveyard to snipe Ling Han? Firstly, they coveted the secret of Ling Han’s powerful Body Art, and wanted to take it for themselves, and secondly, they were wary of Ling Han’s potential. If they did not stop him, there would eventually come a day when he would surpass them.

The three of them immediately strengthened their resolve. The more things were like this, the more they were determined to kill Ling Han.

“Humph, even if you have escaped our encirclement, so what? Where will you be able to escape with such severe injuries?” Miao Hua asked menacingly.

“Even if we must chase you to the ends of the world, we will still kill you!” Xiao Yingxiong expressed his stand on the matter as well.

“Die!” Gu Heyi’s remark was very simple, but a single “die” also expressed his thoughts completely.

Xiu, xiu, xiu.

The three of them set off in pursuit at the same time.

Ling Han turned around, Regulations of Space spreading out. Wide-range spatial transportation could not be done here, but movement within a smaller range was still possible. At the same time, he was also causing trouble for these three great elites, slowing them down.

“There’s no way you can escape!” Xiao Yingxiong and the others locked their respective divine sense on Ling Han.

Ling Han burst out in speed. Though he was inferior by two cultivation levels, his command over the Regulations of Space allowed him to possess even higher speed, and adding how there were many ancient graves here, with fog obstructing visibility, he soon threw the three pursuers off his trail.

He entered into a large tomb, found a corner, and then entered into the Celestial Guest Residence, where he immediately began healing his injuries.

This time, his injuries were extremely severe, especially after that last strike when he was injured by the Celestial Tool. Though it missed his vital points, terrifying destructive power was still gushing in his body, and this caused one-third of his body to directly deteriorate.

Not only that, this kind of deterioration was still spreading towards the rest of his body. If it were not for the fact that he had used Source Power to wrap around his heart, he would probably have died long ago.

Ling Han ingested an alchemical pill. He did not tell the women about his present state, or the Empress might directly charge out to commit murder. That would be too terrible. Xiao Yingxiong and the others would definitely not harm the Empress, but the consequences would only be worse.

Ling Han channeled the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll, wanting to remove the deteriorating power left behind by the Celestial Tool.

The reason why Celestial Tools were Celestial Tools was their terrifying destructive power. Anything that was forged from Divine Metal would have this kind of ability, and the only difference was that after the Celestial Tool was forged, it could be activated. It could then battle by itself, unlike an ordinary weapon that was forged from Divine Metal, which definitely needed a user to wield it.

Judging from the end result, with Ling Han sustaining this strike, whether it was a Celestial Tool or a Divine Metal weapon, the damage caused was more or less equal.

The Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll channeled endlessly inside his body, slowly expelling the destructive power of the Celestial Tool.

The pace was really, really slow.

Theoretically speaking, Divine Metal itself was already at the height of the Ninth Heaven Celestial King Tier. If one was struck directly, it would be equivalent to having been struck by a Ninth Heaven Celestial King. However, the injury would not immediately explode, but rather cause damage slowly.

Especially when the injury was in the proximity of vital areas. One could not completely remove the whole area, so this was extremely troublesome.

Thankfully, the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll was the precious technique of a Heavenly Venerate that was superior to Regulations. Even if Ling Han could not fully unleash the might of the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll due to the limits of his own cultivation level, he was still the source of its power, and the destructive power of a Celestial Tool was limited. As long as there was enough time, he would definitely be able to eliminate this destructive power.

Ling Han exerted time acceleration effects on himself so he could shrink down the time needed for recovery.

He spent more than 500 years, and in reality, around half a year’s time had passed. Ling Han finally healed the injury caused by the Celestial Tool completely. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Ling Han stepped out of the Celestial Guest Residence. He wanted to accumulate the final bit of power through cultivation in preparation for breaking through to the Fifth Heaven, and he toured the large tomb at the same time, letting the Divine Demon Sword devour enough Divine Metal so it could advance further.

Whether it was Ling Han advancing into Fifth Heaven, or the Divine Demon Sword advancing to the level of a Heavenly Venerate Tool, it would allow his battle prowess to undergo a complete transformation. When he battled Xiao Yingxiong and the others again, he would not have to flee in such a sorry state.

“I will definitely seek a reckoning for this debt!”

Ling Han continued to open coffins within this large tomb. Every time he opened a coffin, he would apologize to the dead. After extracting the Divine Metal, he would carefully close the coffin back again. Having disturbed their eternal slumber, he felt guilt towards them.

All of a sudden, Ling Han sensed an extremely dangerous aura, and immediately drew the Divine Demon Sword, which he then raised before him.

Xiu, a flash of sword light streaked past, slicing towards him, the Sword Qi shattering the heavens.

Ding!

Ling Han struck out with his sword, parrying this strike, but his figure was still forced backwards. Peng, he only stopped after crashing into the wall behind him.

“I have already said it before; there is no way you can escape!” The person who had struck revealed himself. It was Gu Heyi. He walked out, sword in hand and aura blazing. With his present battle prowess that was close to the peak stage of the Eighth Heaven, he was practically invincible here.

‘How has he found me?’

This thought flashed through Ling Han’s head, but he still chose to break out without a moment’s hesitation.

The walls here were too thick, which made the place a natural prison. In that case, as long as both Xiao Yingxiong and Miao Hua both came here as well, Ling Han would really have no means of escape with one of them guarding a single passageway each.

Hence, he had to break out before they managed to encircle him again.

Channeling the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll, every strike he delivered was aimed at causing injury to both his opponent and himself.

This caused Gu Heyi to fall into a dilemma. His strength was indeed greater than Ling Han’s, but he did not dare to let himself be struck even once by the Celestial Tool. Furthermore, Ling Han’s battle prowess had also reached the level of the Seventh Heaven, so how could Gu Heyi underestimate him?

Gu Heyi did not want to suffer heavy injuries himself when he killed Ling Han. Who could guarantee that Xiao Yingxiong and Miao Hua would not turn on him when they made their way here?

This was the Celestial King Graveyard. The dark side in everyone’s heart would be exposed and boundlessly magnified.

There were no rules or laws here, and it was very easy to go mad or psychotic here.

And if one died here, who would pursue the matter, and how could they pursue the matter?

Hence, Gu Heyi was going to capture Ling Han, but he could not allow himself to be injured. At the very least, he could not sustain heavy injuries, as that would affect his battle prowess.

With such reservations, it was difficult for him to intercept Ling Han. Furthermore, though this was not a labyrinth, there were truly a considerable number of crossroads. Ling Han very easily grabbed hold of this, and he took this chance to charge out.

Gu Heyi hurriedly set off in pursuit, fire burning in his heart. Ling Han actually managed to escape again.

But what could Gu Heyi do? Ling Han had grasped the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll. It allowed his physique to become incredibly tough for a short period of time, allowing him to trade injury for injury. With how Gu Heyi also had his own reservations, how was he supposed to intercept Ling Han?

He wanted to reap harvests, but he was not willing to sacrifice anything. How could there possibly be anything as good as that?

Ling Han moved quickly. There were really too many turns in the stairway here, which greatly impacted his speed.

He did not know how long he had circled around for. He had just made another turn, when hu, a staff suddenly swept out towards him, bringing with it an incredibly terrifying force.

Miao Hua’s figure appeared as well. There was a cold smirk on his face. From the look of things, he had already discovered Ling Han, yet had not appeared immediately. Instead, he had been lying in ambush here!

That was indeed quite sly.