Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 262: Domineering Rain Emperor

Translator: _Dark_Angel_ Editor: Kurisu

There were some who were aware that the reason the Liu Clan had agreed to have Liu Yu Tong marry Feng Ming must have been because Feng Yan had promised them some kind of benefits, but how could such a deal that had been agreed upon so privately be announced right in front of so many people?

Clan Head Liu’s face unconsciously darkened, but Feng Yan was completely unrestrained. Moreover, he had a terrifying background behind him, so what could he do even if he was very displeased? How could he really hang Feng Yan up and give him a thrashing?

When he remembered the benefits that the Liu Clan would be able to gain, Clan Head Liu merely hesitated for a while and then stood up, then said to Fu Yuan Sheng, “Grandmaster Fu, give me some face, and please do not interfere, all right?”

Fu Yuan Sheng’s expression changed drastically. He asked, “If I make a move, are you intending to stop me?”

“That’s right!” Clan Head Liu forced out through gritted teeth.

“Liu Fei Peng, I am not very displeased, and in the future, perhaps the Heaven’s Medicine Pavilion will not be selling one single medicinal pill to the Liu Clan. Are you sure that you want to continue to anger me?” Fu Yuan Sheng said threateningly.

Clan Head Liu’s hands trembled slightly, obviously embroiled in an inner struggle. However, he immediately replied, “Grandmaster Fu, please do not interfere!”

He was determined to side with Feng Yan.

Fu Yuan Sheng was furious. He really did not know what kind of benefits Feng Yan had promised to the Liu Clan that not only made them agree to deliver a genius member of their clan and even ruin their relations with the Heaven’s Medicine Pavilion. One had to understand that even though the Liu Clan has developed their own alchemists, it was impossible that they would be able to supply enough alchemical pills to everyone. Thus, they would still have to visit the Heaven’s Medicine Pavilion to replenish their supplies of alchemical pills.

He humphed and said, “Then let me come and experience your battle prowess!”

Yet Clan Head Liu did not attack. As long as Fu Yuan Sheng did not move, he was definitely not going to attack. After all, the former was also in the Spiritual Pedestal Tier, and if they really came to blows, they would be creating too much destruction, and this was still the Liu Residence.

“Attendant Qiu, there is no one capable of stopping you now!” Feng Yan declared with a smile, his expression extremely arrogant and wild.

Qiu Ku laughed loudly, and strode towards Ling Han.

There were in total four elites of the Spiritual Pedestal Tier here at the moment, and two of them were obviously on Feng Yan’s side. Only one was supporting Ling Han, while the remaining one, Jia Bo Yun, seemed to have become a blind and deaf person and continued to sit without making any movement, looking completely at ease.

Obviously, the Spirit Treasures Pavilion was willing to cheer Ling Han on, but was definitely not going to offend the Winter Moon Sect for his sake.

What was Ling Han going to do?

Zhu Wu Jiu, the Seventh Imperial Prince, and the others were all frowning, whereas the Eldest and the Third Imperial Prince smirked coldly. Who asked Ling Han to ignore their advice and insist on causing his own destruction, like an egg striking a rock? He deserved whatever he got!

Ling Han sighed. Now that things had turned out this way, he could only choose to reveal his status as a Black Grade high level alchemist.

“Heng! You actually dare to be insolent in my territory!” It was at this moment that a voice filled with ultimate might was heard, causing the hearts of all the people gathered here to tremble. They all felt a reverence and fear that seemed to originate from the depths of their souls.

“Your, Your Imperial Majesty!” Clan Head Liu exclaimed in shock. This voice was precisely the voice of the current emperor of Rain Country!

“Rain Emperor!” Qiu Ku could not help but tense up. Though the Rain Emperor was in the Spiritual Pedestal Tier as well, he was also the ruler of a nation. In terms of imposing manner, he was able to suppress all others in the Spiritual Pedestal Tier. Not even he dared to underestimate the Rain Emperor.

“This is my Rain Country, and not the Winter Moon Sect!” The Rain Emperor’s voice was once again heard, loud and mighty as thunder. “I can turn a blind eye to the enmity of the younger generation, but if the older generation intends to interfere, I will kill anyone I see doing that!”

So domineering. Qiu Ku was a Spiritual Pedestal Tier elite of the Winter Moon Sect, yet the Rain Emperor would still rebuke him in such a way. “I will kill anyone I see doing that”, how could the words of a ruler be mere words?

The young people in the area were all incredibly excited. This was the Rain Emperor, and he was indeed a powerful ruler. Even faced with a powerful elite of the Winter Moon Sect, he did not cower in the slightest. This made them all feel as if their blood was boiling in their veins, making them feel the urge to have a grand battle.

Meanwhile, the expressions of the Eldest and the Third Imperial Prince were undergoing a massive change. They had not thought that the Rain Emperor himself would actually support Ling Han, and when they thought of their own positions… that was completely opposed to the Rain Emperor’s stand! How were they going to inherit the throne this way?

Only the Seventh Imperial Prince was wearing an excited grin. He had gambled on the right choice. The Rain Emperor was a proud man, so how could he allow an outsider to undermine his authority on his own territory?

“Rain Emperor, your boasts are a bit too exaggerated. If an ultimate elite of the Flower Blossoming Tier came from my sect, would you still dare to say such a thing?” Qiu Ku asked coldly. The Winter Moon Sect was naturally more powerful than Rain Country, and he himself was at the same cultivation level as the Rain Emperor, so how could he be afraid of the latter?

“In the time of three breaths, get lost immediately. Otherwise, I will smack you right out of my country!” The voice of the Rain Emperor was once again heard. His voice was cold and forceful.

“Haha, then I would really like to experience that!” Qiu Ku looked towards Ling Han, his killing intent flaring. They were both in the Spiritual Pedestal Tier. Moreover, he was also an attendant of the Winter Moon Sect, so how could he be scared off simply by the Rain Emperor’s words?

He was still a little anxious, because he had not yet figured out where the Rain Emperor was at this moment. The voice rumbled as if it was coming from all directions, so he had no way to identify where it really came from.

One breath!

Everyone was counting down in their hearts, whereas Qiu Ku began to walk towards Ling Han.

Two breaths!

Qiu Ku was not walking particularly quickly. He had completely pushed his alertness and awareness to their limits. He had long heard that the Rain Emperor was a genius of martial arts and possessed a terrifying battle prowess, so how could he dare to be careless?

Three breaths!

Qiu Ku moved, his right hand forming into a gigantic, purple-colored hand. There were intricate patterns flickering with light on his palm, as if they were able to shatter the earth.

“Heng!” The Rain Emperor’s voice was once again heard. Peng , the roof was pierced through, and they could only see a gigantic golden fist descend down from the skies, crashing ruthlessly towards Qiu Ku.

“Son of Heaven Fist Technique!” All three Imperial Princes gasped at the same time. No matter what kind of weapons they used personally, they had all naturally learnt the Son of Heaven Fist Technique. However, when they saw this golden fist, they only felt endless shock.

When the son of heaven’s fist attacked, the whole world would be flattened!

It was irresistible and there was no counter to it. With this one fist, everyone merely felt as if they were as insignificant as ants. No matter what move they made to resist, it would only be like a mantis trying to stop a chariot, an impossible feat, and their only fate would be to be completely crushed by the imperial might.

Qiu Ku’s expression changed drastically due to shock, and he hurriedly delivered his own attack upwards, creating a purple-colored nebula that went to receive that golden fist.

Hong!

Indeed, it was like a mantis attempting to stop a chariot in its tracks. With the crushing power of the golden fist, the nebula was instantly shattered into smithereens. The golden fist landed, hong , and an irresistible force gushed out. Peng, peng, peng, peng , every single person in the Main Hall was forced backwards as if they were mere stalks of straw.

Dust and smoke filled the air, and they could only see that the whole Main Hall was completely flattened into a plain, and the only person who had not been flung out of the Main Hall was Qiu Ku.

This guy… was he dead or alive?

After the dust and smoke had dispersed a little, they could see that Qiu Ku was lying on the ground in the shape of the Chinese character for ‘ big 1 ‘, and the slightly rising and falling of his chest obviously meant that he was still alive.

Everyone inhaled sharply in shock. Qiu Ku was in the Spiritual Pedestal Tier, yet the Rain Emperor was able to crush him like a wretch without even once showing his face. Wasn’t the Rain Emperor too powerful already? Was this really the power that someone in the Spiritual Pedestal Tier should have?

Even one as arrogant as Feng Yan had his mouth tightly closed. In front of absolute power, everyone could only tremble in fear.

“Ling Han, Feng Yan, I shall allow the two of you to settle between yourselves the private enmity between you two, but if anyone else wants to interfere, this man will be their example!” The Rain Emperor’s voice was once again heard, a vibrating rumble. Even if there were three others in Spiritual Pedestal Tier present, they were still unable to identify where this voice was coming from.

“Ling Han, come see me at the Imperial Palace!”Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m