Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

2672 He Yufeng exits seclusion

At this time, the moon hung in the center of the sky, and this day had just ended.

Everyone was shocked. Just how much time had Ling Han taken for this trip? But he had already struck Ma Yuhai to the ground.

Just how wide did the power gap have to be between the two of them?

But there were a large number of people who had a discerning eye, and they revealed the truth.

“Ling Han is indeed very strong, but it is not definite that Ma Yuhai is weaker than him, either.”

“But last time, when he had been defeated by Ling Han with a single strike, a psychological trauma must have been left behind in Ma Yuhai’s heart. This time, added with how his plot was exposed, his emotions are even more disturbed. It is probable that he would not realize it even if thunder was rumbling, and adding how Ling Han is really too fast, that is what led to him being defeated with a single strike again.”

“Facing Ling Han truly is Ma Yuhai’s misfortune.”

Everyone shook their head. But there were also people who were curious, guessing who the person Ma Yuhai had asked for help had been.

“That person must be stronger than Ma Yuhai.”

“At the Ninth Heaven.”

“Monarch Star or supreme monarch star.”

Everyone put the monarch stars and supreme monarch stars of the Ninth Heaven in the martial academy together, yet discovered there was an overwhelmingly large number of suspects. This was because this was the World’s Paramount Martial Academy, which had gathered all the prodigies in the Genesis World. Furthermore, the majority of prodigies naturally would also be stuck at the Ninth Heaven. Thus, the number of prodigies at this level was the highest.

A’mu, Du Shiyi, Can Yue, and the Imperial Void Celestial King were all placed under suspicion.

Yet Ling Han couldn’t be bothered. Since Ma Yuhai wanted to start a feud with him, then he’d oblige him.

Ling Han had not killed Ma Yuhai this time. It was not because he didn’t want to, but because he could not.

After all, Ma Yuhai wanting to kill Ling Han was only Ling Han’s one-sided claim. Now that Qin Shuang was dead, if Ling Han killed Ma Yuhai as well, there really would be no one alive to give testimony on his behalf.

The crime of killing a disciple of the martial academy was too heavy.

‘The main reason is still that my strength is inadequate,’ Ling Han thought. ‘If I was a Heavenly Venerate, what would the simple matter of killing an Eighth Heaven Celestial King be worth?

‘Hence, only if I become a Heavenly Venerate will I truly be able to transcend, and be above all rules.’

Ling Han returned to the martial academy, and once again buried himself in alchemy.

The amount of Divine Metal he had obtained was increasing, but when the number came to 40 pieces, even the Wang Clan was starting to feel troubled. Divine Metal was not just cabbages that could be gotten anywhere. They had some supplies of their own, and also bought some more. They also traded for some in exchange for Celestial pills with other noble clans. However, 40 pieces was already their limit. In the short term, they would not be able to get more than that.

Thus, Ling Han had the Wang Clan use other resources as replacement. He also wanted to advance the Indestructible Celestial King Physique to the ninth level.

His work in alchemy slowed down as a result because he had used most of the medicinal ingredients that the Wang Clan had gathered over several epochs.

Ling Han took the Heavenly Venerate Pill and ingested it. He was in great need of strength at present.

Boom!

When he ingested the alchemical pill, it turned into a fiery dragon that wreaked havoc in Ling Han’s body. A powerful intent blazed, as if this was a high and lofty god that others could only worship.

This was the Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate divine sense that belonged to Ma Feng.

Ling Han humped. “A mere Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate wants me to submit to him?”

If a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate really arrived, he would still only be able to suppress Ling Han’s physical body. It was absolutely impossible to make Ling Han’s will submit. That was because Ling Han had already created his own path. Merely in the aspect of quality, he was not inferior to a Heavenly Venerate.

And now even the will of a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate wanted to suppress him; was this a joke? Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

This was Ling Han’s body, and Ling Han was the king here!

Under his aggressive suppression, even the will of a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate could only submit. Boom! A frightening power spread out throughout Ling Han’s body, increasing his cultivation level.

‘A First Tier Heavenly Venerate has grasped the unique power of a certain dimension, and as for a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate… He can already come into contact with this kind of power, and extract it to temper himself. From a certain angle, he is a Ninth Heaven Celestial King that has cultivated a Body Art.’

Ling Han glimpsed a sliver of essence of Ma Feng’s cultivation path from this Heavenly Venerate Pill. It was no wonder that this pill could possibly help a Ninth Heaven Celestial King break through to the Heavenly Venerable Tier.

But this was useless to Ling Han. He had long since created his own path. In fact, he could even extract Void Particle Energy to temper his body. What he needed was merely the increase to his cultivation level.

10 days later, he had completely refined the medicinal effects contained within this Heavenly Venerate Pill.

“This is only an alchemical pill that a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate concocted, so it cannot be called a Heavenly Venerate Pill yet.

“However, it has still advanced my cultivation level to the late stage of the Seventh Heaven, so it is quite good.

“If I could have another three or four such pills, I should be able to reach the peak stage. I would then be able to break through to the Eighth Heaven.”

Ling Han couldn’t help but sigh.

***

Recently, time was really crawling for Ma Yuhai. He felt uneasy every single day.

He feared that his plot had been exposed, and that he would completely fall from grace.

He went to check on Qin Shuang, but the latter had already vanished.

If Qin Shuang was dead, Ma Yuhai would be fine. As long as he denied everything, the martial academy could not possibly sentence him for a crime with just Ling Han’s side of the story. Furthermore, Ma Yuhai was a son of a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate. Without absolute proof, who would dare pluck out his spirit and search for the truth?

But if Qin Shuang was captured, that would be terrible.

One month, half a year, three years… Time passed very quickly, and no one appeared from the authorities of the martial academy to question Ma Yuhai about the matter of Ling Han being ambushed, so he finally relaxed his heavy heart gradually.

From the look of things, Qin Shuang really had died.

Four years later, ground-breaking news came out. He Yufeng had exited seclusion.

Who was He Yufeng?

He was from an even higher grade than A’mu, Du Shiyi, and Can Yue. He was a supreme prodigy of the term before last. Furthermore, he had another prestigious identity: his father was a Fourth Tier Heavenly Venerate by the name of He Rong, holding the title Bloody Mist.

He Yufeng was the type to keep a very low profile, constantly staying in a state of seclusion. There were pitifully few people that knew of him, but that was definitely no reason to deny that he was strong. In his batch, he was one of the top elites, and could practically be invincible.

If that had been all, then it wouldn’t have been anything notable that he had exited seclusion. It would not have caused such great commotion. More importantly, he had taken the step that all Celestial Kings dreamt of, and become a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate!

This was too shocking, and caused an uproar in the whole martial academy.

Those as strong as A’mu, Du Shiyi, and the other big shots had already reached the peak stage of the Ninth Heaven about 10 billion years ago, but 10 billion years had passed, and they were still stuck where they had started. Why was this?

Was their talent inadequate? Did they not work hard enough? Did they not have enough luck?

Wrong. They were equipped with all the conditions for breaking through to the Heavenly Venerable Tier, yet were still not able to cross over to this new threshold.

To become a Heavenly Venerate, a very extensive time of appreciation of the heaven and earth was required. Who would be as lucky as Ling Han, having been able to become the overlord of a realm?

He Yufeng had advanced to the Pseudo-Heavenly Venerable Tier, and this was absolutely authentic. In his batch of disciples, he was also the only one who had reached the Pseudo-Heavenly Venerable Tier so far.

This definitely was related to He Rong’s help. He had prepared countless cultivation resources for his son, and they were all the highest grade of treasures. However, it was still undeniable that He Yufeng had the necessary ability. This was the Pseudo-Heavenly Venerable Tier, and all the people who had attained this level in history had been people at the peak of their generation.

Previously, Ling Han had defeated Heavenborn, and was very well-known for it, but as the news of He Yufeng breaking through to the Pseudo-Heavenly Venerable Tier spread out, this news naturally overshadowed Ling Han’s feat completely.

No matter how strong a Celestial King was, compared with a Heavenly Venerate, they were all trash.

When Ma Yuhai heard about this, he instantly leaped sky-high. He was too excited.

He hurriedly begged for an audience with He Yufeng. The latter’s subordinate had died by Ling Han’s hand, so He Yufeng should be extremely furious.