Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

2674 Great extravagance

Those that were worthy of being invited by He Yufeng were really either very wealthy or very noble. Either they had a Heavenly Venerate in their family line, or their own strength and natural talent were extremely astounding.

Hence, they were all seated in very handsome carriages. These were only used when they were traveling to very important occasions, firstly as a show of respect to the host, and secondly also as a symbol of their own status.

Ling Han and the large black dog saw a very extravagant person, and his steed was actually an old ox that was manifested from Divine Metal. It was only palm-sized, and looked to be slowly trundling along, but every step covered a boundless distance, which was extremely shocking. Seeing this, the large black dog and Ling Han could barely stop themselves from rushing forwards to rob him, but thinking that this was after all the martial academy, they ultimately suppressed this impulse.

Though there were also some other extravagant people, none of them could compare with this guy.

“Who could it be?” Ling Han asked curiously.

The large black dog scratched his head with a paw. “Come, let’s go and knock them out secretly.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Ling Han rolled his eyes at him. Divine Metal was extremely rare in the first place, and when Divine Metal was sentient and capable of taking the form of an animal, that was even rarer. The owner of this carriage had to be extremely extraordinary. If they tried to knock him out secretly, wouldn’t they have the tables turned on them and be beaten up instead?

“If you want to, you go ahead.” Ling Han shook his head resolutely.

The large black dog was only saying it, and did not continue to hoot about the issue.

Very soon, the man and dog arrived at the summit. There were carriages of various types and shapes parked outside now, but though the carriage that was pulled by that golden ox was extremely small, it was still extremely eye-catching, because not a single carriage around dared to approach at all. They all maintained an adequate distance, so it seemed to stand out like a swan in a flock of chickens.

True; it was Divine Metal that could take form. Even if it was only at the First Heaven, its defenses would have already reached the peak stage of the Celestial King Tier, immortal and indestructible.

Just look at Heavenborn; just how hard was he to deal with?

But now, a powerful creature manifested from Divine Metal was actually the horsepower for someone else; how powerful would that person have to be?

“Just whom does this belong to?”

It was not just Ling Han and the large black dog that were curious. A great many people were discussing it spiritedly at the entrance to the abode. None of them had seen this carriage before, and they were all guessing at who the owner of this carriage was, or rather, which Heavenly Venerate’s descendant this visitor was.

Some people had long since entered the abode, while there were some that were beckoning over their friends and acquaintances, planning to group together before entering.

“Ling Han!” someone called out.

Ling Han raised his head. This was a man he had never met, but Ling Han knew who it was because he had detected this person’s aura before when he had been fighting with Heavenborn.

“A’mu?” he asked.

“That’s right.” A’mu nodded, and did not find it strange that Ling Han recognized him. He had been in the martial academy for more than 10 billion years, and his information had long since been made known to everyone, so what was wrong with the fact that Ling Han recognized him?

“Hehe, He Yufeng has already advanced to the Pseudo-Heavenly Venerable Tier; we, too, have to get a move on.” Another voice rang out. Du Shiyi appeared, his figure sturdy and his mighty aura on full display, his demeanor domineering and sharp.

“Who knows, it could be Junior Brother Ling Han that surpasses those before him and is the first to become a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate.” Can Yue appeared as well, his expression aloof. Those who didn’t know better would think that they had garnered his displeasure.

The three big shots appeared, instantly drawing the attention of everyone.

The large black dog would naturally not be afraid of such situations. Puffing out his chest, he waved a paw in greeting at the people around, ‘I am a powerful figure’ written all over his posture.

“Greetings!” Ling Han clasped his hand, offering his greetings to the three big shots.

The three big shots were all very polite towards him. They were all domineering and proud, and would not consider even peak-stage Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings worthy of their regard, but once it was proven that a person could be their equal in future, they would also banish their airs, and become considerably amicable and approachable.

Ling Han had already proven that he would be qualified to become a Heavenly Venerate in the future. This was only a matter of time. Thus, it naturally made the three big shots accept him into their midst.

Though the large black dog was undependable and very showy, he indeed was qualified to become a Heavenly Venerate, so the three big shots did not dare treat him lightly, either. Furthermore, he was already a Ninth Heaven Celestial King. Whichever angle they were looking at it, he was not inferior to the three of them in any way.

“Humph!”

A cold humph rang out, and the Imperial Void Celestial King appeared. He was not alone, as he had his son with him.

“Old geezer, what are you humphing around for?” Ling Han had not even spoken; the large black dog was the first to flip out. He naturally despised the Imperial Void Celestial King to the utmost, baring his sharp teeth, and huffing out steam from his mouth.

“An animal dares insult my father?” Yu Wudi immediately jumped out. In his eyes, his father was the greatest Celestial King in the world, and was not matched by anyone. Now, a black dog actually dared to rebuke his father in front of him, which was something he naturally could not tolerate.

“Nothing but a mere Third Heaven Celestial King, don’t embarrass yourself,” Ling Han stated calmly.

In the martial academy, while elites could not make a move on those weaker than themselves by two levels, it did not mean that the weaker party could provoke them. Otherwise, even if they were thrashed, it would be for nothing.

In this world, it was ultimately power that made the rules.

Now that Yu Wudi had voluntarily provoked a Ninth Heaven Celestial King, even if he was beaten half-dead, he would deserve it. Nothing would happen to the large black dog at all.

Yu Wudi was clearly aware of this. He still dared jump around like this; that naturally was because his father was presently standing behind him.

“Ling Han!” Yu Wudi looked towards Ling Han, and he involuntarily raised a brow, filled with uncontrollable fury.

Yu Wudi had walked the Celestial Path, and had initially planned to attain a perfect Celestial Seed, but forced by Ling Han, he had no choice but to break through in advance, losing all chance of attaining perfection. This naturally filled him with great resentment. However, his own battle prowess was far inferior to Ling Han’s, so what chance would he have to avenge this misdeed? Now that his enemy had appeared in front of him, his eyes turned bloodshot with fury.

Yet Ling Han did not even glance at him. This kind of guy was already not worthy of garnering his regard. If this were not the martial academy, he would have directly killed him with a single strike.

Ling Han set his eyes on the Imperial Void Celestial King, and said, “If you do not take care of your son’s smelly mouth, I will be smashing it!”

The Imperial Void Celestial King couldn’t help but sneer. “Ling Han, you really are arrogant. Do you think that you are qualified to stand equal to me just because you have advanced to the Seventh Heaven now?”

“Old geezer, what are you so fierce for? Don’t you know that this brat is under Grandpa Dog’s protection?” The large black dog jumped out, pointing a paw at the Imperial Void Celestial King, his actions very provocative.

The Imperial Void Celestial King was very disdainful. “A defeated opponent, I alone can suppress the two of you!”

The large black dog roared loudly, and moved aggressively.

The Imperial Void Celestial King was taken aback. In his eyes, the large black dog was the type to have no backbone; how did he dare to make a move on him voluntarily? While that was what he was thinking, he naturally would not just be standing there and allowing the large black dog to attack him. His right hand balled into a fist, and he threw a punch at the large black dog, endless Regulations condensing in his fist. This punch had astonishing might.

Clang!

The two of them exchanged a punch, and both of them instantly trembled, taking a few steps backwards. Boom! A frightening shock wave surged out, and everyone in the surroundings was implicated as they were thrown backwards as if they were made of straw.

Thankfully, those that could come today either had outstanding strength themselves, or had a Heavenly-Venerable-Tier background, so how could they possibly not possess any treasures that they could protect themselves with?

In this instant, various kinds of lights burst madly as terrifying auras that surpassed great dao spread out.

Ling Han, Du Shiyi, and the company naturally would not be concerned. If the Imperial Void Celestial King or the large black dog attacked them, they definitely would have to dodge or make a move to parry, but if it was just a mere shock wave… it was no big deal.

“Yi!” The Imperial Void Celestial King looked surprised because the large black dog was actually not the slightest bit inferior to him in this exchange.