Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

2679 A Pseudo Heavenly Venerate bleeds

Ling Han only sent out a shot of the Five Elements Lightning Technique, but why did his whole arm explode?

That was very simple. It was because not only was he channeling the Five Elements Lightning Technique, he was also using the divine lightning to boost its power.

A Heavenly Venerate Technique could not possibly be channeled constantly. A Celestial King could not bear so much power. Before he used it to hurt others, he would kill himself first.

If it had been a few days ago, Ling Han truly would not have dared to be so reckless, but his Indestructible Celestial King Physique had already reached Great Accomplishment level. His physique was only slightly inferior to Divine Metal, yet this gave him the confidence and courage to make this attempt.

Though he was just an ordinary man, his fury was still capable of making a Heavenly Venerate bleed!

‘Die!’ Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Ling Han charged over, boldly and grandly forging onwards without reservations.

He Yufeng finally showed a hint of seriousness in his expression. He was proud, but he would definitely not be blindly self-conceited. When this blow from Ling Han was delivered, his first reaction was to avoid a head-on confrontation with it. But who was he? He was a dignified Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate, and to actually have to dodge the attack of a Seventh Heaven, how could he bear it?

Furthermore, if He Yufeng avoided this strike, Ling Han would really have finished all 10 moves!

A Seventh Heaven had made an empty threat in front of a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate, claiming he could withstand 10 moves, but in the end, he truly turned this into reality. Then how would He Yufeng, the Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate, be able to face others in future?

He Yufeng could not dodge. He had to take it head-on, and kill Ling Han with his overwhelming strength.

He Yufeng humphed coldly, green ribbons of light entwined around his hands, exuding a pressure that far surpassed the Celestial King Tier. He pressed his hands down on Ling Han.

This clash was earth-shattering.

A’mu, Du Shiyi, and Can Yue all paled in shock. They knew themselves well. If it was they that were receiving this strike from either Ling Han or He Yufeng, they would only be severely injured. The only solution would be to dodge the blow. Taking this attack head-on would only be making things difficult for themselves.

But He Yufeng being so strong was logical. What was Ling Han’s reason for being so awesome, then?

It was inconceivable; it was unimaginable; it was unacceptable!

Even Lin Piaoxue showed a hint of surprise, nodding internally. Ling Han being able to send out such a blow was really worthy of the grand words that he had previously said.

The fury of even an ordinary man could spill blood in all directions!

Boom! The attacks sent out by the two great elites finally crashed into each other, forming a great explosion that surpassed Regulations. Lin Piaoxue hurriedly moved, suppressing the multiple resulting shock waves. Otherwise, if these shock waves from the clash were allowed to wreak havoc and cause destruction, who knew how many people would be implicated. The majority of them would definitely be killed.

It was a terrifying wave of power. Even if Lin Piaoxue had dispelled the major part of the impact, there were still some small ripples that seeped out, causing quite a few people to cough up blood, and breaking their bones. They were all astounded. If even a tiny shock wave had been so powerful, then just what kind of terrifying impact had the two people at the center of the battle sustained?

When the dust settled, Ling Han was still standing where he had been, but not only had his entire right arm exploded, leaving behind only white bone, even his whole upper body had lost all flesh and blood, leaving behind only his skeleton. However, he was still standing steadily, his eyes exuding a fighting spirit that was soaring sky-high, as if he was a supreme Divine Sword that had just been unsheathed.

Looking back at He Yufeng, he was still holding the position of laying down his right hand. His situation was much, much better than Ling Han’s. His robes were all neat and tidy, and he practically had not sustained any injury at all. Only a small cut had been inflicted on the palm of his right hand, blood dripping slowly from it.

Seeing this scene, everyone went numb with shock.

He Yufeng had been wounded.

He Yufeng had actually been wounded!

A Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate, faced with a Seventh Heaven Celestial King, had actually been wounded by his opponent, and was bleeding.

Good heavens!

Everyone was not concerned that Ling Han’s wounds were more serious and what kind of price he had paid. They were only aware that a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate had been wounded by a Seventh Heaven Celestial King.

This was a miracle that had never happened; this was a grand feat that no one had ever dared to imagine was possible!

Ling Han was the one who had performed this miracle, and He Yufeng? He was destined to become an eternal afternote that would accompany Ling Han for his whole life. In the future, when anyone spoke of the grand feat that Ling Han had performed today, they would speak of He Yufeng as well, using his humiliation to show off just how freakish Ling Han was.

This was Ling Han’s fury as an ordinary man!

Amazing; his fury was capable of making a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate bleed. Was there any other Seventh Heaven that could do the same?

Heavenborn? No; he would only be able to ensure that he did not lose, at most.

Du Shiyi, A’mu, Can Yue?

Perhaps if they presently exploded with ultimate moves, they could exchange it for a drop of blood from a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate, but when they had been only in the Seventh Heaven, that would’ve been merely a delusion.

Ling Han smiled evenly, the blood and flesh of his body regrowing at an astonishing speed. The reason why he had come off so badly was actually mostly due to the conflict between the two Heavenly Venerate Techniques inside his body, so this was considered self-inflicted injury. It would recover very quickly. Now, with the circulation of the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll, added with how Ling Han also had Void Particle Energy, his recovery was naturally extraordinarily quick.

“Lord He, thank you for the guidance!” He clasped his fists together.

Though Ling Han was speaking very politely, He Yufeng felt his face burn.

He knew that he was going to become an eternal joke, juxtaposed with Ling Han to show how freakish Ling Han was.

He Yufeng’s eyes burned with rage, killing intent blazing. He was going to kill Ling Han. He would definitely not allow him to leave this place alive. When others saw Ling Han in the future, they would speak of his great achievement today, and then step harshly on He Yufeng as well.

That was definitely not allowed. He Yufeng was a man that was destined to become a Heavenly Venerate; how could he carry such a stain on his name?

‘Die!’

He Yufeng roared in fury, green light surging from both his hands, and pressing down on Ling Han.

Ling Han was freakish. Not only had he clashed with a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate for 10 moves, he had even wounded the former, but after 10 moves, he was also at the end of the line. How could he now be able to block the vengeful counterattack of a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate?

Yet Ling Han did not panic in the least, and merely looked calmly back at the other party.

“He Yufeng, you have gone too far!” Lin Piaoxue moved. Her jade-like arms moved lightly, her fingers like plucked flowers. She looked like she did not hold any internal heat at all, but the might she displayed was extraordinary. Peng! She easily sent He Yufeng into retreat.

Though both of them were Pseudo-Heavenly Venerates, He Yufeng had just advanced to this cultivation level, while it was possible that Lin Piaoxue was about to advance to the next cultivation level. The gap in power between the two of them was extremely wide.

He Yufeng took over 100 steps back before finally regaining his footing. His face was completely crimson due to the impact from the blow delivered by Lin Piaoxue, as well as fury.

Was it really so difficult for a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate to kill a puny Seventh Heaven?

“You truly wish to offend our He Clan for the sake of this brat?” He Yufeng demanded menacingly.

Hearing his words, Du Shiyi and the others shook their heads.

With He Yufeng saying this, he meant to use his old man, He Rong, to exert pressure.

They were all top-tier prodigies, and their own strength was their true foundation, the true basis for their pride and confidence, yet He Yufeng had placed his old man on the table now. This actually was him admitting his own incompetence.

This naturally garnered their disdain. Immediately, they removed He Yufeng from the list of people who could be their equal.

Lin Piaoxue’s pretty face was calm, her complexion fairer than snow. It was as if there was no life to her at all. She looked at He Yufeng, her eyes holding a slightly strange look, as if they were filled with sympathy.

“If you do not want to trifle with our He Clan, leave immediately!” He Yufeng demanded, pointing at the doors.

“Sigh, what a dumb brat.” A voice rang out slowly.

“Big Brother!” The large black dog immediately jumped up. It was the black donkey.

The black donkey walked over slowly. He maintained a human-like posture, his two front legs crossed behind him and his round belly exposed. His sleazy appearance was not much better than the large black dog’s.

“Greetings, Lord Divine Donkey!” Everyone hurriedly bowed in greeting, and even He Yufeng was no exception.