Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

2680 Competing in fathers

The black donkey was a Heavenly Venerate, not a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate.

So what if He Yufeng had escaped the binds of Regulations? The rule that would never disappear and that would exist eternally was “only the strong would be respected.”

Everyone lowered their heads, and paid their respects to the black donkey. Even Lin Piaoxue curtsied slightly. “Uncle Donkey.”

Uncle Donkey?

!!

The black donkey walked over. Pa! He kicked out a hoof at He Yufeng, sending him onto the ground.

He Yufeng was furious. For better or worse, he was also a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate, not much inferior to the black donkey, but the latter actually dared to humiliate him like this?

“Damn brat, I am saving you here!” The black donkey stretched out a hoof to step on He Yufeng’s face. “If your father knew about this, he would probably have to send me flowers to thank me.”

Everyone’s mouth twitched. This donkey was really caustic. He had already stepped on the other person, yet was actually still declaring that this was for the latter’s own good.

He Yufeng was naturally mad with fury. He swore that he would definitely inform his father of this. ‘No matter how good your relationship with Zhou Heng is, you still can’t treat me like this!’

The black donkey snickered, and rapped his hoof on He Yufeng’s head. “Brat, you are still not giving up? Fine then. I will let you die satisfied! You are using your own father to exert pressure on others, but do you know who her father is?” he asked, pointing at Lin Piaoxue.

Everyone couldn’t help but prick their ears in anticipation, filled with curiosity.

They also very much wanted to know what Lin Piaoxue’s background was. To think that no one actually knew the origins of a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate; this kind of mystery would garner incredible curiosity in the first place.

“Who?” He Yufeng asked stubbornly.

“Competing in fathers with others, sigh, you are truly too naive.” The black donkey still kept them hanging. Only once everyone’s neck was stretched out extensively did he finally say slowly, “This little girl’s father has the surname Lin.”

No kidding.

Everyone was thinking this. Of course, not one of them dared to say this out loud.

“And he’s going by the name Xiaoyang,” the black donkey continued calmly.

Lin Xiaoyang!

“Hiss, the Sixth Tier Heavenly Venerate, Lord Lin Xiaoyang!”

“Then that means… wouldn’t Lord Lin Luo then be her grandfather?”

“The Lin Clan, Lin Luo is a Seventh Tier Heavenly Venerate, and his son Lord Lin Xiaoyang is a Sixth Tier Heavenly Venerate. His two disciples, Lord Zhou Heng and Lord Yang Chu Hao, are both Sixth Tier Heavenly Venerates as well. He is a legend among legends!”

“Competing in background with her, haha, this is truly hilarious. In the whole Genesis World, what other force can compare with the Lin Clan?”

“There may be some, but it definitely is not the He Clan.”

Some were whispering quietly among themselves, but there were also others that did not have such reservations. That was because they, too, had Third Tier, Fourth Tier, or even Fifth Tier Heavenly Venerate elders backing them up. What did they have to fear if it was just a few words of evaluation?

“Hiss, another Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate has emerged from the Lin Clan. Then, many years later, they would have another Heavenly Venerate.” Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“This is only Lord Lin Xiaoyang’s daughter. I heard that Lord Lin Luo has a daughter as well. Though she was born countless years after Lin Xiaoyang, her natural talent is not the slightest bit weak, either. Perhaps she, too, has long since become a Heavenly Venerate.”

“The strength of the Lin Clan… has reached an unimaginable height.”

He Yufeng also heard everyone’s words, and felt extremely embarrassed and angered, yet he did not have the slightest intention to refute what they were saying.

Indeed, compared with the Lin Clan, any other force was trash.

A Seventh Tier Heavenly Venerate, three Sixth Tier Heavenly Venerates—any one of them would be able to conquer more than half of the Genesis World.

If he truly became enemies with the Lin Clan, his old man would probably kill him with his own hands, and then bring his head as a token of apology to the Lin Clan.

“Dumb brat, now do you know that I am saving you?” the black donkey asked.

He Yufeng had to admit that it was indeed possible that the black donkey had resolved a danger for him, but using his hoof to step on his face was clearly a deliberate act to humiliate him—the donkey was completely capable of saying this nicely and politely, right?

“Brother Ling, please come with me. Father wishes to meet you.” Lin Piaoxue finally spoke, addressing Ling Han.

She ignored He Yufeng completely. Perhaps a mere Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate was not even worthy of her saying a few more words as far as she was concerned.

He Yufeng lowered his head, his heart filled with resentment.

This kind of disregard made him feel even worse than the black donkey humiliating him. However, he dared not resent Lin Piaoxue at all. The Lin Clan was a colossal force that he definitely could not afford to trifle with. Hence, he relocated all his hatred and fury onto Ling Han.

This was the real culprit.

He Yufeng was determined to kill Ling Han.

Ling Han first nodded at Lin Piaoxue, then looked towards He Yufeng, and said, “Lord He, what you have bestowed on me today, I will remember dearly. In the future, I will definitely repay you!”

This naturally was not repaying kindness, but seeking vengeance.

A mere Seventh Heaven!

He Yufeng clenched his fists tightly, but he naturally could not be bothered to argue with Ling Han. If a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate still had to argue, that would be too demeaning of him. He merely humphed, and said, “If I ever see you again, that will be the time of your death!”

Ling Han continued to express his thanks to the two Celestial Kings of the Wang Clan, and only then did he exit the abode with the large black dog.

“Come.”

Lin Piaoxue led the way, bringing Ling Han and the large black dog towards her vehicle. Shockingly, it was the carriage that was pulled by that yellow ox formed of Divine Metal!

Ling Han and the large black dog exchanged a look, and both of them thanked their good luck. Thankfully, they had not really gone off to knock out the owner secretly. Otherwise, they would have crashed into a steel plate, and would probably have been thrashed in return by now.

“Senior Donkey, is the matter of the Celestial King Graveyard already resolved?” Ling Han asked the black donkey. These days, Ling Han either would be cultivating in seclusion, or he would be concocting alchemical pills. He had not met the black donkey yet.

The black donkey shook his head. “That brat had run off really quickly. When Zhou Heng arrived, that place was already completely empty. Who knows where they had all run off to.”

Ling Han frowned. This was truly a lurking peril.

The process of advancing to the Pseudo-Heavenly Venerable Tier had been interrupted. This would definitely have serious effects. However, even if it was just Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings, with so many of them appearing at the same time, the destruction they could cause would also be incredibly frightening.

“Even if the sky fell down on us, there would be someone taller to hold it up. Just rest your worries and focus on cultivation. What is important now is to increase your strength as soon as possible,” the black donkey said.

Ling Han nodded. This time, He Yufeng had used his strength as a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate to bully Ling Han, so the latter was infuriated, but it also filled him with fighting spirit at the same time. He was eager to increase his strength.

The black donkey left, and Ling Han and the large black dog boarded the carriage.

“Celestial maiden Lin, hearing your words, your father wishes to help me advance my cultivation level?” Ling Han asked.

“Correct.” Lin Piaoxue nodded.

“Then, can I bring a few more people with me?” Ling Han immediately started bargaining. Who was Lin Xiaoyang? The son of a Seventh Tier Heavenly Venerate, and he himself was also a Sixth Tier Heavenly Venerate. When this kind of mighty figure said that he wanted to help Ling Han advance his cultivation level, it was definitely not just a joke. A good opportunity naturally could not be missed.

Lin Piaoxue was surprised, and after being taken aback for a moment, she said, “You may, but it is not everyone that can tolerate this kind of training.”

“Let’s give it a try.”

Ling Han invited the Rain Emperor. He naturally could not leave his brother out of this. Then, he also brought the Empress and Bewitching Maiden Rou with him. They were his wives. Additionally, the large black dog naturally would not be missing out on such benefits. Thus, the four people and one dog all rode in Lin Piaoxue’s carriage, setting off to the Lin Clan.

On the way there, since they had some idle time, Ling Han couldn’t help but ask, “Celestial maiden Lin has not enrolled into the martial academy?”

“No.” Though Lin Piaoxue had an astonishingly powerful background, she did not put on any airs at all. As gentle as water, she replied, “Actually, descendants of truly great clans would not be enrolling into the martial academy. When they have trained to a certain extent in the clan, they would be sent to battle in the Realm Battlefield. As long as they can survive, their future prospects will be quite good as well.”

Just like her?

Ling Han couldn’t help but perk up. He had already heard of a great many things regarding the Realm Battlefield. All of a sudden, he really wanted to take a look there.