Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

2681 Pool of Nine Deaths

“If you go to the Realm Battlefield now, it is still too soon,” Lin Piaoxue said seriously. “The cruelty of the Realm Battlefield far surpasses your imagination. You must make even more adequate preparations.”

Ling Han nodded, and made no further mention of the Realm Battlefield.

The carriage traveled very quickly. With a creature made of Divine Metal as horsepower, the speed was naturally amazing. It traveled from one spatial plane to the next, and they arrived at a mountain range over a dozen days later. After entering a specific doorway, the initially endless chain of mountains became even vaster, as if they had entered into a different world.

They all disembarked from the carriage, and the golden ox sprawled out lazily, appearing extremely relaxed.

The five of them strolled slowly onwards. There were structures on every mountain peak, and they could occasionally glimpse children laughing. They were not shy at all. Instead, they kept looking at Ling Han and the others, and the large black dog became the main focus of their attention. After all, it was extremely rare to see such a sleazy-looking dog wearing a pair of iron underwear.

“Aunt Xue, who are they?”

“Aunt Xue, you’re back!”

“Great-aunt Xue, did you bring any nice food for us?”

The children all gathered round, chattering excitedly.

Lin Piaoxue was as gentle as water. As she took out some things to distribute to these kids, she proceeded to make introductions for Ling Han and the others, about who this was, and who that was.

This was where the Lin Clan was, but it was not just the Lin Clan. It also included the relatives of the Lin Clan.

For example, Lin Piaoxue’s maternal relatives all lived here. The members of the Lin Clan numbered approximately in hundreds of thousands.

There were countless Celestial Kings in the Lin Clan, but there were only about 10 who had reached the Heavenly Venerable Tier, which was a pitifully small number.

With the guidance of a Seventh Tier Heavenly Venerate, the number of Heavenly Venerates was still that small. This showed just how hard it was to become a Heavenly Venerate.

Led by Lin Piaoxue, Ling Han met with Lin Xiaoyang.

This was the eldest son of Lin Luo, as well as the present clan leader of the Lin Clan. Lin Luo, meanwhile, was constantly standing guard in the Realm Battlefield. A Seventh Tier Heavenly Venerate was the main force in defense against Hysteria, so how could he possibly find the time to come back?

Lin Xiaoyang looked to be in his twenties. He was young and handsome, and had a slender build. He did not exude the slightest pressure, and looked as ordinary as any other person. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

This was what it truly meant to return to one’s true self.

“Greetings, Senior!” Ling Han bowed respectfully.

The Rain Emperor, Bewitching Maiden Rou, and the large black dog paid their respects as well, and even the Empress suppressed her pride, and curtsied slightly.

Lin Xiaoyang’s temperament was very similar to that of his daughter, nonchalant and calm, as if he could never get angry. He waved a hand dismissively, and said, “I have heard a lot about you. You are quite impressive. I, as well as Junior Brother Zhou, both have very great expectations of you.”

To think a Sixth Tier Heavenly Venerate would actually offer such high praise. If this was known to others, Ling Han would definitely become famous instantly.

“I am not the type that enjoys listening to pleasantries. If you wish to repay me, then advance your cultivation level as soon as possible,” Lin Xiaoyang said. “I have already opened the Pool of Nine Deaths for you. Piaoxue will bring all of you inside and explain how to use it.”

A Sixth Tier Heavenly Venerate was naturally very busy. Ling Han and the others all nodded. It was already very kind that Lin Xiaoyang had managed to find some time to meet with them.

Lin Piaoxue led them away, and they very soon arrived at a mountain peak. There was a pool at the summit, and it was emitting green-colored fog filled with herbal essence.

“This is the Pool of Nine Deaths,” Lin Piaoxue said.

Ling Han and the others were all surprised. This pool was filled with the aura of life, so it should be called the Pool of Life. Why would it be named the Pool of Nine Deaths instead?

Lin Piaoxue shook her head. “All creations of the heaven and earth are amazing. In extreme death, life would be nurtured, and in extreme life, a great killing intent would also be hidden.”

She paused. “At the bottom of this pool, there is a divine tree. It was the Origin of Wood that transcended Dao and rushed to the height of Ninth Heaven. Unfortunately, it garnered the jealousy of heaven and earth, and when it attempted to break through to the Heavenly Venerable Tier, it failed and died. The essence of the divine tree is abundant, and is a supremely valuable medicine, but when the divine tree died, it was struck by the lightning of heaven and earth, so a boundless killing intent is also concealed within it.

“Afterwards, this pool was further refined by our clan elder, who inserted a considerable number of Great Herbs. Along with the power of a Seventh Tier Heavenly Venerate, the herbal essence in it has become more and more amazing. However, at the same time, the killing intent concealed within has also become more and more violent.

“If you enter, there is only a very narrow chance of survival,” Lin Piaoxue said solemnly. “However, if you can survive the killing intent within the medicinal effects, the benefits will also be boundless.”

Ling Han looked towards the Empress, Bewitching Maiden Rou, and the Rain Emperor. The three of them nodded at him.

“Why do you not look at Grandpa Dog?” the large black dog howled. “Do you people think that Grandpa Dog is the type to be afraid of death?”

“We will remember this kindness deeply!” Ling Han and the others all said to Lin Piaoxue, ignoring the large black dog completely.

Lin Piaoxue nodded. “It is all for the sake of the world.”

With the strength of the Lin Clan, they actually no longer needed the gratitude of Ling Han and the others. Their motive was very simple: to oppose Hysteria.

“You can enter into the pool to cultivate, and I will stand guard for all of you,” she continued.

Ling Han and the others were not reserved at all as they entered into the pool.

Instantly, an extremely massive wave of life energy surged into their bodies, pushing their cultivation upwards quickly.

Splash! The large black dog also jumped in.

“Damn dog, you are already at the peak stage of the Ninth Heaven. What have you come down for?”

“I just want to absorb some nutrients. There’s nothing bad about having some more,” the large black dog answered shamelessly.

Everyone was already long accustomed to how shameless the large black dog could be, so they did not say anything else, but rather concentrated on absorbing the energy inside the pool waters.

But very quickly, their expressions changed.

This energy was too violent. At the beginning, they could still tolerate it, but it very soon became a destructive tsunami that was raging violently in their bodies, practically crushing their bodies with extreme force.

This was not just a feeling. Very soon, they discovered marks of blood appearing on their bodies. That was a sign that the blood vessels in their bodies had burst.

“You must stay a full day inside the pool, or not only would it not be beneficial at all, it would instead result in harm,” Lin Piaoxue said from the sidelines.

“F***, Grandpa Dog has been tricked. If I had known about this, I would not have come in!” the large black dog yowled. He was already at the peak stage of the Ninth Heaven, so it was impossible that he would improve any further. He was just too greedy, and could not bear to see others benefit while he could only watch from the sidelines. Thus, he very shamelessly came down with them, and as a result, he was suffering for nothing.

Ling Han and the others were all holding on with gritted teeth, continuously absorbing the medicinal effects, and turning them into progress for their cultivation level.

After a day, the four people and one dog hurriedly leaped out, all of them panting endlessly, especially the large black dog. He was even tearing up.

“Come, attack me,” Lin Piaoxue said. “You guys need to move about to activate the medicinal effects completely. Otherwise, this kind of violent medicinal effect will accumulate in your bodies, and exert a very strong effect on you.”

The four humans and one dog exchanged looks, and all of them moved, launching an offensive towards Lin Piaoxue.

Though she looked unearthly, she was a dignified, great Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate. If she really became serious, she would not need too many moves to wipe them all out.

Now, it was just to help Ling Han and the others move around for a bit, so Lin Piaoxue naturally would not go all out. Instead, she used herself as a target, and no matter how the five great elites ganged up on her, she merely dispersed their attacks, and would not counter.

They fought for a whole 10 days before she finally called a halt.

Ling Han and the others inspected themselves, and discovered that their cultivation level had actually progressed slightly.

It was really a very tiny, small step forwards, and was a little negligible. However, to have such progress in just 10 days was extremely shocking.