Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

2682 Peak of the Eighth Heaven

The medicinal effects had been refined, and the next step would be to enter into the Pool of Nine Deaths again to absorb some more.

However, the facial expressions of the four people and one dog were extremely ugly.

One couldn’t just look at the exhilaration brought about by the increase in cultivation level—it was also extremely painful. They felt like they were almost about to collapse; no one would wish to experience it for a second time.

Moreover, the Pool of Nine Deaths wasn’t simply an exaggeration; a moment of carelessness would really cause death.

Ling Han jumped in first. Needless to say, just thinking about He Yufeng’s overbearing and domineering expression gave Ling Han endless motivation to trample on this bastard.

This required strength, and the Pool of Nine Deaths would be able to give him strength.

So what if he had to go through pain?

After Ling Han, the Rain Emperor entered the pool without the slightest hesitation, followed by the Empress. She might be extremely tsundere, but her heart’s desire to pursue strength was also extremely tenacious. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Bewitching Maiden Rou hesitated. She really wanted to be strong, but the thought of the pain she had endured before made her back down.

The increase in cultivation level… There was no hurry, since there would always be Ling Han anyway.

The large black dog was determined not to go into the pool. He had already been deceived once, so he definitely wouldn’t want to go through it again.

Lin Piaoxue then said, “Although you are at the peak of the Ninth Heaven, this Pool of Nine Deaths will still do you good. It can enhance your battle prowess and make it more refined.”

The large black dog grimaced, but after considering it for quite some time, he eventually entered the pool again.

“It hurts Grandpa Dog to death, what kind of sin has Grandpa Dog committed!” he cried out loudly.

Lin Piaoxue was utterly speechless. How could there be such a shameless guy? If you couldn’t bear it, then you could choose not to enter, and yet after you entered the pool, you still kept screaming like a banshee. It really made one speechless.

Everyone absorbed the medicinal effects for one day, and then used the next 10 days to refine the medicinal effects. Their cultivation soared.

Half a year, one year, 10 years… Time flew.

After more than 30 years, Lin Piaoxue stopped keeping watch over them because she found that the three people and one dog not only had great perseverance, but also top-notch strength and natural talent, and could completely withstand being washed by the medicinal effects. Furthermore, the group of four including Ling Han could also battle one another to refine the medicinal effects, and no longer needed her to keep watch over them all the time.

She was a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate; it was already enough that she had stood guard over them for more than 30 years.

Ling Han and the others continued to cultivate, enduring the suffering inflicted upon their bodies, and marching forward despite going through extreme difficulties.

During this period, the four of them had experienced several dangerous obstacles which nearly cost them their lives. Fortunately, their willpower was extremely strong, and they survived.

100 years, 1,000 years, 10,000 years, and finally 700,000 years had passed in the blink of an eye. Ling Han had reached the peak of the Seventh Heaven, and was qualified to charge towards the Eighth Heaven.

There was no need to temper his foundations any longer, as the four were experiencing life and death situations on a daily basis, so their foundations were naturally solid. There was also no need to have a trigger for their breakthrough, as they were engaging in battles almost every day. Moreover, their Evolution Index was either 11 or 12, so breaking through was naturally something that was only a matter of course.

Ling Han took his leave first—he was to go through his tribulation.

His Eight-Heaven tribulation already possessed the power of the peak of the Ninth Heaven, but this was basically the limit. When Ling Han broke through to the Ninth Heaven in the future, the tribulation that he would go through might only be at this level. Even if the might of the tribulation would be slightly greater than this, there was no way it would be much greater.

Kuang!

Heaven and earth exhibited its power to stop Ling Han from going one step further.

However, since Ling Han had cultivated the Indestructible Celestial King Physique to Great Accomplishment’s level, his physique was only slightly worse off than Divine Metal. Heavenly tribulation could strike him until he was drenched in blood, but that would be about it—it wouldn’t be able to go any further.

One day later, the heavenly tribulation dissipated.

Yet Ling Han did not show any sign of relaxing. Even at the Eighth Heaven, he was still unable to contend with a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate, so he still needed to continue improving.

Back at the Pool of Nine Deaths, Ling Han buried himself in cultivation.

Hundreds of thousands of years later, the Empress and the Rain Emperor broke through respectively.

Time flew. 7,000,000 years later, Ling Han had advanced his cultivation to the peak of the Eighth Heaven, but he had encountered a bottleneck, and was unable to push through the doors to reach the Ninth Heaven.

On the contrary, the Empress and the Rain Emperor were making great progress, and they were about to catch up to him in cultivation level.

“Little Han, Ninth Heaven is the limit of the Regulations. This level is not so easy to break through,” the large black dog said. “You need to experience the world and understand the Regulations before you can take this final step.”

Ling Han nodded. Monarch Stars would be able to enter the Ninth Heaven without any difficulty, but this did not mean that he could watch his cultivation level soar just by sitting still.

One would still need to go through the necessary route, and the required process could not be dispensed with.

It was just that for some people, even if they were to take such a route, they might never be able to reach the end, and yet Ling Han could not only walk smoothly, but also reach the end very quickly.

“Grandpa Dog is almost finished here. It’s time for us brothers to go out. Brat, when you reach the Ninth Heaven, you will probably be able to battle even Pseudo-Heavenly Venerates,” the large black dog roared. “Defeat that little bastard He Yufeng. He has only entered the Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate Realm slightly earlier, there’s nothing great about it.”

Ling Han nodded, and decided to leave with the large black dog first, whereas the Empress, Bewitching Maiden Rou, and the Rain Emperor would continue with their cultivation here.

Bewitching Maiden Rou would occasionally enter the Pool of Nine Deaths for cultivation, but the time that she spent entering once was enough for the others to enter more than a dozen times, so the increase in her cultivation level was far from that of Ling Han and the others.

The Empress and the others agreed that Ling Han and the large black dog would leave and return to the martial academy first.

After more than 10 days of traveling in haste, the duo returned to the martial academy.

In the blink of an eye, more than 7,000,000 years had passed, and the great commotion caused by Ling Han previously had naturally subsided a long time ago. However, when people occasionally noted the names of Zhang San or Li Si on the Eternal Stone, it would make people lament that there had once been an extremely impressive character with the cultivation level of Seventh Heaven who had injured a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate within the martial academy.

Of course, if not for the people who were present at that time, most of the others would still doubt the incident’s authenticity. How could a Seventh Heaven Celestial King hurt a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate?

Ling Han and the large black dog were very low-key, and quietly entered the martial academy without attracting anyone’s attention. However, the martial academy was only so big, and no matter how low-key the team of one person and one dog was, they were still noticed, and this soon caused a wave within the martial academy.

However, the grand event that everyone had anticipated, for Ling Han to battle against He Yufeng once again, did not take place, as He Yufeng had left the martial academy millions of years ago already, and it was said that he had gone to the Realm Battlefield.

He Yufeng had naturally been aggravated, but it was definitely not because of Ling Han. No matter how freakish a Seventh Heaven Celestial King was, it wouldn’t make him have a sense of urgency. Rather, it was due to Lin Piaoxue, who was also a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate. He Yufeng felt incomparably small in front of Lin Piaoxue, which prompted him to firmly resolve himself to go to the Realm Battlefield, seeking to improve his battle prowess through bloody battles.

“That bastard should consider himself lucky, otherwise Grandpa Dog would surely beat him to death!” the large black dog shouted… after he breathed out a sigh of relief.

Ling Han shook his head. “Although our strength has improved by leaps and bounds, it is still impossible to overcome the obstacle that is the Pseudo-Heavenly Venerable Tier. We are definitely not He Yufeng’s match.”

At that time, Ling Han had used two Heavenly Venerate Techniques at the same time at the cost of injuring himself, but it had merely caused He Yufeng to sustain a slight injury and bleed a little. Given that he had now advanced his cultivation level to the next level, He Yufeng would be slightly more injured at most. Furthermore, He Yufeng had taken the blow because he had been afraid of losing face at the time, while he could have dodged it completely in reality.

If Ling Han was to fight He Yufeng again, would the other party still be limited by an agreement of 10 moves?

“However, as long as I can make it to Ninth Heaven!” Ling Han’s eyes flashed with cold light. At that time, he would have no fear of even a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate.