Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

2683 Divine Demon Sword undergoes tribulation

Ling Han believed that when he reached the Ninth Heaven, he would have the strength to battle against a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate. This was because he had been tempered by Void Particle Energy all this while. In fact, he had long been a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate, but it was unknown how large the gap in strength between him as a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate and a real Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate was.

However, once Ling Han entered the Ninth Heaven, and he wouldn’t even need to reach the peak, he would then truly be able to stand on the same level as a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate.

And should he reach the peak of the Ninth Heaven, then he would become a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate through and through, with the ability to absolutely crush other Pseudo-Heavenly Venerates.

Why was this?

!!

This was because other Pseudo-Heavenly Venerates used the unique power of heaven and earth to temper their bodies, but Ling Han used Void Particle Energy!

Void Particle Energy was one of the six fundamental powers of the Genesis World, and was naturally more powerful than the said unique power.

This was superiority in terms of quality.

The problem now was that Ling Han had to break through to the Ninth Heaven first.

Soon, a visitor from the Wang Clan arrived again.

It was still Wang Yangming, who continued to cooperate with Ling Han on behalf of the Wang Clan. After millions of years, the Wang Clan had collected sufficient Divine Metal.

“You, you actually broke through to the Eighth Heaven?” Wang Yangming was stunned. He knew that Ling Han was extremely freakish, and his strength was so powerful that he could even injure a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate, but now this guy advanced from the Seventh Heaven to the Eighth Heaven within 10,000,000 years? This speed was indeed overwhelming.

Ling Han nodded, and didn’t say that he had actually reached the peak of the Eighth Heaven, and was only one step away from breaking through to the Ninth Heaven. What he lacked now was just an opportunity.

The two chatted for a while; Ling Han once again expressed his gratitude to the Wang Clan, while Wang Yangming also expressed his hope to have a deeper cooperation with Ling Han and to forge a deeper relationship, for example by marrying a certain little princess of their clan, causing Ling Han’s face to involuntarily darken.

‘Damn, it has been so long ago, but the Wang Clan still hasn’t forgotten about it.’

After Wang Yangming left, Ling Han began to upgrade the Divine Demon Sword.

This time round, the Wang Clan had sent over a dozen pieces of Divine Metal in one go, which should be enough for the Divine Demon Sword to advance to the next level.

After learning that news, the large black dog was also very excited, and ran over to witness the event.

As Ling Han took out the Divine Demon Sword, the Devouring Metal activated instinctively, and it immediately began to devour the Divine Metal. In the face of Devouring Metal, as tough as Divine Metal was, it could only be easily swallowed, and as the essence in it was completely extracted, it turned into dust.

One piece, two pieces, three pieces… As more and more Divine Metal was swallowed by the Divine Demon Sword, this Celestial Tool exuded a blazing light, and ancient characters started to appear, but they could not be deciphered.

“Little Han, don’t miss out a single word!” The large black dog opened his eyes wide. “This is the Heavenly Venerable Seals, a language that only Heavenly Venerates can understand, and it can communicate with the fundamental power of the Genesis World. However, the Heavenly Venerates can understand it, but can’t manifest it. Only when Devouring Metal is upgraded to the Heavenly Venerable Tier will it stimulate the heaven and earth, which will manifest these supreme characters.”

Ling Han hurriedly widened his eyes with rapt attention. He quickly discovered that the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll’s contents that he had seen on the Black Tower were somewhat similar to these characters, but they were far less complicated and profound.

The Heavenly Venerates naturally had a glimpse of the essence of the Genesis World, and the amazing techniques which they created might be a different approach leading to the same desired effect. It was just that Karmic Life Heavenly Venerable had merely taken only one step, after all, so at most he would have gotten insight into some kind of fundamental power of the Celestial Realm, so the technique which he had created was not as profound as this.

But thanks to this, the Karmic Life Heavenly Venerable could pass down the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll; otherwise, even a Heavenly Venerate wouldn’t be able to write it down!

Ling Han couldn’t understand it at all, but he gained a lot of insight because he realized that as long as such characters floated in his mind, the efficiency of the Void Particle Energy within him increased many times over.

It originally took 1,000 years to sense and extract a Void Particle, but now it would only take… 10 years!

It had actually increased by a hundredfold—this was mighty amazing indeed.

Ling Han was overjoyed at the unexpected turn of events. Even if these characters of the Heavenly Venerate had no other effect, and just improved his ability to sense a Void Particle, it was already enough.

Boom!

The Divine Demon Sword suddenly released immeasurable celestial light, tearing the sky apart.

The surging of thunderclouds could be seen, and the heavenly tribulation was quickly taking shape.

“Little Han, run quickly, a Heavenly Venerate Tool will face a tribulation, and with our strength, staying nearby is courting death.” The large black dog quickly grabbed Ling Han and ran, his face turning white with fright.

Ling Han didn’t dare to hesitate, and immediately ran after him. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Xiu, the Divine Demon Sword shot straight into the sky, facing the heavenly tribulation.

There were bursts of lightning, falling towards the Divine Demon Sword one after another, very close in timing and extremely terrifying.

“Thousand instances of tempering, surpassing the level of Divine Metal!” The large black dog sighed. “In the past, Grandpa Dog has seen the Karmic Life Heavenly Venerable refine the Tower of Three Realms, but at that time, the lord became a Heavenly Venerate, so he could help the Tower of Three Realms fight against the heavenly tribulation together, but now it is all up to the Divine Demon Sword itself.

“If it can survive, it will truly transcend. Failing, it will turn into dust.”

Ling Han said nothing; he just looked up at the sky with a firm resolve in his eyes.

Ling Han believed that the Divine Demon Sword would definitely be able to survive because it was a precious tool that he had refined himself. With it following him all the way for so many years, his character had been completely integrated into it; hence, the more setbacks it encountered, the stronger it would become.

A Heavenly Venerate Tool was facing tribulation, so the commotion was so great that the entire martial academy was alerted. Even the two Heavenly Venerates who were in charge also opened their eyes and looked into the sky. The layers of bricks and tiles could not block their vision.

“There is going to be another new Heavenly Venerate Tool emerging.”

“That’s strange, there is no third Heavenly Venerate here.”

“Could it be that this Heavenly Venerate Tool was actually refined by a Celestial King?”

“How daring, are they not fearful of the ruthless heavenly tribulation blasting the core of the precious tool to smithereens, leaving nothing?”

The two Heavenly Venerates sighed, and then withdrew their gazes. They were veteran Heavenly Venerates. Naturally, they had already refined Heavenly Venerate Tools in their own realms, and would not have any ideas about the Divine Demon Sword.

Of course, had it not been for the fight against Hysteria, which made all the Heavenly Venerates put aside their prejudices and come together, then they would definitely have taken action to snatch the sword. Who would think that having another Heavenly Venerate Tool would be too much?

One day later, the heavenly tribulation dissipated.

Pa, the Divine Demon Sword fell from the sky, with only one-third of the blade remaining, and the whole thing appeared dull and dim.

“Sure enough, without the master’s support, it couldn’t survive!” The two Heavenly Venerates opened their eyes again, and shook their heads.

Others in the martial academy had also witnessed it. Even if not all of them recognized this to be a Heavenly Venerate Tool facing tribulation, they were also thinking that the Divine Demon Sword had failed to ascend to the next level, and naturally no longer paid any attention to it.

This world had always been like this: only the successful would be famous for an eternity, while losers would only be immediately swept into the dust of history.

The Divine Demon Sword fell and landed beside Ling Han’s feet, the whole blade appearing dull and having lost all its consciousness.

“It actually failed!” The large black dog was filled with disappointment. He had been looking forward to the advancement of the Divine Demon Sword, and that it would suppress Heavenborn in the future, releasing the spirit of the Karmic Life Heavenly Venerable. This had already become his obsession, but now that Divine Demon Sword failed to advance to the next level, it naturally made him extremely disappointed.

Ling Han bent down, picked up the Divine Demon Sword, and shook his head, saying, “I don’t believe it would fail!”

He possessed such confidence. First, it was because the heavenly tribulation had lasted for a whole day, so the Divine Demon Sword had indeed survived the heavenly tribulation. Second, this was something that was integrated with his martial intent, his firm and indomitable conviction, so how could it fail?