Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

2685 Old debts

A while later, Ling Han came out to open the doors.

“Ling Han, I am of the Yun—”

Peng!

The unfortunate Yun Aokong spoke just a few words before being knocked out again.

Three days later, he slowly came to for the third time.

His first reaction was to kill Ling Han, and he was going to swallow and skin him alive at that, but remembering how he had been knocked out three times in a row, he finally woke up to reality. Ling Han was a great man who dared to oppose even a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate.

Actually, he had not believed in this kind of “rumor.” For a Seventh Heaven Celestial King to be capable of wounding a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate, wasn’t that the greatest joke in the world?

But now, he was starting to believe it. At the very least, this guy’s courage was indeed astonishingly great.

With such thoughts, Yun Aokong had finally learned his lesson, and knocked cautiously on the doors.

The doors opened, and Ling Han appeared.

“I am Yun Aokong. Greetings, Senior Brother Ling!” Yun Aokong corrected his attitude and bowed towards Ling Han with his fists clasped together.

He was feeling uneasy. He wouldn’t be knocked out with one strike again, would he? He had already been traumatized.

In the end, Ling Han made no further move. After these few times, this young man finally understood the meaning of rules and how to respect others. He asked, “What is it?”

Yun Aokong’s mouth twitched a bit. He had been knocked out three times, and finally managed to get a chance to speak seriously. It had truly been very difficult.

Thinking of his business here, his arrogance returned. “I have come on behalf of the Yun Clan to ask Senior Brother Ling to concoct alchemical pills for us for 100,000,000 years for free!”

Pa! His words had just fallen, and he was once again knocked out cleanly by Ling Han.

Ling Han gritted his teeth. Even if they came to him, bearing various kinds of natural treasures, concocting alchemical pills would still be up to his mood at the time. Had every single member in this Yun Clan had their heads kicked by a donkey? They actually demanded that he concoct alchemical pills for them for 100,000,000 years for free?

F***, idiots.

At present, he no longer needed Divine Metal. What he needed was ingredients that could help boost his physique to the level of Indestructible Divine Metal Physique. These might not be as valuable as Divine Metal, but they were strange and rare, and the difficulty level of obtaining such materials had increased several hundred times over.

He had asked the Wang Clan to search on his behalf, but it was possible that he would not be able to collect all of them even after several hundred million years.

Thus, even if the Yun Clan had come with Divine Metal as well, he would not give them any regard, what more when they were demanding that he do it for free.

Did they think he was stupid?

This time, Ling Han’s force was considerably stronger because Yun Aokong only regained consciousness after seven days. Shaking his head, he raised a hand to rub his head, and his expression became livid.

By now, his head was as swollen as a pumpkin.

“Ling, Han!” He forced out through gritted teeth, but he hadn’t said all he had come to say. There was no way he would return just like this, so he could only knock on the doors again.

The doors opened to reveal Ling Han.

“Don’t move. Let me finish my words!” Yun Aokong hurriedly exclaimed, and even used his arms to protect his head. He was really traumatized by the repeated strikes. Seeing how Ling Han had not hit him, he hurriedly exclaimed, “Don’t think that our Yun Clan has gone too far. Our grand elder has said that you should not forget that the Celestial King Graveyard was destroyed on your account.”

Ling Han was slightly taken aback before realization immediately dawned on him.

When he came back to report the matter of Desolate Moon’s conspiracy, causing Zhou Heng to step in and forcefully destroy the Celestial King Graveyard, only a limited few people had managed to leave alive. That was because the majority of them had already been affected by the black Qi, which was Hysteria’s willpower, so they could only be killed. Vissit novelbin(.)c.𝒐m for updates

Actually, he had done them a great service. Otherwise, if tens of thousands of Pseudo-Heavenly Venerates appeared, who knew what kind of frightening damage would be caused. However, some forces thought that it was Ling Han who had cut off one of their sources of income.

…Ascending Dragon Pill.

Outside, no one dared to sell Ascending Dragon Pills openly, because this thing was really too filthy. It was formed by being irrigated with the blood and flesh of Celestial Kings, but these great forces could use it to boost the strength of their own clansmen. When they were all strong, they naturally had a greater say in things, and could then earn even more profits.

For the sake of this, they had even sent their own clansmen there, and one example was the Azure Ghost Celestial King.

But with the “trouble” caused by Ling Han, the Celestial King Graveyard was completely gone, which naturally cut off the supply of Ascending Dragon Pills as well. It was definite that a great many forces would be angered by this.

The Yun Clan was the first to seek him out for a reckoning.

They could not demand compensation from Ling Han directly. After all, the matter of the Celestial King Graveyard could not be discussed openly. Thankfully, Ling Han was also a great alchemist, so they had gotten the idea to demand him to concoct alchemical pills for them for 100,000,000 years for free.

“How truly delusional!”

Pa! Ling Han knocked Yun Aokong out with another smack.

Nine days later, Yun Aokong finally regained consciousness. This time, he did not knock on the doors again, but rather turned and left.

He had finally said all he had come to say. Since Ling Han was being so stubborn, he’d just wait to meet the fury of the Yun Clan.

However, just to say these few simple words, Yun Aokong had actually been knocked out five times. Just the thought of it depressed him, and he was cursing Ling Han half to death in his heart.

After Yun Aokong left, another few people paid Ling Han a visit. They either were polite, or would be threatening. However, all they said was more or less the same, and that was demanding that he compensate them for the losses incurred due to the destruction of the Celestial King Graveyard by concocting alchemical pills for them for free.

Ling Han naturally ignored all of them. Be it beating them up or chasing them away, he did all of it. If it were not for the fact that it was not proper to kill people in the martial academy, he really would rather be merciless so that he could finally get some peace.

After Yun Aokong and the others returned and described Ling Han’s attitude, it naturally garnered the great displeasure of the various great forces.

As they saw it, Ling Han had ruined the Celestial King Graveyard, and now he was actually going to slip away, forgetting the matter entirely?

How could there be such a good thing in this world!

Not long after, a great many Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings entered into the martial academy, planning to deal with Ling Han.

As for the Heavenly Venerates?

All the Heavenly Venerates had gone to the Realm Battlefield as per their agreement. They could only return for a period of rest after battling countless years. Thus, whether you were a Third Tier, Fourth Tier, or Fifth Tier Heavenly Venerate force, there was no way you could ask for the interference of a Heavenly Venerate. Moreover, what kind of big deal was this? To ask a Third Tier or Fourth Tier Heavenly Venerate to interfere just to deal with a Seventh Heaven Celestial King?

…Naturally, they did not know that Ling Han had already advanced to the Eighth Heaven.

When Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings moved, as long as there were enough of them, they could even oppose a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate, so suppressing a puny Seventh Heaven Celestial King was naturally no issue.

Inside the abode.

Ling Han breathed out a long sigh of relief. He spread open his hand, and a small sword lay in his palm. It really was very small, not even half an inch long, but though it might look small, it emanated a frightening aura, and even Heavenly Venerates would be moved.

A Heavenly Venerate Tool!

With Ling Han’s nurturing, the Divine Demon Sword had already recovered to the present size from its initial size of a point. It was growing up just like a child.

Peng, peng, peng! Right at this moment, a knock rang out from the doors again.

Ling Han sighed. Was he really too amicable, and that was why people kept coming to cause trouble for him?

He stood up, and the Divine Demon Sword was also immediately covered with rust. Its size rapidly grew. These bits of metal had all fallen off the Divine Demon Sword, so they had a certain level of nurturing effects as well.

He went out to open the doors. Amazing, there were actually over 30 Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings standing at his doorway. All of them had unleashed their auras, having absolutely no reservations.

Aside from them, there were also young people like Yun Aokong. They, on the other hand, were standing very far away, all of them crossing their arms over their chests, and looking coldly at Ling Han. They wanted nothing more than to watch Ling Han be stomped into the ground, because they were all victims, and had suffered before in Ling Han’s hands.

“Ling Han, you are truly outrageously bold. You still refuse to confess your crimes after causing such great trouble?” a Ninth Heaven Celestial King spoke up in rebuke, directly finalizing Ling Han’s crime.

Ling Han smiled slightly. “It is best not to expose the matter of the Celestial King Graveyard. If you guys get lost now, I will not be bothered to drop to the same level as you guys, either. Otherwise, do not blame me for being ruthless!”