Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

2686 Surrounded

The Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings would naturally not take this kind of threat seriously. To say nothing of the fact that Ling Han was only a “Seventh Heaven,” even if he was a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate, so what? About 10 of them working together would be able to block him, and when more than 30 peak-stage Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings moved at the same time, even a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate would shudder a bit.

“This brat is unreasonable; looks like we can only take him down.”

“That’s right. Take him down. If we do not teach this kind of person a good lesson, it will damage the prestige of the martial academy!”

“We cannot allow a bad apple like this to ruin the image of the martial academy!”

These Celestial Kings all showed their ugliness here. Regulations were being channeled, and they were about to make their move.

They were arrogant enough to actually make a move in full public in the martial academy?

They were unafraid, because they all had the backing of Heavenly Venerates, and they had long since given prior notice to the two Heavenly Venerates that were presently overlooking the martial academy. It was fine as long as Ling Han returned to the martial academy unharmed at the end.

Of course, that was the bottom line as well. If disciples were injured under their watch, that would be truly inexcusable as well. It was not an assault from Hysteria, after all.

Ling Han’s eyes swept over them, and he said, “Aside from those kids behind you, you all don’t belong to the martial academy. Am I right?”

“So what about it?” these Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings all responded disdainfully.

Ling Han revealed a grin filled with killing intent. “In that case, it will be fine even if I kill all of you.”

“How dare you!!” these Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings all rebuked coldly.

A Seventh Heaven Celestial King actually dared declare that he would kill all of them. They really had no idea where he got his courage from.

“Ling Han, do you need help?” Du Shiyi’s voice rang out. He stood proudly in midair, making no move to conceal his peak-stage-Ninth-Heaven aura. Who knew how much stronger he was than other Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings.

It was extremely possible that his Evolution Index had already reached 12.

“Hehe, if you do, I do not mind interfering, either.” Can Yue also appeared. He crossed his arms over his chest, his eyes turning red. His killing intent seemed to have already been ignited.

“I am here as well.” A’mu appeared at another side.

The three great big shots appeared at the same time, and they all seemed very unconcerned. They did not take these Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings to heart at all.

Ling Han laughed, and said, “Thank you. However, they are just some trash. I am more afraid that there are not enough of them for me to kill.”

‘Damn!’

Those Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings were all fuming with rage. It was one thing that A’mu and company were so domineering. They were all famous freaks, and it was publicly acknowledged that they were capable of becoming Heavenly Venerates. The only question was just how much time they needed. But who did Ling Han think he was? He was nothing but a Seventh Heaven Celestial King.

Did he think that just because he managed to make He Yufeng bleed, he was already a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate himself?

No way!

“Brat, let me teach you the proper way to behave!” A Ninth Heaven Celestial King jumped out, and then grabbed out at Ling Han.

This strike was extremely direct, using the Ninth Heaven Celestial King’s cultivation level to overwhelm Ling Han.

There were Nine Heavens in the Celestial King Tier, every single step forwards as difficult as ascending the heavens. Cultivation level was the greatest advantage a Celestial King could have because the Regulations they could extract at different cultivation levels were completely different.

Ling Han stood motionlessly, and waited until the assault of this Ninth Heaven Celestial King almost reached him before he finally threw a punch.

But when this fist moved, it was as fast as a streak of light.

Peng!

His fist pierced through his opponent’s offensive, the force of the punch penetrating deeply. And when the expression of that Celestial King changed dramatically, the force of the blow had already reached him. With crushing power, he was instantly sent flying.

“Wa!” That Celestial King collapsed onto the ground, throwing up blood continuously.

Instantly, a dead silence fell.

‘What’s going on?

A Seventh Heaven Celestial King actually punched so hard that it caused a Ninth Heaven Celestial King to throw up blood?

“Eighth Heaven!” When Ling Han moved, eight ribbons of iridescent light immediately appeared around him.

“Not even 10,000,000 years have passed, and he has already advanced from the Seventh Heaven to Eighth Heaven.”

“He truly is a freak!”

“But even if he is an Eighth Heaven Celestial King, to defeat a Ninth Heaven Celestial King with a single punch… This is really too inconceivable.”

The expressions of those Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings all changed drastically. They had never imagined that Ling Han was actually so powerful.

This was a Ninth Heaven Celestial King!

It was extremely hard to break through to the Ninth Heaven. No matter how freakish Ling Han was, he would also be stuck at the Ninth Heaven for a period of time, and after he crossed this threshold, his strength would also spike. Thus, there were definitely no weaklings among those who could advance to the Ninth Heaven. They were all elites that had reached the standards required.

Even such big shots like A’mu and Du Shiyi would only be able to oppose four to five Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings at the same time.

How could Ling Han be so strong?

A’mu and the other big shots all showed hints of surprise. The present Ling Han was already completely equipped with the qualifications to stand against them. Then, wouldn’t Ling Han be able to suppress them once he broke through?

Just how was this brat cultivating?

The reason was very simple. That was because Ling Han was using Void Particle Energy to temper himself. He was technically a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate himself, but he was still limited to the Eighth Heaven. It naturally was no issue for him to match a peak-stage Ninth Heaven Celestial King.

At this moment, all the Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings felt grim. They finally knew that it was not because Ling Han enjoyed boasting that he dared to say such a thing, but rather that he really did have the strength, and this strength reached a level far beyond anyone’s imagination. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“There is no need to worry. There are more than 30 peak-stage Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings here. As long as we all work together, it is still a small matter for us to take this brat down,” a Ninth Heaven Celestial King of the Yun Clan said.

“That’s right.” More Celestial Kings nodded. An Eighth Heaven Celestial King was only just an Eighth Heaven Celestial King. Faced with a force like them, even a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate would have to take a few steps back.

Ling Han took a deep breath, and said evenly, “Today, I will use the heads of Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings like you to establish my reputation. I truly would like to see if there would be others that would dare to stretch out their paws towards me in future!”

“Shameless talk.” All the Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings were exploding with fury.

Ling Han did not waste any more words. He moved.

Peng! Exerting force from his feet, he stomped on the ground, and his whole person instantly shot into the skies at an extraordinary speed.

“Don’t even think of running!” All the Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings hurriedly set off in hot pursuit, fearing that Ling Han would escape.

Ling Han was all alone, but there were many Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings. It was definitely impossible that they all had the same speed. Furthermore, to prevent Ling Han from escaping, the faster Celestial Kings would naturally race out at full speed, not daring to hold the slightest bit back. In this manner, the over 30 Celestial Kings instantly became a long line of people.

It was at this moment that Ling Han suddenly made an about-turn.

He suddenly halted, and then charged back downwards, his fists waving furiously.

The Nine Transformations Divine Scroll was already being channeled, and with the present force of Ling Han’s fists, even a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate would have to sustain considerable injury if they were hit.

How could the foremost Celestial King expect that Ling Han would actually dare to turn around and charge back towards them? He did not have any time to dodge at all. He hurriedly concentrated all his power into his hands, which were wrapped with great dao as he rushed forth to meet Ling Han’s incoming offensive.

Peng!

They exchanged blows once, and it was visible that the hands of that Celestial King had instantly been crushed from the impact, turning into shreds of blood and flesh that flew in all directions. Moreover, his skin was rippling like the waves of water. Peng, peng, peng! His arms looked like they were each an open umbrella, leaving behind only a skeletal frame as blood and flesh were flying out from the impact in an arc.

“Ah!” That Celestial King screamed out in pain. This injury was really too serious.

And with this delay, the other Celestial Kings also caught up, and they all directed their respective attacks at Ling Han.

Ling Han couldn’t help but sigh. He was only at the Eighth Heaven, after all, and was not a genuine Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate. Even if he had prepared for this attack fully and carefully, he had only caused serious injury to his target, but could not kill him with a single punch.