Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

2693 Fighting a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate

For an Eighth Heaven Celestial King to speak as equals with a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate was slightly unimaginable. Ling Han really had a puffed up opinion of himself, didn’t he?

But this Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate of the Yun Clan merely smiled slightly, and was not the slightest bit angered. He replied, “My name is Yun Haoyang.”

“Good name.” Ling Han nodded.

“Little guy, you are indeed considerably freakish, being able to suppress peak-stage Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings when you yourself are only in the Eighth Heaven. Perhaps your glory can dazzle the ages. Even among those lords Seventh Tier Heavenly Venerates from before, there are only a very few that can be considered your equal.” Yun Haoyang made a very high assessment of Ling Han.

“But you should understand that Celestial Kings are only Celestial Kings in the end. In front of a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate, they are merely trash.”

When he spoke this last line, his brilliance was on full display, emanating a radiance that was similar to a supreme Divine Sword, so intimidating that it was suffocating.

“Then let us battle!” Ling Han was filled with a heroic spirit as he charged towards Yun Haoyang, sword in hand.

“Humph, do you really think that you can defy all rules?” Yun Haoyang sneered. With a flash of his figure, he, too, moved extraordinarily quickly.

What was the Pseudo-Heavenly Venerable Tier?

That was to use that unique power of heaven and earth to temper own body, and possess astonishing Body Art apart from Regulations. In fact, this had even surpassed the level of Regulations. When there came a day that not only could they use this power to temper their bodies, they could even extract and use it directly, they would then no longer be a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate, but rather a genuine Heavenly Venerate.

A Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate was an existence that lay between the Celestial King Tier and Heavenly Venerable Tier.

Ling Han had used Void Particle Energy to temper his body, so his body was definitely stronger than that of the average Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate, but with him being limited by his cultivation level, it was impossible that he could truly become a match for a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate.

This was a qualitative difference. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Yun Haoyang moved. He was even faster than Ling Han, and stronger as well. As he threw a punch, the force of his blow multiplied fold after fold, causing Ling Han’s speed to rapidly decrease. Then, Ling Han stopped and retreated, speeding up, and peng! He was punched down to the ground, causing a loud bang to sound out from the ground as dust flew everywhere.

Peng! Ling Han shot out from beneath the ground, his clothing covered with dirt and mud, as well as blood. Even his skin had cracked open.

The attack of a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate was indeed domineering. Even if Ling Han had improved further since the time he had faced off against He Yufeng, taking the strike of a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate head-on still caused him to take a slight loss. Thankfully, this was only a small loss. It had only caused him some flesh injury, and had not damaged his bones or touched his core at all.

“En, indeed, amazing physique!” Yun Haoyang nodded. He was certain that even if his body had been tempered by that unique power of heaven and earth, he still could not compare to Ling Han’s physique. The latter had to have cultivated some kind of secret technique, and that was why he could boost the toughness of his physique to this kind of height.

Ling Han patted away the dirt that covered him, and said, “The power of a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate is indeed great, but if Brother Yun’s battle prowess is only limited to this, hehe!”

This kind of battle prowess was indeed superior to Ling Han’s, but it was impossible that Yun Haoyang could use this kind of battle prowess to suppress Ling Han completely.

“Then I shall show you the power of a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate.” Yun Haoyang moved again. It was a very simple move, just a simple punch. However, great dao moved with his blow, and boosted with frightening power, it was a magnificent strike that would spark terror even in Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings.

Ling Han moved, sword in hand. Shua! With a slash, this force was instantly cut by his sword, sliding past on either side of him.

A Heavenly Venerate Tool was indestructible.

“Good!” Yun Haoyang showed a hint of admiration. “As expected of a Heavenly Venerate Tool. It is clear that it has only advanced into this threshold in terms of quality, and cannot be considered a genuine Heavenly Venerate Tool yet, but it can break apart even my assault. It is truly extraordinary.”

He stretched out a hand to grab Ling Han. His power took form, solidifying into a giant grayish-golden hand. It was covered with seals, and also exuded an aura that surpassed Regulations.

This was a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate—using power that surpassed the Celestial King Tier as the main force and supplementing it with supreme Regulations, having battle prowess that was superior to the Celestial King Tier, yet inferior to a true Heavenly Venerate.

“This precious tool, I shall gladly accept it!”

“In your dreams!” Ling Han laughed loudly, and channeled the Five Elements Lightning Technique. Pressing out with his left hand, he greeted the incoming assault of that giant grayish-golden hand.

Boom!

Power exploded, creating boundless, wild waves of energy. Xiu! Ling Han charged out. After using the Heavenly Venerate Technique, his battle prowess had already touched the threshold of the Pseudo-Heavenly Venerable Tier. At the very least, when Yun Haoyang was not using a Heavenly Venerate Technique himself, it was definitely impossible for him to suppress Ling Han.

Ling Han shot rapidly towards Yun Haoyang, slashing out with the Divine Demon Sword in his hand, and turning his original defensive stance into an offensive one.

“Confinement!” Yun Haoyang smiled slightly, stretching out a hand. He merely drew a circle gently with this hand.

Instantly, Ling Han felt like the air all around him had solidified, forcefully stopping him. With a wave of his sword, shua, shua, shua, the air was slashed apart. He charged out, but during this kind of lapse, Yun Haoyang had sent another palm strike his way. It was still that giant dark golden hand from before.

In Yun Haoyang’s hands, this kind of attack could be displayed casually. He was a real Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate, so unleashing this kind of attack was naturally no big deal for him.

However, for Ling Han, the burden was too heavy. Even if he had leaped into the Eighth Heaven, he could only channel the Five Elements Lightning Technique for around 100 times. How could he bear up to using it so frequently?

Peng!

Ling Han did not use the Heavenly Venerate Technique again. Instantly, his palm pressed down, heavily smashing into the ground.

After several exchanges, Ling Han had fallen into a complete advantage.

He was not the slightest bit discouraged by this, because this was something he had long since expected. There was no way his present battle prowess had surpassed the Pseudo-Heavenly Venerable Tier. He merely wanted to use the other’s hand to temper himself.

Yun Haoyang, meanwhile, was slightly surprised. Though he had heard of how freakish Ling Han could be, he had not taken it to heart. After all, Ling Han merely possessed a Heavenly Venerate Tool, and could attack to the point that Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings were forced to flee in panic, but in front of him, he would not be able to gain much advantage. He couldn’t even come close enough, so how could he be able to pose a threat to him?

Ling Han was too tenacious, having a tough physique and an iron willpower. Even if he was at a disadvantage, he was still extremely calm. Clearly, he was someone who had fought many battles where the odds had been against him. No matter how Yun Haoyang tried to suppress him, Ling Han was always able to bounce back immediately.

This kind of opponent was really a pest.

Yun Haoyang had to become serious.

“Being able to hold on until now, you are truly amazing. You can be considered the top in Celestial King Tier,” Yun Haoyang said. “However, if I use a Heavenly Venerate Technique, just how many strikes will you be able to withstand?”

Ling Han threw out his fists. “Just give it a try then!”

“As you wish!” Yun Haoyang’s arms spread open. His left arm stretched out and straightened, raised level in front of his chest, while his right arm made the motion as if he was drawing a bow. Weng! A golden light formed, and turned into an arrow aimed directly at Ling Han.

The hair on the back of Ling Han’s neck immediately stood on ends. He felt a suffocating feeling, as if he was faced with death.

“I’m not playing anymore!” Ling Han hurriedly broke into a run. In the first place, his battle prowess was no match for a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate’s, and now, with the Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate unleashing a powerful attack, there was absolutely no possibility he could withstand it. If he took this blow head-on, even if he did not die, he would still be heavily injured. He really had to be a fool to actually do something like that.

Yun Haoyang was slightly startled. He had not expected that with how domineering Ling Han had spoken just moments ago, he would actually turn around and directly run in the blink of an eye. He was being so forthright and frank, and did not even leave behind some parting lines.

Thinking about it, it was reasonable. Wasn’t it logical that an Eighth Heaven Celestial King would avoid a battle with a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate? If Ling Han confronted him forcefully, there would not be one person that would praise his courage if they knew about it. They would only call him a fool.

With these thoughts, Yun Haoyang’s grip loosened. “Go!” With a soft exclamation from him, the golden arrow shot out in hot pursuit of Ling Han.