Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

2697 The Return of the King

This was yet another long process.

Heavenly-Venerable-Tier characters appeared in Ling Han’s mind, which didn’t mean anything to him, but could increase the efficiency of his stimulation of Void Particle Energy.

Even so, his progress could be seen as slow.

After 30,000 years, Ling Han once again ended his seclusion and opened his eyes, and two beams of cold light illuminated heaven and earth, as if they could penetrate the whole Flaming Frost Realm.

Then, his eyes returned to normal, leaving behind only warm radiance, and his whole body’s aura was completely suppressed, making him appear like an ordinary person.

Returning to one’s true self, the Great Accomplishment of cultivation level!

Ling Han laughed loudly, stood up, and casually raised his arms. Boom, his devastating aura surged like a great river.

“Little Han, you are finally out!” The large black dog jumped out. “Grandpa Dog has been waiting until all the flowers have withered, and been sitting until his buttocks almost got calluses.”

Ling Han simply chuckled. Did the large black dog think that Ling Han wouldn’t know because he was in seclusion? This damn dog was so flamboyant that it was impossible that he would stay still; he had to be wandering around. It just so happened that he hadn’t gone out at this point in time.

“Vitality Index… 14,574.” Wally’s eyes released a beam of green light as he was scanning Ling Han.

“Hiss, brat, your current strength is nearly as good as that of a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate!” the large black dog said excitedly. This was amazing indeed—being a Ninth Heaven Celestial King, and yet possessing the battle prowess of a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate. If Ling Han was to become a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate, then wouldn’t he be able to kill even a First Tier Heavenly Venerate?

However, Ling Han knew that he wasn’t that powerful himself.

The reason was that despite seemingly being in the early stage of the Ninth Heaven, he had already reached the level of Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate in terms of Body Art, and this wouldn’t change even after he truly became a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate. Therefore, what he could improve next was simply the power of Regulations, and naturally the degree of improvement would be limited.

Naturally, as his body was being tempered by Void Particle Energy, his strength would also let him far exceed an overwhelming majority of Pseudo-Heavenly Venerates.

“Fortunately, at least I can beat the crap out of a certain someone.” Ling Han laughed.

In terms of Body Art, he was only at the early stage of the Pseudo-Heavenly Venerable Tier, but because of Void Particle Energy, his Vitality Index could be compared with that of a late-stage Pseudo-Heavenly Venerable Tier, which was naturally enough for him to suppress Yun Haoyang.

“That’s great, Grandpa Dog can’t wait!” the large black dog also shouted with excitement. Things such as looting clans were his favorite activity.

They left the ocean and headed back towards the Yun Clan for battle.

More than 200,000 years had passed, and the Yun Clan had long since returned to normal.

At the beginning, they had been really worried that Ling Han would make a comeback, but after years of being cautious, Ling Han had never been seen to appear, so they had gradually let down their guard.

Ling Han ought to be already dead.

This was only normal. Wasn’t it normal to die from serious injuries after being hit by a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate’s powerful attack?

Some Yun Clan members had inquired Yun Haoyang regarding the matter, and after careful consideration, Yun Haoyang had also affirmed the conclusion that Ling Han ought to be already dead.

…At that time, Ling Han was already suffering from serious injuries, and in addition to being hunted down by Yun Haoyang, his injuries would continue to worsen, and the probability of dying would have been very high.

Initially, Yun Haoyang hadn’t dared to make such a conclusion, but after tens of thousands of years, there hadn’t been any news regarding Ling Han, and thus even he had become certain that Ling Han had to be dead.

Yun Haoyang felt it was quite unfortunate. Since Ling Han’s physique was so strong, he had to have cultivated a certain Heavenly Venerate Technique, which had now disappeared together with Ling Han’s death. This made him feel that it was a pity.

In the past, having been fiercely suppressed by Ling Han had made the Yun Clan completely lose face. Therefore, although Ling Han’s body had not been found yet, having Yun Haoyang’s personal affirmation that Ling Han had to be dead, they began to release the news that Ling Han had been killed by the Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate of their clan in order to restore the reputation of the Yun Clan.

“Just a mere Eighth Heaven Celestial King, how could he possibly shake up the Yun Clan?”

“As soon as a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate makes a move, such a minor character will only be granted death.”

“This is the consequence of angering the Yun Clan.”

They bragged to their heart’s content, completely forgetting the past when they had been blocked by Ling Han at their doorstep, and even the Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate had been unable to do anything about it.

However, history ultimately lay in the hands of the victors, and since Ling Han did not jump out to refute, many people gradually accepted the “fact” that Ling Han was dead.

The current Yun Clan was peaceful, a show of happiness and prosperity.

As Ling Han had caused such a ruckus in the beginning, with the person himself being so legendary, it reached the point where some people would purposely come here to pay their respects and offer condolences. The Yun Clan could not prohibit it at all, and as time passed, the place became a small town where many cultivators would come daily to commemorate the last battle of the supreme freak of his generation, Ling Han, who had been defeated at this place.

When the trio including Ling Han had arrived, they were also taken aback by the sudden emergence of this small town located below the mountain, and became a little confused. What was going on?

“Let’s check it out,” Ling Han said.

They changed their appearance slightly. Now that Ling Han had returned to his true self, there was actually no need for him to conceal himself. If it wasn’t someone familiar looking, it would be impossible to connect him with his previous self. As for the large black dog, he transformed into a human form, a mighty man who was seven feet tall, appearing quite formidable. It was just that his eyes were extremely vulgar—it was the essence of his character which could not be changed.

Wally didn’t have to change anything, as his face had never been revealed before.

The three “people” entered the town, and found that it was really lively, with restaurants, gambling houses, and even brothels, and people would come and go like a stream.

“Come and see, come and see, this is a stone stained with Lord Ling Han’s blood,” someone shouted at the side of the road. He had set up a stall filled with many stones, which were indeed stained with red blood.

This call immediately attracted the attention of many people on the road, and they all went to surround him one by one.

“Is it genuine?” someone enquired. There were too many people selling using the gimmick of Ling Han’s relics, and it turned out that most of them were fake.

“Of course it’s genuine. Haven’t you sensed the powerful pressure emanating from the blood on the stone?” the man who had set up the stall immediately said proudly. “Although Lord Ling Han has fallen, he died at the hands of a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate after all, and thus has absolutely lived up to his reputation of being freakish. Just imagine, if you can inherit a trace of his cultivation from Lord Ling Han’s ancient blood, you might be able to become the second Lord Ling Han in the future!”

Indeed, this statement wasn’t false. A Celestial King’s blood contained the Celestial King’s martial intent, and by deduction, one could even probe into the secret of the Celestial King’s cultivation. A question remained… Was the blood on this stone really Ling Han’s?

The onlookers were excited by the person who had set up the stall. To become the second Ling Han, this was such an amazing temptation.

“How much?”

One by one, many were asking.

“1,000,000 Star Stones!” said the person who had set up the stall.

Everyone was hesitant. 1,000,000 Star Stones wasn’t a small figure. Most of them were just minor characters of the Severing Mundane Tier. Seriously, it wasn’t easy to fork out 1,000,000 Star Stones.

At this moment, an abrupt voice suddenly interrupted, “What ‘Lord Ling Han,’ he was just a piece of trash.”

Everyone became extremely annoyed. Those who would come here were people who had heard of Ling Han’s legend, and regarded him as their idol. Now that someone actually belittled their idol, it naturally made them very angry. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

They all turned their heads to look, only to see that it was a young man dressed in fine clothes. One could tell he had come from a powerful force or family with a single glance. No matter what, that kind of arrogance couldn’t be concealed.

“Who are you? How dare you slander Lord Ling Han?” someone said angrily.

The young man in fine clothes gave a cold look, and he suddenly stretched out his hand to press against that man. “Insolence, you dare to insult me, you must be tired of living.”