Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

2702 Burst Cloud Volcano

After looting all of the most valuable things in the Yun Clan, Ling Han was extremely satisfied.

Firstly, because of the material aspect—there were indeed many treasures in the Yun Clan. Secondly, it was on an emotional level. After spending more than 200,000 years, he had finally devoured a tough nut like the Yun Clan, which filled him with utter pleasure.

Next, there were another two clans, and they were the Situ Clan and Wu Clan, respectively.

When Ling Han arrived, these two great clans did not resist at all. They voluntarily unlocked their treasure chamber, and allowed Ling Han to take his pick.

!!

As a Heavenly-Venerable-Tier force, they could not abandon their clan territory and flee, but there were no Heavenly-Venerable-Tier powerhouses at those clans at present, so they could not stop Ling Han at all. Thus, they simply chose to generously allow Ling Han to take his pick.

As they saw it, they might suffer a humiliation now, but when their grand elder returned, he would be able to suppress Ling Han easily.

A great being knew when to yield and when not to yield!

Ling Han did not mind offending those Third Tier or Fourth Tier Heavenly Venerates deeply at all. It was fine to loot their clans, but he did not kill anyone. After all, these forces had only wanted to capture him so they could force him to concoct alchemical pills for them; he was still quite reasonable.

After looting the final Wu Clan, Ling Han and his companions began to divide the treasures among them. Their profits were so shocking that even Wally was showing some expression.

“Unfortunately, I am still missing a single treasure, and I would be able to achieve Indestructible Divine Metal Physique.” Ling Han felt a slight pity. The gains from the nine great clans were too astonishing. He was actually just a little bit away from being able to gather all the ingredients he needed to cultivate the Indestructible Divine Metal Physique.

“Still missing the Crimson Inferno Divine Flame Stone,” the large black dog said.

“Crimson Inferno Divine Flame Stone, Crimson Inferno Divine Flame Stone…” Ling Han murmured this a few times before his eyes suddenly lit up. “Du Shiyi and the others have invited me to go to Burst Cloud Volcano together. It is extremely dangerous there, and it is said that it is a secret realm that has been naturally formed by the heaven and earth. Even Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings would have to be very careful there.

“I have already broken through to the Ninth Heaven, and originally, there would have been no need for me to go anymore.

“However, that is a place where fire flourishes very well. Would the Crimson Inferno Divine Flame Stone be there?”

The large black dog immediately jumped up. “Let’s go, then. As long as we get the Crimson Inferno Divine Flame Stone, we would be able to cultivate the Indestructible Divine Metal Physique. By then, even if a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate blasted us, we would be fine. F***, when we next meet Heavenborn, I will beat him so badly that he will call me grandpa.”

Ling Han nodded slowly. Since they were only a single step away from cultivating the Indestructible Divine Metal Physique, he could slow down on his course to go to the Realm Battlefield for now. He would first push the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll to the next level.

They set out, heading towards Burst Cloud Volcano.

After being here for so many years, Wally had long since collected and saved all the information about the Flaming Frost Realm that could be gathered into his brain. Thus, it was naturally a piece of cake for them to find a path that would take them to Burst Cloud Volcano.

On the other hand, it was they that were too far away from there. They spent a whole two years just on the journey, and then only did they finally arrive.

The name of Burst Cloud Volcano really held true to its appearance.

A mountain peak stabbed directly into the clouds, and there was still lava spurting from the summit, causing the whole mountain to be colored crimson. Even from afar, they could feel a wave of heat assailing them, so hot that it threatened to burn them alive.

Fortunately, both Ling Han and the large black dog had cultivated Indestructible Celestial King Physique, which was only slightly weaker as compared even to Divine Metal, and Wally was even more unique. His body wasn’t extremely tough, yet possessed the indestructible trait of Divine Metal. No matter how badly his body was damaged, it could be mended. Based on this aspect, his survival ability was even better than that of Ling Han and the large black dog.

“Grandpa Dog hates this kind of place; even my fur is about to fall off,” the large black dog grumbled with disgust.

“When are you going to discard the iron underwear?” Ling Han asked.

“What is it? Are you coveting Grandpa Dog’s behind?” The large black dog pretended to pale in shock, using his two front paws to cover his iron underwear.

“Hehe,” Ling Han couldn’t even be bothered to retort.

They ascended the mountain, and waves of heat rippled towards them. Immediately, the clothing they were wearing was charred.

The waves of fire were extremely frightening, reaching the limits of Regulations. It was like a peak-stage Ninth Heaven elite was constantly attacking them with Regulations of Fire, which was naturally troublesome. Moreover, this attack was not formed by power, but rather melted through Regulations. Even Divine Metal would be softened, and could be pounded to change its shape.

Celestial Tools could be forged here.

Faced with this kind of high temperature, Ling Han and the large black dog had to put up a shield of Source Power, using Regulations to defend themselves. Meanwhile, Wally was completely inhuman.

He turned into mud, and just simply flowed like that on the ground.

Extremely… amazing War Soldier.

“Should we go find Du Shiyi and the others?” Ling Han pondered. They had come here more than 200,000 years ago, and so should have developed some understanding of this place. Perhaps they would know where to find the Crimson Inferno Divine Flame Stone in this place.

“Let’s go. It is better than us just wandering around headlessly like this,” the large black dog said.

The power of Regulation here was extremely intense. The whole volcano was like countless Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings overlapping one another. Even Wally could not see through it and discover the whereabouts of the Crimson Inferno Divine Flame Stone in that manner.

They thus began their search on the mountain.

This mountain was extremely shocking in size. There was crimson lava flowing everywhere on the ground, and there were only a pitifully few safe areas. Furthermore, even Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings would still face extreme pressure in the safe areas. The waves of flames rippled, and the slightest distraction could cause one to burn alive, turning into a ball of fire.

If it was only that, they would just have to take more caution, but the problem here was that there were actually living creatures in such waves of lava!

When Ling Han and company had traveled a stretch, they saw the lava splash towards them.

They only thought that this was a natural phenomenon initially, and thought nothing of it. However, without walking too many steps, another spurt of lava was splashing towards them.

They dodged again.

“F***, what’s going on here? Is there something behind the lava that is attacking me?” the large black dog shouted. This was as if a coincidence, but how could there be so many coincidences? He sent out a palm strike, and as the force of his strike landed, the lava suddenly exploded, and splashed out like the surface of water.

“En?” Ling Han immediately saw that there actually was a fish in the lava!

It waved its tail, and another fountain of lava suddenly splashed towards Ling Han and the others.

“Damn fish, Grandpa Dog is going to cook and eat you!” The large black dog was enraged.

He was very wary of the lava, and did not dare directly stretch out a paw to touch it. Thus, he stimulated great dao, and wanted to use great dao as he would use his paw to pluck this fish out of the lava.

However, when the hand formed from great dao grabbed out, it was immediately ignited, forcefully melting into a huge hole. Pa! The large fish dropped back into the lava, and with a wave of its tail, it immediately dived beneath the lava. It could not be seen or sensed any longer.

The large black dog yowled in fury. It would always be him taking advantage of others, yet now he had been ambushed by a fish, and the latter even managed to escape. This naturally was extremely infuriating for him.

Ling Han smiled. “It just swims around in flames, and you are actually planning to cook it?”

The large black dog bared his teeth. This flaming fish was formed by the melding of the highest level of Regulations of Fire, so what would be the point of grilling it on fire?

“No, it has angered me. No matter what, Grandpa Dog is determined to eat it!” He no longer cared about the feasibility of this action. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

“When it comes out, let’s see if we can capture it. I myself am also quite curious,” Ling Han said. It was not strange that Regulations had taken form; what was strange was that this fish seemed to have gained self-awareness.

“Okay!” The large black dog rubbed his paws together. He was sure that even a creature manifested from the highest level of Regulations could only surrender helplessly if he worked together with Ling Han.

“Yi, what is that?” Ling Han looked into the distance, and saw that the lava that had originally been flowing slowly had become violent. A huge wave rose, and was sweeping towards them.