Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

2736 Advancing to the Pseudo-Heavenly Venerable Tier

The response from the Wu Clan came very quickly, but it did not mention Wu Haoyang. Instead, it was a sliver of divine sense of their grand elder, Wu Zhihong, that was transmitted over.

“Hehe, the little kid truly likes to fool around.” It contained just these few short words.

This was a Seventh Tier Heavenly Venerate having stuck a label on this matter—it was just fooling around.

Since it was fooling around, what need was there to pursue it any further?

!!

Who would dare take the risk of offending a Seventh Tier Heavenly Venerate to forcefully apprehend Wu Haoyang?

Rules were meant to be broken, and a Seventh Tier Heavenly Venerate would be qualified to break rules. As long as the other Seventh Tier Heavenly Venerates did not speak up, he was the heaven and earth, he was he who made the rules, and he was justice.

This matter could only be left unresolved.

When Ling Han found this out, he was first surprised. No wonder Wu Haoyang dared to be so arrogant. Firstly, he indeed had the ability, and secondly, he had his clan backing him up. Having caused such great trouble, he actually could still go unpunished. This was really eye-opening for Ling Han.

Ling Han only had this thought, and then did not further think on this matter. In any case, it was he that had the upper hand in the battle with Wu Haoyang. Even if anyone were to hate, it would be Wu Haoyang hating him.

It was more important to improve his strength.

Ling Han immediately went into seclusion. He was going to refine the Seven Deaths Seven Explosions Pill. Otherwise, if Wu Haoyang succeeded in breaking through, and he had not, then based on Wu Haoyang’s personality, he would definitely defeat Ling Han in public, and trample all over him.

Ling Han ingested the Seven Deaths Seven Explosions Pill, and began to refine the medicinal effects.

There was not much reaction after just ingesting the alchemical pill, but when the medicinal effects spread out, and began to circulate through his body, Ling Han felt things get worse.

The medicinal effects were extremely frightening. It was like there was a sharp dagger that was gouging at his body and soul, wanting to forcefully tear him into shreds.

Seven Deaths Seven Explosions Pill meant that he would have to go through seven deadly calamities, seven instances of his mind exploding violently. If he survived, only then would he gain a great improvement.

Pa, pa, pa! Pieces of flesh fell from Ling Han’s body.

He had a physique of Divine Metal, but now it was completely useless. His flesh fell bit by bit, and he soon became a bloodied figure and skeleton. However, his skeleton was even sturdier, and was not destroyed by the medicinal effects. Glowing luster wrapped around him, and his heart was still encased in his ribs, beating strongly.

Ling Han channeled the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll, and golden seals appeared, transforming into his flesh and blood again.

A whole three days later, he had finally made it through. His cultivation level instantly began to soar wildly.

A feeling of invincibility rose up in him. He wanted nothing more than to defeat all the elites of this world and stand alone, above all of them.

He wanted to fight! Fight! Fight!

Ling Han’s heart jolted. He had survived a deadly calamity, but had become violent. This was another trial. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

He hurriedly steadied his mind, and suppressed these violent urges with his strong determination and willpower.

Another three days passed, and he survived it.

However, the medicinal effects became violent again. His flesh and blood once again began to fall, and it felt as if his mind was about to be torn apart, causing him such agony that he wanted to scream loudly.

This time, it was even harder to bear. Thankfully, Ling Han had previously experienced countless hardships. Though this was very hard to bear, it was still not enough to break past his limits.

Three days later, the medicinal effects became gentle, and Ling Han greeted another wave of mad increase of his cultivation level, but he became violent again quickly afterwards.

After experiencing this kind of endless cycle five times, even with Ling Han’s willpower, he was close to his limits.

The sixth wave of violent medicinal effects arrived again. Crack, crack, crack! This time, cracks appeared even in his bones, which was extremely terrifying.

He survived it with great difficulty. His cultivation level spiked, soaring all the way to peak-stage Ninth Heaven.

It had been mentioned that he was essentially a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate. It was just that others began from a complete 1, while he started from 0.001. Thus, there was no need for him to take any other steps by this time. As a matter of natural course, he became a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate.

Clang! Instantly, a reaction came from the heaven and earth. A heavenly tribulation was about to arrive.

Ling Han did not fear the heavenly tribulation. By now, he had the physique of Divine Metal, so it was fine even if he were to sit, or even lie down, through the whole process of the heavenly tribulation, but the problem now was that the present occasion was slightly unsuitable.

Under the medicinal effects, Ling Han became violent again, and when the heavenly tribulation descended and blasted him, it also caused his temperament, which he had calmed down with much difficulty, to become restless and irritable.

A feeling of sadism rose up in him; he wanted to massacre the whole world.

“Withdraw!” He aggressively blasted back at the heavenly tribulation, his black locks flying upwards and his eyes bright red, making him look like a demon.

“You want to control me? Impossible!” Ling Han cried out. Veins popped on his forehead, but his gaze was regaining clarity.

He had battled countless times throughout his life, and his willpower was as strong as iron and steel, so how could he fall here?

Three days later, Ling Han finally made it through.

But the final wave of death and explosion assaulted again.

Ling Han’s bones were instantly shattered. He channeled the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll, forcefully putting his bones together, but when the medicinal effects unfurled, his bones shattered once more.

He continuously repeated this process. He was really close to dying.

Then, his mind became violent again.

Another three days later, calm returned to Ling Han’s expression. His eyes opened, his gaze clear.

He had finally made it through.

Ling Han sighed in relief. He wondered: if he were to be given another Seven Deaths Seven Explosions Pill now, would he still take it?

He could not be certain. Based on his yearning for strength, he would choose to ingest it, but when he thought back to the agony endured for more than a month previously, he felt a wariness of never wanting to encounter this kind of alchemical pill again.

“Hehe, what is the point of feeling conflicted over such a nonsensical matter? There is no second Seven Deaths Seven Explosions Pill.”

Ling Han shook his head. He cast his eyes inwards, and could see that after the Celestial Seed had gone through nine transformations, it had become a tiny figure that looked very much like him. This figure sat cross-legged in his mind with the air of Primal Chaos circulating around it, looking austere and dignified.

He once again tried to communicate with Void Particles, while the Celestial Seed figure communicated with the heaven and earth. There was no need for him to be boosted with Heavenly Venerable Seals. He could touch Void Particles just by stretching out his hand, and they entered into his body and circulated, improving his Body Art.

Realization dawned on Ling Han. No wonder one had to reach peak-stage Ninth Heaven to be able to qualify to attempt to break through to the Pseudo-Heavenly Venerable Tier. That was because after the Celestial Seed went through nine transformations, it would be considerably easier to communicate with the fundamental power of the Genesis World.

Of course, Ling Han had long since been able to communicate with Void Particle, and had completed this process ahead of time. Thus, he only had to stretch out his hand.

If this had been another peak-stage Ninth Heaven Celestial King, he might never be able to sense that unique power of the realm for his whole lifetime, what more the fundamental powers of the Genesis World.

Similarly, Ling Han clearly could sense Void Particles, but could not sense the unique power of the Flaming Frost Realm. He also could not sense the other five fundamental powers.

‘Every type of power would have a repelling nature, obstructing the sensing of other powers. Thus, the higher the cultivation level, the harder it is to advance further.’

Ling Han began to understand. Heavenly Venerable Seals once again appeared in his mind, and the speed of his extraction of Void Particles instantly increased slightly.

Now, he was finally a real Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate. He no longer had to be so cautious in his extraction of Void Particles. Now that his cultivation level had reached the appropriate level, everything would come easily.

‘Too bad; my battle prowess has not welcomed a revolutionary change.’

Ling Han shook his head. Breaking through to the Pseudo-Heavenly Venerable Tier had only unlocked the upper limits for his further improvement of Body Art, and just like other Ninth Heaven Celestial Kings that had broken through to the Pseudo-Heavenly Venerable Tier, he could only begin cultivating Body Art, but to really exhibit this advance in the increase of battle prowess, that would come much, much later.

Primarily, his advancement came from the Seven Deaths Seven Explosions Pill. As for himself? That would need accumulated power over time.

‘However, this should be enough to fight a Heavenly Venerate.’ Ling Han smiled because he could already use Heavenly Venerate Techniques without limits at present, and there were no longer any time restrictions.

“Ling Han, get out here and fight me!” Outside, Wu Haoyang’s voice rang out once more.