Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

2738 Chances of close to zero

Setting aside how Ling Han had directly climbed onto the recent leaderboard on his first attempt, either of their battle merits could be considered a miracle.

To have killed 1,000-2,000 Pseudo-Heavenly Venerates in a single battle, who could believe that?

But it couldn’t be helped. The two of them were incredibly extraordinary, and had mastered directly the fundamental power of the Genesis World. For Pseudo-Heavenly Venerates, this was a crushing advantage, and added with super strong defense for one, while the other could not be wounded by any force, they were both immortal monsters, and that was what had led to them having accomplished such a magnificent feat.

Perhaps there would be no one that could surpass the battle merits that they had accumulated even after another several hundred epochs.

!!

In the past, why hadn’t Lin Youlian and Xin Qihu been so powerful?

That was very simple. At the time, they had not charged out to kill enemies when the enemy troops were attacking the city, so how could their enemy kill rate be compared to that of Ling Han and Wu Haoyang?

Ling Han and Wu Haoyang were still fighting. The two of them were now truly angered by their battle, and they were determined to see who was the stronger between the two of them, and who the victor of their battle would be.

At the very end, everyone had gotten accustomed to it. A great many people were already impatient from watching, and couldn’t be bothered to pay any more attention. After all, it was their own cultivation that was the most important. What was the use of watching the excitement?

However, there were still a lot of spectators. Watching the clash between two great prodigies would definitely give one a certain level of appreciation.

This battle really had no end. They both were the type that was determined to win and be the best. Moreover, the stronger their opponent was, the more they wanted to defeat him.

10 years, 100 years… Time passed so swiftly. In this period, Hysteria even launched a few more assaults, yet this still couldn’t stop them. However, when the enemy troops attacked, the two of them would first charge to attack Hysteria’s troops by tacit agreement.

1,000 years passed, and the recent leaderboard was updated again. Not only was Ling Han’s position as the first place unmovable, even his ranking on the recent leaderboard had leaped a great distance forwards. Wu Haoyang’s rank had directly come to seventh, and it was certain that he would already be second after the next update.

After battling another 300 years, they finally stopped, but they did not go their separate ways. Instead, they sat down on the sidelines, digesting the experience that they had accumulated throughout the battle.

Now that the battle had come so far, they both knew that there was no way they could defeat their opponent with their present strength. Hence, they could only create even stronger ultimate moves, and only then would they be able to win the upper hand, or even overwhelm their opponent completely.

Over a dozen years later, Ling Han’s eyes suddenly snapped open. He leaped up, and Wu Haoyang did the same on the other side as well. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

The two of them were really too genius, and they were incredibly close as well.

The battle resumed.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

They clashed intensely. This time, their respective battle prowess had increased slightly, and they were fighting even more manically, but it was still hard to distinguish who was stronger between the two of them.

They fought for another 200-odd years, and then stopped again. They sat down and mulled over their gains achieved in this battle.

Over a dozen years later, they battled again.

With such continuous pausing and battling, battling then pausing, a new millennium soon came. After the recent leaderboard was updated again, Wu Haoyang was ranked second, as expected. However, the gap between his and Ling Han’s battle merits had become even wider.

It could not be helped. Ling Han had a Heavenly Venerate Tool, so his destructive power was a considerable number of times greater than Wu Haoyang’s.

No one would have expected that this was actually only the beginning of Ling Han and Wu Haoyang’s madness. Millennia passed one after another, and their positions on the recent leaderboard could be shaken by no one. Wu Haoyang had also very quickly climbed onto the general leaderboard, and began to advance fiercely ahead.

In the blink of an eye, 70,000 years had passed.

Ling Han had already reached the 34th place on the general leaderboard, and Wu Haoyang had reached the 99th. The battle merits that the two of them had accomplished together were even more astounding than those of Xin Qihu and Lin Youlian. It was possible that their results could never be surpassed.

At this time, they finally stopped their battle.

They both knew that it was impossible to subdue the other while at the Pseudo-Heavenly Venerable Tier. Hence, they each wanted to break through to the Heavenly Venerable Tier faster than the other, or become a Second Tier Heavenly Venerate or Third Tier Heavenly Venerate.

Though they were reluctant, they each had no choice but to recognize the other as a strong rival, and having this kind of opponent would motivate them to improve even faster.

After returning to his abode, Ling Han immediately went into a long period of seclusion.

He wanted to completely digest the appreciation that had been brought through this extensive battle. At the same time, he wanted to find a way to defeat Wu Haoyang.

If he took the normal path, step after step, there was no way that he could surpass Wu Haoyang, because Wu Haoyang was completely not inferior to him in natural talent and genius at all. In fact, the latter even had a grandfather that was a Seventh Tier Heavenly Venerate, and this was something that Ling Han could not match.

Hence, if Ling Han wanted to defeat Wu Haoyang, he would need to find some other way.

Alternatively, Ling Han could surpass Wu Haoyang in terms of cultivation speed. This was really impossible, however. Wasn’t trying to compete with the accumulation of resources and wealth of a Seventh Tier Heavenly Venerate a joke?

Otherwise, Ling Han had to think of some way to make himself even stronger within the same cultivation level.

‘What to do now?’

Actually, Ling Han had long since had this idea. However, firstly, his cultivation level had not reached the appropriate level, and secondly, he had not encountered powerful opponents, so he had only had a vague idea previously.

Ling Han set his eye on the countless realms of the Genesis World.

He naturally was not planning to devour these realms, but rather wanted to comprehend the unique powers of these realms one after another, then fuse them together, and become the strongest First Tier Heavenly Venerate.

This was easy to say, but it was definitely impossible that he was the only one to come up with this idea throughout such extensive history. Why had there never been anyone who had succeeded before?

Was it because it was too difficult, or was it that they did not know where to begin, or was it just impossible?

After Ling Han had digested the benefits brought by this extensive battle, he went to meet the Karmic Life Heavenly Venerable, and they discussed the possibility of him achieving such a feat.

However, the Karmic Life Heavenly Venerable did not know, either.

He came from the Celestial Realm. Previously, he had only known that there had been another realm called the Foreign Realm. He had not thought about this aspect at all.

It seemed like Ling Han would have to ask for guidance from such mighty figures like Zhou Heng, Lin Xiaoyang, or even Lin Luo to be able to get his answers. Still, could he just simply meet with such powerful figures?

Ling Han did the next best thing. He took a period of leave, and returned to the World’s Paramount Martial Academy.

He was going to find Wally. This guy’s knowledge base was extremely vast, and he also possessed super strong calculation, analysis, and deduction ability. Perhaps it would give Ling Han an unexpected surprise.

Several decades later, Ling Han returned to the World’s Paramount Martial Academy.

Only several thousand years had passed. To the martial academy, it was just like yesterday. Nothing had changed at all.

Ling Han barged through the formation and into the martial academy. Very soon, he found Wally. This guy was earnestly refining Divine Metal. This was his method of cultivation.

A thought suddenly came to Ling Han. Could it be possible that there would come a day that Wally’s body would become as tough and hard as a Heavenly Venerate Tool?

Wally was the type to keep clear accounts even with his own brother. If Ling Han wanted to make a request of Wally, he naturally had to pay accordingly.

For this, Ling Han had given Wally over 100 pieces of Divine Metal—a considerable number of them were on credit. At present, there was no way Ling Han could produce so many pieces of Divine Metal, and his credibility was not too bad, or rather it could be said that he was a major client, so Wally allowed him to owe the rest on credit.

Wally began his calculations. The light on his body dimmed and brightened continuously, but this calculation actually continued for a whole 110,000 years!

As Ling Han waited, he continued cultivating. If it were not for the fact that Wally was glowing and dimming in intervals, he would wonder if the latter had already died.

“The difficulty level is extremely high, but there is still 3.7% of a hundred-trillionth chance of success,” Wally finally said.

3.7% of a hundred-trillionth chance of success?

Ling Han did not know how Wally had calculated this chance of success, but he knew this was a probability that was boundlessly close to zero.

No wonder no one had ever succeeded before in history.