Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

2741 Fusing Power Cores

The Empress still had yet to reach the peak stage of the Ninth Heaven, so it was extremely difficult for her to comprehend the power of the dimension. Meanwhile, because Ling Han had already been tempered by Void Particle Energy, this formed an obstruction that caused his progress to be insanely slow.

According to Wally’s theory, it wouldn’t be difficult for him to comprehend the unique power of the first dimension. This was because doing so was a necessary step. However, if he wanted to comprehend the power of a second or third dimension, the difficulty would grow in an exponential manner.

Before long, his chance of succeeding would become infinitesimally close to zero.

The two of them sat silently, with time quickly flying by. After 10,000,000 years, the Empress finally reached the peak stage of the Ninth Heaven. After her Celestial Seed underwent nine transformations, her ability to comprehend the fundamental power of the dimension grew significantly.

After 20,000,000 years, the Empress was finally able to interact with the unique power of the Profound Negative Realm, extracting it to temper her body.

This signified her transcendence above the Celestial King Tier and advance to the Pseudo-Heavenly Venerable Tier.

The Empress faced heavenly tribulation, and this was naturally nothing to worry about. It was essentially no different from a Ninth Heaven heavenly tribulation.

After another 10,000,000 years, Ling Han was finally able to detect the unique power of the dimension as well, extracting it to form a core in his Dantian.

What he wanted to achieve was a pioneering accomplishment, something that no one else had ever achieved before.

During his more than 100,000 years of analysis and calculations, Wally had calculated far more than just Ling Han’s chances of success. He had also deducted potential avenues to reach such a goal. Otherwise, his calculations and predictions would have lacked a solid basis.

With Wally’s suggestion as a base, Ling Han further added some of his own understandings. He then started to experiment with his hypotheses.

What was the use of extracting the power of a dimension?

Inspired by the phenomenon of dimensions engulfing other dimensions, Ling Han treated himself as a core that could not only house all powers, but could also allow these powers to circulate and persist. In this way, he would no longer face the dilemma of his powers being rendered useless after he left the corresponding dimensions, and was thus unable to extract the corresponding powers.

In his Dantian, the wisps of power condensed into a core. This would become the source of his power.

However, while extracting the unique power of the dimension might be easy, forming a self-sustaining supply of such power would be no easy task.

The first step was always the most difficult. Ling Han didn’t hurry, and his successive failures only worked to nurture his patience.

Shortly afterward, the Empress also joined him in his investigations. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Both of them were geniuses. Even though the Empress was slightly inferior, an extra mind was still definitely helpful to the cause.

They continued to channel their Greatest Eternity Everlasting Physiques, accelerating the flow of time. However, the higher one’s cultivation, the more difficult it would be to accelerate or decelerate the flow of time for oneself.

Because of this, even though they had both already reached the Pseudo-Heavenly Venerable Tier, they were still only able to accelerate the flow of time 1000-fold.

This was already a good result. After all, if a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate entered time cultivation chambers, nothing at all would happen. The flow of time wouldn’t even double.

They experienced failure after failure, reaching a point where even the Empress started to feel frustrated and irritated. Fortunately, Ling Han was there to calm her down, allowing her to regain composure and continue working toward their goal.

During the fifth cycle of 100,000,000 years, Ling Han finally achieved success.

He managed to form a core inside his body, one that looked just like the core of the dimension before him. This core endlessly provided him with power that was unique to this dimension.

Boom!

Power surged, yet it was unable to leave his body. It could only temper his physique.

This was because he was still a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate.

This was the result that Ling Han was looking for. Right now, he had no desire to advance to the Heavenly Venerable Tier.

Under Ling Han’s patient teaching, the Empress also managed to form a core.

This was a comparatively simple task. However, the task of extracting the power of numerous dimensions, fusing it into the core, and then having the core provide all the different unique powers of the dimensions was a far more challenging task.

The more powers they fused, the more difficult this would become!

Counting briefly, the two of them had already experienced 500 billion years. This was an astounding length of time.

They left the Profound Negative Realm, and set off for the next realm.

Just like before, they spent numerous years searching for a way to approach the core of the dimension. Afterward, they sat beside the core, and attempted to interact with the power that it possessed.

This was an insanely difficult task.

Regardless of whether it was the fundamental power of the Genesis World or the unique powers of these dimensions, they would all innately repel one another.

Fortunately, this was only a difficulty and not an impossibility. After all, they only possessed a small number of unique powers.

After 20,000,000 years, they both managed to detect the unique power.

It was at this moment that the true problem revealed itself. They needed to fuse this power into their core as well, making it become a source for future power. They didn’t want to treat this power as a disposable matter, something that would become useless after a single use.

They made several attempts and experienced several failures. Only after another 10,000,000 years did they finally succeed.

Two different powers.

Ling Han sensed the two powers, and found that they were still far from being able to rival Void Particle Energy.

This still wasn’t enough. It was far from being enough.

The two of them set off again, arriving at the third dimension. They repeated the same process again.

This time, it took them 50,000,000 years to finally succeed. They then set off for the fourth dimension, spending more than 70,000,000 years there. Only then did they head toward the fifth dimension.

The time they spent in each dimension became longer and longer, and this was because their progress was becoming slower and slower.

When they arrived at the 10th dimension, they failed to make any progress even after 100,000,000 years.

Ling Han silently made some comparisons in his mind. The unique powers inside his body could almost rival the Void Particle Energy already. In other words, if he returned to the Flaming Frost Realm at this moment, he would definitely be the strongest in his cultivation level regardless of which tier Heavenly Venerate he became.

However, this was far too simple.

Ling Han was sure that he wasn’t the only one to come up with this idea. After all, which of Lin Luo, Zhou Heng, and the others wasn’t a prodigy among prodigies? Would they not have attempted this?

Perhaps many elites had attempted this before. It was just that they had experienced mixed results.

Perhaps some had fused together the power of 10 dimensions, while others had fused together the power of 20. Perhaps some had even fused together the power of 30 or 50!

“I have to become the strongest!” Ling Han made up his mind. Only 100,000,000 years had passed, so how could he give up so easily?

Another 100,000,000 years passed, and Ling Han was finally able to detect the power of this dimension. He then spent 30,000,000 years fusing this power into his core.

The difficulty of fusing each subsequent power would rise exponentially, so there would eventually come a stage where Ling Han would be unable to succeed even if his lifespan were limitless.

The Empress was much slower, and it was clear that her talent was ultimately inferior to Ling Han’s.

“You can head off to the next dimension first. I’ll look for you after I finish here,” the Empress said.

Ling Han thought for a moment before replying, “Alright.”

He set off for the next dimension, leaving marks that only the Empress would understand along the way. With his current Heavenly Venerable Tier power, he could ensure that these marks would remain for all eternity.

Time whizzed by like an arrow. 100 million years, 10 billion years, 100 billion years, one trillion years…

Ling Han continued to travel through dimensions, almost forgetting the concept of time. He only knew that inside the Celestial Guest Residence, Bewitching Maiden Rou had already reached the peak stage of the Ninth Heaven.

As for the other women, their talent was limited, so being forcefully raised to the Celestial King Tier where they could enjoy an indestructible body was already their absolute limit.

Two billion years, five billion years, 10 billion years, and then one epoch!

Ling Han was already unable to keep track of how many dimensions he had traveled to. He only knew that the core inside his body had already grown to a gigantic size.

He was about to reach his limit. If he failed to control this core, he would inevitably face self-destruction.

Ling Han decided to return after extracting the power of this dimension. He still needed to leave some space for the Flaming Frost Realm, the only transcendent dimension in the Genesis World. He naturally wouldn’t abandon such a power.

He calmly strolled around, exuding a sense of boundless loneliness. Taking into account the acceleration of time, he had already cultivated for a whopping 1,000 epochs.

In fact, this had already exceeded the lifespan of most dimensions.

He had already traveled to all high-level dimensions and even medium-level dimensions. Right now, he was in a low-level dimension. The Spiritual Qi here was observably scarcer.

Just like before, he started to search for a path toward the core of the dimension. At this moment, however, he suddenly felt a strong sense of apprehension.