Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

2755  Arrival of Heavenly Venerates

Everyone was captivated and rendered completely speechless.

Ling Han had killed the Vanishing Thunder Heavenly Venerate with a single strike, and managed to withdraw to stop the Spiritual Gourd Heavenly Venerate, saving Ling Jianxue and the others. Just how strong could this man be?

"You are good! Very good!" The Spiritual Gourd Heavenly Venerate set his eyes on Ling Han; he was really enraged now.

Ling Han smiled slightly, and with a beckoning gesture of his hand, xiu, the Divine Demon Sword automatically flew back to him. He said, "I am actually a very nice guy. As long as no one touches my bottom line, I will not kill anyone."

…If someone wanted to kill Ling Han, he might only smile calmly in response, and just say, "Come on, then. I will kill you with a single punch." He would not deign to settle the matter in advance at all. However, if someone wanted to touch his family and friends, he would take the initiative to attack, and destroy this hidden enemy with thunderous force.

Such as with the likes of the Vanishing Thunder Heavenly Venerate and Shen Bo.

Ling Han's eyes swept over these people, his gaze seeping with killing intent. He was going to kill all of these people.

"You still want to commit evil?" the Spiritual Gourd Heavenly Venerate asked menacingly.

"If I want to kill anyone, will you be able to stop me?" Ling Han asked, smiling.

The Spiritual Gourd Heavenly Venerate was speechless. Previously, the Vanishing Thunder Heavenly Venerate had been a First Tier Heavenly Venerate, but he had still been slaughtered by Ling Han. Then, these remaining people were completely defenseless in front of Ling Han. How could he protect them?

"You will die!" the Spiritual Gourd Heavenly Venerate spat out word by word, and when he exclaimed the word "die," the jade gourd tied in his hair suddenly fell. Weng! Suddenly, endless brilliance burst out, and an aura that surpassed time and space spread out, causing suffocation.

He also summoned his own Heavenly Venerate Tool. He was going to become serious now.

The jade gourd rose into the air, and continuously grew in size. Furthermore, there seemed to be no end to it, as it covered the skies and hid the sun.

Ling Han's hand gripped the Divine Demon Sword, with him standing proudly. He had nothing to fear.

"Suppress!" The Spiritual Gourd Heavenly Venerate pointed at Ling Han. Weng! The jade gourd immediately spurted out endless light, which turned into an ocean that rushed towards Ling Han.

"Do you think I fear you?" Ling Han sneered. He moved with his sword in hand, charging towards the Spiritual Gourd Heavenly Venerate.

As the Divine Demon Sword struck, Ling Han sliced apart all that light, his sharp blade surging forwards.

"No matter how freakish you are, ultimately, you are only a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate!" The Spiritual Gourd Heavenly Venerate sneered. He stretched out both hands, grasping the power of heaven and earth, which turned into a long spear that stabbed towards Ling Han.

Ding, ding, ding, ding! Ling Han slashed out with his sword, splitting this long spear into countless shards. He forged onwards aggressively, not slowing down in the slightest.

13:38

His battle prowess was not weaker than his opponent's at all, so how could he possibly be stopped?

shards. He forged onwards aggressively, not slowing down in the slightest.

His battle prowess was not weaker than his opponent's at all, so how could he possibly be stopped?

However, when he approached close enough, the Spiritual Gourd Heavenly Venerate maneuvered his precious tool, and a shadowy light surged out of the gourd, and turned into a divine waterfall, preventing Ling Han from continuing forwards.

Boom! Boom! Boom!

The two great elites had even summoned their Heavenly Venerate Tools, so this naturally was them going all out.

They clashed continuously, and then the Spiritual Gourd Heavenly Venerate's expression became uglier and uglier because he discovered that he was actually no match for Ling Han.

The gap between them wasn't very large, but he was really outmatched.

He was stunned. Was this really a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate he was fighting?

This dimension was a low-level dimension. A Second Tier Heavenly Venerate could not fight with his full power for an extended period of time. Otherwise, wouldn't he then be targeted by the heavenly tribulation? And how was this shown? A divine tribulation was just a small token; more importantly, the heaven and earth would cut them off from extracting the power of heaven and earth.

If he could not extract the power of heaven and earth, a Second Tier Heavenly Venerate could actually only be considered a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate… er, Second Tier Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate?

Thus, it was definite that the longer a Heavenly Venerate fought, the weaker he would become.

Of course, this could be solved when they were in a high-level dimension as the "tolerance" of the heaven and earth would be greater there.

One party became weaker as the battle continued, while the other could maintain the same level without change. Was there any need to even wonder what the result would be?

The Spiritual Gourd Heavenly Venerate was certain that if he wanted to defeat Ling Han, he could only do so with a single crushing, overwhelming blow. Otherwise, his disadvantage would only grow as the battle progressed, right until he himself was defeated.

But the problem here was, he was already the strongest elite of this dimension. Suppressing Ling Han could only be done by a Third Tier Heavenly Venerate. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Could a Third Tier Heavenly Venerate be nurtured in a low-level dimension?

Then, there was another way to stand against Ling Han, and that was to depend on an advantage in numbers. Before they were targeted by the heaven and earth, they could stop and rest for a moment. That was doable as well.

At present, it was only him alone, so these were just empty words.

The Spiritual Gourd Heavenly Venerate hurriedly sent out a signal for help. He alone was really unable to stop Ling Han.

For the moment, he could still manage to hold up.

Ling Han could sense the wave of divine sense from his enemy, but was unconcerned. He was all alone. If he wanted to fight, he could, and if he wanted to flee, he could too. Furthermore, his power would have.

originated completely from himself, so he did not have the worries that other Heavenly Venerates This battle was something that he had deliberately asked for. Otherwise, how would he be able to convince others with mere words?

Previously, An Tayun and the others had listened to Ling Han. What other reason was there aside from the fact that he was strong enough? Otherwise, for a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate to converse as equals with a Second Tier Heavenly Venerate had to be a joke.

Ling Han tossed the Spiritual Gourd Heavenly Venerate off his tail. His strength was not enough to kill the latter for the moment, so he would first kill Shen Bo and the others.

The Spiritual Gourd Heavenly Venerate moved to stop him, but he was completely helpless.

Those Celestial Kings that had attacked Ling Jianxue previously were all slaughtered as Ling Han began a massacre.

When he had killed the majority of them, some Heavenly Venerates finally arrived.

There were Second Tier Heavenly Venerates and First Tier Heavenly Venerates, and there were also a few Pseudo-Heavenly Venerates, making them a total of nine people.

When they saw how the Second Tier Heavenly Venerate was battling intensely with Ling Han, two Second Tier Heavenly Venerates immediately released a battle cry, and joined the battle.

…All elites of the Martial Crystalline Realm were to be killed without mercy!

But when they actually fought, they were immediately stunned because Ling Han was overwhelmingly strong. He did not seem like a Second Tier Heavenly Venerate that had come from the other realm at all.

"This freak is only a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate, but his battle prowess is too extraordinary," the Spiritual Gourd Heavenly Venerate explained.

"What!?" The other two Second Tier Heavenly Venerates could not believe this at all. A mere Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate could really be so strong?

But then they recalled the minor details. They were being targeted by the heaven and earth, while Ling Han was completely ignored. Furthermore, Ling Han had not drawn on the power of heaven and earth. If it was said that this was because he regarded them with disdain, and deliberately abstained from using it, this would seem even more impossible, right?

Because he was a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate!

"How can a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate be so strong?" At the same time that they felt stunned, an endless greed also rose up in them. If they could capture Ling Han, and force out the secret to his strength, then wouldn't they, too, be able to become even more powerful?

"Take him down!" the Spiritual Gourd Heavenly Venerate exclaimed. Now that there were three great Heavenly Venerates attacking Ling Han together, they were naturally certain of their victory.

"Agreed!" The other two great Heavenly Venerates nodded. Though Ling Han was inconceivably strong, he had not exceeded their limits.

The four of them fought fiercely and incredibly intensely.

With the combined efforts of three great Heavenly Venerates, they could solve the problem of weariness. They only had to battle for a while and then take a rest on the sidelines, and they would be able to evade the problem of being targeted by the heaven and earth, immediately being revitalized.

Ling Han frowned slightly. How long was the battle going to drag out if things continued in this way?

With a thought, he turned around and left.

"You have no escape!" The Spiritual Gourd Heavenly Venerate and the others hurriedly set off in pursuit.

Ling Han led them into the depths of the Two Realm Battlefield, which belonged neither to the Martial Crystalline Realm nor to the Promise City Realm, but rather could be considered an independent space. When the opportunity came for it, it would truly become a small world of its own—just like when the Small World and the Foreign Realm collided—and possess a realm core.

After reaching this place, Ling Han no longer fled. Instead, he turned around and confronted them directly.

The Spiritual Gourd and the others dared not be careless, either. This was no longer the Promise City Realm, where there was the power of heaven and earth to suppress cultivators from another realm. It was possible that elites from the Martial Crystalline Realm could appear at any time. If they were besieged, they could die here.

Ling Han released a battle cry, striking madly with the Divine Demon Sword.

Peng, peng, peng! They fought intensely again, but the Spiritual Gourd and the others soon encountered a problem.

They could not extract the power of heaven and earth here.