Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

2762 Breaking through to the Heavenly Venerable Tier

Ling Han and the Empress sat at a distance apart. The gap in strength between the two was huge, so it was naturally impossible to sit together.

The closer they were to the core, the easier it was to sense the unique power in it.

The two began to cultivate in seclusion.

To take a step further towards the highest level… was difficult!

Both of them were already close to, or in fact had even reached, their limits, and it was already impossible to accommodate more power of the dimension. Even if they could, it would take a ridiculously large amount of time.

They activated their physique to speed up the flow of time.

After 70,000,000 years, Ling Han finally comprehended the unique power of the Flaming Frost Realm, and began to extract it into his body.

Another 50,000,000 years later, he had successfully completed the process.

The Empress’ natural talent wasn’t as good as his, but the amount of power she could absorb was far less compared to him. Therefore, she had also successfully integrated this final bit of power.

The two of them… could now break through to the Heavenly Venerable Tier.

“Let’s go back to the martial academy.”

They could break through to the Heavenly Venerable Tier here, but Ling Han’s actions had been heaven-defying. He’d better not suffer a backlash from the heaven and earth at the most critical moment—now that would be a huge laughing matter.

So, it would be best to get out of here first.

They returned to the martial academy. After such a long time, Ling Feifan had already reached the Ninth Heaven, while Ling Jianxue had already broken through to the Pseudo-Heavenly Venerable Tier. Both father and son had gone to the Realm Battlefield to fight against Hysteria’s army.

Of course, Chen Shuangshuang and An Xiu’er had gone with them.

Ling Han couldn’t help shaking his head. The time he spent cultivating at the level of Pseudo-Heavenly Venerable Tier was a long time indeed, and now even his son had caught up with him in terms of cultivation level. Perhaps he might even have broken through to the Heavenly Venerable Tier.

Ling Han and the Empress began to break through to the Heavenly Venerable Tier.

This wasn’t a secret within the martial academy. Everyone was curious about how powerful Ling Han would be after successfully taking this step. A Second Tier Heavenly Venerate would definitely not be his match. What about a Third Tier Heavenly Venerate?

Some people looked forward to it, and some were jealous, while some people secretly hated it. For example, Zhuo Kai had only reached the Fourth Heaven after the passing of so many years, but considering his aptitude, this was already a miracle.

There was no way about it. Who asked his father to have already become a Second Tier Heavenly Venerate so much earlier, and be able to give him greater quantity and more precious cultivation resources?

No one had any doubts that Ling Han could possibly fail. He had already obtained the battle prowess of a Second Tier Heavenly Venerate, so how could it be that he might get stuck at the Heavenly Venerable Tier?

What they were not sure about was when Ling Han would end his seclusion.

***

Ling Han was meditating. As a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate, he was different from the others.

Others use the power of a dimension to temper their bodies. When they reached a certain height in cultivation level and their physique was strong enough, they would be able to directly extract this power for their own use, exponentially increasing their battle prowess.

When the conditions were right, success would naturally follow, so as long as one could reach the Pseudo-Heavenly Venerable Tier, then one could definitely become a real Heavenly Venerate.

It was completely different for Ling Han.

He had formed a core of power in his body, and all the power would burst forth from that core, so he didn’t need to borrow the power of heaven and earth.

…Otherwise, he could only borrow the unique power of whichever dimension that he was in. No matter what, there would only be one kind of power. So, what would be the point of his efforts for the last epoch?

He wanted to let the power of the core in his body flow through his body and refine it until it reached the pinnacle so as to be able to fully withstand the eruption of power from the core. Then, he would be able to boldly confront his enemies. With just a thought, full strength would burst forth from within the core instead of just him relying on the power of his physique. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Ling Han slowly unleashed his inner core, allowing the power to circulate in his body over and over again. He had gone through this process many times. He was proficient at it, and was doing it in a relaxed manner. He then slowly released the inner core, and soon afterwards, more and more power burst forth.

Boom, the bursting forth of power surged through his body, roaring endlessly.

Such commotion could be heard throughout the entire martial academy, and everyone was shocked. No one had ever seen any Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate who would cause such a huge commotion when breaking through into the next level.

As time passed, the power circulating within Ling Han’s body became stronger and more terrifying. The fluctuations in aura which resulted from it even caused the space to tremble, and everyone felt endangered. If such an aura was to get out of control, the entire martial academy might be destroyed in one fell swoop.

After 70,000 years, the Empress was the first to break through, and successfully obtained the position of Heavenly Venerate. Although heavenly tribulation descended upon her, it did not affect her at all.

However, Ling Han continued to temper his body. He was integrating too many kinds of power from the dimensions, and he still hadn’t reached his limit.

He was not anxious, as this was what he had expected.

100,000 years, 200,000 years, and then nearly 300,000 years later, Ling Han finally realized that he was about to reach his limit.

However, at this moment, a violent power suddenly exploded within his body.

Pu!

Ling Han immediately vomited blood. This was obviously the power of the dimension he had recently extracted, the unique power of the Flaming Frost Realm.

This power had previously been very stable, but at such a critical time, it suddenly turned against him.

Ling Han was already about to reach his limit, and with the sudden rebellion of this power, the impact on him could well be imagined.

It was a disaster.

He quickly suppressed it, but the revolt of this power caused chaos among the powers of other dimensions. Due to a chain reaction which ensued, his core spewed out power uncontrollably, attacking his body.

Pa, pa, pa, pa, pa, his bones were all shattered in an instant. It didn’t matter that they were as strong as Divine Metal; the unique power of the dimension was naturally at the Heavenly Venerable Tier, and it was unknown how many of such powers were rebelling, so even Divine Metal was instantly shattered.

Ling Han couldn’t suppress these violent powers. Boom, boom boom, his core was spewing out more and more power terrifyingly at an astonishing speed, directly tearing his body apart.

When it reached a limit, boom, the core exploded.

Ling Han was instantly shattered into countless fragments, both his body and soul severely injured. With his weak soul, he forcibly gathered each fragment and reassembled them.

He sat down cross-legged, channeling the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll over and over again, and trying to heal himself.

But it was too difficult.

His body had turned into countless fragments, and each fragment had a unique power of a certain dimension. These powers were originally fused together by Ling Han, but now they were completely separated. Furthermore, they had become incompatible with one another, and there was no way for them to be fused together.

He had failed?

Ling Han could not reconcile himself to this fact, and even more couldn’t accept it. He had worked hard for so long, and raised his battle prowess to an unprecedented level, but now he couldn’t break through to the Heavenly Venerable Tier?

...

“Husband!” Liu Yutong and others rushed over.

Due to the previous big explosion, the secret chamber where Ling Han was cultivating in seclusion was completely destroyed, which naturally alarmed all the women, and they all looked at Ling Han with horror.

Despite the fact that Ling Han had put his body together, there were bloodstains everywhere, especially on his chest. Astonishingly, there was a hole where blood was gushing out. At a glance, one could tell something was wrong.

Ling Han gave a wry smile. “I have failed in breaking through to the Heavenly Venerable Tier. It seems that something went wrong.”

“Take it slow, you will definitely be able to recover,” the Empress consoled him. After she had achieved Heavenly Venerable Tier, she had become more graceful and elegant.

Ling Han nodded, and continued channeling the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll.

Seeing that Ling Han was still able to practice his cultivation technique, all the women felt slightly relieved. However, each of their faces had a worried expression. How serious was Ling Han’s condition?

At this moment, they would just have to wait patiently.