2764 Turn of events

Ling Han tried all means, yet these paths proved not to be feasible.

Could it be that he really could only give up?

Ling Han calmed his heart, giving up all thoughts of benefits and rewards of his actions, and lived the most peaceful, ordinary life.

With the company of the Empress and the others, he traveled mountains and seas, his temperament becoming more and more at peace.

On a particular night, he sat on the banks of a pond, looking at the many stars reflected in the waters. When Li Sichan mischievously tossed a stone in, it instantly caused many ripples to form.

Ling Han suddenly stiffened. It seemed like he was close to grasping something, but when he stretched out his hand, he did not touch anything.

In this instant, he felt an intolerable itch in his heart. A small crack had opened in the great doors ahead of him, yet he had simply forgotten the scenery that lay within.

Ling Han lowered his head, and saw that the stars in the pond had already become countless broken reflections.

Ling Han felt an enlightenment come to him, but felt like he was just a bit away from it.

Because of his insistence, everyone settled down here.

Ling Han sat by the pond every day, and when 70-odd days had passed, he suddenly attained enlightenment, and broke into a loud laughter.

Since his inner core had shattered, just let it be then.

Why had he wanted to condense an inner core? That was because he had wanted to be able to depend on his inner core to continuously provide power even after leaving a specific dimension so that he, a First Tier Heavenly Venerate, would attain a height that had never been reached before.

However, he had been under a misconception.

A realm would indeed possess a core, but what about 10 dimensions, or 100 dimensions?

They each had their own respective cores, but they were not fused together. Each was a unique power in the first place, so how could they possibly meld together?

Previously, Ling Han had indeed fused them together, but from the looks of things now, he had only kneaded them together. He had not truly fused them into one at all.

Hence, when the most crucial moment had arrived, the power of the Flaming Frost Realm had exploded, stimulating the whole core to go berserk and his whole body to explode.

This was a path that he could not continue to follow. No matter how freakish he was, it was useless because this was a wrong path in the first place.

Then was there no way to achieve this?

No!

Ling Han shook his head. Actually, the solution had long since been given to him; he just had not realized it at the time.

…He could look at a slightly bigger structure, and think of himself as a Genesis World. Then, every single cell inside his body was a dimension of its own, and each cell could bear the power of dimension. Then what would happen?

Ling Han immediately began his attempt. He no longer tried to fuse the powers inside his body, but rather let things progress naturally. He thought of himself as a greater world, and all the powers inside his body could evolve and develop as they wished, as long as they could be his to use.

Of course, this was easier said than done, but to have so many chaotic powers burst forth at the same time and be available for him to use, but simultaneously not have them conflict with one another definitely was not a matter that could be achieved simply by thinking.

Ling Han sat still, and time passed continuously.

100 years, 1,000, 10,000… In the blink of an eye, another 70,000,000 years had passed.

Ling Han released a battle cry, and suddenly stood. Boom! A world-shaking power burst out of his body, causing even the heavens to tremble.

He had recovered his full battle prowess, and even gone far beyond it. After all, he had gained an additional unique power of the Flaming Frost Realm.

“Husband!” All the women were extremely pleased and surprised.

Ling Han broke into a smile. “I have worried all of you these years.”

The women all shook their heads, but they were weeping. They had been worried about Ling Han all this while. How proud their man was, yet he had become a publicly acknowledged cripple. This had to have caused him incredible, great suffering.

And now, he had finally stood back up again!

The Empress smiled faintly. “I have always believed you!”

“Husband, let us return immediately to the martial academy, and show those people so we can slap reality in their faces!” Zhu Xuan’er exclaimed.

“En!” The women all nodded. They all had anger bottled up inside of them.

“No hurry,” Ling Han said smilingly. “Let us visit other dimensions first.”Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

“Ah!” The women all gaped. ‘You have just recovered, and now you’re heading off again?’

Ling Han nodded. “Trust me.”

Now, he had truly comprehended and thought of himself as a Genesis World, capable of accommodating the power of various dimensions. Then, he actually had no limits so to speak, and the power inside his body could be endless.

In other words, even after he reached the Seventh Tier, the power of this First Tier could still strengthen exponentially, far surpassing the limits of the Seventh Tier.

But before this, he would first have to comprehend the true essence of the power of dimension created by the Genesis World. By then, he would be able to leap out of the confines of the Genesis World, and a new power of dimension could also arise from within his body itself.

Hysteria had only manifested as a dimension, yet Ling Han was the entire Genesis World. Which of them had the superior structure here?

Of course, the superiority of the structure would still have to depend on the cultivation level. If there was too much difference in cultivation level, then everything would still be meaningless.

Hence, Ling Han wanted to comprehend even more powers of dimensions, right until he himself could create a power of dimension. Then, even after he advanced to the First Tier, Second Tier, or Third Tier, his body would still be able to continuously create new powers of dimension, causing his strength to become limitless.

‘Hysteria can easily give rise to Heavenly Venerates, so when I attain Great Accomplishment, not only would I be able to do the same, but in fact… I could even give rise to a Seventh Tier Heavenly Venerate with a mere thought, right?’ Ling Han mused.

If this was told to others, everyone would definitely think that Ling Han had lost his mind. Even Celestial Kings could only depend on themselves to cultivate every step of the way, and he wanted to just simply produce a Heavenly Venerate? A Seventh Tier Heavenly Venerate at that?

Yet Ling Han was filled with confidence. When that time came, he really would be able to.

Because he himself was the Genesis World, and a Genesis World that could make all the decisions for himself at that, so what would he not be able to do?

“Come, I will bring you to the Martial Crystalline Realm first.” Ling Han waved a hand, and the women were all wrapped by his power. Then, their figures gradually disappeared.

If there was a Heavenly Venerate here, he would definitely experience a great shock because this was no ordinary spatial movement. Whichever corner of the Flaming Frost Realm he was looking in, no further traces of Ling Han and the company could possibly be discovered.

…They directly traversed the Genesis World, heading towards the Martial Crystalline Realm.

This was incredibly inconceivable. For example, when Zhou Heng had headed into the Celestial Realm, that had been because he had the lighthouse of the realm to guide him, and if he had ripped a hole in the barrier between realms out of nowhere, there would have been no cure for him wherever he went.

Ling Han was different as his body contained the unique power of the Martial Crystalline Realm. As long as he could use it to sense, the Martial Crystalline Realm would become a lighthouse that was shining in the dark, allowing him to travel there easily.

19 years later, they arrived at the Martial Crystalline Realm, so fast that it was unbelievable.

Ling Han headed into the Promise City Realm, where he continued to extract the unique power of this realm.

Now that he had had a dawning enlightenment, he was naturally relaxed. Within three years, he had already mastered this power, and it solidified in every single cell of his body.

Next.

He and the women all headed to the next dimension, and similarly, in just three to four years, he had gained another power of the dimension.

The Genesis World now had only a single transcendent dimension, 99 high-level dimensions, and 9999 medium-level dimensions. In the case of low-level dimensions, their number reached as many as tens of thousands.

Ling Han just proceeded slowly like that. After around three million years, he suddenly realized that he had actually come to the Foreign Realm.

In other words, he only had to take another step, and he would be able to return to the Celestial Realm.

When they found out about this, the women couldn’t help but feel excited. Though their home would be wherever Ling Han was, they still had friends and family in the Celestial Realm. Over an epoch had passed; how were they all doing now?