Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

2769 A short stopover

What kind of miracle was this? With just a beckoning gesture of his hands, Celestial medicines were growing all around him.

Furthermore, under Ling Han’s might, the age of these stalks of Blood Ginseng was also rapidly increasing, and they very quickly reached a level wherein they could be used in medicines.

“This must be fake, right?” someone asked shakily, completely incapable of believing this.

However, could that refreshing, herbal fragrance be faked? Additionally, with several hundred Celestial medicines gathered together, they formed a spiritual fog that was so dense it could not be dispersed. Could this be faked as well?

Gasp!

Their eyes were all bloodshot. One Blood Ginseng was enough to help an Ascending Origin Tier break through to the Celestial King Tier, then just how many Celestial Kings could be produced with this many Blood Ginseng?

This was really their ancestor’s brother. Otherwise, how could he possibly be so generous?

They were all excited. This was too amazing. With so many Celestial medicines appearing, this would cause a conflict among the great sects of the whole Celestial Realm.

However, they soon became even more excited, not because of joy, but rather due to shock. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

Because these Blood Ginseng very quickly grew too much, and were beginning to wilt. A great amount of Spiritual Qi had solidified, shooting into the skies like smoke.

“No!” they howled, hurriedly pouncing out one after another. Every single Blood Ginseng here represented a single Celestial King.

But Ling Han had used his power, so how could this be something they were able to stop?

They could not get close to the Blood Ginseng at all, and could only watch as they wilted one after another.

“Stop!” someone shouted at Ling Han, his eyes bloodshot. He could just barely withhold himself from committing murder.

Ling Han smiled faintly. “External factors, just like these Blood Ginseng, would wilt and disappear. But the relationship between brothers and companions would be able to last for eternity.”

“Give us back the Blood Ginseng, or you will definitely not come out of this easily!” Quite a number of people were glaring at Ling Han, all of them filled with fury. They did not even consider the fact that these Blood Ginseng had actually been expedited into growing out of thin air by Ling Han.

They only knew one thing: since the ginseng plants had appeared in front of them, they were theirs.

Ling Han shook his head. Originally, he had wanted to teach these people some facts, but these people could not heed his words at all.

Forget it; he was not a good teacher, either.

Ling Han clenched his right hand, and the heaven and earth responded once more. Booming sounds of thunder rang out, bolts of lightning striking down all around him. It was like the heaven and earth were raging.

This was too terrifying, so the people on both sides couldn’t help but fall silent in fear.

Ling Han gave a loud battle cry, which turned into a clap of raging thunder. “I, Ling Han, have returned!”

Boom! Instantly, this was heard throughout the whole Ling City.

Not long after, a great many figures shot over from various directions.

“Han’er!” Ling Dongxing and Yue Hongchang appeared. They had already become Celestial Kings as well. There was also Ling Yueyan. She naturally had also become a Celestial King. Otherwise, even if she had advanced into the Ascending Origin Tier, she could never have lived for as long as an epoch.

“Fourth Brother!” Feng Po Yun and Murong Qing also appeared.

“A-A-Ancestor!” When they saw Feng Po Yun and Murong Qing, everyone fell to their knees. Who did not recognize the two of them? They were both the backbone of Ling City.

Small Rock, Ling Qing, Rabbit, Old Ginseng, and the company all approached, especially the rock golem. It bumped Ling Han’s legs repeatedly, acting spoilt like a puppy.

Ling Han couldn’t help but feel rueful. As a dog, he did not act like a dog, but one that was not a dog acted like one—he was definitely not referring to the large black dog.

With a reunion like this, they naturally had countless topics to talk about.

They went in to sit down first, and talked about the things that had happened throughout these years.

For Feng Po Yun and Murong Qing, their lives were very ordinary. In the past, they had actually ventured out for adventure, but afterwards both of them had basically just gone into seclusion to cultivate inside Ling City. Ling Dongxing and his wife led even more boring lives. They had only managed to attain the Celestial King Tier with the help of the alchemical pills concocted by Ling Han. They would never be able to proceed another step further, so they were naturally extremely free and idle.

Mostly, they were listening to Ling Han talk about his adventures. That was far more interesting.

When they found out that Ling Han had already become a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate, and the Empress was a First Tier Heavenly Venerate, everyone naturally couldn’t help but feel envy, and even reverence.

Even the heavens had to respect a Heavenly Venerate; who would dare show them disrespect?

Feng Po Yun and Murong Qing also harshly lectured their own descendants. They were all brothers and fellows-in-arms, so how could they fight among themselves?

Ling Han knew that these people would behave themselves for a while, but it would not take too long before they would return to their old ways.

Just look; what clan did not experience internal strife?

Even in the same family, internal strife could not be settled, what more when it was between families with different surnames.

Forget it. He could not bother with so many things, either.

“First Brother, Third Brother, this time, I have the ability to bring everyone into the Flaming Frost Realm,” Ling Han said.

He had two purposes in returning to the Celestial Realm. The first naturally was to extract the power of dimension here, and the second was to bring his parents and close ones to the Flaming Frost Realm.

Feng Po Yun and Murong Qing naturally agreed without any hesitation, while Ling Dongxing and his wife had to consider the matter for a while. Ling Yueyan, on the other hand, had no grand ambitions. She only wished to stay in Ling City, by the side of her husband. She already had countless descendants, and there were endless worries for her.

Ling Han went to see his uncle as well. Yue Zhen Shan and the others were not at Ling City. Instead, they had built another city, which was not very far from here.

He gave them a year’s time to think it over. A year later, he would bring those who wished to go to the Flaming Frost Realm and set out.

Time passed swiftly. Everyone gathered at Ling City, and when they saw each other, it was as if they had returned to an epoch ago.

There were not many fellow travelers. The majority of “elders” wanted to spend the rest of their retirement lives in the Celestial Realm because they had all broken through with the help of the Celestial King Pill, and there was no chance that they could advance another step further. In that case, what was the point of going to the Flaming Frost Realm?

There were as many elites there as clouds in the skies. Wasn’t this just looking for their own suffering?

But a considerable number of young people chose to go for an adventure in a new world. They wanted to find an even brighter future.

Ling Han’s hand spread out, and he drew all of them into the Celestial Guest Residence. Then, he began to transmigrate through the Genesis World.

This was extremely dangerous. Even Divine Metal would be corroded, and even a Second Tier Heavenly Venerate would not dare make such an attempt.

But Ling Han was different.

It was true that he was only a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate, yet he had mastered the powers of dimensions of the entire Genesis World. He was just like a part of this world, and transmigrating from one dimension to another had become extremely easy. He would not encounter any kind of obstruction at all.

Merely 50-plus years later, Ling Han returned to the Flaming Frost Realm.

...

He had not made arrangements to enroll everyone into the World’s Paramount Martial Academy. There were too many prodigies and elites there, and they would only serve to strike a blow to their pride. It would not have any encouraging effects on them.

Ling Han merely found a peaceful, safe place, and settled everyone there, having them cultivate there. Of course, they could also travel and roam to other places. He left behind some treasures which were powerful enough to suppress a Ninth Heaven Celestial King.

After settling them down, Ling Han set out, and returned to the martial academy again.

He officially applied to “quit school.” From now onwards, he was no longer a member of the martial academy. He would no longer get the protection of the martial academy, and at the same time, there was no need for him to be bound by the rules of the martial academy any longer—even if a Heavenly Venerate would not care about any rules at all in the first place.

The Empress and Bewitching Maiden Rou also quit school. The three of them made some preparations, and then set out towards the Realm Battlefield.

Regarding Ling Han’s application to “quit school,” the authorities of the martial academy were naturally confused. That was because Ling Han had already become a cripple, so it was naturally impossible that he would break any more rules of the martial academy. In that case, it should be better for him to grasp onto his identity as a disciple of the martial academy. That way, no one could harm him openly.

Why had he taken the initiative to surrender this identity?

Amidst their confusion, Ling Han and the others had already set out.

***

At the Realm Battlefield.

The Imperial Void Heavenly Venerate suddenly stood. “Brat, you have finally appeared!” His killing intent gushed out.

...