Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

2795 Tables turned

‘This…!’

Just now, it had been Zhuang Feirui that was extremely aggressive, suppressing Ling Han so hard that the latter couldn’t even fight back at all. But now, in an abrupt turn of events, Zhuang Feirui had actually been sent flying with a single punch from Ling Han.

Everyone knew the reason for this. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

It was simple. In a battle of the same cultivation level, Zhuang Feirui was no match for Ling Han.

!!

Peng! Zhuang Feirui shot out of the rock layers. His eyes were shooting fire, while his black locks fluttered windlessly. This time, he was really enraged.

After advancing to the Heavenly Venerable Tier, he had never suffered such damage.

Furthermore, he was greatly at the advantage previously, expressing a strong disdain towards Ling Han, and looking down on him. But now, he had actually been sent flying with a single punch from the latter. This was equivalent to having tossed all those words of humiliation he had spoken before right onto himself.

How could he not feel humiliated and furious?

Without any other words, he directly charged over. He wanted to blast Ling Han away, washing away his previous embarrassment.

“In a battle of equals, suppressing you will be a piece of cake for me!” Ling Han moved, and pressed down his palm in Zhuang Feirui’s direction.

However, Zhuang Feirui was a super genius, after all. Though he was not as freakish as Ling Han was, even with his cultivation level suppressed to the First Tier, his power still reached the Second Tier.

Previously, Ling Han had been fighting a Fourth Tier with Third-Tier power, but now he was using Third-Tier power to bully a Second Tier. Actually, there was still a gap of a single cultivation level between both sides, but the circumstances of weak and strong had been completely reversed.

This time, it was Zhuang Feirui’s turn to bear up with great difficulty. One after another, he was using Heavenly Venerable Seals, and also unleashing Heavenly Venerate Techniques, but he could still only manage to just barely get by, just like how Ling Han once had.

“Arrogant, just continue being arrogant!” Ling Han humphed. He brandished his fists in a flurry of punches, the speed of his attack increasing further and further.

Zhuang Feirui bore up, his teeth clenched. He was absolutely dead set against lowering his head in front of Ling Han. For someone as proud as him, this was practically even worse than killing him directly. He had a strong belief that the space established here was drastically changing, and it was possible that it would not take too long before they returned to the fourth spatial level.

When that time came, he would definitely make Ling Han pay for this.

“Hehe, then I will suppress you first!” Ling Han did not dare be too careless, either. The establishment of space here was too bizarre. No one knew when it would become the fourth spatial level, and when it would return to the second level.

Peng, peng, peng! Ling Han’s punches were domineering, beating down on Zhuang Feirui so hard that his face was covered in blood, looking extremely tragic.

Shi Mengyu and the others were rendered completely speechless.

A battle of equal levels was the best show of who had the more freakish talent, and without a doubt, this person was Ling Han.

Just how freakish was this guy?

Exactly how many Powers of Dimensions had he extracted?

But countless facts had proven that the total number of Powers of Dimensions could not exceed 1,000. Otherwise, even if one could bear with it for the moment, he would still explode from the overflow as these powers grew in strength.

All cultivators started from the First Tier, followed by Second Tier and so on, and while you, a Sixth Tier, were indeed capable of suppressing over 1,000 Powers of Dimensions of low-level dimensions, how could it be that your Sixth-Tier strength came out of nowhere?

This was a paradox. To reign over more than 1,000 Powers of Dimensions, at least Fifth Tier’s power was needed, but cultivating the Power of Dimension had to begin from the First Tier at the latest, so how could this be done?

Precisely because these people were prodigies, they were even more confused. For those like Shi Mengyu and the others, they had several dozen Powers of Dimensions inside their bodies, but this was their limit. Even one additional Power of Dimension would be enough to cause their bodies to explode.

How could Ling Han be so powerful?

Peng!

Ling Han shot out a kick, which landed on Zhuang Feirui’s lower torso, sending him flying directly. The former set off in quick pursuit, and peng, peng, peng, he forcefully kicked Zhuang Feirui apart in two in a series of kicks.

However, the vitality of a Heavenly Venerate was really too strong. With a single thought, the two halves of Zhuang Feirui’s body instantly pieced themselves back together. With a streak of Primal Chaos, his injuries rapidly disappeared.

Peng! However, he had only just barely healed his injuries when another punch from Ling Han had already crashed into his face. Instantly, half of his face was completely gone.

The battle thus continued in the process of his being tortured repeatedly, causing his injuries to endlessly become more and more severe.

No one helped. They did not dare to. By now, Ling Han’s battle prowess was at the Third Tier. Anyone who dared to face him now would only be tortured in return.

Zhuang Feirui did not dare to face Ling Han head-on. He began to use escape measures to drag out the time. Once the space was reestablished again, he would begin his counterattack, and wash away his previous humiliation.

One fled, while the other pursued.

There was a difference of a cultivation level between them in power. It was already very hard for Zhuang Feirui to escape in the first place, and with the restrictions in space here, it was even more difficult for Zhuang Feirui to escape. He was continuously blasted, with his arms, legs, and head being severed repeatedly, which was too horrible to look at.

Geng Xuandan sighed. Wu Yufeng sighed. Baili Ge sighed. Shi Mengyu sighed. In their impression, Zhuang Feirui’s strength had practically reached an invincible level. In the past, he had been acclaimed as the strongest prodigy, but now he was actually being chased and beaten. This really made one feel rueful.

The prodigies of this generation were those that truly surpassed the generations. Lin Youlian, Xin Qihu, and Wu Haoyang, the three Heavenly Kings, would make so many veteran elites flush with shame. They had originally thought that Ling Han had approached his end, yet they had not thought that this guy had only been stabilizing himself. Once he burst out, he would be world-shaking.

Weng!

All of a sudden, golden light spread out. The Heavenly Venerable Seal had appeared once more.

Everyone turned their attention over. Even if Shi Mengyu worshiped Zhuang Feirui as her idol, she still determinedly averted her gaze.

They were all Heavenly Venerates, and had long since discarded any thought of romantic notions. There was nothing more important than supreme strength.

“This time… more of the seal has appeared!” Wu Yufeng exclaimed in shock.

He had already been here for several epochs. Every time the Heavenly Venerable Seal appeared, he naturally would study it, so he was the most qualified to say this.

The others nodded as well. The Heavenly Venerable Seal that was revealed this time was indeed even bigger and even more complete than ever before. Furthermore, it was no longer blurred. It seemed like it was rising up from beneath the ground.

They studied it hurriedly. Once the Heavenly Venerable Seal really came into existence, it would not last too long. Very soon, it would disperse into the heaven and earth.

…Actually, if it were not for the fact that this was where two realms collided, there would be no way that a Heavenly Venerable Seal would exist. It would have long since been erased.

Ling Han also stopped. Zhuang Feirui was just about to turn his head to look towards the Heavenly Venerable Seal, but Ling Han, without even turning his head, delivered a straight punch right onto his face, and he instantly collapsed.

He did not torture Zhuang Feirui any further, but rather studied this seal first.

Indeed, the seal this time was more complete, but this was in relative terms. About half had been revealed, but this half was very clear, and no longer had any feeling of blurriness.

There was complete silence. Everyone was studying this Heavenly Venerable Seal.

No one knew just how many Heavenly Venerable Seals there were in the world, but every time one appeared, it would cause great strife as people fought madly over it.

Everyone had their own intentions. Yes, Hysteria had to be opposed, but they themselves also had to become stronger.

This time, it seemed like this Heavenly Venerable Seal had really come into being. Golden light shone brilliantly, and did not disperse for a long time.

...

Zhuang Feirui gradually regained consciousness. With a flip, he scrambled to his feet, and was just about to attack, but when his eyes swept over that golden light, he forcefully suppressed this impulse.

His top priority was the Heavenly Venerable Seal. He would obtain it, and then seek Ling Han out for revenge.

He also sat down in a cross-legged position, and began to study this Heavenly Venerable Seal. However, his expression immediately changed drastically.

That was because this Heavenly Venerable Seal was actually cracking.

It would not last for too long, and was about to disperse into the heaven and earth.