2798 Accommodating Dimensions

After Ling Han had successfully applied for leave, he didn’t take any action.

He was too great a target now. First of all, he had offended many people, such as He Liqun and Zhuang Feirui, who surely really wanted to kill him.

In the second spatial level, they were not Ling Han’s match at all, so they would definitely wait for Ling Han to leave the Realm Battlefield, and then wait for an opportunity to make a move.

Although Ling Han’s battle prowess was heaven-defying, he was limited by his cultivation level, after all. He would definitely not be able to beat a Fourth Tier Heavenly Venerate, not to mention that Zhuang Feirui was actually a super genius. Under normal circumstances, his battle prowess was probably even nearing the Fifth Tier.

…There was no way Ling Han’s application for leave could be kept a secret. Those with ulterior motives against him had to have already gotten the news.

Ling Han waited as he had 100,000,000 years of leave anyway. He had deliberately asked for such a long period as, admittedly, the thing that he wanted to get was slightly difficult to obtain, and also because he wanted to create a diversion.

Time passed slowly. Ling Han did not take any action. He simply kept his wives company, and would often speak to the child through the Empress’ stomach.

Several thousand years later, Hysteria’s army launched an extremely violent attack.

This time, it was a large-scale battle that was rarely encountered in 100,000,000 years, and the multitude of Hysteria’s armies storming over was overwhelming. Even with a super elite like Ling Han in command, they still couldn’t defend their base successfully, and had to move back the front line.

Ling Han didn’t let the Empress join the battle. Although she was strong, she was pregnant with a child of the Ling Clan. Ling Han didn’t want his child to die in the mother’s womb.

However, when the war ended, Ling Han suddenly disappeared.

He deliberately used such chaos as a cover. No one knew when he had left.

When Zhuang Feirui and the others found out, they also chased after him, but it was too late, and they couldn’t catch Ling Han.

As soon as Ling Han left the Realm Battlefield, he began to traverse through space.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

This was an ability that no outsider knew about. Each Power of Dimension within his body was a coordinate, which could resonate with the corresponding dimension, allowing him to find the correct path when he traversed the Genesis World, so he wouldn’t lose his way.

Even the Empress wasn’t capable of doing it, as she had fused the Powers of Dimensions into one core, and they were no longer individual entities. Naturally, she no longer possessed the characteristics of each dimension, and thus couldn’t act as a beacon.

Decades later, Ling Han came to a low-level dimension. Here, the Realm War was still on-going, but as Ling Han had “persuaded” them previously, many Heavenly Venerates had already given up, yet there were still some Heavenly Venerates who were still unwilling to do so and were still fighting.

Of course, Ling Han didn’t come here to call them for an accounting. It was because the two great dimensions here had experienced a fierce collision, and there was a very high possibility that a precious treasure that could drive all the Celestial Kings crazy would appear.

…The core of the dimension!

Of course, it was impossible for Ling Han to directly pluck out the core of a real dimension, which would lead to the loss of hundreds of millions of lives. Although Ling Han wanted his child to win at the starting line, he wouldn’t disregard or ignore other living beings, otherwise what difference would there be between him and Hysteria?

However, this place was very similar to the Two Realm Battlefield of the Immortal Realm and Foreign Realm from the past. The collision of two great worlds had created a new realm, which was currently still evolving, with the possibility of producing new life in the future and developing into a new world, but that was still quite far away from now.

What Ling Han wanted was the core of this newly formed world, just like the one he had obtained back then.

How to obtain the core was a very simple matter; the difficulty lay in how he would give this core to the child.

Only the person who first obtained the core of the dimension could become the master of the dimension. After it was transferred, the core of the dimension could only be used to study the power of heaven and earth.

Could Ling Han… simply take the entirety of this newly created world?

This was the reason why Ling Han took such a long leave. Otherwise, how long would it take for him to extract the core of the dimension? At the moment, it was too easy for him to traverse through the Genesis World; perhaps even the Seventh Tier Heavenly Venerate could not be compared to him. However, it was just that the Realm Battlefield was particularly unique, and he hadn’t been able to fully put this ability to good use.

Ling Han studied the matter carefully. After hundreds of years, he had an idea, and put it into action. He started digging out from the point where the two worlds collided in this heaven and earth.

One had to be extremely careful because this was “snatching food from the tiger’s mouth,” which meant it was a very dangerous act. Even if the two low-level dimensions were not as powerful as Ling Han, he still wouldn’t be allowed to do whatever he wanted, because this was equivalent to initiating a Realm War involving territorial disputes.

Therefore, Ling Han had to suppress both worlds. Furthermore, this new heaven and earth could not be destroyed by the impact. Ling Han needed to invest a lot of energy, and he had to meticulously control every step down to the smallest detail.

Time passed continuously, and soon 10,000,000 years had passed. Ling Han finally revealed a smile as he spread out his body, which had enveloped a vast heaven and earth.

This was the new world. If it was set aside after it had been “dug” out, then this new piece of heaven and earth would soon exhaust its Spiritual Qi and be turned into wasteland. After all, this wasn’t a real dimension, and could only be described as a small world.

However, after being picked up by Ling Han, it became completely different.

There were endless Powers of Dimensions within Ling Han’s body, which could be regarded as a miniature version of the Genesis World. In that case, why couldn’t he make use of a Genesis World to nourish a small world?

In the future, he could place this piece of heaven and earth back in its original location. It wouldn’t belong to any dimension, and as long as it didn’t get destroyed by elites, it could exist for a very, very long time, which would be enough for his child to be the master of the dimension for many years. Then, wouldn’t it be easy for him to break through to the Heavenly Venerable Tier?

This was undoubtedly extremely troublesome. However, to Ling Han, what could be wrong with paving the way for his own child?

Moreover, would he be the only one capable of thinking like this?

Ling Han couldn’t help but think of young big shots such as Lin Youlian, Xin Qihu, and the others who were able to make such great advancements. Could it be that they had obtained the core of a dimension when they were young, and had access to Power of Dimension on a daily basis, and advanced to become a Fourth Tier Heavenly Venerate in just one billion years as a result?

This was quite fishy.

Ling Han’s advancement was no longer slow. However, unless he could master more than 30 Heavenly Venerable Seals, it was absolutely impossible for him to advance to the Fourth Tier within a billion years.

Therefore, he had already lost at the starting line.

It was alright, for speedy advancement didn’t mean that one’s future would definitely be revolving around suppressing others. No, it didn’t matter whether it was Xin Qihu, Lin Youlian, or Wu Haoyang, as they were all stuck at the Fourth Tier, and had not stepped into the Fifth Tier after one epoch, giving others enough time to catch up.

Ling Han believed that his body had accommodated countless Power of Dimensions, and he himself could be regarded as another Genesis World, so there absolutely wouldn’t be any bottleneck in achieving the Seventh Tier.

He started to head back.

Ling Han went away quietly, and his coming back was also quite sudden. Without anyone suspecting, he suddenly returned to the second spatial level, first to cancel his leave, and subsequently to accompany his wife.

The Empress’ lower abdomen was already revealing an obvious bulge. From the looks of her pregnancy, she was only three or four months pregnant, still far away from giving birth.

Ling Han was in no hurry. This child would grow up too fast after birth, and would in the blink of an eye become an adult who would either marry a wife or get married to a husband and start a family.

Therefore, Ling Han really cherished the present time very much.

There had been almost no battles on the second spatial level recently. It was said that Hysteria was concentrating on attacking the sixth spatial level, and committing all the “production capacity” to the Fifth Tier Heavenly Venerates. Therefore, the pressure was smaller on the other spatial levels.

This wasn’t a good piece of news.