Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

2800 Was it really peaceful now?

An energy storm had suddenly appeared between the two realms, and even Sixth Tier Heavenly Venerates could not enter. This matter was too serious.

Ling Han steeled himself, and asked the three great Sixth Tier Heavenly Venerates whether this was a conspiracy created by Hysteria.

Zhou Heng and the others also studied and analyzed the situation in detail, but they could not discern what was fishy about this entire event.

…The energy storm could not be a deception. Not only had they, the Sixth Tier Heavenly Venerates, tested it, even those Seventh Tier Heavenly Venerates personally confirmed that it was real.

!!

From now onwards, only Seventh Tier Heavenly Venerates could directly battle with Hysteria here, and whether it was Sixth Tier Heavenly Venerates or Hysteria’s creations, it was no longer possible for them to enter here.

In other words, it would only be Seventh Tier Heavenly Venerates clashing directly with Hysteria, and it was no longer the concern of others.

“In the past, this kind of thing had also happened before, but the energy storm would only last for several hundred million years, at most. It has never been as terrifying as this time,” Chu Hao said.

At first glance, there was nothing wrong about that. It was only that the conflict of the two dimensions was too powerful, which caused an energy storm such that not only even Sixth Tier Heavenly Venerates could not enter, the time it would last for also seemed close to endless.

The Genesis World… was peaceful now?

It was not only Ling Han and the others. The other Heavenly Venerates were also analyzing and pondering, but no matter how hard they were thinking, none of them thought that this was a conspiracy of Hysteria’s making. Perhaps peace had truly come.

Of course, the prerequisite was that those Seventh Tier Heavenly Venerates were capable of stopping Hysteria. Otherwise, Hysteria itself would be the greatest calamity.

Ling Han left. Next, he naturally had to consider the matter of where he was going.

With his and the Empress’s cultivation path, it did not matter where they cultivated before reaching the Second Tier. They mainly would be strengthening themselves, so it was more or less the same whichever dimension they were cultivating in.

Hence, they could run all over the Genesis World now, going sightseeing and enjoying these rare days of peace.

But if they stayed here, it would at least increase their speed of cultivation a bit. After all, this was the only transcendent dimension. Moreover, Ling Han had already taken all those close to him here, so there was no reason that compelled him to return to the Celestial Realm.

Ling Han decided to live in seclusion for a while, and watch his daughter grow up. This was his greatest desire now.

The women naturally would not object. Hence, Ling Han returned to where his parents were, and began his life of seclusion.

When Ling Dongxing and his wife knew that Ling Han had gained a precious daughter, they were also happy for him. In fact, they doted on the little girl even more than he did. They would be holding her constantly in their arms, unwilling to put her down.

Then, there was an extremely important matter.

…And that was naming the little girl.

The right to name her was directly taken away from Ling Han. Just look at what kind of names he had given to those animals. If this guy was allowed to name her, the little girl would probably be cursing him secretly in future.

This made Ling Han very depressed. He dragged the large black dog out with him for a drinking binge, forcing so much alcohol into the large black dog that he was drunk for a considerable number of days.

After everyone’s discussions, they decided to name the little girl Ling Xi.

Originally, Ling Han was not very happy, but upon further thought, a name was merely a codename. What did it matter whether he was the one to name her or not? For example, if he wanted to, he completely could give his daughter a nickname like “baby” or something.

Ling Han set everything aside, and simply stayed by his daughter’s side. At the same time, he also continued to work hard, hoping that he could have more children, but this kind of thing really couldn’t be rushed.

Ling Xi grew very slowly. Others would have already become young girls after over a dozen years, but she still did not look much different from when she had just been born. She was still drinking milk, and couldn’t talk, either, only being capable of making baby talk.

Ling Han couldn’t help but sweat. “It can’t be that we have become parents of a silly girl, right?”

In the end, not only did the women all roll their eyes at him, even Ling Dongxing and Ling Han’s mother smacked him a few times on the head. How could anyone speak of their own daughter like that?

This was because Ling Han was too anxious. Though he did not want to see his daughter mature so quickly, the fact that she had not grown even the slightest bit after a dozen or so years naturally made him feel slightly agitated. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

This was too slow, wasn’t it?

However, Ling Xi was still slowly growing.

30 years later, she finally began learning how to talk, and was indescribably adorable. 100 years later, she had grown to look like a three- or four-year-old toddler, and was as cute and enchanting as a little elf.

Every single member of the Ling Clan loved this little princess to bits. In fact, when Zhou Heng and Chu Hao came to pay them a visit, and saw this little girl, they both instantly wanted to set up a betrothal between her and their grandson. In the end, no matter what they did, Ling Han still adamantly refused.

Unlike Ling Jianxue in his childhood, Ling Xi was obedient, astonishingly gentle, and quiet. Since childhood, she already had the bearing of a young mistress of a noble clan. Everyone praised that she would definitely be a good wife and mother in the future, which caused Ling Han great jealousy. He really wanted to strangle that damn brat who would be taking his daughter away from him in the future to death.

He lived in seclusion here, but there were no genuine secrets in this world. Moreover, wherever he was, that place was a sacred land. This small place gradually developed, and became well-known.

The model of a city appeared, and after everyone discussed it, it was once again named Ling City.

Feng Po Yun, Murong Qing, and the Rain Emperor all gradually left on their travels, but as long as Ling Han was here as overseer, what would they have to worry about?

Ling Xi’s progress in cultivation was shockingly quick. With Ling Han’s guidance and nurturing, Celestial-King-Tier Great Herbs would naturally be available easily, and with the core of a dimension helping her to comprehend Dao, as well as having Wally become her teacher, the little girl soon advanced to the Second Heaven. Furthermore, her foundations were extremely strong at that.

300 years passed, and the little girl looked to be seven or eight years old by now. Everyone was discussing whether they should send Ling Xi into the World’s Paramount Martial Academy.

Ling Han naturally objected adamantly. Wouldn’t it be better for him to teach her? Why did she have to go to the martial academy?

Thus, this matter was set aside.

Time passed quickly, and another 1,000 years had passed. Ling Xi finally looked like she was in her early teens. Her personality became quieter, but her appearance was also resembling that of the Empress more and more, yet her style was the complete opposite of the Empress’.

The Empress was cool and aloof, noble and graceful, while Ling Xi was easily approachable, and did not put on any airs at all.

On this day, Ling Xi suddenly said to Ling Han that she wanted to cultivate in the World’s Paramount Martial Academy.

She gave a great many reasons, and the biggest reason was how Ling Han had not only entered into the martial academy when he had been at the Third Heaven, he had even cultivated at the Celestial King Graveyard. She wanted to follow in her father’s footsteps.

Though the little girl was quiet and gentle, Ling Han knew that she was just like him in her bones, having an extraordinarily stubborn personality. Once she had already made her decision on a matter, no one would be able to make her change her mind.

Ling Han could only agree. After all, there was nothing dangerous in the martial academy.

However, how could a daughter-spoiling madman possibly rest easy?

Ling Han told his daughter to wait for a while, and ventured to a low-level dimension again, “digging” out that small world. After refining it with his great power, he placed it within Ling Xi’s body.

In this way, Ling Xi only had to extract the energy of the small world, and she could possess the power of a Pseudo-Heavenly Venerate.

That should be enough, right?

Ling Han was still worried, and decided to forge a few more treasures for his daughter. In the end, all of the women were complaining. Thankfully, Ling Xi was not the type to be mischievous. Otherwise, wouldn’t this little girl dismantle the whole martial academy when she went to the academy?

Only then did Ling Han stop sheepishly and send his daughter to the World’s Paramount Martial Academy.

He also knew that he had caused quite a large amount of trouble when he had been there, so he did not expose his identity. After sending his daughter into the martial academy, he had even stayed a considerable number of months outside on purpose. Once he had confirmed that his daughter could grow accustomed to life here, he then returned to Ling City.

...

However, something had happened in Ling City.