Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

2834 The empress intervenes

The Empress’s and Ling Xi’s personality were complete opposites.

Ling Xi was quiet, and avoided conflict. If she met with any trouble, she would be more willing to settle it peacefully. Even if she had to experience a little loss, she wouldn’t mind. But the Empress was different. She was really one who considered everyone else below her notice, and thought that everyone in the world should worship and respect her. She would not condone the slightest bit of disrespect.

And now there was actually someone that wanted to kill her daughter. How could she not feel blazing killing intent?

“Die!” The Empress charged out. Boom! Her aura surged boundlessly, and even the heavens could not suppress her aura, forcing those bolts of lightning to disappear when they had just struck out a few dozen meters.

Jiuwu Heavenly Venerate hurriedly stepped forth to meet her in battle.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

Very quickly, they had taken their battle from the ground into the air, each of them using their respective ultimate techniques, and fighting very intensely.

The Empress had just broken through into the Second Tier, but she had condensed the power of 100 dimensions, and they were all high-level dimensions at that. How strong had she been when she had reached peak-stage First Tier? And now, though she was only in the early stage of the Second Tier, her power had reached the early stage of the Third Tier, increased by a whole cultivation level.

She was attacking with fury, her black locks flying wildly. She was both beautiful and noble, and was surrounded by an air of danger.

Jiuwu Heavenly Venerate was stunned. He realized that he was actually unable to suppress the Empress.

It was clear that there was a gap of a cultivation level between them, so it should have been a completely one-sided suppression.

F***, was everyone in the Ling Clan a freak?

Jiuwu Heavenly Venerate could not accept this. When they had been in the Celestial Realm, he had been one of the only three Heavenly Venerates in existence. A single thought had been enough to decide the fate of every single living being in the world. Be it Ling Han or the Empress, they had both been incredibly puny existences in his eyes, reaching the point of being negligible.

But who would have imagined that only over an epoch had passed, and not only Ling Han was strong enough to match him, but even the Empress could achieve the same feat now.

What had gone wrong with this world? It was too crazy, wasn’t it?

Jiuwu’s killing intent blazed. Since this whole family was so freakish, it was even more necessary for him to eliminate all of them as soon as possible. Otherwise, it would be his turn to tremble in fear in the future.

Boom!

He went all out, using Heavenly Venerate Tools, Heavenly Venerate Techniques, and Heavenly Venerable Seals, instantly boosting his battle prowess to the extreme.

The destruction caused by their clash was too wide-ranging. Space was shattered, and even Time was messed up. A Timestream appeared, vague and blurred.

Countles images appeared, blurred and indistinct, but when a certain scene was reached, the scene of Ling Han, Hu Niu, the Empress, and the others being hunted down by Jiuwu Heavenly Venerate appeared.

…In the past, Ling Han and his group had needed to journey to the source of the TImestream to cultivate their Greatest Eternity Everlasting Physique, but they had been beaten down mercilessly by Jiuwu Heavenly Venerate in the end. Thankfully, the Karmic Life Heavenly Venerate was there as well, and only with him was such a huge crisis resolved.

However, after leaving the Timestream, their memories had all been wiped and they could not remember this.

But this was the Flaming Frost Realm, which had its own Regulations of Time. When the two great elites clashed, they collided with the Timestream, and that scene from the past actually reappeared in front of them.

In this instant, both great elites recovered this part of their memory.

“No wonder I felt an impulsive urge that I had to kill all of you when I saw you. So this is the truth!” Jiuwu Heavenly Venerate said menacingly. He kept feeling an inexplicable hatred towards Ling Han. Previously, he had not known why that was the case, and thought that it was merely because he was worried that after Ling Han grew strong enough, he would become a threat to himself. He had not expected that there had been an earlier grudge between them.

The Empress was even more menacing. This old bastard had actually dared to hunt her down?

‘You’re seeking death!!’

She was utterly enraged, and sent out a palm strike. Peng, peng, peng, peng! Stars rained down from the skies, and even those further in the distance were no exception. They were completely unable to bear the might of her aura. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

This time, the Empress had really become serious.

A blurred seal appeared in the middle of her forehead, but it was exuding a powerful aura capable of suppressing the heavens. Her delicate hand descended, and boundless brilliance surged, as if the heaven and earth and eternity was collapsing, with time being destroyed as well.

“Eternity Destruction!” the Empress declared, and boom, her delicate hand landed.

When she had advanced to the Second Tier, she had automatically mastered a Heavenly Venerable Seal, and just like how it had been when Ling Han advanced to the First Tier, it directly boosted her power by 22 times. Furthermore, she had also created her own Heavenly Venerate Technique, and with both of them being used at the same time, her battle prowess was boosted to a new height.

“What?!” Jiuwu Heavenly Venerate exclaimed in shock, parrying the Empress’s blow with a punch, but he was completely outmatched.

…He had only mastered the more widely known seven seals, and just how much of a power boost could they provide for him?

Peng! Jiuwu Heavenly Venerate was instantly sent flying, already throwing up blood while his body was flying through the air, but his blood could not reach the ground, as it was immediately destroyed by the heaven and earth.

Heavenly Venerates were envied by the heaven and earth. If they could be eliminated, the heaven and earth would definitely have no mercy.

The Empress unleashed a battle cry and pursued, continuing a mad barrage of attacks.

Jiuwu Heavenly Venerate could only parry. No, he could only passively take a beating. The Empress’s present battle prowess had directly soared to late-stage Third Tier, and even if Jiuwu Heavenly Venerate went all out, his battle prowess could only reach middle-stage Third Tier.

Though there was only a slight difference between the two, this determined his fate of being beaten and unable to fight back.

“Damn it!!” Jiuwu Heavenly Venerate roared in fury. He was unable to get out of this situation at all, and this strike to his pride was really too strong.

However, after suffering several dozen blows in a row, he finally realized that there was no way he could be a match for the Empress. If they continued to fight, he could really die here.

He turned around harshly, descended, and was just about to grab Rong Xinkuan so they could escape together.

Peng!

The Empress’s palm descended, boundless divine light surging. Pa! Rong Xinkuan did not even have the chance to struggle before he was crushed into dust by this extremely domineering power.

…Even Ling Xi could not possibly match the power of Third Tier, what more he.

Jiuwu faltered, then immediately turned, and left without the slightest hesitation.

Very good. Rong Xinkuan was already dead, and Jiuwu had tried his best. There was no way he could be called to account for this. Everything had gone beyond his expectations—though the one who had delivered the blow was not Ling Han, what difference did it make if it was the Empress or Ling Han who had delivered the fatal blow?

Jiuwu moved quickly, fleeing into the distance. Even if the Empress’s present battle prowess surpassed his, it was still completely unrealistic if she wanted to catch up to a Heavenly Venerate of the same cultivation level.

She only pursued him for a few steps before giving up, and descended onto the ground.

“Mother!” Ling Xi pounced, throwing herself into the Empress’s arms.

The Empress stroked her daughter’s silky hair gently, and then pushed Ling Xi away. She had never been one to enjoy this kind of clingy embrace, unless the other party was Ling Han.

“Mother, that man seems to have some background.” Ling Xi was naturally used to the Empress’s attitude.

“Who?” the Empress asked carelessly.

Ling Xi couldn’t help but feel speechless. ‘You have just killed him with a single palm strike, and now you have actually forgotten about him the moment you turned your head?’ She pointed at where Rong Xinkuan had been killed, and said, “There, that’s the one.”

...

“Nothing but a common dog,” the Empress said disdainfully.

Ling Xi shook her head. “His background is definitely not so simple. Even a Third Tier Heavenly Venerate had to obey his commands.”

The Empress sneered. How could a Ninth Heaven possibly be able to command a Heavenly Venerate? To say nothing of a Third Tier, even a First Tier Heavenly Venerate would not be ordered around. With how intelligent she was, she immediately realized that the Jiuwu Heavenly Venerate wanted to use Rong Xinkuan as a tool.

“There’s no need to be afraid,” she said.

If a Sixth Tier Heavenly Venerate really attacked, Lin Xiaoyang would definitely intervene. This was the territory of the Lin Clan, after all.

Ling Xi could only nod, and she soon broke into a smile. “Mother, you have broken through to the Second Tier?”

“En.” The Empress nodded. She glanced at her daughter. “You, too, should go to other dimensions; your foundations have been tempered just about enough.”

“But at this time…” Ling Xi was hesitant.

“With me and your father here, what is there to worry about?” The Empress’s words were extremely dominant.