Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

2837 Ling Han versus Rong Yang

Ling Han sighed in relief, layers of cold sweat covering his body.

So strange; why was it that he kept bumping into Hysteria?

‘Hmm?’

He paused slightly, and sensed a powerful aura, as well as the feelings of anxiety and terror that were exuding from the Empress and the others.

!!

There was an enemy!

He was both furious and shocked. This was the ancestral grounds of the Lin Clan; how could they have met with an enemy attack here? But the Empress and the others were in danger, so what time would he have to ponder on this problem? He immediately rose up, and directly traversed through the space, flying into the air.

Boom, Rong Yang’s palm was just about to strike the Empress when he felt a frightening aura assail him, causing him to shiver.

He hurriedly withdrew his attack, and became serious because he had a feeling that if the other party landed an attack on him, he would not be able to block it with the power of his defense.

Ling City… actually had such a powerful elite?

“Ling Han!”

“Brother Ling!”

“Fourth Brother!”

The Empress and the others all exclaimed in surprise. In their eyes, once Ling Han appeared, anything and everything could be easily resolved.

“So you are Ling Han?” Rong Yang set his eyes on Ling Han. Clang! The heaven and earth reacted, and were just about to unleash a great tribulation to blast Ling Han madly.

Rong Yang knew that Ling Han had previously been only a First Tier, so he should have just advanced to the Second Tier by now.

A mere Second Tier was actually capable of making him feel threatened?

Rong Yang recalled how Ling Han had been able to match Third Tiers when he himself was only in First Tier; could it be that he was able to match a Fourth Tier now that he had advanced to the Second Tier?

It should be known that even if anyone condensed several dozen or even over 100 Powers of Dimension in the First Tier, and was capable of crushing his peers of the same cultivation level, this advantage would actually be slowly reduced as cultivation level increased.

That was because the increase in strength with every step taken at the Heavenly Venerable Tier was really much, much too great. As a simple example, when one was in the First Tier, the ratio of strength would be 10:1, but every step further would be an increase of 10 or 100 points of battle prowess. In that case, though there would still be a gap, this gap would undoubtedly become smaller and smaller.

Hence, even if Ling Han could match a Third Tier when he was in the First Tier, his battle prowess at the same cultivation level would definitely decline considerably after he advanced to the Second Tier. If he could still fight against an opponent who had an advantage of two cultivation levels over him, that would be too inconceivable.

Hence, Rong Yang was very confused about that feeling that he had just felt. Why would he feel wary of someone who had just broken through to the Second Tier? This was unbelievable to him.

Boom!

However, what responded to him was not Ling Han’s words, but rather his fist, which was filled with dominance and fury. There was also an indescribably grand aura, as if this whole world, no, the entire Genesis World could be destroyed with a single blow.

Rong Yang brandished a fist in response. Peng! Great power collided, and both of them trembled before simultaneously flying backwards. Clearly, their power was within the same level.

Fourth Tier, this was indeed the power of the Fourth Tier. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Rong Yang steadied his footing. “You are truly overbearing. You have killed one of our Rong Clan, yet are not showing the slightest bit of apology. Instead, you are just acting forceful!”

Ling Han’s gaze swept over, and he had already spotted Jiuwu Heavenly Venerate. Though he did not know how things had happened, he could already guess. This had to have something to do with Jiuwu Heavenly Venerate.

“No need for so much nonsense. We fight first!” Ling Han rushed forwards. They actually dared attack his wife, friends, and brothers, so even if he did not kill Rong Yang, he was determined to beat him into a pulp.

Rong Yang had no choice but to parry, and exchanged blows with Ling Han.

Their power was within the same level, but it was still Rong Yang that was slightly stronger. After all, his cultivation level was early-stage Fourth Tier, and added with how he had fused over 30 Powers of Dimension when he had been in the First Tier, his battle prowess was comparable to late-stage Fourth Tier, which was naturally stronger than Ling Han.

But after Ling Han started using Fists of Fury, his disadvantage was immediately reversed.

This was a Heavenly Venerate Technique that Ling Han had invented himself, and was most suited for him, pushing his battle prowess to the late stage of the Fourth Tier, which was enough to match Rong Yang.

No, the Fist Intent of Fists of Fury was mad fury, and the present Ling Han was in a state of utter fury. Every blow he delivered was above standard. In fact, it was battle prowess that was close to the peak stage of the Fourth Tier, so Rong Yang had no choice but to use a Heavenly Venerate Technique in response as well.

Now, the two were evenly matched.

As the two of them fought, their anger was also rising. They both drew their Heavenly Venerate Tools, and boosted their battle prowess with Heavenly Venerable Seals.

A blurred seal flickered on Rong Yang’s forehead, his battle prowess immediately soaring over a dozen times.

This was clearly not one of the more widely known seven seals. As for whether Rong Yang himself had obtained it through comprehension, or obtained it from a historical site, or it had been severed from Rong Tianyu’s mind and passed on to his son, it was unclear.

Ling Han was not willing to show weakness, either; he similarly channeled a Heavenly Venerable Seal.

This was not one of the 13 seals that he had previously gotten, but rather one that had automatically appeared in his mind when he had just broken through to the Second Tier.

The Fourteenth Heavenly Venerable Seal!

Weng! Ling Han’s battle prowess immediately soared by 29 times.

This was extremely frightening. It should be known that any solitary seal, even if it was the Eighth Seal, could only boost his battle prowess by 27 times, and it was only after combining the Four Directions Seals that allowed his battle prowess to increase by 39 times, which had surpassed this Fourteenth Seal.

Most importantly, this Fourteenth Seal was actually still incomplete, just like how the Eighth Seal had previously been.

Then, after it was mended, just how many times would it increase his battle prowess?

40 times? 50 times?

Ling Han unleashed a battle cry, his right hand throwing out a Fist of Fury, while his left hand was striking out with the Divine Demon Sword, pushing his battle prowess to the extreme.

In this manner, the gap between them was obvious. Rong Yang was outmatched.

Rong Yang could not accept this. He, a dignified Fourth Tier Heavenly Venerate, was actually no match for a Second Tier Heavenly Venerate?

He knew that this primarily was because the level of the Heavenly Venerable Seal that Ling Han had mastered was superior, and it was not just a little bit superior at that, but rather a lot more superior. He gritted his teeth and forged on. Heavenly Venerable Seals could only release energy for two hours. As long as he could weather this period of time, he did not believe that Ling Han would have another high-level Heavenly Venerable Seal.

By that time, he would definitely be able to turn tables around. That was because he was a noble, dignified Fourth Tier Heavenly Venerate. How could the number of high-level Heavenly Venerable Seals he had mastered be less than Ling Han’s?

Peng!

A heavy punch landed on Rong Yang, and he felt his face ache and burn hotly. This infuriated him, and he released a loud roar.

However, it was useless.

Peng, peng, peng! Rong Yang continuously sustained blows. The power of Ling Han’s fists was too overwhelming. Every blow caused Rong Yang’s body to tremble, and even his bones were close to breaking.

...

Gritting his teeth, he forged onwards. How could it be that he would not be able to last even two hours?

The Empress and the others all felt gratified to see this. All of them had been seriously wounded by Rong Yang, and they naturally felt pleased to see Rong Yang suffering a beating now.

However, Rong Yang’s tenacity was truly astonishing. He actually managed to forcefully last two hours.

“Haha, do you still have such high-level Heavenly Venerable Seals?” Rong Yang laughed loudly. He thought that this was the Heavenly Venerable Seal that Ling Han had obtained from the Realm Battlefield and which had been nurtured from the blood, flesh, and essence of countless Third Tier Heavenly Venerates, so it was normal for it to have such a high level.

“It’s my turn now!” Rong Yang had also exhausted a Heavenly Venerable Seal, and immediately added another. Though it was not as astounding as that first one, it still helped his battle prowess to soar to 14 times his normal.

Peng!

He exchanged a single blow with Ling Han, and his whole person was instantly sent flying backwards.

‘What?!’

Rong Yang was dumbfounded. Why was his battle prowess still outmatched?

How could a Heavenly Venerate that had just barely advanced to the Second Tier possibly possess more than one high-level Heavenly Venerable Seal?

...