Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 2843  So you too are...

Meng Dong was very aggressive.

He did have a basis to be forceful. He was a Second Tier who already possessed strength that could match a Fourth Tier, and just how many of such prodigies actually existed in the entire Genesis World?

Did even Lin Youlian, Xin Qihu, and Wu Haoyang have such strength in the past?

This kind of prodigy should have been famous throughout the world, yet it was like he suddenly popped out of a crack in the ground; no one knew his background at all. All they knew was that his name was Meng Dong.

Perhaps even Meng Dong was just his alias.

But faced with Ling Han, Meng Dong was actually at a disadvantage, retreating continuously under Ling Han's mad barrage of Fists of Fury.

"Charge!!" he roared in fury, his mouth spitting out various types of weapons nonstop. This was extremely terrifying. Even a Third Tier Heavenly Venerate could be insta-killed, but Ling Han could forcefully shatter the weapons that were launched at him with just a single punch.

He drew a precious tool. It was an ancient mirror, with seven seals flickering within, and exuding a blinding brilliance.

Ling Han couldn't help but close his eyes. This light had very strong destructive power to the eyes physically, and even a powerful Heavenly Venerate like himself could not look at it directly.

Taking advantage of this opportunity, Meng Dong charged over, sending a palm strike right at Ling Han's head. The air of Primal Chaos descended, and it was like he was a demonic god.

This Heavenly Venerate Tool was not an attack type, but rather a supplementary type, which showed just how great Meng Dong's confidence in himself was.

The Heavenly Venerate Tool was only a supplementary tool, and he himself had strength that could suppress everything.

Ling Han released a battle cry. He did not draw the Divine Demon Sword, but rather waved his fists in a powerful attack. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

From a certain angle, his battle prowess when using Fists of Fury was superior to when he used the Divine Demon Sword because he could only strike out powerfully with his force when he was using the Divine Demon Sword, but the Fists of Fury was a secret technique that he had invented himself, so it could boost his battle prowess to a greater degree.

Under the shining brilliance of that blazing light, Ling Han really couldn't see anything.

Not only could he not open his eyes because of this light, but even his divine sense was cut off. If it mean the degree of Ling Han's freakish talent was superior to even Meng Dong's, and this was even 13:24

more unbelievable for them.

did not have this kind of effect, this supplementary-type precious tool would be too useless.

Ling Han was completely throwing punches based on his battle instincts. His skin could feel the force behind blows, and his sense of danger allowed him to react in the most logical way.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

The two of them battled intensely, going all out in every single move, bent on defeating their opponent.

All around them, people were watching anxiously. They had extremely complicated feelings. They hoped that Meng Dong could lose just once, but at the same time, if Meng Dong lost, that would mean the degree of Ling Han's freakish talent was superior to even Meng Dong's, and this was even more unbelievable for them.

However, no matter how complicated their feelings were, it could not have the slightest effect on the battle situation.

…Ling Han was gradually getting the upper hand.

"Looks like I have underestimated you," Meng Dong said, light of intelligence flickering in his eyes.

Ling Han smiled slightly. "Yet I have overestimated you. Just that bit of strength is not worthy of making you my opponent."

"What wild boasting!" Meng Dong sneered. The seals flickering on his body suddenly dispersed, and three seals on his chest lit up at the same time instead, instantly causing his battle prowess to spike madly.

Boom! He struck out with a palm, and even the heaven and earth were trembling.

"Combination seals?" Ling Han asked casually.

"That's right; they can boost my battle prowess to 32 times!" Meng Dong declared proudly.

Ling Han laughed. "You are not the only one to have mastered combination seals!" He, too, dispersed the Ninth Seal that was presently activated, and he channeled the Four Directions Seals as replacement, and his power began to spike wildly as well.

39 times!

Previously, Meng Dong's battle prowess was already slightly weaker than Ling Han's, and now a great gap had appeared in their power again, so he was naturally even more inferior to Ling Han now.

Originally, he was only at a slight disadvantage, yet now he was at a clear disadvantage, and anyone could tell this with a single glance.

If things went on like this, Meng Dong would lose.

"Not bad, you are truly not bad. Looks like this powerful move of mine must be used on you." Meng Dong laughed loudly. He suddenly stretched out his right hand, and grabbed over at Ling Han. This hand grew exponentially in size, as if it had turned into a piece of the heaven and earth.

'Destructive Heavenly Origin!' he called out inwardly.

Boom! The large hand descended, and everyone felt a boundless feeling of repression rise up in their hearts, as if even their souls were about to be forcefully ripped apart.

What kind of technique was this? How could it cause such pressure even on Heavenly Venerates?

Ling Han also felt an indescribable pain, feeling as if even his head was about to explode, but right in the next instant, a power suddenly surged inside his body, and expelled this feeling of pressure completely.

He had no time to wonder where this power had come from. He hurriedly threw a punch in response to that giant hand.

Peng! This giant hand was blown up with a single punch from him.

…Setting aside that repressed feeling, this move was only very strong, but not overwhelmingly so.

"En?" Meng Dong showed a hint of disbelief. In fact, he even stopped. He could not accept the fact that this strike from him had failed.

But after only an instant, realization dawned on him. "So you, too, are…"

'So you too are what?'

Ling Han was surprised, and asked, "Why don't you finish your words?"

Meng Dong nodded, yet said, "Hehe, it is no wonder you do not know, because you have not awakened yet. No rush, no rush. When there comes a day that you understand, there will naturally be no need for me to explain anything."

What did these confusing words mean?

Ling Han frowned. "Speak clearly!"

"Haha, consider this win yours, little brother!" Meng Dong forfeited the battle, and directly turned around and left. With a single step, he crossed 500 km, and then his voice floated towards him slowly. "I forfeit."

The words that he had previously spoken had been directly communicated to Ling Han's mind via divine sense, and only these last words "I forfeit" were directly spoken out loud, which everyone heard.

Meng Dong had lost.

Though everyone had expected this, hearing Meng Dong admit it personally would still incite some surprise because he could actually still last for a very long time with his condition. Furthermore, once he endured Ling Han's burst of power, who knew what changes would take place in the battle situation.

Who knew, maybe it would be Meng Dong that was stronger when the next Heavenly Venerable Seal lit up, right?

Ling Han stood motionless and silent; he was pondering the words that Meng Dong had said.

What did he mean?

Judging by his tone, it seemed like they should know each other, and were in the same group.

But Ling Han definitely did not think that he had encountered Meng Dong before. He could swear to the heaven and earth.

Strange, the events that had taken place recently were all too bizarre.

For some reason, Ling Han could not control his own divine sense, and actually entered into the Void when he had been breaking through to the Second Tier, and even encountered Hysteria. Moreover, he had also gained the ability to devour the life essence of a dead Heavenly Venerate, and a mysterious power had even arisen within his body just now.

He could not explain all of this, but it seemed… Perhaps Meng Dong would understand.

Ling Han did not pursue him. The other party's strength was not much weaker than his own, and he would not be able to force out answers from him. Moreover, it was clear that Meng Dong had no intention to take the initiative to explain things to him at present.

He turned around, and walked towards Zhuang Bi. He had best retrieve the Heavenly Venerable Seals he had won first.

Everyone looked on, all feeling envious.

Those were 20 Heavenly Venerable Seals.

Some already wanted to make a move, but they still forcefully suppressed the urge. They could not break the rules here. Otherwise, would there be others who would want to fight in future?

Ling Han sat down on the sidelines first, and then completely refined all 20 Heavenly Venerable Seals. With the passing of time, they would disperse if he did not do so.

Others began to fight as well. Without a monster like Meng Dong, there was finally no one that would cause further disturbance.

Of course, now that Ling Han had replaced him, it was probable that there would be no one that would want to fight him.