Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

2846 Heavenly Venerable Stone mine

It was already not just once that Ling Han had encountered Hysteria in the Void. He could be considered once bitten, twice shy. He had no choice but to keep up his guard.

Lin Xiaoyang nodded. “The Void is indeed Hysteria’s territory, but its main body is presently fighting Father and the others intensely, so it can only mobilize its doppelgangers. Thus, its battle prowess would only be at the Sixth Tier at most. We are completely able to match that.”

At present, there were around 100 Sixth Tier Heavenly Venerates in the Flaming Frost Realm in total. This was an astonishing power. It was definitely no problem for their combined forces to battle Hysteria’s doppelgangers.

Lin Xiaoyang and the others discussed the matter, while Ling Han listened from the sidelines. Though he was incredibly freakish, he clearly was not yet qualified to take part in this kind of discussion at present.

In any case, he had made his decision. He was definitely going to this primitive dimension so he could obtain more Heavenly Venerable Seals.

It was not just the Lin Alliance. Every force was discussing this primitive dimension that had suddenly popped up.

Everyone was doubtful. How could there possibly appear a dimension inside the Void? It should be known that the Void was filled completely with the fundamental power of the Genesis World. It was extremely violent, and only Third Tier Heavenly Venerates and stronger could traverse the Void. Otherwise, even Second Tier Heavenly Venerates would be in danger.

Yet now it was said that there was actually a dimension lying right within the Void. How could this be believed?

But while they did not believe it, various forces still set out respectively.

Ling Han also brought the Empress and the others, with Lin Xiaoyang and other Sixth Tier Heavenly Venerates clearing the path as they headed towards that primitive dimension.

The Sixth Tier was too strong; they discovered that dimension in the Void merely over a dozen years later.

Pu, pu, pu! They entered into this dimension, and when they passed through the dimensional barrier, it was like they had been squeezed into a bubble. Moreover, once they entered, they discovered that there was no energy of the Void in this place. Instead, it appeared relatively peaceful.

This kind of peace was only relatively speaking. There were still surges of an energy storm, but even the lowest level of Celestial King Tier could tolerate this. Of course, this was the limit. Should an Ascending Origin Tier enter this place, they would immediately be ripped into shreds by these wild waves of energy.

Actually, it was also very dangerous for lower-level Celestial Kings to enter here. It was best that they had attained Third Heaven and above. In that case, there would basically be no problems.

It was precisely like that. This was a completely barren place, where there was no existence of living beings.

…When nurturing life, it definitely had to start from the weak before growing stronger, right? But living beings below the Celestial King Tier could not survive here, so how was life supposed to come into being?

Unless it was an existence that possessed Celestial-King-Tier strength from birth.

Ling Han and the others began to carry out large-scale construction here, building a fort that belonged to them.

This was a wonderful time to stake a claim to territory. Otherwise, with the passing of time, the territory would have been divided long ago, and that was the most important resource here. It could be foreseen that carnage would begin not too long later.

With the power of Heavenly Venerates, a colossal base which could withstand the energy storm here was built. In this manner, even people with low cultivation levels could be alive and kicking here. They just couldn’t leave.

However, as time passed, particular defensive tools capable of withstanding the energy storm here would definitely be developed.

Ling Han naturally brought over all the Heavenly Venerates of Ling City here, and after the base was constructed, they began to venture out and explore, searching for Heavenly Venerable Stone mines.

…In the Flaming Frost Realm, there were pitifully small amounts of Heavenly Venerable Stones, and they were all scattered here and there, but here there were whole mines of Heavenly Venerable Stones, and could be mined on a large scale.

Their luck was not too bad. They discovered a vein of ore which could be mined near their base.

Why was there a need to construct a base?

Naturally, it was so they could have “ordinary people” come here, and why was there a need for ordinary people to be here? This was because mining would need their labor.

Couldn’t Heavenly Venerates do it?

Of course they could, but it would be too wasteful of their time.

Though Heavenly Venerable Stone did not have any other unique traits aside from being able to cut off Heavenly Venerable Tier divine sense, this thing was actually extremely fragile. If Heavenly Venerates were to forcefully mine them, the whole vein of ore would crumble with a bang.

In this way, even Divine Metal would be shattered, what more Celestial-King-Tier Great Herbs and Heavenly Venerable Seals. They would definitely be destroyed as well.

Hence, there was a need for a great amount of manual labor, mining the stones carefully, just like how mortals would be mining.

Now, various great forces were staking territorial claims. For the moment, they wouldn’t come into conflict yet, but as territory continued to be claimed, what would come next would definitely be the eruption of great conflict over the remaining veins of ore.

Stones were endlessly excavated and then delivered to Ling Han, Zhou Heng, and the others.

They cut open these raw stones, obtaining the good stuff hidden within.

However, what was disappointing was the fact that inside most of these stones… it was still stone.

Of course, they had not come out with completely zero results. They had still mined out the seed of Celestial medicine inside the stones, and it was a supremely valuable medicine at that. This was no ordinary celestial medicine, but had rather been tempered by the fundamental power of heaven and earth, and was greatly beneficial even to Heavenly Venerates.

This kind of Great Herb definitely could not exist in the Flaming Frost Realm, because celestial medicine belonged within the range of Regulations, which could not be surpassed. What use would they have for Heavenly Venerates then?

But the Great Herbs here had long since “died.” Then, through the boundless passage of time, they absorbed an ocean of fundamental power, turning into Great Herbs that would be effective even on Heavenly Venerates.

This kind of discovery stunned even Ling Han, Zhou Heng, and the others. However, the production rate of this kind of Great Herb was too low. They had cut open tens of thousands of raw stones, but they had only obtained one such Great Herb. And in the case of Heavenly Venerable Seals, the chances were even slimmer. Only one out of a million would contain a Heavenly Venerable Seal.

They continued to accumulate experience, and discovered the good stuff they could obtain would increase the nearer they came to the core of the vein. The production rate of supremely valuable medicine and seals increased quite a few times over—this was speaking in relative terms. In truth, the chances were still pitifully low.

Aside from supremely valuable medicines, there were also valuable things like Divine Metal or even Devouring Metal. It was as if this dimension was a massive treasure trove.

Aside from feeling overjoyed, everyone also became more worried. At present, everyone was well off, and there was no shortage of mines, but when the mines they had control over were completely emptied out, just what kind of great war would erupt then?

If Ling Han was honest with himself, even he thought that there was no way he would shrink back, and he was willing to contend with others until the end for the sake of mines.

After several hundred million years of peace, an industry quietly flourished, and that was the sale of Heavenly Venerable Stone.

That was because the chance of Heavenly Venerable Stones producing valuable items was pitifully low, so some forces decided simply to take out their reserves and sell them.

The greatest unique trait of this Heavenly Venerable Stone was that it would not allow Heavenly Venerable Tier divine sense to penetrate them. Hence, this kind of business was feasible. One could buy a Heavenly Venerable Stone and bet on it to see if it would produce any valuable item.

It was possible that one would spend an exorbitant amount of money only for it all to go to waste, but it was also possible that it could produce an astonishingly valuable item.

In comparison to the ups and downs of cutting open the stones, selling the raw stones was more stable. Hence, more and more forces began to imitate them, and it actually became a massive market.

Of course, Star Stones could not possibly buy the raw stones. Instead, one would have to use Divine Metal. Though it was practically useless to Heavenly Venerates, it was considered a kind of currency at the very least. After all, it was a necessity if one wanted to forge a Heavenly Venerate Tool.

Gradually, even a field of study appeared, and that was study of the raw stones. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

What kind of raw stones could possibly produce treasures?

Through studying the veined pattern and the time they had taken to form on the raw stone, it was indeed possible to increase the chances of obtaining treasures from the stones.

This had extremely great implications. If it was possible to mine accurately with every turn, that would be equivalent to gathering an endless amount of wealth repeatedly, and one’s own cultivation level and strength would soar exponentially.

Under such circumstances, Ling Han also eagerly focused his energy to begin studying this field.

...