Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

2847 Superpower!

After several hundred million years, Ling Han had only obtained three Heavenly Venerable Seals.

It could not be helped. There were too many Heavenly Venerates here. The Lin Clan, Chu Clan, Zhou Clan, and Rong Clan all had a number of Heavenly Venerates, and Ling City also had a great many. Added with the very low rate of production of Heavenly Venerable Seals, three seals was already extremely impressive.

And precisely because of this, the raw stones that the Lin Alliance had dug out were all used by themselves. There were none that were sold. Now, they could only actively explore new ore veins.

Ling Han went into seclusion. There were several hundred raw stones laid around him. These were the last few remaining; some had even been bought from other forces.

There were also some stone scraps beside him. Those were the scraps of raw stones that had been cut open, which he was using as reference.

Yet this thing really had no rhyme or pattern.

Some raw stones looked to be of excellent quality, with clear veined patterns. Logically speaking, they would definitely produce some valuable treasure, but after cutting them open, one would be greatly shocked. They were completely empty. There were also some raw stones that looked rough and battered, yet actually hid supremely valuable medicines, or even Heavenly Venerable Seals.

It could only be said that raw stones that looked better would have slightly higher chances of producing treasures, while raw stones that looked poor would have pitifully low chances.

This could not be considered a pattern at all, because as the number of raw stones decreased, it was already impossible to use Divine Metal to buy those stones that looked excellent and could possibly produce Heavenly Venerable Seals. Instead, one would have to buy them with the blood of Heavenly Venerable Tier or even supremely valuable medicines.

It was because someone had extracted a fourth-grade Heavenly Venerable Seal from it, which caused what could be considered a terrible conflict, leading to the deaths of over 100 Heavenly Venerates.

From this, everyone knew that even fourth-grade Heavenly Venerable Seals could emerge from raw stone.

If fourth-grade could be produced, then what about third-grade, or even second- and first-grade seals?

It should be known that Ling Han was already considered a freakish prodigy, but among the Heavenly Venerable Seals he possessed, even the highest level seal was only of the fifth grade, increasing his battle prowess by 47 times.

It was also rumored that someone had extracted a small beast from a raw stone before. It had already grown into a ferocious beast of Heavenly Venerable Tier in merely tens of thousands of years, and was overwhelmingly strong.

Additionally, there had once been a supremely valuable medicine extracted, allowing a Fourth Tier great elite that had stagnated for a considerable amount of time to break through and advance to the Fifth Tier.

Going from the Fourth Tier to Fifth Tier was an absolute leap. Just look at Lin Youlian and Xin Qihu. They had not advanced from the Fourth Tier to Fifth Tier even after a whole epoch, which showed just how hard it was to break through on this level.

This news caused the price of better-looking raw stones to spike greatly. Some stones were so expensive that even Sixth Tier Heavenly Venerates would frown. Just buying one would mean having to empty out all of their coffers.

The problem was that no matter how good the raw stone looked, it could still be completely empty once cut open. Then, one would really be coughing up blood at that.

Raw stones would only become rarer and rarer, so Ling Han very much wanted to master the ability to “see through” raw stone so he could obtain the greatest amount of profit at the lowest price possible.

He continuously studied, his hands holding scraps of stone or raw stones, comparing them. Was there actually a unique ability for him to cheat, and penetrate the layers of stone that even Heavenly Venerable Tier divine sense could not pass through, and see everything that lay within?

After several hundred years, Ling Han shook his head. This was really a beautiful dream. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Since he could think of this, how could it be that others would not be able to think of the same thing?

His strength was comparable to the Fourth Tier, but there were still Fifth Tier and Sixth Tier elites who were stronger than him. Why was it that he would succeed where others failed?

Was he stronger than them?

Hold on, there really was one aspect that he was superior in.

A thought came suddenly to Ling Han. His greatest pillar of support was the countless dimensions inside his body, which allowed him to become a small-scale Genesis World himself.

Since he was the master of a whole Genesis World, he should be able to master everything.

Seeing through a stone should be a piece of cake, right?

A thought occurred to him, and he felt that it was possible that he had found the right direction.

He attempted to stimulate the Power of Dimension inside his body, communicating with the raw stone.

Pa! The raw stone inside his grasp immediately crumbled. This thing was something that even a Celestial King could easily shatter, so how could it possibly withstand the power of Heavenly Venerable Tier?

Ling Han couldn’t help but grin. If it directly exploded, would there be any need to explore this further?

He took another raw stone, and carefully controlled his power. Weng, weng, weng! Each cell in his body lit up one after another. That was the Powers of Dimension, and they were twinkling like a sky full of stars.

When he had stimulated all the Powers of Dimension inside his body, his consciousness actually entered into a different space.

He was stunned for a moment before ecstasy showed in his expression.

…This was the inside of the raw stone!

He had succeeded; it actually was really possible.

However, Ling Han immediately shook his head. Within this space, it was like his divine sense had sunk into a swamp, and every movement was difficult. He actually spent about 30 minutes to finally “roam” through the entirety of the raw stone.

It was imperfect, but imperfection did not deny its excellence. It was still an extremely amazing breakthrough.

Ling Han was sure that should he reveal this ability, the whole market would crash.

The reason why stone gambling had been established was because no one knew what exactly lay within the raw stones, and those so-called stone gambling grandmasters1 would only have slightly higher chances of making accurate deductions even now. Essentially, they were still just guessing.

But it was different for Ling Han. He only needed around 30 minutes, and he would be able to “see” whether or not a raw stone actually contained anything.

Perhaps an elite would kidnap him, and use him as a tool for stone gambling. It was also possible that he would be killed off. An anomaly like him would have broken the rules, and could not be allowed to exist.

Ling Han decided that he could not tell anyone about this secret.

He made a great many attempts afterwards, touching all of the raw stones here. Then, he took one of them. He had “seen” a piece of Divine Metal here. His speed was slowly increasing, and he was sure that when he was more proficient, he would be done with just a simple touch of the raw stone.

Next, he cut open all the raw stones one after another. As expected, aside from the one that he had taken out, all the other raw stones were completely empty, and he extracted a piece of Divine Metal from that last raw stone.

He couldn’t help but break into loud laughter, filled with excitement.

A piece of Divine Metal naturally was not much, but it proved that this ability of Ling Han was not an illusion, but really genuine. It could bring him indescribable rewards.

Let’s go, go, go, and rake in great profits.

Ling Han went out, and was about to set out after calling over the Empress and Hu Niu. However, when they saw how excited he was, Ling Han’s daughter and Fu Tianxing also shamelessly followed him. Hence, Ling Han could only helplessly take the two of them with him as well.

…It was naturally no problem to bring his daughter. As for a brat like Fu Tianxing? Though Ling Han had great approval of this guy’s natural talent, just the thought that it was possible that he would be able to hook away his precious daughter made him feel an urge to kick him.

They set out, heading to Culmination City.

Originally, Culmination City did not exist, but since the emergence of the industry of stone gambling, Culmination City had turned from what was originally a small marketplace into this huge city, where a great many forces stationed themselves.

There was no other industry here, only the sale of stones.

...

Ling Han and his group entered the city, and wherever their eyes could see, there were lanes selling raw stones.

The various forces all had their own raw stone lanes for clients to choose raw stones, but they could only choose. If anyone wanted to cut the raw stone open, they would have to buy it. There was no excuse of so-called picking up the wrong stone “by mistake.”

The great forces managed Culmination City together, laying down a considerable number of rules for the public to adhere to. If anyone broke these rules, that would be equivalent to making enemies out of over 100 Sixth Tier elites. No one would be brave enough to do that.

Hence, no matter how profligate anyone was, they would behave themselves. There was no one who would dare or could be exempted from the rules.

In such an environment, it was not just Sixth-Tier forces that had raw stone lanes; Fifth-Tier and Fourth-Tier forces, too, had their own lanes. In fact, there were even some individual Heavenly Venerates that would occasionally find raw stones outside mines and come here to sell them off.

To think that a dignified Heavenly Venerate would actually turn into a peddler; just the thought of it was quite amusing, but this was indeed what the Culmination City was like at present.

“Ling Han, where will we go first?” Hu Niu asked.