2850 Stone cutting

Ling Han was only touching as well, and did not choose yet.

He wanted to take a look at all the raw stones in the low-grade area, and only then would he make his choice. With his “ability,” he only had to take a look at the raw stones that Niu Buqun chose, and he would be able to accurately know what the latter’s gains were. He would be completely able to make adjustments accordingly, and just win that slight bit more than the latter.

Why did he have to do this?

That was because Ling Han felt that tricking him just once would be too boring.

!!

This time, he would be humiliating them in spirit, and next time, he would deliver a severe strike at their finances.

After making a full circle, Ling Han was slightly surprised.

As expected, a book could not be judged by its cover, and it was the same for raw stones. Though this was the low-grade area, where chances of producing valuable objects were extremely low, he actually discovered a raw stone which actually contained a Heavenly Venerable Seal.

He did not know exactly what grade it was. Ling Han did not touch it, because once he made contact, the raw stone would explode. This would have broken the rules of stone gambling, and he would be directly considered as having lost.

This raw stone was completely unnoticeable, and it was extremely unlikely that it would be taken by another, so he could just let it sit here first.

It was no wonder that there were still customers frequenting this place despite it being the low-grade area. That was because everyone had the hopes of spending the least amount of money to obtain the greatest amount of profit.

There were indeed people that could become wealthy overnight, but the chances of this happening were too slim.

There were about over 10,000 raw stones here. Ling Han would make a note mentally with every stone he touched, and his speed was also getting faster and faster. Originally, he would have needed only 15 minutes; now, he only needed the time necessary for a few breaths.

There was no other reason. Practice makes perfect. Previously, Ling Han feared that his power would be too great, and would blow up the raw stone, but now his control was getting more and more accurate.

However, he had just mastered this ability. Hence, at the end of the day, he had not managed to touch all these 10,000 stones, but only completed around half of this number.

It was fine. He could not touch all of them, and Niu Buqun was even less likely to do so. He had only looked at around one-fifth of this number.

Yet Niu Buqun was not the slightest bit worried. Did Ling Han really think that he was already a grandmaster of raw stone just by touching the raw stones?

Niu Buqun naturally thought that Ling Han was just putting on an act, a cold sneer at his lips. When Ling Han knelt down to beg for mercy later, he would harshly taunt him.

Leng Xiuran felt the same. He was even more familiar with Ling Han’s origins than Niu Buqun, and he was feeling very excited. An insufferably arrogant supreme prodigy of the past was actually going to lower his head and kowtow to him. Just the thought of him caused his blood flow to speed up.

“It’s almost the end of the day. The results should be revealed soon, right?”

“I am truly expectant. The one and only Ling Han will be kneeling to another; this is enough material for me to brag about for the rest of my life.”

“Haha, we are both witnesses.”

Everyone was whispering among themselves, all hoping that Ling Han would lose.

It could not be helped. Ling Han had been too impressive in the past, creating records that no one could even touch at all, which naturally garnered the envy, jealousy, and resentment of the rest.

The Empress glanced menacingly at all of them. They actually dared to hope that her husband would lose? They were probably tired of living, weren’t they?

She was too proud, and there was only one word that she had for people like these: kill! However, Hu Niu was different. She stuck her hands at her slender waist. “Just you people wait and see. Niu’s Ling Han will definitely win, and you guys can just wait to be embarrassed later.”

Some people fired back retorts, while others put on a facade of reservedness. For noble and dignified Heavenly Venerates to argue with another was very improper.

Hu Niu might not care about this, but they did.

“Ling Han, I will give you one last chance. If you admit defeat now, I will allow you to only kowtow three times,” Niu Buqun said, smiling slightly. It might seem that he was compromising, but he was actually still insulting Ling Han.

…To have a prodigy kneel was the greatest insult in itself. What difference did it make if it was kowtowing 10 times or three times?

Leng Xiuran was clearly aware of this, so he did not object, and merely nodded smilingly.

Ling Han’s eyes turned cold. Did they really think that he would not dare to kill a so-called grandmaster of raw stone?

However, he would squeeze him dry first.

“Let’s begin choosing our stones,” Ling Han said calmly.

“Stubborn!” Niu Buqun sneered. With his hands’ guidance, 10 raw stones immediately fell into his grasp, and he then handed them over to a broad man next to him. This was a staff member of the raw stone lane.

According to the rules of the raw stone lane, they could choose however they liked, but it definitely was not allowed to store the raw stone lanes into a Spatial God Tool or Spatial Celestial Tool, because who knew if you would switch a raw stone for another?

Stone gambling was also the same. The difference was that the raw stone lane feared that you would trade a poor quality stone in exchange for a good quality one, and in stone gambling, the fear was that one would trade a good quality stone for a poor quality one. Taking a high-grade raw stone, wouldn’t the chances of getting treasure be greatly increased?

Then what justice was there to speak of in this kind of gamble?

Ling Han swept an eye over these stones, and already saw clearly through all the stones the other man had chosen. He made a mental comparison, and he now knew just how many of these raw stones would reveal treasure, and how much this treasure would be worth.

He seemed slightly surprised. This grandmaster of raw stone was really not just an empty boast. There were actually three among the 10 raw stones that Niu Buqun had chosen that actually contained treasure.

However, that was as far as it went.

Ling Han beckoned with a hand. Xiu, xiu, xiu! 10 raw stones also flew into his hands, and he handed them over to a staff member nearby.

“Open them!” Niu Buqun said proudly.

“Together?” an employee asked Ling Han.

Ling Han smiled slightly. “I’m fine with opening them together.”

After getting the agreement from both sides, the two employees began cutting open the raw stones at the same time.

This kind of stone gambling was also very welcomed and supported by the raw stone lane because this kind of contest would bring a lot of popularity. With the boost in popularity, sales naturally would be boosted as well, especially when something valuable was gained. It would draw an illogical scramble over the raw stones.

Everyone was gathered around to watch, seemingly even more nervous than the three people directly involved.

Under a considerable number of eyes, the two employees began cutting open the raw stones. They were also stone cutters.

They had already done this countless times, and were already used to being the focus of the attention of Heavenly Venerates and Celestial Kings, though they themselves were only the equivalent of Ascending Origin Tier. It was good now that they were used to it. Their movements were proficient, and layer upon layer of stone was scraped off visibly. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

This stone cutting was also a field of study in itself. One could not directly slice the stone in half with a single strike.

Why was this so?

What if there was a supremely valuable medicine inside? It was possible that the Great Herb would be directly slashed in half with a single cut, and this would greatly impact its medicinal effects. Just how much of a loss would it be?

It was the same for Heavenly Venerable Seals. With a single strike, the seal would directly appear, and it was not certain who would be the one to obtain it. Naturally, this could not be sold off on the spot.

Hence, one had to be extremely careful in stone cutting, though it was just worrying for nothing most of the time.

...

As layer after layer of stone scraps was removed, the raw stone also became smaller and smaller. In the first place, it had the effect of sealing off the divine sense of Heavenly Venerable Tier, and was not all that impressive in terms of toughness. An Ascending Origin Tier wielding a Celestial Tool was completely capable of easily slicing through it.

“There’s something!” someone suddenly exclaimed, pointing at a raw stone.

That was the raw stone that Niu Buqun had chosen.

“There really is.”

“Judging by the luster, it should be a piece of Divine Metal.”

“Though this can only be considered as neither profit nor loss, even if there is something in only this one out of the 10 raw stones, this is already enough to prove that his label as a grandmaster of raw stone is not just empty bragging.”

Everyone nodded. Stone gambling was stone gambling, and was completely different from battle. No matter how great your power was, you would not be able to use it.

However, when it was discovered that it was Divine Metal inside here, the stone cutter’s speed of cutting immediately increased. Because of the hardness of Divine Metal, he naturally had no need to worry or be careful any longer. With a few slices, he cut open the entire raw stone. As expected, a piece of Divine Metal the size of a fist was revealed. It was completely jade green in color. Regulations took form and entwined around it, showing nine-colored celestial light.