Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

2864 Seventh Tier?

This saber was very terrifying.

To be able to advance to the position of a Heavenly Venerate was to be a prodigy among prodigies, standing at the pinnacle of the world.

But a mere broken saber could actually render those Heavenly Venerates with cultivation level below the Fourth Tier unable to stand upright. Just what kind of concept was this?

“Incomparable!” The Fiery Silk Heavenly Venerate sighed. “According to my deductions, this should be the weapon of at least a Sixth Tier Heavenly Venerate, and having consumed the blood of countless Heavenly Venerates, it therefore possesses such a terrifying murderous aura.”

!!

Everyone nodded. Once the saber was drawn, Heavenly Venerates below the cultivation level of Fourth Tier couldn’t even stand steady; how would they be able to fight?

The question was: who below the Fourth Tier would be able to use this saber?

This wasn’t a confrontation with the enemy yet, but he himself was already weak in the knees and fell to the ground. Wasn’t this courting death?

“Unless this saber takes the initiative to recognize an owner, it won’t work even if a Fourth Tier is to wield it” a Fourth Tier Heavenly Venerate said, but his eyes were still burning. If he could solve the shortcoming of “hurting oneself,” this broken saber could really be of great use.

The eyes of Leng Dao and the Great Clouds Heavenly Venerate eyes also lit up—this saber was unearthed by Grandmaster Xuanlai, so they could just ask the other party for it, and having a Fourth Tier open his mouth to request, even if it was a grandmaster of raw stone, would he dare to refuse?

“Ling Han, do you want to continue the competition?” the Fiery Silk Heavenly Venerate asked Ling Han.

It seemed that there was no suspense anymore. A broken saber even suppressed the Fourth Tier Heavenly Venerate, which even a Heavenly Venerable Seal could not compare with by far.

Ling Han smiled faintly. “Of course.”

It wasn’t that he didn’t know the horror of this broken saber. In fact, Grandmaster Xuanlai could at most guess that the thing hidden in this raw stone might be shocking, but he absolutely didn’t know what it was.

But Ling Han clearly knew it, but still didn’t choose the raw stone. What did this mean?

Ling Han began to cut into his stone carefully, as if there was a Heavenly Venerable Seal hidden in it.

Every person present shook their head. This time, let alone a Heavenly Venerable Seal, even an orange-colored Great Herb would be useless as it couldn’t be compared to this broken saber.

But Ling Han was not only extremely slow, but he actually cut a huge raw stone into a human shape.

Everyone couldn’t help bearing weird expressions. Did he think that a person would really pop out of it if he was to cut it into a human shape?

Ling Han’s hands were trembling a little. Others didn’t feel it at all, but he was under a lot of pressure.

He didn’t dare to make a wrong cut, otherwise he might suffer a violent backlash if he touched the “thing” inside, and he might even be killed from the shock wave. Therefore, he had to scan with his divine sense to clearly understand the situation inside.

But when his divine sense encountered that “thing,” he was under tremendous pressure. Even though he possessed the battle prowess of a Fourth Tier, it was still quite unbearable for him.

His hands became slower and slower, and layers of sweat fell from his forehead.

Some people lost their patience, thinking that Ling Han was deliberately delaying because he had definitely lost.

“Can it be opened or not?”

“It’s pointless to delay it like this, why don’t you just admit defeat.”

“That’s right, this time it’s just a competition, and there’s no disadvantage to you even if you lose.”

However, Fourth Tier elites such as the Fiery Silk Heavenly Venerate looked solemn. As the stone scraps became thinner and thinner, their strong divine sense could already feel an indescribable aura surging.

This caused their hearts to tremble, even almost tearing them apart.

What… terrible thing was hidden inside?

“Shut up!” the Fiery Silk Heavenly Venerate shouted sharply, and immediately everyone dared not speak anymore.

Ling Han took a deep breath. Shua, shua, shua, he made 17 consecutive slashes with his blade. Immediately, the thing in that raw stone was finally revealed.

Hiss… Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

Everyone was numb with shock as an indescribably turbulent wave surged.

Within this raw stone… there really was a person!

This was definitely not a living person, but a corpse, without the slightest breath of life, but it was precisely such a corpse that had caused Heavenly Venerates to become breathless, as if they had all become mortals facing an ultimate god.

It was no wonder that Ling Han had to carefully cut it even with his strength. If it had been another person, it would’ve been impossible to unearth this corpse. At most they would reveal a hand, a foot, or something like that.

Everyone retreated to the extreme, and then looked at it carefully.

This was a man who looked to be in his thirties, with a square face filled with dominance. And he was indeed wearing a black dragon robe and a black flat crown on his head, giving him the appearance of an emperor.

“This, could it be that this is the corpse of a Seventh Tier elite?” someone said in a trembling voice.

It was too terrifying indeed. Even though it was just a corpse, the surrounding layers of space were shrinking and collapsing, as they couldn’t bear its power at all. While the heaven and earth were getting even paler, and even though it was in the Void, there were still dense thunder clouds and lightning rolling, and yet they didn’t descend.

Could it be… that the heavens was also afraid?

Seventh Tier elite, even the heaven and earth would not dare to send down thunder as punishment!

“Impossible!” someone suddenly exclaimed loudly. Although the voice was not high, it was filled with a mighty aura.

“Who are you, what do you know?” Someone beside him couldn’t help scolding the person.

But more people actually revealed shocked expressions and bowed to this person; even the Fourth Tier Heavenly Venerates were no exception.

“Young Master Xin!”

“Lord Xin!”

“Friend Xin!”

This was a magnificent young man with thick black hair and bright eyes, with a majestic aura that seemed to shake the world.

“Xin Qihu, the greatest prodigy of all eternity!” Finally someone spoke his name.

Hiss!

Those who didn’t yet know the identity of this person were gasping for air. Who in this world was known to everyone? That would definitely not be the few Seventh Tier Heavenly Venerates, but rather Xin Qihu, Lin Youlian, and Wu Haoyang, the three greatest prodigies of all eternity.

These three people were destined to become Sixth Tiers, and possibly even advance to the Seventh Tier. They were known as the greatest prodigies of all eternity, and, without a doubt, they were well-deserving of such reputation.

Xin Qihu strode over, and everyone couldn’t help but retreat, clearing the way for him.

...

Although he was a Fourth Tier, his battle prowess was at least at the Fifth Tier, and might be even a little bit stronger.

Perhaps he alone could obliterate the entire Culmination City.

“Greetings, Lord Xin!” More people fell to the ground, bowing their heads to the greatest prodigy of all eternity.

It was really unexpected that Xin Qihu would be attracted by this stone gambling contest.

Xin Qihu strode forwards, and he had already come to the ancient corpse. Others dared not go within a distance of 30 meters, but he stood at a distance of nine meters, exhibiting his terrifying strength.

“My father said that the Seventh Tier Heavenly Venerates hold the six fundamental powers of the Genesis World, transcending everything else, and are immortal.” He stared at the ancient corpse as he said so.

Xin Qihu’s father, Xin Fu, was a Seventh Tier Heavenly Venerate, the strongest of all time under heaven and earth.

“That’s right, my father said the same thing.” A rumbling voice sounded, as if there were countless real dragons roaring, while a young man also strode over.

“Wu Haoyang!” someone whispered.

Hiss, here came another greatest prodigy of all eternity. If the other, Lin Youlian, was to come, then together with Ling Han, the current four great prodigies would have all gathered together.

“The Seventh Tier is immortal and cannot be eradicated. He can only be suppressed and not killed.” Wu Haoyang walked over, only nine meters away from the ancient corpse, and said, “If it weren’t for this, Hysteria would have already attacked!”

...

A Seventh Tier couldn’t die, but currently the Heavenly Venerate in black dragon robes was already dead, which could only mean that this person wasn’t a Seventh Tier Heavenly Venerate.

“Weird!” Xin Qihu suddenly frowned.

“Weird indeed.” A beautiful voice sounded, and a stunning woman walked over elegantly, and similarly stood at the same place nine meters away from the ancient corpse.

Lin Youlian!