Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 2865 - 2865 Contend

2865 Contend

Everyone was astounded. The three greatest prodigies of all eternity had actually appeared in Culmination City, and they had all moved for the sake of this ancient corpse, appearing at the same time.

It was proof enough to show just how astonishing this ancient corpse was.

“You can already see what’s strange about this?” Xin Qihu looked towards Lin Youlian. There was no one worthy of his notice. Aside from Lin Youlian, the only person that he would barely consider a rival was Wu Haoyang, and as for others? Heh, even Fourth Tiers were trash to him.

Lin Youlian nodded. “Theoretically, a Seventh Tier would not die or be destroyed, but the feeling this ancient corpse gives me… is no different than how my father feels.”

!!

“That is indeed so.” Wu Haoyang nodded as well. “This man was definitely a Seventh Tier when he was alive, and even after death, he still has such tremendously terrifying pressure. I can guarantee that even if a Sixth Tier touches his body, their arm will be severed, at the very least.”

“However, how could this be possible?” Xin Qihu frowned.

It was also he who had previously said that this definitely could not be the corpse of a Seventh Tier, because a Seventh Tier could not possibly die. This was a contradiction. However, no matter how they looked at it, this ancient corpse should indeed be a Seventh Tier. This was truly baffling.

“Moreover…” Lin Youlian paused slightly, and then continued, “There has never been news of a Seventh Tier Heavenly Venerate dying in all of history. If this was a Seventh Tier Heavenly Venerate, then what primitive era would he have to have existed in?”

“This person’s history may be countless times further and more extensive than we could possibly imagine,” Wu Haoyang agreed.

As these three people conversed, there was not one among the bystanders that had the right to interrupt. Even those Fourth Tier Heavenly Venerates could only listen at the side. They were the three greatest prodigies of all eternity, and their battle prowess was at least at the Fifth Tier.

“This matter is too serious. We might have to ask the elders to come and take a look for themselves,” Xin Qihu said.

Lin Youlian nodded, and then turned to look towards Ling Han. “Brother Ling, could you hand this ancient corpse over to us?”

Ling Han did not mind. Even he could not approach this ancient corpse. It would definitely blow up his body. He gave a gesture of invitation, and said, “Please go ahead.”

Xin Qihu looked towards Ling Han, and asked, “So you are Ling Han?”

Ling Han merely smiled slightly. He did not know what Xin Qihu’s attitude towards him was, so there was no rush to show anything, either.

“Not bad, not bad. I think that you should spend some more effort on stone gambling,” Xin Qihu said. “I heard that grandmasters of raw stone also have the ability of finding veins of ore, so would you like to come and give me a hand?”

He was saying this with a smile, and looked like he was joking, but if the other party wanted to take it seriously, then it seemed like he was being serious as well.

Ling Han looked at Xin Qihu, also smiling, and asked, “Do you want to learn? I can take you as my disciple.”

This… He had been counterchecked!

It seemed like Ling Han, too, was joking, but if Xin Qihu wanted to take him seriously, the former’s words could also be taken seriously. They implied, “You want to take me in as your lackey? Heh, I will directly become your master, and be your senior.”

Xin Qihu faltered slightly. He had not expected that Ling Han would really dare to say this, daring to fire a retort back at him, the greatest prodigy of all eternity.

But if he really wanted to flip out, there did not seem like there was anyone that could be his target. It was he who had first spoken half-jokingly. How could it be that Ling Han could not respond with a joke himself then?

“I will remember you.” Xin Qihu smiled, his eyes bright, exuding a frightening pressure.

Ling Han was not the type that was willing to be bullied. He was just about to retort, but Lin Youlian stretched out a hand in front of him, stopping the words he was just about to say.

This exquisite beauty said, “Brother Xin, Brother Wu, we should quickly get going and pay a visit to the Realm Battlefield.”

“Alright.” Xin Qihu nodded. He knew that Lin Youlian was deliberately trying to play mediator here. He could refuse to give face to others, but when it came to Lin Youlian… he definitely had to give her some face.

Wu Haoyang glanced longer at Ling Han, and said, “Ling Han, your progress is too slow. How can you be worthy of fighting me like this? I have only lost to you alone in a battle of equal cultivation level. I definitely do not permit myself to eternally bear this kind of humiliation.”

He was no despicable character, and was very broad-minded, relating this part of his history in full public.

“What? Wu Haoyang has lost to Ling Han in the past?”

“This is too inconceivable, he is the greatest prodigy of all eternity!”

“In a battle of equal cultivation levels, Wu Haoyang actually lost!”

“However, Wu Haoyang is presently in the Fourth Tier, but Ling Han is only in the Second Tier. This is enough to show the difference.”

“That’s true. A moment of strength does not mean eternal strength. He is already no longer worthy of being considered Wu Haoyang’s equal.”

“Wu Haoyang is truly broad-minded, not caring in the slightest to speak of how he has previously lost in public.”

“He has truly lived up to his name of being the greatest prodigy of all eternity.”

Everyone was conversing spiritedly, all of them praising Wu Haoyang.

Ling Han was unconcerned, and said calmly, “You can suppress your cultivation level, and we can have another battle of equal cultivation level.”

“Maybe some other day,” Wu Haoyang said smilingly. He pointed at that ancient corpse. “I don’t have the time now.”

Ling Han nodded, and replied, “Alright.”

In a battle of equal cultivation level, whom would he have to fear? He could thrash even a Seventh Tier Heavenly Venerate.

Even if Lin Youlian and the others had extremely astonishing strength, they still had to carefully take out a layer of stones, which they heaped on this ancient corpse. After piling layer upon layer, that terrifying pressure gradually lessened at last. Nnêw n0vel chapters are published on n0v/e/(lb)i(n.)co/m

But the layers of stone could not compare with actual raw stone. Hence, in the end, the three of them heaved the ancient corpse, which was looking like a small hill, and left. Even so, there was still astonishing pressure seeping out of the “corpse shroud,” causing everyone they passed to involuntarily sprawl out on the ground.

Not until Lin Youlian and the others finally vanished from sight did everyone finally sigh in relief.

This corpse was really too terrifying.

“Grandmaster Ling, this old man admits defeat.” Grandmaster Xuanlai smiled. With a toss, he threw out two things, and they were both wrapped in a layer of stone.

Ling Han knew that this was the Heavenly Venerable Seal and Great Herb that he had previously unearthed.

He was slightly surprised. Previously, they had made no agreement that the winner would take all. Grandmaster Xuanlai was deliberately showing him a gesture of goodwill.

Upon further thought, Grandmaster Xuanlai was actually just a Celestial King, so what use would he have for this Great Herb or Heavenly Venerable Seal?

In any case, he would have to give them over to some Heavenly Venerate, so why couldn’t he just pass them on to Ling Han?

It should be known that Ling Han had boundless potential, and his future accomplishments were immeasurable.

Ling Han nodded at Grandmaster Xuanlai and smiled, indicating that he accepted his kindness.

“Please also deal with this broken saber on my behalf, Grandmaster Ling.” Grandmaster Xuanlai stayed benevolent until the end, and gifted that broken saber to Ling Han as well. In any case, he couldn’t even draw near to it.

“Grandmaster Xuanlai, this is a supreme treasure. Don’t you think that is too rash?” the Great Clouds Heavenly Venerate immediately said.

“That’s right, this is a rare supreme treasure, so it would be better to deal with it after much serious consideration first,” Leng Dao said as well.

Grandmaster Xuanlai was incredibly slick and smooth. How could he possibly make enemies of any Heavenly Venerate? He hurriedly smiled, and said, “Milords, your words have come a little too late. This old man has already gifted the broken saber to Grandmaster Ling. If you desire it, please seek Grandmaster Ling. It is no longer any business of this old man.”

“Fengyu, Buqun, we should leave.”

The old geezer really left, without even turning back, as if there were flames licking at his heels.

Ling Han couldn’t help but laugh. This old geezer was actually quite interesting.

“Ling Han, this broken saber was unearthed at our lane. Give me some face, and we will buy it from you, alright?” the Fiery Silk Heavenly Venerate said to Ling Han.

It was extremely possible that this broken saber was the precious tool of a Seventh Tier Heavenly Venerate, and this had boundless significance.