Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

2881 Escape

Xin Qihu gave chase.

Killing intent shot out of his eyes and materialized, and his entire body exuded a terrifying aura. The sky and earth around him collapsed piece by piece, and his power was so strong that he had reached the Fifth Tier. A single move from him could make heaven and earth pale in color.

Such an existence was truly disrupting the balance of heaven and earth. No wonder he was hated by heaven and earth. However, the heaven and earth here was already dead, and it was impossible to restrict him at all, allowing Xin Qihu to unleash his full battle prowess.

His speed was higher than Ling Han’s, and he caught up to Ling Han not long afterwards.

Ling Han used the same trick, and swiped out the saber again, slashing towards Xin Qihu.

This time, Xin Qihu was prepared. He took out a long silver staff and struck it toward the Saber Qi.

Boom! The Saber Qi was shattered, turning into fragments that filled the sky. A murderous aura surged, and it still possessed terrifying destructive power.

Xin Qihu did not dare to force his way through. What he was afraid of was not the power attack from the broken saber, but the terrifying murderous aura that could materialize and cause damage to his body.

However, the name of greatest prodigy of all eternity was not just for show. He did not force his way through. Instead, he threw a punch that landed on the shattered afterimages, causing blood to appear on his fist again.

Ling Han saw this, but he did not feel the slightest bit of happiness.

This was because Xin Qihu knew that because he had always been wary of the Saber Qi, he would only continue to be blocked. He wanted to change this result by trying to use the power of his fists to destroy the murderous aura.

If it were Ling Han, he would also do the same and take the initiative to adapt to this murderous aura. After all, it had already been dispersed by the precious tool, and its lethality could not be compared.

However, Ling Han could not do anything. He could only flee.

There was a hint of a smile at the corners of his mouth. Being pursued by the greatest prodigy of all eternity like Xin Qihu brought enormous pressure. Perhaps it could help him advance to the peak of the Second Tier, and advance into the Third Tier from there.

This was also an opportunity for Ling Han, and opportunity always coexisted with danger.

One was fleeing, and the other was chasing. Every time Xin Qihu caught up, Ling Han would use his broken saber to attack, buying himself time and space to escape again.

10 days, a month, and half a year passed. Time continued to pass, but the two prodigies were still embroiled in a pursuit.

Ling Han felt that the power in his body was becoming purer and purer, and he had a feeling that he was about to sublimate. As for Xin Qihu, he adapted to the murderous aura better and better, and it was very likely that he would cross this threshold.

“Ling Han, how much longer can you run?” Xin Qihu sneered.

He believed that he would be able to truly adapt to the threat of that murderous aura in at most three days. At that time, Ling Han would no longer have any way to stop him.

None of the people that Xin Qihu wanted to kill could ever escape.

Ling Han did not reply. He still had one last move.

Three days passed in the blink of an eye as Xin Qihu gave chase. When Ling Han swung his saber again, the former let out a cold laugh. A wave of his staff shattered the Saber Qi, and his entire body continued to charge forward, charging into the vast expanse of shattered saber afterimages.

Xin Qihu still couldn’t face the Saber Qi head-on, but after shattering it, he was no longer afraid.

Xiu! Xin Qihu charged over, and he struck towards Ling Han with a sweep of his staff.

“Take a hit from me too!”

This staff strike was too terrifying. It was as if the entire dimension was pressing down on Ling Han, and it could destroy everything.

If Xin Qihu was placed in a medium-level dimension, his attack would indeed be this powerful. The battle prowess of Fifth Tier was comparable to the eruption of a medium-level dimension.

It was impossible for Ling Han to block it. The difference in battle prowess between the two of them was truly too great. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

He no longer hesitated. With a thought, xiu, his figure suddenly disappeared.

Boom, Xin Qihu’s staff instantly missed its target.

What in the world was going on?

Xin Qihu stopped, and a look of surprise appeared on his face. If Ling Han had torn open Space to escape, then the former would have been able to sense it. However, although this was a dimension, it was a dead dimension. There were no Regulations at all, and it was located in the Void.

…How were you going to break through space in the Void? How could there be space for you to break through?

“He broke through the Void and returned to this dimension?” Xin Qihu murmured.

But this wasn’t right, either. Without the dimension coordinates, he should have had no idea how to get out.

Strange, how did this brat disappear into thin air?

Xin Qihu stood there for a long time before turning to leave. He would definitely find Ling Han again, and at that time, he would not give him any chance to escape. He would insta-kill him with one strike, and he did not mind even if it was a sneak attack.

At his level, would he still care about others’ opinions?

***

Ling Han had, of course, used the endless Powers of Dimension in his body as a guide, and directly returned to the dimension.

Others might not be able to do it, but he was different. He could travel freely in the Genesis World.

This was naturally not the Flaming Frost Realm, but a low-level dimension. Sensing the terrifying power in his body, heaven and earth reacted instantly, sending down layers of heavenly tribulation to obliterate him.

Of course, this was a waste of effort. Ling Han did not pay it any mind, either. He frowned slightly. Xin Qihu was really quite shameless. He was clearly the greatest prodigy of all eternity, yet he did not even dare to fight him at the same cultivation level.

Therefore, not only was Xin Qihu a prodigy, but he was also an ambitious and ruthless person. He only wanted results, and did not care about the process.

He only wanted Ling Han dead, and it didn’t matter what method he used to kill him.

Ling Han scratched his head. Even if he advanced into the Third Tier, he would probably only be on par with the other party. In fact, he would still be slightly inferior. Only if they were both in the Fourth Tier would he have enough confidence to suppress the other party.

It couldn’t be helped. Xin Qihu himself was a peerless freakish genius. How could he be taken lightly?

“If I get a few more Great Herbs, I’ll have the confidence to break through to the Third Tier,” Ling Han muttered. Although advancing to the Third Tier would not allow him to suppress Xin Qihu, at least he would be able to oppose him then.

With a thought, he tore open Space, and headed toward the mysterious dimension in the Void again.

However, while it was easy to come out, it wasn’t easy to go back, because that dimension didn’t have coordinates.

Ling Han entered the Void, and then followed his memories as he headed in that direction.

His speed was great, but there was only an endless energy storm in the Void, and the scenery didn’t change at all. Even if he walked for 100 or 1,000 years, it was as if he was just circling endlessly.

‘Soon, I’m almost there,’ Ling Han said to himself. After walking for more than 10 years, he finally had a feeling that the lost primitive dimension was not far away.

...

But right at this moment, an indescribable palpitation arose in his heart. Before he could react, a black whip lashed toward him.

How could there be a whip in the Void? And who could ambush him so accurately?

Hysteria!

‘F*ck, why did I run into it again? Does the Void belong to it? Why can it just come out of nowhere?’

Ling Han hurriedly tore open Space again. He had to escape from the Void. Otherwise, if he fell into Hysteria’s hands, he really didn’t know what would happen.

He wasn’t a Seventh Tier, so he couldn’t be undying and indestructible.

***

In a certain medium-level dimension, a Celestial King was refining his Celestial Tool at the crater of a volcano. He had already been here for 200,000,000 years, and he was only a step away from success.

There was a look of excitement on his face. Forging a Celestial Tool with his own hands was like watching his own child being born. It was an indescribable sense of joy and accomplishment.

Thud!

A look of shock suddenly appeared on his face because a huge space had suddenly appeared in the magma layer beneath the volcano’s crater. There was Void Energy surging, but this was not the most important thing. There was actually a man who had fallen out of it. There was a black rope wrapped around his ankle, and upon closer inspection, it seemed to be some kind of tentacle that emitted an extremely evil aura.

...

F*ck, what the hell was this?