Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

2882 Shocking Connection

This Celestial King’s name was Yan Jiuling, and he had only broken through to the Celestial King Tier a billion years ago. However, Divine Metal was hard to come by, so it wasn’t until 200,000,000 years ago that he finally managed to obtain a piece, and was able to forge his own precious tool.

Being able to become a Celestial King, he had naturally seen a lot of things. However, when he suddenly saw the volcano erupting and a person running out, he was still so shocked that he couldn’t control himself.

One had to know that this was a volcanic crater that could refine Divine Metal. The scorching heat was extremely terrifying, and even Seventh Heaven or Eighth Heaven Celestial Kings could be burned to ashes by the extreme heat.

Thus, he was shocked, and the Celestial Tool in his hand instantly dropped. Pa! It fell into the boiling lava.

!!

“Ah, my Celestial Tool!” he exclaimed, his expression full of regret.

Unless he advanced into the Eighth Heaven, he would not be able to withstand such scorching heat. Otherwise, he would be courting death if he rashly went down into the lava.

At this moment, he naturally hated the man in front of him to death.

…However, the other party could actually appear from the lava. Just how terrifying did his strength have to be?

Thus, he only stared at the man. He saw the man using his hand as a knife to cut the tentacle on his ankle very fast, as if that was the most terrifying thing in the world, making for a very beaten picture.

In fact, this was indeed the case as this was Hysteria’s tentacle.

Although Ling Han successfully escaped from the Void in time, one of Hysteria’s tentacles had still managed to wrap around his ankle, and he had brought it out with him. Fortunately, the Void closed in time, and the tentacle was cut off like it was severed by a switchblade.

Before Ling Han could heave a sigh of relief, an incomparably evil intent rushed into his mind.

At the same time, images appeared in his mind, but they didn’t come from this intent. Instead, they came from the depths of his memories.

What? He still had such a memory?

Ling Han was shocked. Could it be that this was the awakening Meng Dong was talking about? Why was it related to Hysteria again?

Images flashed through Ling Han’s mind. He saw a strange creature that was indescribably huge, and its entire body was covered in tentacles. It was clinging onto a dimension, as if it was trying hard to squeeze into it, but was unable to.

From this comparison, one could tell that it was actually about the size of a dimension, or even larger.

It was too terrifying. What kind of creature could grow to such an extent?

A name suddenly surfaced in Ling Han’s mind—Hysteria.

It could only be Hysteria. It manifested as a dimension and devoured everything.

Could it be that this was the real scene of it confronting the Flaming Frost Realm?

Ling Han was greatly shaken. He did not know why he would have such a memory, and it just so happened that it was the power of Hysteria that stimulated this memory.

Hysteria could always find him in the Void and attack him quickly. Could it be related to this?

There was more!

Ling Han was suddenly startled. Previously, although Hysteria had come aggressively and even attacked him, it clearly had no intention of killing him.

It was as if… it just wanted to stimulate this memory buried in his body.

Ling Han felt like he was about to go crazy. What did Hysteria mean? Had it been trying to snipe him several times just to let him see some kind of memory?

No, there was also an indescribably evil intent that seemed to be awakening some kind of suppressed power in his body.

Boom! Images kept flashing in his mind. That huge living being was constantly confronting some dimension, and in that dimension, there were countless elites embroiled in resistance against the invasion of this huge living being.

These were all Heavenly Venerates.

Ling Han came to a realization. This was definitely a battle between Hysteria and the elites of the Flaming Frost Realm.

The scene continued to flash, and Hysteria was still unable to conquer this dimension Thus, its body trembled, and hundreds of light spots surged out of its body and traversed the Void.

At this moment, the scene changed, following these light spots. Some light spots encountered the energy storm in the Void, and were quickly annihilated, but some light spots passed through the Void, and appeared in other dimensions.

The image followed closely behind one of the specks of light, and entered a dimension. It instantly gave Ling Han a strong sense of familiarity.

The Celestial Realm!

The speck of light didn’t stop. It passed through the Celestial Realm, entered the Ancient Realm, and then entered a small world from the Ancient Realm. Xiu! It entered the body of a person there.

It was a woman. She had a big belly, but her clothes were ragged. It was obvious at first glance that she was extremely poor.

More than a month later, she gave birth to a boy, but she died in childbirth.

The boy was adopted, but he was soon living on the streets, engaged in petty theft. However, by chance, he became the disciple of a cultivation sect, and embarked on a different path of life.

Later on, this boy actually discovered that he had astonishing natural talent in alchemy, so he began to learn alchemy.

Ling Han’s jaw dropped involuntarily because… this was his previous life!

Soon, he saw how he was “bullied” by the Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden, and searched for ancient sites everywhere in an attempt to turn the tables on her. In the end, he was killed by a tremor from the Black Tower, but his soul was preserved by the Black Tower. It was only after 10,000 years had passed that he had been sent into his current body and replaced the original host.

During this process, the speck of light didn’t perish, but underwent subtle changes.

Peng! Ling Han’s body shook, and he suddenly woke up. The images in his mind all disappeared, and the thousands of Powers of Dimension in his body erupted at the same time, forcefully obliterating the evil intent that Hysteria had sent into his mind.

Weng, his mind lit up, and a seal appeared, instantly suppressing the other Heavenly Venerable Seals until they paled in comparison.

This was actually a first-grade seal.

Ling Han was completely stupefied. For a moment, his mind was filled with a myriad of thoughts, and he felt that his heart was in a chaotic mess.

There was too much information.

He forced himself to calm down, and began to organize all the information into logical sequence.

If the scene he saw was real, and not something Hysteria had deliberately fabricated to deceive him, then he really was inextricably linked to Hysteria.

Based on what he saw, he had a guess. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

More than an epoch ago, Hysteria had not been able to conquer the Flaming Frost Realm and crack this tough nut even after a long time. Thus, it had come up with a plan, shooting out hundreds of bright spots from its body. This was very likely similar to seed of life, an inheritance or something of the sort.

In short, some of these spots of light were destroyed in the Void, while others went to various dimensions.

As for Ling Han, he was the one chosen by the spot of light.

...

Logically speaking, he should have obtained some kind of inheritance, but for some reason, this spot of light had hibernated instead.

It was only when Hysteria came into direct contact with him just now that all these hidden images reappeared, allowing him to see this piece of history.

This should be an inheritance because he had obtained a first-grade Heavenly Venerable Seal.

Considering that Meng Dong kept saying that Ling Han had yet to awaken, and even called him his little brother, he should also be someone Hysteria had chosen.

What was the purpose?

It was impossible for Hysteria to specially bestow gifts on them. From the very beginning, there was only one goal, and that was to destroy the Genesis World and devour it.

Therefore… the mission of these chosen people should be to destroy the Flaming Frost Realm and weaken its power so that it could be devoured.

This deduction should be very reasonable, but the problem here was that Ling Han was not stupid. Why would he help Hysteria?