Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

2889 Third Tier

The red-robed man and the white-haired man felt a chill rise from the bottom of their hearts and straight into their heads. Cold sweat trickled down their foreheads.

How could they not be afraid?

Fei Baizhu had just died in front of them, and they didn’t want to share his fate as well.

“Are you feeling any regrets?” Ling Han asked.

The two of them hurriedly nodded. Right now, they had already completely lost their battle prowess, and even a First Tier could easily kill them.

“Alright, then you two can go to your afterlife now.” Ling Han threw another punch. Peng, peng! The two of them instantly turned into a rain of blood, just as Fei Baizhu had.

The resentment of the two Heavenly Venerates floated in the air. They had clearly already begged for mercy, so why had Ling Han still killed them?

However, Ling Han was completely unconcerned. They dared to attack his wives. So what if they even knelt down and kowtowed 100 times? He would still kill them without a doubt.

Boom! A large amount of life essence surged into Ling Han’s body.

These were three Fourth Tier Heavenly Venerates.

Ling Han merely glanced at the two Third Tiers, and didn’t make a move. He directly sat down cross-legged, and refined the life essence in his body. He didn’t want to make another move. The life essence of three Fourth Tiers was already enough to make him feel slightly stuffed, and two more Third Tiers would definitely make it even more unbearable.

However, the Empress and Hu Niu would not let the two of them go. They both dashed out, throwing punches and kicks at the same time.

The two Third Tiers were practically scared to death. Just now, there were three Fourth Tiers, yet they were all dealt with by Ling Han with three consecutive punches, one each. What kind of terrifying power was this?

Seeing the Empress and Hu Niu charging over, how could they still have any thoughts of fighting? They hurriedly fled. Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates

However, just what kind of strength did the Empress and Hu Niu possess?

In a battle of equal cultivation level, it was easy for Heavenly Venerates to escape, but Hu Niu was a Fourth Tier. How could these two easily escape?

After one person was stopped by Hu Niu, the Empress immediately rushed up to fight, while Hu Niu chased after the other person. The two women’s teamwork could be considered perfect and tacit.

With just this little bit of delay, the other Third Tier had already fled without a trace.

“He escaped,” Hu Niu said in slight disappointment.

Turning around, she joined forces with the Empress to suppress the other Third Tier.

Even if it was just the Empress, that Third Tier was no match for her, so how could he possibly be a match for the combined might of the two women? Very quickly, he was blasted into smithereens.

Ling Han grunted. Even if he hadn’t killed this Third Tier with his own hands, the life essence of this Third Tier was similarly drawn to him, surging into his body and turning into nutrition for him.

He had already “eaten” enough. Another Third Tier would naturally make him feel extremely uncomfortable.

However, he had already refined a few Great Herbs previously, and with the life essence of these four Heavenly Venerates, he should be able to break through.

‘Come.’

The Powers of Dimension in his body were all channeled at the same time, crushing the life essence like a millstone and turning it into particles that nourished the Powers of Dimension in every cell of his body.

The life essence of the four Heavenly Venerates was incomparably powerful, but after being divided among so many Powers of Dimension, it was actually not much. It could only allow Ling Han’s cultivation level to advance by a little bit, but he had originally only been a little bit away.

He was at the peak of Second Tier, the true pinnacle.

Ling Han began to break through to the Third Tier.

Actually, breaking through to the Second Tier, Third Tier, and Fourth Tier wasn’t difficult at all. What was needed was only one thing, and that was to communicate with another fundamental power of the Genesis World, and use it to temper and strengthen oneself.

There was a huge difference between one more and one less.

Ling Han had already mastered the Void Particle. Now, he had to communicate with one of these fundamental powers: Mesotron Particle, Receive Particle, Rainbow Particle, Constant Particle, or Quark Particle.

There was no difference between the six types of energy, but an additional power to form a combination would produce completely different might.

Theoretically speaking, although the Void was filled with six types of fundamental particles, they were too violent, and would form energy storms at the drop of a hat. Even Heavenly Venerates would avoid them, so how could they possibly communicate?

However, this place was different. After all, it was a dimension. Although it had long since died, the environment wasn’t that violent, after all.

…Though the friction and collision of the fundamental particles here had turned into terrifying flames that could easily burn even a Ninth Heaven,

Ling Han continued to experiment. There was only one type of fundamental power in his body, and it was not too repulsive to other fundamental powers. Breaking through should not be too difficult.

“Husband, let’s leave this place first,” the Empress said.

They had killed Fei Baizhu, as well as two other Fourth Tiers and one Third Tier. It would be strange if Fei Baizhu’s father could endure this. He would definitely attack them soon.

Ling Han nodded. Breaking through wasn’t something that could be done in a short period of time, so he’d better find another place to take his time.

He grabbed the two women and took a step forward, instantly leaving an endless distance behind him.

After running far enough, Ling Han released the two women, and he continued to charge towards the Third Tier.

To his surprise, this breakthrough was extremely slow.

100,000,000 years had passed, but there was still no movement. It was as if the other five fundamental powers despised him, and didn’t communicate with him at all.

The Empress and Hu Niu were already impatient from the long wait. They were searching here; now was a great opportunity to obtain raw stones. If they missed this period of time, a large number of people would flood in, and another intense fight would be inevitable.

In fact, there were already people heading underground. Since a third dimension had appeared, it was possible for a fourth, fifth, and hundredth dimension to appear.

Ling Han forgot everything. He was comprehending Dao in this world, and his divine sense spread out like a vast ocean.

Even though his cultivation level hadn’t increased in recent years, his battle prowess had been constantly rising.

Why was this so?

He indeed didn’t sense a second fundamental particle, but each cell was equivalent to an individual dimension that could grow continuously. There was no end to this growth. Even if he harvested the Power of Dimension from a low-level dimension, it wasn’t impossible for it to become a transcendent dimension in the future after his nurturing. However, the energy required to do so would definitely be extremely terrifying.

Perhaps he would never see the day it happened, because even if he emptied the entire Genesis World, there wouldn’t be enough energy.

However, it was not completely impossible, because there was still the existence of the Void. There was no matter there, and all it contained were fundamental particles. There was an endless amount of them, and perhaps they could support Ling Han’s growth until he reached his limits.

After 100,000,000 years, his Powers of Dimension had naturally improved significantly. Thus, even though he hadn’t broken through yet, he wasn’t worried. After all, his efforts weren’t in vain.

200,000,000 years, 300,000,000 years, 500,000,000 years. Time flew by, and in the blink of an eye, a billion years had passed.

...

Ling Han finally sensed another fundamental power—the Constant Particle.

However, sensing it was one thing. Whether or not he could guide it over and use it for himself was another matter.

Another 300,000,000 years passed in the blink of an eye.

Ling Han finally extracted the Constant Particle Energy. For the first time, it flowed through his body, showing that he had officially stepped into the Third Tier.

He couldn’t help but feel rueful. Those like Lin Youlian and Xin Qihu had only used a billion years to step into the Fourth Tier, but he had spent more than a billion years just to break through to the Third Tier. They really couldn’t be compared.

However, he wasn’t dissatisfied in the slightest, because while his advancement was “slow,” his battle prowess was simply too strong.