Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

2910 Decapitation Operation

The battle ended, and the surviving Heavenly Venerates immediately started healing themselves.

The next battle could break out at any time, and they had to ensure that they were in prime condition. Otherwise, it was possible that they would not be able to stay alive to continue fighting in the next battle after that.

Merely three years later, Hysteria’s troops made a comeback.

However, this time was slightly different.

!!

Hysteria’s army had actually set up camp for the first time, and did not attack at the first instance.

In the past, Hysteria’s troops wouldn’t have done this. They would attack the moment they appeared because they didn’t have any intelligence. Their only thought was slaughter and battle. Hence, the fact that they had actually set up camp as if they were going to have a long-term stand off against the Flaming Frost Army was unfathomable to everyone.

When Hysteria created its monsters, it would only have standards in terms of number and battle prowess. It would not bestow them with corresponding intelligence.

Because with intelligence, there would be many disadvantages, such as fear of death or thoughts of betrayal, like those surviving dregs of Hysteria that had been trapped in the past. It had been too long, and they had developed self-intelligence. They had actually betrayed Hysteria.

For Hysteria, freedom of will was a type of poison. To avoid trouble, it directly skipped over the aspect of intelligence. In any case, its creations were simple. Even if 100 Heavenly Venerates had to be sacrificed in exchange for one Flaming Frost Realm elite, it would still be worth it. 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Of course, it could also strengthen its control while bestowing intelligence, but this would greatly increase the difficulty of creation. The number of troops it could create at the same time could possibly decrease by 100 or even 1,000 times.

Thus, the fact that Hysteria’s army didn’t possess intelligence was also due to compromising in exchange for ease of creation.

But now, these Hysteria troops actually knew to set up camp, which naturally made everyone feel very curious and even feel a chill.

If these troops had really developed intelligence, then added with the overwhelming numbers, just what kind of terrifying battle prowess would they unleash?

Just the thought of it was enough to make one shudder.

The Hysteria army did not attack, and the Flaming Frost army naturally would not take the initiative to attack, either. If they lost the defense of the city wall, they would lose their greatest advantage. That would really be too dangerous.

This situation continued for several thousands of years, and the Hysteria troops finally unleashed a new wave of assault.

Of course, it was not as strong as the last time. After all, these were troops that had been accumulating for hundreds of billions of years, so how could they possibly gather such terrifying numbers again in a short several thousand years?

But this time, Hysteria’s army actually turned into over 100 separate troops, each led by a monster, and launched an attack on the city defense.

Everyone could clearly see that though those leading monsters also looked too horrible to look at, their eyes were filled with the light of intelligence. They finally understood that the majority of Hysteria’s troops were still simple-minded, and only knew how to fight and kill. However, Hysteria had bestowed considerable intelligence on these leading monsters.

The leaders were Heavenly Venerates, and once they had been bestowed with intelligence, they should be able to improve endlessly. It was unknown whether they would betray Hysteria one day, but for the present, they were definitely not so easily dealt with.

They only needed to command reasonably, and that was enough to increase the overall strength of the Hysteria troops by a large margin.

This battle was very arduous. The city wall was conquered, regained, conquered, and then regained in an endless tug-of-war.

It was clear that the military strength this time was far lower, but they had still fought for more than half a year before finally eliminating all Hysteria’s troops, and the price paid by the Flaming Frost Army was naturally even greater.

The only fortunate thing was that the Heavenly Venerates that had died in battle on their side were mostly First Tier or Second Tier Heavenly Venerates. Their main battle prowess hadn’t suffered too many losses, but they would suffer heavy losses in the subsequent battles.

What Fourth Tier or Fifth Tier had not cultivated all the way from First Tier and Second Tier?

The short period of peace only lasted for seven years, and Hysteria’s army appeared again. This time, they still set up camp outside the city, clearly planning to do it again.

This caused all the Heavenly Venerates to shiver, thinking that the enemy definitely could not be allowed to accumulate troops like this. Otherwise, the losses would be too terrifying.

Lin Youlian and the others also gathered the Fifth Tier elites to discuss how to deal with this new Hysteria army.

Though Ling Han was only a Third Tier, his battle prowess was at the Fifth Tier, so he was naturally invited as well.

Everyone came up with ideas and suggestions. No matter how great their past conflicts were, when it came to dealing with Hysteria, they had to be united. There was naturally no one who did not understand this logic.

Some advocated taking the initiative to attack so they would not give Hysteria’s army time to accumulate troops, while others advocated carrying out a decapitation operation. As long as those intelligent leaders were killed, Hysteria’s army would return to its original state, which was not much different from before.

If they took the initiative to attack, they would lose the protection of the city’s defenses, so even if they could win, it would be a narrow victory, and would not be worth it at all.

A decapitation operation?

This was possible, but how was one supposed to sneak into the enemy camp without a sound and kill a considerable number of leaders that were at the Heavenly Venerable Tier?

Would Xin Qihu and the other two with Sixth-Tier battle prowess undertake this mission?

The problem was that Sixth Tiers were not gods in front of Fifth Tiers, either. There were at least tens of thousands of Fifth Tiers in Hysteria’s army, and if one was besieged by these elites, even a Sixth Tier would be ganged up on and killed.

These three people were too important; who would dare have them take the risk?

Then if these three people could not be mobilized, who would be sent to carry out this mission?

“I suggest that Ling Han goes,” Xin Qihu suddenly said. “Though Ling Han is only a Third Tier, his battle prowess can practically sweep aside all Fifth Tiers. He is the most suitable candidate to complete this mission.”

Lin Youlian was just about to object when she saw that a great many Fifth Tier elites were already nodding slowly.

Some people really thought that Ling Han was suitable for this mission, while others hoped that he would die. For example, Nalan Xiong, whose younger brother was killed by Ling Han, and Qi Xuan, whose ally Fei Wu had been killed by Ling Han.

“Let’s vote. Those who think that Ling Han should go, please raise your hands.” Xin Qihu did not give Lin Youlian the chance to speak at all, and directly proceeded to the stage where everyone would be voting.

More than half of the people raised their hands, directly bringing this matter to a final conclusion.

“Ling Han, I’ll hand this mission to you. You are in charge of selecting teammates. Quality is more important than quantity. At most, there can only be 10 of you. Otherwise, there is no need to draw near at all, as you guys will be discovered before that,” Xin Qihu said seriously.

He seemed to be supporting Ling Han, but this was a mission that was similar to suicide. Who would be willing to go with Ling Han?

It should be known that if one wanted to return to the enemy camp, one would have to have Fifth Tier battle prowess at the very least. Then, now that all those with battle prowess of the Fifth Tier were here, they were very clear that this mission was extremely difficult. Who would be so foolish as to go with Ling Han?

And if Ling Han refused?

That Xin Qihu might flip out and use the excuse that Ling Han did not obey military command to kill him.

This was the battlefield, and the greatest taboo was not obeying military command of a senior officer.

Ling Han looked at Xin Qihu in surprise. He hadn’t realized this before; how could this guy be so vicious?

“Don’t waste time. Otherwise, there will be more and more Hysteria’s troops, and it will be even more impossible for us to succeed.” Xin Qihu smiled, and looked at Ling Han. “In three days, select the members of your small team. You must set out then.”