Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

2919 Disadvantage

As Ling Han and the rest returned to base, a commotion broke out.

The first time could have been luck, but the second time was surely due to ability.

Ling Han and the rest had just done a great deed and killed two leader beasts. Even Xin Qihu could not bring himself to taunt them any further, and instead gave them an out-of-character compliment, albeit with much difficulty. However, he still felt the need to tell Ling Han to work harder and not be satisfied with his current success, and that he should continue to work to his full potential.

What he was trying to say was that Ling Han and the rest should continue to do their job of killing the leaders in Hysteria’s base.

!!

Ling Han started to rest. Even though he was able to retreat in one piece after thrusting himself into enemy territory two consecutive times, his mind was still very stressed, and he needed to relax.

Moreover, he needed to ruminate on a few things in solitude.

He was very interested in the way Bai Mifan had utilized the Powers of Dimension. Only a person that had infused a small world inside of their body would be able to use a technique like that. If he had not accommodated a dimension inside his body, what would he use to suppress his enemies?

Even though Ling Han had a boundless Power of Dimension inside him, it was still in its infancy. He required a significant amount of time to turn it into real dimensions. With a greater capacity, the energy needed for breakthrough was also extremely frightening.

Originally, Ling Han didn’t intend on picking favorites, and was going to let these Powers of Dimension grow together in harmony and balance. But right now, he was planning on focusing on “developing” one to two of these Powers of Dimension and let them first take shape into a real dimension.

However, there was a problem he needed to deal with right now. All this while, he had been using his cells as vessels to contain the limitless Powers of Dimension. If he were to turn this into a real dimension, he would need a suitable place to store it, wouldn’t he?

Normally, a Heavenly Venerate was only able to hold a small dimension inside of themselves like Ling Xi and Fu Tianxing did. At most, they would only be able to hold one other dimension, even if they were a Seventh Tier.

Ling Han wanted to allow one to two dimensions to develop inside of himself, and was contemplating if he should host them inside his Dantian.

This would be an easy maneuver for the time being, but how would he deal with it in the future when he would have to develop countless other dimensions?

As such, using his Dantian to store a dimension was simply a temporary measure. It was not a permanent solution.

Ling Han thought about this for a long time. Ultimately, he decided not to move these Powers of Dimension, and let them stay in their original spot.

If he wanted to become a Genesis World, then he needed to be able to store a great amount of energy.

One cell would store one dimension, with the cell walls acting as the dimensional barrier. The overlapping of these forces would generate limitless strength.

This was merely a concept, and was not as easy to realize as it seemed.

Ling Han went to look for Wally. When it came to theories, there was no one more adept than that guy.

When he heard the question, Wally unabashedly asked Ling Han for 100,000 pieces of Divine Metal before he was willing to help solve the dilemma.

As it would take a significant amount of time, and Ling Han was unable to leave the Realm Battlefield for too long, he decided to return first and come back again after some time. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

He, Bai Mifan, and the others went out for several more missions. No matter how prepared the opponents were, they were still unable to stop Ling Han and the rest from killing their targets. However, things got more and more dangerous each time, and the four of them would always return with injuries.

That being said, it was already a miracle to be able to come back in one piece. Ling Han’s group rose in fame, and started attracting more people eager to join them, but Ling Han was no longer accepting any new members.

It wasn’t due to arrogance, but he simply wouldn’t be able to help bring everyone back alive if their group got too big.

Being in such a perilous environment constantly, Ling Han’s cultivation increased at a breakneck pace. He briefly calculated that he would be able to reach the late stage of the Third Tier in less than 1,000,000 years, and would steadily ascend to the next stage.

After a few hundred years, Hysteria’s army launched another vicious assault. However, because their leaders had been killed, they didn’t have many commanders, and their mighty army was not able to fully realize its battle prowess.

Despite all that, the Flaming Frost army also paid a heavy price for victory, and suffered a lot of casualties.

Everyone was concerned that they would soon have to give up on this base with the way things were developing. Furthermore, they would have to retreat all the way back to the Flaming Frost Realm and use its dimensional strength to suppress Hysteria’s army.

However, this result would also give Hysteria a chance to advance further. In a few short million years, it would be able to turn this area into a Two-Realm Passageway, resulting in the Flaming Frost army losing its strategic advantage once again.

This was the equivalent of slowly killing oneself by taking poison to sate one’s thirst. However, should the time actually come, they would have no choice but to do just that.

Ling Han returned to the World’s Paramount Martial Academy to check out what suggestion Wally would provide him. However, seeing as the latter was still in the midst of calculations, he could only go back empty-handed.

The battle raged on. Even though Ling Han’s group was still making assassination attempts, Hysteria’s army had greatly strengthened its defenses, making it impossible for them to kill any of their leaders. However, this was normal. Such a massive army would not have been able to cause so much destruction if they had allowed Ling Han’s group to succeed every time.

After several tens of thousands of years, the Flaming Frost army’s line of defense finally crumbled, and they had to retreat 500 km. Their defenses continued to suffer losses, and ultimately they had no choice but to leave this battlefield, utilizing the Flaming Frost Realm’s dimensional strength to suppress the enemy and help in battle.

This was a major defeat, but if they had tried to force their stand, they would have only ended up losing the entire army.

The higher-ups had reached a decision, and started constructing a second transcendent dimension.

Simply put, they were going to accelerate the progression of the war. They would evacuate all the remaining people in the high-level dimension, and then let one of the other dimensions start devouring other dimensions to create a second transcendent dimension.

That way, should they lose the Flaming Frost Realm, they would still be able to retreat somewhere else and continue their battle with Hysteria from there.

As such, the Flaming Frost Realm continued to resist and buy time for the new transcendent dimension to be born.

Within the Flaming Frost Realm, Hysteria’s army would find it difficult to advance. With the dimensional suppression, the Hysteria army’s cumulative strength would be reduced by an entire level as Fifth Tiers would only be able to exert the strength of a Fourth Tier or slightly higher.

This naturally made them less of a threat, and gave the Flaming Frost army the breather it needed.

Using the time they had, all the Heavenly Venerates were trying to recover their strength, breaking through to the next cultivation level, or improving their skills.

In the blink of an eye, 3,000,000 years had passed.

The natural environment had changed greatly. With Hysteria’s continued assault, the land that had once belonged solely to the Flaming Frost Realm now became an intersection for both realms, resulting in the Hysteria’s army no longer being suppressed by the dimension.

A great battle broke out once again. Having accumulated strength for several millions of years, the Hysteria army was now an unstoppable force, causing the Flaming Frost army to once again fall on the defensive.

After giving up another significant part of their territory, the Flaming Frost army stood their ground, and continued to resist from their new base.

At this rate, they were probably able to hold out for another 100 billion years. By then, half of the Flaming Frost Realm would have been devoured, and it would fall from its position as a transcendent dimension.

As a high-level dimension, it would not be sufficient to resist Hysteria at all. Not to mention, the dimension would suffer massive destruction in a battle among Seventh Tier Heavenly Venerates. This would simply help Hysteria speed up the process of destroying the Flaming Frost Realm.

Would 100 billion years be enough for a new transcendent dimension to emerge from the midst of the current high-level dimensions?

Some Heavenly Venerates were selected to move to the high-level dimensions and help accelerate the inter-dimensional battle between them.

Finally, Ling Han received news from Wally. The latter had finished his deductions.