Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

2921 Suppression by the dimensions

Since they already had a path of retreat, it was inevitable that the various forces would have their own plans.

Since the Flaming Frost Realm could not be saved, then why would they still have to spend so much effort on it? Every time Hysteria’s troops attacked, even if they were suppressed by the Power of Dimension, it would still lead to some wounded and even dead.

Which Heavenly Venerate was willing to die?

Very naturally, the various forces became more and more passive in the resistance against Hysteria. On the other hand, the number of Heavenly Venerates they sent to battle at the Profound Negative Realm was gradually increasing.

!!

For a force to be able to prosper eternally, it was definitely not something as simple as needing one or a few top-notch elites to keep watch, but rather the addition and rise of new blood was the key, and this required a massive amount of resources.

Where did the resources come from?

Territory, of course. The more territory they occupied, the greater their gains would naturally be.

Furthermore, the Profound Negative Realm would be upgraded from a high-level dimension to a transcendent dimension. In between, there would be massive changes in the heaven and earth, and observing the changes in the dimensional core at close quarters would be greatly beneficial to any Heavenly Venerate.

Moreover, after upgrading, the Profound Negative Realm would also produce a great number of natural treasures. In fact, even treasures that would be useful to Heavenly Venerates would appear.

For these reasons, even Heavenly Venerates couldn’t maintain their composure. They had to quickly stake a claim to the territory.

But even if Ling Han or those around him worked hard, it would be useless. There were too many Hysteria troops. Even if it was Lin Youlian or the like, the result of taking them head-on would definitely be the latter being blasted into dust.

In the end, even the Sixth Tier elites spoke up, strictly controlling the number of Heavenly Venerates that entered the Profound Negative Realm.

They indeed needed Heavenly Venerates to help speed up the devouring process of the Profound Negative Realm, but if the Flaming Frost Realm fell because of this, and the Profound Negative Realm had not matured yet, that would be great trouble.

Since the Sixth Tiers had spoken up, the situation became slightly better. However, there were still forces that secretly arranged for Heavenly Venerates to go to the Profound Negative Realm. It was just that they were not as brazen as before, and their numbers were also controlled.

Ling Han returned to the front lines, and fought against the Hysteria army together with his family, brothers, and friends.

He moved out alone, and carried out a decapitation mission.

Right now, his strength had further advanced, and added with the fact that he had formed real dimensions, he was filled with confidence.

Fu Yuan and the others wanted to go together with him, but Ling Han rejected their offer. If he was alone, he could come and go as he pleased.

He arrived at the enemy camp, and did not hide his tracks. In any case, after so many attacks, Hysteria’s army was already extremely heavily guarded. No matter how he disguised himself, it would be useless.

There was only a simple word for itkill.

Ling Han charged into the enemy camp with his battle prowess on full throttle, unleashing a great massacre.

The Hysteria army immediately rioted, and countless attacks poured towards Ling Han.

Weng, weng, weng. The Powers of Dimension in Ling Han’s body channeled like a millstone, dispersing the majority of the attacks that were fired at him. However, the numbers were really too high and too concentrated, and there were still a great many attacks that could not be dispersed. After a round of attacks, Ling Han almost threw up blood.

F***, it had only been 10,000,000 years or so since they had last fought, and the attacks of these guys had actually become so fierce?

Ling Han was sure that if it were not for the fact that he had the Powers of Dimension in his body to disperse attacks, even a Sixth Tier elite would probably throw up blood and be injured under the combined barrage of so many attacks.

It wasn’t that Ling Han was more powerful than a Sixth Tier, but rather that when faced with a large number of attacks, the Power of Dimension had an advantage in dispersing them. On the other hand, if a Sixth Tier were to directly attack Ling Han, then even if the Power of Dimension absorbed 50% of the attack, it would still cause serious injury to Ling Han. In fact, it might even kill him directly.

Ling Han released a battle cry, unleashed the ninth-grade combination seals, and charged towards the enemy’s leader. He was invincible, and no monster could stop him. F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

The leader monsters were already prepared. The moment Ling Han entered, they would retreat. No matter what, they had to maintain an absolute distance from Ling Han. On the other hand, a tidal wave of monsters filled the hole, using their bodies of flesh and blood to block Ling Han.

Though Ling Han was aggressive, there were really too many enemies. Furthermore, with thousands of attacks blasting at the same time, it also made Ling Han feel like he was under a mountain of pressure, and he thought of retreating.

‘I haven’t tried out my new move yet,’ Ling Han thought. A large part of the reason why he had come here was because he wanted to test out the might of those 13 dimensions in actual battle.

“Go!” he shouted lightly, and the projection of a dimension immediately shot out. It was infinitely enlarged, and a frightening pressure instantly descended. At least tens of thousands of nearby monsters were affected, and couldn’t help but bow.

It was not that they wanted to submit to Ling Han, but rather that the pressure was too great, forcing them to bow.

Peng, peng, peng! However, these monsters were extremely ruthless, so how could they possibly compromise so easily? A great many monsters that had spare energy immediately moved, blasting towards that dimension.

A Third Tier Heavenly Venerate could destroy a low-level dimension, a Fifth Tier Heavenly Venerate could destroy a medium-level dimension, and this dimension that Ling Han projected was only medium-level, so how could it withstand the combined attacks of innumerable Fifth Tier Heavenly Venerates? Very soon, multiple cracks appeared, and then it turned into innumerable pieces with a bang.

Ling Han was completely unconcerned. He had already taken advantage of the opening to cover a large distance. Then, with a wave of his right hand, dimensional projections shot out again, and this time, the number had reached as many as three.

Boom, even Fifth Tier monsters were affected. Even if they did not bow, they could feel their bodies become heavier.

Ling Han continued to advance, and he was already getting closer and closer to his target.

The monsters all attacked at the same time, and the projections of the three dimensions very soon exploded. However, when Ling Han released another five projections of dimensions, he had already reached the target monster.

He shot out a punch, bringing with it an amplification of more than 200 times in power. Peng, it was only a single punch, and the target monster was instantly crushed into dust.

Ling Han turned around without hesitation, and locked down on the second target monster.

Would he be able to kill another?

Though he was presently very relaxed, that was because the dimensions in his body were showing their might, suppressing many monsters, but after the projections of the dimensions were destroyed, they would need time to reform. He had already used up nine dimensions, and only four remained.

‘Let’s give it a try.’

Ling Han charged over again. The projections of the four dimensions were channeled at the same time, suppressing innumerable monsters, while he took advantage of the opening to madly charge towards the second leader monster.

He unleashed his full power, channeling the eighth-grade seals. His power increased by close to 1,000 times, and his speed also received an astonishing increase.

When the four dimensions were destroyed, Ling Han had also arrived in front of his target. As usual, he threw out a punch.

Peng! The monster was killed without a doubt.

Amidst an army of thousands, it was a piece of cake for him to take the enemy commander’s head!

Ling Han laughed loudly, his heroic spirit soaring, but in the next instant, he had already torn open a rip into the Void, and directly fled.

The remaining 13 dimensions had already been used up. If he didn’t leave now, what else was he waiting for? Was he waiting to be beaten up?

He entered into the Void, and couldn’t help but feel rueful.

No wonder Zhou Heng, Lin Xiaoyang, and the others all said that the best path should be to place dimensions inside one’s body. It was indeed awesome.