Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

2931 Return

Yet Ling Han did not care. Just like he had said, he had only come to deliver a beating. Who cared if Fang Wuding admitted defeat, or if he was pleased or not?

There was only one word for itthrash.

In full public, Feng Wuding, the Son of Destiny of the Genesis World of the last era, was thrashed madly and completely humiliated.

Everyone was rueful. The Genesis World of the previous era ultimately represented the past. In this era, they would still have to depend on the Son of Destiny of this Genesis World, and this person, from the look of things, was Ling Han.

!!

Ling Han showed no mercy, and thrashed all the members of the World Alliance, inflicting serious injuries. Then, he emptied out all of their Spatial Tools, and only then did he stop.

He obtained a considerable number of Great Herbs, which were the benefits bestowed by the World Alliance. These Heavenly Venerates had been saving them up, and in the end, they had all benefited Ling Han.

“To dare ambush my daughter, you guys are really courting death!” Ling Han said menacingly. This was the Realm Battlefield, and killing was forbidden. If not for that, these people would have long since died.

The members of the World Alliance could only groan in pain. There should be no one with Fifth-Tier battle prowess capable of defeating Ling Han, unless a Sixth Tie made a move. However, because the environment here had evolved, even if a Sixth Tier came, his cultivation level would still be suppressed. He would probably only be delivering himself up to die, and would not be a match for Ling Han at all.

“Heh, so awe-inspiring!” Xin Qihu said coldly. “Ling Han, don’t you know that private battles are forbidden here?”

Ling Han turned to look at him, and felt that this so-called greatest prodigy of all eternity was extremely disgusting. Ling Han could not even be bothered to speak nonsense with him. When he had enough strength, he would just directly beat him till the latter burst.

The coldness in his expression caused Xin Qihu to fly into a rage, and he immediately stepped out. “Ling Han, you dare to look down on me!” He moved, and pressed out his right palm. Boom! Sixth-Tier power blazed out.

This power was too great. Ling Han could not possibly match it, but before he even retreated, Lin Youlian had already moved, and stood in front of him. Her delicate hand waved lightly, and dispersed this blow from Xin Qihu.

“Move aside.” Xin Qihu’s gaze was menacing.

Lin Youlian had tender features, but her expression was extremely determined as she said, “Brother Xin, enough is enough.”

“What do you mean by ‘enough is enough’?” Xin Qihu laughed loudly. His figure shot out, and charged towards Ling Han.

“You’ve gone too far!” Lin Youlian waved a sleeve, stepping forward to meet Xin Qihu’s attack.

The two greatest prodigies of all eternity began a fierce clash, both unleashing their full battle prowess. Hong, long, long! The heaven and earth trembled. Thankfully, this place had already become the Realm Battlefield. Ordinary people would have long since evacuated. Otherwise, if they fought like this, who knew how many ordinary people would suffer.

Even so, Ling Han and the other elites with Fifth-Tier battle prowess had no choice but to retreat as well. The aftermath was extremely terrifying, and there was no need for them to face it head-on.

After fighting for half a day, Xin Qihu finally stopped. Upstodatee from n(0)/v𝒆/lbIn/.(co/m

As fellow greatest prodigies of all eternity, Xin Qihu couldn’t do anything to Lin Youlian, and Lin Youlian couldn’t do anything to him, either. Unless they really fought with their lives on the line, it would be impossible to determine the victor even if they fought for 100,000,000 years.

Xin Qihu looked menacingly at Ling Han. He did not hide the killing intent in his eyes at all. Previously, he had kept it hidden, and used a decapitation operation to lay a trap for Ling Han, but looking at his present expression, if he had a chance to make a move, he would kill Ling Han without hesitation.

Ling Han was fearless as he looked into Xin Qihu’s eyes. Worse come to worst, he could just tear a rip into the Void and leave. As long as he advanced to the Fourth Tier, he would be able to completely match Xin Qihu, and if he became a Fifth Tier, beating up Xin Qihu would definitely be as easy as a father beating his son.

There was a ball of anger in Ling Han’s heart. Xin Qihu could be so unrestrained, but wasn’t it all because he had a higher cultivation level and greater strength?

‘I want to become stronger, I want to become even stronger!’

Ling Han clenched his fists, and shouted in his heart. An incredibly desperate need for strength rose up in him.

Everyone gradually left. Because unity had long since crumbled, the rules of the Realm Battlefield weren’t so strict anymore. As long as no one was killed, no one would pursue the matter. Thus, the matter of Ling Han destroying the World Alliance was also set aside in confusion.

Actually, there were only a few people and forces that really wanted to pursue the matter with Ling Han. The majority still hoped to see Ling Han mature.

Ling Han had only collected some interest this time. He knew that the cause of the trouble lay with Yue Borong, who wanted to avenge the death of his son, and that was why he had deliberately targeted the Ling Alliance.

This debt would be remembered!

Time passed quietly, and as the environment of the Realm Battlefield became more and more neutral, Hysteria’s army attacked again, setting up camp in the distance, ready to launch a fierce attack at any time.

However, because the timing and location were still leaning in favor of the Flaming Frost Realm army, Hysteria’s army chose to stay put.

Just at this moment, news came again from the Genesis World of the last era.

Previously, hadn’t there been people who stayed there, wanting to find any raw stones that they had missed? Not too long ago, someone had actually entered into the 10th dimension!

Was this a Seventh Tier?

Of course, that was impossible. This was only a Third Tier, but how had he managed to enter the 10th dimension?

As it turned out, a spatial overlap had appeared in this group of dimensions. It was not the kind of compression from top to bottom, but rather like the Realm Battlefield in the past. When one was walking in the second spatial level, who knew, one might pass through a cave and arrive at the fifth level or the seventh spatial level.

That Third Tier had entered a passageway in the fourth dimension, and then discovered that he had come to the 10th dimensionor at least it was the 10th level, because this place had not been excavated before.

Ultimately, the reason should be related to the emergence of Heavenly Venerate Chong Yan and the other Seventh Tiers. They were too strong, which affected the structure of this Genesis World.

It was absolutely possible because this Genesis World was already dead, so it naturally couldn’t withstand the power of Seventh Tier.

When this news spread out, everyone was naturally moved.

When the primitive dimension had appeared, it had greatly increased the overall strength of the Heavenly Venerable Tier elites. However, limited by their strength, even Sixth Tier elites would not be able to set foot from the 10th dimension onwards.

And now, a special passageway had actually been discovered?

The camp instantly became restless. Who would still be in the mood to sit here?

Not long after, a decree came from the Sixth Tier elites, permitting a portion of Heavenly Venerates to venture into the last era Genesis World for exploration because this would be able to increase the overall strength of Heavenly Venerable Tier. However, the choice of candidates was strictly regulated.

A total of over 100 people were chosen, and were able to enter into the Genesis World of the last era. Ling Han was also fortunate enough to be given a place. Additionally, supreme prodigies like Xin Qihu, Wu Haoyang, Feng Wuding, and so on were also on the list.

However, Lin Youlian was excluded. She would wait for Ling Han and the others to return and take turns with them. Otherwise, if all the powerful figures left, then the Hysteria army would still be unstoppable should they launch an attack, the suppression of heaven and earth notwithstanding.

It should be known that there were definitely spies of Hysteria among them, and the truth definitely couldn’t be concealed.

Among those who had good relations with Ling Han, only Bai Mifan was also included in this batch. The two of them immediately set out, heading towards Genesis World of the last era, which was in the Void.

They only had 100,000 years, and then they would have to return. Otherwise, they would be dealt with as traitors.