Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

2941 Setting out on a new journey

Hu! Hu! Hu!

Thank you readers!

Ling Han tossed out Xuan Feng and Bai Mifan. The three of them lay on the ground, panting heavily.

It had been extremely dangerous just now. Whether it was the 11 Sixth Tier elites ganging up on Ling Han or Hysteria’s attack at the end, those were both perilous situations. If Ling Han’s reaction speed had been slightly slower, or his strength had been the slightest bit lower, he would definitely have been a dead man by now.

“I never would’ve thought that Fu Yuan was actually a traitor!” Bai Mifan slammed his fist into the ground, revealing an expression of fury.

Xuan Feng was outraged as well, and also felt an indescribable feeling of pain.

The four of them had fought side by side for several hundred million years. Who would have thought that the companion that they had left their backs to would actually be one of Hysteria’s subordinates?

Ling Han’s expression was also very cold. If it was just his suspicions that Fu Yuan had been coerced at first, then he naturally could confirm by now that Fu Yuan was also one of Hysteria’s pawns, just like Meng Dong.

However, he was even better hidden. In fact, he had even boldly appeared as a companion by Ling Han’s side, and the only reason for that was to find a chance to kill Ling Han.

…In the decapitation mission carried out previously, Hysteria had ambushed him, and Ling Han almost had not managed to return. Now that he was thinking back on it, it had to have been Fu Yuan that had leaked his whereabouts.

Ling Han had always been looking for the enemy agent that was near him. The one he had suspected the most had been Xin Qihu, but when Xin Qihu and Wu Haoyang had come together to save him previously, Ling Han was convinced that though Xin Qihu was no good guy, he would not betray his principles.

Now that the truth was out, he was still somewhat unwilling to believe it.

“If I see him next time, I will definitely chop off his head, and dig out his heart to see what color his heart is,” Xuan Feng shouted loudly.

“This bastard, just what great benefits has Hysteria bestowed on him that he would actually betray his own people!?” Bai Mifan said through gritted teeth. “Also, what the heck is going on with those people? How can they fuse with one another, and become something so bizarre?”

Both of them turned to look at Ling Han at the same time, naturally hoping that Ling Han could give them an answer.

Ling Han organized his thoughts, and revealed how Hysteria had set up his pawns years ago. He did not hide his identity. They were his brothers; was there any need to hide things from them?

Xuan Feng and Bai Mifan naturally would not suspect Ling Han. With Hysteria laying out a trap to kill him like this, if there was still a problem with Ling Han, that would be too unfathomable.

“I never imagined that Hysteria had pulled off such a cunning plot!” Bai Mifan exclaimed.

Everyone’s impression of Hysteria was that it was extremely powerful, and even Seventh Tiers would have to join forces to be able to resist it successfully, but it was also because of such great power that they overlooked the side of Hysteria that was intelligent.

Even if Hysteria hadn’t had intelligence at that time, even if it had become an idiot in the explosion of the Genesis World of the last era, leaving behind only a sliver of its soul, after regaining the strength of a Seventh Tier, and after so many epochs of development, how could it be that it still couldn’t develop astonishing intelligence?

It had not played any tricks all this while, because it had not needed to. Its strength had been enough to overwhelm its enemies. However, after being unable to take down the Flaming Frost Realm for a long time, Hysteria finally adjusted its battle strategy.

From sending out undercover agents to adjusting the composition of the army and adding in intelligent creations were all things that showed Hysteria’s desire for change.

“However, after this battle, Hysteria’s undercover spies should have been more or less eliminated,” Ling Han said.

The only unfortunate thing was that as the eight fusion monsters died, the 80 first-grade seals they had would also disappear.

That was 80 first-grade seals, and it was extremely possible that they could form a sequence, turning into extremely terrifying combination seals.

Ling Han felt like his heart was bleeding. Initially, he had already considered them as his private property, yet it was all for naught in the end, which made him extremely depressed.

They returned to base camp, and did not speak of how they had been ambushed, because this involved Ling Han’s identity. Furthermore, it would not be of any help even if they spoke of it. Zhou Heng and the others were aware of this even earlier.

However, the bomb beside him had finally exploded. Ling Han still felt a sense of relief, and was even a little glad. What if they had targeted the Empress, Hu Niu, Ling Xi, Ling Jianxue, and the others?

Then it would really have been difficult for Ling Han to deal with.

Because Ling Han’s strength had advanced to the Sixth Tier, he had also become one of the commanders-in-chief, and was on equal footing with Xin Qihu and the others. Additionally, there was also Feng Wuding, who turned them from the previous three great generals into the current Five Heavenly Kings.

Ling Han made a suggestion. No matter what, they had to assign some people to the Genesis World of the last era, especially from among the five of them. The clash with Hysteria would still have to depend on the high-end powerhouses. Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

That was because it was Hysteria that had started this invasion. If Hysteria itself could not be defeated, it could endlessly launch attacks, and there would never come a day of peace.

So ultimately, war would still have to depend on Seventh-Tier battle prowess.

Resisting here was passive. Even if Hysteria’s troops could be halted eternally here, so what? Would that resolve the problem of Hysteria?

Regarding this suggestion, even Xin Qihu and Feng Wuding agreed very much. Even if they had a lot of conflicts with Ling Han, they all had a high opinion of themselves, and thought that they could deal with the great problem of Hysteria.

Even if they retreated slightly here, as long as they could advance to the Sixth Tier or Seventh Tier, sacrificing some territory would be worth it.

To say the least, the advancement of the Profound Negative Realm to the transcendent level was very smooth. Even if they lost the Flaming Frost Realm, it would not be the end of the world.

After a round of discussions, the five of them reached an agreement to resume the travels to the Genesis World of the last era.

However, the five of them could not all leave. Otherwise, if there was no one standing guard here, who knew what kind of trouble the various forces would cause.

After drawing lots, Wu Haoyang and Lin Youlian were those to leave with the first batch, and it was still for a period of 100,000 years.

When they returned, Ling Han, Xin Qihu, and Feng Wuding drew lots again. The result was that Feng Wuding became the one who had to stay behind. He could only be mobilized next time.

Ling Han brought the Empress and Hu Niu with him. This time, it was a mutual decision made by the five commanders. Naturally, they could decide whom they would go with.

However, this was too coincidental. He actually was in the same batch with Xin Qihu again.

Ling Han deliberately avoided Xin Qihu, and set out quietly along with the Empress and Hu Niu. Otherwise, that guy might make a move on him again.

The three of them arrived at the Genesis World of the last era. They then started to search for a spatial passageway.

Ling Han’s expression was filled with anticipation. If he could advance to the Fifth Tier this time, he would be able to possess the battle prowess of the Seventh Tier, and become the strongest existence in the Genesis World.

Although there were also differences in strength among Seventh Tiers, he could still be unafraid of anyone.

However, their luck wasn’t all that good. After searching for 90,000 years, they finally discovered a spatial passageway that led to a new dimension.

However, this place was extremely dangerous. Energy storms were everywhere, and even if Ling Han possessed the battle prowess of the Sixth Tier, it was still difficult for him. His gains in these 10,000 years were pitifully little.

Time was up, and they returned.

After arriving at the base camp, Ling Han discovered that everyone was looking at him strangely.