Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

2956 Killed

Jue Huo’s head slanted to one side, looking blankly at the six great elites.

Thank you readers!

‘Are you guys talking to me?’ But it was clearly Ling Han who was fighting, so what did it have to do with her?

Seeing the expression of Heavenly Venerate Absolute Fire, the six elites were also baffled. If you were willing to let Yue Borong off the hook, then just a nod would be enough, and if you did not agree, then whether it was a cold humph or ignoring them completely, that would be fine.

But what did she mean by looking at them with her head tilted to one side like this?

Was she playing around with them?

If it were another person, they would definitely fly into a thunderous rage, and directly move to smack the other party to death.

But now they were facing a Seventh Tier ultimate elite, so even if they knew that she was joking around with them, what could they do?

After reaching the Seventh Tier, one could do as they liked. The heavens couldn’t suppress them, and the earth couldn’t imprison them. There was absolutely no need to care about how others felt.

Ling Han attacked madly. Weng, weng, weng! He released all the dimensions. Now, there was only one opponent, and he had suppressed him. He was not worried that Yue Borong would still have the spare energy to damage his dimensions. If he did, he would really be thinking that he was not dying fast enough.

This gave Yue Borong an indescribable pressure, causing his situation to become worse and worse. He had no choice but to seek help from his companions again.

Meanwhile, the six elites were dumbfounded. They had really been stunned by Ling Han.

Several hundred dimensions, what kind of concept was that?

It should be known that there were only three among them that had nurtured a dimension in their bodies when they had been Pseudo-Heavenly Venerates, causing their battle prowess to surpass that of their peers, but it was only a single dimension.

Previously, there were only five Seventh Tiers in the Flaming Frost Realm. Aside from their descendants, disciples, and grand-disciples, how could others possibly be favored by a Seventh Tier, who could help them create another space in their Dantian to accommodate a second dimension?

But even if there were such lucky people, such as Lin Youlian, Xin Qihu, and so on, how could they compare to Ling Han?

They were completely inferior.

Was this Hysteria’s power then?

The six of them all thought, ‘Could it be that Hysteria is so terrifying? A Seventh Tier could only create a space to accommodate an additional dimension, but Hysteria could stuff in an additional few hundred?’

“Milady, Yue Borong is a member of the main force against Hysteria. We only have about 100 Sixth Tiers in total, so how could he be killed here!” A Sixth Tier mustered up the courage to say this to Heavenly Venerate Absolute Fire.

Jue Huo cocked her head, and said in displeasure, “Why are you guys asking Niu? Niu doesn’t even know what you guys are talking about! You guys are so annoying, Niu hates you guys!”

The six elites were greatly shocked. A Seventh Tier said she hated them; did this mean that she was going to attack them?

They hurriedly retreated. Once a Seventh Tier moved, no one would be able to stop him.

Having condensed the six fundamental powers of the Genesis World, they were powerful to an indescribable extent, and there was absolutely no way to stand against them.

However, he had no time to reprimand them at all. Ling Han’s attacks were too violent, and it was clear that he wanted to destroy Yue Borong in under two hours. His attacks were earth-shattering, and when he threw a punch, mountains collapsed and the earth cracked. The entire dimension was trembling, triggering a terrifying energy storm.

This undoubtedly made the battle even more dangerous. Not only did Yue Borong have to resist the direct pressure from Ling Han, he also had to guard against the energy storm that could charge out at any time. This naturally made his situation worse, and he was in imminent danger.

This energy storm was naturally impartial, and similarly exerted a great pressure on Ling Han. However, Ling Han had already made up his mind, and that was to trade injury for injury. He had the upper hand, and sustaining the energy storm would only cause him serious injury, at most, but Yue Borong would be dying.

The six elites saw this, yet not only were they unable to rescue him, they didn’t even dare to open their mouths to plead for leniency. This was because Heavenly Venerate Absolute Fire had already rebuked them and said she hated them. Who would dare to provoke her further?

Peng!

Yue Borong’s left arm was shattered with a punch from Ling Han. Blood exploded and spattered in all directions.

Sixth Tiers were extremely powerful. Wherever this blood flowed, it would be as if the spot had suffered a heavy blow, and would explode into pieces.

Ling Han also spat out a mouthful of blood. In order to severely wound Yue Borong with this blow, he had also been struck by the energy storm. This was a price that had to be paid.

It was as if he felt nothing, and his offensive was still as strong as ever.

Yue Borong took a deep breath, wanting to forcibly extract the power of heaven and earth to quickly grow his arm back, but this was the Void, where the six fundamental powers were extremely violent. He inhaled a single breath madly, and his face instantly flushed red. He appeared to be in extreme pain. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Originally, he could suppress this kind of violent force, but now he was heavily injured. Not only was this unable to help him, it instead caused his injuries to worsen.

“Old bastard, I’ll send you on your way to the afterlife!” Ling Han said coldly. He brandished his fists furiously, and his offensive became even more rapid.

Yue Borong gritted his teeth and forged on. Being able to cultivate to Sixth Tier, how could his will be defeated so easily?

Fight, fight, fight. The two elites were both going all out. If Ling Han relaxed the slightest at this moment, Yue Borong would be able to catch his breath and escape with his life, and if Yue Borong relaxed the slightest, his only fate would be death.

Ling Han forced Yue Borong to continuously retreat. The Powers of Dimension suppressed him, and he delivered another heavy punch, instantly sending Yue Borong flying.

Boom! The energy storm rushed out, and just happened to crash into Yue Borong’s body, causing him serious injury.

Yue Borong let out a muffled groan, and one side of his body exploded. This was caused by the “joint efforts” of the energy storm and Ling Han. Even if he was a Sixth Tier, he still seemed extremely fragile in this dangerous place.

Ling Han let out a battle cry, his figure in hot pursuit. He would not give the other party another chance. He was going to use a series of attacks to completely dispose of Yue Borong.

The six great elites were all restless. Yue Borong was really going to die; could they just watch helplessly?

But to make a move?

A Seventh Tier ultimate elite was just standing right in front of them, so how could they dare?

With such a moment of hesitation, Yue Borong finally reached the point of complete exhaustion.

No matter how firm his willpower was, and no matter how tenacious it was, it was not enough to support him any longer. He was heavily injured, and one side of his body had exploded into nothing, which seriously affected his battle prowess. Furthermore, Ling Han had adopted a life-or-death style of battle. This was not trading injury for injury, but trading injury for his life.

“Brat, you will eventually get your just desserts!” Yue Borong released a furious roar of despair. He was sure that Heavenly Venerate Chong Yan and the other Seventh Tiers would definitely not spare Ling Han, especially now that even a Sixth Tier was killed by Ling Han like this. Then, the Seventh Tiers would also have to abandon everything else in order to kill Ling Han at all costs.

Otherwise, there would never be another chance in the future.

“You speak too much nonsense!” Ling Han said coldly. He was merciless, and threw over 30 punches in a row, instantly killing Yue Borong.

A Sixth Tier died!

The six great elites were all cold and speechless. They felt a sympathy that came from seeing a peer killed in this way, causing them to feel a sense of sadness.

Ling Han was too ruthless. Sixth Tiers were the main force of the resistance against Hysteria’s troops, and the death of one of them was an extremely great pity. To the Flaming Frost Realm, this was a great loss.

Weng! A Sixth Tier had died, and his majestic life essence boiled, turning into an ocean that surged towards Ling Han.

Hold on, why was there so little?