2959 Whereabouts of the Ling Clan

Seven Sixth Tiers had all died. This would definitely cause a great commotion.

Thank you readers!

As expected, more Sixth Tiers had appeared recently, and Ling Han in fact felt an indescribably powerful aura. This should belong to a Seventh Tier elite.

If Heavenly Venerate Absolute Fire didn’t appear and explain, the deaths of Yue Borong and the others would definitely be placed on Ling Han’s account. This would undoubtedly further serve as a solid proof that Ling Han was Hysteria’s subordinate.

Ling Han was also too busy to pay attention to this. He simply continued to search for veins of ore and cultivate.

Refining a portion of life essence from seven great Sixth Tier Heavenly Venerates also allowed his cultivation level to advance a bit. However, if he wanted to reach the peak stage of the Fourth Tier, he still needed a great amount of energy. Without the help of Great Herbs, the time needed would be incredibly shocking.

Ling Han searched for a spatial passageway that led to the lower levels, but couldn’t find it no matter how hard he tried. Time passed quietly, and he was discovered many times. Naturally, he was hunted down.

The most dangerous time was when he felt the arrival of a Seventh Tier, so he could only tear a rip into the Void and leave. Only after he circled around did he return to this place.

Time flew by, and 20 billion years quietly passed by.

Ling Han had finally cultivated to the peak stage of the Fourth Tier, but he didn’t gain much from mining raw stones. He basically relied on his own hard work to reach this step.

He couldn’t help but feel rueful. Without the help of Great Herbs, his cultivation speed was really overwhelmingly slow.

However, he had finally reached the peak stage of the Fourth Tier, and it was useless to give him Great Herbs now. If he wanted to advance to the Fifth Tier, he would need a crimson Great Herb.

…Others only needed an orange-colored Great Herb to reach the Fifth Tier, but this would not do for Ling Han, because his starting point was too high.

However, to say nothing of crimson-colored Great Herbs, he did not even have any orange-colored Great Herbs.

He went into seclusion and focused on cultivation again. 300,000,000 years passed, and he did not advance the slightest bit.

If he wanted to enter the Fifth Tier through hard cultivation, this might require one or two or even more epochs.

Ling Han sighed. This was too slow; it couldn’t be done.

He believed that there were even more Great Herbs in the depths of this group of dimensions, and the crimson Great Herb would definitely exist as well. But the problem here was that he did not have the battle prowess of a Seventh Tier, so there was no way for him to enter at all. This formed a paradox.

Forget it, he’d go out and roam around.

Ling Han decided to return to the Genesis World and experience the mortal world. Maybe he would be enlightened if changed his mindset.

Moreover, he had been away for too long. He should return and take a look, and see what the world was like now.

He tore a rip into space, and quietly returned.

Thus, Ling Han kept a very low profile. He changed his appearance and aura, not wanting to be recognized by anyone. Otherwise, his idea of going out to train in the mortal world would definitely come to nothing, and he would only be hunted down.

Ling Han and the Empress both missed their children very much, and after so long had passed, they should have added many generations of descendants, right?

The three of them returned to the Profound Negative Realm.

“Huh?”

The moment they arrived, they immediately discovered the difference.

The abundance of Spiritual Qi here and the activity of the fundamental particles far surpassed the past, reaching a level comparable to the Flaming Frost Realm.

…The Profound Negative Realm had advanced from high-level to transcendent-level.

Ling Han sensed for a while, and sure enough, the nine seeds of high-level dimensions in his body lost their sense of this dimension, and had disappeared forever.

“Has the Flaming Frost Realm fallen yet?”

“Let’s ask around.”

They arrived in a city, entered a restaurant, and then listened to everyone’s lively discussions.

However, these were all ordinary people, so it was impossible for them to know too much about the overall situation of the world. Thus, the three of them soon left the restaurant to find a larger sect.

It wasn’t long before they arrived at a sect, where a disciple recruitment competition was being held. Young people with great potential displayed their talents, and there were people from the older generation observing from the platform. Occasionally, they would whisper among themselves.

Ling Han used his senses, and directly extracted a Celestial King from the sect, and asked about the present situation.

Though Celestial Kings were not qualified to enter into the Realm Battlefield, they did not lack knowledge about the great matters of the world. Under the pressure of Ling Han’s aura, the latter answered all his questions. Furthermore, this was no secret. Everyone knew, so there was no need to keep it a secret.

Sure enough, the Flaming Frost Realm had already fallen. However, Hysteria was in the process of engulfing this dimension, so it needed to spend some time in a “digestion period.” During this time, Hysteria naturally had no time to attack, giving the Genesis World a rare opportunity to rest and recuperate.

At present, the various forces were all stationed in the Profound Negative Realm, and it was said that there were also elites discussing a counterattack against the Flaming Frost Realm.

Because the Flaming Frost Realm belonged to the category of transcendent dimensions, the dimensional core possessed indescribable value, and following the collapse of the dimensional core, it no longer possessed destructive power. If one could snatch it, then perhaps a Sixth Tier could directly advance to the Seventh Tier.

With an additional Seventh Tier, there would be a little more hope for the Genesis World. Thus, even Seventh Tier ultimate elites would move, creating opportunities for others.

Everyone was waiting. They were waiting for Hysteria to devour more or less the entire Flaming Frost Realm. When Hysteria was about to expose the core of the dimension, they would take advantage of the opening to make a move and snatch prey from the tiger’s mouth.

When Ling Han heard this, his heart involuntarily beat faster.

If he could obtain the core of the Flaming Frost Realm, then it shouldn’t be difficult for him to advance to the Fifth Tier, right?

As long as Ling Han became a Fifth Tier, he would be able to possess the power of a Seventh Tier. He would even be able to put up a fight against a Seventh Tier or even Hysteria.

All right, he would keep this in mind.

Ling Han then asked, “Do you know where the Ling Alliance is?”

“Ling Alliance?” The Celestial King’s face was filled with confusion.

No matter how Ling Han asked, that Celestial King did not know what the Ling Alliance was.

Ling Han could only change his question. “Then what about the Ling Clan?”

“Ling Clan… Ling Clan… Oh!” The Celestial King finally recalled some information, and spoke of the location of a force.

Ling Han casually erased this part of his memory. Otherwise, it was extremely likely that he would have guessed that something was off. Then, Ling Han’s identity would be exposed.

The three of them set out, heading towards the Western Desert Mountains.

The Western Desert Mountains were not too far away. Otherwise, with the strength of that Celestial King, there was no way he could have traveled too far and know the location of the Ling Clan.

The Ling Clan of the Western Desert was a very powerful force, having a Sixth Heaven Celestial King in the clan.

There were no Heavenly Venerates?

Ling Han did not suspect anything, because Celestial King Tier was the strongest level in the eyes of the world. Heavenly Venerates would rarely appear in public.

Moreover, Heavenly Venerates still had to continue constructing defensive lines. When Hysteria completely devoured the Flaming Frost Realm, the cruel war would begin again, and preparations would have to be made.

However, wasn’t a Sixth Heaven Celestial King a little too weak?

Ling Han arrived at the foot of the Western Desert Mountains. This was the main gate of the Ling Clan. All areas in the mountains were classified as private property of the Ling Clan, and no one was allowed to enter unless invited.

Ling Han adjusted his aura to the Celestial King Tier, but it was only the Fifth Heaven Celestial King Tier.

“Greetings, milord.” There were two Immortal Palace Tier cultivators acting as guards at the door. When they discovered that Ling Han was here, they hurriedly paid their respects.

…There were five ribbons of iridescent light wrapped around Ling Han’s body. This was the most obvious sign of a Celestial King. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Originally, it would have been impossible to imitate this, but there were too many dimensions inside Ling Han’s body, and he himself was a small Genesis World, so nobody could complain that he was a cheat. Imitating a Celestial King was naturally a piece of cake.