Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

2974 Heavenly Venerates Assemble

After so many years of being devoured, the core of the Flaming Frost Realm was finally going to show itself.

This would undoubtedly trigger a massive battle.

To the whole Genesis World, it didn’t matter who obtained the core of the dimension, as long as it wasn’t going to be Hysteria.

However, who didn’t want such a treasured item?

It didn’t matter who it was. As long as they were a Heavenly Venerate, their cultivation would increase greatly if they obtained the core. Even a Sixth Tier could potentially break through to the Seventh Tier.

It was evident that the fight for the core would cause plenty of chaos and bloodshed.

However, to even be able to fight for the core, one had to be within the Flaming Frost Realm. With the Flaming Frost Realm being taken over by Hysteria, this meant that anyone who wanted a shot had to enter Hysteria’s domain, which caused their strength to be reduced greatly, all the while battling Hysteria and its mighty forces. How dangerous would that be?

Even a Sixth Tier Heavenly Venerate would be easily killed.

Fortunately, there would be Seventh Tier Heavenly Venerates this time around as well. They were undying and invincible, so they were naturally not afraid of Hysteria’s strength.

Ling Han stood up. He was finally going to turn things around.

“Ancestor, you are making your move?” Ling Duanyun asked. He knew about Ling Han wanting to fight for the core of the dimension.

Ling Han nodded. “You should hurry up and locate the other Ling Clan descendants.”

“Yes,” Ling Duanyun replied courteously. Under Ling Han’s careful guidance, he was now a Ninth Heaven Celestial King, but it would still be a long way before he became a Heavenly Venerate.

Among all of Ling Han’s descendants, he was definitely one of the more talented ones. However, how could it be that easy to become a Heavenly Venerate?

Moreover, he also had let go of Cheng Sisi, and focused solely on his martial arts. It was because he gradually realized Cheng Sisi was not suitable for him.

Ling Han bid goodbye to the Empress and Hu Niu. This time, he was going to head into Hysteria’s territory, making it too dangerous to bring the two women along. Not even a Heavenly Venerate Tool would be completely reliable in front of Hysteria’s strength. Not to mention, Chong Yan and the others would be going after Ling Han as well, making things even more difficult.

One could say that Ling Han was going into the belly of the beast. He was positive that Chong Yan and the rest were going to support Feng Wuding as well. This meant that he would be facing five Seventh Tier Heavenly Venerates.

Even if Ling Han had deduced all the seventh-grade Heavenly Venerable Seals, and could raise his strength by a frightening 2,000 times over, would it be enough to challenge a Seventh Tier?

He shook his head. He might be able to take one blow if he tried really hard, or perhaps not even that.

Still, this was a rare opportunity for him. Whether or not he could break through to the Fifth Tier as soon as possible relied on him obtaining the core of the dimension.

He departed, breaking into the Void. After a short journey, he ripped open space and entered the Flaming Frost Realm.

Using the resonance from the Powers of Dimension, it was easy for him to enter the Flaming Frost Realm. However, the Flaming Frost Realm itself had drastically changed since the last time he set foot inside. It was now similar to those dimensions from the Genesis World of the last era, with destruction rampant in every corner and the ground filled with unfathomably deep fissures. The skies were just as bad, with stars cascading down like waterfalls. It was a shocking sight to behold.

Upon arriving, Ling Han was extremely careful because this was the dwelling place of the strongest entity in the universe.

If Ling Han were to fight against Hysteria’s main body, he would definitely be vaporized in a second. Even if he had the battle prowess of a peak Sixth Tier, he would still be unable to compete against a Seventh Tier. It wasn’t just because it would take at least a Seventh Tier to match Hysteria in strength, but because they had indestructible bodies, and could not be killed, only subdued.

Ling Han kept his presence to a minimum, and changed his appearance. Unless absolutely necessary, he didn’t wish to fight or step into the Void.

Time slowly passed as he sat motionlessly on a big rock, sensing the change that was about to happen to this dimension.

This dimension was about to die.

Ling Han felt a sense of pity deep down. He possessed a fundamental power from the Flaming Frost Realm in his body, which had now coalesced into a medium-level dimension. As such, it was no exaggeration to say that he could clearly feel the sadness that perpetuated the heaven and earth.

No one was willing to die, and that included entire dimensions. However, there was no saving it. Hysteria’s encroachment had already pushed it to the brink of destruction. VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience

The core of the dimension would soon be revealed and subsequently refined. At that moment, the Flaming Frost Realm would be gone completely.

Even though Ling Han was also here to fight for the core of the dimension, he also started to feel some sympathy for the Flaming Frost Realm.

This was once a transcendent dimension, but now it was on the brink of destruction. It was a real shame.

“I can only promise you that I will do my best to obtain the core of the dimension,” Ling Han said.

Boom! This dimension was constantly rumbling. What had once been a prosperous and massive realm had now lost over 99 percent of its structure under the constant corruption of Hysteria. Eventually, the core of the dimension would have nowhere left to hide and be forced to show itself.

As the land itself was constantly shrinking, Ling Han had no choice but to change locations repeatedly, edging ever closer towards the center of the realm.

About six months had passed, and the Flaming Frost Realm was now only about the size of a city.

To a normal person, this was still a very large area. However, to a Heavenly Venerate, it was pitifully small. They were able to capture everything with a single glance.

Ling Han saw many of his “old friends,” such as Lin Youlian, Xin Qihu, and Wu Haoyang, as well as… Feng Wuding. Aside from them, there were plenty of other Sixth Tiers and Fifth Tiers. Even Third Tiers and Fourth Tiers had come in droves. Evidently, the core of the dimension was an irresistible temptation to all. It didn’t matter how dangerous it was. Even these elites who stood at the peak of the world were willing to risk their lives for it.

However, none of the Seventh Tiers had shown themselves yet. It was likely they were still battling against Hysteria in the shadows. Otherwise, Hysteria wouldn’t have let all these people just stand here quietly.

As the land area continued to shrink with each passing day, everyone knew that the final battle was upon them.

Weng. A terrifying aura descended from above. A man of massive stature stood on high, emanating a massive presence capable of suppressing the entire realm.

The Shatter Mountains Heavenly Venerate.

He swept a glance across the crowd, pausing slightly on each individual before moving to the next.

However, when his gaze fell upon Ling Han, he stopped for a long while, seemingly in thought.

“You…!” He pointed at Ling Han, and continued, “I must say, you are bold to show yourself here!”

Did he recognize me?

Ling Han denied it in his mind. Not even a Seventh Tier would be able to see through his disguise. However, a Seventh Tier was still no ordinary person. It would be incredibly easy for them to tell if someone was in disguise. And other than him, who else would there be that needed to hide their faces?

Since his cover was blown, Ling Han took off his disguise, and replied bluntly, “Why should I be afraid to show myself? It’s not like you own the place. What a bossy man you are.”

Gasps of astonishment echoed across the crowd when Ling Han revealed his face.

He was extremely famous now for having killed seven Sixth Tiers in a row. How many people here would be able to do that?

Other than the few Seventh Tier Heavenly Venerates, that is.

“Ling Han!” Feng Wuding shouted. He immediately charged forward and launched an attack at Ling Han.

After so many years, his cultivation had improved drastically, and was now at the peak of the Fourth Tier. However, like Ling Han, he still had not broken through to the Fifth Tier. And without the Red Great Herb, there was no way he would be able to break through in the foreseeable future.

He despised Ling Han, and wanted to defeat him with his own hands to prove that he was the real Son of Destiny.