Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

2991 Miracle

Ling Han had always been a daring person. Moreover, his curiosity was even stronger.

Thus, he pushed his arm forward and ventured deeper into the wall of fundamental particles when he realized that it was temporarily harmless to him.

He wanted to resonate with the final two types of fundamental particles.

However, he was immediately hit with disappointment. The fundamental particles had already transformed into pure energy, just like the Powers of Dimension. It was incredibly powerful, yet it was impossible to derive its source.

In other words, it was nothing but a dream if he wanted to use this type of shortcut to advance to the Seventh Tier.

Ling Han sighed upon realizing this. However, his curiosity grew even stronger.

Could he really pass through this wall of fundamental particles?

If he could, then what lay behind it?

Would it be more broken dimensions?

Carrying with him this curiosity, he advanced, and his arm completely sank into the wall of fundamental particles. After some slight hesitation, he took a step forward, causing half his body to instantly enter the wall of fundamental particles.

In the next instant, his entire body entered the wall of fundamental particles.

Outside, Golden Silk Moth’s mouth was agape with shock.

So what if one was as powerful as a Seventh Tier?

He was completely stupefied.

‘How! Is! This! Possible?!’

***

Ling Han entered the wall of fundamental particles, and it was as if he had entered a bog. It was as if he had lost all of his power as he struggled to move forward.

At the same time, he immediately realized that the dimensions inside him had all opened up, and were greedily absorbing the energy of these fundamental particles.

In just an instant, he felt his power rise by a noticeable amount.

‘This… What’s going on?’

Ling Han was also stupefied. This wall of fundamental particles was a barrier for Seventh Tier ultimate elites, yet it was actually a feeding ground for him?

However, he was quite a relaxed person, so he immediately stopped thinking about this.

Why was his cultivation speed so low?

It was inevitable. There were far too many dimensions inside him, so if he wanted to grow each of them into a high-level dimension, this would naturally take an astonishing amount of time.

Here, however, boundless energy was coursing into him and being absorbed by the dimensions inside him. The energy from the fundamental particles transformed into the purest nutrients that continued to nurture his Power of Dimension.

Ling Han seemingly entered a trance as he greedily absorbed the boundless energy.

A year later, he suddenly came to his senses. There was still Golden Silk Moth…

He wanted to stop and head out to take a look, but he immediately shook his head. So long had already passed, so Golden Silk Moth had most definitely broken free and escaped already. That being the case, what was the point of going out to check?

Moreover, once he exited this state, would he be able to enter it again? Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Ling Han didn’t dare to take this risk.

So be it. As long as he continued to grow stronger, would it be hard to capture Golden Silk Moth again?

Ling Han sat down and extracted the boundless energy around him to nurture his dimensions.

In just 1,000,000 years, one of the dimensions transformed into a high-level dimension.

In fact, even high-level dimensions could be further categorized into different levels. For example, there were some that could only host Fifth Tier elites, while there were some that could host Sixth Tier elites. Even though they were all high-level dimensions, there was still a noticeable difference in level between them.

Limited by his current cultivation level, Ling Han could only elevate his dimensions to low-tier high-level dimensions.

However, having a dimension reach the Fifth Tier was a completely different concept from having a dimension reach Fifth-Tier battle prowess.

Just how many Heavenly Venerates could a dimension hold?

Take, for example, a low-level dimension like the Celestial Realm. During its peak, it had held at least four Heavenly Venerates.

In other words, the Celestial Realm could rival at least four First Tier Heavenly Venerates. Meanwhile, the Foreign Realm could hold even more Heavenly Venerate. It could hold at least a dozen or so.

In this sense, dimensions were far more powerful than Heavenly Venerates of the same level.

Each time Ling Han transformed a dimension into a low-tier high-level dimension, he would be raising the battle prowess of at least 10 Fifth Tier elites.

Of course, just one dimension alone wouldn’t make a big difference. However, just how many dimensions existed inside Ling Han’s body?

There were around 10,000 right now, but there were even more in an embryonic state and still yet to be developed.

Another 1,000,000 years passed, and Ling Han cultivated a second dimension to the peak level.

Time flew by, and when 100,000,000 years passed, all of the dimensions inside Ling Han had already transformed into low-tier high-level dimensions.

However, Ling Han didn’t stop. Instead, he started to develop the dimensions that were still in an embryonic state. This was an opportunity that might never come again, so if he wasted it, he would definitely need epochs to raise all of these dimensions to the low-tier high-level—hundreds upon thousands of epochs.

A new dimension slowly grew into existence, nurtured inside one of Ling Han’s cells. As boundless energy flowed into it, this dimension grew from an initial speck into a low-tier high-level dimension after 1,000,000 years.

This kind of evolutionary speed was simply miraculous.

In the Genesis World, 1,000,000 years wouldn’t be anywhere near enough time to raise a low-level dimension into a high-level dimension, regardless of how quickly one could engulf energy.

Ling Han… was performing a miracle—even though he had no idea how he was performing this miracle.

‘Is this because of Hysteria?’

Ling Han had no clue. Was the devouring ability that he had obtained from Hysteria suddenly making itself useful here?

Then had Extermination also come here because of this?

If this had been the case, then why wouldn’t Hysteria have sent his subordinates here? Wouldn’t it have been able to raise a large number of elites??

Oh, hang on… Hysteria was only able to create Sixth Tier elites, and Sixth Tier elites wouldn’t be able to reach the 33rd level. Thus, what would it matter even if they could absorb this energy?

‘Forget about it. There’s no point thinking about these things. Raising my strength is the most important task.’

One after another, numerous dimensions blossomed and formed inside Ling Han. His cultivation barely advanced, yet his strength continued to grow in leaps and bounds.

After another 510 billion years, Ling Han finally stopped engulfing the boundless energy.

All of the hundreds of thousands of dimensions inside him had already transformed into low-tier high-level dimensions. If he unleashed his full strength, it would be equivalent to millions of Fifth Tier elites funneling their power into him. Just how powerful would that be?

“If I battle against Golden Silk Moth now, I’ll be able to suppress him with a single strike. If I use a wisp of power to restrict him, I guarantee that he won’t be able to escape within a month,” Ling Han murmured to himself in a proud voice.

His battle prowess was most likely at the peak stage of the Seventh Tier.

“But it’s a shame that the Genesis World only has this many dimensions. In terms of numbers, I’ve already reached the limit. Afterward, I’ll need to focus on raising these dimensions to the high-tier high-level.”

Ling Han thought back to the question that he had asked Zhou Heng. Heavenly Venerates who advanced by nurturing dimensions inside them would be almost invincible at their cultivation level when they were at the Sixth Tier. This was because the dimensions inside them could also reach the high-tier high-level. Thus, they would essentially be receiving help from 10 Sixth Tier Heavenly Venerates. As such, defeating ordinary Sixth Tier elites would naturally be an easy task.

Zhou Heng, Chu Hao, Lin Youlian, and the others had all taken this path. Moreover, there was still the Seventh Tier above them, and they could even have two dimensions inside them, both of which could be cultivated to the high-tier high-level. At that time, they would receive help from 10 additional Sixth Tier elites, naturally becoming even more powerful.

However, nurturing high-level dimensions would be their limit. They wouldn’t be able to nurture transcendent dimensions.

Thus, their advantage would diminish when they advanced to the Seventh Tier, even though they would still enjoy a slight upper hand. In any case, Seventh Tier elites were indestructible and undying, so this small gap in power wouldn’t have any significant impact.