Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

3010 Healing

Ling Han tore open the Void and directly left.

However, he naturally wouldn’t dare to do this in front of Hysteria—that would truly be seeking death.

Right now, Chong Yan and the others were being blocked by Lin Luo and the others. Thus, once Ling Han entered the Void, who could possibly find him?

Ling Han left resolutely. He had already achieved his goal of killing Feng Wuding, and he had even killed the Sealed Emotion Heavenly Venerable and dealt with an old grievance as a bonus. This caused him to feel relaxed and optimistic.

He would deal with these five old bastards next time.

Ling Han took his leave. Once he recovered from his wounds, he naturally wouldn’t need to fear Chong Yan and the others. Right now, only Hysteria would be able to penetrate his defenses.

Whoosh!

Ling Han took a few steps through the Void before immediately exiting again.

He was no longer in the Profound Negative Realm, and he was instead in some medium-level dimension. Ling Han fell out and directly crashed into a lake.

His wounds were genuinely severe. After all, he had battled against Hysteria head-on.

Without becoming a Seventh Tier, he ultimately couldn’t enjoy the benefits of true indestructibility and invincibility.

Ling Han sighed with emotion in his mind as he sank to the bottom of the lake. He allowed the lake water to envelop him as he started to heal his wounds.

It was extremely troublesome when Heavenly Venerates became wounded, and this was because they were detested by heaven and earth. In other words, Heavenly Venerates couldn’t draw on the power of heaven and earth to heal their wounds.

Fortunately, Ling Han still had a few medicinal Great Herbs that would help with this process. He ate one after another, and once he finished eating all of them, he finally managed to suppress his wounds from worsening. He could now start to slowly recover.

He sat cross-legged on the bottom of the lake.

Time flew by.

Ling Han didn’t exude any power, but he was far too powerful to begin with, being a Fifth Tier Heavenly Venerate whose battle prowess was at the peak stage of the Seventh Tier. Even if just a drop of his blood entered the lake, it would still be enough to completely transform the lake.

After 10,000 years, the creatures in the lake all started to undergo evolution furiously.

The initially ordinary fish, shrimp, crabs, and so on all underwent astonishing changes, discovering sentience and embarking on journeys of cultivation.

Several million years passed, and all kinds of crustacean warriors and demons now lived in the lake. The most powerful being was a white snake who grew horns and four legs and transformed into a flood dragon. If it evolved again, it would be extremely likely that it would transform into a True Dragon.

At the same time, the vegetation in the lake also evolved at a wild pace. Even the algae that grew on the rocks at the bottom of the lake could be considered as supreme treasures, and there was more so a golden-purple bamboo forest growing above the lake, with the stalks of bamboo reaching three kilometers in height. This attracted phoenixes and all kinds of other divine birds.

The initially nameless lake gradually started to gain renown, eventually becoming a sacred land for adventurers from all walks of life. Someone might catch a fish, and someone might obtain a blade of seaweed. Regardless, these could all be concocted into Saintly medicines that would aid one’s cultivation. If one were to sell them, they would become rich in a single day.

As the creatures and vegetation in the lake evolved further and further, more and more people also started to visit. Their average strength also grew higher and higher.

Finally, a powerful force appeared and occupied the lake for themselves. From then on, no one else was allowed to visit it.

This force was called the Azure Sky Sect, and their sect leader was a powerful Ascending Origin Tier elite. After occupying this lake, he obtained many Great Herbs that allowed his cultivation speed to increase significantly. In just a mere 3,000,000 years, he advanced from the small accomplishment of the Ascending Origin Tier to the great accomplishment of the Ascending Origin Tier. Numerous elites also appeared in the sect, and it could be said that they were flourishing and reaching new heights.

The Azure Sky Sect also named this lake the Heavenly Treasure Lake, signifying that it was the heavens bestowing them with these precious treasures.

Inside the lake.

Ling Han had already recovered from most of his wounds. However, the issue was that the dimensions inside him had been damaged far too severely. Tôp 𝒏𝒐v𝒆l updates on n/(o)/v/𝒆lb/in(.)com

He could naturally repair them one by one. However, that would take an unfathomable amount of time.

These dimensions were the source of Ling Han’s power, but cultivating them and repairing them were both extremely time-consuming tasks.

Ling Han did some calculations in his mind—he would need at least 50 billion years to repair these dimensions.

He couldn’t wait for this long.

After all, who knew what Chong Yan and the others would do during this time? These old bastards had nothing to worry about now, so Ling Han wouldn’t be surprised even if they defected to Hysteria and turned around to attack the Profound Negative Realm.

Thus, it was necessary for him to heal and leave as soon as possible.

The problem was, what would be the point of returning if he didn’t recover his strength? To enjoy a show?

‘How can I speed up my recovery process?’

There were far too many dimensions inside him. These dimensions were indeed powerful, but trying to repair them was also a massive headache.

Ling Han wracked his brain for ideas. After several million years, he finally came up with a potential solution. He could divide up his consciousness, with each split entering a dimension and transforming into a doppelganger. These doppelgangers would then recover independently, and this would therefore speed up his recovery process by hundreds of thousands of times.

If he succeeded, he would be able to fully recover in just 100,000 years.

‘I’ll do just this.’

Ling Han divided up his consciousness and allowed the cells inside him to become independent. They transformed into independent beings, taking on all kinds of shapes and forms.

There were humans, fish, birds, rocks, and so on. Ling Han sent these doppelgangers into the void. If they could avoid the storms of energy, there would be boundless fundamental particles for them to absorb. Thus, this was naturally the best place for them to recover.

Of course, he definitely couldn’t come across Hysteria. Otherwise, his doppelgangers would all be obliterated.

Such a coincidence most likely wouldn’t occur.

Ling Han opened his eyes. Since everything was left to his doppelgangers to deal with, there was actually nothing much for him to do. That being the case, it wouldn’t be a bad idea for him to go out and take a look. After 100,000 years, he would collect his doppelgangers and return to the Profound Negative Realm.

Weng!

Powerful currents instantly surged through the lake as he opened his eyes, and it was as if it were about to unleash a tsunami.

On the surface of the lake.

“Young Mistress, why have such large waves suddenly appeared in the lake? It’s almost like there’s about to be a tsunami.” This was a small boat with two women, one of whom was wearing a white dress, and was quietly seated. She appeared flawless and ethereal.

The other woman was wearing a long azure dress, and she was currently standing and rowing the boat. She was quite pretty, but she was far inferior to the woman in the white dress.

Right now, there was an expression of astonishment on the face of the standing woman. The surface of the lake was rippling with tumultuous waves, causing the small boat to rock back and forth in a violent manner.

This was something that had never been encountered before. Even though the small boat looked ordinary, one had to realize that it was actually a rare treasure that had been personally refined by the sect master of the Azure Sky Sect. To say nothing of a few waves, it could even withstand the attacks of an Ascending Origin Tier elite for a while.

The woman in white pondered for a moment before replying, “Perhaps Aunty Bai is about to transform into a True Dragon?”

“Really?” the woman in azure exclaimed in surprise and delight. “If Lord Bai becomes a True Dragon, then wouldn’t she also become a Celestial King?”

However, the woman in white furrowed her brows. From her understanding, Aunty Bai was still a small way off from evolving into a True Dragon. As such, how could she have suddenly taken this step? However, if it wasn’t Aunty Bai, then how could they explain these tumultuous waves?

Aunty Bai was the sole ruler of the Heavenly Treasure Lake, and she was so powerful that even the young mistress’ father was extremely apprehensive of her. Apart from Aunty Bai, who else dared to cause trouble in the lake?

Boom!

Giant waves crashed one after another, forming a whirlpool in the center of the lake.

Uncannily, however, not a single one of the many spirits and creatures in the lake appeared.

This was only natural. They had all evolved and gained sentience thanks to Ling Han, so they were naturally filled with respect and reverence toward Ling Han’s aura. Now that Ling Han had woken up, a single thought of his naturally caused all of the creatures to fall down and prostrate themselves. Who dared to rise to the surface of the lake?