Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3017  Help Me

However, regardless of what an Ascending Origin Tier elite did, how could they possibly rival a mighty Celestial King?

The palm that Celestial King An Teng unleashed continued to magnify, all the way until it grew to 3,000,000 meters in length. It then pressed down, instantly suppressing the white snake on a mountain and preventing her from moving.

The gulf in power between them was far too great. Before a Celestial King, Ascending Origin Tier elites were but measly ants.

In just a single strike, the powerful white snake was imprisoned.

This was the power of a paramount Celestial King. These were beings who could only be respected and revered.

"Go on, kill me! Kill me!" Lu Yang roared. He had almost been killed by the white snake just then, and this had filled him with rage and frustration. He glowered at the white snake, and said, "You were quite beautiful while in human form, so I don't mind toying around with you a little."

His words were extremely degrading. Not only was the white snake infuriated, but even the lake spirits from the Heavenly Treasure Lake started to bellow in fury.

Ning Haixin was more so filled with self-criticism. If it weren't for her, would the lake spirits have ended up in such a perilous situation?

In reality, Celestial King An Teng would have come here to massacre the lake spirits in the Heavenly Treasure Lake even if the white snake hadn't stepped forward to interfere. His goal was naturally the natural treasures in the Heavenly Treasure Lake.

Otherwise, why would he have come all this way?

He could have simply stayed in the Lu Clan. After all, they were going to hold another wedding ceremony there.

"Are there any more objections?" Celestial King An Teng asked in a soft voice. However, this was a voice that was filled with might and dignity, and it was as if a huge boulder were crushing down on everyone's minds. This was a terrible feeling.

The lake spirits wanted to speak, yet before the might of a Celestial King, they couldn't open their mouths and speak no matter what.

"You measly spirits and monsters dare to act wantonly before me?" Celestial King An Teng said faintly.

Pa!

A lake spirit was instantly smashed into smithereens.

"Naive!"

He pointed elsewhere, and another lake spirit instantly exploded into a cloud of blood.

"Foolish!"

Each time he spoke and pointed, a lake spirit would be ruthlessly killed. None of them were able to resist, and they all appeared as fragile as could be.

The lake spirits were finally able to speak, yet all they could do was roar and bellow in helplessness. They couldn't change their miserable fates at all.

"You're still unwilling to yield?" Celestial King An Teng asked faintly.

Before anyone could reply, he continued to point at them again, killing them one after another.

"It doesn't matter if you're unwilling to yield. Before absolute strength, you spirits are nothing but mere trash."

In just a few seconds, another 30 lake spirits died at his hands.

"Enough! That's enough!" Ning Haixin shouted. "Please let them go. I'll… marry him!"

However, Celestial King An Teng acted as if he couldn't hear her. He was a mighty Celestial King, so how could he degrade himself to make a deal with a measly Severing Mundane Tier cultivator?

In his presence, others were only allowed to bow their heads and listen to his commands. Who had the right to haggle with him?

Pu!

With a flick of his fingers, another lake spirit transformed into a cloud of blood.

"Someone, please save me!" Ning Haixin yelled in her mind. "No matter who it is, I'm willing to pay any price as long as you save everyone!"

She dazedly looked around, and she suddenly saw an inconceivable sight.

The young man who she had rescued from the Heavenly Treasure Lake was calmly sitting in the ruins and sipping wine.

Everything had been obliterated, yet a table still stood before him, and there was still a chair under him. He appeared relaxed and carefree as he sipped the wine, and it was as if he were transcendent above this world.

Such an uncanny sight should have astonished everyone. However, it was as if none of them could see him, with not a single one of them looking over at him.

She suddenly recalled what Ling Han had said before, and she involuntarily felt a strong urge in her mind.

"Can… you help me?" she asked Ling Han. However, her voice was already hoarse, causing her words to be extremely quiet. It was unable to travel out.

Unexpectedly, the young man seemed to hear her, and he nodded and replied in a gentle voice, "Of course."

Ling Han stood up and slightly shook his head. He had become tangled in someone else's business again. He hadn't planned to show himself initially.

He slowly strolled toward Ning Haixin, and he asked, "How do you want me to help you?"

'Huh?!'

Everyone was stunned when they saw the young man suddenly appear and talk to Ning Haixin.

Another person was seeking death?

Hadn't he seen the miserable fates of the lake spirits who had been acquainted with Ning Haixin? They were all being massacred now!

Did this person want to die?

Perhaps the others didn't recognize Ling Han, but the lake spirits from the Heavenly Treasure Lake were all filled with emotion and anticipation when they saw him appear.

None of them knew how powerful Ling Han was, but it was because of him that they had gained sentience. Thus, they could vaguely sense his vast and sea-like power. In their minds, Ling Han was their totem, their god.

Their god had come to rescue them!

This caused them to be overcome with excitement, so much so that they started to sob.

"Just who do you think you are? You dare to interfere?" Ning Xiuwei roared as he jumped forward. He was furious at this moment. This was the Azure Sky Sect! Yet, these people were treating it as if it were a vegetable market! Was this somewhere where they could act and speak as they pleased?

Ling Han glanced at him and casually made a tapping motion.

Pa!

Ning Xiuwei immediately exploded into a cloud of blood.

Everyone was stunned upon seeing this.

'F*ck!'

Celestial King An Teng had been killing a lake spirit with each pointing motion just then, not showing an iota of mercy. And now, Ling Han killed Ning Xiuwei with a single pointing motion as well? Was he challenging Celestial King An Teng?

Celestial King An Teng's pupils also expanded slightly as he looked at Ling Han.

"B-bastard!" Ning Daolan howled in rage after faltering for a brief moment. He cared about his two sons the most, and he had placed far too many hopes on them. Now, however, his second son had been ruthlessly killed by Ling Han. How could he not fly into a rage?

"Give me Second Brother back!" Ning Xiuhong roared as he lunged at Ling Han.

"Xiuhong!" Ning Daolan hurriedly exclaimed as he rushed after his son. Ling Han's strength was unfathomable, so he naturally didn't want to see his eldest son be killed as well.

Ling Han extended a finger.

Pu!

Ning Xiuhong instantly transformed into a sheet of blood. Even though Ning Daolan had lashed out, how could he possibly block the strike of a paramount Heavenly Venerate?

"Y-y-you!" Ning Daolan spat a mouthful of blood. This wasn't because he had been wounded by Ling Han, but it was instead because he was far too furious and aggrieved.

His two sons… had been killed just like that?

He felt fury, and he felt hatred.

"Wretched thing, are you satisfied now?!" he bellowed hysterically as he looked at Ning Haixin.

Ning Haixin was speechless. This was her father?

He hadn't felt a single shred of sympathy as he had pushed her into a fate worse than death yet he was now feeling such grief and anger after the death of her two older brothers? Would this stark contrast not hurt her even more? ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

"Friend, how should I refer to you?" Celestial King An Teng asked.

He didn't attack, and this was because Ling Han had completely ignored Ning Daolan's attack.

Even though Ning Daolan was only an Ascending Origin Tier elite, and even though he could also ignore his attacks, the ability to do this could only mean a single thing.

This person was also a Celestial King.

One had to realize that An Teng was only a First Heaven Celestial King. If Ling Han were also a Celestial King, then he would at least be at the same level as him. Thus, Celestial King An Teng had no option but to treat this with utmost caution.

Ling Han ignored him, and he made another pointing motion at Ning Daolan. Since Ning Haixin was unable to tell him how to help, he would use his own methods to deal with this situation.

"No…!"

Pa!

Ning Daolan only had time to utter a single word before he was reduced to a cloud of blood by Ling Han.