Chapter 3018  Disciple

Ling Han turned around and looked at Lu Yang.

"Friend!" An Teng exclaimed, with his expression changing drastically.

If Ling Han wanted to kill members of the Ning Clan, then he was free to do so. He could kill as many of them as he wanted. In any case, An Teng was only interested in that young girl from the Ning Clan.

However, Lu Yang was his son!

Ling Han didn't spare him so much as a glance as he made another pointing motion.

"Stop right there!" Celestial King An Teng roared as he hurriedly dashed forward to block this attack. However, his power instantly rebounded back toward him after it struck Ling Han.

He was involuntarily stunned. At which Heaven of the Celestial King Tier was this young man? His battle prowess was far too terrifying!

Pa!

Without any surprise, Lu Yang was also killed.

Commotion instantly swept through the crowd of guests.

Even though Ling Han had killed several people just then, only Ning Daolan had been at the Ascending Origin Tier. However, this time was different. Celestial King An Teng had already tried to stop him, yet he had still failed to prevent Ling Han from killing his son. That being the case, just how powerful was this young man?

He was done for, Celestial King An Teng felt… He had actually come across an even stronger Celestial King!

Celestial King An Teng inhaled sharply. Even though the death of his son made him feel unbridled fury and an urge to kill someone, he still didn't hesitate for a second as he directly turned around to flee.

This person was at least a Third Heaven Celestial King, and the gulf between them was far too great. Staying here would be the same as seeking death.

Ling Han lashed out, making a simple pointing motion.

Pa!

Celestial King An Teng instantly plummeted from the sky, with his aura also falling drastically. His Celestial King Tier cultivation was forcefully severed, and he was ruthlessly sent back to the Ascending Origin Tier.

'He's not dead?'

Everyone was astonished. Ling Han surprisingly hadn't killed An Teng.

In fact, severing An Teng's Celestial King Tier cultivation was far more difficult than simply killing him.

However, why had Ling Han chosen this more difficult option?

Ling Han didn't speak, and he simply glanced at the white snake.

Without anyone suppressing her, the white snake had already soared into the air again. She immediately understood Ling Han's intention, and she resolutely charged at Celestial King An Teng.

Ling Han was giving her the opportunity to exact revenge.

"Old bastard, do you dare to battle with me?" the white snake roared in fury. She possessed the bloodline of a True Dragon, and she could be regarded as invincible at the same cultivation level. However, An Teng had suppressed her using his superior cultivation, and this had naturally caused a ball of anger and frustration to well up in her chest.

This was especially the case since An Teng's son had announced that he wanted to toy with her. Just how humiliating was this?

Now that Lu Yang was dead, but An Teng was still alive, this revenge would have to be exacted on Lu Yang's father.

The colossal white snake swooped down, radiating with an aura at the pinnacle stage of the Ascending Origin Tier.

Celestial King An Teng didn't dare to ignore this attack, and he gathered all of the power in his body to unleash an attack at the white snake.

Peng!

The two of them exchanged blows, but it was An Teng who was sent flying this time.

At the same cultivation level, he was no match for the white snake.

The white snake roared, and there was surprisingly the echo of a True Dragon's roar in her voice. Her four legs ruthlessly slashed at An Teng.

Ascending Origin Tier was both astonished and furious. He was a Celestial King! Regardless of how strong the white snake was, there was no way that she could withstand a single strike of his. However, what could he do now that his cultivation had been severed by Ling Han? He had plummeted back to the Ascending Origin Tier, and to say nothing of suppressing the white snake, he wasn't even able to rival her.

However, he refused to stand there and await death. He would fight to the bitter end even if there was the tiniest glimmer of hope.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

The two of them battled fiercely.

An Teng was indeed worthy of being a Celestial King. Even though his cultivation had been severed, he still unleashed all kinds of skillful and mysterious techniques, surprisingly allowing him to block the white snake's attacks time and time again.

However, the white snake became increasingly ferocious. There was too much anger pent up inside her, and this transformed into a boundless fighting spirit that she unleashed at her opponent. She continued to unleash dragon roars, and it was clear that the light gathering on her feet was becoming brighter and brighter.

After reaching a certain limit, these orbs of light suddenly dimmed. However, another small claw grew from each of her four feet.

The white snake howled, seemingly in both pain and excitement.

Her scales shattered, and the skin on her horns cracked. On each of her four feet, a new talon protruded out.

Four claws!

Three claws represented a flood dragon, while four claws represented a True Dragon.

Not only that, but the horns on her head also grew by a significant amount, forming branching tines as well.

These were the horns of a dragon.

The scales on her body also underwent a transformation, turning from the initial white into a light green color.

Facing pressure from An Teng and also feeling motivation from her rage, the white snake successfully took this critical step, and advanced to become a True Dragon.

In fact, she still had room for improvement. As her bloodline became purer and her cultivation advanced further, it was possible for her to become a five-clawed golden dragon.

Boom!

Heavenly tribulation befell.

After transforming into a True Dragon, her cultivation directly soared to the level of Celestial Kings.

The white snake continued to attack An Teng as she faced heavenly tribulation.

She had an advantage in cultivation now, and a Celestial King Tier elite facing an Ascending Origin Tier elite was just like a father beating his son. This was a relaxed and carefree experience. Without much effort, she was able to quickly leave An Teng in a bloody and miserable state.

Everyone was stunned. Who could have imagined such a turn of events?

A Celestial King had fallen to the Ascending Origin Tier, while an Ascending Origin Tier elite had advanced to become a Celestial King. The tables were completely turned.

Their eyes were filled with respect and apprehension as they gazed at the white snake. When they looked at Ling Han, it was more so as if they were gazing up at a god.

So what if his opponent was a Celestial King? He could directly sever their cultivation with a single finger.

Ling Han made a grabbing motion, and countless puddles of blood converged and formed into numerous humanoid shapes.

These were the lake spirits that Celestial King An Teng had killed just then. At this moment, they shockingly experienced rebirth.

Defying the heavens and reversing death—this was the power of a Heavenly Venerate.

Crack!

Deafening thunder and blinding lightning were instantly unleashed by the furious heaven and earth. Reversing death was a big taboo, and this immediately triggered white-hot rage from heaven and earth. Curtains of lightning rained down upon Ling Han and the reborn lake spirits.

Ling Han made a gentle pressing motion, and the miles of raging lightning instantly resided and dissipated.

Ning Haixin faltered for a moment before hurriedly following after him. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

This was merely a medium-level dimension, so how could it possibly rival him?

All of the lake spirits fell to their knees, and exclaimed, "Lord!" They were all filled with gratitude.

Initially, the lake spirits had been slightly dissatisfied with Ling Han in their minds. However, Ling Clan had destroyed the Ning Clan and then severed Celestial King An Teng's cultivation, helping the white snake exact her revenge. Now, he had even revived their dead companions. He was a god!

Under the watchful and complicated gazes of everyone, Ling Han walked beside Ning Haixin and extended a hand, saying, "Come with me."

Before Ning Haixin could even reply, he had already turned around to walk away.

Ning Haixin faltered for a moment before hurriedly following after him.

The two of them were clearly walking at a slow pace, yet a single step of theirs could cover 5,000,000 kilometers. In just a few steps, they had already vanished from view.

"What kind of celestial technique is this?"

"She's clearly at the Severing Mundane Tier, so how was she able to disappear in just a few steps?"

"It was definitely that young man's doing."

"How astonishing! So be it if he can walk as quickly as lightning. However, to bestow this ability upon someone else as well? Just at what Heaven is he as a Celestial King?"

Everyone exclaimed in emotion as they tried to estimate Ling Han's strength.

Ling Han strode forward, and after just a few steps, he already arrived at the peak of a towering mountain. Tens of thousands of rays of iridescent light fell over him, illuminating him with an indescribable radiance.

"Senior," Ning Haixin said as she kneeled down.

Ling Han nodded, and said, "From today onward, you're one of my disciples."

Ning Haixin faltered upon hearing this. However, she quickly kowtowed, and said, "Disciple Ning Haixin pays respects to Master."

Ling Han accepted nine kowtows from her. Only then did he make a lifting motion and say, "Your master's name is Ling Han, and I'm now going to teach you the Indestructible Heaven's Scroll."

He tapped Ning Haixin's forehead with his index finger, passing the Indestructible Heaven's Scroll to his new disciple.

Why did he take Ning Haixin as a disciple?

Her aptitude wasn't extraordinary, or else Ning Daolan would have definitely focused his effort on raising her. However, she was born with an innate affinity that made others want to treat her well.

This piqued Ling Han's interest, and he wanted to know the reason behind this.

After all, this was an affinity that could affect even him. It was quite astonishing.

Ning Haixin started to cultivate here, and Ling Han used this time to observe the surrounding mountains and waters. He was still mulling over the same question—what power was restricting the dimensions?

Time flew by, and Ning Haixin's cultivation rose slowly but surely.

Her cultivation talent was truly unremarkable. If this were Fu Tianxing, 100,000 years would be more than enough for him to advance to the Celestial King Tier. However, Ning Haixin only advanced to the second severance.

Indeed, she had only advanced one minor tier in 100,000 years.

However, there was genuinely something special about her.