Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter3020  Shock

Ling Han's veteran disciples were presently in the First Heaven of Celestial King Tier. Ling Han did not elevate them straight to Ninth Heaven, but rather had them cultivate slowly, comprehending the various aspects of life.

1

Obtaining abilities that far surpassed one's mental state all of a sudden wasn't a good thing. It could lead to huge problems.

Ling Han wanted to let these disciples cultivate their mindsets, and in the future, when he reached Seventh Tier, and the Powers of Dimension in his body reached Great Accomplishment level, who knew, maybe he could help them advance further, break through the restrictions of the Celestial King Tier, and advance to the Heavenly Venerable Tier.

Meanwhile, the strength of his new disciples varied, and the gap among them was extremely wide.

The person with the highest accomplishment was Fu Tianxing, who was already in the Fourth Tier. He was only one cultivation level inferior to Ling Han.

Next was Jiuyao. He was a Ninth Heaven Celestial King, but breaking through to the Heavenly Venerable Tier was still far off in the horizon. Perhaps there might be no hope for him in this lifetime.

The third was Ding Ping, who had just advanced to the Ninth Heaven. Similarly, it was also as difficult as ascending the heavens for him to become a Heavenly Venerate.

Lastly, it was Ning Haixin. She was only a pitiful second severance, which was still endlessly far from the Celestial King Tier, what more Heavenly Venerable Tier.

They had to take it slowly.

Take for example Little Qing, the stone golem, Rabbit, Old Ginseng, and so on. Previously, they had ingested the Celestial King Pill before advancing into Celestial King Tier, which also removed the possibility of them continuing to improve further. Once Ling Han's physique reached the Seventh Tier, and became a dimension himself, who knew, he might be able to change the Regulations, and allow them to continue advancing.

After giving some guidance on the cultivation of his disciples, Ling Han began to take the hands-off approach again, deducing Heavenly Venerable Seals.

Currently, his dimensions had already reached the limit of his cultivation level. Thus, he only had to stimulate his cultivation level, and the speed of cultivation would suddenly soar many times over.

Hence, Ling Han had enough idle time to deduce Heavenly Venerable Seals.

Time flew by. 1,000,000 years had passed, and Ling Han had deduced three sixth-grade seals. He came out of seclusion, and gave some guidance on everyone's cultivation. Then, he went to find Wally. He invited him over to carefully scan Ning Haixin.

Wally's eyes glowed green and swept over Ning Haixin's body, making both Ning Haixin and White Snake click their tongues in amazement.

"Interesting," Wally said softly.

Ling Han was surprised, and said, "Strange, you actually are able to say 'interesting'? Have you changed your personality?"

Wally had always been indifferent and extremely calm. Even if he was being smashed to pieces by someone, Wally would still rationally and calmly ask "why," instead of angrily stepping forward to fight.

So, now that Wally actually murmured that something was interesting, Ling Han felt it was strange.

Wally glanced at him, and said coldly, "Don't disturb my work."

Right, he was a big shot.

Ling Han could only cross his arms over his chest, and stand at the side to wait.

Wally finally stopped scanning. He raised his head and looked ahead. His eyes shone again, but this time it was white, forming a human figure. Judging by the curves, this should be a female.

"Look, here," Wally said, pointing at the head of that female figure. There was a spot there that was especially bright.

Ling Han nodded. This was Ning Haixin's brain. There was a spot of light in her mind, and it should be the source of her secret.

"Very interesting." Wally nodded, and then looked towards Ling Han. "I have also seen this kind of spot of light in your mind."

'What?!'

Ling Han's eyes involuntarily focused, and he revealed an expression of surprise. There was also an indescribable throbbing in his heart.

"Look." Wally's eyes glowed white again, building another human was extraordinarily bright.

"This is the holographic image produced from my scan of you the figure.

This was a man, and in his head, there was also a spot of light that was extraordinarily bright.

"This is the holographic image produced from my scan of you the first time I saw you," Wally said.

"Zoom in."

The light in Wally's eyes flickered, and the two bodies instantly disappeared, and in their place, there was a glowing figure.

This was the point of light in Ling Han's and Ning Haixin's mind. After being enlarged by who knew how many times, it had become visible to the naked eye.

Ling Han compared them carefully, and the shock on his face became even more pronounced.

It really was so. Though the two spots of light were slightly different, they seemed to have some kind of indescribable connection. They were like fruits that had sprouted from the same tree, and had a link that could not be severed.

What surprised Ling Han even more was the fact that he had never discovered that there was such a spot of light in his body.

He was a Fifth Tier Heavenly Venerate!

"Haixin, have you ever discovered that this speck of light existed in your mind?" Ling Han asked Ning Haixin.

Ning Haixin shook her head. "Never."

"Then take another look now," Ling Han said.

Ning Haixin used her divine sense to scan her mind, but she very quickly shook her head. "I didn't find anything."

'Hmm?'

Ling Han stretched out a finger and pointed. "Again."

He also extended his divine sense over to guide Ning Haixin's divine sense. However, even though he had clearly touched the spot of light, Ning Haixin "overlooked" it completely.

She couldn't see it at all.

"Could it be that it can't be discovered by oneself?"

Ling Han had Wally guide him, and similarly found the location of the spot of light in his mind.

…When one reached his height, if he did not take the initiative to open up his mind, who would be able to penetrate it?

However, Wally already said that the spot of light was right here, but Ling Han still didn't see anything.

Just as he had guessed, the person who possessed the spot of light could not see it.

Strange, this was really too strange.

A dignified Fifth Tier Heavenly Venerate actually couldn't detect something that was inside his body? 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

For some reason, Ling Han suddenly recalled the World's Will from the last era.

That was because very, very long ago, in fact, in his last lifetime, both the World's Will and Hysteria had already done something to him.

Only the two of them possessed unfathomable abilities that even the current Ling Han wouldn't be able to detect, right?

Was it the World's Will or Hysteria?

Though the World's Will spoke nicely, Ling Han did not believe it. This guy was too secretive, and added with Chong Yan and the others' strange actions, Ling Han thought that the World's Will definitely had a great secret, or might even be plotting a great conspiracy.

He felt a headache coming on. He had not dealt with Hysteria yet, and now there was the World's Will. Though it should have died, could this really be trusted?

He had to stay on guard.

Ling Han's heart was ringing with alarm bells. If it were not for the fact that he had unexpectedly encountered Ning Haixin, and had taken her in as his disciple on a whim, and called Wally over, he would probably never have discovered that there was such a thing inside his body.

"You obviously knew long ago, so why didn't you tell me?" Ling Han asked Wally.

Wally rolled his eyes, and said, "Firstly, you didn't ask me. Secondly, I'm not obligated to answer you. Thirdly, I don't know what this thing is, either. Telling you without being aware of the situation is against my accuracy and precision traits."

'F*ck!'

Ling Han was rendered speechless. This guy actually had his arguments?

However, what he was even more surprised about was Wally's facial expression.

Since when did this guy roll his eyes? This was too human-like!

…Though Wally had always maintained a human form, Ling Han had never thought that this guy looked like a human. He had always been wooden, expressionless, and emotionless.

Had this guy taken the wrong medicine?