Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3021  Granddaughter

"Did you take the wrong medicine?" Ling Han asked directly.

"You're the one who took the wrong medicine," Wally said disdainfully.

Ling Han was even more surprised. This guy actually knew how to bicker, and even knew how to express disdain?

This was really bizarre.

"You evolved again?" Ling Han asked.

"I have developed an emotional system," Wally said seriously. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Right then, Ling Han suddenly became interested, and said, "Why don't you communicate with the large black dog?"

If Wally also learned the despicable nature of the large black dog, then added with his strictness, what would happen?

Interesting… Ling Han was filled with anticipation.

After sending Wally off, Ling Han decided to focus on nurturing Ning Haixin so that this disciple would mature as soon as possible.

He brought Ning Haixin with him, and traveled all over the mountains and rivers of the Profound Negative Realm. White Snake was also by his side, taking care of Ling Han's diet with great care, and she was playing the role of a teacher for Ning Haixin most of the time.

To be honest, Ling Han wasn't a good teacher. Being strong and being able to teach others were two different things.

Peace seemed to have returned to the borders. It was clear that Chong Yan Yan and the others had abandoned their posts and quit, but the situation on the front lines was still tense. Hysteria itself was becoming fiercer and fiercer, causing those on the main battlefield to retreat repeatedly.

At present, the main battlefield was not something that Ling Han could interfere in. Previously, he had only been there for a short while, and he had almost been killed. Meanwhile, there were four great prodigies like Xin Qihu and the others overseeing the subsidiary battlefield. Though it did not seem to be all that optimistic, the situation was much better than the main battlefield.

Hence, even if Ling Han went, he would not be of much help, unless he managed to become a Seventh Tier.

He made good use of the time. While he was training his disciples, he himself was also cultivating, striving to reach the peak stage of the Fifth Tier and advance to Sixth Tier as soon as possible.

In this way, he was sure that his defenses would be slightly stronger, and if he faced Hysteria again, he would not be so vulnerable as he was now.

That was Hysteria; just how strong was it?

Ling Han believed that if Hysteria was allowed to swallow a few dimensions, perhaps its power would be comparable to the overwhelming attack from the entire Genesis World, which was capable of shattering even the divine sense of a Seventh Tier.

Perhaps, it was precisely because of their own safety considerations that Chong Yan and the others actively resisted Hysteria, because this was related to their precious lives.

Very soon, 300,000 years had passed.

Ning Haixin had indeed improved, but… she had only reached the fifth severance.

On the other hand, with Ling Han's guidance, White Snake had already reached Fifth Heaven.

In 300,000 years, she had advanced a total of three cultivation levels. This was very astonishing, but just look at Ning Haixin. White Snake, as a Celestial King, had advanced three cultivation levels, while she had only advanced three minor levels in Severing Mundane Tier.

In comparison, her rate of cultivation was so slow that it was practically a tragic sight.

This rendered White Snake speechless. The cultivation resources that Ning Haixin received were at least 10 times those of hers, but treasures that could allow a Celestial King to advance a few steps further actually had such little effect?

Thankfully, she very much doted on Ning Haixin. Otherwise, she would definitely be cursing internally. Why had Ling Han taken in such a "stupid disciple"?

Another 100,000 years passed, and Ning Haixin had advanced to the Dividing Soul Tier.

Ordinarily, Severing Mundane Tiers would need 100,000 years to advance another step, and then Dividing Soul Tiers would need at least 1,000,000 years to advance to the next level, but what surprised Ling Han was that Ning Haixin's rate of cultivation did not slow down at all.

…It seemed as if her speed could already be no slower, so that was that.

Every step she took was very firm. Ling Han was already beginning to search for a new dimension that had been created from the collision of the two dimensions, and when Ning Haixin advanced to the Ninth Heaven, he would plant it into her body.

Of course, if Ning Haixin could be like him, plucking the Power of Dimension to form dimensions, Ling Han would also be willing to let her take this path.

1,000,000 years, 2,000,000 years, 3,000,000 years… Ning Haixin had steadily advanced into Celestial King Tier.

This caused White Snake to feel surprised. That was because it had taken her more than 3,000,000 years to become a Celestial King, and Ning Haixin had already caught up to her in terms of cultivation level.

Ling Han kept his attention on the spot of light in Ning Haixin's mind all this while, and as her cultivation level continuously advanced, this spot of light was also slowly growing in size. He could see it even more clearly than before.

There were multiple patterns of light on it, and they were constantly changing, as if they were evolving into something.

However, though the ball of light wasn't particularly blinding, it was extremely blurry.

Ling Han decided that when Ning Haixin was slightly stronger, he would then explore the secret of this ball of light. Only then would he be able to ensure that he would not hurt her.

Every 100,000 years, Ning Haixin's cultivation level would improve by a notch.

The Celestial King Tier only had Nine Heavens. Thus, after only 800,000 years, Ning Haixin had already reached Ninth Heaven, and White Snake was still only at Seventh Heaven, which stunned her, and caused her to be more impressed with Ling Han's insight.

See, so that was why Ning Haixin could be his disciple, while she could only be a servant.

When Ning Haixin advanced to peak-stage Ninth Heaven, Ling Han would bring her on an inter-dimensional journey so she could prepare to walk her own path. If she could not successfully take her own path, then he would have long since prepared himself, and he could plant a new dimension into her body.

Coincidentally, Ling Xi and Fu Tianxing finally had a descendant, giving birth to a little princess.

Ling Han was overjoyed upon seeing this, and decided to postpone their journey.

He returned. He wanted to see this granddaughter of his immediately.

As expected, though the little girl had just been born, she already had the makings of an exceptional beauty. In the future, she would definitely be a bewitching beauty that could bring ruin to the nation and to the people.

Though Ling Han's strength was close to invincible, and he was also her grandfather, whether it was Ling Xi, Fu Tianxing, the Empress, or the others, or even Ling Dongxing and his wife, they all firmly objected to Ling Han naming the little girl.

It couldn't be helped. Looking at the creatures by his side, Little Qing[1] and Small Rock… what kind of names were these?

Thus, Ling Han's naming rights were mercilessly stripped from him. Even his protests were ineffective. How could it be that he would be able to suppress all of his family?

In the end, the little girl was named Fu Sichen, and her nickname was Chenchen.

Though Ling Han was displeased for a while, he was still very soon overjoyed. He hugged the little girl, unwilling to put her down.

Little Chenchen had inherited the bloodline of her parents, and was born a Celestial King. Her starting point was astonishingly high, and her path of cultivation was incredibly smooth. Merely 100 years later, she had reached Ninth Heaven.

This was too fast, and Ling Han wasn't happy about this. Instead, he felt that the little girl hadn't tempered her foundations enough, with a lot of cultivation levels that she hadn't studied and experienced deeply yet, and had advanced in a flash.

After advancing to the Heavenly Venerable Tier, the aftereffects would definitely erupt.

Thus, Ling Han decided to bring Little Chenchen along. Ning Haixin's reason was to break through to the Pseudo-Heavenly Venerable Tier, while the reason for Chenchen was for her to experience many lifetimes and cultivate her heart.

With Ling Han by her side, Fu Tianxing and Ling Xi naturally had nothing to worry about.

"Father, you can't lead Chenchen astray," Ling Xi warned.

Ling Han rolled his eyes. In the past, this daughter of his had been so obedient, and now… sigh!

He set off with the two girls, and began to travel from dimension to dimension.

What surprised Ling Han was the fact that Ning Haixin soon proved that she could not take the same path as Ling Han and nurture endless Powers of Dimension in her body.

Strange.

Ling Han was exasperated, so he could only plant a dimension that he had prepared long ago into his disciple's body.

[1] = Little Green. Chinese have a thing for naming pets after colors; you should have seen it in other novels (little white, little black, little red, etc.). Apparently even they find it unimaginative.