Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3022  Secret of Life

Ling Han did not return. Instead, he continued to travel around with the two girls. Explore new 𝒏ovels on n𝒐velbi𝒏(.)com

He had two purposes for this trip. The first was to help Ning Haixin advance to the Pseudo-Heavenly Venerable Tie, and the second was to help Little Chenchen cultivate her heart through experiencing many lifetimes. This little girl's cultivation speed was too fast, and needed to be suppressed a bit. She definitely could not immediately advance to the Heavenly Venerable Tier.

Time passed quickly, and Little Chenchen was also cultivating her heart in the mortal world. She was originally a little princess that was cherished dearly, but Ling Han deliberately caused trouble for her, suppressing her cultivation level, and allowing her to see how dangerous the human heart could be and the chaos of the world.

While still maintaining her childish nature, the little girl's spirit was also rapidly growing, and she knew how to protect herself.

Ning Haixin's cultivation speed, on the other hand, could not be suppressed no matter what. 100,000 years later, she steadily advanced to the Pseudo-Heavenly Venerable Tier.

Ling Han still wanted to open up a second space in her Dantian to accommodate a second dimension, but he was soon stunned because he was unable to do so.

It was not that he was not capable enough, but rather that a second space could not be opened in Ning Haixin's Dantian at all.

This female disciple was filled with secrets.

At this time, the advancement of Ning Haixin finally slowed down.

After all, this was Heavenly Venerable Tier. If she could manage to cross over to the next cultivation level with another 100,000 years, that would be too terrifying.

They had both come with Little Chen so she could temper her heart. Though this little girl's cultivation level was frighteningly high, just like Ling Xi, the rate of her physical growth was extraordinarily slow. So many years had passed, and she only looked to be about five or six years old.

Ling Han, on the other hand, hoped that the little girl would grow up a little slower so that she could enjoy a carefree life even more. Unfortunately, Celestial Kings already had an unlimited lifespan. The little girl was destined to grow up and possess an incredibly long life.

At this moment, Ling Han was actually feeling fortunate. Thankfully, Ling Xi had found Fu Tianxing. Otherwise, it would be too boring to walk alone on the path of immortality.

After walking for another several hundred thousand years, Ling Han brought the two girls back to the Profound Negative Realm.

He wanted Little Chenchen to reunite with her parents. After all, no matter how slow her growth was, she would still grow up bit by bit. He could not allow Ling Xi and the others to be absent from Little Chenchen's growth for too long.

He had already helped to lay an incredibly firm foundation for Little Chenchen, so there was no need for him to worry about the remaining matters. Ling Xi and Fu Tianxing would take care of the rest.

Ling Han still decided to properly nurture Ning Haixin. This should be his last disciple.

Another 300,000 years later, Ning Haixin advanced into the Heavenly Venerable Tier.

This was something that she definitely wouldn't have thought of when she had been at the Azure Sky Sect.

Though she was beautiful, and had an indescribable affinity, her natural talent in cultivation was really not very high. Otherwise, she would not have been treated as an object to be used in a political marriage by Ning Daolan. However, it just so happened that she did not seem to have any concept of barriers to her cultivation level. She advanced triumphantly the whole way, and others could only gasp in amazement.

Since Ning Haixin had become a Heavenly Venerate, Ling Han's courage increased considerably. He once again used his divine sense to enter Ning Haixin's mind to study that spot of light.

After her advancing into the Heavenly Venerable Tier, this point of light had become considerably larger.

If the mind was really seen as a great ocean, then this spot of light should be about the size of a fist by now. Actually, it was still pitifully small, but compared to the beginning, it had already grown a few hundred million times.

Ling Han discovered that this ball of light had become considerably tougher.

If it could've been said that it would've shattered at the slightest touch previously, now it could at least endure a little bit of power.

Ling Han carefully studied the orb of light. Now, he could finally explore it.

However, even though the orb of light was constantly changing, it was still a complete object. There was absolutely no opening through which one could enter and observe the detailed situation inside.

Ling Han frowned. Was there still nothing he could do?

A thought flashed in his mind, and he said, "Haixin, use your divine sense to touch the ball of light in my mind."

"Yes, Master!" Ning Haixin said respectfully.

She also used her divine sense to probe into Ling Han's mind. Very soon, she located the ball of light, and this was something that Ling Han could not do.

Those with light orbs couldn't sense its existence in themselves.

When Ning Haixin reached out with her divine sense, weng, weng, the two of them trembled at the same time, and a fierce reaction rose up in them.

Ling Han shockingly discovered that with a ripple in his mind, he saw a ball of light!

That was his own ball of light.

Yi, wasn't it something that he himself could not see?

Could it be that if two people who possessed light orbs touched each other's light orbs, it would create some kind of special resonance?

Ling Han had no time to care about this now. He could finally sense his own light orb. This meant that he could possibly unravel the secret of the light orb. Because this was a part of him, and he knew the severity of the matter, he could not possibly wound himself.

He analyzed it carefully, and slowly entered into that sphere of light.

This ball of light looked very small, but there were actually innumerable layers. Even after spending at least a few years, Ling Han had only progressed halfway.

And Ning Haixin was even slower. The strength of her divine sense was naturally far from being comparable to Ling Han's.

Ling Han was extremely patient. Since he had already waited for tens of millions of years, he did not mind spending a few more years' time.

His progress was not fast, but the advantage was that it was steady. As long as this kind of resonance was still present, and he could continue to sense the light sphere, he would eventually be able to find out the secret hidden within.

Over another dozen years later, Ling Han peeled apart the layers, and entered into the depths of the light sphere.

Weng, his mind glowed, exuding an endless brilliance.

Multiple pieces of information circulated in Ling Han's mind, but they were extremely obscure and incomprehensible.

Ling Han was not hasty. He had a lot of time.

He did not withdraw his divine sense, but rather helped Ning Haixin to continue unraveling the light sphere.

In the blink of an eye, another 300 years had passed.

Ning Haixin finally broke through the light orb as well. Hence, Ling Han withdrew, and began to fully comprehend the secrets of the information he had gained.

Ling Han channeled the Regulations of Time. This was ineffective on his physical body, but could effectively affect his divine sense, speeding up the process of his comprehension.

4000 years passed, and Ling Han's eyes suddenly snapped open, revealing an expression of extreme shock.

He saw… the profound secrets of life!

What?

He found this inconceivable. The mystery of life was actually hidden in his mind.

'Wait, no!'

Ling Han suddenly stood up. He had discovered what he had previously overlooked.

The World's Will had said that it had helped Ling Han mend his flaws, allowing Ling Han to possess the ability to develop new dimensions, as well as the ability to upgrade dimensions to transcendent level. One day, his body would eventually become a second Genesis World.

However, Ling Han had now discovered that it had either forgotten, or had deliberately left out, a key point, an incredibly crucial point.

Life.

Without life, the Genesis World would only be reduced to ruins, just like how the Genesis World of the last era had been. In truth, there were still remnants of the various dimensions, yet they could only walk towards death.

Why was it like this?

That was because all dimensions had life.

Without life, just the cold heaven and earth could not nurture life and turn into a world of its own.

Ling Han pondered for a moment. Had the World's Will deliberately forgotten this important point?

This was one of the three key factors, so how could it possibly forget?

Hehe, this was really becoming more and more interesting.