Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3023  Secret code

That World's Will had spoken vaguely, and hidden a very deep secret. Ling Han had never truly believed it.

In fact… was that really the World's Will, or rather, did such a being exist?

Ling Han was given a fright. It called itself the World's Will, so it really was the World's Will? It had only shown him a fragment of history, and this was enough to prove its identity?

…Under the name of the World's Will, the words that it said were naturally filled with justice and righteousness, so others would believe it without a doubt.

"Hold on, the World's Will said that it had modified me, allowing me to have the ability to create new dimensions and improve the dimension to transcendent level. Is this the ability it bestowed on me, or… has it released some of the life energy in this light sphere of mine?

"Life is the strongest power in the world, and is the cornerstone of the world.

"This kind of power can allow me to have the ability to evolve dimensions, and it would be very normal for me to even advance a dimension to the transcendent level. Life itself… should have the ability to evolve in the first place.

"So, has it bestowed this ability on me, or has it only unlocked this ability of mine?

"But no matter what, the World's Will is not so simple. In fact, I suspect… that it has not truly disappeared!

"It's really chaotic. I haven't dealt with Hysteria yet, and here comes another Extermination, and then a so-called World's Will."

Ling Han tried to decipher the information in his mind. If he could obtain the secret code of life, he would be able to create within the Void, and evolve his own dimensions into a true world.

Hold on, was this… the eighth power?

The eighth fundamental power was Yin and Yang, life and death, chaos and order. Essentially, it was a kind of conflict.

If Ling Han possessed the power of life, the corresponding power would be the power of death.

And the power of death was too simple. What Heavenly Venerate did not have the power to destroy all life?

If he could grasp the eighth fundamental power, he would truly possess the ability to destroy Hysteria.

Ling Han analyzed the information inside his body continuously, but there was nothing he could do. The information was too fragmented, and could not be deciphered at all.

A thought flashed in his mind. Then what did Ning Haixin obtain?

He communicated with Ning Haixin, but the latter had completely no idea what the information in her mind was. Thankfully, she could show it, and allow Ling Han to view it.

Both of them possessed that mysterious orb of light, which gave them the possibility of communicating with one another.

Ling Han obtained all the information she had gained. After studying carefully, he discovered that what she possessed was also the secret code of life.

It was also fragmented and extremely mysterious.

Ling Han studied it carefully, trying to piece the information together. However, he couldn't. It was as if this was only a part of a massive puzzle, and there were still too many parts missing. As a result, he was unable to piece together a complete picture.

However, he still managed to piece them together a bit, causing him to experience appreciation, and enter into a state of deep meditation.

Hu, his eyes snapped open before showing an astounded expression.

His surroundings… had changed greatly.

'F***, just how many years have passed?'

Ling Han looked around. Ning Haixin had also disappeared. She probably saw that he had been cultivating in seclusion all this while, so she left first.

'Forget it, let's not worry about this first.'

Ling Han stretched out his hand, and spread open his palm. A blade of grass immediately grew from his palm, rapidly growing and then blooming, bearing seeds, and wilting with age.

In the past, he had also been able to do this, but he required a seed. He had only catalyzed the growth process of this life form.

But it was different now. He had created something out of thin air, like he was a creator.

Hysteria could do this. It had manifested as a dimension, and could even create Sixth Tier Heavenly Venerates.

In comparison, Ling Han was far inferior.

Ling Han could only create the most ordinary weed, which was completely worthless. To say nothing of Heavenly Venerates, he could not even create a creature with intelligence.

But the crux of the matter was that he had taken the first step!

This was an ability that he had obtained after deciphering some of the secret code of life. Yôur f𝒂vorite stories on 𝒏/o/(v)𝒆/lb𝒊n(.)c𝒐m

Ling Han pondered for a moment before muttering, "The secret code of life that I obtained isn't complete. Moreover, since Ning Haixin and I have appeared, perhaps there are even more people who possess this kind of orb of light in their minds.

"Perhaps the combination of the secret codes of life of 10 or even 100 people would be needed to truly grasp the ability of creation within the Void.

"However, there are more than millions and millions of living beings in the world, and this is hidden in the depths of the mind. If I were to search them one by one, the speed of my search could not compare to the reproduction of life at all. In other words, even if I possessed an endless lifespan, this task would never be completed.

"Moreover, the person who possesses the light orb doesn't know himself, and the mind itself is extremely important, so it's impossible that one would open it up for the viewing of others. Even if I offer an astronomical bounty, it's useless.

"Sigh, this is really difficult to deal with. Forget it, let's not worry about this first."

He'd think more about it when he got back.

Ling Han returned to Peaceful Leaf City. After reuniting with everyone, only then did he know that a whole three billion years had passed in this period of seclusion.

No wonder the surrounding environment had changed so much.

Three billion years was enough time to turn the seas into land and change everything completely.

"Grandfather!" a pretty little girl called out to Ling Han daintily. She was really too beautiful.

Ling Han faltered. "Little Chenchen?"

"I'm already an adult now, not Little Chenchen!" the young girl said childishly.

Ling Han laughed loudly. "No matter how big you are, you are still my precious granddaughter, Little Chenchen! Little Chenchen!"

The family reunited, so it was naturally extremely lively. The Ling Clan hosted a grand gathering to welcome Ling Han's return.

After this, Ling Han didn't plan to run around anywhere else.

There were only two locations he would go. The first was Peaceful Leaf City, and the second was the Realm Battlefield, where everyone was duty-bound to shoulder the responsibility of the survival of their world, especially when he was so powerful.

Three billion years had passed, and Ling Han had also cultivated to the peak stage of the Fifth Tier. Without so many dimensions in his body holding him back, his cultivation speed was naturally fast. How many Heavenly Venerable Seals did he have now? And how many combination seals did he have?

As he prepared to break through to the Sixth Tier, he was also deducing Heavenly Venerable Seals at the same time.

For him, even the crimson Great Herb should be useless now, and as for a dimensional core… it had to be a transcendent-level one at least, right?

But there was only one transcendent dimension in the world… er, Hysteria was also one… but even thinking about it was a luxury.

He couldn't destroy the Profound Negative Realm, right?

Firstly, Ling Han was unable to do it, and secondly, even if he could, there was no way he would.

Hence, he could only depend on his own efforts.

Perhaps it would take an epoch, or perhaps it would take even longer. Ling Han was also unsure. The further he progressed, the harder it would be to break through the barrier of his cultivation level.

Hence, Ling Han planned to fully concentrate on deducing the Heavenly Venerable Seals. This was the key to communicating with the fundamental particles. Perhaps he could deduce even more seals that could help him advance to the Sixth Tier?

He went into seclusion repeatedly, but each time it was not for too long. He would come out once he deduced a single Heavenly Venerable Seal, and reunite with the women. After all, he did not have many children, and the women also wanted a child with him.

They had to work hard.

700,000,000 years had passed, and an astonishing piece of news suddenly spread out. Chong Yan and the other Seventh Tier ultimate elites of the last generation had withdrawn from the Realm Battlefield.