Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

3042 Sixth Tier

Ling Han’s mind was clear, and the Powers of Dimension boiled, suppressing the four fundamental powers in his body.

This was a great thing.

There was no difference between the six types of fundamental particles. Starting from the First Tier, as long as one mastered one type of fundamental particle, they would be able to advance to the next tier.

In theory, if one could grasp six fundamental particles at the peak stage of the First Tier at the same time, no matter how weak their power was, they would still be an ultimate elite of the Seventh Tier, and their physique would be indestructible.

However, no one could do that.

It was very simple. Particles of different type repelled each other, and one could only master one at a time.

Furthermore, as the number of fundamental particles in Ling Han’s body increased, it would naturally become more and more difficult to sense new fundamental particles.

However, Ling Han was now using the Powers of Dimension to suppress the four fundamental particles, making him feel as if he had returned to the First Tier. The fundamental particles in his body no longer acted as a hindrance to hold him back.

This allowed Ling Han to see hope of a breakthrough.

However, these were just mere words, and it wasn’t an easy task to truly sense the fifth fundamental particle.

Time passed quietly like a shuttle.

100,000 years, 1,000,000 years, 10,000,000 years… Ling Han had completely lost track of time. He spread out his divine sense and interweaved it into a net, sensing the fifth fundamental particle.

It had appeared!

A hint of joy suddenly appeared on Ling Han’s face. He had discovered a brand-new fundamental particle that was emitting a dazzling light.

Strangely, he hadn’t noticed it before.

Sigh, even though he had already used the Powers of Dimension to suppress the fundamental power in his body, it was still insufficient, and the fundamental power was still affecting him. Otherwise, he should have succeeded long ago.

However, it did not matter. The most important thing was the result. He had succeeded!

He communicated with these particles, and absorbed them into his body to temper himself.

Boom! His entire body shook.

This step represented that he had advanced into the Sixth Tier.

From the looks of it, his power didn’t change at all, but he had now mastered five fundamental particles. Under the tempering of these five fundamental particles, his body could accommodate more power, and his physique would become stronger.

On another aspect, he could also accommodate more dimensions and raise his dimensions to a new level.

He wasn’t in a hurry to come out of seclusion. Right now, he had only stepped into the Sixth Tier in name, and his power hadn’t increased exponentially.

Weng, the Heavenly Venerable Seals in his body began to glow as they frantically absorbed the fundamental power.

Another three billion years passed, and Ling Han finally stopped.

The upper limit of dimensions in his body had already been lifted, and he could cultivate them to high-tier high-level dimensions now. However, how many years would it take for hundreds of thousands of dimensions to all be cultivated to become high-tier high-level dimensions?

Hundreds of epochs. ViiSiit n𝒐velb𝒊/n(.)c/(𝒐)m for l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels

Ling Han shook his head. Without a special opportunity, this would be an impossible mission.

Unfortunately, the Genesis World of the last era had already been completely destroyed, and there was no more energy for him to absorb. This path would not work. He had to think of another way.

Actually, it was also very simple. As long as life and all things truly evolved in the dimensions in his body, would Ling Han still need to cultivate?

The dimensions could grow endlessly and independently.

Ling Han’s current dimensions indeed already had life, but it was only the lowest level of plants, and was far from being true dimensions.

He needed more parts of the secret code of life.

Ling Han sighed. This was a little difficult. Who knew who else in the world had that kind of light spot hidden in their minds?

‘Hang on…’

He had already advanced into the Sixth Tier, and although his Powers of Dimension hadn’t increased by much, he had still grasped an additional fundamental power, and his abilities had increased by at least tenfold compared to before.

In other words, he could now confidently say that his battle prowess was number one in the world.

Of course, that was excluding Hysteria.

Then, how many resources could he obtain?

Of course, these resources weren’t referring to a treasure that could increase his cultivation speed. This basically didn’t exist.

However, he could create something similar to Wally… What did Wally say? An analytical War Soldier?

Forget it. This War Soldier would only have one function, and that was to explore a person’s mind to see if there was that light spot.

If he placed a few in each dimension and they kept searching, how many times would his efficiency increase?

Yes, that was a good idea.

However, he had to find Wally first.

Originally, Ling Han had wanted to look for Chong Yan and the others as soon as he came out of seclusion, but after thinking about it, it was better to increase his own strength first. After all, Hysteria was his main opponent.

‘I’ll do just this.’

After he came out of seclusion, Hu Niu immediately came over. She clearly remembered what Ling Han had said before, even though tens of billions of years had passed.

Ling Han set off with Hu Niu. Towards these wives of his, he had always felt guilty. He spent most of his time cultivating, and did not properly accompany them.

So, it was fine as long as Hu Niu was happy.

Ling Han found Wally and asked him for guidance, mainly on how to create the War Soldiers he needed at the least cost and in the shortest time possible.

Wally didn’t dislike this. According to him, War Soldiers like him were unique, and he wasn’t afraid of Ling Han imitating them, nor would the latter be able to.

He was really full of confidence.

Ling Han merely smiled, and began to seriously discuss this with Wally.

It only took half a year for Wally to come up with a plan. Ling Han retrieved the required materials, and he very quickly created his first War Soldier.

Wally tested and modified it again. As its functions were too simple, it didn’t even need to be made into a War Soldier. It only needed to be able to scan and distinguish.

After seven rounds of modifications, Wally finally gave Ling Han a device instead of a War Soldier.

One only had to place it on his head, and it would scan the person, producing a result within 10 breaths.

Ling Han took a look. Although this device required Divine Metal, Divine Metal was really not that precious to him right now.

He began to work. The women, the large black dog, and the others also helped. They spent tens of thousands of years building about 1,000,000 devices.

Ling Han shuttled through the dimensions, and arrived directly at the Celestial Realm. He decided to start from here.

He gathered all the Celestial Kings here, and gave them over 1,000 devices so that they could inspect all the living beings in this world regardless of their abilities.

If there was someone who met the criteria, Ling Han would definitely nurture them well. He would pay them a visit every 100,000,000 years.

Then, he went to the Foreign Realm and gave the same instructions.

One dimension after another, he distributed the special devices. It was still being continuously produced in the Profound Negative Realm. Of course, the more of this thing, the better. Only then could he find the people he wanted quickly.

After making a whole round, 90,000,000 years had passed.

Ling Han returned to the Profound Negative Realm, and did not go out again. Instead, he spent time with the women.

Next, he would go to the Realm Battlefield to take a look. He couldn’t possibly not contribute—although what he was doing was to build up his strength and prepare to eliminate Hysteria in the future.

Millions of years later, one of the women finally became pregnant again.

It was Zhu Xuan’er.