Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 308: The Thousand Corpse Sect’s Plans

Translator: _Dark_Angel_ Editor: Kurisu

Cheng Fei Jun was struck awake by this smack, and the look he directed towards Ling Han was filled with terror.

Being able to soar in the skies physically... the Flower Blossom Tier!

The Flower Blossom Tier, someone who had transcended the mortal world and possessed power that could not be comprehended logically.

Thus, this had to be an old monster who had lived for a hundred or two hundred years. As a result, it was nothing odd that he possessed the power of the Flower Blossom Tier, nor was it strange that he had become an Earth Grade alchemist, because he had already reached such heights since who knows how many years ago.

For such an old monster to deliberately disguise himself as a young man, what were his intentions? Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

“You had best explain obediently!” Ling Han casually turned a hand and a force was exerted onto Cheng Fei Jun’s body, causing such pain that he immediately exclaimed in agony. In this space, Ling Han was God.

Cheng Fei Jun was really quite stubborn. Unfortunately, within the Black Tower, any kind of unimaginable torture method could be immediately brought into reality, and soon enough, Cheng Fei Jun had a mental breakdown. This was practically trying to oppose the will of a God; how could he possibly win?

Ling Han actually had other means to obtain the information he wanted, and that was to directly search his soul. For him who had a sliver of the divine sense of the Heaven Tier—added with the fact that they were both in the Black Tower—it would be extremely easy to accomplish this.

However, the process of searching one’s soul would be similar to reading every single experience and the whole history of a man—unless it was so coincidental that the information he wanted would be immediately searched out. Since it was to flip through all the memories of another, he would have to go through his experiences as well, and seeing too much of another’s experiences would definitely affect him as well. He might lose sight of which life was his, and which was Cheng Fei Jun’s.

Thus, unless it was absolutely necessary, Ling Han did not want to use soul searching arts. Moreover, after the soul was searched, the person who had his soul searched would definitely die. This was because his soul had been drawn out of his body and flipped through bit by bit, so it would naturally be completely destroyed.

Of course, the most important reason that Ling Han did not want to view Cheng Fei Jun’s whole life was to avoid dirtying his eyes. And there was no need to mention Luo Ji Feng; his world view could possibly be completely obliterated. He did not care much about whether Cheng Fei Jun would die or not; after all, even if he did not kill the latter now, he would kill him at a later time anyways.

For every question Ling Han asked, Cheng Fei Jun replied. Ling Han was naturally able to distinguish whether he was lying to him or not.

Strictly speaking, Cheng Fei Jun was not a member of the Thousand Corpse Sect, because he had never cultivated Corpse Qi.

About ten years ago, Cheng Fei Jun was merely an extremely talented newbie in the field of alchemy, but it was right at that time that he was found by a powerful elite of the Thousand Corpse Sect, who promised him a great reward and pulled him into the Thousand Corpse Sect.

After a trial period of three years, he had obtained ample trust and received a considerable number of ancient pill formulae, and even obtained the personal notebook of an ancient great alchemist, which instantly caused his alchemical skills to sharply improve.

Before that, the Thousand Corpse Sect did not have him do anything specific, and only required him to improve his alchemical skills as much as possible to prepare for the “big business” in future. Improving his own alchemical skills was his pursuit in the first place, so Cheng Fei Jun would naturally not refuse. Thus, he began to walk farther and farther, as well as more and more successful on the path of alchemy.

About a year ago, the Thousand Corpse Sect gave him a Strange Fire, and paid an exorbitant price to help him fuse with it. It was also because of this that he was able to become a Black Grade high level alchemist when he was only in the Gushing Spring Tier, and he was just flourishing in the limelight.

And it was at this time that he received a mission from the Thousand Corpse Sect—when Long Yong Chang and the other two passed on, he was to take control of the Star Brilliance Palace Hall. After which, through the authority he possessed, he was to add Corpse Qi into the medicine that would enter into the Nine Nations of the Desolate North and transform all of the Nine Nations of the Desolate North into a land of the dead!

If one came into extended contact with Corpse Qi, a living person would slowly be transformed into a special kind of Corpse Soldier that would be able to devour other Corpse Soldiers in order to upgrade their own power. It was similar to raising insects 1 , and a Corpse King would emerge at the end!

With the huge numbers living in the Nine Nations of the Desolate North, this Corpse King could possibly be a Gold-Armored Corpse, or even a Second Tier Gold Armoured Corpse!

As for how to make Long Yong Chang and the other two die at the same time, the Thousand Corpse Sect would naturally send one of their elites to accomplish this task, so there was no need for Cheng Fei Jun to worry about it. What he had to do was to transform the Nine Nations of the Desolate North into a land of the dead after he had taken over.

After understanding the whole story, Ling Han waved a hand and imprisoned Cheng Fei Jun. Anyways, now that he had entered the Black Tower, his life or death was merely a thought from Ling Han. He could possibly be useful in future, so Ling Han decided to simply imprison him first. He did the same to the scholar boy. At least, only when Ling Han left the Fallen Moon Gorge would he release the latter.

This Thousand Corpse Sect did not have much relation with Rong Huan Xuan.

It looked like there had been a split in the inheritance of this ancient great sect. Part of it was inherited by Rong Huan Xuan, whereas the other part was obtained by another. Moreover, this person was secretly developing it rapidly towards prosperity. He was so ambitious that he planned to kill the dozen hundred million people of the Nine Nations of the Desolate North and refine a Corpse King through this process.

This was really deranged!

Completely by accident, he actually unravelled such a great evil scheme. It was really a great coincidence and very fortunate.

Ling Han was also filled with a bit of lingering fear. Because if he had really walked off without a second thought, once Long Yong Chang and the other two Earth Grade alchemists died, it was only a matter of course for Cheng Fei Jun to rise up and take over.

...For a small place like the Nine Nations of the Desolate North, there was actually no need for three Earth Grade alchemists to stand by here. It was because the three of them had broken through here that they had remained here. In truth, when they had been assigned here, they were only Black Grade high level alchemists.

Thus, there was absolutely no problem with the plans of the Thousand Corpse Sect. With Cheng Fei Jun’s current reputation and power, if Ling Han did not step out, who would be able to compete?

And if this plan of the Thousand Corpse Sect was really put into action, there would practically be no chance for anyone to survive in all the Nine Nations of the Desolate North. Even with the protection of the new Rain Emperor and the Da Yuan King, how could Ling Dong Xing and the others possibly be spared?

Thus, Ling Han felt lingering fear. If something like that had really happened, even if he destroyed the Thousand Corpse Sect 10,000 times, what use was there?

He definitely had to destroy this Thousand Corpse Sect!

Otherwise, even if they failed this time, there would still be a next time and another after that, and he wouldn’t be able to guard himself against it.

Family was Ling Han’s reverse scale. He would definitely not allow anyone harm those close to him. So, Thousand Corpse Sect, you should continue to be buried in the dust of history.

However, the current Thousand Corpse Sect had already reached a massive size, and it was not only through bold words that he could successfully destroy them. Though Luo Ji Feng was in the Spiritual Pedestal Tier, he did not have a high position in the Thousand Corpse Sect, and Cheng Fei Jun was completely unclear about the detailed power scale in the Thousand Corpse Sect.

If this sect had already been revived for a very, very long time, then it wouldn’t be anything strange for them to have one or even a few ultimate elites of the Shattering Void Tier. After all, it was currently a booming era for the martial arts. Moreover, in history, the Thousand Corpse Sect had also possessed ultimate elites of the Tenth Tier as well.

Ling Han scratched his head. All the demons and monsters had really appeared in this lifetime.

A day later, the auction was held as scheduled.

The Spirit Treasures Pavilion’s status in the Fallen Moon Gorge was not something that could be compared to the Star Brilliance Palace Hall, but the former was similarly established in an extremely large building, which was constructed as a very traditional auction house. It had a total of five floors and was designed in a way that the middle part was empty.

This place could at most accommodate one thousand people at one time, so it couldn’t really be considered small. Though Ling Han had not gotten his proof of identity as an Earth Grade alchemist, that was merely an issue of procedure. As a result, he enjoyed the highest level of treatment from the Spirit Treasures Pavilion, and possessed a private room on the fifth floor.

Long Yong Chang and the other two Big Bosses also arrived. From the look of things, the Blue Scale Demonic Fruit was also very attractive to them, so Ling Han considered whether he should discuss with them and ask them to allow him to have the Blue Scale Demonic Fruit.

But what caused Ling Han shock was the fact that there were actually other guests in the private room on the fifth floor!

He saw with his own eyes a woman who was completely hidden in a cloak enter into the room. Why was he so sure that it was a woman? When her body moved, that slender waist and plump behind, as well as her towering b***** were completely outlined.