Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

3073 Secret of The World

Ling Han hadn’t just been cultivating for the past few hundred million years. He had also deduced all of the first-grade seals at the same time.

He had skipped over the second-grade seals, and directly focused on deducing the first-grade seals instead. This was in order to maximize his battle prowess.

However, he had never channeled these seals before, and this was because it would have been meaningless to do so. What would it have helped him even if he had suppressed Hysteria and Extermination and pummeled them into the ground? They were undying and indestructible beings, after all.

Now that he was at a critical stage of fighting for the core of the dimension, however, he no longer needed to hold back anymore.

Boom!

Ling Han glowed with brilliance as his power increased 8000-fold, and even the pumping of his blood was so loud that it was as if heaven and earth were shattering into pieces. He threw a single punch, and it was as if all other actions descended into stillness, with only his fist continuing to tear through the air and illuminate the sky.

Peng, peng!

What did it matter that his opponent was Hysteria? What did it matter that his opponent was Extermination? They were powerless in the face of such an explosive attack, and they had no option but to be sent flying back.

Ling Han then charged toward Chong Yan and the others, sending them flying into the distance as well. This freed up Lin Luo and the others, and allowed them to dash around to gather the core fragments of the dimension.

“Ling!! Han!!” Extermination howled in fury. In just an instant, more than half of the core fragments had already been collected by Lin Luo and the others.

She was seething with rage, yet she didn’t charge forward to attack Ling Han again. Instead, she dashed toward the core fragments of the dimension.

“Piss off!!” she roared, throwing a palm strike, and instantly blasting Xin Fu into the distance. This was an inevitable result as the gulf in power between them was far too great.

She reached over again, and she quickly obtained a piece of the core fragment of the dimension. Elsewhere, Hysteria was also forcefully pushing its opponents aside, allowing it to obtain a piece of the core fragment.

They were two of the most powerful beings in the world, after all, and apart from Ling Han, there was no one else who could rival their might.

Ling Han looked around, and he saw that all of the core fragments had already been collected, with most of them falling into the hands of his allies.

Seeing this, he roared, “Leave!”

Lin Luo and the others left without any hesitation. They had come here with the goal of obtaining the core of the dimension, so since the core fragments had already been collected, what was the point of staying any longer?

With Ling Han bringing up the rear, the seven ultimate elites quickly retreated together.

After Lin Luo and the others left, Ling Han stood guard at the Two Realm Passageway, and said calmly, “The next time we meet, only one party will make it out alive!”

Extermination and Hysteria stopped attacking him. Hysteria was unable to pursue Ling Han into different dimensions, while Extermination alone was slightly weaker than Ling Han. That being the case, why would she pursue him alone? To ask for a beating?

“Hmph! Who doesn’t know how to speak boldly and boast? Regarding who will die at that time… you’ll naturally find out soon,” Extermination said coldly.

Ling Han turned around and left, paying no more heed to her.

After returning to the Celestial Realm, Lin Luo and the others divided up the core fragments of the dimension.

These were naturally given to Lin Youlian, Wu Haoyang, and the others. If they could advance to the Seventh Tier, they would naturally have a huge influence on the situation.

Ling Han also received a few pieces of core fragments. He was the main force in the fight against Hysteria and Extermination, so having him increase his strength was naturally the most important.

He thought for a moment and decided against immediately using these core fragments. Instead, he stowed them away.

There was still a little bit of time left, so he wanted to rely on his own efforts to reach the peak stage of the Sixth Tier. At that time, he would then use these core fragments to help him advance to the Seventh Tier.

Of course, the chance of success was incredibly low. After all, even a complete core of the dimension might not be enough to help him advance to the Seventh Tier.

Ling Han composed himself and pushed all other thoughts out of his mind. Right now, what he had to do was cultivate and grow stronger. This was the key to resolving everything.

Lin Youlian, Xin Qihu, and the others were also cultivating in seclusion, and refining the core fragments of the dimension. Even if they were capable of advancing to the Seventh Tier, this wouldn’t be any time soon. Instead, it would take them hundreds of millions of years.

Lin Luo and the others had nothing to do, so they traveled to the front lines, and attempted to obstruct Hysteria’s advance. That way, they could buy some time for Ling Han and the others. However, Chong Yan and the others were no pushovers, so Lin Luo and the others were unable to give Hysteria any trouble.

Following the fall of the Profound Negative Realm, there were no more transcendent dimensions in Hysteria’s path. In fact, there weren’t even any high-level dimensions in its path. Thus, the speed at which Hysteria engulfed these dimensions soared explosively, and it only needed a short 1,000,000 years to engulf an entire dimension.

Not only that, but the more dimensions Hysteria engulfed, the greater its speed would become.

A few hundred thousand years per dimension, 100,000 or so years for a dimension… Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

When all of the medium-level dimensions were engulfed, Hysteria only needed tens of thousands of years to engulf an entire dimension.

Fortunately, all of the Heavenly Venerates under the Seventh Tier were helping relocate the living beings of these dimensions. However, just how large was a dimension? There was only a limited number of Heavenly Venerates, so only less than one percent of living beings were actually moved to the Celestial Realm.

Five billion years later, Ling Han finally exited seclusion. He had already raised all of the dimensions inside him to high-tier high-level dimensions. Limited by his current cultivation level, this was already the highest he could raise them. He couldn’t raise them to the transcendent level.

At this moment, Bai Mifan, Lin Youlian, and the others also exited seclusion. Withstanding the huge pressure of expectations on them, they all successfully advanced to the Seventh Tier.

Once they stabilized their cultivation, they would become extremely important helpers to Ling Han.

Ling Han once again gathered Ning Haixin and the others, people who had a ball of light in their minds. Now that he had grown stronger, perhaps he would be able to discover more of the hidden secrets in these balls of light in their minds.

This pertained to the secret origin of the Genesis World—this was the most valuable information in the world.

They entered resonance using the balls of light in their minds again.

Boom!

Tumultuous waves crashed through their minds, causing Ning Haixin and the others to immediately lose consciousness. However, Ling Han was able to withstand this shock wave. In that short instant, he was able to observe many secrets.

Why did Ning Haixin possess a powerful sense of affinity? Why was Ma Chenggao’s divine sense so powerful? Why was An Feiyue so skilled at comprehending formations? And why had Ling Han been so skilled in alchemy?

He had been unreasonably skilled in alchemy. He could master any pill recipe immediately after learning it, and he could even create new pill recipes out of thin air.

This was the secret code of the entire Genesis World. Before obtaining it, the secret codes of life had only been one part of the equation. Of course, they had been the most important part of the equation. Everything else could only be regarded as icing on the cake.

Huge transformations started to take place inside Ling Han’s body.

Golden lotuses bloomed in his mind, with his comprehensions becoming as radiant as flowers.

The secret codes of life that Ling Han had obtained all hovered to the surface. There were still some sections missing, yet these missing sections were automatically completing themselves at this moment, allowing the secret codes of life to form a ring.

Ling Han could sense that he was resonating with people similar to him very far away. Moreover, he was resonating with more than one person.

Extermination and Wang Quanhe.

It was as if they had all been linked together, through space and time, and were capable of drawing out the fundamental nature of the world.

Ling Han wasn’t sure whether Extermination had seen these secret codes of life or not. However, he felt like that short instant was far too little time for her to do so. He had been fully prepared, yet he had still almost missed the opportunity to observe them. Meanwhile, Extermination had been completely unprepared. As such, it was unlikely that she had seen these secret codes of life.

Ling Han digested this ring of secret codes, and he felt like his body was now undergoing some sort of mysterious transformation. However, he was unable to describe what this transformation was.

Time quietly crept by, and another 900,000,000 years passed just like that.

Ling Han was forcefully awakened from his seclusion. This was inevitable as Hysteria had already advanced to the Foreign Realm. Once the Foreign Realm fell, the Celestial Realm would be next.

If Hysteria engulfed these final two dimensions, then it would succeed in its goal to engulf the entire Genesis World.