Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

3082 Dividing the Energy

‘Huh?’ L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎

Ling Han was astonished. He discovered that even though most of the energy was funneling into Extermination, there was also quite a noticeable amount of energy flowing into him.

The sixth type of fundamental power grew stronger and stronger in his body, and this allowed him to absorb the surrounding energy quicker and quicker.

At the same time, it was as if all of the dimensions in his body had been activated, and they were filled with vigor as they voraciously absorbed the fundamental power and charged toward the transcendent level.

Secret codes of life!

Ling Han came to a sudden realization. After engulfing the entire Genesis World, Hysteria had naturally formed new secret codes of life as well. These were secret codes that contained the core secret of the Genesis World.

No wonder Hysteria had become so powerful before. However, Extermination’s actions had caused it to self-destruct, which resulted in these core secrets of the world being exposed as well.

Now, Extermination had managed to obtain these complete secret codes of life, so it was only natural that her power increased explosively.

Why hadn’t Ling Han managed to encounter such a situation?

Ling Han pondered for a moment before coming to a sudden realization. He had only been at the Sixth Tier before, so due to the limit of his cultivation, he hadn’t been able to elevate his dimensions at a quick speed—of course, his speed had already been incredible to begin with. He had cultivated all of his dimensions to the high-tier high-level in just 10 billion years.

Now that he had advanced to the Seventh Tier and raised his upper limit, he was naturally able to extract fundamental power at an even quicker speed.

Moreover, as his cultivation grew and stabilized, this speed would also continue to increase.

In addition to this, the existence of the Genesis World before had also introduced some form of restriction and equilibrium. This had definitely affected Ling Han’s speed as well.

However, the situation was completely different now. The Genesis World was no more, and the vast energy in the void all funneled toward Ling Han and Extermination.

“That’s mine!” Hysteria roared as it charged over.

It had also managed to catch a glimpse of the secret codes of life at that time. Otherwise, it couldn’t have become so powerful. Thus, it was also able to absorb some of the surging energy.

Anyhow, the golden orb wasn’t simply an orb that contained the secret codes of life. At the same time, it was also something that could gather fundamental power together. Otherwise, one wouldn’t be able to absorb the secret codes of life so quickly even if they obtained it.

Ling Han, Extermination, and Hysteria battled against each other as they fought to absorb this energy.

Chong Yan and the others also wanted to grab a slice of this energy. However, to say nothing of the fact that they were too weak—they would be sent flying with a single punch—they wouldn’t be able to absorb this energy even if they were powerful enough. After all, without grasping the secret codes of life, would they have the right to absorb this energy?

All they could do was stand aside and watch on.

However, this was something that pertained to whether they could reach the Eighth Tier or not! This huge opportunity was sitting right there in front of them, yet they were powerless to do anything but stand there and watch. This pained them so much that the rims of their eyes were about to crack.

Meanwhile, Lin Luo and the others weren’t worried about this fact. Instead, they frowned slightly as they worried about which of the three ultimate elites would eventually emerge victorious.

If it wasn’t Ling Han, then the situation would become as dire as could be.

Boom!

Waves of energy crashed through the void.

The void was non-sentient, nor did it have a will. It simply operated within the boundaries of some regulation. In the view of the void, the destruction of the Genesis World simply meant that it needed to create a new one. Thus, boundless energy surged over, creating an environment that could birth a new world.

What lay at the center of this surging energy was none other than the golden orb—this was the secret code of the Genesis World.

This energy was far too powerful and immense, so much so that there was more than enough to satisfy Ling Han, Extermination, and Hysteria. In fact, there was so much energy that the three of them were almost about to explode under the pressure.

To destroy a world required magnificent power. In the same way, to create a world also required magnificent power.

The three beings had no option but to stop, focusing their full effort on refining the terrifying amount of energy instead. Otherwise, they would explode under the titanic pressure.

The three of them sat down, absorbing the boundless energy and transforming it into their own.

Inside Ling Han’s body, the sixth type of fundamental power quickly reached a satiated state.

He had advanced to the peak stage of the Seventh Tier.

His cultivation speed was simply unfathomable. However, this was largely because the current situation was far too unique. After all, how many times would the Genesis World be destroyed and recreated?

After reaching the peak stage of the Seventh Tier, the six fundamental powers inside him also reached a state of perfect equilibrium. Upon channeling them, Ling Han could create a terrifying absorption power.

The dimensions inside Ling Han continued to grow.

If it were he who had obtained the golden orb, the void would have potentially stopped funneling energy over once he raised one or several of his dimensions to the transcendent level. This was because there were far too many dimensions inside him. By just elevating their levels a little, he could quickly give birth to a brand-new Genesis World.

Now, however, the golden orb was inside Extermination’s body. Even though she had obtained the secret codes of life, allowing her to manifest new dimensions, there were far too few dimensions inside her to begin with. Moreover, the speed of manifesting new dimensions would definitely be very slow.

When Extermination cultivated all of her dimensions to the transcendent level, she had no option but to stop her extraction of the boundless energy. She needed to create some new dimensions first. Only after that could she continue to absorb energy to cultivate them.

Since this was the case, how could she compete with Ling Han in terms of speed?

This issue affected Hysteria even more severely. There were no dimensions inside its body—or perhaps there were only one or two—so it quickly reached a state of fullness. It was forced to retreat lest it exploded into pieces again.

It brandished its eight tentacles, and it was filled with jealousy and fury. It was clearly it that had engulfed the Genesis World, and it was clearly it that had created this great opportunity. Yet, it was being forced to back down so quickly? How could it tolerate this?

Hysteria swung its tentacles at Ling Han and Extermination. However, the void was filled with surging energy so concentrated that it was almost tangible. As a result, Hysteria’s attacks failed to hit its targets. Not only that, but its tentacles were also reflected back by the dense energy.

Hysteria unleashed several more attacks to vent its fury, yet these were all to no avail.

It could only give up and turn its attention to the doorway of light instead.

Beyond this… was a new world.

Once it left this void—left this small pond—what awaited it would be great opportunities that were far superior to the “measly” benefits in this small place.

And after it left, it would turn around to shatter this doorway of light.

‘You people can stay in this small pond and rot to death.’

It charged forward, attempting to squeeze into the doorway of light.

However, it immediately discovered that it couldn’t fit into the doorway no matter what.

It was as if the doorway were supremely tough, and Hysteria couldn’t squeeze itself through it no matter how hard it tried. It could only advance a single inch and no further. It couldn’t get out at all.

Hysteria shrunk itself down, all the way until it only measured one inch in height. It then charged at the doorway of light again.

However, now that its body was smaller, the distance that it could travel through the doorway also became lesser. It still couldn’t exit.

“Aaargh!!” It bellowed in fury. So be it if it couldn’t obtain the huge opportunity presented by the boundless energy, yet it couldn’t even leave through this door now?

‘I can’t leave?

‘Then I’ll destroy you!’

Hysteria unleashed an attack at the doorway of light. It wouldn’t be so naive as to think that Ling Han or Extermination would be generous enough to take it with them when they left.

So, since it had to stay trapped in this place and rot to death, then it would force the two of them to suffer the same fate as well!

It frenziedly attacked the doorway of light, yet the doorway appeared to be surprisingly sturdy as it remained completely unharmed. No, it couldn’t be described as sturdy. Instead, it wasn’t enduring any force at all.

Hysteria attacked the doorway for several days, yet its efforts were all in vain.

It attempted to charge through the doorway again. However, it discovered that even the supremely tough nature of the doorway seemed to have disappeared. Right now, it was as if the doorway were nothing more than a projection, an intangible projection that didn’t exist at all.

Since it didn’t exist, how could Hysteria destroy it or pass through it?

Hysteria went wild with rage. It turned its attention to Lin Luo, Chong Yan, and the others. Since this was the case, then it would kill these people first!