Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

3131 Talisman Weapon unleashes its might

As the Talisman Weapon was unleashed, brilliance of light circulated, and turned into a golden human figure. It was as if it was forged from gold, with bright dazzling light radiating around it.

This was because his blood was on the talisman paper, so when it transformed into a Talisman Weapon, it also had a divine connection with him[1].

Peng! FOlloow 𝒏ewest stories at n𝒐(v)el/bi/n(.)com

The golden Talisman Weapon moved to parry the blood-colored lizard. This had attained the level of Ten Meridians, and not only was its power stronger, it could also unleash full might. There was no need for it to even strike directly, and the blood-colored lizard was instantly sent flying.

This was quite astonishing indeed. The blood-colored lizard was obviously just weaker in cultivation level by one meridian, but now it appeared to be completely unable to fight back.

Xiu, the blood-coloured lizard spat out its long tongue, which turned into a spear, launching another attack.

Its defenses were quite amazing, as it actually didn’t get injured much after taking this blow.

The golden Talisman Weapon clenched its fist. Peng, another punch from the distance was shot out, and the course of that long tongue was instantly blocked. Then, it bounced backwards, turning into a soft coil.

This was also thanks to the fact that this tongue could be hard and soft at will. Otherwise, it was very likely that it would break under the impact of this punch.

Peng, peng, peng! The golden Talisman Weapon took the initiative to attack, launching a barrage of attacks at the blood-coloured lizard.

Li Changdan revealed a cold smile. As expected, he was right not to rush forward. Otherwise, when going up against a Ten Meridians elite, he would have been killed in a few moves.

He certainly didn’t have such a sturdy defense that he could take the attacks of a Ten Meridians elite head-on.

Why was it said that the Ten Meridians could be considered as the king tier? That was because they had an absolute one-sided advantage over those with cultivation level of Nine Meridians and below.

However, he naturally wouldn’t just stand by and watch. Xiu! He hurled out a rock, aiming straight for Ling Han.

Peng!

The golden Talisman Weapon threw a punch from afar, and this rock was instantly blown into smithereens. At the same time, its left fist smashed towards the blood-coloured lizard. In a battle of two against one, it still had the absolute upper hand.

Ling Han sighed. This Li Changdan was indeed extremely cautious, drawing out the distance and not approaching the battle zone. If Ling Han was to command the golden Talisman Weapon to pursue Li Changdan, then before the golden Talisman Weapon could catch up to Li Changdan, Ling Han would have been killed by the blood-coloured lizard first.

Thus, he had no choice but to only deal with this blood-coloured lizard first.

This ferocious creature was really powerful. Its skin was thick and sturdy, and it was fine even after sustaining the attacks of Ten Meridians-level continuously, although a considerable number of its scales had been sliced off. However, it had to be admitted that if it was a human being that had sustained so many attacks, his internal organs would probably have long since been smashed into mush.

It was no wonder that the Demonic Beasts now ruled this world. Humans could only be segregated to some small areas to toil in while holding onto their last breaths. Indeed, in a battle of equal cultivation levels, the Demonic Beasts had great advantage.

It was just that right now the blood-colored lizard could only take the beating passively. A Ten Meridians king tier could unleash its might externally, so there was no chance to even draw near to it. No matter how strong its physique was, it also couldn’t stand such continous beating.

F***, was there a need to go so far?

“Hahaha!” Li Changdan laughed out loud. He was still continuously throwing rocks, forcing the Talisman Weapon to have to split out a portion of its power to disperse his attacks, reducing the pressure on the blood-colored lizard.

As long as the blood-colored lizard dragged on until the Talisman Weapon’s power was exhausted, he would be able to successfully clean up this mess. He was sure that by that time, this giant lizard would also be riddled with wounds, and unable to withstand a single blow.

However, how could king tiers be so easily dealt with?

As expected, under the fierce attacks of the Talisman Weapon, this blood-colored lizard was soon bathed in blood. Its blood was really too smelly, causing Ling Han to involuntarily cover his nose, as if smelling too much would cause him to be poisoned.

The giant lizard cowered back from the battle. The greed of a predator was finally no match for a predator’s survival instinct, and it began to retreat.

‘You still want to run now?’

Ling Han had also gotten furious, and controlled the golden Talisman Weapon to start chasing it down.

If the blood-colored lizard had fled earlier, there might have been a shred of a chance, as the terrain of this mine was complex, and so long as Ling Han managed to be thrown off its tail, the threat posed by the golden Talisman Weapon would naturally disappear on its own.

But now, its injuries were too heavy. As it fled, it was still dripping blood continuously. In such a state, how could it possibly escape from the pursuit of the golden Talisman Weapon? It had already caught up to it in just a few steps. Peng, peng, peng! A furious barrage of fists blasted at it violently, causing its scales to be smashed to smithereens and scatter all over.

Weng, the golden Talisman Weapon suddenly made a powerful move, which originally had flickering rays of light, but now became a dazzling brilliance. Then it threw a punch and shot out a golden ball of light, like a flame.

This strike was very scary. One could see that the gravel on the ground flew up, hanging in the air, as if in a state of weightlessness.

With this golden ball of light, these gravels were also shot out in tandem. Xiu, xiu, xiu, it was as if limitless flying rocks were sent out.

The golden light hit, and that blood-coloured lizard couldn’t help but let out a sharp cry. Then, its limbs weakened, and it could no longer move. Furthermore, it naturally would not be able to dodge the following barrage of rocks, and was instantly turned into a sieve.

The main thing was that most of the scales on its body had already been hit, which led to a great decrease in its defenses. In addition to this being another powerful move, this ferocious creature was directly blasted into smithereens.

It was finally dealt with.

Ling Han turned around, and correspondingly, the golden Talisman Weapon also turned around, facing Li Changdan directly.

However, Li Changdan remained calm and unruffled. “Junior Brother, how long can your Talisman Weapon last?”

As expected, this guy knew about the Talisman Weapon. No wonder he had been so cowardly all this while. However, if this kind of secret weapon remained unused, then its might would be even greater. Now that he had drawn it, his trump card had already been revealed, allowing Li Changdan the opportunity to find the means to deal with it.

Ling Han humphed, “What do you think?”

With a thought, the golden Talisman Weapon immediately charged towards Li Changdan.

Ling Han followed suit. He could feel that he had to be within a certain range with the golden Talisman Weapon. Otherwise, the mental connection would be severed, and he would no longer be able to command this Talisman Weapon.

Li Changdan laughed loudly, but his figure retreated rapidly.

After only a short while, Ling Han discovered that the light on the Talisman Weapon was slightly dimming.

Power was about to be exhausted.

Without the slightest hesitation, he suddenly turned around and fled.

After the battle with the blood-coloured lizard, Ling Han knew that he could not possibly be a match for a Nine Meridians now, especially for the likes of Li Changdan, with strength that surpassed even the peak stage of an average Nine Meridians.

As expected, the Talisman Weapon only launched another punch, and its figure became extremely dim. In the end, it turned into a streak of light and disappeared.

“Junior Brother Ling, you ought to return what you owe me, right?” Li Changdan turned around and chased after Ling Han.

“Catch me first.” Ling Han moved quickly.

Li Changdan smiled, and said, “Don’t speak so ambiguously. It will cause others to misunderstand.” At this moment, he had recovered his full confidence.

[1] Talisman Weapon was previously translated as Talisman Weapon, but 兵 can refer to both ‘weapon’ or ‘soldier’. In this case, ‘soldier’ seems more appropriate, but for the sake of consistency, I’ll just stick with Talisman Weapon.