Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

3133 Seven Meridians

Without the pendant, Ling Han would never dare to charge into this formation.

But right now, Ling Han still had some confidence.

He took one step forward, and suddenly, a wave of killing intent surged over, and Ling Han was sent flying.

Pain, pain, pain! Ling Han clutched his chest. Though the pendant had taken effect and extinguished this killing intent in time, it still sent him flying, striking his chest painfully and causing him to spit out another mouthful of blood.

F***, if this continued, even if he could break through this formation, just coughing out blood would be enough to kill him, right?

However, as he looked at the fruit tree in front of him, Ling Han’s heart burned with desire. He definitely had to obtain these three fruits.

He walked again, and again, and again. Then, he was sent flying again and again. He spat out blood again and again.

And this was because he still had the protection of the pendant. Otherwise, who knew how many times he would have already died.

However, Ling Han’s eyes lit up as he managed to capture some changes in this great formation.

There was a chance!

Yi?

He was astonished, as he discovered that despite having sustained so many strikes, he had actually not suffered very serious injuries. Logically, he should have accumulated too many injuries after so many times of attack, and at this moment could only lie on the ground and pant for air.

Brother Monkey had said that his body was filled with life and vitality. Could it be that it was because of this that his recovery ability was so amazing?

This should be an ability that he had brought out from the Divine Stone, right?

After all, he had once been a Heavenly Venerate, and had also possessed the unique traits of the entire Genesis World. How could he possibly be ordinary?

Again.

He made continous attempts, and after half a day, he finally took a step forward.

Despite it only being one step, it actually meant that he had finally grasped the pattern of the formations.

Subsequently, he took a dozen over steps consecutively, but was once again sent flying.

This formation was far more complicated than the Ancient Formation of the Dao Child audition. It was difficult to completely understand it! More importantly, that formation previously did not have much destructive power. It mainly had a psychedelic effect, but this was a different story. It was aiming to kill.

He repeated the motions, moving step by step, and kept approaching the fruit tree.

Fortunately, he has an amazing understanding on formations, and was assisted by the pendant, so his progress was fast.

After almost a day had passed, he was only ten steps away from that fruit tree.

Success was imminent.

At such a close distance, Ling Han breathed in that fragrance, and it was as if the feeling of hunger had been eliminated.

He mustered his spirit and continued forward.

On the other side, Li Changdan finally suppressed the pain of his crippled legs for the time being.

After all, no matter how much he wailed, it would not be able to solve the problem.

He glared hatefully at Ling Han, and when he saw that Ling Han was already close to approaching that fruit tree, he couldn’t help but reveal an expression of endless jealousy.

Li Changdan knew that the reason Ling Han could avoid the calamity of having his legs severed, and could even approach that precious tree step by step, was all because of that pendant that had once belonged to him.

That was his!

Now that his legs were crippled, he would probably be forever removed from the ranks of prodigies contending for the ultimate position, and all of this was because of Ling Han.

His fists were tightly clenched into fists, and an endless hatred rose up in his heart.

Ling Han must die, definitely!

He first treated his own injuries, to prevent himself from dying due to the loss of too much blood. Then, he slowly retreated to the exit.

Ling Han would definitely come out, and although his legs were crippled, he still had the suppressive advantage of three meridians in terms of cultivation level.

If Ling Han didn’t come out, he could only starve to death. If he came out, he would be beaten to death.

Li Changdan thought for a moment, then took his two severed legs with him as well. If he was hungry to the point that he could barely hold on, then he would eat his own severed legs. He did not believe that Ling Han would have such strong determination to sever his own legs as well.

With such determination for revenge, he could also be considered a freak.

…

Nine steps, eight steps, seven steps – Ling Han was getting closer and closer to the fruit tree. Finally, he stretched out his hand and grabbed onto a fruit.

He plucked it, and the strong aroma of the fruit surged, causing his spirit to be shaken.

Ling Han turned around, only to see Li Changdan staring at him with venomous eyes at the entrance at a distance.

Sigh, even with two severed legs, he was still guarding him here, instead of quickly going out to find a doctor.

Li Changdan simply clenched his fists and didn’t reply.

Ling Han wasn’t bothered about him either. He casually rubbed the fruit, then began to eat ravenously. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

After taking the first bite, he almost threw this fruit away.

‘F*ck! What in the world is this? It’s so bitter!’

Shouldn’t precious fruit be sweet, juicy and incredibly delicious?

However, he immediately felt that there was an incomparably powerful energy hidden within the flesh of the fruit. This was indeed a Treasured Fruit.

He swallowed it down.

Ling Han was not interested in chewing again. He gorged and completely ate up the first fruit.

There was a seed, but it was very small. He thought for a while, and kept it in his pocket.

Boom! A powerful wave of energy immediately surged through his body. The surge of the energy was like it was going to explode from within him.

This energy was too massive.

Ling Han quickly sat down in a cross-legged position and channelled the Brother Monkey Cultivation Technique.

The power in his body was suddenly being guided, and circulated according to Ling Han’s wishes, flowing through his arteries and veins.

The sixth meridian had just been opened, and was still far from expanding to the extreme, but now, with every surge of power, his meridians would expand at an astonishing rate.

In less than half an hour, he had already reached the peak stage of Six Meridians.

However, the energy of the fruit had not completely dissipated, and was still very violent. Ling Han went on to sense the seventh meridian.

There was nowhere for the violent energy in his body to seep out, and flowed everywhere violently, causing Ling Han to be very wounded. He felt so terrible that it was as if his entire being was about to explode.

This was not an illusion, but something that really could happen.

The more this was the case, the calmer Ling Han became. He calmly sensed the seventh meridian, and after a while, a smile appeared on his face. Boom, that violent power instantly gained direction, and crashed towards the seventh meridian.

“Wa—” Ling Han suddenly spat out a mouthful of blood. This power was too violent, causing him to suffer an extremely strong backlash.

However, as he spat out this mouthful of blood, the internal meridians within his body also suddenly opened up.

The energy originating from the Precious Fruit, directly opened up the seventh meridian in the most crude manner.

Then, it rushed through them again and again, causing his meridians to become even wider, and be able to accommodate even more power.

After another ten minutes or so, the Precious Fruit’s power was finally used up completely.

Ling Han breathed out a sigh of relief. There was still lingering fear in his heart. Just now, it was really possible that he would have died.

But subsequently, he plucked another fruit without the slightest hesitation, and placed it into his mouth. He practically swallowed it whole.