Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

3135 Lair

Li Changdan’s eyes were glazed. He lowered his head to look at his chest, then looked back up at Ling Han.

Ling Han searched Li Changdan’s body, and soon found the box containing the jade-colored toad. However, he didn’t know what it was meant for. All he knew was that for Li Changdan to store it like this, it should be something good.

He hid himself, then left this place.

The danger from Li Changdan and the others had been resolved, but he still hadn’t investigated clearly the secret of the disappearance of all the miners.

Indeed, he had discovered a Nine Meridians giant iguana. It was very likely that it had eaten all the miners, but the problem was, how could a Nine Meridians monster appear out of nowhere in the territory of the Ancient Dao Sect?

Every year, the disciples of the sect would conduct a large-scale search in the mountains. As long as it was not a place that was suppressed by the formations, they would do a search. Thus, it was practically impossible for any Demonic Beast to take root here and grow stronger.

Well, that may not necessarily be the case. For example, Brother Monkey has never been discovered before.

Ling Han pondered. Should he return like this and report the situation, or should he just wait and see, and get to the bottom of it?

“I’m already in the early stage of the Nine Meridians, and my strength probably exceeds 25,000kg. It’s comparable to the Ten Meridians early stage, but the only difference is that my power can’t be unleashed.” Ling Han pondered, and said, “So, even if I encounter another giant lizard now, I’ll be the one to trample on it.”

“Alright, let’s look around again.”

Ling Han explored the mine. After a long time, he actually found another pitch-black cave.

He pulled off a lamp from the cave wall. As he shone it, he discovered that the traces of the cave entrance were very new because it was only recently excavated. However, when he walked in, he discovered that the cave wall was already covered with moss.

What did this signify?

This cave had already existed for a long time. It was just that it had been dug out recently.

“So smelly!” A gust of wind suddenly blew out of the cave, bringing with it a strong stench, causing Ling Han to cover his nose.

Was this the lair of that blood-coloured lizard?

Ling Han walked forwards very slowly, his footsteps almost inaudible. At the same time, he blew out the lantern in his hand.

After taking a few steps, the stench became more and more intense. Ling Han relit the lantern again, then tossed it forward.

The light swept out in a curve, illuminating the scenery along the way.

Disgust instantly spread across Ling Han’s face. He looked at the large and small blood-colored lizards that were eating, and their food was corpses!

Peng, the lamp landed on the ground, and rolled a few times. It actually did not break, and was still exuding light.

Ling Han saw very clearly that these lizards were not as big as the first one. Going by that logic, their abilities should also be inferior to the first one.

He did not charge out rashly, because there were too many lizards, and the environment here was too dark. He was not like these reptiles that had already adapted to the dark environment and was still able to retain their vision.

Ling Han exited the room and retrieved a few lamps. He then returned and placed them on the ground, one after another. He then picked up the crushed rocks on the ground and tossed them forward.

Pa, pa, pa. The rocks carried at least 15,000 kilograms of power, and they were all thrown out at subsonic speeds. This destructive power was incredibly terrifying. When they landed on the cave walls, sparks flew, and if they landed on the lizards, blood would directly spurt out.

This instantly enraged the group of lizards, and in an instant, dozens of lizards of all sizes surged over.

Ling Han continued to throw rocks. His present strength was too terrifying. When these lizards rushed into the zone of light, his aim had also improved greatly. While not all his throws landed, he still had around fifty percent accuracy.

Peng, peng, peng! One after another, the lizards were sent flying, and the scales on their bodies flew in all directions. They appeared to be in a very gruesome state.

However, Ling Han was only one person, after all, so he naturally couldn’t stop all the lizards. Soon, five of the lizards managed to approach him.

Ling Han didn’t throw any more rocks. Instead, he channeled the Four Directional Fists.

“Go!” he shouted lightly, and a deep power exploded. This was power that was as high as 25,000 kilograms, which was far more terrifying than throwing rocks.

Peng, with a punch, a lizard was directly blasted apart, showing just how terrifying his current strength was.

Ling Han raised his foot again, and shot out a flying kick. Though he had not practiced any kind of kicking technique, his power was clear for all to see. One kick was still as heavy as 20,000kg, and another lizard was kicked to death.

“Come, come, come!” Ling Han laughed loudly. He had advanced three cultivation levels in a row, and in terms of power alone, he was not the slightest bit inferior to Ten Meridians stronghouses. These lizards were only Seven to Eight Meridians, so how could they possibly be a match for him?

Moreover, Ling Han was still unable to release his power at that. Otherwise, these lizards would not even be qualified to approach him. Even with a certain distance between them, he could crush them into dust by his violent power.

What surprised Ling Han was that these lizards were incredibly fierce. They clearly saw their companions being continuously killed, yet they still pounced one after another.

However, under the suppression of absolute strength, this naturally was only courting death. Very soon, these lizards were all killed by Ling Han. The clothes he was wearing had also been torn in a few places, leaving behind a few injuries.

It wasn’t deep, but the wound was black in color. As expected, the lizards were poisonous.

Ling Han hurriedly sat down and channeled the Brother Monkey Cultivation Technique. After channeling it a few times, black liquid oozed out of his wounds, as well as an indescribable stench.

A feeling of weariness rose up inside him. Expelling poison using the cultivation technique had consumed a lot of his energy.

Thankfully, the wound had already turned red, and would not leave behind any future trouble.

After Ling Han rested for a while, he stood up. Carrying a lamp, he entered into the depths of the cave to explore.

Aside from the corpses of humans, there were also neat rows of lizard eggs here. They were pink in colour, and merely looking at the eggs, they looked quite cute. However, just thinking about how they would gnaw on the corpses, Ling Han was quickly overwhelmed by disgust.

Yi?

This corpse was dressed in robes, and held a broken sword in its hand. There was a fist-sized wound on its chest, which should have directly burst its heart, but the strange thing was that this wound was actually still oozing with fresh blood. Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Those lizard eggs were laid in the blood on the ground.

Could it be that these lizards were originally very ordinary, but because of this blood, they evolved rapidly?