Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

3138 Volcanic Fruit

At the beginning of the upheaval of heaven and earth, in the ancient site that was first discovered, a great deal of information was publicized for everyone to study, in an attempt to find a way to help humans escape their predicament.

By now, practically every force had a copy of this kind of information, which was extremely practical.

The Volcanic Fruit was a treasured fruit that was recorded in the collection of rare medicines. It could allow cultivators of Nine Meridians and above to successfully advance to the next cultivation level.

The significance of this was extraordinary.

From the Nine Meridians to the Ten Meridians, this was a qualitative leap. When power could be released, it could multiply one’s battle prowess many times over even.

It was also because of this that it was incredibly difficult to cross the threshold from the Nine Meridians to the Ten Meridians.

Prodigies like Li Changdan were stuck at the peak stage of the Nine Meridians for more than a year, yet they still couldn’t see any hope of breaking through. Among the Ancient Dao Sect’s prodigies, the fastest to break through to the Ten Meridians was 54 years old, and this record was set by Sun Jianfang. Findd new 𝒔tories on nov/e(l)bin(.)com

At that time, rare medicines appeared all over the world, and there was no clear division of forces. Thus, the difficulty level of obtaining Precious Fruits wasn’t very high. Most of the time, it was dependent on luck.

But it was different now. Practically all the famous mountains and lakes which contained Treasure Trees and Spiritual Herbs were occupied by various forces, and they wanted to snatch food from the tiger’s mouth?

This was as difficult as ascending the heavens.

In the case of this Volcanic Fruit, it had appeared in a pool and it had been discovered by accident. However, there was also a python in this pool. It had definitely reached Ten Meridians, and was constantly standing guard by the side of that Volcanic Fruit.

If it had been any other Treasured Fruit, because everyone would have been wary of this python, they might have just let it go.

However, they could not do that with the Volcanic Fruit.

This could allow cultivators above the Eight Meridians to take another step forward; it was too precious.

As long as they didn’t reach the Twelve Meridians, everyone would desire this.

Moreover, this giant python definitely hadn’t reached the Twelve Meridians, but what force didn’t have elites of Twelve Meridians keeping watch?

This naturally boosted their courage.

Sun Jianfang would personally lead a team to that pool. However, their greatest opponent wasn’t the python, but the elites sent by other forces.

Such a good thing would definitely cause fights. Who didn’t want to have another Ten Meridians elite in their force?

If one relied on himself to cultivate, it would really be difficult to accomplish that without reaching seventy or eighty years old, and by that time, the bodily functions would already be slowly degenerating. No matter how strong the mystical power was, his physical power would still be limited, and it would definitely affect his battle prowess.

Thus, when this news spread out, the nearby forces would definitely be restless.

These elders all had their own plans. They wanted to leave the Volcanic Fruit for their own descendants. As long as they ingested it when they were in the Nine Meridians, they would be able to soar all the way to Ten Meridians.

If one could advance into Ten Meridians before thirty years old, then his future prospects would really be boundless.

This pool was located at Sealed Mountains, and it was about ten days’ journey from the Ancient Dao Sect. And that was still with no delays on this journey, or it would take even longer.

Ling Han was curious, and asked, “After such a long time, could it be that Volcanic Fruit has not been plucked yet?”

Sun Jianfang smiled and said, “The Volcanic Fruit hasn’t ripened yet, so even if someone arrives at this time, they won’t be able to harvest it. At most, they’ll only be able to get rid of that python.”

So that was how it was.

They journeyed day and night, and would only rest when they were really tired. However, every day, when the sun rose, no one would miss out on the half an hour of cultivation time. They were all practicing fist techniques there.

Ling Han found an excuse and walked far away. He used the Brother Monkey Cultivation Technique to cultivate. After he finished cultivating, he met up with the others.

However, he couldn’t always leave with an excuse. Sometimes, Ling Han would have to follow everyone and use the Four Directional Fists Technique to absorb the mystical power of heaven and earth. However, the power he absorbed this way had too many impurities and was too impure. He would have to purify it with the Brother Monkey Cultivation Technique later. It would both slow down his progress and waste time.

Thankfully, it was only about ten days, and on the eleventh day, they had arrived at Sealed Mountains.

There were no ancient sites on this mountain, so it wasn’t occupied by any human force. In fact, there weren’t even many Demonic Beasts in fact. Moreover, at most, they were Two Meridians, Three Meridians or so. Thus, very few people would come here.

It was also because a herb harvester had come here to try his luck and in the end, he saw that python by the side of a pool, and when he ventured closer to take a look, he discovered the existence of the Volcanic Fruit.

That person sold this information to a considerable number of forces, and it was also because of this that the news leaked out in the end, making it known to everyone.

In Ling Han’s group, there were as many as eight elites above Ten Meridians. This force was too powerful. Occasionally, they would encounter wild beasts or Demonic Beasts, and they would be killed with a palm strike or a punch from afar, becoming their next meal.

When a Demonic Beast evolved, it was using mystical power to temper its body. This meat was also extraordinarily delicious. Even if it was only roasted, it was still incredibly delicious.

Nie Yang, Tan Gaobo, and the other young people usually stayed in the sect. There weren’t any Demonic Beasts in Haiping Mountain, so they had to eat their fill when they went out. This made them feel like they didn’t want to return.

As he walked, Ling Han saw too many city ruins. The majority of them were abandoned, and some had become a playground for Demonic Beasts, occupied by them.

In their place, the new cities built by humans were iron castles that were used to resist the invasion of Demonic Beasts.

But even so, there were still castles that had been conquered. There was a place that made Sun Jianfang and the others dumbfounded, unable to speak for a long time.

That was because this castle had been flattened with a single stomp.

Just how colossal was his physique, and how terrifying was his power, to be able to flatten a steel fortress that had been forged from Earth Element Iron?

If such a terrifying beast invaded the Ancient Dao Sect, would the Ancient Dao Sect be able to stop it?

This wasn’t good news. The reason why humans could struggle at death’s door was because Twelve Meridians elites had appeared among humans, capable of matching the strongest of Demonic Beasts. However, once a being that surpassed Twelve Meridians elites appeared among Demonic Beasts, the balance would be broken.

“Don’t worry too much. The Ancient Dao Sect is protected by formations, and it’s not a place that just anyone can barge in as they please.” Sun Jianfang saw that everyone’s morale was a little low, so he comforted them. Then, he said something very domineering, “In any case, I’m still here. What’s there to be afraid of?”

This was the pillar of support for the Ancient Dao Sect. Back then, it was Sun Jianfang who had flattened Haiping Mountain with his fists. Even the Demonic Beasts had no choice but to retreat, surrendering this treasure mountain.

He Guan and the others all nodded, but they had other worries. Sun Jianfang was old, after all, and was close to the limit of 150 years old. How many more years could he last?