Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Chapter 3147 Appreciation

The outcome of the battle here was already set in stone, but on the other side, there was still a fierce battle raging on.

Although Zhao Qi was only 16 or 17 years old, his battle experience was extremely abundant. Moreover, he could release his power, and with the compounding of the five overlapping layers of power, his battle prowess was incredibly powerful.

Ling Han mainly focused on defense, waiting for an opportunity to counterattack, and his true motive was to wait until Zhao Qi had used up all his power. At that time, it would be him blowing the horn to signal the beginning of his counterattack.

Zhao Qi was young and rash, so how could he compare to Ling Han, a veteran who had fought countless battles in the Genesis World?

If a Ten Meridians went all out, they would only be able to battle for about two hours, and with the extravagant use of five overlapping layers of power, this had to be further divided into five. Thus, after half an hour, Zhao Qi's power began to decline.

His stamina was astonishing, and his breathing wasn't heavy. However, the mystical power in his body had been expended too much, and even the distance he could release it over had shrunk to about a foot.

'That's all?'

Ling Han released a battle cry, and counterattacked with all his might.

Peng, peng, peng! He aggressively charged forward. In just three punches and two kicks, Zhao Qi was sent flying.

And this was still because he had not used the Demonic Monkey Fists. Otherwise, he would have long since defeated his opponent.

It was necessary to hide one's strength. Whether it was the Demonic Monkey Fists or the Brother Monkey Cultivation Technique, they were both too important.

Lian Xuerong opened her mouth and said, "Little Qi, come back."

Zhao Qi got up and rubbed his chest, showing a pained expression.

He obediently walked back, and there was no hatred in the gaze he directed at Ling Han. Instead, it was filled with admiration.

Not only him, but even Wang Feng and the others were no exception. Warriors like them had the greatest admiration for those who were truly good at fighting.

Ling Han had defeated Zhao Qi, a Ten Meridians elite, with his cultivation level of Nine Meridians. In their eyes, he was definitely even more astonishing than Sun Jianfang, who had cultivated to the Blood Transformation Tier. After all, if it was in Huju City, although there weren't Blood Transformation Tier elites all over the city, there were still many of them.

However, for a Nine Meridians to defeat a Ten Meridians?

There were pitifully few, and they definitely could be ranked in the top ten.

Lian Xuerong nodded at Ling Han and said, "Now, I believe that you were the one who killed that python. However, I didn't make a promise with you, that whoever kills this python will have the Volcanic Fruit."

Ling Han frowned upon hearing this. What did this woman mean?

"I still have an empty position of deputy captain here. Are you willing to work for me?" Lian Xuerong spoke up.

When these words fell, even Wang Feng and the others were surprised.

There were a total of ten teams under the Xuanqing Banner, and every team had a captain, followed by a deputy captain. Wang Feng and the elites of Twelve Meridians Meridians were all captains.

However, if one wanted to become the deputy captain, they would have to be an Eleven Meridians, at the very least.

Ling Han hadn't even advanced to the Ten Meridians yet. Even if he had the ability of a Ten Meridians, in the Xuanqing Banner, he really couldn't be considered an elite. This time, he had been exceptionally promoted.

However, Lian Xuerong's rule was extremely strict, so Wang Feng and the others didn't dare to say anything.

Meanwhile, He Guan and the others looked jealous. F***, they had long since chosen their side, but it seemed like they weren't even qualified to join the Xuanqing Banner. Ling Han, on the other hand, only went through a fight, and he had become the deputy captain.

Didn't this mean that seniors like them would have to submit to Ling Han?

They were naturally all defiant and displeased.

Thoughts streaked through Ling Han's mind. If he stayed in the Ancient Dao Sect, his cultivation would come to an end at the Twelve Meridians. Sun Jianfang had explored for so many years before finally advancing into the Blood Transformation Tier, and he had paid a huge price in this process.

Even if his talent was outstanding, and the time he needed to become a Blood Transformation Tier was far less than Sun Jianfang, without anyone to guide him, this time would still be very long.

Following the path of their predecessors and walking out a path for themselves were two completely different things.

Moreover, the Dark North Nation seemed to have already walked very far on the path of martial arts. For example, if a Banner Lord was a Blood Transformation Tier elite, then wouldn't the City Lord have to be a level higher, and what cultivation level did the Emperor have?

The Ancient Dao Sect was really too small. The so-called prodigy was only someone like Li Changdan. There was no meaning to stepping on him.

Ling Han still wanted to study formations and alchemy. It seemed like this could only be realized if he went to the Dark North Nation.

He came to a decision, clasped his hands and said, "Many thanks to Banner Lord for your kind offer."

"Humph!" His attitude incited the displeasure of Wang Feng and the others. When captains like them saw Lian Xuerong, they even had to half-kneel down to pay their respects, and you just clasped your hands in greeting? You really think too highly of yourself, don't you?

Lian Xuerong didn't care. She ran her fingers through her silky hair. This kind of young man with personality was what she admired more; what was the point of being too accommodating and servile?

However, her interest was also to wear down the thorns in these young people's personalities, so that they would listen obediently.

"I'll bestow this Volcanic Fruit on you. Go and retrieve it yourself," she said lazily.

Lian Xuerong ooked towards the masses again, "I will give you a month's time to deal with trivial matters. After a month, your forces will come under the territory of the Dark North Nation, and the flag of the Dark North Nation will be planted, worshipping my Master as His Majesty."

"Understood," Ji Yuanlong and the others replied with a bow. This was a great elite of the Blood Transformation Tier. Aside from Sun Jianfang, who could just barely be considered as an equal, the others could only obey.

Another group of people jumped down from the battleship. Each force would be assigned one person, and they would coordinate the process of submitting. After all, submitting to the Dark North Nation wasn't something as simple as just raising a flag.

"Old man, let's discuss together," Lian Xuerong said to Sun Jianfang with a smile, appearing very polite.

Even in Huju City, a Blood Transformation Tier cultivator could be called an elite cultivator. Moreover, Sun Jianfang had broken through to this cultivation level by himself. There was nothing to be said about his talent and determination.

Thus, she gave him a lot of face. If he could survive the loss of life force which resulted in the depletion of his lifespan, perhaps he would have even greater potential for development in the future.

Sun Jianfang nodded. She admired Ling Han, which made him feel very pleased. He had no children, and he was already feeling slightly like he was treating Ling Han as his descendant.

"Please." He also became polite.

The two of them boarded the battle ship to discuss martial arts, while He Guan, Gu Tang and the others brought a Xuanqing Banner warrior back to Ancient Dao Sect to deal with the specific matters of surrender and submission.

"Brother!" Wang Feng and the others all gathered around him. It was as if they had seen a monster, and they all stared at Ling Han. "It's over, it's over, you're really done for."

"That's right. There isn't a man that our Banner Lord admires that has come out unscathed."

"Sigh, you should pray for good fortune."

Ling Han laughed in spite of himself, "Banner Lord Lian is that terrifying?"

"How could she not be!" a bald man said. "Even though our Banner Lord is so dazzlingly beautiful and charming, she's actually as cold as ice in her bones. She's a demon."

"In the past, there was a captain who took advantage of the fact that he was a relative of the City Lord, and took advantage of his drunken mood to speak cheekily to the Banner Lord, and guess what happened in the end?"

"His mouth was forcibly smashed, and his lower half had also been sliced off. He ended up being neither male nor female."

Ling Han said, "That person probably brought this upon himself."

"You don't understand. Our Banner Lord Lian is a two-faced person. Right now, she's as cold as a block of ice, but after a few days, she can be as passionate as fire and melt you down. However, if you dare to show even the slightest bit of… hehe, you understand. Then, just wait to be taught a lesson," Wang Feng said with lingering fear.