Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3158 Challenging Yunmo Banner

"Xuanqing Banner, what do you guys want?" In the camp, someone shouted and asked.

Although Xuanqing Banner was the weakest of the four banners, they weren't much weaker either. Once a huge battle broke out, the consequences would be unimaginable. Even if Yunmo Banner won, it was inevitable that they would be severely punished.

Those in a higher position were most afraid of chaos in the army.

Could it be that the Xuanqing Banner, no longer able to bear the humiliation, had finally exploded?

"We have come to issue a challenge!"

"Just Yunmo Banner are allowed to issue a challenge, and we can't do the same?"

"Challenge!"

The members of Xuanqing Banner all shouted in excitement. This was something that had never happened before, and it made their blood boil with excitement.

The people of Yunmo Banner all exchanged looks. A challenge?

Have you all taken the wrong medicine today?

Right at this moment, Zhu Lang and the others walked over.

"Captain, Xuanqing Banner has gone too far. They mobilized a Twelve Meridians and beat up Xiao Lang!" a sturdy man immediately said.

"We protested for a while, and they beat us up as well," the other sturdy man said. Zhu Lang, on the other hand, remained silent.

In this way, the entire Yunmo Banner was in an uproar.

F***, your Xuanqing Banner is really too shameless, isn't it?

"How shameless! Brothers, grab your weapons, let's do it!" The people of Yunmo Banner all shouted, raising their weapons high.

Ling Han stepped out bravely. If things continued to develop, it would become a gang fight.

"I was the one who defeated Zhu Lang." He raised his voice.

"Eh?"

The people of Yunmo Banner all looked at Ling Han in shock.

This was the Twelve Meridians?

But he was too young, wasn't he? By the looks of it, he was not yet twenty years old.

Indeed, if it was a battle of a Twelve Meridians against a Ten Meridians, that would be bullying, but if both of them were around the same age, that would be another matter.

'It is your cultivation speed that is too slow, so you can't blame others, right?'

"I am a Ten Meridians," Ling Han said seriously. He said calmly, "However, I don't mind who you send. Whether it is Ten Meridians, Eleven Meridians, or Twelve Meridians, I will accept them all."

He channeled his power, and the ten meridians that had already been opened in his body immediately emitted a faint light.

It really was a Ten Meridians.

The people of Yunmo Banner were both shocked and curious. They all turned their eyes to Zhu Lang. Was this really the person who had defeated him?

Meanwhile, Zhu Lang's jaw dropped. He couldn't believe this at all.

Ling Han was really a Ten Meridians.

F***, he had been defeated by a Ten Meridians?

How was this possible!

His natural talent in cultivation was enough to be ranked in the top twenty in the whole city. There were only a limited number of people that could defeat him, and at present, there were even fewer that were Ten Meridians like him.

To say the least, even if those few people moved, it was definitely impossible that they would be able to defeat him with a single punch.

This was completely one-sided.

Seeing that Zhu Lang did not speak, the people of Yunmo Banner naturally could not confirm either.

"Let me fight you," a Ten Meridians martial artist jumped out. It was impossible that no one would accept a challenge when an opponent was calling out right at their doors.

He charged towards Ling Han, but before he could even throw a punch, he was sent flying with a slap from Ling Han.

He couldn't even withstand a single blow.

'F*ck! So powerful!'

The people of Yunmo Banner all thought internally. To defeat a cultivator of the same cultivation level with a single strike, he was definitely on the level of a prodigy. Even among those noble families in the city, he could at least be ranked in the top twenty.

When did the Xuanqing Banner recruit such a prodigy?

"Good one!" Xuanqing Banner's soldiers roared. Some of them almost screamed their throats out. They had been waiting for this moment for too long.

"Next," Ling Han said calmly.

This kind of careless, relaxed attitude caused Yunmo Banner to burn with fury, while Xuanqing Banner was filled with high spirits.

"I'll go!" Another Ten Meridians cultivator leaped out and charged at Ling Han. However, he would only be delivering himself up to be defeated.

"Next." Ling Han didn't say anything extravagant, and his expression was extremely calm. However, it was this kind of uncaring display that caused the people of Yunmo Banner to feel greatly humiliated.

In Ling Han's eyes, could they be considered a match at all?

You are really too condescending.

"Ah!" A person rushed out with a roar, yet was easily sent flying with a palm strike from Ling Han.

He would again deal with the next one with a single palm strike.

After a consecutive seven people, Zhu Lang finally stepped out, faced the people of Yunmo Banner and said, "Ten Meridians and even Eleven Meridians can't possibly be a match for him, because I was defeated by him in a single move."

He really didn't want to see his comrades being defeated one after another, so he revealed the scandal of him being instantly defeated by Ling Han in front of everyone.

What?!

Had Zhu Lang really been defeated by this young man?

Ten Meridians against Ten Meridians, instantly defeated with a single move?

'This!'

The people of Yunmo Banner all fell silent. Even Zhu Lang had been defeated, so who in the same cultivation level could be a match for Ling Han?

Ling Han's eyes swept over them, "Next!"

But this time, no one else from Yunmo Banner came out to fight.

"Those who are Twelve Meridians, come out." Ling Han crooked a finger at them. "I don't mind."

The people of Yunmo Banner remained silent for a while longer. Only then did a man in his thirties walk out. There was a long scar at the corner of his lips, and his hair was disheveled, looking like he was a maniac.

"Luo Zaiyuan." He pointed at himself, "I will only use ten moves. If you can block them, then it would be considered that our Yunmo Banner has lost today!"

"Captain Luo!" The people of Yunmo Banner all exclaimed in shock.

"En?" Luo Zaiyuan glanced at everyone, "You guys don't believe me?"

Everyone stopped talking. This Luo Zaiyuan was known as Yunmo Banner's number one God of War, and among Twelve Meridians, he could be considered one of the top elites.

If Luo Zaiyuan was also unable to defeat Ling Han, then unless the Banner Lord was dispatched, there would be no one in the entire army that could be a match for Ling Han. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

The problem was, if it was only limited to ten moves, wasn't that too little?

Luo Zaiyuan strode out. His figure was really tall, about seven feet tall. He was so sturdy that he was at least as wide as three Ling Hans. The moment he walked out, his figure instantly cast a long shadow.

The difference in size was too obvious. In front of him, Ling Han looked like a child.

"Ten moves." Luo Zaiyuan said solemnly, "I won't bully you either."

The fact that a Twelve Meridians was fighting a Ten Meridians was already bullying them to the point that they could be no more bullied than that. However, who asked that there was really no one under the Twelve Meridians that could restrain Ling Han?

Ling Han smiled calmly, "Whatever."

Luo Zaiyuan took a deep breath. Pu, pu, pu. All the veins in his body pulsated, releasing a powerful sound. It was as if there was a monster hidden in his body that was about to break out of his body.

His hands actually turned crimson red, with steam rising from them.

"Crimson Flame Palm!"

"Captain Luo has used his strongest move!"

"This is a secret technique that Captain Luo obtained from an ancient site. Its might is boundless."

"No wonder Captain Luo said the limit of ten moves. This is actually no different from a hundred or a thousand moves."

The people of Yunmo Banner were all excited. That god-like strongest captain of theirs was about to show his might.

Ling Han smiled faintly. This Crimson Flame Palm might be very powerful, but it was obvious that Luo Zaiyuan wasn't able to unleash its full might. Otherwise, there should be flames entwined around his hands, and not just heat.

"Charge!" Luo Zaiyuan roared as he charged over.