Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3159 Protecting her own people

Luo Zaiyuan's physique was astonishing, and as he charged forward, it was as if a massive beast was barrelling towards him. Merely this aura alone was enough to scare a great many people to death.

"Scram!" he roared loudly. Clapping his palms together, he delivered a palm strike at Ling Han.

Boom, endless power rolled out, turning into a powerful gust of wind.

This attack was a little strong.

Ling Han used the Four Directional Fists to greet his opponent.

Peng!

In an exchange of blows, Ling Han's figure instantly slid back, while Luo Zaiyuan stood proudly like a mountain.

Ling Han took three steps back, then two steps back. Then, he took another twenty plus steps back.

This brawny man had attained the sixth layer in terms of power overlap.

Ling Han was surprised. Up until now, this was the person with the most layers of power overlapping that he had seen.

Four Directional Fists couldn't win.

Ling Han thought internally. Four Directional Fists could only stack two overlapping layers of power, and his raw power was not as strong as Luo Zaiyuan's. Thus, if he used the Four Directional Fists against his opponent, he would be at a complete disadvantage.

He didn't want to expose the Demonic Monkey Fists, but he wasn't one to accept defeat. He clearly could win, so why should he lose on purpose?

Let's do it!

"Good one, Captain Luo!"

Seeing that Luo Zaiyuan had gained the upper hand with a single strike, the people from Yunmo Banner all shouted loudly, cheering him on.

One of the people from the Xuanqing Banner mocked, "It's just a matter of a Twelve Meridians bullying a Ten Meridians. What is there to be so proud of?"

The two sides were embroiled in a war of words, and Luo Zaiyuan also launched another attack, racing towards Ling Han.

Ling Han charged forward nimbly, actively parrying the attack. The Demonic Monkey Fists was used, and he superimposed seven overlapping layers of power.

Peng, peng, peng, peng!

He clashed with Luo Zaiyuan. It was clearly just a single blow, yet it was as if they had exchanged six to seven blows in an instant, with sharp sounds ringing out endlessly.

Ling Han was sent backwards, but Luo Zaiyuan was also sent backwards.

Everyone was instantly confused. Who exactly was on the upper hand?

Of course, only the two people involved knew best. Luo Zaiyuan's expression was filled with seriousness. He was a peak stage Twelve Meridians, and his power was as high as 50,000kg. Ling Han was naturally no match for him, and there was a gap of about a few thousand kg between them.

The problem was that Ling Han's layers of power overlap had surpassed his. Thus, in the previous six waves of clashes, he had gained the upper hand, but he had not thought that Ling Han would actually be able to fire out the seventh layer of power overlap, which instantly caused him to retreat continuously.

Hiss, seven overlapping layers of power!

An expression of shock appeared on his face. It should be known that it was also because he had accidentally obtained the secret technique, Crimson Flame Palm, that he had been able to use six overlapping layers of power. This already made him practically invincible among the four banners.

But now, a person had appeared, and in terms of compounding layers of power, he had actually surpassed him.

'This!'

Could he defeat his opponent within ten moves?

Difficult, as difficult as ascending the heavens.

Ling Han released a battle cry, and took the initiative to attack. He had never been the type to take a beating passively.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

He and Luo Zaiyuan battled fiercely, and in practically the blink of an eye, the two of them had already exchanged ten moves.

However, Ling Han had no intention of stopping. Luo Zaiyuan naturally couldn't stand there and take a beating. Thus, the two of them were still fighting very fiercely.

Was seven overlapping layers of power still not enough to deal with it?

Ling Han shouted lightly, and overlapped his power to the eighth layer.

Instantly, it was clear that he had the upper hand.

Ling Han had to deal with his opponent as soon as possible. Meridian Opening Tier elites could only attack with their full strength for two hours. Even if his meridians were wider, and he could store more mystical power, with eight times acceleration of expenditure, he would only be able to last for just over twenty minutes.

Thus, he had to deal with Luo Zaiyuan as soon as possible.

Ling Han burst out again. If eight overlapping layers of power were still unable to achieve a quick victory, then he would use nine overlapping layers of power.

This burst of power from an additional overlapping layer of power was equivalent to having an additional Twelve Meridians attacking him. This was definitely no joke.

Boom!

This kind of burst of power was not something that Luo Zaiyuan could match. He just barely managed to last over a dozen moves, before he was struck by Ling Han's punch. He stumbled back more than a dozen steps, a trace of blood at the corner of his lips.

He had lost, Luo Zaiyuan had lost.

All of a sudden, the entire Yunmo Banner fell silent.

It should be known that Ling Han was only a Ten Meridians, and still had a massive room for growth. Now that Luo Zaiyuan had lost, it meant that for a very, very long time, it was impossible that there would be another Meridian Opening Tier that could threaten Ling Han.

In fact, it could be said that Ling Han was already invincible in Meridian Opening Tier. As long as one didn't advance into Blood Transformation Tier, there would be no one at the same cultivation level as him.

How could they not feel such dejection as if they had lost their parents?

On the other hand, the people from Xuanqing Banner all roared in excitement. All of them looked as if they had been pumped full of adrenaline. This was really exalting. They had never felt so good before.

"Ling Han!"

"Captain Ling!"

This seemed to have become the base camp of the Xuanqing Banner. It was filled with the roars of the Xuanqing Banner warriors.

"What are you shouting for? So noisy!" The people from Yunmo Banner were already displeased, so they were naturally even more infuriated upon hearing this.

"Can't we? We're so happy." The people from Xuanqing Banner were still excited, so how could they stop?

"F***!"

Someone couldn't bear it any longer, and threw out a rock.

"You dare to make a move?"

"Beat him up!"

Boom, the situation immediately became irresolvable. At first, it was only a battle between a few people, but very quickly, it turned into a great battle royale.

More than a hundred people had gotten into a gang fight, and all of them were Ten Meridians at least. When their power was released, they could easily injure others. The scene was really chaotic.

Ling Han let out a battle cry. Group battles were his favorite activity.

"Stop!" After at least ten minutes, a voice filled with majesty and fury rang out. It was like thunder, causing everyone's ears to ring. Then, their blood boiled, as if their heads were about to explode.

Instantly, everyone stopped. There were even some whose eyes were bleeding.

A man leaped over from the distance. He looked to be in his forties, and his expression was slightly sinister. He was wearing a tight-fitting white suit, and it could be seen that there was a blood-like aura boiling on his body.

An elite of Blood Transformation Tier!

"Greetings, Banner Lord!" The people from Yunmo Banner all knelt down.

Although the members of the Xuanqing Banner didn't kneel, they all lowered their heads slightly. This was a necessary respect for elites. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

This was the Banner Lord of Yunmo Banner, Ji Xiuyu.

"Are you trying to rebel?" Ji Xiuyu asked coldly. His voice wasn't loud, yet it was enough to make people feel discomfort in their chests. It was as if all the blood in their bodies were about to boil.

Blood Transformation Tier elites were too strong; this was a kind of qualitative suppression.

"You actually dare to cause trouble in the base camp, you guys are really outrageously bold!" He swept an eye over all of them, "Xuanqing Banner, what is going on with you guys?"

"It's just a spar, so what need is there for Banner Lord Ji to make such a fuss?" A gentle and melodious voice rang out, and Lian Xuerong's figure appeared as well. She was standing in front of Ji Xiuyu. Wrapped in tight-fitting attire, her figure was shapely and curvaceous.

"You call this sparring?" Ji Xiuyu pointed at the crowd, and many people were bleeding and battered.

"If it's not sparring, then what is it?" Lian Xuerong said coldly. She turned her head, and said to the people of Xuanqing Banner, "You guys have a lot of free time, right? Looks like I haven't drilled you guys hard enough! Scram back with me immediately, and in the next ten days, your daily training will double."

Tsk, she was so protective of her own people. When such a huge matter was spoken from her mouth, it was like the two teams were just playing house.

Hearing these words, the people from Xuanqing Banner all looked bitter. Their training volume had doubled; they were going to have a hard time.