Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3160 Penalty

"What are you standing around for? Get lost!" Lian Xuerong said with a cold expression.

The people of the Xuanqing Banner hurriedly retreated. Lian Xuerong had absolute authority in their hearts.

Ling Han followed behind. At this time, he had best not stand out.

After returning to Xuanqing Banner, not long after, Lian Xuerong returned. Her expression was cold, and she shouted harshly, "All of you come here!"

All the team members walked out, all of them as obedient as children.

"How dare you all, to actually run over Yunmo Banner for a gang fight. Humph, why don't you all just go straight to the heavens then?" Lian Xuerong rebuked coldly.

No one spoke, all of them with their heads bowed.

"What is it? Now you know fear?" Lian Xuerong said. She swept an eye over everyone, and the expression on her face gradually eased, as she continued, "However, in the end, you have not embarrassed our Xuanqing Banner!"

"Of course, we can all fight!" Everyone immediately became lively again.

"Banner Lord, we will definitely not embarrass you!"

"All of us are fierce, every single one capable of fighting ten people."

However, after Lian Xuerong's pretty face stiffened, everyone fell silent again.

In the Xuanqing Banner, she had absolute authority.

"Tell me, what exactly is going on?" she asked.

A deputy captain walked over and explained the whole story.

Lian Xuerong looked towards Ling Han, a hint of surprise flickering in her eyes. She had not thought that Ling Han would actually be so powerful. Not only had he defeated Zhu Lang, he had even defeated Luo Zaiyuan.

What a freakish freak.

Previously, she had appointed Ling Han as deputy captain, out of admiration for Ling Han's talent. It was also on a whim, and she had not thought too much about it, but this time, she was really stunned.

This brat was worthy of focused nurturing.

"All right, all of you go out for training. By evening, if anyone still has the strength to stand, from tomorrow onwards, the training volume will increase tenfold!" Lian Xuerong said coldly.

Everyone was listless, and began to train. However, as they fought, ran, and jumped, a smile slowly appeared on everyone's faces. Then, they became more and more excited.

Today… was really too awesome!

"Ling Han, follow me!" Lian Xuerong said again.

Sigh, he couldn't escape.

Ling Han could only follow Lian Xuerong and enter her commander's tent in the camp.

"You're very good at fighting, aren't you?" Lian Xuerong asked with a faint smile.

Ling Han didn't know what she meant, so he simply smiled, and said, "Not too bad, not too bad."

"In another month, there will be a martial arts tournament held in the city, and you will represent Xuanqing Banner in the tournament," Lian Xuerong said. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Ling Han was surprised. There was actually no punishment, and he was only asked to participate in some martial arts tournament? He chuckled, "Then if I get first place, what kind of reward would there be?"

Lian Xuerong couldn't help but laugh in spite of herself. "You don't even know who your opponents are, and you're already thinking of rewards?"

"Er, I have always been more confident," Ling Han said, slightly embarrassed.

Lian Xuerong was speechless. After a while, she said, "This is a gathering that is held every year in Huju City. Getting first place is more of an honour. However, it's not without rewards, but it's different every year, so I don't know either."

"However, among your opponents, there are a few freaks that are quite extraordinary. The one ranked number one also has the ability to battle an opponent with a cultivation level that is superior to him by two cultivation levels."

Only now did Ling Han's expression change slightly. There was actually someone who could battle against an opponent with a cultivation level surpassing two cultivation levels?

A strong fighting spirit rose up in him. He really wanted to fight with this person.

Lian Xuerong saw the fighting spirit on his face, and couldn't help but think, 'What kind of battle maniac is this guy? After learning of this kind of opponent, not only does he not feel the slightest bit of pressure, his fighting spirit actually soared?'

She continued, "This person is already a Twelve Meridians. It's said that he can now advance into Blood Transformation Tier. It's completely because of this tournament that he didn't break through."

A Twelve Meridians, and also possessed freakish abilities that could fight with a gap of two cultivation levels, so how was he supposed to defeat them?

Could Ling Han reach Twelve Meridians in a month?

No, this, this was possible!

"Are there any restrictions in this tournament?" Ling Han asked. "For example, can formations be used as support?"

Do you really think you are a Formation Master?

Lian Xuerong shook her head and said, "You can't use Talisman Weapons, nor can you use high-level God Tools. However, you can use formations."

After all, in that little bit of time spent on the tournament stage, what formations could you set up?

Hence, if you really could put it out, that would be your skill, and it would have to be recognized.

Ling Han nodded. In this way, he would have a chance of winning.

"Banner Lord, can I ask for leave to prepare for next month's competition?" Ling Han asked. He wanted to spend more time on formations, and not waste time on drills.

Lian Xuerong thought for a moment, then said, "All right, but if you can't get into the top four, I'll make you double the amount of training in the following month."

"All right," Ling Han nodded. She was really underestimating him too much. He was aiming for first place.

He was just about to leave, when he turned around and asked, "How is Sect Master Sun?"

"He's fine. He's currently recuperating, and should need around a month's time," Lian Xuerong said casually.

Only then did Ling Han leave.

He had already asked for leave here, so Ling Han didn't feel much pressure. He began to study formations earnestly.

He persevered in cultivating his spiritual power with the Divine Intent Disc every day, improving every day. This was just the beginning, so his improvement was very fast.

Ten days later, he was already able to walk out of the labyrinth with the white dot on the Divine Intent Disc. After succeeding, the Divine Intent Disc continued to emit a white light, as if it was telling the people around him that someone here had completed the test for the Divine Intent Disc.

And as his spiritual power increased greatly, Ling Han finally managed to create that psychedelic formation.

With a casual toss, nine formation foundations were distributed around him. He then stimulated them with his mental energy, and instantly, the formation was activated.

"Huan Xue," he called.

"Young Master, what's wrong— yi, where are you, Young Master?" Huan Xue entered the room. It was obvious that Ling Han was standing opposite her, but she overlooked him as if Ling Han wasn't there at all.

Ling Han was surprised. This psychedelic formation also had an invisibility function?

He walked out of the formation, yet gave Huan Xue a scare, and she patted her chest hard.

With such a heavy smack, would her chest really not break?

"You walk forwards," Ling Han said.

Huan Xue walked in a daze. To say nothing of the fact that this was a room, even if it was really a mountain of blades and a sea of flames in front of her, she would still step in without hesitation.

"Yi, Young Master, why can't I see clearly!" Inside the psychedelic formation, Huan Xue spread open her arms, as if she had entered an extremely dark environment alone. Nothing could be seen clearly.

"It's fine," Ling Han said. He stepped forward to put away the formation foundations, and instantly, Huan Xue was out in the open again.

"Young Master, what happened just now?" Her face was filled with confusion.

"A mere formation," Ling Han said.

"Formation?" Huan Xue was still confused.

Ling Han gave a simple explanation, and Huan Xue immediately gave an 'oh'. "So Young Master spends all his time fiddling with that whatever disc for the sake of cultivating formations! I've always wondered what's so interesting about that little white dot swaying here and there."

Yi?

Ling Han looked at the little handmaiden, a hint of surprise on his face.