Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3161 Jealousy

"You can sense the white dot, and stimulate it?" Ling Han asked.

"Yes." The little female attendant nodded, looking confused.

Ling Han was surprised. This little handmaiden had actually developed spiritual power? Yi, could it be that he had picked up a hidden gem?

"Take it." Ling Han tossed the Divine Intent Disc over to Huan Xue. "I'll give you a mission. Move that white dot every day. When you can push it out of the circular plate one day, tell me."

"Oh." Huan Xue nodded. She didn't know why Ling Han wanted her to do this, but since it was Young Master's command, she naturally could only obey.

Ling Han smiled. Who knows, he might be able to nurture a little female attendant that was skilled in martial arts, alchemy, and formations. In that case, who knew how many people would be scared to death.

"Let's go and take a look at "There's a Formations Shop". Since I want to refine formations, there should be suitable formation foundations and materials for sale there."

"Additionally, I should get another book on formations, and the best would be one on killing formations."

He went out and headed towards "There's a Formations Shop".

…

In the city, at the Flower Blossom Pavilion.

This was the highest grade entertainment venue in the city, a famous establishment for money-squandering. It was said that if one entered through this door, it was impossible to leave without spending more than a thousand Dark North Coins.

And in the most expensive private room of the Flower Blossom Pavilion, the Emperor's Pavilion, three young people were drinking. Each of them had a beautiful woman by their side. These women were all astonishingly beautiful, and could sing and dance well.

"Hey, I say, Young Master Jun, haven't you gone to the Xuanqing Banner to look for that Banner Lord recently?" the yellow-robed young man asked. The beautiful woman beside him was feeding him wine.

"Don't talk about it." The man called Young Master Jun shook his head. He was tall and sturdy, and his face was also very handsome. However, there was an air of arrogance between his brows, which made him appear overbearing and arrogant.

"What is it?" The other green-robed young man asked.

Young Master Jun shook his head, and said, "I've been locked up by Master for the past two months, and he insisted that I master a formation before I could come out."

Hearing these words, the other two young men looked envious.

"Young Master Jun, you really know how to show off! If I also had the talent to learn formations, I would have pounced on it long ago," the yellow-robed young man said.

"However, I heard that a great event happened in the Xuanqing Banner recently," the young man in green said slowly.

"What is it?" Young Master Jun asked.

"Xuanqing Banner and Yunmo Banner got into a gang fight," the young man in green said.

"Really?" The yellow-robed young man asked first, his expression filled with interest, "Tell me, what is going on?"

The green-robed young man said, "I heard that a prodigy cultivator has appeared in Xuanqing Banner. Not only did he defeat Zhu Lang, but he even went to Yunmo Banner to issue a challenge. In the end, it is said that because his attitude was bad, it led to a battle royale."

"Tsk, he can even defeat Zhu Lang?" The yellow-robed young man was surprised. "Amongst Ten Meridians, that brat's strength can be considered top-notch."

"It is only just among Ten Meridians." Young Master Jun took a sip of wine and said disdainfully.

"That's right. He is but a mere martial artist, how could he possibly compare to Young Master Jun, an Elementary Level formation master like you?" The green-robed young man smiled, then paused, "However, I heard that even the Banner Lord is extremely protective of this subordinate of hers. Not only did she not reprimand or punish him, she was instead worried that he would be injured, and had him take a long leave."

Pa!

A crisp sound rang out, and the glass cup in Young Master Jun's hand had already been shattered. The shards stabbed into his hand, but because the skin of a cultivator was tough, they were unable to pierce through his skin.

"Really?" He looked towards the green-robed young man, his eyes filled with killing intent.

The young man in green nodded, "Of course it's real. You could just ask anyone from Xuanqing Banner?"

Young Master Jun could no longer be bothered to drink. He pushed the beauty in his arms aside, and strode off.

Lian Xuerong was the exclusive property that he had his eye on for a long time, and now someone actually dared to compete with him — whether that brat was doing it intentionally or unintentionally, even if it was just Lian Xuerong having one-sided feelings for him, that was not allowed.

"I say, Zuo Jian, is it really good for you to deliberately provoke him like this?" the yellow-robed young man asked.

The green-robed young man, Zuo Jian, chuckled and said, "That brat called Ling Han has extraordinary abilities. With him around, I don't have the confidence to enter the top four in next month's tournament."

"Good one, Zuo Jian, how despicable!" The yellow-robed young man sighed with emotion, "With Yan Jun's petty nature, he would definitely keep an eye on that brat. One month's time would be enough for him to torment that brat half to death, and by then, you would have one less competitor." Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Zuo Jian broke into a smile, looking very bright. Who would have thought that he would have so easily incited a battle just now?

On the other hand, when Yan Jun went to Xuanqing Banner to ask, it was indeed as Zuo Jian had said. Ling Han had led the way to cause trouble, but in the end, he did not receive any punishment.

"Captain Ling is really good, showing off our might and venting our anger!"

"In the whole world, aside from our Banner Lord, I only submit to Captain Ling!"

"Does Banner Lord Lian treat Captain Ling well?"

"That's for sure. They're a perfect match."

"I heard that on the way here, Captain Ling was even cradling the things that our Banner Lord gave him without eating, drinking or even sleeping. It can be seen that he's infatuated, right?"

There were some things that Yan Jun had found out himself, and there were some that he had sent someone to find out. The information that came back to him made him furious.

There was really someone who dared to have designs on his woman?

This was intolerable!

He wanted to immediately find Ling Han, but because Ling Han wasn't in Xuanqing Banner, and not many people knew where Ling Han lived, he could only temporarily suppress the urge to make trouble with Ling Han.

However, Lian Xuerong had specially arranged accommodations for Ling Han in the city?

Humph, are you hiding a "beauty" in your golden house?

This Ling Han, in the end, would still have to return to the barracks, and by then… humph!

…

Ling Han walked all the way to "There's a Formations Shop", then walked in.

It was still that old man, and he still looked indifferent. How was he supposed to do business like this?

"Old man, is your shop selling the ingredients for the formation foundations?" Ling Han asked.

"En?" Niu Huaqing raised his head, and glanced at Ling Han, "You are going to create formation foundations?"

"That's right," Ling Han replied.

Niu Huaqing thought for a moment, then took out a circular plate from the drawer and placed it on the top of the drawer. "Test your spiritual power, so I can make sure you don't waste my ingredients."

This was a Divine Intent Disc.

Without developing spiritual power, taking formation materials would only be a waste.

Ling Han nodded, "All right."

He picked up the Divine Intent Disc and activated it with his mental power.

This white dot could only be seen, or rather sensed, by those who possessed Spiritual Power. That was because even if Ling Han closed his eyes, he could still clearly sense its existence.

After only a short while, the Divine Intent Disc emitted a white light.

"Yi!" This time, Niu Huaqing was slightly moved. "I never thought that the strength of your mental power has already reached the Elementary Level, brat."

What Elementary Level?

Ling Han wore a confused expression.

"I am really playing the lute to a cow." Niu Huaqing shook his head, and explained, "According to the difference in strength of spiritual power, Spiritual Power can be divided into four levels. The lowest level is Elementary Level, then Middle Level, then High Level, and finally, Grandmaster Level."