Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3162 Running errands

Elementary Level, was this considered a high or low level?

Niu Huaqing's interest was piqued, and he asked, "Brat, when did you start cultivating Spiritual Power?"

'When?'

It should have been more than a month ago.

Ling Han told him the truth, and when Niu Huaqing heard this, he instantly revealed a shocked expression.

It had only been a month? A little more than a month.

"Are you sure?" the old geezer emphasized.

Ling Han turned around to look at the old geezer. The two of them were completely unrelated, so was there any need for him to deceive the boss of a formations shop? 'Looking at how laidback you are, just how much business would there be in the shop? Would you be able to cheat me out of my money?'

Niu Huaqing, on the other hand, broke into a smile. He continued, "Have you studied the formation that I gave you previously?"

Ling Han nodded, "That's why I want to buy the ingredients for the formation foundations."

Niu Huaqing shook his head and said, "You really don't know how expensive things are. The materials used for formation foundations are expensive, and it would be too much of a waste for you to use them to practice."

Ling Han smiled. As it turned out, the old geezer was also thinking for the sake of his wallet. He said, "Don't worry about that. I've already practiced it."

"Yi, you have even succeeded in practicing it?" Niu Huaqing was surprised, "Where is it engraved? Have you brought it?"

Ling Han shook his head. How could he possibly bring it with him?

"Bring it here, let this old man see. If you really succeed, the ingredients in this old man's shop are freely available for you to choose from. I'll give them for free," Niu Huaqing said.

Ling Han was surprised. Why did this old geezer have to go so far? Did he have a lot of money to burn?

"Go! Go and get it!" Niu Huaqing waved his hand dismissively, "If you don't get it, nothing here will be sold to you." Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

'F***, you are really wilful.'

Ling Han had no choice but to go back and bring over the formation foundations that he had created.

Niu Huaqing took it over and examined it carefully. He even stroked it with his hand. His expression was one of intoxication, as if it was his lover. Ling Han got goosebumps just looking at him.

"Not bad, truly not bad." He revealed a smile. "In just a few short days, you can combine the patterns of formations and draw them into shape. You can be considered a genius of formations!"

At first, he had wanted to say prodigy, but after thinking about it, he couldn't praise him too much, lest Ling Han become too proud.

"I'm a man of my word. You can choose any of the ingredients in this shop," Niu Huaqing said. "However, if you want to refine this kind of Elementary Level Illusion Formation, you don't have to use high-grade ingredients. This kind of Ironheart Magnet is enough."

The old geezer retrieved a pile of black rocks of varying sizes. They didn't look attractive at all.

Seeing Ling Han's expression of disgust, the old geezer laughed loudly, and said, "Brat, you don't understand. The more natural this thing is, the more it is one with the heaven and earth and nature. If you throw it onto the ground, can you tell what difference it has with a piece of mud?"

There really wasn't any. This was like a piece of coal.

"This is the Formation Patterns Blade, which can be easily used to inscribe formation patterns." Niu Huaqing took out a small dagger with a very long handle, and handed it over to Ling Han. "Come, create it on the spot. I want to see it with my own eyes."

Ling Han didn't mind. The old geezer had gifted him the formation manual, and now the materials and tools were the same. He had nothing to keep secret from the old man.

In any case, he was going to create formation foundations, so what did it matter where he created them?

"Alright."

He took the dagger, and picked up a black stone. Needless to say, this thing was very heavy. The moment he touched it, he actually felt its weight.

From this, it could be seen that the old geezer really hadn't used ordinary rocks to trick him.

Ling Han's expression became serious, and he began to carve formation patterns.

Whether it was practicing with the Divine Intent Disc or creating formation foundations, it was a way to temper one's spiritual power.

It was very simple. Just like muscles, they would naturally improve when they were exhausted.

In a short while, he had created the first formation foundation.

Niu Huaqing immediately took it over and examined it closely. A smile appeared on his face, and he said, "Although this is your first time creating it, so your technique is a little rusty and the marks are very strong, it's still your first time creating it. It's truly amazing to have such a performance."

He waited quietly for Ling Han to create all nine formation foundations, then said, "Set up the formation foundations."

Ling Han nodded, and laid out the formation foundations. There was a need for care. The distance and angle between each formation foundation and the other formation foundation was extremely strict. Otherwise, it would affect the extraction and manipulation of the power of heaven and earth.

After the formation was set up, Ling Han activated them with his spiritual power. These were formations that he had created himself. His spiritual power was connected, and the formation immediately channeled.

"Alright, try striking the formations with your palm," Niu Huaqing said from the sidelines.

Ling Han followed his instructions and shot out a punch. He didn't use much force, but it was still a few thousand kilograms. However, even if he released his power which touched the formation foundations, these nine black rocks didn't move at all.

Yi?

Ling Han increased his power, but the formation foundations still didn't move at all. Only when he increased his power to 25,000kg did the formation foundations finally move.

However, the strange thing was that when one piece moved, the other eight pieces would also move at the same time. Whether it was in terms of distance or angle, they were all exactly the same. It was equivalent to moving the entire formation a certain distance towards a certain direction.

'Heh, this is interesting. How can it be that the formations won't be damaged under the weight of power? Instead, they can only move?'

In this way, it undoubtedly made formations even more practical. Otherwise, as long as one had 25,000 kilograms of strength, he would be able to damage the formations even with just a careless strike.

Pa, pa, pa. Niu Huaqing clapped his hands, and said, "Brat, not bad, not bad at all."

Ling Han smiled, and said, "Uncle, this time, I want to learn a formation technique that mainly focuses on killing… or the kind that can equalize the cultivation levels of both sides."

Niu Huaqing rolled his eyes, and said, "To equalize the cultivation level of both sides, that is a Grandmaster Level formation. In the entire Dark North Nation, there are no more than three people that have the ability to create it. Could you be any greedier, brat?"

"Moreover, there are too many formation patterns that formations like this have that need to be inscribed, and the formation foundations needed are in the hundreds. It belongs to the category of large-scale formations."

"Brat, could it be that you want to carry it with you and use it to level out your cultivation level so you could battle with others?"

Had he been seen through?

Ling Han sighed. Was it really that obvious on his face?

"Here, this is a killing formation. It poses a considerable threat to even Blood Transformation Tier elites. However, if you want to set it up successfully, you would at least have to develop Middle Level spiritual power." But when Niu Huaqing saw that Ling Han was about to take over the formation, he withdrew his hand, "However, you have to run an errand for this old man."

"Run where?" Ling Han asked.

"Go to the Formations Association and find a brat called Gu Tianhe. Tell him that I was the one who sent you," Niu Huaqing said.

Ling Han gritted his teeth, and said, "Just say that you were the one who sent me over. There is no need to say what for?"

"When that brat knows that I was the one who sent you over, he naturally knows," Niu Huaqing said with a smile.

Ling Han kept feeling that the old geezer's smile was very strange, as if he had schemed against him.

However, what bad things could happen if he made a trip to the Formations Association?

"All right, I'll go." Ling Han nodded.

"Go on," Niu Huaqing said with a nod. He then tossed the book on formations over.

Ling Han caught it, and couldn't help but feel surprised. "Uncle, aren't you afraid that I'll go back on my word?"

"Would you?" Niu Huaqing asked in reply.

"No." Ling Han shook his head.

"Then it's settled," Niu Huaqing said boldly and confidently, looking at him like he was an idiot.

F*ck.