Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3163 Blocking the doorway

Ling Han put away the newly refined formation foundations, and left the old one in the shop. Niu Huaqing said that he wanted to take a look.

In any case, it was made of wood, and was already slightly damaged, because stimulating the power of heaven and earth itself was a massive pressure, so how could ordinary wood possibly bear it?

He had always been a man of his word. Thus, after leaving the formations shop, he walked towards the Formations Association.

It didn't matter if he didn't know the way. He could just ask anyone, as the Formations Association was quite well-known.

There were locomotives in the city that they could ride, although their speed was not as fast as when Ling Han was sprinting at full speed. Firstly, Ling Han was not in a rush, and secondly, there was no need for him to exert himself either, so why not take a ride?

Traveling by carriage to the Formations Association required two Dark North Coins, which wasn't cheap.

After Ling Han paid, he climbed down from the car and looked ahead.

In front of him was the Formations Association. This was a massive building. First, there was a flight of stairs, which was as tall as two floors. Then, there was a white-coloured hall, which was supported by massive pillars, making for a very grand sight.

There was practically no one entering or leaving this place. If it was not for the fact that there were four guards standing at the top of the steps, one would really wonder if this was a haunted house.

Ling Han ascended the stairs, and very soon, he had finished his journey. However, he was also stopped by those four people.

"Who are you? What business do you have here?" one of them asked, appearing to cherish his words like they were gold.

Ling Han smiled, and said, "My name is Ling Han, and I have come here to find a person called Gu Tianhe — there is this person, right?"

Yes, how could there not be? That person was the boss of this place!

The four guards exchanged looks. Had you taken the wrong medicine, brat? Coming here to ask if there was a person called Chairperson Gu here.

"Hehe, you want to see our Chairperson?" one of the guards asked, chuckling.

What, Gu Tianhe was actually the Chairperson of the Formations Association?

Ling Han gritted his teeth. Could it be that he had been tricked by that old geezer? He actually called Gu Tianhe a brat, making him think that he was a minor character in the Formations Association.

However, he was entrusted with a task, and being loyal, he continued, "Please report this to Chairperson Gu, and tell him that I was… er, sent by the boss of the "There's a Formations Shop"."

Pu!

The four guards almost spluttered in laughter. How many formations shops were there in the city? Which one had sent you here? You can't even speak poperly, and yet you still want to see the Chairperson?

Ling Han felt more and more like he had been screwed over by the old geezer. Wouldn't giving the shop such a strange name deliberately cause misunderstanding?

"That Formation Shop is called "There's a Formations Shop"," he said. "I'll have to trouble the four of you to pass on the message. Whether Chairperson Gu will meet me or not, it is up to him. I am not asking for too much."

He had only come to help Niu Huaqing. Now that he had arrived and the message had been passed on, his mission was completed. As for the rest, hehe, he didn't care.

"Apologies, Chairperson Gu is busy with many matters, and we dare not disturb him," the four guards all said thus.

What a joke. If everyone wanted to see Chairperson Gu, and they all went to make a report, then wouldn't Chairperson Gu be pestered to death? How would he still have the time to study formations?

"Please leave." They wanted to chase Ling Han away.

If these four people had gone to relay the message, and Gu Tianhe did not want to meet him, then Ling Han would not have continue to pester them. Instead, he would directly turn around and leave. However, since they did not proceed to report, then Ling Han felt like he had not completed his mission.

Thus, he argued strongly, asking the four of them to make an exception. No matter what, he had to deliver the message.

"What's the matter? Why are you making so much noise here?" A young man walked out of the great hall. He was dressed all in white, and had an elegant bearing.

"Young Master Jun!" The four guards hurriedly paid their respects, their expressions incredibly respectful. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

This was Yan Jun, Young Master Jun. His natural talent in formations was incredibly outstanding, and he was acclaimed as a formations prodigy that would only appear once every ten years. He was taken as disciple by Attendant Liu, and had already become a Elementary Level Formation Master in his early twenties!

A Formation Master. Having the title of "master" was already something.

There was another young man by Yan Jun's side. His name was Yang Ziqing, and he was a Young Master of the Yang Clan, a preeminent clan in the city. He had deliberately come to find Yan Jun to ask him to create a formation for him.

"This is the Formations Association after all, not a marketplace!" Yang Ziqing said in a haughty tone. Really, did they think that just about anyone was qualified to enter here?

Wouldn't that lower his status as well!

Ling Han looked towards Yang Ziqing. Though the four guards had been rejecting him previously, at least their attitude wasn't too bad. Thus, he did not get angry, but Yang Ziqing's attitude made him extremely displeased.

"What do you think you are?" he retorted directly.

"You dare insult me?" Yang Ziqing was furious.

"Oh, so you're not a thing then?" Ling Han asked with a smile.

"B@stard!" Yang Ziqing stomped his feet, angered by Ling Han's words.

"Young Master Jun, it's like this," one of the guards explained. "This person's name is Ling Han, and he requests an audience with the Chairperson."

Ling Han!

Yan Jun felt a jolt in his mind. He didn't hear anything that the guard said after that.

This person was Ling Han?

He looked at Ling Han, and asked, "Are you Ling Han of Xuanqing Banner?"

Yi, this guy knew him?

"That's right." Ling Han nodded.

Yan Junjun instantly revealed a menacing killing intent. This brat actually dared to snatch his woman. Most importantly, he had been pursuing Lian Xuerong for one or two years, but Lian Xuerong had always treated him coldly.

But now?

Lian Xuerong not only gifted things to Ling Han, but also publicly covered for him.

F***!

Yang Ziqing was observant, and immediately said, "Brat, this is not a place for you to behave atrociously. If you still don't get lost, I will not be polite to you."

Ling Han glanced at him, "You still want to use force?"

"We're not going to use force. We're just here to maintain order," Yang Ziqing said coldly.

Seeing that Yang Ziqing had taken the initiative to jump out, Yan Jun did not speak further. He wanted to kill Ling Han, but no matter how courageous he was, he would not dare to commit murder in public in the city.

The nation had its laws. If the other party was not a wanted criminal, then incapacitating or causing even death to the other, one would also have to pay a huge price for it as well.

Thus, if Yang Ziqing jumped out now, he would also be happy to have him take the vanguard, and teach Ling Han a lesson. Of course, he would definitely think of a way to kill Ling Han later.

He could not tolerate having another man in the heart of the woman he loved.

"Scram!" Yang Ziqing made a move, and delivered a slap at Ling Han.

He was an Eleven Meridians. The power of this attack was profound, and the strong wind generated caused the four guards to tremble, almost tripping over.

Anger appeared on Ling Han's face. Who had he offended?

He could tell that Yan Jun had a strong animosity towards him, and this Yang Ziqing was boot-licking him, so he hurriedly jumped out.

Did he think he was an easy target to bully?

Ling Han also delivered a slap. Pa, the force that Yang Ziqing had delivered was instantly disintegrated, and the power of Ling Han's strike did not decrease, and landed heavily on Yang Ziqing's face.

"Ah!" Yang Ziqing released a pained groan, and a red palm print instantly appeared on his face.

He was stupefied. He was an Eleven Meridians, and only a Twelve Meridians could slap him as they pleased.

This guy looked so young, but was actually an elite of Twelve Meridians?

He really could not believe it. Otherwise, he would not have been in such a haste to make his move.