Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3164 Counter-move and Checkmate

"Ling Han, you actually dare to be insolent in front of the Formations Association, how dare you!" Yan Jun spoke up, directly assigning a crime to Ling Han.

Ling Han looked at Yan Jun, and said, "Strange, I've never seen a b@stard like you before. Why are you biting me and not letting go?"

He had just arrived at Huju City, and didn't seem to have activated his halo of trouble. How did he become the target of others? Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

F***, b@stard?

Yan Jun looked furious. Was this brat mocking him?

——His woman had been snatched by the other party, so what else could he be but a b@stard?

Very well, you clearly know that Lian Xuerong is my woman, yet you still dare to make a move.

I'll kill you!

"Humph, you barged into our association, and even committed a crime. Do you know how serious the crime is?" he asked menacingly.

Ling Han laughed loudly, "You can eat whatever you want, but you can't speak irresponsibly. Who saw me barge in? However, there was a mad dog that wanted to bite me, so I gave it a kick to stop it from committing a crime."

Yang Ziqing was taken aback. F***, this guy actually called him a mad dog?

"Get lost, how could the Chairperson possibly see a reckless fool like you!" Yan Jun waved his hand dismissively. It was impossible for him to kill Ling Han here. He could only humiliate him a little.

Ling Han smiled faintly and said, "Oh, so you can represent Chairperson Gu."

These words were a little harsh. Gu Tianhe was a high-level Formation Master, and even the City Lord had to treat him with respect. What right did Yan Jun have to represent such a mighty figure?

Yan Jun humphed, "If any random person could pay respects to the Chairperson, then wouldn't the Chairperson be so busy to death? I am only screening on his behalf. You, are not worthy!"

"It's none of your business whether I'm worthy or not. All I want is to relay the message," Ling Han said calmly.

"Hmph, country bumpkin, scram!" Yan Jun said disdainfully.

He hoped that Ling Han would leave as soon as possible. Then, he would find out where Ling Han lived, and then hire an assassin to make Ling Han disappear forever.

"Hehe, you're overthinking things!" Ling Han ignored him. He would stand guard here, and he was sure that Gu Tianhe would definitely come out. At that time, he only had to relay Niu Huaqing's words to him, and the latter would be able to see him if he wanted to. If he didn't want to see him, then he would leave.

It was a very simple matter.

Yan Jun smiled coldly, "Still not giving up? If the Chairperson is willing to meet a country bumpkin like you, then the sun must have risen from the west."

Ling Han ignored him. He didn't know this guy, and if they wanted a fight, he would oblige.

Seeing Ling Han ignore him, Yan Jun couldn't help but feel even more furious.

This brat was actually putting on airs?

Was he deliberately provoking him?

Damn it!

"Guards, send him out!" he demanded coldly.

He was an Elementary Level Formations Master, and had boundless future prospects. The four guards were naturally very reverent towards him, and when they heard this, they all looked towards Ling Han.

"Please do not make things difficult for us," one of the guards said.

Ling Han cracked a smile, "I have a matter which required me to seek an audience with the Chairperson. It's fine if you guys don't announce it on my behalf, but you actually want to chase me away? I really want to see just how overbearing the Formations Association is."

"Oh, you really want someone to help you make your report?" Yan Jun revealed a cold smile, "All right, I can help you inform the Chairperson."

Yi, had this guy taken the wrong medicine?

To say nothing of Ling Han's disbelief, even the four guards and Yang Ziqing wore expressions of confusion. What the hell was this?

"However, you have to crawl between my legs first!" Yan Jun's legs separated slightly, his expression filled with disdain.

If it was the large black dog, he would definitely agree first. Then, he would pretend that he was going to worm his way in, and take advantage of the opening to make a move. Yes, he would have a vicious mouth, and bite Yan Jun's b@lls to pieces.

However, Ling Han wouldn't be so tasteless. He merely looked at Yan Jun, his heart filled with confusion. How exactly had he provoked this guy?

Though he had indeed activated the halo of trouble, which had an automatic effect of causing him to be taunted, but this was really too baffling. He had just arrived, and barely knew anyone, yet was actually treated with such animosity and hatred?

Strange.

But no matter what, his principles were very simple. He would thrash whoever dared to trifle with him. This Yan Jun had already been blacklisted by him.

"What's with all the noise?" A deep voice was heard from within the great hall, filled with authority. Subsequently, an old man walked out. Though his figure was slightly thin, he was hale and hearty in spirit.

"Chairperson!" When Yan Jun and the others saw him, they hurriedly bowed in respect.

Gu Tianhe, the Chairman of Huju City's Formations Association, a high-level Formation Master. He held an astounding position, and enjoyed a lofty status.

The man of the hour had arrived.

Ling Han hurriedly said, "Chairperson Gu, I've been entrusted by the boss of "There's a Formations Shop" to seek an audience with you."

This brat, not only did he not pay his respects when he saw Gu Tianhe, he actually said such inappropriate words?

Yang Ziqing and the others were confused, while Yan Jun smirked coldly. Very good. If he offended Gu Tianhe, then no one would be able to save him.

Yet Gu Tianhe was taken aback. What was going on here? Uncle Niu actually sent someone to see him?

"How dare you! You actually dare to act so insolent in front of the Chairperson? Are you seeking death?" Yan Jun seized the opportunity to immediately rebuke him.

Although he was a prodigy of the Formations Association, he didn't mind currying the favor of Gu Tianhe. After all, his master was only an Attendant, while Gu Tianhe was the Chairperson. They couldn't be compared at all.

"Shut up!"

Unexpectedly, his flattery had completely failed. Gu Tianhe's gaze was extremely sharp, as he glared angrily at him.

Yan Jun was dumbfounded. What was going on here?

"Little friend, follow me." Gu Tianhe waved at Ling Han. This was a person sent by Uncle Niu, so he naturally could not take him lightly.

Others might not know, but how could he not know? Niu Huaqing, was the person who had stirred up the winds and clouds in the past. Unfortunately, fate played around with people, causing that formations genius to become so dispirited.

Thus, since Uncle Niu had sent someone to look for him, it must be something extremely important.

He turned around and left.

Now, naturally, no one dared to stop Ling Han anymore. The Chairperson had spoken, so who would still be so blind?

Ling Han glanced at Yan Jun, shook his head, and said, "Chairperson Gu, I can't go in."

Gu Tianhe turned around and asked, "Why?"

"Someone said that if I want to enter, I have to crawl between his legs," Ling Han said.

"En?" Gu Tianhe immediately looked towards Yan Jun, Yang Ziqing and the others. Obviously, this must have been said by one of the six of them.

Yan Jun almost stomped his foot in fury. Why was this brat so vengeful?

He hurriedly said, "Chairperson, don't listen to his nonsense. I did not forbid him from entering. I only said that if he wanted to make a report on my behalf, he would have to go through my…" His voice became softer and softer, because he had come back to his senses. Ling Han had deliberately said wrongly, so that he could take the initiative to confess.

"How dare you!" Gu Tianhe flew into a thunderous rage. "Were you the one who created the Formations Association? That you could allow or not allow anyone to enter?!"

Yan Jun could only bow his head now, and allow Gu Tianhe to rain down curses on him.

Ling Han!

He gritted his teeth, clenching his fists tightly.