Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3168 Assassin, Killed

Ling Han returned to his residence. He first ingested a Mystical Power Pill, and after refining it, he fell asleep.

He was too tired.

Huan Xue had also ingested a Mystical Power Pill, and was currently channeling her cultivation to refine it. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

She had long since been taught the Xuanhuang Technique. Assisted by the cultivation technique and the Spirit Gathering Formation, her improvement was maintained at an astonishing speed, and she was now at Six Meridians.

This was mainly because the Xuanhuang Technique didn't temper mystical power very well, unlike Ling Han. The power extracted from the Spirit Gathering Formation and after refining, couldn't even reach one-third of that from a normal cultivation technique. It was too useless.

However, underlying Huan Xue's rapid advancement was her lack of battle prowess, only comparable to an ordinary Six Meridians.

This was actually already good enough.

The little handmaiden was presently cultivating. Because Ling Han had returned extremely late, by the time she had completely absorbed the medicinal effects of the Mystical Power Pill, it was already past three o'clock in the morning.

She yawned, and was just about to go to rest, when she suddenly discovered that the formation in the courtyard had been activated.

She was a bit of a natural airhead. At first, she was stunned, and tilted her head in thought. Then, her expression changed drastically.

Someone had barged in!

Otherwise, why would the formations activate?

Was it a thief?

Huan Xue's first reaction was to wake Ling Han up, but when she thought of the Young Master's exhausted expression when he returned, she immediately dismissed this thought. Instead, she drew her sword and said to herself, "I can't disturb Young Master's rest. I'll be the one to guard Young Master!"

She emphasized it a few times to boost her own confidence.

Then, wielding her sword, she walked into the courtyard.

Her movements weren't small, and they caused some commotion. However, she didn't need to worry about being heard by the people in the formation.

After entering this formation, one's brain would be deceived, and they would hear and see indescribable things. Then, as if they were trapped in a maze, they would not be able to walk out.

From the outside, the area covered by this formation was actually very small. They would be able to exit after taking a few consecutive steps.

With Ling Han's help, and added with the fact that Huan Xue's body had also cultivated spiritual power, she was naturally able to control this formation. That psychedelic effect was no longer effective on her. She could clearly see that there were two black-robed men in the formation. Their heads were covered, and they held shining long swords in their hands.

It wasn't a thief.

Huan Xue wasn't stupid, she was just a little slow to react. She immediately came to her senses. Thieves didn't need to use weapons, only bandits would. Moreover, this was Huju City, so where would the bandits come from?

Thus, there was only one possibility left. They had deliberately come to kill Ling Han.

They wanted to kill the Young Master?

Huan Xue instantly felt a strong fighting spirit rise up in her. At first, she was a little afraid, but now, she didn't feel anything at all. She only felt incredibly furious.

Someone actually wanted to harm her Young Master?

Die!

She approached, and delivered a sword strike.

Under the effects of the psychedelic formation, the senses of the two masked people were deceived, and they did not sense anyone approaching at all. Moreover, that she came equipped with a sword.

Needless to say, these two people were assassins sent by the Hell Organization. And as expected of someone with such a profession, they had an instinctive feeling about killing intent. When Huan Xue's sword was about to reach one of them, the masked person immediately reacted and hurriedly dodged.

However, it was still a little too late. The tip of the sword swept past, leaving behind a fairly deep wound on his waist.

"Wu!" That person released an exclamation of surprise.

However, beside him, his companion acted as if he had not seen or heard anything, which appeared extremely bizarre.

Huan Xue's hands trembled slightly, and her face was also a little pale. This was not her first time fighting, but it was the first time she had the thought of killing someone.

There was blood on the sword, and it exuded a fishy smell, making her feel like throwing up. However, when she thought of Ling Han, she immediately strengthened her resolve.

If anyone wanted to harm her Young Master, they would have to step over her corpse first, she thought.

Her resolve strengthened, and she struck again with her sword.

This time, it was a different person. Furthermore, her hand was even steadier. She stabbed out with her sword. It moved swiftly, accurately, and without hesitation, directly aiming for that person's back.

That person was completely unprepared, and when the long sword approached him, he suddenly came to his senses. However, it was already too late for him to dodge. He only had time to roar loudly, and swung his sword behind him.

However, being affected by the formations, even though he clearly wanted to draw his sword backwards, in the end, it pierced towards his left. As luck would have it, his companion was precisely at this position.

Previously, his companion had been struck by the sneak attack, and thus was incredibly alert at the moment. As such, when this strike came, his reaction speed was extremely fast, and he drew his sword in a timely manner, wanting to block this attack.

However, formations affected his divine sense. While he felt like he had parried this strike, the truth was otherwise.

Pu! Pu!

The other assassin's eyes widened, and he lowered his head to look at his chest. He saw the tip of his own blade, while another sword had been stabbed into his chest. He recognized this sword as that of his companion.

F***!

This thought flashed through his mind. With a tilt of his head, he died.

A dead person would not be affected by formations. He fell towards his companion, and landed right by the latter's feet.

The remaining assassin was also shocked, but when he finally saw the corpse of his companion, he couldn't help but pale in shock.

He had encountered an elite.

First, he had almost been struck, and then his companion had been silently stabbed to death. Clearly, the strength of his opponent far surpassed what was described in the information. They had been tricked.

Retreat!

He grabbed the corpse of his companion, then tossed out a rare treasure. This was a silver shuttle, and after he channelled it, it emitted a silvery light that surrounded him. Then, it sank into the ground, and xiu, he was gone.

Having no more living people in it, the formations immediately stopped channeling.

Had he fled?

Huan Xue was slightly displeased as she held her sword. One of them had actually fled.

However, in the next instant, she immediately recalled that she had killed someone. Her hand involuntarily shook. Ding, the long sword fell to the ground, and she leaned over to the side and vomited madly.

After a long while, she finally calmed down.

"I have no regrets!"

"Even if it happens again, not only will I kill someone, I won't let the other person escape either!"

"Everything I have is given to me by Young Master. I want to protect Young Master!"

The little female attendant thought resolutely.

A night passed, and Ling Han pushed open the doors and walked out. He soon noticed that Huan Xue was hugging a sword and napping in the courtyard.

Hearing the sound of the door opening, Huan Xue immediately jumped up, brandishing the sword in her hand as if she was facing a great enemy.

"Huan Xue, what is it?" Ling Han asked with a smile.

Huan Xue let out a sigh of relief when she heard his voice. She hurriedly related what had happened that night.

"Oh, assassins have come?" Ling Han's eyes focused on the courtyard. There was still a pool of blood that had not completely dried up within the formation.

He thought for a moment, and felt that there was no need to guess who the mastermind was.

It was likely either Yan Jun or Yang Ziqing, or it could just as likely be that the two of them were in cahoots to begin with.

It wasn't difficult to guess. Ling Han was only curious. What kind of enmity did he have with Yan Jun? Why was the latter so determined to target him?

"No matter what, this enmity has been formed."

He asked about the two assassins in detail, but the little handmaiden did not have much knowledge to begin with. She did not know anything at all, and only knew that they were two masked assassins.

"When that person left, he took out a silver shuttle?"

"This is a rare treasure that can break through formations."

Ling Han murmured, "Looks like I have to set up a killing formation."