Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3169 Improved Mystical Power Pill

"Young Master Jun, the assassination mission has failed," Yang Ziqing said with an expression of disbelief. He had just received the news through the optical computer, and had immediately come to inform Yan Jun.

Yan Jun was also taken aback. He put down his wine cup and asked, "How is that possible?"

The assassination success rate of the Hell Organization was extremely high, and there were very few times that they failed. He had not thought that they would actually be defeated by a country bumpkin?

"The authorities of the organization also said that the information we gave was wrong. The other party was not a single person, but rather a woman who was proficient in formations was protecting Ling Han. They sent out two silver-plated assassins, and in the end, one died and one was injured. They even wasted a rare treasure before fleeing back," Yang Ziqing said.

He paused, and said with a long face, "The Hell Organization also wants us to pay compensation."

"Us?" Yan Jun chuckled, "What does it have to do with me?"

'What?'

Yang Ziqing almost jumped up. How could you do this?

'You were clearly the one who wanted to commit murder, yet now there's a slip-up, and you're pushing all the blame onto me?'

You can't play around like this.

But when he recalled Yan Jun's identity, he could only suppress his anger, and said, "Young Master Jun, don't joke around! In order to help you complete this mission, I have already gone bankrupt."

Yan Jun chuckled coldly, but ignored him. Instead, he mumbled, "In the Hell Organization, only those who have reached the top grade can be bestowed a title. There are a total of three types of titles: Diamond, Gold, and Silver Medal."

"However, this did not mean that silver-plate assassins fell behind the diamond and gold assassins. A silver plate represents that they had the highest success rate for assassinating Meridian Opening Tier practitioners. Meanwhile, the gold assassin is the best at killing Blood Transformation Tier practitioners."

"Doesn't this mean that there's no one in the Meridian Opening Tier that can kill that guy?"

Yan Jun pondered for a moment. In other words, he should kill Ling Han as if he were a Blood Transformation Tier cultivator, but in this way, the price of assassination would increase exponentially.

Although he was a formations prodigy, he was only in his early twenties, after all, so what savings could he have?

Furthermore, did they think that practicing formations was cheap?

That was also a huge expense.

His savings were completely insufficient for the Hell Organization to send out assassins at the level of Blood Transformation Tier.

Did this mean he would have to let it go just like that?

How could that be allowed!

The moment he thought of the scene of Lian Xuerong and Ling Han together, flames of fury burned in his heart. No, he couldn't endure it.

Moreover, once Ling Han's leave was cancelled, he would move into Xuanqing Banner's base camp.

Would he still have the chance to kill Ling Han like this?

Moreover, once Ling Han entered the camp, wouldn't the adulterous couple be able to live together then? Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

Yan Jun spoke up, and said, "Ling Han, must die!"

"But—" Yang Ziqing wanted to clarify the situation objectively. He was out of money.

"I don't care what method you use. Go lend, steal, or snatch. In short, you must make the Hell Organization move again!" Yan Jun stared at Yang Ziqing, "I will also go and raise money, and after this matter, I will help you ascend to the position of Clan leader of the Yang Clan."

"Do as you see fit."

Yang Ziqing gritted his teeth, clapped his hands abruptly, and said, "Young Master Jun, I understand."

For the sake of the position of clan leader, he was going all out.

…

Now, Ling Han had many things to do. Aside from cultivating the Brother Monkey Cultivation Technique for half an hour every morning, he still had to practice his spiritual power, study formation patterns, and concoct alchemical pills, so he was extremely busy.

However, after ingesting one Mystical Power Pill after another, his cultivation progress was also extremely rapid.

Ordinarily speaking, one could only take one Mystical Power Pill a day, and there was not much benefit to taking more. That was because there were substantial traces of poison in the pill, and there would be medicinal sediment, which would block the meridians, thereby affecting normal cultivation. In fact, even one's abilities would be affected.

—Mystical power was stored in his meridians. If his meridians were blocked, how could he channel the power out?

Ling Han had only ingested one Mystical Power Pill, and with his supreme comprehension of alchemy, he soon made modifications to the pill recipe, thereby reducing the existence of medicinal dregs.

To say that there would be no medicinal dregs left behind at all was an impossible feat, unless the entire pill recipe was changed. That would be a project that demanded an entirely different level of effort.

In a mere three days, Ling Han had already completed the modification of the pill recipe. He had concocted a new batch of Mystical Power Pills, with the residue of the alchemical pill decreased to half of what it had been. This meant that he could take two Mystical Power Pills in a day, and they were even purer.

"I can sell off some of them. Money grows more money, and only then would it form a positive cycle," Ling Han mumbled to himself.

"Should I sell the original type, or the improved version?"

"Let's do the improved version."

The cost of this modified version of the Mystical Power Pill was actually slightly lower, because Ling Han had removed one medicinal ingredient, and decreased the portions of three medicinal ingredients. However, the effects had not decreased, but had instead increased. This was the strength of the Alchemy Emperor.

He took ten modified versions of Mystical Power Pills and set out, heading to the largest alchemical pill shop in the city.

"Customer, what medicine do you want to buy?" Immediately, a shop assistant approached.

Ling Han shook his head and said, "I'm not buying medicine. I want to sell medicine."

"Selling medicines?" The shop assistant was curious. Of course, the shop had to purchase stock, but no one had ever come to the shop to take the initiative to promote themselves.

Why?

It was simple. What alchemist wasn't extremely proud? Who would worry about not being able to sell alchemical pills and felt the need to personally come?

"En, selling alchemical pills." Ling Han took out a bottle, "This is the Mystical Power Pill. It has been modified, and the medicinal dregs have decreased by half. Not only has its effects not decreased, it has instead increased by about 10%."

"What!" The shop assistant got a scare.

He naturally knew what the Mystical Power Pill was. In this world, the number of low-level cultivators would definitely be the highest. Thus, among the alchemical pills he sold, the Mystical Power Pill was the most sought after.

A great many alchemists had thought of improving this pill recipe to decrease the medicinal dregs, but why had there never been an improved version of the alchemical pill this whole time?

That was because no one could do it.

Now, a young man had come over and said that there was an improved version of the Mystical Power Pill. How could they believe this?

A scammer?

The shop assistant didn't dare to confirm. He pondered for a moment, then said, "Please wait for a moment. I'll ask for instructions from our boss."

Ling Han smiled, and handed the bottle over, "You can take this along."

There was only one pill here. Since he was going to sell medicine, he naturally would not mind giving one to others for a taste.

"All right." The shop assistant took the bottle, turned and left.

Teng, teng, teng, he went up to the second floor.

"Yi, why are you so blind? Can't you see this young master?" A young man walked in, and when he saw Ling Han standing lazily, he couldn't help but feel angry.

Ling Han was baffled. Who had he offended by standing here?

He knew that he was good at attracting animosity, but he would never have thought that he would offend anyone just by standing there and waiting, right?

Forget it, ignore it

"Yi, you b@stard, do you not want to continue living here?" This young man was actually unwilling to give up, and directly walked over, looking very aggressive.

Ling Han finally understood. This guy thought of him as a shop assistant here, so when he didn't approach and serve him, this made him angry.

But was that really necessary?

"Scram!" he stated calmly. If others were not polite, there was naturally no need for him to be nice either.