Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3172 Meridian Exploration Pill

Mo Guohao was an alchemist, but at the same time, he was also a businessman.

In business, he naturally hoped to earn more money. However, he also knew that if Ling Han sent this modified version of Mystical Power Pill to other pharmacies, it would cause the customer flow of other pharmacies to spike.

The total number of customers was fixed. The sudden rise of customers for other stores would naturally decrease the flow of customers to the Mercy Medicine Hall.

Thus, this was something that had to be considered.

Moreover, though the sales ratio of Mystical Power Pills for Mercy Medicine Hall and other alchemists was three to two, an ordinary Mystical Power Pill would only be sold for 2000. In other words, with every single pill sold, the Mercy Medicine Hall would only obtain 500 Dark North Coins.

Going by that calculation, even though the profit ratio was disadvantageous to the Mercy Medicine Hall, it was actually quite profitable. Furthermore, it could increase the customer flow, and drive the profits of other alchemical pills as well. How profitable would that be?

Thus, Mo Guohao wasn't stupid at all.

Ling Han chuckled. To him, the pill completion rate was naturally 100%. On average, each cauldron would count as four pills. Then, the cost of 500 would earn him 16,000, which was naturally a huge profit.

"All right," he nodded.

Seeing Ling Han agree, Mo Guohao couldn't help but become even more enthusiastic. This was because Ling Han had become an extremely important business partner of his.

Seeing how Mo Guohao held Ling Han in such high regard, Pan Hu couldn't help but feel lucky. If he hadn't managed to catch up with Ling Han and convince him to come back, who knew how much Mo Guo Hao would scold him now.

"Boss Mo, are there any pill recipes for sale here?" Ling Han asked. He couldn't keep looking for pill recipes on the online platform, because higher grade pills wouldn't be sold there.

Mo Guohao was astonished, "You still have the spare energy to study other pill recipes?"

As he saw it, Ling Han would have to supply ten alchemical pills every day, and at least three cauldrons' worth of pills had to be completed. However, what Elementary Level Alchemist could guarantee that he would have a 100% success rate of pill completion — then this alchemist would definitely be making a huge profit.

Ordinarily speaking, it was already very impressive that the pill completion rate could reach 30%.

Thus, Ling Han had to concoct around ten cauldrons of alchemical pills a day, and practically did not even have the time to sleep, so what time would he have left to study new pill recipes?

However, since Ling Han had asked,

Mo Guohao took out the optical computer, and said, "These are the pill recipes that I have gathered. Which do you want, young friend? I'll give it to you."

Pill recipes were the same as martial arts techniques. They were both incredibly valuable, so Mo Guohao saying these words really gave Ling Han a huge favor.

Ling Han nodded, and said, "Thank you, Boss Mo."

He began to read. There were about a hundred pill recipes in Mo Guohao's collection, and they were divided into the three major categories of Elementary Level, Middle Level and High Level.

For the Elementary Level category, the most practical ones were the Meridian Exploration Pill and the Mystical Power Pill. Ling Han only obtained the formula for the Mystical Power Pill. He didn't have the formula for the Meridian Exploration Pill yet, so he called out, "I'll learn the Meridian Exploration Pill first."

Mo Guohao was surprised. Judging by Ling Han's tone, it was not enough that he had learnt this Meridian Exploration Pill, but he still wanted to learn other pill recipes in future.

Do you really have that much time?

"The specific pill recipe is on the optical computer. Just open it and you'll know," he said. He felt that Ling Han was young and impetuous, and that was why he wanted to learn everything. He thought too highly about himself.

However, when he encountered more obstacles, his mentality would be adjusted.

Ling Han examined it carefully, and very soon, he had memorized all the ingredients and refinement techniques of the Meridian Exploration Pill. He ran through it in his mind. Compared to the Genesis World, the only difference in alchemy methods was that one used fire, while the other used formations to stimulate energy.

Setting this aside, whether it was the Meridian Exploration Pill or the Mystical Power Pill, the difficulty of refining them was practically child's play.

Ling Han dared to guarantee that even if he began to concoct alchemical pills now, he would still be able to easily concoct the Meridian Exploration Pill. He guaranteed a success on his first attempt.

This was how confident the Alchemy Emperor was.

"Then I'll take my leave first," Ling Han said. He had already completely grasped the Meridian Exploration Pill. The next question was whether he could improve the pill recipe and increase the chances of the Meridian Exploration Pill.

"I'll send you down." Mo Guohao accompanied Ling Han downstairs, and had the person in charge of the cashier bring 40,000 Dark North Coins to Ling Han. This was to pay for the ten modified Mystical Power Pills.

Ling Han did not stand on ceremony either. In any case, Mo Guohao would definitely not lose out. The only difference was whether he earned more or less.

"Uncle, I'll send Young Master Han back," Pan Hu suddenly said.

Mo Guohao was surprised. Since when had this nephew of his become sensible? He naturally hoped to develop a good relationship with Ling Han, but because he was much older, it was very difficult for the two of them to have a common topic of conversation, which would be more convenient for Pan Hu.

However, he was worried that Pan Huhu would screw up the matter, and that what was intended to be a good deed would become bad.

"You have to be careful!" he warned.

"I understand," Pan Hu said. Since his uncle valued Ling Han so much, he naturally would treat Ling Han as if he were his uncle.

No, no, no. He would be even more respectful, because this was equivalent to boot-licking two people at once.

"Young friend Ling, let Hu Zi send you off," Mo Guo Hao said with a smile. "You're all young people, so you should have something in common to talk about."

Ling Han thought that he had lived for who knew how many years in the Genesis World, and was definitely an old monster. Who here would have a common topic with him? However, he didn't mind, so he nodded.

"Young Master Han, please," Pan Hu said respectfully. His humble attitude was inconceivable to the staff in the shop. Since when had that second-generation young master become a completely different person?

The two of them left. Along the way, Pan Hu carefully chose some interesting topics to share with Ling Han.

He was an ignorant and incompetent person. The so-called intersting topics were all related to women, causing Ling Han to quickly show an expression of impatience.

However, Pan Hu was quite observant when it came to judging the mood. He hurriedly shut his mouth and didn't say anything. Meanwhile, he thought to himself, 'Could it be that Young Master Han doesn't like women?'

Hiss, if he didn't like women, then he liked men?

Should he sell his a*s to gain Ling Han's favor?

Forget it. This sacrifice was too great. At least for now, there was no need for it.

They hailed a cab, and returned to Ling Han's residence. Of course, Ling Han didn't need to pay, and Pan Hu rushed to pay. He even wanted to follow Ling Han into the residence and continue to develop friendly relations with him, but in the end, Ling Han tactfully refused.

Pan Hu wasn't too disappointed. After all, he had just offended Ling Han, and it was already very difficult for him to repair thier relation to this extent. How could he hope to become Ling Han's best friend in an instant?

He made up his mind. From tomorrow onwards, he would be the one to collect the medicine. In this way, he would be able to communicate and develop good relations with Ling Han every day.

Tsk, he was really too smart.

After standing outside Ling Han's residence for a while, he took a cab back.

The moment Ling Han returned to his quarters, he began to refine Meridian Exploration Pills. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

He had a strong interest in alchemy.

Sure enough, after only two hours, he successfully concocted the first cauldron of Meridian Exploration Pills.

The Divine Stone had boosted his luck, and added with his natural talent in alchemy, it wasn't strange for him to succeed in one go.

Ling Han tasted one, and savored it carefully. After a while, he smiled, and murmured, "I can increase its effects to 20%!"