Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3173 Mo Guohao was dumbfounded

Inconceivable.

Meridian Exploration Pill originated from the last era of civilization. To say nothing of predecessors, it had been passed down for more than a hundred years, but no one had ever been able to improve it in the slightest. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

However, Ling Han had only refined it once, and after tasting it once, he already had a direction of how to improve it.

Just how terrifying was this?

"Why do I feel that because this is the lowest grade of alchemical pill, and that's why it's so easy to improve." Ling Han frowned slightly. There was no need to mention the people of this era, because they had only advanced into martial arts for less than a hundred years, and had just begun.

However, since the civilization of the last era could create so many pill recipes, formations, and contained the glorious era of martial arts, it meant that it was already a mature system.

In such a mature environment, how could it be that no one could improve the pill recipe?

It was very simple. Ling Han could easily sense what was wrong with the alchemical pill, and if it was too strong, or too weak, he would need to add more or decrease some of the corresponding medicinal ingredients, but why did the ancients not discover anything?

Could it be that after he had condensed the essence of the Divine Stone, his alchemy ability had reached a chilling extent?

Or perhaps, Ling Han guessed, this was too worthless in the civilization of the last era, and that was why there was no smarter alchemist studying this problem to increase the effects of the alchemical pill.

Which one was it?

It was possible that it was both. On the one hand, Ling Han's ability in alchemy was too strong, and on the other, the Meridian Exploration Pill was perhaps really not much in the civilization of the last era, so no one had spent the effort to modify it.

"Forget about it. My priority now is to earn money. The modified Meridian Exploration Pill should be able to bring me more income."

The Mystical Power Pill could only speed up one's cultivation. Whether there was one or not was only a matter of speed of cultivation. However, the effects of the Meridian Exploration Pill had been improved, yet they could allow those who initially could only stop at Ten Meridians to reach Eleven Meridians and people at Seven Meridians would be able to reach Eight Meridians.

The significance of this was completely different.

Ling Han would concoct three cauldrons of Mystical Power Pills every day. Then, in addition to cultivating, he would focus his attention on improving the Meridian Exploration Pill.

Having a direction was one matter, but as for how to improve it, this was a meticulous process. It could not possibly succeed in a single stroke.

However, it was only four days, and Ling Han had already completed it.

"The effects have increased to 20%!"

Originally, the Meridian Exploration Pill could give a martial artist a 10% chance of sensing a new meridian, but now, it had reached 20%. Even if it was only an additional 10% chance, it might give half of the majority a chance of advancing into a higher cultivation level.

The significance of this was completely different.

When Pan Hu came again at night, Ling Han handed him two bottles of alchemical pills.

"Yi, Young Master Han, what's this bottle?" Pan Hu was curious.

"You can just hand it over to Boss Mo," Ling Han said.

"Understood." Pan Hu nodded, paused, then continued, "Does Young Master Han have any other commands?"

These few days, he had acted like he was a servant, so his attitude could not be more humble.

"Go on." Ling Han waved him off.

However, after only over an hour, Mo Guohao arrived with Pan Hu by his side.

Ling Han knew that the Meridian Exploration Pill would give Mo Guohao a great shock, but the fact that he immediately ran over in person was somewhat beyond Ling Han's expectations.

"Young friend, you are really good at scaring people. I am only forty-six years old this year, but I am about to have a heart attack because of you," Mo Guohao said. Though he was joking, his expression still could not hide his shock.

How could he not be shocked?

Ling Han took the pill recipe with him. It had only been five days, but not only had he completely grasped the pill recipe, and concocted alchemical pills, he had also improved the pill recipe and concocted new pills.

F***, taking a step forwards with every passing day, how could this not scare him to death?

Though he was a Middle Level alchemist, in front of such a freakish alchemist, he felt extremely insignificant, as if he could vaguely see an alchemy grandmaster.

Ling Han chuckled, and said, "It's just an increase of 10%. It's nothing."

This was still considered nothing?

Mo Guohao sighed, and said, "Young friend, do you know what this means? Using the new version of Mystical Power Pill and Meridian Exploration Pill together can increase the overall strength of our army by at least ten times!"

"This is a great merit!"

Ling Han chuckled, "I just want to earn some money."

"This has nothing to do with earning money," Mo Guohao said with a smile. "I plan to auction off the Meridian Exploration Pill. Only then would it be able to show the best effects. Do you agree?"

"Sure." Ling Han nodded. Actually, if he opened his own store, the profits would definitely be higher, but that would be too troublesome. He had to cultivate martial arts and also concoct alchemical pills and formations, so where would he get so much time?

Thus, he didn't mind letting others earn a little, so that he could free up his hands to do what he wanted.

"The time is set to be three days later." Mo Guohao continued, "How about it?"

Previously, though he thought very highly of Ling Han, he still had the pride of a Middle Level Alchemist. It was only because Ling Han was an important business partner that he appeared very polite. However, now, he really considered Ling Han to be an existence of the same level, or even in fact, slightly higher than himself.

Even if Ling Han was only an Elementary Level alchemist now, just because he could improve on those two pill recipes, it was not impossible that the Alchemist Society of the Imperial Capital would make an exception and promote him to become a Senior Level Alchemist. In fact, it was not impossible that he would even be bestowed the title of honorary grandmaster.

Before he knew it, Mo Guohao had already put away his airs. In fact, it could even be said that he was showing respect.

"All right." Ling Han nodded.

When Pan Hu saw this, he couldn't help but click his tongue in wonder. Young Master Han was really too awesome, that even his uncle was respectful in front of him.

He was really too wise, and managed to change his attitude in the nick of time. Otherwise, not only would he not be able to ride on Ling Han's coattail, he would even have offended an incredibly terrifying existence.

Mo Guohao and Pan Hu quickly left, while Ling Han practiced Spiritual Power for a while longer.

This was really too difficult to improve. There was no cultivation technique, nor was there any Treasured Fruit. He could only depend on himself to improve bit by bit, which was really slow.

Ling Han used the optical computer to connect to the online platform again. He wanted to see if there were any special treasures that could quickly increase his spiritual power.

In the end, he was disappointed. He saw that a great many people had posted information asking for offers, wanting a Treasured Fruit called "Amazing Cloud Fruit". This could increase one's Spiritual Power.

At a glance, they were all asking to buy, but no one had reached a deal.

Of course, these requests naturally came from Formation Masters and Alchemists. The others didn't need to increase their spiritual power.

He took a look. The Amazing Cloud Fruit was produced in the Yue Du Mountains, but this kind of Treasured Fruit was rare, and secondly, it grew in extremely dangerous places. The difficulty of harvesting it was like ascending the heavens, so there had always been no lack of buyers but a serious lack of sellers.

At first, Ling Han wanted to put up a request for purchase as well, but looking at how others would easily offer a high price of over a million, if he did not put up a higher price, he would not be able to compete at all, and if he wanted to put up a request for purchase, he would need an advance payment. If he did not reach a deal, the advance payment would be directly refunded to him.

He still couldn't take out a few million Dark North Coins now, so he could only give up on this idea.

Work hard on concocting alchemical pills to earn money!