Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3174 Cutting the line

In three days' time, Ling Han had concocted a total of twenty-nine cauldrons of improved Meridian Exploration Pills, which almost tired him to death.

Since his cultivation level had reached a certain level, he had never been so tired from alchemy.

However, he was also very satisfied, because he now had about 90 Meridian Exploration Pills in his possession. This could probably bring him millions in income.

It was really too easy for alchemists to earn money. Even Formation Masters couldn't compare.

Because the staff of Mercy Medicine Hall were all very busy today, and even a second-generation young master like Pan Hu had to entertain profligate young masters, so he didn't come to pick Ling Han up.

Ling Han didn't mind. It wasn't like he didn't have arms and legs, so how could he not go himself?

He brought his little female attendant with him, and called for a car. Very soon, they arrived at Mercy Medicine Hall.

Goodness.

He looked through the window, and couldn't help but hiss. There were really a lot of people here today. The entrance was completely crowded with cars, and people were continuously disembarking.

It should be known that these were only people who had gotten off the cars. After getting off, the cars would naturally leave, but even so, it was still on such a large scale. This was really a little exaggerated.

Speaking of which, was the Meridian Exploration Pill that attractive?

After quite a while, the car slowly arrived at the entrance, but before it had even stopped, a car suddenly cut in from behind, and stopped in front of them.

The car that Ling Han was in had to stop. When the person on the car in front of him got off and the car drove off, only then would his car be able to continue forwards.

Cutting into the queue of people, no, cutting into the queue of cars?

Ling Han was instantly enraged. Everyone was obediently lining up, and you're the only one who doesn't abide by the rules?

Di, di, di. The driver of Ling Han's car honked. He was also very displeased.

A man and woman alighted from the car ahead of them. They were both very young. The man looked like the absolutely arrogant and snobbish type, while the woman was extremely beautiful and coquettish.

After this man got out of the car, he walked over and kicked Ling Han's car. Pa, the headlight of the car was instantly crushed by his stomp.

"Motherf*cker, what the f*ck are you honking the horn for? Are you trying to kill me with your noise?" The man continued to curse as he kicked the other headlight.

The driver hurriedly alighted, and asked, "Why did you smash my car?"

"So what if I smash it?" The man was very arrogant. He pointed at the driver and said, "Do you know who I am? F***, you actually dare point at my nose. I think you're tired of living!"

He raised his hand and was just about to hit the driver, which scared the latter so much that he hurriedly ducked into the car.

The man continued to curse, and the coquettish woman beside him also wore a haughty expression as she said, "To dare anger our Young Master Ming, you're truly seeking death."

The car in front of them drove off, but the man still felt like he had not vented his anger enough. He continued to kick Ling Han's car endlessly.

Ling Han alighted from the car. Huan Xue hurriedly opened the door and came down as well, standing beside Ling Han.

"Yi, someone actually dares to come down?" The man looked at Ling Han, but soon turned his gaze away, and stared at Huan Xue. "Yi, I didn't expect there to be a little beauty."

Huan Xue couldn't be considered an exquisite beauty, but she was still above average. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

Ling Han beckoned with his hand, and said, "Come here."

The man faltered, then was amused, and said, "You idiot, you actually dare to call me over? Who are you? Do you think you are the City Lord?"

However, even though he said this, he still walked over and said, "What's wrong? Do you still dare to hit me?"

He moved one side of his face closer, "Come on then, give it a try."

"Huan Xue!" Ling Han said.

"Yes, Young Master," Huan Xue hurriedly replied.

"Slap him."

"Yes."

Huan Xue naturally carried out Ling Han's command without any reservations. She raised her hand and slapped the man heavily.

How could the man have imagined that Huan Xue would really dare to make a move? He had also positioned himself as if he was ready to take a slap, so it was naturally impossible for him to dodge. This slap caused stars to appear in front of his eyes.

It should be known that Huan Xue had now advanced further, and possessed the cultivation level of Seven Meridians. How could such a massive force be pleasant to the face?

Fortunately, Huan Xue didn't use her full strength. Otherwise, his face would have been smashed into mush.

"Y-you dare to hit me?" The man faltered for a moment before revealing a furious expression. He also directed a slap at Huan Xue.

Huan Xue dodged, then counterattacked.

She was a Seven Meridians, while that man was only a Six Meridians. Thus, after a few moves, Huan Xue was completely on the upper hand. Then, she slapped the man's face like she was spanking someone's behind.

Pa, pa, pa, a crisp and loud sound rang out.

"What are you doing, you crazy woman? Let go of Young Master Ming!" the coquettish woman screamed. However, she wasn't a cultivator, so she could only yell from the sidelines.

"Yi, isn't this Zhong Yangbi's younger brother, Zhong Yangming?" someone at the side asked.

"Though he is not much, his older brother, Zhong Yangbi, is quite extraordinary. He has already become an Elementary Level alchemist at only twenty-seven years old, and is renowned for being the second Mo Guohao."

"En, Zhong Yangbi is really quite extraordinary. He is one of the most popular figures of the younger generation."

"He, together with Yan Jun and Tuoba Tianhuang, are known as the Three Elites, representing alchemy, formations, and the most outstanding talent in martial arts."

"However, to be honest, it is forunate that Zhong Yangbi and Yan Jun are representatives of alchemy and formations. Otherwise, if it was martial arts, who would be able to match Tuoba Tianhuang?"

"Indeed, Tuoba Tianhuang is a prodigy that would only appear once in a hundred years in martial arts. In future, he would become an overlord that would look down on the rest of the world. He is definitely not someone that Zhong Yangbi and Yan Jun can compare to."

"We're getting off the topic; we're talking about Zhong Yangming now."

"Him? Just an idiot."

"However, to bully Zhong Yangbi's younger brother like this, isn't he afraid that Zhong Yangbi would be angered?"

"That's right. Today is the auction hosted by Zhong Yangbi's Master, Grandmaster Mo Guohao. He will definitely attend as well. If Zhong Yangbi finds out that he beat Zhong Yangming here, Zhong Yangbi will definitely not let the matter go."

The people in the surroundings were all discussing spiritedly. The majority liked to join in on the excitement, and the scene that was happening now was obviously very much in line with the mentality of those watching the excitement.

"Did you hear that!" Zhong Yangming roared. "My brother is Zhong Yangbi, and my brother's master is Mo Guohao, Grandmaster Mo! If you anger me, I guarantee that you won't be able to buy an alchemical pill in Huju City!"

Ling Han merely chuckled, and acted as if he had not heard.

Pa, Huan Xue gave him a heavy slap. He actually dared to shout at her Young Master. Humph!

"Enough." Ling Han waved his hand, and Huan Xue immediately stopped.

"What's going on? Why are you making so much noise?" A man walked out, an impatient expression on his face. Didn't he know that today was a big day for the Mercy Medicine Hall?

"Young Master Hu!"

"Brother Hu!"

Everyone called out, appearing very polite.

This was Pan Hu. Though he was an idiot, he was Mo Guohao's nephew.

It should be known that a few days ago, Mo Guohao had unveiled a modified version of the Mystical Power Pill, and now there was a modified version of the Meridian Exploration Pill being auctioned. Even the City Lord had been alerted. He had expressed several times that this modification of Mo Guohao was a great merit, and could be recorded in the history books, becoming a pillar of support for the nation.

With the rise of the tide, Pan Hu also became extremely popular.

"Brother Hu!" Zhong Yangming pounced over with an aggrieved expression.