Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3175 Brother Hu

"What is it?" When Pan Hu saw this, he asked calmly.

Both he and Zhong Yangming were ignorant and incompetent second-generation young masters. However, in comparison, his status was much higher, so he naturally became Zhong Yangming's boss.

"Brother Hu, I was bullied, you have to stand up for me!" Zhong Yangming grabbed one of Pan Hu's arms, like a child who had been wronged, asking for help from his parents.

Pan Hu couldn't help but show a proud expression, and said, "I really want to see which blind guy dares to bully my people!"

With the introduction of the modified version of the Mystical Power Pill, whether it was the popularity of the Mercy Medicine Hall or Mo Guohao's personal reputation, they had all been raised to a new height, especially with the modified version of the Meridian Exploration Pill, which made Mo Guohao seem practically like an alchemy legend. Even the City Lord praised him endlessly.

Under such circumstances, as Mo Guohao's nephew, Pan Hu's status naturally rose accordingly. His opinion of himself was really soaring, and his whole person was also puffed up.

Someone was bullying his underling?

Humph, just see how he would deal with the other.

"Brother Hu, it's them!" Zhong Yangming pointed at Ling Han and Huan Xue.

'Huh? F*ck!'

When Pan Hu saw Ling Han, he felt a chill rise up from the soles of his feet, almost causing him to pass out in fright.

This was Ling Han!

Others might not know, but how could he not know? Whether it was the modified version of the Mystical Power Pill or the Meridian Exploration Pill, they were all provided by Ling Han.

It was all because of Ling Han that his status had been able to soar madly in the last few days.

To say nothing else, he still remembered the last time he offended Ling Han and was forced to kneel in public, which saved him from being punished by Mo Guohao. Had he not suffered enough? Had he not learnt his lesson?

If he offended Ling Han again, it was not impossible that Mo Guohao would beat him to death.

"Brat, now that my boss is here, are you afraid?" Zhong Yangming strutted around and even rushed over, pointing a finger at Ling Han. If it weren't for the fact that he was still wary of Huan Xue, his finger would probably be poking at Ling Han.

Ling Han smiled, "Hehe, I'm afraid, of course I'm afraid."

"It's good that you know to be afraid. Kneel down!" Zhong Yangming said proudly, regaining his usual arrogant demeanor.

When he saw that Ling Han had no reaction, he couldn't help but urge, "I told you to kneel, didn't you hear? Could it be that you want our Brother Hu to tell you?"

"Sure," Ling Han said. He looked towards Pan Hu and asked, "Brother Hu, what do you say?"

Zhong Yangming also turned around. He was sure that Pan Hu would definitely fly into a thunderous rage and teach Ling Han a harsh lesson.

Sure enough, Pan Hu walked over aggressively.

En, what a great amount of anger!

Zhong Yangming was slightly shocked. He had not thought that he was actually so important to Pan Hu. Otherwise, why would Pan Hu be so furious?

He was getting closer and closer, and Pan Hu had already raised one hand high before slapping it down.

Yi, wasn't this slap a little too early?

Pa!

A crisp sound reverberated in all directions.

At this moment, everyone was dumbfounded.

What was going on?

Had Pan Hu gone mad, or was there something very seriously wrong with his eyes? He actually delivered a slap right onto Zhong Yangming's face?

"Brother Hu, you hit the wrong person. That b@stard is behind me," Zhong Yangming covered his face with one hand and said with an aggrieved expression.

"I didn't make a mistake, and I'm beating you up, b@stard!" Pan Hu roared in fury. Pa, pa, pa! He rained down blows on Zhong Yangming, and he started to beat him up madly.

You b@stard, do you know who Ling Han is?

'Are you trying to f*cking kill me?'

Just see if I won't beat you to death?

Zhong Yangming was completely stupefied. What had happened?

Previously, he had been madly slapped by a woman, and now, he was being beaten harshly by Pan Hu. He didn't seem to have done anything extremely evil that would deserve this.

"Brother Hu! Brother Hu! What did I do wrong? Why did you hit me?" He felt extremely aggrieved.

"B@stard!" When Pan Hu heard this, he was naturally even more enraged.

You almost killed me, do you know that?

"Do you know who Young Master Han is?" he roared in fury.

Young Master Han?

Zhong Yangming was taken aback, his brain completely unable to process what had happened.

Who was Young Master Han?

No matter what, there was no way he could connect "Young Master Han" with Ling Han. How was this possible? He had naturally seen all of Brother Hu's friends, and this guy wasn't among them.

Peng, peng, peng. After a series of blows, Pan Hu forced Zhong Yangming to kneel in front of Ling Han, and said, "Hurry up and kowtow and apologize to Young Master Han!"

What, Young Master Han was this young man in front of him?

Zhong Yangming finally understood why Pan Hu had hit him. He couldn't help but feel shocked. A person that even Brother Hu had to address as "Young Master", what kind of background did he have?

Who knows, a few words from him may be enough to decide his life or death.

He finally knew fear, and said in a trembling voice, "Young Master Han, I, I was wrong!"

"Kowtow!" Pan Hu actually kicked him. F***, even he had kowtowed a dozen over times on the streets back then. Could it be that he would be able to bluff his way out just like that?

Zhong Yangming had no choice but to kowtow.

Only then did Ling Han say calmly, "You don't have to kowtow to me, but to this driver." He pointed at the driver that was still hiding inside the car.

Zhong Yangming revealed an obvious look of resistance. He could bear it if he was kowtowing towards "Young Master Han". After all, even Brother Hu would have to address him as "Young Master", but this driver?

F***, if he had to apologize to a lowly driver, would he still be able to survive in the future?

Pa! His hesitation was immediately followed by a slap from Pan Hu.

"Young Master Han told you to apologize, yet you still dare to hesitate. Do you believe that I'll thrash you to death?" Pan Hu said in a vicious tone.

In order to gain Ling Han's favour, he really dared to commit murder.

Zhong Yangming finally became afraid. That cannibalistic expression on Pan Hu's face was definitely not an act. He said to the driver, "S-sorry."

The driver was filled with fear and trepidation. By now, he naturally knew who Zhong Yangming was. Being apologized to like this, would this cause a calamity to him in future?

He was just an ordinary little driver, so how could he afford to trifle with a second-generation young master like Zhong Yangming?

Ling Han naturally could tell that the driver was worried, and said calmly, "Don't worry. In future, even if you lose a single hair, I will still seek out Second Young Master Zhong for an accounting."

Ah?

Zhong Yangming's eyes widened in shock. If he lost even a single strand of his hair, he was going to be called to account; then he was really too wronged, wasn't he?

Oh, if this guy was killed, then he would have to pay with his life as well?

Ling Han cracked a smile, "You guessed right, that's the logic!"

What logic? He was absolutely unreasonable.

Hearing Ling Han say this, the driver finally felt as if a heavy weight had been lifted from his shoulders. It was good that there was no future trouble.

"Young Masters, I'll take my leave," he said.

"Wait," Ling Han said with a smile. "Don't be anxious. I still haven't paid the fare, and I still haven't paid for the broken lights."

"No need, no need," the driver hurriedly said.

"Of course, there is a need." Ling Han looked at Zhong Yangming and said, "Whoever breaks it will be responsible for compensation, understand?"

Zhong Yangming had learnt his lesson this time, and hurriedly took out money of his own volition, stuffing a handful of money into the hands of the driver.

"It's too much, it's too much. There's no need for so much." The driver was an honest person. ÚpTodated 𝒏ov𝒆ls on 𝒏o(v)𝒆l()bin(.)c𝒐m

Everyone watched in dumbfounded shock.