Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3176 Auction

Who was this guy? He actually managed to deal with two profligate second-generation young masters until they had become so submissive?

The driver left, and order returned to this place. One after another, people disembarked from the cars, but they did not enter. They were all discussing on the sidelines.

They wanted to know what great person Ling Han was, that he could actually make Pan Hu treat him with such respect.

"It definitely isn't Zhong Yangbi."

"Of course!"

If that person was Zhong Yangbi, Zhong Yangming wouldn't have come into conflict with him at all. Moreover, Zhong Yangbi wouldn't have been able to suppress Pan Hu like this.

"Could it be Yan Jun?"

"That doesn't seem to be the case either. Yan Jun is already 24 or 25 years old, right? The age is not right."

"Furthermore, Yan Jun is also unable to suppress Pan Huhui."

"Then it would have to be Tuoba Tianhuang."

"That's right. Tuoba Tianhuang is around this age. He's the number one cultivator of the younger generation, and he'll definitely become an overlord in the future. It's reasonable for Pan Hu to bootlick him like this." 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

"But Tuoba Tianhuang is already a Twelve Meridians. What is he doing here?"

"Er…"

"That person isn't Tuoba Tianhuang. Tuoba Tianhuang's appearance is extremely unique. His hair isn't tied up, and he's wanton and unrestrained. He's definitely not that person."

"Furthermore, Pan Hu calls him Young Master Han."

"Yi, that's strange. What young man in the city has such might?"

"The son of the City Lord?"

"The Young Master of the top clan, the Yan Clan?"

"But neither of their names have the word 'Han'."

Everyone was discussing spiritedly, but ultimately, they could not guess Ling Han's identity. In truth, even if someone recognized Ling Han, and said that he was a deputy captain of Xuanqing Banner, it was guaranteed that no one would believe him.

With Pan Hu leading the way, Ling Han entered the private room that had been prepared for him. As for Zhong Yangming, he couldn't be bothered to deal with him for the moment. He would deal with him when he returned. F***, he had almost ruined a matter of such importance for him. He really wanted to strangle this b@stard to death.

No one paid attention to Zhong Yangming. Occasionally, there would be mocking gazes sweeping over, making him feel extremely indignant.

He was really dissatisfied. Most importantly, he didn't even know who Ling Han was. This beating really made him feel sullen.

"Yangming, what's wrong with you?" A deep voice rang out, and behind Zhong Yangming, a lanky man appeared. He looked to be in his late twenties.

"Brother!" Zhong Yangming was overjoyed, and he immediately charged over.

This gave Zhong Yangbi a scare. In such a public place, what kind of impropriety would it be for two men to be embracing each other?

He stepped aside, not allowing Zhong Yangming to pounce on him head-on. However, one of his legs was still being hugged by Zhong Yangming, making him grit his teeth. This scene was still so 'beautiful' that no one dared to look at it.

"Let go," he whispered.

"Brother, you must avenge me." Zhong Yangming had finally found a real great protector after much difficulty, so how could he possibly let go?

Seeing this scene, the people in the surroundings all laughed.

Zhong Yangbi felt his face burn. He hurriedly pulled his brother up by force. Pa, pa, pa! They ran into Mercy Medicine Hall.

He was Mo Guohao's most outstanding disciple, and his status in the pharmacy was actually even higher than Pan Hu's. He too reserved a private room, and then asked his younger brother about the situation.

When Zhong Yangming explained the situation in full detail, Zhong Yangbi's expression couldn't help but become dark.

Humph, aside from being arrogant and domineering, what else did a b@stard like Pan Hu know?

And now, it was even better. He was actually favouring an outsider, and was even bullying one of their own people now.

This was practically betrayal!

Zhong Yangming was afraid of Pan Hu, but he wasn't. In fact, he even looked down on him very much.

"Don't worry, I will definitely stand up for you!" Zhong Yangbi said. However, the auction was about to begin, so it was not appropriate for him to come into conflict with Pan Hu at this time. Thus, he decided to first wait for the auction to begin. This was something that Mo Guohao valued very much, so he definitely could not allow the slightest mistake.

Towards Mo Guohao, he was sincerely impressed. In fact, he admired him from the bottom of his heart. He actually managed to improve the Meridian Exploration Pill and Mystical Power Pill's recipe, creating the greatest miracle in the last hundred years of alchemy, benefiting the nation and the people, and may even be summoned by the Emperor in future!

Thinking of this sovereign of the Dark North Nation, Zhong Yangbi couldn't help but feel even more reverent. That was really a legend, and in the whole country, who didn't treat him like a god?

The auction soon began, and the host was actually Mo Guohao himself.

Mercy Medicine Hall was a very big place. When it was first established, it was already thought that there might be an auction held in the future, so it had been developed in this direction when designing it.

Before this, the Mercy Medicine Hall had already hosted several auctions. However, this was the first time that they had held an auction for a single type of medicine.

"Everyone, welcome." Mo Guohao's face was glowing, "Everyone has already seen the information. Today's auction is for the modified Meridian Exploration Pill, which can increase the chances of sensing new meridians to about twenty percent. I guarantee with my reputation that this is definitely not the slightest bit false."

Beneath him, there was a commotion.

Everyone had received an invitation from Mercy Medicine Hall, and knew that a modified Meridian Exploration Pill had appeared, which was why they had rushed over. Now, with Mo Guohao personally explaining about it, everyone was naturally extremely excited.

This meant that the cultivation level of many people that had already stagnated could improve again.

"I have a total of 90 Meridian Exploration Pills here. The rules of the auction are as follows. Every ten pills is a set, and will be auctioned by set."

"In other words, everyone has nine chances to win the bid."

F***!

Hearing these words, everyone wanted to curse Mo Guohao and call him an unscrupulous merchant.

If they were auctioned off one by one, there would be a total of 90 pills. At least half of them would not be auctioned off for a very high price. After all, there were a lot of them, so they would just wait for the next one.

But it was a different story now. There were only a total of nine sets.

They had to give it their all.

Mo Guohao smiled brightly. Though he was an alchemist, he was also an outstanding businessman, and maximizing his profits was his pursuit.

"Then let's begin."

The auction began, and it was as if everyone had been pumped full of adrenaline. They immediately placed a crazy bid, as if that was not money, but merely a number.

The first set of Meridian Exploration Pills sold for a high price of 260,000, and the average price for each was 26,000. Meanwhile, the ordinary Meridian Exploration Pills only sold for 5,000 each. The difference was truly huge.

The following auction was still very heated, because there were only nine sets.

It only took an hour, and the nine sets of Meridian Exploration Pills were all auctioned off, fetching a total of 2,520,000 Dark North Coins. This was a very shocking number. Ling Han believed that if he were to sell them himself, it would be very good if he could get even half the price.

That was because Mo Guohao and Mercy Medicine Hall itself were a signboard, and this was intangible value.

Of course, there were only a total of 90 Meridian Exploration Pills. This was also a very important reason. After all, the rarer something was, the more valuable it was.

However, Mo Guohao's words at the end almost drove those who had managed to win with their bid mad, and those who had not managed to successfully buy any once more became excited.

"In the future, every week, Mercy Medicine Hall will hold an auction, which includes but is not limited to the modified Meridian Exploration Pill."

F***, profiteering merchant, what a profiteering merchant!

Too deceitful, too black-hearted.