Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

Chapter 3177 Complaint

"Young Master Han, I'll bring you to see uncle," Pan Hu said respectfully.

Goodness, in just three days' time, Young Master Han had concocted 90 Meridian Exploration Pills, creating such terrifying wealth. In comparison, the pocket money or rather salary he received every month was only 8000. It was practically too inferior.

This was how prodigies were. If they wanted to earn money, they could simply stretch out their hands.

He was so awesome that he could only admire him.

Ling Han nodded, and with Pan Hu leading the way, went to meet Mo Guohao.

They had just arrived at the doors of the study on the second floor, when they saw two more people walk over.

Zhong Yangbi and Zhong Yangming.

"Brother, it's them!" As the saying went, when enemies met, they would naturally be furious. Zhong Yangming immediately pointed at Ling Han, his expression looking as if he wanted to devour him.

Afterwards, he naturally found out that Ling Han was the mastermind. That little beauty was only obeying Ling Han's words.

Zhong Yangbi humphed, and said, "Pan Hu, you have to give me an explanation for this matter. Otherwise, I will report this to my master, and you will definitely be punished!"

This guy was always neglecting his proper duties and doing all kinds of bad things. He had long since been disliked by Mo Guohao. However, because he was his nephew, he did not chase him away.

Thus, every time he mentioned complaining in front of Mo Guohao, Pan Hu would definitely be scared half to death, and immediately beg for mercy.

However, he had miscalculated this time.

Pan Hu was all smiles, and said, "What explanation? There's nothing to explain."

He had always been suppressed by Zhong Yangbi, and furthermore, because the latter had snitched on him, causing him to be scolded many times by Mo Guohao. How could he not feel angered?

Unfortunately, Zhong Yangbi was an alchemy prodigy, and Mo Guohao was extremely fond of him. How could he win over him? He didn't even have the chance to take revenge.

But this time was different.

Who was Ling Han?

Someone that even Mo Guohao had to respect, and you dare to disrespect him? You are seeking death.

"Pan Hu, it's fine if you commit evil at other times, and for the sake of master, I can turn a blind eye, but this time, you actually bullied my brother. I definitely can't tolerate you anymore!" Zhong Yangbi said balefully.

"Brother Bi, don't you think you're the one who's doing evil now that you're making malicious accusations without investigating the truth?" Pan Hu said with confidence.

This was the first time he realized that "reasoning" could actually be so enjoyable.

Zhong Yangbi was taken aback. Since when had this guy become so stubborn?

Usually, when had it not been him who only had to wear a solemn expression, and the other party would cower like a dog?

Had the sun risen from the west?

"Pan Hu, are you really going to turn this into a serious matter?" His expression darkened.

"What serious matter?" Mo Guohao's voice was heard. Very soon, he walked over, his face full of smiles. He was in an extremely good mood.

"Master!" Zhong Yangbi hurriedly exclaimed, not giving Pan Hu the chance to speak first, "I originally didn't want to ruin master's mood, but Hu Zi has really gone too far this time!"

Mo Guohao gave an 'oh', and asked, "What's going on?" He knew that this nephew of his was very unreasonable. However, after he had recently gotten together with Ling Han, he had actually changed his habit of leading a life of debauchery, bullying the weak and suppressing the good, which made him very pleased.

What was it? It had only been a few days, and he had gone out of control again?

He turned to look at Pan Hu, his gaze extremely sharp. However, when he saw Ling Han, his expression immediately softened, and he said, "Young friend Ling, I have embarrassed himself in front of you."

Pu!

Zhong Yangbi spluttered and coughed uncontrollably.

What was going on here? He couldn't understand?

Ling Han smiled, and said, "I think that Pan Hu is honest, young, and promising."

Being praised by Ling Han like this, Pan Hu felt his face burn.

F***, what relation did he have with being honest?

His mind was filled with thoughts of women and fun. He was indeed young, but what kind of 'promising' man was he?

Mo Guohao was taken aback. Ling Han actually had such a high opinion of Pan Hu? Could it be that he had misjudged this nephew?

He turned to look at Zhong Yangbi, and asked, "How has Hu Zi gone too far?"

"This…" Zhong Yangbi hesitated. As long as he wasn't an idiot, he could tell how highly Mo Guohao thought of Ling Han, completely treating him as an equal.

If he were to retaliate against Ling Han, the only result would be being harshly reprimanded by Mo Guohao, and then let Pan Hu watch a good show.

"N-nothing," he said.

Mo Guohao was astounded. Just now, he had said that he had gone too far, so why was everything all right now?

"Don't worry about Young Friend Ling. He's one of us," he said with a chuckle. He thought that Zhong Yangbi was trying to save some face for Pan Hu in front of outsiders.

"That's right, Brother Bi. What did I do wrong? Tell me, and I will definitely accept humbly, and immediately change." Pan Hu took the chance to hit him when he was down. It was rare for him to have such a rare opportunity, so he naturally could not waste it.

Looking at Zhong Yangbi's expression, he was filled with satisfaction.

Following Ling Han was the right thing to do. He immediately turned the tables around and was singing the song of freedom.

Zhong Yangbi was on the verge of tears. He didn't dare to speak ill of Ling Han now.

"I'm really fine. I, I, I was muddleheaded," he said.

This time, he had to swallow this humiliation.

Strange.

Mo Guohao glanced at this disciple of his, and felt a little suspicious in his heart. However, this suspicion was quickly concealed by his joy, and he said, "Young friend Ling, I am really too happy today."

He invited Ling Han into the study, and how could Zhong Yangbi have the face to stay any longer? He hurriedly left with his brother.

Mo Guohao and Ling Han settled the accounts. For the auction, Mercy Medicine Hall collected 20% as service fee. This was a little high, but taking into account Mo Guohao's part in it, 20% for commission was reasonable.

Ling Han nodded. He could still obtain around two million. This was already an astonishing amount of wealth.

"However, young friend, you are really too amazing. It has only been a short few days, and you have already concocted so many Meridian Exploration Pills. This is really unbelievable." Mo Guohao sighed ruefully. Even if he went all out, could he concoct so many Meridian Exploration Pills in three to four days?

Impossible. His success rate was at most 50%. Even if he did not sleep at all these four days, there was no way he could complete such a mission.

In other words, Ling Han's success rate had to reach 80% or even higher to be able to accomplish such a magnificent feat.

Inconceivable, this was too shocking.

Ling Han merely smiled. There was not the slightest bit of difficulty in concocting this kind of low-level alchemical pill. If the cauldron still exploded, would he still be worthy of the title of Alchemy Emperor?

"Oh, that's right. The City Lord should summon you in a few days, so you can make some preparations," Mo Guohao said seriously.

After modifying the pill recipes for the Meridian Exploration Pill and the Mystical Power Pill, to say nothing of the City Lord, if the Emperor of the Dark North Nation found out, he would probably make an exception and summon Ling Han to see him, because this was extremely likely to have far-reaching consequences.

Ling Han didn't mind this, and simply nodded in acknowledgment.

Now, though he had to start from the beginning again, how could his proud and aloof heart possibly change?

Mo Guohao's opinion of this young man became gradually higher. Now, he was already so calm and unflustered in the face of honour and favour. This kind of mentality was really rare. His future accomplishments would be limitless.

They conversed for a while, and Ling Han left with his little handmaiden.