Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3178 Rich Man's Formation

Ling Han returned to his residence, switched on the optical computer, and posted an offer to purchase.

"Request for Amazing Cloud Fruit, offer price is two million Dark North Coins."

Once this purchase offer was posted, it immediately attracted heated discussions, with many leaving comments below the post.

"Who would be so unruly, and offer such a high price?"

"That's right. Isn't this ruining the market price?"

"Those two above must be jealous because they don't have the money. Who made it a rule that there must be a price restriction for buyers?"

"This one is a real tycoon indeed, let's be friends."

"However, even if such a high price as two million is being offered, it's certain that there still won't be a deal."

"That's right. In the first place, Amazing Cloud Fruits are rare, and with how difficult it is to harvest, there is absolutely no way to obtain them."

There were also a great many people who requested for Ling Han's contact information, saying that they wanted to have a private chat, but Ling Han directly ignored them.

All he wanted was the Amazing Cloud Fruit, and he was completely uninterested in anything else.

Since he had nothing else to do, he began to look around on the platform again.

"Yi, there are formations like this?"

"The Thousand Clouds Formation requires 30,000 jade seeds to be channeled. Once it begins, it can't be stopped. Refining the essence of all the jade seeds and transforming them into extremely dense energy can create an astonishing environment for cultivation. The time needed is only…half a day."

Ling Han couldn't help but feel tempted. If he really created such formations, just how much would his cultivation level advance?

However, this formation was also calleda Rich Man's Formation, because if one was not a tycoon, how could he bear to use such an exorbitant amount as 30,000 jade seeds?tril

The advancement in cultivation level by this half a day must be astonishingly fast, but if compared to the Mystical Power Pill that was of the same value, the final result would definitely be that it would be more worthwhile to consume the Mystical Power Pill. Furthermore, the advancement would not be just one-fold or two-fold, but rather ten-fold or a hundred-fold.

The only advantage of this rich man's formation was that it was fast, and suited for speedy advancement.

"30,000 jade seeds, or three million Dark North Coins, is more than my net worth."

"However, I can give it a try."

Ling Han was never stingy when it came to spending money. What was the point of not using the money he earned?

He took a look. The principles of this formation were actually very simple. The only requirement was the jade seed, and a great number of jade seeds at that. It could be considered a super Spirit Gathering Formation.

"I can't afford it now, so I'll just wait a few days."

With the help of the modified version of the Mystical Power Pill, Ling Han was confident that he could reach the Eleven Meridians in 10 days. Then, if this rich man's formation was powerful enough, he would be able to reach the Twelve Meridians in a short amount of time.

Then in the martial arts tournament, he really could ignore anyone.

"En, I'll go and find old geezer Niu tomorrow."

On the second day, he went to find Niu Huaqing.

"You want the Thousand Clouds Formation?" Even Niu Huaqing, who had commanded the winds and clouds all those years ago and treated money as dirt, was still shocked by Ling Han. "This is the rich man's formation. Are you sure you possess the wealth of three million?"

"No," Ling Han replied with a shake of his head. Right now, he only had over two million. Moreover, he had already paid two million in advance, so he would only be able to get it back if there was no deal within the next three days.

However, he immediately continued, "In another six days, I'm sure I will."

Six days later, the Mercy Medicine Hall would host the second auction. He was sure that earning a million wouldn't be a problem at all.

Niu Huaqing looked at Ling Han in disbelief. Was this brat simply boasting?

Did you think that money was so easy to earn?

Even for him, if he wanted to earn three million in a short period of time, he would have to create a high-level formation. Unfortunately, that was in the past. The current him… sigh, let's not talk about it.

"Do you want to make another bet?" Ling Han asked with a smile.

Niu Huaqing wanted to agree at once, but after some thought, this brat was indeed freakish. Not only was he a formations prodigy, he was also freakish in alchemy. Previously, hadn't he been taken by surprise and lost a bet?

"Yi, the Meridian Exploration Pill that Mo Guohao auctioned off yesterday, could it be related to you, brat?" he suddenly exclaimed in shock, but after some thought, he shook his head, "Impossible, this is a great dilemma that has troubled alchemy for a hundred years. If you can solve it so soon after you come, that would be too inconceivable."

Ling Han faltered for a moment. The old geezer was quite capable of making connections, but he wasn't bold enough.

"I'm leaving," he said. He had already found the method to create the Thousand Clouds Formation. The other problem was how to get 30,000 jade seeds.

"Hey, where on earth are you going to get so much money from, brat?" Niu Huaqing asked curiously. He was sure that Ling Han definitely didn't just want to learn this formation technique.

Ling Han didn't reply, and simply waved his hand.

Every day, he would concoct some Meridian Exploration Pills and Mystical Power Pills. Then, he would continue cultivating, pushing his cultivation level to advance towards Eleven Meridians.

Two days later, no one accepted the purchase offer that he had posted. The advance payment was automatically returned.

Another four days later, Mercy Medicine Hall held the second auction. This time, there were even fewer Meridian Exploration Pills. There were only fifty, and yet they were auctioned off for a high price of 30,000 per pill. The total price was 1.5 million. Ling Han obtained another million in wealth all of a sudden.

He went to buy the jade seeds. It was easy to pay. He only had to press his finger, and once the fingerprint was matched successfully, the money would automatically be transferred away. There was absolutely no need for him to bring cash with him, but to transport the 30,000 jade seeds back, he would need the shop to send out a car and deliver it.

Now, everything was already prepared, and all that was left was for him to break through to Eleven Meridians.

Soon. At most, it would take another two days. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

However, on the same day, he was summoned by the City Lord, and made a trip.

Feng Zisheng, the City Lord of Huju City, looked to be only in his forties, his whole body exuding an astonishing vitality, as if he was a fierce beast that could burst out with astonishing power with a single move.

He praised Ling Han for a while, but did not say anything specific. The time for an audience with him was even shorter than five minutes. After that, he had Ling Han return.

"What is the cultivation level of this Feng Zisheng? Standing in front of him, I feel completely suppressed."

"It shouldn't be Blood Transformation Tier, but rather a cultivation level above the Blood Transformation Tier."

"However, no one has ever told me what cultivation level is above the Blood Transformation Tier."

Ling Han returned home. He decided to set aside these things first. What he had to do now was charge towards the Eleven Meridians, then the Twelve Meridians, and then the Blood Transformation Tier. No matter where he was, strength was the true way to go, the true foundation, and everything that mattered.

Two days later, Ling Han had already reached the peak stage of Ten Meridians.

"I can now attempt to break through to Eleven Meridians."

Ling Han went to sense the eleventh meridian. He didn't need the help of the Meridian Exploration Pill at all, and he quickly sensed it. Then, he guided heaven and earth's mystical power to charge at it, opening the meridian in a single strike.

However, when the sun rose, the time that was suitable for cultivating had already passed.

"Activate the rich man's formation."

Ling Han set up the Thousand Clouds Formation. The 30,000 jade seeds were divided into ten piles, and they were all like small mountains, looking extremely majestic.

"Come on!"

He used his spiritual power to stimulate the formations. Instantly, the ten piles of jade seeds lit up. Then, pa, pa, pa, one after another, the jade seeds shattered. A soft jade light rose, turning into some kind of mysterious power that surged towards Ling Han.

Boom!

Ling Han felt his body tremble, and an incredibly deep power surged over madly.

He hurriedly channelled the Brother Monkey Cultivation Technique, to absorb as much power as possible. Otherwise, if it overflowed out of the formations, it would be a complete waste.