Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3179  Kneeling Firmly

Boom, the eleventh meridian was presently widening like crazy.

The power that surged in was really too shocking. It washed over and over again through Ling Han's meridians, removing the impurities, making them even wider.

There was no time limit. As long as the formation was still channeling, this kind of power would be endless.

The 30,000 jade seeds seemed to be burning, releasing their essence, turning into endless energy to feed Ling Han.

Eleven Meridians middle stage, late stage, peak stage… the speed of advancement was astonishingly fast.

However, he had more or less exhausted the pile of jade seeds.

It was really a rich man's formation. In just half a day, 30,000 jade seeds which was equivalent to three million Dark North Coins were gone just like that.

"Just a little bit more."

Ling Han thought to himself. He began to charge towards Twelve Meridians.

He had sensed it!

He guided the last bit of power to attack. Boom, boom, boom, like floodwaters crashing onto the shore, very quickly, the blocked meridians were opened, completing the first circulation.

At this point, all Twelve Meridians had been unlocked. This was the pinnacle of Meridian Opening Tier.

"Brother—" A voice suddenly rang out in Ling Han's mind.

This was… Brother Monkey!

Ling Han was shocked. Brother Monkey had escaped?

"Don't be nervous. This is something that Old Sun left in your head long ago. It will only be triggered when you reach Twelve Meridians." Brother Monkey's voice sounded again.

So that was how it was. Ling Han nodded. What did Brother Monkey want to say to him that he had to do this?

"Previously, your cultivation level was too low, so it was meaningless to say anything. Thus, Old Sun stayed until this moment," Brother Monkey continued.

"In the ordinary sense, the peak stage of the Meridian Opening Tier is indeed the Twelve Meridians. However, if you want to pursue the pinnacle level, then you've only walked half the path of the Meridian Opening Tier."

"Aside from the twelve true meridians, there are also eight extraordinary meridians in the human body."

"Extraordinary Eight Meridians, also known as the Hidden Meridians. The difficulty of sensing them is ten times more than the true meridians."

"Thus, there are pitifully few who can open the extrardinary meridians."

"However, in order to reach the peak of cultivation, you have to do what others can't."

"Brother, don't covet advancement. Although Meridian Opening Tier is insignificant, it's the foundation of a tall building. If the foundation isn't strong enough, there's no need to mention anything else."

"Remember! Remember!"

Ling Han listened quietly, but after committing it to memory, the monkey's voice no longer rang out.

He mumbled, "Brother Monkey didn't say at the time, probably because he was afraid of hurting me."

"Hehe, Brother Monkey doesn't know that my willpower is tenacious. My goal was actually to break through to the pinnacle of every cultivation level."

"To be like everyone else, means the person is destined to disappear within the masses."

"Therefore, to really be outstanding, relying on one's meridians being wider as compared to others is not sufficient. I still need to open up more meridians."

"Then if I can open up an extraordinary meridian, would it be comparable to the Blood Transformation Tier?"

"It'll probably be very difficult. After all, that is the gap between major tiers, but I'm sure that after opening up four to five meridians, my strength should not be inferior to that of the Blood Transformation Tier."

"Alright, I'll work hard to earn money, and then set up another rich man's formation."

The jade seeds had already been exhausted, and Ling Han stood up. He had initially thought that he would be able to break through to Blood Transformation Tier, but unexpectedly he had only cultivated halfway through Meridian Opening Tier.

If he wanted to quickly increase his cultivation level, he would need to use the rich man's formation, or natural treasures such as the Volcanic Fruit. However, how could natural treasures be obtained just because he wanted them? Thus, it was naturally the former that was more practical.

Ling Han began to concoct alchemical pills with all his might.

Every single alchemical pill was a cornerstone for him to increase his strength. With one more alchemical pill, the cornerstone would be slightly more stable.

He had tremendous pressure and motivation to earn money, so he began to attempt concocting two cauldrons' worth of alchemical pills at once.

Nothing was impossible. If he didn't try, how could there be a miracle?

Moreover, this was only the lowest grade of alchemical pill, so there shouldn't be any problem.

At this moment, Ling Han's meticulous control over his spiritual power finally revealed its might. He was able to multitask and take care of everything completely.

Then could he concoct three cauldrons at the same time?

With the motivation to earn money, Ling Han became even more fervent.

Three cauldrons… yes he could!

Then, four cauldrons.

Four cauldrons… could work too!

Five cauldrons.

Er, five cauldrons had failed.

Ling Han shook his head. Right now, his limit was to multitask with four cauldrons. He couldn't divert any more attention. Otherwise, he would only ruin the entire situation.

So be it if it was four cauldrons. At least, his efficiency had increased by three times.

After seven days, Ling Han had concocted a total of close to 900 Meridian Exploration Pills. Even he found this a little hard to believe. This was really too crazy.

And when Mo Guohao received these alchemical pills, he almost knelt on the ground.

Even the reincarnation of the God of Medicine would only be like this, right? Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

'Here, take my knees. I'm kneeling firmly.'

He already didn't know what else to say. Was this still an Elementary Level alchemist?

No, even grandmasters would probably be dumbfounded and sigh in inferiority, if it was merely in terms of the concoction of Meridian Exploration Pills.

This young man was going to become the legendary god of alchemy.

"With so many Meridian Exploration Pills, it is impossible to auction them off all at once. That way, it would not be able to get such a high price." After calming down, Mo Guohao returned to his true nature as a businessman.

Ling Han nodded, "You can slowly auction it off, but I need an advance payment."

"How much?" Mo Guohao asked.

"Maybe ten million," Ling Han said.

Mo Guohao gritted his teeth. Ling Han was really not treating him with reserve.

However, a Meridian Exploration Pill was worth more than 20,000, and Ling Han could obtain at least 20,000. With close to 900 Meridian Exploration Pills being produced, it was actually not too much for Ling Han to ask for an advance of 10 million.

"All right." He nodded. Actually, he did not have that much liquid funds, and needed to borrow some, but with his present reputation and status, what private bank would reject him?

Mo Guohao was efficient in doing business, and in just two days, he had transferred all ten million Dark North Coins into Ling Han's account.

Ling Han was extremely pleased. He could splurge for three more times.

He bought another 90,000 jade seeds and practically gave the boss a fright. This guy was too rich and willful, wasn't he?

When the jade seeds had been delivered, Ling Han activated the Thousand Clouds Formation again. There were too many elites in the Dark North Nation. Merely having the title of Formation Master and Alchemist was not enough. Only true strength was what one could truly rely on.

Boom, the rich man's formation was activated, and a large amount of mystical power surged out once more, surging towards Ling Han.

Come, come, come.

Ling Han channeled the Brother Monkey Cultivation Technique, stimulating this power to circulate within his body. The twelve true meridians were rapidly widening, and in just half a day, he had reached the pinnacle, unable to go any further. Otherwise, his meridians would only be shattered.

'All right, I'll sense for the Extraordinary Eight Meridians.'

Ling Han thought for a moment, then ingested a Meridian Exploration Pill. Though he was confident in himself, with something that could clearly decrease the difficulty level, why did he have to make things difficult for himself?

Just as Brother Monkey had said, the Extraordinary Eight Meridians were too difficult to sense.

Even with the help of the Meridian Exploration Pill. En, the Meridian Exploration Pill should be more suitable for sensing the ordinary meridians. If one were to explore extraordinary meridians, its effectiveness might drop to 5% or even lower.

Ling Han used his mental power, and similarly examined himself, looking for a breakthrough point.

"Huan Xue, come!"