Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3180 Extraordinary Eight Meridians

Once the rich man's formation was activated, there was no way to stop, unless the energy was exhausted.

At present, Ling Han was just looking for the meridian. He only needed a little bit of energy, and it would be a waste if he spent too much. There was no meridian for him to expand.

Hence, it could not be wasted.

The little handmaiden entered into the formation, and absorbed the majestic energy. Her cultivation level instantly soared.

The energy that she needed did not have to be too pure. From this aspect, the speed of her cultivation was enough to be ten times faster than Ling Han. However, the efficiency of the Xuanhuang Technique was far from being comparable to the Brother Monkey Cultivation Technique. Thus, if Ling Han were to cultivate under normal conditions, it would actually be Ling Han that would be advancing slightly faster.

Ling Han ignored her and focused completely on himself, exploring the first of the Extraordinary Eight Meridians.

After about an hour, his body suddenly trembled, and he opened his mouth, spitting out a mouthful of blood.

"Young Master, what's wrong?!" Huan Xue hurriedly went to help him.

—The formation had stopped channeling half an hour ago, and the jade seeds had been completely expended.

"I'm fine," Ling Han said with a smile, an expression of wild joy on his face.

He found the first Extraordinary Meridian, but because the formation had stopped, he couldn't extract any power from it, so he couldn't open it.

Ling Han placed the jade seeds in their proper positions, and began again.

Boom, the surging power came again. Ling Han guided this power, and opened up the first Extraordinary Meridian. Then, he expanded it again and again, and his cultivation level increased extremely quickly.

Another half day passed, and Ling Han finally stopped. The first Extraordinary Meridian had already been expanded to the extreme.

He did not use the last batch of jade seeds, because he first had to sense the second Extraordinary Meridian, which he would use the morning's cultivation time to open, and then use the rich man's formation to expand it to the extreme.

Unfortunately, Ling Han didn't sense the second Extraordinary Meridian on the morning of the second day, which made him slightly disappointed.

He turned on the optical computer and started to search on the online platform.

He couldn't find any information about the Extraordinary Eight Meridians. Finally, he issued a bounty, and only then did someone answer.

"The Extraordinary Eight Meridians are known as the Hidden Meridians. It's said that it also belongs to the Meridian Opening Tier. In other words, the maximum limit for the Meridian Opening Tier is twenty Meridians, but for a long time, I've never heard of anyone unblocking an Extraordinary Meridian. It's just a legend."

"It's still a rumor. The Extraordinary Eight Meridians are the Du Meridian, Ren Meridian, Chong Meridian, Dan Meridian, Yang Wei Meridian, Yin Wei Meridian, Yin Qi Meridian, and Yang Qi Meridian. However, only their names are known, and it's hard to confirm whether they are real or fake."

Though there was very little information, it was at least the only introduction to the Extraordinary Eight Meridians that Ling Han had obtained. Thus, he readily approved of this answer and paid. In any case, it was not expensive, just one yuan.

"Unfortunately, Brother Monkey didn't say anything else, causing me to only be able to grope around blindly. Thankfully, I only have to continue sensing my meridians."

Another day later, Ling Han finally sensed the second hidden meridian. He used the mystical power that came with dawn to open it, and then used the rich man's formation to expand it to its limit.

"One is on my back, one is on my abdomen, like one yin and one yang. Vaguely, my Twelve Meridians have also converged with them, and there is some kind of connection."

"My meridians are clear. I feel like there seems to be a great dragon hidden in my body, possessing the power to overturn rivers and seas."

"Oh, that's right. I should go and test out my current strength."

He ran to the camp of the Xuanqing Banner. Because it was night, and he kept a very low profile, only the guards knew that he had come, and did not alert anyone else.

He arrived at the training ground and found a strength tester.

Peng, he shot out a punch, and as a result… it was a tragedy. This strength tester had actually been smashed by him forcefully, producing a loud sound.

F***!

Ling Han hurriedly broke into a run, because he had already heard the commotion. A great many people were rushing over.

He ran out, and after a while, three people came out of the training ground, discussing animatedly.

"How strange. Who would be so bored to actually dismantle the strength tester?"

"It couldn't have been damaged by someone, right?"

"How could that be? That's enough to withstand the power of the peak stage of the Twelve Meridians. When have you seen any captains destroy the strength tester during any demonstrations?"

"But who would deliberately destroy the strength tester?"

"Freak, right?"

"A psycho."

"Retard."

The three of them came to a conclusion, and thought that this person must be mentally abnormal.

F***!

Ling Han immediately dashed out from the shadows.

"Yi, Captain Ling!" When the three people saw Ling Han, their faces were filled with pleasant surprise and incomparable admiration.

In the end, they were violently thrashed by Ling Han, and screamed in pain.

However, after Ling Han stopped, he tossed each of them a Meridian Exploration Pill, which could be considered as medical compensation.

"Hiss, what's wrong with Captain Ling? Why did he beat us up without rhyme or reason?"

"Did he have his heart broken or something?"

"Yi, this is Meridian Exploration Pill!"

"F***, that's 5,000 per pill."

"We've made a profit this time. If being beaten up can be traded for a Meridian Exploration Pill, I'm willing to be trampled on every day!"

"Captain Ling is too awesome!"

The three of them were confused at first, but soon became excited — if they knew that this was the modified Meridian Exploration Pill, they would definitely be even more pleasantly surprised.

"Aren't you on leave? Why have you come here?" A cold voice rang out from behind Ling Han.

Ling Han turned around, only to see Lian Xuerong standing behind him.

He smiled, and said, "Banner Lord, I came to test my strength."

"You broke through to Eleven Meridians?" Lian Xuerong asked, surprise flashing across her pretty face. It had only been less than a month, and this brat had already advanced from Ten Meridians to Eleven Meridians. This was truly amazing. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"En, now it's the peak stage of the Twelve Meridians," Ling Han said.

Lian Xuerong's expression instantly froze. Twelve Meridians? Was that possible? It had not even been a month. Do you think it will be like when you have just begun cultivating? Then with the Spirit Gathering Formation, one can indeed achieve the miracle of breaking through to two consecutive levels in a single month.

"All right. Attack me with all your might," she recovered.

"Sure!" Ling Han waved his fist, using Lian Xuerong as a strength tester. He wanted to see how far he was from the Blood Transformation Tier after opening two Extraordinary Meridians.

Lian Xuerong almost couldn't stop herself from kicking him. This brat's gaze was really too despicable.

"Come," she said coldly. She made up her mind to return Ling Han's punch with a palm strike to teach this brat a lesson.

Ling Han gathered all his power, and then shot out a punch.

This punch was extraordinarily fast. The power of the punch compressed the air, emitting sonic booms. As the force was released, it actually turned into a fist that was visible to the naked eye, that shot towards Lian Xuerong.

This was because the speed of the punch was too fast, reaching or even surpassing the transmission of sound, so that the power of the punch became visible to the naked eye.

Lian Xuerong instantly looked shocked. It should be known that even a Twelve Meridians peak stage martial artist could not possibly make the speed of his fist reach the speed of sound. This was an ability that could only be possessed by a Blood Transformation Tier elite.

Thus, when she saw the momentum of Ling Han's punch, she was naturally stunned.

If she didn't know that this guy was Ling Han, she would really think that it was a Blood Transformation Tier elite making a move.

Peng! The punch arrived.