Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3181 Blood Changing Five Transformations

Lian Xuerong lightly sent out a palm strike, blocking this punch from Ling Han.

Their fist and palm didn't truly come into contact. Instead, they were separated by at least six meters, and a fierce collision of power had already taken place. The dust on the ground was sent flying, turning into a mushroom cloud.

Ling Han felt a powerful power rebound back at him, causing him to involuntarily retreat continuously.

On the other hand, Lian Xuerong was standing firmly.

Sigh, this was still inferior to Blood Transformation Tier.

"Are you trying to defy the heavens?" Lian Xuerong couldn't help but exclaim.

"Am I?" Ling Han shook his head, and said, "I'm considerably inferior to you."

Lian Xuerong was speechless for a moment. Brat, could it be that you want to defeat me with the cultivation level of Meridian Opening Tier?

She shook her head, "Do you know what cultivation level I am at?"

"Blood Transformation Tier," Ling Han said. This wasn't a secret.

"I am indeed a Blood Transformation Tier cultivator, but Blood Transformation Tier is the same as Meridian Opening Tier. It is similarly divided into several minor levels of cultivation level." Lian Xuerong said seriously, "Blood Transformation Tier - as the name goes, one has to transform all the blood in one's body."

"Ordinary blood is red, so after the first change, the blood turns purple. In a fierce battle, one can make the blood boil, and for a short period of time, burst out with twice, or even three times his usual power."

"In the second transformation, the purple blood turns black, and the blood is so strong that it solidifies and forms pillars. This is called the Condensed Blood Pillar."

"In the third change, the black blood turns silver, and blood can condense into the appearance of a fierce beast from the Ancient Age. It would soar out, and could kill with its aura alone. This is called the Condensed Blood Beast."

"In the fourth transformation, the silver blood turns gold, and blood can be condensed into a weapon, and the murderous aura becomes even stronger."

"In the fifth transformation, golden blood turns into crystalline colour, and blood condenses into a human form that has endless uses."

Lian Xuerong spoke of the five levels of the Blood Transformation Tier, paused, and said, "I am now in the third transformation, Condensed Blood Beast."

As she spoke, silver-colored blood rose from her body, turning into a three-legged bird, endless viciousness surging out from it.

Even with Ling Han's temperament, he still faltered. This three-legged bird made him feel a strong pressure. Even if it was just staring at him like that, it was enough to greatly reduce his strength.

Condensed Blood Beast, this was a suppression of cultivation level.

"I'm already standing at the third level of the Blood Transformation Tier, and you actually want to fight me to a tie. Should I say that your courage is commendable, or should I say that you're stupid?" Lian Xuerong shook her head.

Ling Han chuckled upon seeing this. The gulf between them was far too great.

"Then how far is the gap between me and the first level of the Blood Transformation Tier?" he asked.

Lian Xuerong pondered for a moment, then said, "In the first level of the Blood Transformation Tier, power Tier starts from 100,000 kilograms, and your current power has definitely reached 100,000 kilograms. It is not the slightest bit inferior to a newly advanced Blood Transformation Tier. In fact, it has even surpassed it. However, once you have advanced into the Blood Transformation Tier, one would be able to boil his blood, and burst out with two to three times the usual power. This is an advantage that you cannot hope to attain."

Ling Han nodded. Even if he only had 100,000 kilograms of strength, if he could increase it by two to three times, reaching 200,000 kilograms or even 300,000 kilograms of strength, just how terrifying would that be?

This wasn't the overlapping of power!

Just like a Seven Meridians, even if he could layer overlap ten layers of power, would he be able to withstand a punch from a Ten Meridians?

This was the advantage in terms of cultivation level. In essence, this was a crushing advantage.

"However, boiling blood also has a time limit, no more than ten minutes. Then, it would need at least five to six hours to calm down, and those who need longer may even need a day, depending on the individual." Lian Xuerong said, "So if you can avoid these ten minutes or so of a power burst, then it would not be difficult for you to match, or even defeat, a Blood Transformation Tier."

Ling Han nodded. Unless his power could be further increased, would he be able to withstand the explosive power of 200,000 kilograms or even 300,000 kilograms? He would only be crushed into dust.

No one had made it a rule that if one defeated an enemy, they had to suppress them head-on. Using one's strengths and avoiding one's weaknesses was the way to go.

"How exactly do you cultivate?" Lian Xuerong was curious, "I know that a great many prodigies can break through the limit of 50,000kg of strength at the peak of Twelve Meridians, but even Tuoba Tianhuang only seems to have about 75,000kg of strength. Compared to you…"

She shook her head. This gap was really too obvious.

Ling Han's expression became solemn. He really could not underestimate the people of this world.

Tuoba Tianhuang could be called the strongest of the younger generation, and was even acclaimed as an extraordinary prodigy that would only appear once every hundred years. He was indeed very awesome.

He chuckled, "I don't know either. I'm just cultivating like usual."

Regarding the matter of the Extraordinary Eight Meridians, he definitely couldn't tell anyone.

Lian Xuerong didn't think about this either. She only thought that Ling Han was born with extraordinary talent, and the pressure bearing ability of his meridians far surpassed that of ordinary people. He could allow power to surge out at a terrifying speed, and his explosive power was astonishing.

This was something that others could not envy, no matter what. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"By the looks of it, you really might be able to get the first place in this martial arts competition," she said. Then, her expression became very strange.

Previously, when Ling Han found out about the martial arts tournament, he had asked what the prize for the first place was. At the time, she had thought that Ling Han was dreaming, but now that she thought about it, could it be that this guy had long since known that his strength could improve so rapidly? Or was it that this guy was too shameless, and had soaring self-confidence?

"Go, fight for first place, and also make our Xuanqing Banner proud. The day after tomorrow, I will bring people to cheer you on." Lian Xuerong waved her hand.

Ling Han hurriedly left. He was really afraid that Lian Xuerong would cancel his leave and make him return to the army from tomorrow onwards.

After he left the base camp, he did not directly return to the city. Instead, he began to practice in a desolate neighbourhood.

He wanted to know his maximum battle prowess.

The limit of power he could release was… nine meters.

This didn't increase by much. Previously, it was already six meters. He didn't expect his power to increase so much, but the distance didn't increase by much.

Additionally, in the case of overlapping layers of power, it was fifteen layers.

This was only under normal circumstances. If he channeled the Brother Monkey Cultivation Technique, he could attain twenty layers.

"Even if it's a Blood Transformation Tier cultivator whose blood is boiling, as long as I avoid a head-on confrontation and deliver twenty layers of power, I don't believe that there is anyone I won't be able to defeat," Ling Han murmured. His battle prowess limit was equivalent to twenty Blood Transformation Tier First Change cultivators attacking at the same time. Who at the same cultivation level could block that?

He returned to his quarters, and began to anticipate what kind of rewards he would obtain in the martial arts tournament that would be held two days later.

A day later, he received an invitation, which was sent out by the City Lord's Residence.

As it turned out, the day after tomorrow was the eighteenth birthday of the Young Miss of the City Lord Residence.

"Since I've received an invitation, what kind of birthday gift should I prepare?" Ling Han rubbed his chin. He couldn't go empty-handed, right?

"I'll take a look at pill recipes. What women care about the most is naturally looks, especially beautiful women."

"The lifespan of the people in this world is extremely short, so their appearances also age easily. In that case, the effects should be quite good if I give you an Everlasting Youth Pill."

"Alright, let's go to the online platform and see if there are any pill recipes like this."

Ling Han immediately did as he said. He opened the optical computer and began searching.