Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3182 Everlasting Youth Pill

Everlasting Youth Pill was the favorite of women, especially beautiful women. Who didn't want to preserve their most beautiful side forever?

Ling Han soon saw the information about Everlasting Youth Pill on the trading platform. Of course, it wasn't a completed pill, but an incomplete recipe.

—In the last era of civilization, there was indeed something like the Everlasting Youth Pill. However, with the destruction of this civilization, the recipe for the Everlasting Youth Pill had also been destroyed, and had not been completely passed on to this day. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

On this pill recipe, there was only an introduction to the effects of Everlasting Youth Pill, as well as the color and smell of the completed pill, and the method of assessing its quality. As for the specific ingredients needed, a corner of the page was missing. There wasn't much missing. At most, there were four medicinal ingredients missing. However, no matter how the alchemists of the modern era studied it, they were still unable to complete it.

"F***, even the incomplete recipe has to be sold for 10,000 Dark North Coins. Do you really think money comes from the wind?" Ling Han looked at the transaction information, and couldn't help but grit his teeth.

However, only one person had made the deal, so Ling Han could only accept it and bid on the pill recipe.

What could be seen on this page was only the introduction to Everlasting Youth Pill's functions, and below it were a great many messages, most of which were left by females, begging some Grandmaster to repair this pill recipe for the benefit of the world.

After Ling Han paid, it wasn't long before the "complete" pill recipe appeared before him.

He scanned the ingredients, then went to find out the specific uses of each ingredient. Then, he began to ponder.

In the Genesis World, Everlasting Youth Pills also existed, so what Ling Han had to do was very simple. He had to make a comparison between the two, and from there, find what was on the missing corner of the page.

After only half a day, Ling Han murmured, "I have three options, but I don't know which one is the most correct."

He immediately went to buy medicinal ingredients, then began to concoct alchemical pills.

The Everlasting Youth Pill had very low requirements for formations, so it was very easily matched.

Ling Han released his Spiritual Power and activated the formations. Then, his Spiritual Power transformed into a hand that threw one medicinal ingredient after another into the formations.

Using his Spiritual power to grab medicinal ingredients would further decrease the impurities. No matter what, his hands would eventually be stained with something… but in the Genesis World, Ling Han's strength was too strong, so his hands naturally wouldn't be touched by the slightest bit of dust, so it didn't matter. Thus, Ling Han was gradually developing the habit of using his Spiritual power to grab medicinal ingredients now.

This was only an Elementary Level alchemical pill, and was very easy to concoct. Two hours later, Ling Han succeeded with a single attempt.

"Let's try the other two options."

He also concocted the Everlasting Youth Pill that corresponded to the other two options, totalling fourteen pills.

He analyzed the three types of Everlasting Youth Pills one by one. With the Alchemy Emperor's strength, he immediately made a judgement. The Everlasting Youth Pill that he refined from the second method would have the best effects.

"The effects of the other two types are about three years, but this one is five years. Furthermore, it can also make one's skin glow." Ling Han nodded, and resolutely threw away the inferior goods. How could the Alchemy Emperor sell inferior goods?

"This should also be able to sell for a high price."

"I'll go find Mo Guohao and give him the pill recipe as well. I'll take a direct share of the profits, which will save me some energy. Otherwise, with more and more alchemical pills that I have to refine, how will I be able to spare the time to concoct this?"

"It doesn't matter if I earn less. The fundamental purpose of my alchemy isn't for money, but to increase my strength and make preparations for Luan Xing and the others after they come out."

Ling Han made a trip to Mercy Medicine Hall.

It was really coincidental. He had just arrived at the entrance, when he saw Zhong Yangbi walk out from within.

The other party also discovered him at the same time, and his eyes immediately became fierce, as if he wanted nothing more than to devour him.

"Ling, Han!" he forced out through gritted teeth.

Ling Han acted as if he had not heard anything. He entered into the pharmacy, and directly went up to the second floor. Mo Guohao had long since instructed the staff that Ling Han could come and go freely here.

He was ostentatiously ignored.

Zhong Yangbi clenched his fists, filled with fury.

He really couldn't figure out why his Master would be so polite to the deputy captain of Xuanqing Banner. Wasn't it because that he was just a little better at fighting? But no matter how good he was at fighting, how could he compare to Tuoba Tianhuang?

'There's no way I'm going to swallow this!' he thought.

How could Ling Han possibly care? He went up to the second floor and entered Mo Guohao's study. Mo Guohao just happened to be drinking tea after going through his accounts.

"Young friend Ling, how come you have the time to come and play today?" Mo Guohao asked smilingly. He knew that Ling Han was an alchemy mania. Otherwise, there was absolutely no way he could have concocted nine hundred Meridian Exploration Pills in a single week. He was practically like a maniac.

Speaking of which, he still didn't understand how Ling Han had managed to concoct so many Meridian Exploration Pills. This was because even if he had a 100% success rate and concocted them 24 hours a day, there was still far from enough time.

Ling Han took out a bottle of alchemical pills and placed it on the table. He said, "This is Everlasting Youth Pill."

Pu!

The pitiful Mo Guohao had just taken a sip of tea, yet all of a sudden spluttered out, causing him to cough endlessly.

Was this for real?

"Young friend, you, you, you are really going to defy the heavens!" He hurriedly grabbed the pill bottle, opened it, and poured out a pill to carefully observe.

Regarding Ling Han's natural talent in alchemy, aside from feeling rueful, he had nothing else to say.

After a while, Mo Guohao revealed a shocked expression, and said, "This is indeed Everlasting Youth Pill. It completely matches the description on the pill recipe. This smell, this color, and…" He pinched a bit, then nodded, "And this smell, after ingesting it, there is a kind of vitality factor. Yi!"

He was even more stunned, "There is actually a sliver of whitening effect!"

This wasn't just the Everlasting Youth Pill, it was practically the whitening Everlasting Youth Pill.

"Young friend!" His face was filled with excitement. "The modifications to the Meridian Exploration Pill and the Mystical Power Pill benefits the nation and the people, enough to allow your name to be remembered for a hundred lifetimes! However, the completion of the Everlasting Youth Pill can truly bring you mountains of gold and silver."

"Oh, does the Everlasting Youth Pill have such great effects?" Ling Han asked with a smile.

"This is not a question of whether one's abilities would improve or not, but rather a question of how much a woman would be willing to pay for this item." Mo Guohao was extremely rueful, "Though the main force in this world for making money is men, the main force for spending money is women. And having one's youth last forever is every woman's dream."

"For the sake of your dream, how much are you willing to pay?"

He countered Ling Han's question.

"To the point of bankruptcy," Ling Han said. He was speaking the truth. Just look, he had spent more than 10 million without batting an eyelid. Wasn't it all for the sake of speeding up his cultivation?

"That's right," Mo Guohao said with a smile. "Thus, even if Everlasting Youth Pills are sold for 100,000 each, I guarantee that the supply will not be able to meet the demand. No matter how large the quantity, there is no need to worry about not being able to sell."

Ling Han nodded and said, "I want to gift this pill recipe to you. In the future, I'll take 10% off the profit of every Everlasting Youth Pill that you sell."

Hiss!

Mo Guohao looked at Ling Han in shock. He had just analyzed with Ling Han how popular Everlasting Youth Pill would be, but in the next turn, Ling Han was willing to part with the pill recipe, and only take 10% of the profits.

A good person?

No, this was so good that he had practically become an idiot.