Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3184 Battling an assassin from Hell

"Young Master?" The little female attendant rubbed her eyes as she walked out. She had been cultivating today, so she was sleeping very soundly. Now, she was still a little dazed.

However, when she saw the ongoing battle in the courtyard, she immediately came back to her senses.

"There's no need to be nervous. Just see how your Young Master will show his might," Ling Han said in a clear voice, appearing to be filled with confidence.

The little female attendant immediately calmed down. She was filled with confidence in Ling Han.

"Arrogance!" Zhang San also calmed down. It was indeed inconceivable that a Meridian Opening Tier cultivator would possess such powerful strength. However, no matter what, that was only a Meridian Opening Tier cultivator, and could not possibly possess the ability of a Blood Transformation Tier cultivator.

"I'll let you see the true strength of a Blood Transformation Tier elite!"

With a battle cry, all the blood in his body surged, wrapping around the sword's blade, causing the originally blazing white sword's blade to become dark red, as if it was dripping blood.

Shua, the sword slashed over. The blade of the sword actually split apart Ling Han's force, as if it was unhindered.

Yi?

Ling Han was astonished. After being boosted with blood, it actually had such an effect?

"This is a crushing advantage in terms of quality of mystical power, brat!" Zhang San smirked coldly. His sword drew closer and closer, its cold light dazzling. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

"Is that so?" Ling Han didn't hold back any longer. He channeled the Demonic Monkey Fists. Instantly, his battle prowess soared.

The Demonic Monkey Fists was extremely crafty and agile, yet it didn't lose its domineering aura. He was like the Guardian Deity Monkey from the ancient times, capable of killing even True Dragons.

Most importantly, after channeling the Demonic Monkey Fists, Ling Han's power could be stacked up to fifteen layers!

He didn't channel the fifteen overlapping layers of power all at once. Instead, he shot out ten overlapping layers of power.

However,10 overlapping layers of power was also incredibly terrifying. It was equivalent to 10 Ling Hans attacking at the same time. If one was hit even once, that would be fatal.

Boom, he shot out a punch. Soundwaves overlapped, turning into a fist that was visible to the naked eye, that blasted towards Zhang San.

"Shatter!" Zhang San's sword swept out, and this fist was immediately sliced open, but it was all right. The two halves of the fist still shot towards him, and their might did not decrease by much.

"What?!"

Zhang San was stunned. With this strike from him, with the suppression of the Blood Transformation Tier, he actually did not manage to crumble Ling Han's attack?

Just how solid was the power of this punch?

He did not dare take it head-on, and hurriedly dodged. Peng, this punch missed its target, and landed on the wall behind him, immediately creating a large hole soundlessly.

Zhang San and Li Si inhaled sharply at the same time. How powerful had this punch been to be able to create such a large hole in a wall without causing the slightest bit of commotion?

"How troublesome!" Zhang San said. "I'm going to use my ultimate move."

"Yes." Li Si nodded.

Blood Transformation Tier elites' strongest trait was their ability to boil their blood, thereby increasing their power by twofold or even threefold in a short amount of time. Under the suppression of such overwhelming power, who could resist?

Zhang San let out a soft roar. Boom! A cloud of blood exploded from his body, and his eyes also became blood-red. His aura instantly soared to a new height.

He abandoned even his sword, and tossed it aside. His hands formed into claws, as if he was a wolf that had gone mad.

Ling Han's expression became serious. Under the boiling of his blood, a Blood Transformation Tier cultivator could increase his power by two to three times. This was extremely terrifying, and could completely crush him.

However, come at me!

"Die, young man!" Zhang San charged over. In this instant, his speed surpassed sound, and only the movement of his mouth could be seen. Only when the claw arrived did the sound travel over.

Ling Han didn't take it head-on. At least ten minutes was Zhang San's explosive period, so he definitely couldn't face it head-on.

He slid towards the side, but when he shot out a punch, the power of 15 layers stacked together.

"Mere tricks!" Zhang San smirked coldly, and shot out a grab. Peng, the force of Ling Han's punch was immediately shattered.

Fifteen overlapping layers of power was also useless.

Ling Han gritted his teeth. This Blood Transformation Tier elite that was in a state of berserk was truly a freak.

"Die! Die! Die!" Zhang San attacked repeatedly.

Ling Han dodged, but he was definitely not just taking a beating. He was also taking advantage of the openings to deliver a punch. Even if it was only three or four overlapping layers of power, Zhang San would still have to respond. He could only dodge, or shatter the attacks, and definitely could not take it head-on. Otherwise, he would also be in deep trouble.

The more Zhang San fought, the more anxious he became. Five minutes had already passed, and he actually still hadn't managed to take Ling Han down.

It should be known that he could only burst for ten minutes, and by then, his battle prowess would return to normal. To say nothing of killing Ling Han, it was even possible that the latter would turn the tables around and win.

"Old Xu, help!" he called out to Li Si.

Li Si glanced at Huan Xue. She shouldn't be as freakish as Ling Han, right?

However, since the other party did not make a move, he would not waste his energy either. He immediately boiled his blood. Boom, his power soared explosively.

Xiu, he charged out, his speed even faster than sound, and shot out a punch at Ling Han.

Under such explosive power, ordinary weapons were only a burden to them. Thus, the two assassins gave up on using weapons, and instead used their hands.

This was a part of his body, so it was naturally the most handy.

Their current strength was as high as 250,000kg or so. As long as he was hit once, it was guaranteed that Ling Han's legs would be broken, his arms would be broken, and his chest would directly explode.

Ling Han's situation instantly became difficult.

His speed was actually inferior to Zhang San and Li Si. Previously, he had been able to dodge repeatedly because he had eyes that had surpassed his cultivation level. Before Zhang San had even pounced over, he could already determine the course of his attack. Thus, he had made preparations in advance.

In this way, he would be able to compensate for the fact that his speed was inferior.

But now?

Two great Blood Transformation Tier elites, and furthermore, their blood was boiling, increasing their power by two to three times. Each of them possessed speed that surpassed sound, and their power was strong enough to insta-kill Ling Han in a single strike. How terrifying was this kind of threat?

Ling Han's vitality couldn't help but increase to the extreme. His brain was channeling at an extremely high speed, capturing every move of the two of them. Then, he would make his calculations and determine the course of attack of the two of them. From there, he would be able to dodge in advance and turn the situation around.

At the same time, he was also throwing punches, which affected the two assassins, buying himself a sliver of time to catch his breath.

The movements of the three of them were extremely fast, and every gust of wind that was shot out caused massive damage to this room. Very soon, the whole courtyard had been turned into ruins.

This place was extremely remote, and there were only other people living very far away. Thus, the commotion caused by the demolition of the house did not attract the attention of the neighbors.

Beads of sweat dripped down Ling Han's forehead like rain.

He was extremely tense. Even though he hadn't thrown many punches and had been dodging all this while, he couldn't make the slightest mistake now. Otherwise, he would die. Under this burden and pressure, Ling Han felt like he was walking on thin ice every second, on the verge of collapse.

However, he persevered.

Ling Han's incredible luck was most likely part of the reason for this. Otherwise, it was always possible for people to make mistakes. If they made a mistake, they would be condemned for all eternity.

Five minutes passed, and Zhang San's power was the first to fall. The boiling of his blood had already ended.