Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3185 Retreat

Once Zhang San's burst period ended, Ling Han's pressure instantly decreased drastically.

Although he was still being attacked by two Blood Transformation Tier elites at the same time, one of them was already at the same battle prowess as him. In fact, he was even slightly inferior to him. This was because after he channeled the Demonic Monkey Fists, the power of his attacks stacked up to 15 times. This gave Zhang San a huge headache, and he similarly didn't dare to face these attacks head-on.

Right now, Ling Han didn't dare to face Li Si's attacks head-on. Meanwhile, Zhang San didn't dare to face Ling Han's attacks head-on.

The scene was strange. Ling Han was hiding from Li Si, while Zhang San was avoiding Ling Han, as if they were playing hide and seek.

The more Ling Han fought, the more confident he became. He had already resolved a threat, so as long as he delayed for another five minutes, Li Si's explosive period would also end.

At that time, it would be his turn to show his might.

Another two minutes later, the expressions of the two assassins changed drastically.

If this continued, it was possible that they would die here today.

This Twelve Meridians was practically a monster!

No, they had to retreat. This monster had to be dealt with by someone stronger from the organization.

"Let's go!" The two of them set off at the same time, dashing quickly.

Ling Han chased after him, but did not dare to get too close, because Li Si was still in a burst of power. If the latter was using the retreat as a trap for him, and took the chance to deliver a fatal strike on him, then wouldn't he die too unjustly? Furthermore, the speed of the two of them was superior to his, and after a few leaps, he was left far behind.

He couldn't catch up.

Ling Han stopped, and frowned slightly. Looks like if he did not get rid of Yan Jun and Yang Ziqing, there would still be an endless stream of such assassins. This time, it was a First Change Blood Transformation Tier, and in future, it would be Second Change, Third Change, and so on. Would his advancement always be able to keep up?

Furthermore, this kind of passive beating was also not in line with Ling Han's personality.

The house had already been destroyed, so they naturally couldn't stay any longer. Ling Han brought his little maid with him and found a hotel to stay in — at first, they thought that they were a couple, and booked a single room for them without even asking, causing Huan Xue's pretty face to flush red.

Ling Han naturally asked for two rooms. He didn't lack money now, even if it was two hundred Dark North Coins for a night, he wouldn't mind.

On the second day, he first went to the Mercy Medicine Hall to prevent them from thinking that something had happened to him if they couldn't find him. Then, he called Pan Hu to the side and asked about the assassin.

"If we're talking about assassin organizations, it's definitely Hell," Pan Hu said. "It's said that their success rate is around 90%. There's practically no one they can't kill—Young Master Han, who do you dislike and want to get rid of?"

Ling Han smacked the back of Pan Hu's head, and said, "Do you think everyone is like you?"

Pan Hu smiled sheepishly, thinking, 'You asked about an assassin organization, so could it be that you were just curious?'

Hell Organization?

After Ling Han returned, he used the optical computer to investigate the situation of this organization. Sure enough, it was as Pan Hu had said. This organization was well-known. Though it belonged to the category of being severely repressed by the Dark North Nation, it had not been eliminated until now because it was good at concealing the identities of its members.

This organization claimed that there was no target that could not be killed. The most resounding battle merit was the assassination of a City Lord, an elite of Extreme Bone Tier.

Meridian Opening, Blood Transformation, Extreme Bone. Extreme Bone Tier were the third level of martial arts.

"There's no need for an elite of the Extreme Bone Tier to move. It only has to be a Second Change Blood Transformation Tier, and I won't be able to match him," Ling Han muttered.

Hence, if the assassins from Hell made a comeback, he would not be able to stop them.

"Should I also contact this organization and kill Yan Jun?"

Ling Han thought. In any case, what he lacked the least now was money.

The problem was, how was he supposed to contact the people from Hell?

This was a target that had been severely repressed by the Dark North Nation, so how could he possibly leave a message on the net so openly and boldly?

'Forget it, I'll move to Xuanqing Banner in a few days. I don't believe that they would dare to even charge into the army camp,' Ling Han thought. There was Lian Xuerong, a Third Change Blood Transformation Tier, standing guard there.

It was only a single day, and the entire Huju City was once again in an uproar.

Previously, it was the modified version of the Meridian Exploration Pill, which made a great many people who were stuck in their cultivation levels overjoyed. However, this kind of pill had existed before, after all, and it was only the effects that were improved. But this time was different. The Everlasting Youth Pill had suddenly appeared out of nowhere, causing all the noblewomen and young mistresses to become restless.

One could actually retain his youth forever?

Although Mo Guohao said that one Everlasting Youth Pill could only maintain one's appearance for five years, one could take another five years later. One's lifetime was only over a hundred years, so how many pills would one need?

They would buy it even if the price was astronomical!

However, what disappointed these women who were already prepared to empty their purses and fight over it like crazy was the fact that the Everlasting Youth Pill would only be released next month.

When Ling Han heard this, he couldn't help but smile faintly. He had kept these people hanging for a month, so once it was sold, they would definitely not be short of money. Additionally, if he held it back for a month, only then would he be able to show the preciousness of the gift he had given to the City Lord's beloved daughter.

One day, two days, time passed quietly, and it was the day of the birthday of the City Lord's beloved daughter.

At night, there were as many guests as clouds.

The City Lord was naturally the most powerful person in the entire Huju City. His daughter was celebrating her eighteenth birthday, so who would not give him some face and attend?

The members of the older generation naturally couldn't bring themselves to come personally to show their support. However, the young members of the clans all came bearing valuable gifts, and none of the clans would lack such gifts.

Of course, if one's class wasn't high enough, they wouldn't even have the chance to deliver gifts.

Ling Han had the little female attendant guard the house, while he himself called for a car, and soon arrived at the city lord's residence.

"What is your name, sir?" Someone at the door stopped Ling Han, but was very polite.

"Ling Han," Ling Han replied.

That person searched for a while on the optical computer, and hurriedly said, "Esteemed guest, please."

The optical computer had a list of people invited to this banquet, and there were also differences in status among the guests. Ling Han belonged to the higher category, so this person-in-charge was very polite.

This wasn't Ling Han's first time entering the city lord's residence, and he had the mentality of an elite in the first place. Thus, his expression was natural, and he walked around everywhere. Unlike some people, whose legs trembled slightly after entering, their expressions also seemed extremely cautious, fearing that they would make a mistake and cause a great calamity.

He couldn't help but think of how he had also participated in a birthday banquet at the Ancient Dao Sect, yet he had been framed. Would he encounter something again this time?

It should be known that though he had obtained a great many benefits from the Divine Stone, his luck value was completely unable to offset his ability to attract aggression. Standing in the crowd, it was as if he would emit natural light, and no matter what, it would blind one or two people.

"Young Master Han!" Pan Hu squeezed his way over. Mo Guohao had been very popular recently, and as Mo Guohao's nephew, he had naturally received an invitation from the city lord's residence.

Ling Han nodded, and said, "You're here too." 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

"Young Master Han, do you know that this Young Miss of the City Lord's Residence was only born when the City Lord was seventy years old!" Pan Hu whispered into Ling Han's ear.

Seventy years old?

In other words, Feng Zisheng was almost 90 years old by now.

Yi, he really couldn't tell. Previously, Ling Han had seen Feng Zisheng once, and looking at Feng Zisheng's appearance, he was only in his forties.