Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3186 Gathering

Ling Han thought again. Even Ling Xuerong had once said that breaking through to the Blood Transformation Tier would allow one to gain an additional thirty years of lifespan. If breaking through to the Extreme Bone Tier was the same, then Feng Zisheng's lifespan would reach two hundred years old.

In comparison, wasn't 90 years old equivalent to an ordinary 40-year-old?

"That City Lord's Young Miss seems to be called Feng Ruoxian. Tsk, tsk, tsk, it's said that she's really as beautiful as a fairy," Pan Hu said with a tsk, his face filled with curiosity and a shred of yearning. "It's said that the City Lord intends to betroth this Young Miss to an Imperial Prince. However, the present Emperor hasn't confirmed an heir yet, so the City Lord doesn't dare to make a decision. If he bet on the wrong person, that would be terrible."

These words couldn't be said irresponsibly. If it was spread to the City Lord's ears, even if Feng Zisheng beheaded him, probably no one would dare to say anything.

Criticizing important ministers was a serious crime.

The fact that Pan Hu dared to say this to Ling Han was naturally a way to express his loyalty.

Ling Han smiled, and said, "I forgot to ask you. What powerful forces exist in the city?"

"Young Master Han, you've really asked the right person. I'm very knowledgeable," Pan Hu said. "The number one force in our Huju City is naturally the City Lord's residence."

"The City Lord, Lord Feng Zisheng, the strongest elite of Extreme Bone Tier. It is said that he has already tempered his Godly bones five times, and has the qualifications to charge towards the next major tier."

"Additionally, there's also an old butler in the city lord's residence. It's said that he was hunted down by his enemies all those years ago, and fortunately, the city lord came to his rescue, so he willingly became a slave. Now, his cultivation level is also that of Extreme Bone Tier, but it's not clear which level he's on."

"One level below the City Lord's residence, there are the three great clans of Zhao, Li, and Wenren. It's been said that they all have elites of Extreme Bone Tier within the clan."

"Look at the man in white over there. He's one of the well-known figures of the younger generation of the Wenren Clan. His name is Wenren Siyue. He's only 34 years old this year, yet he's already of First Change Blood Transformation Tier."

"And there, the one in yellow. That is Zhao Zhishu of the Zhao Clan, and he had advanced into the Blood Transformation Tier two years ago. He is only in his thirties, and has boundless future prospects."

"And this one—"

A perverted expression suddenly appeared on Pan Hu's face. He looked at a woman in a milky white dress, but this immediately attracted her attention. She turned around to glance at him, and this scared him so much that he immediately broke out in cold sweat.

This was a Blood Transformation Tier who possessed an absolute suppressive ability against normal people. One look from them was enough to scare them out of their wits.

"That is the most outstanding beauty of the Li Clan. Her name is Li Ziyue. Even though she is as beautiful as a celestial maiden, her personality couldn't be any more shrewish, and she is merciless in her attacks." Pan Hu shrunk his head, and said, "There was a second-generation young master of the Liu Clan. Just because he took a second glance at her, and said that this little girl is so beautiful, he was beaten to death."

"The Liu Clan is a noble clan that is only inferior to the three great forces. The clan has a Blood Transformation Tier elite on standby, but what use is that? They don't even dare to make a sound, and just let the matter go."

Ling Han looked over, only to see Wenren Siyue, Zhao Zhishu, and Li Ziyue gathered in a circle. There were many young men and women surrounding the trio, like stars revolving around the moon.

Outside this circle, other people were divided into six to seven small circles, and the scale was obviously much smaller.

"The Liu Clan, Yang Clan, Qi Clan, Hu Clan, Long Clan and Tuoba Clan. These six great clans are beneath the three great clans, and their clans have elites of Blood Transformation Tier. It is said that the ancestors of a few clans are presently cultivating in seclusion. Once they come out of the seclusion alive, there would be an additional force of Extreme Bone Tier in the city," Pan Hu said, pointing at those small circles.

These small circles all had a single person as their core, and seemed to be quite hostile towards each other. Occasionally, these small circles would also blend into the larger circles, and offer wine or something of the sort.

"Which one is Tuoba Tianhuang?" Ling Han asked.

"How could this martial arts maniac possibly come here!" Pan Hu shook his head, and pointed to the left. "There, that is Tuoba Gong of the Tuoba Clan, Tuoba Tianhuang's older cousin. In the past, he was also known as a prodigy, but following the rise of Tuoba Tianhuang, his glory has been completely overshadowed.

Ling Han looked over. It was a young man who looked to be in his mid-twenties. He had a dignified appearance, and his aura was extraordinary. However, there was an indescribable repression between his brows.

Originally a prodigy, and yet he was suppressed by his own clan brother - this was indeed depressing.

"Aside from these martial arts noble clans, there are also alchemists and formation masters," Pan Hu continued. "For example, the Chairperson of the Formations Association, Gu Tianhe, and the Chairperson of the Alchemist Society, Chairperson Zhou. Even if they themselves are only Blood Transformation Tier, they can match the noble clans that are Extreme Bone Tier-level. For example, my uncle-in-law, though he is only a Twelve Meridians, but because he is a Middle Level Alchemist, he has great prestige even among Blood Transformation Tiers."

"Especially now, with the introduction of the modified version of the Mystical Power Pill and the Meridian Exploration Pill, even the City Lord is praising them endlessly. They can probably be considered to be in the Extreme Bone Tier."

"Of course, all of this is thanks to Young Master Han."

In the end, he bootlicked Ling Han.

Ling Han chuckled. As long as Feng Zisheng knew that everything was done by him, it would be fine. What need was there for so many forces to circle around him all day? They would only disturb his cultivation process.

"Yi, Yan Jun has arrived!" Pan Hu suddenly exclaimed.

At the entrance, Yan Jun strode in, followed by Yang Ziqing.

The moment Yan Jun entered, he immediately attracted the attention of a great many people. This was the number one prodigy of formations, and his future accomplishments were immeasurable. Descendants of second-tier clans like the Liu Clan and the Qian Clan all surrounded him, extending their greetings to Yan Jun.

Yan Jun appeared modest and polite, but Ling Han could see the arrogance in his eyes. Obviously, even the clansmen of Blood Transformation Tier-level clans were not valued by him.

He was very ambitious. In future, he would go to the Imperial Capital and make a name for himself, becoming a powerful figure in the Dark North Nation.

A flash of killing intent flashed across Ling Han's cold eyes. There was absolutely no way he would allow Yan Jun to go to the Imperial Capital. He had already hired assassins to target him, and he still wanted to leave without a second thought?

Dream on.

"Young Master Han, do you have some kind of enmity with him?" Pan Hu asked.

Though this guy was ignorant and incompetent, he was very good at reading people's expressions. Upd𝒂ted chapters 𝒐n n𝒐velbin(.)com

"Oh, that's right!" Pan Hu clapped his hands, and said in a low voice, "It's said that this guy is currently courting the Banner Lord of Xuanqing Banner, and Young Master Han, you're also at the Xuanqing Banner. Hehe, I get it! I get it!"

What the hell do you know!

Ling Han swept a glance at Pan Hu. This guy naturally had misunderstood. However, Yan Jun was currently courting Lian Xuerong?

He nodded. He finally understood why Yan Jun was targeting him. At first, he had thought it was baffling, but from the look of things now, the root of the matter lay with Lian Xuerong.

However, just because of a little bit of suspicion, added with the matter of groundless accusation, he actually hired someone to commit murder?

He was really too petty.

Ling Han had always thought that no matter how prodigious a person was, as long as they weren't magnanimous enough, it was destined that they wouldn't have any great future prospects.

"Young Master Han, Young Master Han, what are you doing?" Pan Hu felt slightly panic-striken because Ling Han was currently taking large strides towards Yan Jun.

This was a meeting between rivals in love, filled with jealousy. Were they going to fight on the spot?