Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3187 Digging a Trap, Beating Someone Up

Pan Hu was astonished. Was Ling Han trying to stir up trouble?

This was the manor of the City Lord, and it was also Feng Ruoxian's birthday banquet. If he ruined the atmosphere at this time, how could the City Lord spare him so easily?

Even if you were being favored now, you shouldn't be so unrestrained.

No matter what kind of natural talent you possessed in alchemy, you would still need to depend on an elite, and definitely mustn't lose yourself in your conceit.

He hurriedly chased after him, but Ling Han's legs were long. Pa, pa, pa! He couldn't catch up at all.

"Brother Yan!" Ling Han stopped right in front of Yan Jun.

Yan Jun's eyes involuntarily flashed, and the gaze he directed at Ling Han was filled with fury.

The day before yesterday, he had been scolded by the Hell Organization again. In fact, they had even threatened to kill him, because he had provided false information again.

Ling Han wasn't a Ten Meridians at all, but rather a Twelve Meridians. In fact, he even possessed the strength to rival a Blood Transformation Tier.

To be honest, Yan Jun did not believe it. Even Tuoba Tianhuang, a supreme prodigy that would only appear once in a hundred years, was still unable to match a Blood Transformation Tier. How could Ling Han, a mere deputy captain of Xuanqing Banner, be capable of it?

However, he couldn't think of any reason for the Hell Organization to deceive him. Thus, he believed that there was an elite by Ling Han's side. In fact, it could be Lian Xuerong herself. If a Third Change elite made a move in secret, it was indeed possible for Ling Han to be saved.

With this in mind, he was naturally even more envious.

And now, this guy was actually strutting around in front of him?

"Hehe." He merely smiled insincerely. In front of the public, especially in a situation like today, he still cared a lot about his image.

"Ling Han, what are you trying to do?" Yang Ziqing stepped out.

"I'm talking to your master, so why are you interrupting?" Ling Han said with a smile. He pressed down on Yang Ziqing's shoulder, gave him a slight push and Yang Ziqing involuntarily had to step back.

Ling Han wrapped an arm around Yan Jun, and said, "Come, let's have a chat."

Who would want to chat with you? What was there to chat about?

Yan Jun wanted to break free. His accomplishments in formations weren't minor, and he was extremely talented. However, in martial arts, he was only average. The cultivation level of Twelve Meridians wasn't low, but compared with Ling Han, his power was far inferior, so how could he possibly break free?

But the others didn't know that. Even though Yan Jun was pushing and shoving him, it was clear that he wanted to refuse yet still allowed him to wrap an arm aroud him. Otherwise, how could he not be pushed aside?

You are a Twelve Meridians, all right? Everyone knew that.

What good friends, not forgetting to show off their affection even when they were here.

Pan Hu also came to an abrupt stop, his heart beating wildly, "F*ck, Young Master Han is indeed fond of a**!"

Ling Han lowered his voice and said, "Yan Jun, no matter how much you struggle, it will only be wasted effort! Banner Lord Lian is not someone that you can ever hope to ascend to be her equal."

These words infuriated Yan Jun. This was something that he cared about the most. A target that he had initially thought would be easy to deal with had unexpectedly become a thorn in his side, causing him to sink into a quagmire. He was already extremely frustrated to begin with, and with Ling Han's mockery, he was naturally even more furious.

He couldn't help but push forcefully at Ling Han.

This was an instinctive reaction, and with how powerful Ling Han was, it should have been futile. However, who would have thought that with this push, Ling Han would actually collapse to the ground?

He was taken aback. What was going on?

"Yan Jun, you are really too ruthless!" Ling Han immediately got to his feet, pointed at his nose, and said, "I was just talking to you nicely, and you actually took the chance to play dirty tricks on me. Shameless!"

Everyone was astounded. What was going on here? Just a moment ago, the two of them were flirting with one another, showing off their affection in public, and now they suddenly turned hostile?

They could clearly see that it was indeed Yan Jun who had taken advantage of Ling Han's carelessness and pushed him onto the ground.

Yi, how could Yan Jun lost control just like that? He was one of the well-known figures of the younger generation, and the most promising Formation Master. Why didn't he even have this bit of self-restraint?

This was Feng Ruoxian's birthday banquet. Aren't you afraid of offending the City Lord by doing this?

"Some things may be tolerable, but some can't be tolerated!" Ling Han strode over and gave Yan Jun a slap.

As Ling Han made his move, how was Yan Jun supposed to block?

Pa!

This slap landed crisply on Yan Jun's face.

Invigorating!

Ling Han thought to himself, 'Who told you to hire assassins to kill me? Fine, I'll beat you up first to vent my anger.'

Peng, peng, peng. Under Ling Han's mad thrashing, Yan Jun could only take the beating head-on. How could he possibly dodge them?

"Now you know how to feel guilt. Why did you push me just now?" Ling Han asked as he continued to slap him.

Who was feeling guilty? Who was feeling f****** guilty?

At this moment, Yan Jun felt an urge to devour Ling Han. He finally understood why Ling Han had collapsed with just a single push from him. This guy had been laying a trap for him.

From coming over to say hello, to whispering, to being pushed down, it was all to create an illusion that he had suddenly turned hostile.

"I didn't expect Yan Jun to be so modest. He didn't even fight back when he was being beaten."

"It can't be helped. He was the one who started it, and this is the City Lord's residence. If he dares to fight back, then once the City Lord pursues the matter, he would be the main culprit."

"If that's the case, Yan Jun really deserved it. If he had known earlier, why would he have pushed him?"

"Yi, who exactly is this person? I don't think I've seen him before."

Everyone was discussing animatedly, and when these words reached Yan Jun's ears, he really wanted to shout out loud, "Who the f*** deserved this, I was screwed over."

However, it was a shame that he didn't even have the chance to open his mouth to speak after being pummeled by Ling Han. He would definitely suffer a heavy punch if he opened his mouth, causing stars to appear in his eyes. He was rendered completely speechless.

"I'd say, that's about enough, right?" A young man spoke up. He was a member of the Qi Clan, and his name was Qi Suifeng. He too had the cultivation level of Twelve Meridians, and was on good terms with Yan Jun.

Ling Han stopped, and everyone thought that he was listening to his advice. However, Ling Han glared at Qi Suifeng, and said, "Who do you think you are? I'm teaching my grandson a lesson, so what need is there for you to interfere?"

Grandson?

Pu, quite a number of people laughed out loud. No matter how the matter today was resolved, Yan Jun would definitely become a joke.

Yan Jun felt an even stronger urge to commit murder. In his heart, he was screaming that the Hell Organization was useless, and they even boasted that there was no target that they could not kill. F***, Ling Han had already evaded two assassination attempts, and had even beaten and humiliated their employer.

Qi Suifeng's expression turned cold, and he said, "You've gone too far. This is Miss Feng's birthday banquet, so how long are you going to continue causing trouble?"

He leaped out, then stretched out his hand, making a grab at Ling Han's wrist.

Ling Han snickered, and merely picked Yan Jun up. With this grab, Qi Suifeng had pressed his hand onto Yan Jun's behind.

Yan Jun's whole body instantly froze. Being grabbed by the bottom by a man, what kind of experience was that?

Qi Suifeng was also taken aback. How could Ling Han's movements be so fast? He actually did not manage to see clearly how Yan Jun had been dragged up. Otherwise, he would definitely have stopped in time. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

He humphed and hurriedly retracted his hand. If word got out that he was holding onto a man's behind for a long time, he would really be unable to explain himself.

He did not have that kind of sexual inclination!