Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3188 A slip of the tongue

"Put him down!" Qi Suifeng made a move again. Again, he stretched out his hand in a grabbing motion.

Generally speaking, prodigies, or those who believed themselves to be prodigies, all had the same problem, and that was pride. Wherever they had fallen, that is the point where they would pick themselves up.

Thus, Qi Suifeng still made a grabbing motion, wanting to grab onto Ling Han's wrist. This was his initial target, and he would definitely not waver from it.

Ling Han sighed, and flipped Yan Jun over, pushing him forwards again.

It was extremely fast. Everyone only felt their vision blur, and all they saw was a scene that gave them goosebumps.

Qi Suifeng's grab just happened to reach between Yan Jun's legs. The thing he was holding was indescribable.

This!

Everyone's faces twitched, and the women's faces flushed red with embarrassment.

It was too shameful, to actually stage such an obscene scenario in front of everyone! But the hearts of some fujoshis were beating wildly. This was true love indeed.

"Ah—" Yan Jun released a terrible scream. The lower half of a man was fragile in the first place, and added with the fact that Qi Suifeng thought that this strike would definitely be able to capture Ling Han, and he had exerted much strength. The grip was so strong that it was possible that his b@lls would be shattered. This kind of pain in the balls made him cry madly.

Qi Suifeng also hurriedly withdrew his hand, and waved his hand repeatedly. F***, this time, even if he washed his hand a hundred times, he would still have psychological trauma.

Ling Han shook his head, and said, "So you actually have this kind of hobby. Then, all the more I can't hand Yan Jun over to you. Otherwise, who knows how much you would play with him."

Hearing his casual nonsense, quite a number of people laughed out loud. They naturally knew that Qi Suifeng definitely did not have that kind of fetish. It was completely caused by Ling Han deliberately.

"However, it has to be said that this person is very strong. Otherwise, how could he have managed to block Qi Suifeng twice?"

"Hehe, we've really watched a good show today."

"I'm very curious. Who exactly is that guy?"

Ling Han paid no further attention to Qi Suifeng. He picked Yan Jun up, and said, "Why did you push me? If you don't give me an explanation today, I will definitely not give up the matter."

Everyone exchanged looks. They all thought that Yan Jun was too pitiful.

First, he had been thrashed by Ling Han, and then his c*ck was painfully grabbed by Qi Suifeng. Wasn't that terrible enough?

And now, Ling Han was actually interrogating Yan Jun as if he was the victim. This would have made Yan Jun want to die indeed.

Qi Suifeng did not speak anymore. He had grabbed hold of an indescribable part of a man. He had a constipated expression on his face, and was still in the midst of adjusting his emotions.

"Nonsense, you were clearly the one who set the trap!" Yang Ziqing couldn't hold himself back any longer. He was already tied to Yan Jun.

Ling Han looked at him coldly, and said, "What you mean is that I deliberately allowed Yan Jun to push me down, and then took the chance to beat him up?"

"Is that not the case?" Yang Ziqing asked harshly.

"Of course not." Ling Han shook his head. "How could I have that kind of strength? Yan Jun is a Twelve Meridians!"

"Who said you didn't? Even the assassins from Hell Organization couldn't do anything to you!" Yang Ziqing blurted out.

Ling Han looked at him with a faint smile, and said, "I was being pursued by assassins from Hell Organization, but this matter was not witnessed by anyone at all. I have never told anyone else either, so how did you know?"

"This…" Yang Ziqing knew that he had let the cat out of the bag, and involuntarily, his expression changed drastically. He finally knew that he had fallen for Ling Han's trick.

"Unless the assassin was hired by you!" Ling Han suddenly shouted loudly.

Yang Ziqing took three steps back. His face was pale, and he was completely rendered speechless.

Actually, he very much wanted to explain, but Ling Han's gaze was extraordinarily frightening, making him feel as if he had been bewitched, and he was rendered speechless. Gét latest 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters on n𝒐v(e)lbj/n(.)c/𝒐m

Strange, Ling Han hadn't advanced into the Blood Transformation Tier yet, so how could he have such a terrifying murderous aura?

What he didn't know was that Ling Han had used Spiritual power. With his endless battle experiences, he was able to achieve a similar effect.

"What?!" Everyone's expressions changed drastically.

Hell was an organization of assassins, and was strictly targeted by the nation — though some people did indeed have connections with the Hell Organization, and hired them to eliminate some people that they themselves could not kill. However, who would dare to publicly admit it?

If one was found to be associated with an assassin's organization, then even if it was an Imperial Prince… hehe, with how wise and mighty the present Emperor was, it was guaranteed that he would also be executed.

Yang Ziqing, had such great nerve and also such stupidity.

"No, no, no, he's talking nonsense. I don't know anyone from Hell Organization, and I didn't hire someone to commit murder!" Yang Ziqing hurriedly shouted. He had to draw a clear dividing line between himself and Hell Organization. Otherwise, he would die a tragic death.

"Then why don't you explain? How did you know that I was targeted by an assassin from Hell Organization?" Ling Han said slowly.

"How would I know that you were being pursued by an assassin from Hell Organization? What does that have to do with me?" Yang Ziqing said. However, he was completely twisting the facts.

Who asked him to have a slip of the tongue, and in front of so many people at that? How was he supposed to explain himself?

Ling Han smiled calmly, "According to the laws of the Majestic Empire, how should we deal with someone colluding with assassin organizations, hiring people to commit murder?"

Without waiting for anyone to answer, he continued, "He is considered a traitor, and should be executed!"

Ling Han paused, then said, "I am Xuanqing Banner's deputy captain, and have the power to enforce the law. Now… I will execute you!"

He tossed Yan Jun to one side, and strode towards Yang Ziqing. His killing intent blazed, causing one to shiver.

"Yi, he's actually Xuanqing Banner's deputy captain?"

"Strange, how can a mere deputy captain come here?"

"Can't you see that he's with Pan Hu? He should have been brought here by Pan Hu."

"Oh, that's true."

Everyone finally "knew" Ling Han's identity, yet only thought that he was Pan Hu's lackey.

When Pan Hu heard this, he gritted his teeth internally. How could he be qualified? Ling Han was an alchemy prodigy, and even the City Lord praised him endlessly.

'You people are blind!'

He was very pleased with himself, and did not have the slightest intention of explaining. Otherwise, if everyone went to curry Ling Han's favour, wouldn't that be stealing his place?

The situation right now was the most ideal, as he could obtain "exclusive favor".

"Save me! Save me!" Yang Ziqing was extremely terrified, and shouted at his surroundings.

However, who would pay attention to him at this moment?

Collaborating with an assassin's organization—this crime was too heavy, and no one could bear it. In fact, no noble clan could bear it.

"Young Master Jun, save me! I'm doing this for you!" Yang Ziqing could only place his hopes on Yan Jun. This was his only life-saving straw.

'What?'

Everyone was curious. This was a great piece of news; so Yan Jun was also involved?

Yan Jun had just gotten his breath back, and when he heard these words, he almost passed out.

Who dared to have the slightest relation with an assassin's organization? That was an action of courting death.

"Absolute nonsense!" he said coldly, drawing a clear dividing line. In any case, he didn't leave behind a shred of evidence. The connection with the Hell Organization was all done by Yang Ziqing alone.

Thus, as long as he didn't leak anything, he wouldn't be dragged into this matter.

"Yan Jun, you're so ruthless!" Yang Ziqing shouted harshly. "It was clearly you who was jealous of Ling Han's relationship with Banner Lord Lian, and told me to hire someone to commit murder. Now, you're actually going to deny it?"

For the sake of his own life, he could only throw caution to the winds.

'Oh!'

Everyone released a long exclamation of shock. So that was the case. This completely made sense.

—Who did not know that Yan Jun was currently courting Lian Xuerong of Xuanqing Banner? Thus, it was reasonable for him to be jealous, and hire someone to commit murder. En, it was completely illegal.