Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3189 Collision with the muzzle

Pig, he was really a pig!

Yan Jun cursed internally. Though you had a slip of the tongue, as long as you insisted that what you just said was mistaken, then without proof, what could Ling Han do?

But now that he had said this, it was equivalent to admitting it.

Idiot, how could there be such an idiot!

However, what he didn't know was that this kind of second-generation young master had never experienced any setbacks in his life. In such an environment, it was very easy for his willpower to collapse, so how could he expect Yang Ziqing to calm down and think?

That was impossible.

"You are slandering me, and making things up out of nothing!" Yan Jun said coldly, looking completely righteous.

Ling Han looked at Yang Ziqing, and said slowly, "You said that Yan Jun told you to hire someone to commit murder. Do you have any proof?"

Evidence?

How could there be any proof? Everything was his own doing. Yan Jun had only spoken, while the huge portion of the money had come out of his own pockets.

He was really an idiot. He was working for someone else, and still had to suffer for someone else's sake!

Yang Ziqing was completely despondent. Only now did he realize why Yan Jun had asked him to do so many things. As it turned out, it was so that if anything happened, he could push him out to take the blame.

"Yan Jun, you are so ruthless! So ruthless!" he cursed through gritted teeth.

"Since you don't have any evidence, I'll send you on your way," Ling Han said menacingly. As the deputy captain of Xuanqing Banner, he had the right to kill. As long as the other party really violated the Majestic Empire's laws with a death penalty.

"Hehe!" A young man walked out, and said with a smile, "Deputy Captain Ling, right? I am Yang Xiaocheng of the Yang Clan. This is the City Lord's manor, and furthermore, it is Miss Feng's birthday banquet. It would be very inappropriate to commit murder here! This person is a member of our Yang Clan, so allow me to bring him back. I will definitely give you an explanation, Deputy Captain Ling."

Yang Ziqing instantly breathed a sigh of relief. As long as he could return to the clan, he definitely wouldn't die. How could the Yang Clan allow members of the main clan to be executed in public?

Ling Han also smiled, "Little Cheng, the evidence is now conclusive. The suspect has already admitted personally that he hired someone to commit murder. How can someone who hates evil as much as I do, ignore it? Don't worry, I have a sense of propriety when killing people. I guarantee that there will be no bloodshed."

F***, this wasn't a matter of seeing no blood. Furthermore, who did he refer as Little Cheng?

Yang Xiaocheng's expression was ice-cold. He and Yang Ziqing weren't blood brothers, and their usual relations weren't all that good either. However, if the clansmen of the Yang Clan were killed, that would be humiliating everyone in the Yang Clan.

This absolutely must not happen.

"Deputy Captain Ling, don't go too far!" He stepped out.

"I'm currently enforcing the law. If you dare to stop me, that would be equivalent to committing treason." Ling Han merely glanced at him, and said slowly, "Do you want me to kill you as well?"

This!

Yang Xiaocheng couldn't help but feel stifled. This crime was really too serious. If he was really charged with this crime, not just him, even the Yang Clan would suffer.

"Scram further away!" Ling Han's voice turned cold, and he continued to walk towards Yang Ziqing.

"Ling Han, do you really want to go against the Yang Clan?" Yang Xiaocheng said. He wanted to give it one last shot.

"Is your Yang Clan intending to oppose His Majesty?" Ling Han threw an even bigger crime against him.

Yang Xiaocheng was rendered speechless. In the Dark North Nation, the present Emperor was a god-like figure. He established the Majestic Empire, expelled Demonic Beasts, spread martial arts, and re-established order, and this was a supreme merit. Everyone respected him from the bottom of their hearts.

If word got out that he had disrespected even the Emperor, it was guaranteed that he would be chopped to death.

"No, no, no!" Yang Ziqing collapsed. He collapsed onto the ground, tears streaming down and snot flowing from his nose. "I don't want to die! I don't want to die!"

"No one wants to die, but the evil deeds you've done are unforgivable!" Ling Han said coldly. He naturally didn't have any sympathy. The other party had already hired someone to kill him!

He wasn't a saint.

He reached over to grab Yang Ziqing.

Under this pressure of despair, Yang Ziqing's desire to live exploded. With a flash, he began to flee, and the direction in which he fled… was actually towards the depths of the City Lord's residence.

Everyone faltered for a moment before nodding in agreement.

If he ran out, would he be faster than Ling Han?

On the other hand, if he ran into the City Lord's residence, would Ling Han really dare to pursue him?

To say the least, even if Ling Han dared to give chase, as long as Yang Ziqing encountered someone like the City Lord, would Ling Han dare to make a move?

The City Lord was not like Ling Han. He would consider balance, and consider the strength of the various clans. A one-sided confession like this could completely be overturned.

Tsk, tsk. He could actually think of so many things in such a short amount of time; Yang Ziqing was really not that stupid.

——If Yang Ziqing knew about this, he would definitely be confused as well, because how could he have thought of all these? He was completely in a panic.

He ran, and the people in front of him all gave way. Firstly, no one wanted to have any relation with him, and secondly, no one wanted to become enemies with the Yang Clan.

Yang Ziqing had a smooth journey, but a woman suddenly appeared in front of him. She was at most 17 or 18 years old, and she was really delicate and beautiful. Her skin was as fair as milk, and her black hair was so glossy. She was breathtakingly beautiful.

If this was any other time, he would definitely curry the favor of the beauty, hoping to win her favor, but now, his mind was filled with thoughts of survival. Thus, he moved aggressively, grabbing out at the girl, wanting to throw her towards Ling Han, so that he would have a chance to escape.

"You're seeking death!" He had just made his move, when an incredibly cold voice rang out by his ear. Then, there was nothing else.

Yang Ziqing died!

His neck was gripped by someone, and all the bones in his body were instantly shattered. He was absolutely dead. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

"Sister Ruoxian!" Wenren Siyue, Zhao Zhishu, and Li Ziyue all greeted the young girl who had just walked out. Then, they bowed to an elder beside her, their expressions incredibly respectful.

It was this elder who had killed Yang Ziqing just then.

This was Feng Ruoxian?

Most of the people here did not recognize Feng Ruoxian, and when they heard Wenren Siyue and the others greet her, they finally came to a realization.

"Greetings, Miss Feng!" Everyone hurriedly paid their greetings. This was the Young Miss of the City Lord's residence. In future, she may become the Princess Consort, or even the Empress!

They all wore strange expressions, thinking that Yang Ziqing was truly unlucky, bumping into Feng Ruoxian and even daring to attack! However, who was this old man? He was too decisive and merciless, wasn't he? He immediately killed him.

This made Ling Han feel that it was a pity. He actually wanted to kill Yang Ziqing with his own hands.

However, this old man was indescribably powerful at first glance, so it was best not to "argue" with him.

"Greetings, Butler Mu!" Wenren Siyue and the others said at the same time.

Everyone couldn't help but feel apprehensive. Everyone knew that there was an old butler in the City Lord's residence. It was said that he had been saved by the City Lord when he was being hunted down, so he willingly submitted himself as a slave of the City Lord's residence.

This was an elite of Extreme Bone Tier!

"Greetings, Butler Mu." The others all paid their respects. This was a mighty figure that had to be treated with respect, one of the few elites in the entire Huju City.

The old butler didn't pay attention to anyone. He squinted his eyes, looking listless.