Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3190 Eating a Chair

Feng Ruoxian greeted Wenren Jingyi and the others with a smile, and they eagerly smiled back at the others. She was as gentle as water, and did not have the slightest bit of the arrogance of a princess of the City Lord's Residence, causing everyone to praise her. She was as beautiful as a fairy, yet did not put on any airs at all, as if she was the child of an ordinary family. She was really likable. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Meanwhile, Ling Han shook his head internally. A living person had died in front of her, yet she did not even bat an eyelid. How could this be the reaction that an ordinary person should have?

However, in any case, what business was it of his?

"What's wrong with him?" Feng Ruoxian pointed at Yang Ziqing and asked.

"Sister Ruoxian, let me tell you." Li Ziyue walked over, pulled Feng Ruoxian aside, and began whispering to her.

After a while, Feng Ruoxian returned. She looked at Ling Han, and said, "Deputy Captain Ling, you did very well."

She praised him?

Ling Han was astonished. He had forced Yang Ziqing to flee, causing Yang Ziqing to stumble into Feng Ruoxian in a panic. This caused the old butler to intervene and kill Yang Ziqing. No matter what, if someone died at the banquet, the host would definitely be displeased. However, not only was Feng Ruoxian not angry, but she even praised him. This naturally made him feel strange.

He nodded at Feng Ruoxian, and said, "Apologies, I moved at Miss Feng's birthday banquet and disturbed Miss Feng."

"Collaborating with an assassin organization is unacceptable under the laws of the nation. Deputy Captain Ling, you don't have to blame yourself." Feng Ruoxian smiled gently, making people feel an indescribable comfort.

No wonder Feng Zisheng was so confident, thinking that his daughter would definitely become the beloved consort of some Imperial Prince. In fact, he even had hopes of her becoming the empress. Whether it was looks, speech, or manners, there was nothing that could be critized.

Feng Ruoxian withdrew her gaze from Ling Han, and after exchanging a few words with the others, announced the beginning of the birthday banquet.

Though the City Lord had not come, there was an old butler of Extreme Bone Tier keeping watch. Who could really be relaxed, and every word and action was very reserved.

Ling Han, on the other hand, was unconcerned. When the gifts were delivered later, it would be just about time for him to retreat.

He had gained quite a lot from this trip. He had given Yan Jun a good beating, and had also killed Yang Ziqing, so he could be considered to have collected half of his debt. Next, the only thing left was to kill Yan Jun.

Everyone knew that the City Lord intended to marry his daughter into the Imperial Family. Thus, no one would be blind enough to curry Feng Ruoxian's favour in front of her. That would really be courting death. Everyone would behave themselves and be polite.

Ling Han plonked down next to Yan Jun. This guy was drinking despondently by himself. After being humiliated in public, there was naturally no one willing to sit with him now.

Yan Jun couldn't help but pale. In his eyes, not only was Ling Han his rival in love, he had also become a bringer of misfortune. The mere sight of him caused a chill to rise up from the bottom of his heart.

"The next time you find an assassin, please hire one that's more powerful." Ling Han patted Yan Jun's shoulder, "However, you probably won't have such an opportunity."

Yan Jun looked at him coldly, "Do you think that you are all that great just because you are a little good at fighting?"

"Haven't you learnt enough from today?" Ling Han asked with a smile.

Yan Jun was instantly rendered speechless. If it was not for the fact that his abilities were inferior, how could he have possibly been humiliated by Ling Han like this? It could not be helped. He was an expert in formations, but there were no killing formations in Elementary Level formations, so there was absolutely no way he could set up a formation to kill Ling Han.

"No matter how strong you are, in front of Tuoba Tianhuang, you can't even withstand a single blow!" he said.

"That's right. In front of Tuoba Tianhuang, you can only kneel." Qi Suifeng walked over and sat opposite Ling Han and Yan Jun.

This guy's ears were quite sharp. Looks like after he had suffered a loss at Ling Han's hands previously, he had set his eyes on Ling Han.

Ling Han looked at him disdainfully, "I don't talk to damn perverts."

Damn pervert?

Qi Suifeng instantly recalled how he had grabbed Yan Jun's bum and d***, and his face instantly paled.

Wasn't this your fault?

"Ling Han, you should be representing Xuanqing Banner in the martial arts competition tomorrow, right?" Qi Suifeng didn't argue with Ling Han. How could a member of a noble clan have no self-restraint?

"What is it? Do you want to take a beating from me?" Ling Han asked with a smile.

Qi Suifeng instantly felt an urge to flip out. Why was this brat so hateful with just a few words?

He forcefully suppressed his anger, and said, "I can make a bet with you. If you can block ten moves from Tuoba Tianhuang, I will eat this chair."

"What do you want to eat again?" Ling Han dug his ears, as if he hadn't heard clearly.

Qi Suifeng was enraged, and shouted loudly, "Eat the chair!"

Everyone in the surroundings heard this roar, and all of them bore strange expressions.

What was going on here? What was going on in the head of this Young Master of the Qi Clan? He actually wanted to eat chairs? Speaking of which, could it be that the chairs in the city lord's residence were made from special ingredients that were so delicious?

Only now did Qi Suifeng realize that he had been tricked by Ling Han. A vein involuntarily popped on his forehead. How could this brat be so despicable?

Without waiting for him to flip out, Ling Han nodded, and said, "Fine, I'll make a bet with you. If I defeat Tuoba Tianhuang tomorrow, you'll eat this chair!"

These words were powerful and resonating.

All of a sudden, the whole hall became silent. Everyone was looking at Ling Han in shock.

What was this guy saying?

Defeating Tuoba Tianhuang?

Had water entered your brain? You actually said that you wanted to defeat that god-like man?

Qi Suifeng was also stunned. The bet he had made with Ling Han was only for Ling Han to last ten moves from Tuoba Tianhuang. However, Ling Han said that he wanted to defeat Tuoba Tianhuang. Was this the same thing? How could it be that the stakes of the bet had increased more than a hundredfold?

It was absolutely impossible.

He chuckled and said, "Alright, if you can't defeat Tuoba Tianhuang, then kneel in the arena for a day. How about it?"

"All right." Ling Han nodded.

Everyone shook their heads. Ling Han was too arrogant, to actually say that he wanted to defeat Tuoba Tianhuang. It should be known that he was publicly acknowledged to be invincible in Meridian Opening Tier. Even the City Lord had said that in a battle of equal cultivation levels, he was no match for Tuoba Tianhuang.

This was seeking his own humiliation.

"All right, it's a deal!" Qi Suifeng slammed a hand on the table. He only had to wait for one more day, and he would be able to see Ling Han's incredibly disheveled appearance… Hold on!

He immediately realized that he had overlooked something, and hurriedly continued, "What if you do not encounter Tuoba Tianhuang?"

When everyone heard this, realization dawned on them.

Tuoba Tianhuang would definitely advance to the finals, but what about Ling Han? What if he was eliminated in the earlier rounds?

This guy was now talking big to attract attention. As it turned out, that was what he was planning.

How despicable.

Ling Han was also surprised. He had not thought that Qi Suifeng would actually think of such a possibility.

He shook his head and said, "If Tuoba Tianhuang hadn't lost to me in advance, I would definitely wait for him in the finals. Otherwise, it would be considered my loss."

These words were very domineering!

Everyone was in disbelief. Where had Ling Han gotten such courage from?

"All right!" Qi Suifeng smirked coldly. Now that Ling Han had said such words in public, if he went back on his word at that time, there would be no need for him to continue living in Huju City in the future.

"Miss Feng, this is a small token from me. I wish Miss Feng Feng a happy birthday!" someone said, and delivered a generous gift to Feng Ruoxian.

The time for presenting gifts had finally arrived.