Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3191 Fake medicine?

Someone was the first to start this segment, and subsequently, there were naturally people offering their gifts, one after another.

In this place, everyone had a habit, and that was when they received a gift, they would immediately open it to take a look. Thus, in this kind of situation, everyone would present gifts that were more precious. Otherwise, whenthey were opened in public, not only would they lose face, the host would also feel humiliated, which was even worse than not giving it.

"Li Ziyue's gift is a jade hair clip. It's said to be a tool passed down from the ancient times, and it comes with a defensive formation. Once it's activated, it can form a shield that can block the attacks of Meridian Opening Tier elites."

"Wenren Siyue gifted a broken sword, and it can still unleash some of its might. It's said that it can cut through anything within Meridian Opening Tier."

"Zhao Zhishu gifted a Talisman Weapon, which seems to be Blood Transformation Tier-level."

"…"

After each person went up to deliver a gift, their background would immediately be exposed. The descendants of the great clans that could come here were all elites, and every single one of them had very amazing insight. There were very few things that they could not recognize.

Yan Jun also went up to deliver a gift. He was a Formation Master, so the gift he gave was naturally also a set of formations. However, it was not a killing formation, nor was it something like a psychedelic formation. Instead, it was a puppet that was only the size of a palm, but once it was activated, it could turn into the size of a normal person, vivid and lifelike, and could complete some simple commands.

Though this was not very practical, it could still be seen that Yan Jun was very clever. If it was any other girl, she may be moved by him.

Ling Han waited for a while, and when he saw that no one else was coming forwards, he stood up, walked in front of the birthday girl, drew out a bottle and handed it over.

Pu!

A considerable number of people were already laughing. Though everyone's gifts would be opened on the spot, everyone would still wrap them up properly. This was a kind of etiquette, and also showed their sincerity.

Who would be like Ling Han, who had directly delivered a pill bottle?

Hehe, that was too casual.

Feng Ruoxian couldn't help but smile, and said, "Deputy Captain Ling really has a unique personality."

It was unknown whether these words were a compliment or a mockery.

Ling Han took it as a compliment. He said, "Miss Feng, happy birthday."

"Thank you." Feng Ruoxian took the pill bottle and asked curiously, "Deputy Captain Ling, what alchemical pill is this?"

She had eaten a considerable number of alchemical pills, but could not recognize what the ten alchemical pills inside were at all.

Ling Han replied, "Everlasting Youth Pill."

What?!

All of a sudden, everyone was shaken, and they all focused their attention. Those female guests even widened their eyes, as if they were about to make a move to snatch it away.

However, everyone soon looked doubtful.

The pill recipe for the Everlasting Youth Pill had just been completed by Mo Guohao. It was said that it could only be concocted next month, so where had Ling Han gotten it from?

Fake, it must be fake.

"Hehe, people nowadays are getting more and more good at boasting." Zhong Yangbi walked out. He should have come in when Ling Han and Yan Jun were having a conflict. Otherwise, Ling Han would have noticed.

"Brother Zhong, you're saying that these are fake pills?" Yan Jun immediately asked. He hated Ling Han to death, so he naturally wouldn't let go of any chance.

"Of course!" Zhong Yangbi declared proudly. Because he had just been given the recipe for Everlasting Youth Pill, Mercy Medicine Hall hadn't even begun to concoct the first cauldron of Everlasting Youth Pills. Thus, Ling Han declaring that the alchemical pills in his possession was Everlasting Youth Pill was definitely fake.

"Fake?" Everyone was surprised.

"Ling Han actually gave fake medicines?"

"I understand. Now, the most popular item is Everlasting Youth Pill. Moreover, it's also the item that women love the most, yet it can't be bought. Thus, he deliberately boasted, wanting to attract attention and curry Miss Feng's favor."

"This is a great miscalculation. To feed fake medicine to the City Lord's beloved daughter, isn't he afraid of losing his head?"

As they spoke, Butler Mu seemed to have awoken from his slumber, and turned to stare at Ling Han. A sliver of killing intent flickered in his eyes, as if he would make a move at any moment.

"Hahahaha, I'm not too late, am I?" A loud laugh rang out, and a middle-aged man strode out from the back hall. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

"City Lord!" Immediately, everyone hurriedly paid their greetings.

This was Feng Zisheng, the City Lord of Huju City, who had control over the life and death of the city's residents. Ordinarily, as long as he did not do anything along the lines of rebellion, then killing a few random people was not considered much at all.

Hence, this was definitely a powerful figure, and required absolute respect.

Feng Zisheng, on the other hand, was very casual. He raised his hand, signaling for everyone to stand up. He smiled slightly, and said to his daughter, "Opening your presents?"

"Yes, Father," Feng Ruoxian said respectfully. Every move she made would make one feel comfortable and at ease.

Feng Zisheng looked towards Butler Mu again, and said, "Old Mu, why is there killing intent all over your body? Who offended you?"

"Someone is delivering fake medicine to Young Miss," Butler Mu said darkly, his eyes still fixed on Ling Han.

Feng Zisheng followed his gaze and saw Ling Han. He couldn't help but smile, "Oh, what's going on?"

Feng Ruoxian spoke up, and recounted how Ling Han had gifted her alchemical pills, but Zhong Yangbi had questioned the authenticity of the gift. She was completely impartial in her account, and did not even include her own emotions.

Logically speaking, she should be very angry that someone had given her fake medicine.

Feng Zisheng shook his head internally. He naturally knew that it was Ling Han who had modified the two pill recipes and completed the Everlasting Youth Pill. Thus, how could Ling Han possibly deliver fake medicines? He looked towards Zhong Yangbi and asked, "How are you so sure that these are fake medicines?"

Zhong Yangbi said respectfully, "In reply to Lord Yang, Everlasting Youth Pill was completed by Master. I was also fortunate enough to be taught the recipe for this pill, and as far as I know, our pharmacy has yet to begin concocting Everlasting Youth Pill. Thus, I am certain that this must be a fake pill!"

Yes, there was reason and evidence.

Everyone nodded. In terms of logic, Zhong Yangbi's deduction was flawless.

Feng Zisheng smiled, and took the bottle from his daughter's hand. Then, he tossed it over to Zhong Yangbi, and said, "Then why don't you appraise it and see what exactly it is."

"Yes, Lord Yang." Zhong Yangbi accepted the bottle, then swept a glance over Ling Han, revealing a proud expression.

'Brat, you're in my hands now.'

Ling Han didn't mind. Ugly people would do all kinds of things.

Zhong Yangbi poured out an alchemical pill. He first looked at it, then smelt it. Then, his expression changed.

F***, wasn't this the Everlasting Youth Pill?

He had been taught the recipe for the pill, so he naturally knew how to identify the Everlasting Youth Pill. Whether it was in terms of color or smell, this was completely identical to the Everlasting Youth Pill.

It can't be, right? It really was real?

Zhong Yangbi didn't give up, and he took a small amount and put it in his mouth.

This smell, this vitality, it was completely the Everlasting Youth Pill!

Everyone watched, yet discovered that after Zhong Yangbi ingested the medicine, it was as if he had become stupid. He actually did not have any reaction.

"Haha, could it be that it's a pill inducing idiocy that would make one go into a daze after ingesting it?" someone said with a laugh.

This caused a great many people to laugh out loud. However, the City Lord was also present, so no one dared to laugh wantonly.

Feng Zisheng opened his mouth, and asked, "How is it?"