Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3192 A Request

Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Zhong Yangbi didn't want to speak. He truly hoped that what he ingested was a pill that would cause muteness or idiocy. That way, he would be able to rid himself of such awkwardness.

The problem was, this really was Everlasting Youth Pill. It would only leave him with youth and fair skin.

"Yi, did you guys notice? His skin seems to have become slightly fairer."

"That's right, it's even brighter."

Everyone exclaimed in shock, especially the women. All of their eyes were shining. To them, this was possibly even more important than advancing one or two cultivation levels.

"This must be Everlasting Youth Pill!"

"Even if it's not Everlasting Youth Pill, I'll still take it just for its beauty effects."

"Look, he's only eaten a little bit, and after such a short while, it's already so effective. If I take one, how impressive would it be?"

Practically all the women had turned into vicious wolves, staring at the bottle in Zhong Yangbi's hand, as if they would immediately pounce over. Even a young lady from a prestigious clan like Li Ziyue could no longer maintain her composure, and her breathing involuntarily became much heavier.

It could be said that if it was not for the fact that this was the City Lord's Residence, and if it was not for the fact that Feng Zisheng was standing guard here, a fight would have already broken out here.

"How is it?" Feng Zisheng asked again. This time, there was clearly a hint of displeasure in his voice.

F***, he actually dared to make the City Lord ask twice?

Zhong Yangbi shuddered, and finally came back to his senses. He couldn't help but smile bitterly, and said, "This is indeed Everlasting Youth Pill!"

Even if he lied now, only another alchemist had to be called to appraise the pill, and he would similarly come to the correct conclusion, and if he dared to deceive Feng Zisheng, his end would be very, very terrible.

"Then why were you so sure that this was a fake medicine?" Feng Zisheng asked.

This… Zhong Yangbi was rendered speechless. Previously, after analyzing for so long, he was certain that this was a fake medicine, yet now, it was proven that it was a real one. How was he supposed to explain himself? He thought for a long time, then said, "Deputy Captain Ling has a close relationship with my Master, and this may have been gifted to him by my Master."

"Since you know that there is such a relationship, why did you insist previously?" Feng Zisheng said calmly, "Furthermore, since this is your master's old friend, why are you disrespecting him? There is something very wrong with your character!"

These last words were a little harsh. Having been evaluated as "very problematic" by the City Lord, would the Alchemy Association still dare to focus on nurturing him?

Though alchemists were very special, and the whole group was managed by the Alchemist Society, who would dare to go against Feng Zisheng's will in the territory of Huju City?

Zhong Yangbi's legs instantly became weak, and he fell to his knees. His face was as white as a sheet, and he appeared as if he had lost his soul.

Feng Zisheng casually grabbed out, and the pill bottle in Zhong Yangbi's hand flew back into his hand. Then, he handed it over to his beloved daughter, "You have to thank Little Han. This gift is very precious!"

Little Han?

Everyone inhaled sharply. When had the City Lord called out to a junior so cordially?

From tomorrow onwards, no, from now onwards, Ling Han would no longer be an ordinary deputy captain of Xuanqing Banner, but rather a popular person in front of the City Lord.

None of them could understand. Could it be that it was because Ling Han had offered a bottle of Everlasting Youth Pills?

"Though youth can be maintained eternally, giving Miss Feng an extremely great advantage when she marries into the Imperial Palace in future, it can be bought every month. There is no need to place so much importance on it, right?"

"I really don't understand."

Everyone was stunned. This was too hard to accept.

Yet Feng Ruoxian curtsied slightly towards Ling Han, "Thank you, Vice Captain Ling."

"You're too polite." Ling Han clasped his hands in return.

He walked back, and saw that everyone's mouths were wide open, as if a big bun could be stuffed in. Only Pan Hu gave him a firm thumbs up.

Young Master Han was truly awesome.

Ling Han had just returned to his seat, when he saw young misses and beautiful noblewomen come over to buy Everlasting Youth Pills from him.

For women, their youth was draining away with every moment that passed. Thus, even though they clearly knew that the Everlasting Youth Pill would be on the market next month, they still couldn't help but want to get it one day earlier.

Moreover, the Everlasting Youth Pill definitely couldn't be mass-produced. What if the supply wasn't enough?

Thus, the first to obtain it would be to retain their youth first.

Ling Han then said that the alchemical pills were concocted by Mo Guohao. He only had ten pills, which he had already gifted to Feng Ruoxian. Coincidentally, Zhong Yangbi had previously found such an excuse for him, and without much effort, he pushed all the blame onto Mo Guohao.

As for whether the doors to Mercy Medicine Hall would be broken down tomorrow, that was not something that Ling Han needed to consider.

The wine had been drunk, and the gifts had also been given. Ling Han soon went to bid farewell to Feng Ruoxian.

"Miss Feng, can I have a small request?" Ling Han suddenly turned around and asked after taking two steps.

"What request?" Feng Ruoxian looked at Ling Han with interest. This man was truly out of the ordinary and very interesting.

Ling Han cracked a smile, "I want to ask Miss Feng for something."

When these words fell, everyone was stunned.

Asking for something from Miss Feng?

Hiss, are you teasing the precious daughter of this City Lord?

This was practically courting death.

Could it be that you have not heard that the City Lord intends to send Feng Ruoxian into the Imperial Palace? She was the exclusive property of the Imperial Palace, and you actually dare to have designs on her?

"Go ahead." Feng Ruoxian maintained a gentle expression, as if she had been trained since childhood. No matter what happened, she had to maintain and preserve this calmness and gentleness.

"I want to ask Miss Feng for a chair," Ling Han said. "Previously, I made a bet with Qi Suifeng. If I defeat Tuoba Tianhuang, he will have to eat a chair here. I'm afraid that he won't be able to find it by then, so I'll ask Miss Feng for one first."

"Gege!" Feng Ruoxian finally couldn't hold herself back anymore. She covered her small mouth and burst into laughter. The others also faltered for a moment before bursting into laughter.

This guy really remembered this matter. Furthermore, it was just a chair that he would be eating, so which chair couldn't be eaten? There was no need for it to be one from the City Lord's Residence, right?

Ling Han was obviously toying with Qi Suifeng by mentioning it now.

Everyone turned to look at Qi Suifeng, only to see that his hands were clenched into fists. Veins were popping on his forehead, and he was about to explode in fury.

Sigh, what a pitiful guy.

"All right, please." Feng Ruoxian withdrew her smile, and returned to that gentle, water-like appearance.

"Thanks." Ling Han picked up a chair and left.

Everyone was impressed. Who could bring something back with them after entering into the City Lord's Residence?

It could only be Ling Han!

Er, though it was only a chair.

Ling Han hailed a cab and returned to his residence.

The little female attendant was curious, and when she saw that Ling Han actually brought a chair with him, she hurriedly asked what had happened. After hearing Ling Han's explanation, her eyes involuntarily lit up, filled with envy.

Ling Han couldn't help but smile, saying, "No need to be envious. When your young master soars into the sky, you'll be even more dazzling than the princess."

"No, no." Huan Xue hurriedly waved her hand. "Huan Xue hopes to serve Young Master for the rest of my life. However, Huan Xue is afraid that she'll become ugly when she gets older. Young Master will feel uncomfortable looking at Huan Xue."

Ling Han faltered for a moment, then laughed loudly.

Everyone had a fondness for beauty, and even the little handmaiden feared that she would age.