Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3193 Sure win for runner up

"It's all right. There are many Everlasting Youth Pills. Later, I'll concoct a few cauldrons for you," Ling Han said.

"Thank you, Young Master. Thank you, Young Master." Huan Xue was extremely pleasantly surprised.

If it were any other matter, Huan Xue would definitely refuse. How could she allow Young Master to work for her sake? However, in the case of Everlasting Youth Pill, she shamelessly didn't refuse, fully showing how much women valued their beauty.

En, there was really no need to worry about selling Everlasting Youth Pills. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

A night passed, and Ling Han cultivated for half an hour when the sun rose. Then, after breakfast, he leisurely headed to the location of the martial arts tournament with his little female attendant.

The Dark North Nation was founded on martial arts, so it was natural that everyone respected martial arts. Thus, a martial arts arena was purposely built in the city, which could be used for training during normal times. Additionally, it could also host various competitions.

The annual martial arts competition was hosted by the City Lord's Rresidence, and there was no need to pay for tickets. Instead, there were free tickets that would be handed out. The noble families that held some power in the city would naturally receive enough free tickets, and for the general public, they would have to queue up on the online platform to collect their tickets as early as possible.

Thankfully, the martial arts arena was big enough, and there were only 200,000 people in Huju City, so it could accommodate about half the population.

"Deputy Captain, we've come to cheer you on." Xuanqing Banner's soldiers all came. They were special forces, and as long as they didn't have a mission, they were actually very free.

Ling Han nodded. He also saw Yunmo Banner, but those people didn't give him a second look. This was a very natural thing to do.

"Where's Banner Lord Lian?" he asked.

"The Banner Lord has naturally entered long ago." Wang Feng giggled, and punched Ling Han lightly in the chest. "What is it? Do you still want the Banner Lord to wait for you here?"

"Hehehe." All the warriors laughed, the very vulgar kind of laughter.

F***, where had these people heard that he had some unspeakable relationship with Lian Xuerong?

Forget it, he couldn't be bothered to pay attention to them. He didn't expect men to be so gossipy.

Every year, a great many people would register for the martial arts tournament, and this year was no exception.

If every round of the tournament was going to be held, it could not possibly end without ten days to half a month, and the tournament time was only three days. Furthermore, there was only one tournament round on the third day, and that was the final battle to win the place of champion.

Hence, aside from the eight seeded contestants that would be drawn at the beginning, the remaining people would be divided into twenty-four groups, and the twenty-four victors from each group would be decided for the actual tournament.

Ling Han had initially thought that he was going to fight his way through this competition. However, he surprisingly discovered that he was actually ranked as a seed.

In other words, there was no need for him to fight today. He could just come over tomorrow and directly begin the actual tournament.

Was this Lian Xuerong's handiwork?

It should not be possible. This was a tournament organized by the City Lord's Residence, and Lian Xuerong was not qualified to interfere.

Then it had to be Feng Zisheng.

Ling Han nodded. He had contributed three pill recipes, and the other party could be considered to be returning the favor.

At this time, the prizes for the competition were also announced.

For the top eight, 10,000 Dark North Coins; for the top four, a modified Meridian Exploration Pill; for the runner-up, an ancient weapon, and for the champion, an Amazing Cloud Fruit.

The Amazing Cloud Fruit!

Ling Han was astounded. Really, whatever he was lacking would soon come to him.

En, he was definitely going to win this championship.

He didn't care how Feng Zisheng obtained this Amazing Cloud Fruit. What he cared about was the result.

After returning to his residence, Ling Han cultivated his spiritual power for a while. This was concerned to when he could reunite with the empress and the others.

One day passed, and early in the morning, Ling Han finished his cultivation as usual. After breakfast, he brought his little female attendant to the martial arts arena.

"Captain Ling, you can do it. You must not be eliminated before entering into the finals."

At the entrance, Wang Feng and the others were still waiting for him.

These people were really very free.

Ling Han nodded, "You guys should have higher expectations of me. No matter what, I have to win first place."

Everyone exchanged looks, and forced out a laugh.

"What is it? You don't trust me?" Ling Han asked with a smile.

"Captain, you are indeed very strong, but if you compare yourself to Tuoba Tianhuang… I'm not trying to discourage you, but you are indeed inferior," a soldier stammered.

"They really can't be compared," the second soldier emphasized.

"Tuoba Tianhuang is a supreme prodigy of martial arts, invincible among his peers." The third soldier added insult to injury.

"So, as long as the captain makes it to the finals, he can only admit defeat," the fourth soldier said, rubbing salt into his wounds.

Ling Han was astounded. This Tuoba Tianhuang's reputation was really deeply ingrained in everyone's hearts. There was actually no one that thought highly of him.

All right, he would find out tomorrow, or possibly today. He would check out the groupings first.

Yesterday, the 24 victors had already been decided, so today, it would be the group of 32 people.

The results were already out. Ling Han took a look. He was in the first half, and as for Tuoba Tianhuang… he was in the second half.

"En, Captain Ling, your position of runner up is assured."

"Don't be discouraged. After this, Tuoba Tianhuang will definitely break through to the Blood Transformation Tier. Next year, Captain Ling will reign supreme."

"That's right. There's no need to strive for temporary superiority."

All the warriors were very excited. They believed very much in the strength of their vice-captain, but the prerequisite was that he had to avoid Tuoba Tianhuang.

"My Young Master will definitely get first place!" The little female attendant argued for Ling Han. In her heart, Ling Han was the most awesome person.

"Yes, yes, yes." The warriors naturally would not argue with a woman, and all nodded perfunctorily.

Ling Han merely smiled. What was there to argue about? Let the facts speak for themselves.

He took a look. His first opponent was called Zuo Jian.

"Zuo Jian? Not a descendant of a Great Clan? Forget it, who cares!" he said indifferently.

What he didn't know was just how much Zuo Jian was weeping in his heart when he saw this list of opponents.

—He had instigated Yan Jun to target Ling Han because he wanted to get rid of a powerful competitor. He had not thought that after going around a full circle, the first opponent he encountered was actually Ling Han.

He was speechless.

Very soon, the first round of battles began.

Because the two finalists would be decided on a day's time, the elimination rounds would not be conducted one after another, but rather when the sixteen contestants in the first half began, the eight groups of battles would be carried out at the same time.

Ling Han entered the arena, and Zuo Jian was standing opposite him.

He didn't recognize Zuo Jian, yet he could see the practically constipated expression on his face.

Was there… something wrong with this person's brain?

"Begin," the referee said from the sidelines, and the battle began.

Zuo Jian was extremely careful. He had heard of Ling Han's battle merits, and even an elite of Twelve Meridians had been defeated by him. He was definitely a strong opponent.

He circled around Ling Han, but Ling Han simply stood with his hands clasped behind his back, acting as if he didn't exist.

"Looking down on me?" Zuo Jian sneered. He was also a Twelve Meridians, and he had prepared for a very, very long time for today. His battle prowess was definitely astonishing.

Fine, you are underestimating me, which would make it easier for me to defeat you.

Xiu, he suddenly moved, and punched out directly.

Just as it was about to strike Ling Han's back, Zuo Jian couldn't help but reveal a hint of joy in his expression. However, right at this moment, Ling Han turned around at an extraordinarily fast speed. Then, he stretched out his right hand to grab at Zuo Jian's chest, and with a powerful wave, he was sent flying.

Peng, he fell heavily onto the ground, feeling pain all over his body, unable to stand up at all.