Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3194 Candidates for the finals

"Ling Han wins," the referee announced loudly.

Zuo Jian was sprawled out on the ground, his heart feeling utter despair.

After preparing for so long, he had initially thought that he would be able to rise to prominence in a single day. In the end, however, he had met with misfortune. Such sorrowful results would make a hero deeply sad ever since.

Ling Han went down to rest. When the first round of battles had all ended, the eight contestants would immediately proceed to the second round of knockout battles.

After about an hour, the second round of battles began.

It was mainly because there were two people who had drawn out their battle too long in the first round. Everyone was waiting for them. Otherwise, the other seven groups would have long since finished their battle.

Ling Han's second opponent was the victor of that drawn out battle.

—He and his opponent from the last round were both skilled in defense. If the referee had not forcibly commanded them to exchange blows, or both of them would be eliminated, their battle would actually be far from finishing within one hour.

In terms of defense alone, the power expenditure was extremely small, and he was extremely durable.

"Begin," the referee said.

Ling Han's opponent didn't plan to attack at all. He tried his best to shrink his body, reducing the surface area he had to defend.

His strategy was to drag things out. When Ling Han's power was exhausted, he would be able to win.

This was the defense style of the tortoise.

Ling Han smiled, and said, "You're not going to make a move? All right, then I will."

He clenched a fist and threw a punch at his opponent.

The man crossed his arms over his chest.

Peng!

The punch landed, and that person was instantly sent flying. Then, he collapsed onto the ground, and did not get up again.

"Ling Han wins."

On the spectators' seats, the spectators were all surprised. They had not thought that Ling Han would actually win so easily.

It should be known that his opponent specialized in defense, yet could not even withstand a single punch.

What kind of power was this?

"This is this year's dark horse!"

"En, his power is astonishing, and cannot be underestimated."

"It's possible for him to enter into the finals."

"Being able to get second place in his first time of participating in the tournament is truly remarkable."

Everyone was discussing spiritedly. They were all very optimistic about Ling Han's strength, but not one of them thought that he had a chance of defeating Tuoba Tianhuang.

After winning two rounds, Ling Han had already advanced into the quarterfinals. He only had to win two more rounds, and he would be able to emerge victorious from the first half.

By this time, there were no more mediocre people. His next opponent was actually a woman.

"Begin!" the referee announced.

The woman was dressed in red, and her beautiful eyes were as beautiful as a painting, extremely captivating. She curtsied slightly towards Ling Han, and said, "Sir, could you let me have this battle? I have always had a wish, and that is to be able to see Lord Tian Huang from a close distance, so could you please oblige me?"

Ling Han shook his head, "No!"

The red-clothed woman sighed, "This answer really disappoints me!" With a shake of her arms, a crescent blade appeared in each of her hands.

Weapons could be used in the tournament, but they could not be Tools from the ancient era. Otherwise, the competition would not be about individual abilities, but rather the background of the clan they belonged to.

Ling Han was unconcerned. After unleashing his power, the threat of any weapons would decrease greatly, and external objects were ultimately not as free as his own fists and feet.

His iron fists were enough to battle the world.

The red-clothed woman gave a soft shout, brandishing her twin sabers as she charged towards Ling Han.

Ling Han didn't move, and he only threw a punch when his opponent entered his attack range.

Peng, under the crushing pressure of more than fifty thousand kilograms of power, no matter how many amazing techniques the woman had grasped, it was useless. Under the crushing pressure of absolute power, everything was nothing.

The woman was instantly sent flying. Her twin sabers also flew out of her hands, one to the left and one to the right. Shua, they flew onto the spectators' seats, causing a wave of exclamations.

Ling Han won again.

He had already entered into the top four of his half.

It wasn't long before his final opponent also arrived before him. However, he was still defeated with a single punch.

This caused a heated discussion among the spectators.

"No matter what kind of opponent he is, he would be defeated with a single punch. His abilities are very strong."

"Who knows, he may pose a threat to Tuoba Tianhuang."

"What kind of joke is that? What kind of existence is Tuoba Tianhuang? Even if there were ten Ling Hans added together, they would still be no match for Lord Tianhuang."

"That's right. You guys are thinking too much. No matter who enters into the finals, no matter how amazing they are, they would only set off Lord Tian Huang's strength."

"Lord Tian Huang's strength has long since surpassed reason!"

In the end, everyone still agreed that Ling Han definitely couldn't shake Tuoba Tianhuang's status.

The finalists of the first half had already appeared, and the finalists of the second half would only be decided in the afternoon.

After lunch, the knockout battles in the second half immediately began.

Ling Han also deliberately stayed behind. He wanted to see how this legendary Tuoba Tianhuang actually looked like.

The tournament began, and Ling Han saw a slender young man with waterfall-like hair and bright brows. He had an indescribable bearing, and the moment he appeared, he became the centre of attention, firmly capturing everyone's gaze.

Tuoba Tianhuang.

Without any introduction, Ling Han was sure that this was Tuoba Tianhuang.

As expected, the moment this person entered the arena, he received a tsunami of cheers. The entire martial arts arena was shouting a name, and it was incredibly coordinated.

Tuoba, Tian Huang.

Unfortunately, Ling Han didn't see Tuoba Tianhuang make a move, because everyone who encountered Tuoba Tianhuang would automatically admit defeat.

Surrendering without a fight was a great humiliation for cultivators, but these people didn't receive any booing, as if this was a matter of course.

Just like that, Tuoba Tianhuang entered into the finals without battling a single battle.

In terms of difficulty, Tuoba Tianhuang had already crushed Ling Han.

Then the battle would be tomorrow.

Ling Han's interest was piqued. Originally, among Twelve Meridians, it was already impossible for anyone to be his match. Perhaps Tuoba Tianhuang would give him a pleasant surprise—perhaps he had also unblocked his Hidden Meridians?

After returning to his residence, Ling Han continued to sense the third Extraordinary Meridian. He had a feeling that breaking through to Fifteen Meridians was close at hand.

However, today's competition was a huge blow to the little handmaiden.

Though she was filled with confidence in Ling Han, the atmosphere displayed by the whole martial arts arena was in favour of Tuoba Tianhuang's absolutely one-sided superiority.

This caused the little female attendant to feel uneasy, and filled with worry.

If he lost, just how great of a blow would Young Master suffer?

She didn't dare to think about it.

Ling Han cultivated all the way until midnight. His body suddenly trembled, and a pleasantly surprised expression appeared on his face.

The third Extraordinary Meridian had been found!

Unfortunately, without the mystical power of heaven and earth provided to him, he could not open up this meridian and could only wait.

The next morning, Ling Han woke up early and waited for the sun to rise. He immediately started to break through to Fifteen Meridians.

In just a few minutes, this meridian was suddenly cleared. The next step was to widen it.

Ling Han practiced for half an hour before stopping.

It was time to collect the prize. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Ling Han was filled with anticipation. Just how much could the Amazing Cloud Fruit increase his spiritual power? Would he be able to advance into the Middle Level?

He did not consider at all the possibility that he would lose to Tuoba Tianhuang.

"Huan Xue, bring that chair. Someone is going to eat it today," Ling Han said.

"Oh." Huan Xue hadn't slept well the entire night, and she had two dark circles under her eyes. She carried the chair that had been taken out from the City Lord's Residence and followed Ling Han.