Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3195 Letting Each Other Have Ten Moves

Along the way, Ling Han and Huan Xue definitely attracted a lot of looks.

Beautiful women were attractive in the first place, what more when they were carrying a chair? Furthermore, Ling Han's reputation was not low either. He had fought all the way into today's finals. Though he would definitely lose to Tuoba Tianhuang, he was still a well-known figure.

And now, the two of them were walking by in this manner, so it was natural that everyone was curious.

"Wasn't he going to participate in the finals? What's going on now?"

"Is he trying to express his disdain? Will he be seated as he battles Tuoba Tianhuang?"

"It's a shame that I don't have any tickets. Otherwise, I would really want to witness it with my own eyes."

Very soon, Ling Han and his little handmaiden arrived at the martial arts arena.

Seeing Ling Han and his companion carrying a chair, the guards were naturally very surprised as well. However, Ling Han was a finalist today. To say nothing of bringing his own chair, even if he brought a rocket cannon, as long as it was not used in the finals, they would not dare to stop him.

However, when they entered, they just happened to see Qi Suifeng.

'F*ck!'

Seeing Huan Xue carrying a chair, both the style and color was so familiar to him. He immediately recognized it. F*ck, wasn't this the one from the city lord's residence?

'Ling Han, Ling Han, you really won't give up until you're faced with the grim reality. Do you think you have a chance of winning?'

"Humph, humph." He smirked coldly.

Ling Han saw this, and said to his little handmaiden, "Huan Xue, smirk."

Huan Xue naturally carried out Young Master's command without any reservations. She immediately revealed a cold smile.

In Qi Suifeng's eyes, this had become a blatant mockery.

'Look, I've already prepared the chair that you want to eat. Hurry up and wash your mouth.'

He couldn't help but feel furious. Ling Han was despicable, but he didn't expect his maid to be the same.

As expected, like master, like servant.

"Ling Han, I'll be waiting to see a good show!" he said with a sneer. It was absolutely impossible for Ling Han to defeat Tuoba Tianhuang. Thus, he could only act cheeky now, and cry later.

"Huan Xue, make a face," Ling Han said.

"Oh." The little female attendant set the chair aside, then made a face.

Wu, so embarrassing.

Qi Suifeng gritted his teeth. Ling Han didn't even speak to him directly. Instead, he used his maidservant to complete his mockery. This was really taking things too far.

He would not lower himself to his level. In any case, very soon, this brat would kneel down and declare his defeat.

"I won't lower myself to your level." He strode off.

Ling Han smiled faintly. He wanted to know whether Qi Suifeng would eat this chair or not. En, he was slightly expectant.

"Huan Xue, let's go."

The two of them entered into the martial arts arena. Huan Xue went to sit in the spectators' seats first. With her carrying a chair like this, she attracted the attention of everyone she passed.

Yi, did she think that the chairs in the martial arts arena were uncomfortable, so she prepared her own chair?

Ling Han went to make preparations. Because there was only one battle today, there was naturally a lot of time. It would only begin at ten o'clock.

He closed his eyes to rest, and then someone came to inform him that it was time to take the field.

Ling Han followed that person. When he entered into the tournament grounds, his surroundings were completely silent.

There was actually no one cheering for him?

Ling Han was astounded. He knew that Tuoba Tianhuang was popular, but not one of the spectators had a high opinion of him?

Sigh!

Immediately afterward, Tuoba Tianhuang also took the field.

This was completely different. Thunderous applause rang out, and countless men and women screamed at the top of their lungs, excited to the extreme.

The difference in treatment was too great.

Ling Han clasped his hands behind his back. This could not shake his heart. In the Genesis World, he had killed who knew how many prodigies, and in the end, the whole world respected him!

This was the case for Genesis World, and it would be no exception here either.

"Begin!" the referee announced.

Tuoba Tianhuang looked at Ling Han and said calmly, "Since it's the finals, it's not good to end it too quickly. I'll let you have the first ten moves. Make your move." His voice wasn't harsh, but it naturally had a domineering air, making people willingly submit.

Ling Han smiled, and with a bounce of his feet, he charged towards Tuoba Tianhuang.

Tuoba Tianhuang indeed didn't make a move. His feet moved casually, and he quickly dodged ten moves.

"I'm going to make a move," he said, his voice clear. His hair was black and shining, indescribably elegant.

He moved. Xiu, a palm struck out towards Ling Han.

His hand was fairer than the majority of women, smooth as jade, and would make any woman jealous. However, when this palm strike sliced over, it was like a divine saber that could split open the ground, possessing an indestructible might.

Ling Han did not parry, and similarly moved his feet, dodging all of Tuoba Tianhuang's attacks.

Very quickly, ten moves had also passed.

"I'll return ten moves to you," Ling Han said calmly. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Hiss, everyone on the spectators' seats gritted their teeth.

Because this was the finals, sound amplifiers were also activated in the venue, clearly transmitting the conversation between the two of them into everyone's ears.

Ling Han actually deliberately let Tuoba Tianhuang have the upper hand for ten moves.

This?

It had always been Tuoba Tianhuang who would allow others to attack him, yet today, he was actually allowed to attack as well?

It should be known that if others spoke exaggeratedly in front of Tuoba Tianhuang, there would only be one result, and that was they would be beaten into mush.

But what about Ling Han?

Ten moves had passed, and he was still alive and kicking, without the slightest injury.

Inconceivable, this was really inconceivable!

Everyone had initially thought that it would only be going through the motions for this final battle. If Ling Han was smart, he would have surrendered long ago. If he wasn't smart, he would be beaten to a pulp, but now?

There was a rally of strikes!

This guy really wouldn't be able to stand against Tuoba Tianhuang, right?

"Impossible!"

"Tuoba Tianhuang was only too careless and didn't use his full strength, allowing this brat to dodge ten moves."

"En, that must be the case. For these ten moves, that brat must have used all the tricks up his sleeve."

"Lord Tian Huang only has to be slightly more serious, and he would be able to achieve victory in an instant."

Everyone quickly suppressed their shock. Tuoba Tianhuang's invincible might was deeply engraved in everyone's hearts.

"Yi?" Tuoba Tianhuang was also slightly surprised. He nodded, "You are not too bad. Your abilities have surpassed my imagination."

Ling Han shook his head, "If you only have this little bit of abilities, you would disappoint me."

"Hahahaha!" Tuoba Tianhuang roared with laughter, "You are very arrogant."

"I'm just stating facts," Ling Han said calmly.

Tuoba Tianhuang flicked his hand and said, "Alright, I'll be slightly serious."

He moved again. Shua, he delivered a palm strike, and the force was released, slicing towards Ling Han, forming a terrifying sonic boom.

This hadn't broken through the speed of sound yet, but it was already not too far from that.

"Hiss, as expected of Tuoba Tianhuang, whose attack speed is close to the speed of sound!"

"It should be known that only a Blood Transformation Tier elite can reach the speed of sound."

"So, Tuoba Tianhuang is the strongest below the Blood Transformation Tier. No one can shake his position."

Everyone was rueful. However, the speed of their speech was naturally inferior to the speed of Tuoba Tianhuang's attack. This palm strike had already arrived in front of Ling Han.

Ling Han placed one hand behind his back, while his other hand clenched into a fist, and blasted forwards.

Peng! Tuoba Tianhuang's palm strike was instantly shattered.

This time, the whole area was in an uproar.

Previously, it could be said that Tuoba Tianhuang had gone easy on him and didn't use his full strength at all, but in that attack just now, Tuoba Tianhuang had already said that he would be more serious.

Heavens, Tuoba Tianhuang being slightly serious hadn't dealt with Ling Han at all?

Then did he have to be very serious, or completely serious?

Tuoba Tianhuang finally looked solemn, and the corners of his mouth slowly split open. His whole person exuded an endless fighting spirit, "So you are actually this strong? That is great!" He appeared very happy, "I have always wanted to find a match that is my equal. Unfortunately, after I have advanced into Twelve Meridians, I can't even find someone who can take a blow from me."

"Today, can you let me battle to my heart's content?"