Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3196 Two monsters

Ling Han smiled and said, "Coincidentally, I haven't been able to encounter someone that can withstand a single blow from me either. How many strikes can you block?"

In a tit-for-tat confrontation, not the slightest bit of aura was lost.

On the spectators' seats, everyone's blood was boiling, and their passion was also beginning to burn.

Actually, what was so interesting about a one-sided battle? Only a battle between equals would be exciting.

"Come, let's go all out in battle. I'm still waiting to see someone eat a chair," Ling Han said.

On the spectators' seats, Qi Suifeng's face was as black as ink, and he was incomparably driven mad. He really wanted to charge into the arena and battle Ling Han. However, to say nothing of the rules, even if he was allowed to enter the arena, he would not do so either.

What would he do there? Asking for a beating?

He knew very well just how terrifying Tuoba Tianhuang was. This was an opponen that even Tuoba Tianhuang had to become serious against, so how could he possibly match him?

"All right," Tuoba Tianhuang said with a smile. This was a smile of happiness. He had been invincible for too long, and it was rare for him to encounter a good opponent. This was a smile that came from the bottom of his heart.

He finally assumed an attacking stance, as it seemed like the starting stance of some kind of palm technique, and said, "Everyone thinks that after reaching the Twelve Meridians, that would be the end of the Meridian Opening Tier, but that is not the truth."

"Aside from the Twelve True Meridians, there are also eight Hidden Meridians."

"So, the pinnacle level of the Meridian Opening Tier should be Twenty Meridians!"

"Your power is not inferior to mine. You should have also opened up a few Extraordinary Meridians, right?"

"Hehe, everyone thought that I suppressed my cultivation level for the sake of this martial arts competition, and didn't cross into Blood Transformation Tier, but they didn't know that I only wanted to unblock the Hidden Meridians!"

His words, as the loudspeaker spread them to every corner of the arena, instantly caused a great commotion.

"What, Twelve Meridians is actually not the end of the Meridian Opening Tier?"

"There are still eight Hidden Meridians?"

"Huh? I think I've heard of it before. It's called the Extraordinary Eight Meridians."

"Why has no one ever unblocked them before?"

"Haven't you heard Tuoba Tianhuang say before that it's called Hidden Meridian? If they can be easily sensed, would they still be called the Hidden Meridians?"

"No wonder Tuoba Tianhuang was so strong and there isn't anyone that can even withstand a single blow from him. As it turned out, he is a Thirteen Meridians, Fourteen Meridians, or even higher!"

"Hiss, then Ling Han has also opened the Hidden Meridians?"

"Two monsters!"

To say nothing of ordinary people being stunned, even the members of the three Great Clans and the six Minor Clans were extremely stunned. They had indeed heard of the legend of the Extraordinary Eight Meridians, but they had always thought that it was just a rumor that no one could attain them. They had never thought that it was real, and two such super geniuses had appeared at the same time.

"That Ling Han, we can recruit him."

"He's the deputy captain of Xuanqing Banner. He's from a remote area, and his background is clean. We can promise him a huge sum of money so he can be recruited into the clan."

"Immediately get the clan to act, and tie this boy to the chariot of our Qi Clan."

On the spectators' seats belonging to the great clans, those in power all issued the same command, and that was to recruit Ling Han.

This was an outsider with a clean background. They could use the method of recruiting a son-in-law to tie him to their own clan. In future, it was very possible that Ling Han would bring glory to their clan.

Ling Han looked at Tuoba Tianhuang in surprise. Tuoba Tianhuang actually dared to speak of the Extraordinary Eight Meridians in public?

However, since it was already announced, he didn't care either, and said, "This morning, the third Hidden Meridian was just unblocked."

"I opened the third Hidden Meridian at the beginning of the year, and now I've already reached Consummate level. I'm sensing the fourth." Tuoba Tianhuang said, "Since that's the case, our cultivation levels can just barely be considered the same, so I won't have any reservations."

Peng, his clothes suddenly puffed up, as if they had been filled with air.

This was because the mystical power in his body was surging. The power was too powerful, and a sliver of it was directly seeping out of his skin, which was why his clothes were forced open.

His black locks danced wildly, making him appear to be wanton and unrestrained.

Ling Han felt pressured.

This opponent was really not weak. Not only had he similarly opened fifteen meridians, he had also expanded the third Hidden Meridian to the extreme.

Of course, everyone's limit was different. Thus, even if Ling Han had just unblocked the third Hidden Meridian , his power might not be inferior to Tuoba Tianhuang's. However, which of those who could unblock the Hidden Meridians wasn't a supreme prodigy?

Thus, it would be difficult for Ling Han to surpass Tuoba Tianhuang in terms of power!

In terms of power, he was already at a disadvantage. Furthermore, Tuoba Tianhuang had clearly become serious. If Ling Han still acted boldly and rashly, what else could it be but courting death?

He was confident that he was invincible, but he would definitely not be blindly arrogant.

Ling Han similarly assumed an offensive stance. This was the Demonic Monkey Fists.

It was clear that neither of them had made a move, but in everyone's eyes, a storm was brewing.

"Look, doesn't Tuoba Tianhuang look like a saber?"

"Yi, this is really strange. He is clearly a person, but why does he give me the feeling of a saber? Furthermore, it is the kind of saber that, once struck, there is nothing that cannot be severed?"

"It's the same for Ling Han. He's like a Demonic Monkey from the ancient times, with his feet on the ground and his hands supporting the sky. He's extremely terrifying." Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

"This is a kind of aura. Theoretically speaking, only when one's cultivation level has advanced to the Blood Transformation Tier and their blood is boiling, would one have the chance to form this kind of aura. But now, these two people's fighting spirit is too strong, or rather, their grasp of techniques has already reached an extreme height, which naturally formed the aura."

Someone explained; this was a Blood Transformation Tier elite.

"Then according to Senior, who would be stronger?"

The elite pondered for a moment before shaking his head and saying, "We'll only find out after they truly battle."

Now, no one thought that Tuoba Tianhuang would definitely win. Ling Han actually also had 15 Meridians. Though he was just a little bit inferior, it was already a real battle of equal cultivation levels.

Anyone could win, and anyone could lose.

"Come!" Tuoba Tianhuang shouted lightly. His figure charged out, and as his palms flew out, the force broke through the speed of sound, forming soundwaves that took the form of sabers that slashed towards Ling Han.

Ling Han was unafraid as he unleashed the Demonic Monkey Fists. He also unleashed a fist imprint that was blasted out with accompanying soundwaves.

Peng, peng, peng, peng, peng!

The two powers clashed, first releasing a heavy sound, which was followed by an extremely concentrated sound of impact. After a long time, the saber imprint and fist imprint disappeared at the same time.

"These two people are too terrifying. They have both overlapped at least ten layers of power. Thus, after the first exchange of blows, the power continued to collide, like an endless hailstorm." A Blood Transformation Tier was pushed onto the commentator's stage. In this kind of battle, even a Twelve Meridians couldn't see very clearly, and needed someone to explain.

"As far as I know, the Blue Thunder Fist of the Tuoba Clan is only superimposed with nine overlapping layers of power. Furthermore, Tuoba Tianhuang should be using a saber technique, and is only using his palm to deliver a strike. It is definitely not the Blue Thunder Fist."

"I've never seen Ling Han's fist technique either."

"These two people must have had some incredible fortuitous encounter."

Everyone was both envious and covetous. In a situation when cultivation level remained unchanged, cultivating martial arts techniques that were even more powerful was undoubtedly the most practical way to increase battle prowess, and such a great secret was hidden in Ling Han and Tuoba Tianhuang.

Ling Han actually didn't want to use the Demonic Monkey Fists in public. However, he was hell-bent on obtaining the Amazing Cloud Fruit, so he definitely had to win.

Then let's battle!