Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3197 Cold air

Ling Han battled Tuoba Tianhuang.

This was originally a battle that had no suspense. Tuoba Tianhuang would be able to deal with Ling Han in a few moves, and just as everyone expected, take away the title of champion.

However, it was never imagined that Ling Han was actually another freak.

The two great freaks battled fiercely. Who could predict who would emerge victorious?

"Charge!" Tuoba Tianhuang charged out, slashing with both hands. Shua, shua, shua. Multiple flashes of saber power slashed over. As the power was released, every flash was incredibly terrifying, capable of shattering massive rocks, because this power was as great as over 100,000 kilograms.

Ling Han was not to be outdone either. He brandished his fists repeatedly, and clashed head-on with Tuoba Tianhuang.

Peng, peng, peng. Everyone could only see dust flying in the arena, but the exact details of the scene were all blurred.

Eleven overlapping layers of power, twelve overlapping layers of power, thirteen overlapping layers of power!

The two of them were slowly increasing the amount of power they could stack, but at this time, even a Blood Transformation Tier elite would not be able to capture their movements. Otherwise, that commentator would definitely grab his head and exclaim in shock.

In truth, this was also a deliberate action of Ling Han and Tuoba Tianhuang.

They had the belief that they were invincible, but their current cultivation level was still too low, after all. If they attracted the covetous eyes of a Blood Transformation Tier or Extreme Bone Tier elite, how would they be able to resist?

Thus, it was necessary to maintain an appropriate low profile.

Though ten overlapping layers of power was astonishing, it was only slightly stronger than the secret technique of a noble clan. If one took risks for it, the price that would be paid would not be appropriate to the reward that would be obtained.

When Ling Han pushed the power of overlap to the fourteenth layer, Tuoba Tianhuang didn't raise the power of overlap further.

"This is your limit?" Ling Han asked.

"Just guess," Tuoba Tianhuang said. He was confident and conceited, but definitely not arrogant. How could he possibly reveal his trump card to Ling Han?

However, Ling Han guessed that he should have already reached his limit, but just like him, if he channelled the cultivation technique, he might be able to increase the level of overlap further, and there would be a short burst of power.

However, he believed that Tuoba Tianhuang's cultivation technique was definitely inferior to Brother Monkey Cultivation Technique.

"I have to admit, your natural talent in cultivation is slightly superior to mine." Tuoba Tianhuang continued, "You have just opened the third Hidden Meridian, and I have already extended the third Hidden Meridian to the extreme. Even so, I have not gained the upper hand in terms of power."

This was the truth. Originally, Tuoba Tianhuang should have had a slight advantage in terms of power. This only meant that every meridian that Ling Han had opened was slightly wider than his. Thus, after accumulating the slightly additional amount of power, he was capable of matching him with just Fourteen Meridians to his Fifteen Meridians.

Ling Han smiled faintly. In a battle of equal cultivation levels, he was actually unable to crush his opponent. This kind of situation was already very rare. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

It could only be said that he had just begun on the path of martial arts, so the advantage he had accumulated was too little. Otherwise, if he had cultivated to the pinnacle of every cultivation level, and then encountered some prodigy, the latter probably would not be able to match him at the same cultivation level.

"However, do you really understand martial arts techniques?" Tuoba Tianhuang suddenly stopped.

Ling Han also stopped, his eyes focused on the other.

The sand that filled the skies slowly fell onto the ground, and the two of them became clearly visible again.

A strange light suddenly flashed across Tuoba Tianhuang's eyes. Strangely, white Qi actually surged out of his body.

It was not Qi!

Ling Han immediately shook his head. That was condensed water vapour.

Tuoba Tianhuang's body suddenly dropped to the freezing point, affecting the surrounding temperature, causing the hot air to encounter cold, forming water vapour that was visible to the naked eye.

"Martial arts techniques?" Ling Han asked curiously.

"This is called the Cold Ice Saber!" Tuoba Tianhuang said. "This was originally a saber technique, but I've instilled it into my palm techniques, because I'm most skilled in palm techniques. As for weapons, they're ultimately not as agile as my own palms."

Ling Han very much agreed with the latter words. He also preferred using fists.

This guy was quite powerful, turning a saber technique into a palm technique. It should be known that this was something that could only be done by a Grandmaster of martial arts. He was able to do it when he was only a Meridian Opening Tier elite. This natural talent was quite amazing.

"Take a palm strike from me!" Tuoba Tianhuang sent out a palm strike.

To be more precise, this was a palm strike that was sliced out, and power was released, turning into a white blade of ice.

As expected, he had also instilled the cold air into this palm strike.

"Inconceivable! This is too inconceivable!" On the commentator's platform, the Blood Transformation Tier cultivator's expression was filled with shock, and he shouted, "What did I just see? I really can't believe it! Meridian Opening Tier cultivators can only release their power, but Tuoba Tianhuang actually instilled the power of frost into his power. It's like a dream."

"Even in the Blood Transformation Tier, there are not many that can cultivate such mystical power like Ice, Blazing Flame, Divine Lightning, and so on. This is an ability that belongs to Extreme Bone Tier!"

"Heavens, this is really unbelievable to our eyes!"

"Tuoba Tianhuang is definitely not a prodigy that appears once in a hundred years, but rather a thousand, or even ten thousand years!"

With his shout, the people on the spectators' seats finally understood what this attack from Tuoba Tianhuang represented.

—He had broken through the barrier to the cultivation level, and cultivated a technique that only elites of Extreme Bone Tier could possess.

For example, the release of force was a technique that belonged to Ten Meridians and elites above that level. No matter how outstanding a Nine Meridians was, they could only feel powerless and sigh at their own inadequacy.

But what about Tuoba Tianhuang?

He had directly surpassed two cultivation levels!

Incomparable, prodigious beyond description.

Ling Han naturally wouldn't cower. He threw a punch to greet the attack, but while the force could be dispersed from afar, a cold air seeped into his bones, causing his blood flow and even the circulation of power to slow down.

It was still fine for one or two strikes, but with the accumulation of coldness, it would definitely affect his battle prowess, causing his attack speed to slow down, and his movements to slow down. In short, nothing would be as fast as normal.

With a thought from Ling Han, the Brother Monkey Cultivation Technique had already channeled. Instantly, a copious amount of power surged over, instantly returning him to normal.

"En?" Tuoba Tianhuang looked surprised. He could clearly see that Ling Han had indeed been affected by his secret technique at the beginning, but he soon recovered. His whole body was enshrouded in a layer of energy that could not be seen with the naked eye, and it was only because he was so close that he could sense it.

Ling Han smiled faintly, and said, "Others say that you can channel the abilities of Extreme Bone Tier elites, but I don't think so. You must have taken a shortcut, or encountered some great opportunity."

Tuoba Tianhuang was silent for a moment, then said, "That's right. I once ingested a thousand-year-old Ice Spirit Vermillion Fruit, which allowed me to infuse cold air into my mystical power when I channel a certain martial arts technique."

As expected!

Ling Han believed that Tuoba Tianhuang was a prodigy. However, he refused to believe that a prodigy could overcome the gap of two major tiers and cultivate the ability of Extreme Bone Tier.

"This move is useless. Switch to another one," he said calmly.

"Then let's return to the true essence of martial arts, and achieve victory through pure strength!" Tuoba Tianhuang released a battle cry, and once again charged towards Ling Han.

The lower the overall level of cultivation, the fewer techniques one could use. It couldn't be helped. For example, attacks that were imbued with cold air belonged to the Extreme Bone Tier, and using blood and Qi to form a murderous aura to oppress one's opponent could only be possessed by Blood Transformation Tier elites, as well as explosive bursts of power through boiling blood and Qi, which didn't belong to the level of Meridian Opening Tier elites.

At this level, there were only two types of abilities: External Force Release and the Overlap of Power.