Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3198 Victory!

The battle between Tuoba Tianhuang and Ling Han returned to the basics of Meridian Opening Tier, and that was competing in power, competing in power release, and competing in power overlapping.

"It's time to end this!" Tuoba Tianhuang roared. His voice was so loud that many people on the spectators' seats couldn't help but cover their ears. He leaped up high and pounced at Ling Han. He delivered a palm strike, and it was as if he held a divine saber in his hand that could split open the ground.

At this point in the battle, no one doubted Ling Han's strength any longer. This was a super genius that could match Tuoba Tianhuang.

However, there was no such thing as first place in academics, and there was no such thing as second place in martial arts. Today, one of them had to fall.

Who would it be?

Ling Han also let out a battle cry. He channeled the Brother Monkey Cultivation Technique. Tu, tu, tu. His heart beat faster, and more blood gushed out, speeding up the circulation of blood. It also allowed his body to explode with greater potential than normal.

"Break!" He threw a punch.

Peng! Peng, peng, peng, peng, peng!

In the exchange of blows, sharp sounds were endless, and Tuoba Tianhuang was sent flying.

What!

Everyone on the spectators' seats witnessed this scene, and their eyes widened in disbelief.

Was Ling Han about to win?

Tuoba Tianhuang turned around and landed, his feet on the ground, a trace of blood at the corner of his lips.

In that attack just now, he had channeled his cultivation technique, causing his power overlap to reach the 18th layer. Unexpectedly, he had still suffered a serious injury from this attack.

Ling Han's punch had overlapped power by at least 19 layers, or even the terrifying extent of 20 layers.

Just how astonishing was their raw power?

They both had 100,000 kilograms, at least, so how could they not be injured after being hit by such a wave, or even in fact, two waves of force?

And this was still Tuoba Tianhuang. If it was any other normal Twelve Meridians, they would have long since been blasted into smithereens.

"The cultivation technique you grasp is superior to mine, and so is the fist technique." Tuoba Tianhuang sighed, "I forfeit! However, this is because Meridian Opening Tier has too few techniques. When you advance into Blood Transformation Tier, if we battle again at the same cultivation level, I will definitely not lose to you!"

This was the honest truth. In a situation where their base power was equal, if one party's cultivation technique and martial arts technique was better, they would be able to blast out a stronger battle prowess and gain the upper hand.

Who asked this to be the Meridian Opening Tier? The competition was based on pure power.

Ling Han smiled faintly. He could defeat Tuoba Tianhuang now, and as his cultivation level increased, the gap between him and Tuoba Tianhuang would only become larger and larger.

A draw was impossible.

"Alright, I'm very expectant," he said with a nod.

Well, in life, one had to keep a low profile.

Tuoba Tianhuang turned around and left. Since he had already lost, what was the point of staying?

It wasn't until his figure disappeared into the aisle that a smattering of applause rang out from the spectators' seats. Then, it became more and more intense, and finally turned into a violent storm.

Who could believe that the invincible Tuoba Tianhuang would actually lose?

Did this signify the end of an era, the beginning of a new age?

"Ling Han!"

"Ling Han!"

"Ling Han!"

On the spectators' seats, everyone was shouting Ling Han's name. This was the glory that a champion deserved.

"Heavens, this is really unbelievable. Our captain is actually so awesome!" The warriors of Xuanqing Banner were also boiling over in their excitement. Before this, they had still told Ling Han that the second place would be assured for him. They had not thought that Ling Han would be so awesome, that he could even defeat Tuoba Tianhuang.

"Of course, this is the captain of our Xuanqing Banner!"

"He has already opened 15 meridians, so how could he not be powerful?"

"From today onwards, our Xuanqing Banner is number one among the four banners!"

Huan Xue was also so excited that her face was about to bloom. She clapped her hands with all her might, as if she didn't care even if they were smashed from the force.

Her heart was filled with pride. Who told you to look down on my Young Master? Now you know how powerful my Young Master is, right?

However, while some were happy, there were naturally some who were worried.

For example… Qi Suifeng.

Before this, he wouldn't have believed that Ling Han could defeat Tuoba Tianhuang even if it killed him. However, reality was so cruel.

Tuoba Tianhuang truly lost.

This meant that he had to eat a chair!

What a joke. To say nothing of the fact that the taste of the chair was definitely not delicious, as the most outstanding heir of the younger generation of the Qi Clan, how could he be so humiliated in public?

He had to flee quickly.

"Er, Qi Suifeng, don't even think of running away." Unexpectedly, Ling Han's voice rang out, spreading throughout the entire martial arts arena through the sound amplification device.

Don't think of running away… of running away… running away… away…

And it even had an echo.

All of a sudden, Qi Suifeng discovered that there were countless pairs of eyes focused on him. The majority of them were clearly ordinary people, but they still made him feel as if he was being pricked by needles. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"I made a bet with Qi Suifeng. If I defeat Tuoba Tianhuang, he'll have to eat a chair, and it'll be from the city lord's residence at that," Ling Han continued. "I've already brought the chair. Later, Qi Suifeng will perform in public. I hope everyone isn't in a rush to leave and watch forcibly."

The grandstand was too big, so it was naturally impossible for him to find Qi Suifeng among the 200,000 people in a single glance. However, it didn't matter. Whatever he said would be magnified, "Qi Suifeng, you have to admit defeat. Come on."

When everyone heard this, they were all amused.

When others won the competition, they would either shed tears of excitement, or dance around in excitement. How could they be as calm as Ling Han? He actually thought of his bet with someone first. It seemed like this was what he valued more.

The little female attendant immediately carried the chair and jumped into the tournament grounds. She was now an Eight Meridians, so carrying a chair on her back and leaping over the six-meter tall wall was completely no big deal.

F***, a chair really had to be prepared. It was not an ordinary one, but one that belonged to the City Lord's Residence.

—Would the taste of the chairs in the city lord's residence be better?

Qi Suifeng was the center of attention, so how could he flee?

Though he indeed very much wanted to flee, if he fled now, he would never be able to raise his head in the Huju City in the future.

"A loss is a loss. Go on." An old voice rang out, filled with authority.

Qi Suifeng's heart instantly clenched. This was Butler Mu of the city lord's residence.

Hiss, this was the command of an elite of Extreme Bone Tier, so how could he dare to disobey?

Helpless, Qi Suifeng could only walk towards the arena. His steps were extremely slow, as if he was walking into hell.

From a certain aspect, that was indeed the case.

However, no matter how slow he was, there was only that little bit of distance between them. He ultimately reached where Ling Han was standing.

"Eat," Ling Han said with a smile.

"Ling Han, don't go too far. I am a direct descendant of the Qi Clan. If you insult me like this, the clan will definitely not let you go!" Qi Suifeng said through gritted teeth.

Ling Han rolled his eyes and said, "At first, I was afraid that you would have indigestion, so I was thinking you could just eat a leg as a token. But now that you're threatening me like this, hoho, then there won't be anything less. Just finish it all!"

Qi Suifeng couldn't help but shed tears. He really had a bad mouth, to actually provoke this bringer of misfortune again. From Ling Han's series of actions in the city lord's residence, it was clear that this guy wasn't the type to be afraid of trouble.

Oh no, he had been trapped by himself.

"Eat, there's a lot, don't worry about not being full," Ling Han said very "considerately".

"Eat, eat!" On the spectators' seats, those who were here to watch the excitement cheered.