Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3199 Communicating with the inner world

Qi Suifeng's expression was ashen, and he numbly stretched out his arms. Pa! He snapped off a chair leg, then placed it in his mouth and began chewing.

Very quickly, a chair leg was gone.

Since he had to eat, the faster he ate, the better. When he went out later, he would be able to throw up as soon as possible.

"How's the taste?" Ling Han asked from the sidelines. Meanwhile, the little handmaiden had long since frowned. Just looking at the way she was chewing made her feel flustered.

Qi Suifeng numbly handed over an armrest, and did not speak.

The meaning was very simple. If you want to know how the taste is, then come and have a taste.

Ling Han refused politely, "A gentleman does not seize what another favors. Please enjoy to your heart's content."

Qi Suifeng withdrew his hand numbly. Crack! He took a bite, and there was a crisp sound.

"Eat slowly. There's no need to rush. No one will fight with you over it." Ling Han patted Qi Suifeng's shoulder, then strode away.

It was time to receive his prize.

The prize for the first place was personally given out by Butler Mu of the city lord's residence. When he delivered the prize into Ling Han's hands, he looked meaningfully at Ling Han, "Young man, you have very promising future prospects. Work hard."

"Thank you, Senior." Ling Han accepted the prize happily. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Who knew if his spiritual power would be strong enough to release the empress and the others after ingesting this Amazing Cloud Fruit?

He couldn't wait any longer, and was just about to leave, but he had not even stepped out, when he saw two people walking towards him.

Lian Xuerong, as well as… Sun Jianfang.

"Lord Sect Master." Ling Han hurriedly clasped his hands in greeting. He was very respectful towards Sun Jianfang.

"Very good, you're very good." Sun Jianfang nodded. He patted Ling Han's shoulder with a beaming smile.

"Sect Master, has your hidden illness been cured?" Ling Han asked.

"It has been cured, but it still affected his lifespan," Lian Xuerong said. "Blood Transformation Tier elites should have an additional 30 years of lifespan. Every time they advance a minor level, their lifespan will increase by another three to five years. However, because the process of blood change is extremely overbearing, it will severely harm the body. Thus, the increase in lifespan is mostly cancelled out."

"Unless Mr Sun can break through to Extreme Bone Tier within twenty years, otherwise—"

She didn't continue, but her meaning was very clear. That was, Sun Jianfang probably still had about twenty years to live.

However, Sun Jianfang was very open-minded. He smiled and said, "It's fine. I'm already very satisfied to be able to come to the Dark North Nation to see the golden age of cultivation. Next, I'll leave it to fate."

Ling Han didn't say anything, but he secretly swore that he would definitely concoct a corresponding alchemical pill in the future, helping Sun Jianfang break through as soon as possible and resolve the crisis of his lifespan.

After chatting for a while, Sun Jianfang and Lian Xuerong allowed Ling Han to return. However, Lian Xuerong told Ling Han to definitely return to base camp in three days. They might be going on a mission.

Ling Han agreed readily, and returned with his little female attendant.

He guessed that a great many people would definitely come to pay him a visit, so he went to another inn.

Time to take alchemical pills… no, time to eat fruits.

Ling Han opened the chest. There was a jade box inside, and when he opened the box, there was a purple-black fruit inside. It was not big, and looked like a walnut.

Ling Han looked at it first, then smelt it, and observed the indistinct veined patterns on the fruit. He nodded. He was sure that this was the Amazing Cloud Fruit, and it was exactly as described.

He no longer hesitated, and immediately picked up the fruit to eat.

This kind of Treasured Fruit didn't need to be washed, and was naturally untainted.

Ling Han had initially thought that this fruit would taste terrible. After all, he had eaten Treasured Fruit before. However, he hadn't expected that the Amazing Cloud Fruit would actually taste quite good.

En, he chewed a few times, and wanted to take two more bites, but discovered that the fruit was already gone.

It was too little.

Ling Han sighed. Come to think of it, he was actually a glutton.

In a short while, he discovered that the effects of the Amazing Cloud Fruit were beginning to take effect.

His spiritual power was rapidly improving.

Originally, the most his spiritual power could do was grab a pen. It could be said to be negligible. This was mainly used to communicate with seals, but now, he believed that he could grab two pens at the same time, and it was still in the process of improvement.

Yi, if this spiritual power was slightly stronger, then wouldn't it be able to control weapons to attack?

Spiritual Power was shapeless, and unlike hands, it would be confined to the body. Spiritual Power could be released, or even attack from behind, which could not be guarded against.

"In the future, I have to be careful." Ling Han nodded. Otherwise, if he encountered a Grandmaster of Spiritual Power, restraining him head-on, but launched a surprise attack from behind, he would definitely be hit if he was careless.

The Treasured Fruit took effect, and there was no need for Ling Han himself to participate. However, he could feel his heart beat faster, and his head was also swelling slightly. It seemed to have doubled in size, and it was even increasing further in size. However, when he looked at the mirror, there was actually no change at all.

This was the upgrade of spiritual power, compressing the mind, which deluded him into thinking that his head had increased in size.

After about an hour, Ling Han finally calmed down. Aside from the fact that his face was hot, his eyes were red, and his head was still buzzing, everything had returned to normal.

He tried to channel Spiritual Power, and the stack of books on the table instantly "floated". It was extremely strange.

This wasn't caused by the release of power, but from Spiritual Power.

"Compared to before, its strength has increased more than tenfold!"

"The effects of an Amazing Cloud Fruit is actually so awesome?"

"This can only be said that my foundations are too low, and that is why there has been such a great improvement."

Ling Han nodded. He was sure that if he had another Amazing Cloud Fruit, his improvement would be very mediocre.

"I'll try again, and see if I can release Luan Xing and the others."

Ling Han looked into his body, and had already located the empress. Then, he pushed forwards, wanting to pull her out.

"Who is it?" the empress immediately shouted in a stern voice.

She was a Fourth Tier!

Ling Han couldn't speak, and could only touch her lightly with his Spiritual Power, conveying his longing.

"Ling Han?" the empress immediately said. This was Ling Han's body, and if there was anyone who was strong enough to affect her here without being discovered by her, it would be Ling Han.

Ling Han gave her a light brush, expressing his agreement.

"You can't speak, right? You can't transmit your divine sense, right?" the empress said. "If that is the case, then brush me two times. If that isn't the case, then brush me once."

Ling Han brushed her twice.

The empress nodded, "You're injured?"

Ling Han brushed her once.

The empress sighed in relief. "In other words, the world outside the door is extremely unique, and your strength has been restricted?"

Though it wasn't too right, it was close enough.

Ling Han brushed her twice.

"Big Sister, who are you talking to?" The Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden walked over.

"Ling Han."

"Ah, husband." The Heavenly Phoenix Divine Maiden was instantly excited. Although they had only parted for a few months, this was what worried them the most. This was because Ling Han was heading to an unknown world. No one knew what Ling Han was facing.

Instantly, Liu Yutong, Li Sichan and the other women all ran over.

Ling Han's spiritual power wasn't strong enough, so he couldn't transmit his intent, nor could he carve words on the ground. He could only express these words with brushing a touch.

However, this gave Ling Han a strong sense of confidence.

He believed that if his spiritual power was a little stronger, he would be able to communicate with the people in his body. If he was a little stronger, he would be able to release them.