Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3200 The First Mission

Ling Han "communicated" with the women for a long time before ending it reluctantly.

Now, his thirst for strength was even stronger.

To let everyone out of his body, he needed to have Spiritual Power, but without powerful strength, how would he be able to obtain treasures to increase Spiritual Power?

Ultimately, everything depended on strength.

Ling Han considered for a moment, then brought his little female attendant to Mercy Medicine Hall.

Next, he was going to Xuanqing Banner, and he was also worried about having Huan Xue, a young girl, move to a place full of men. Moreover, this was against the rules. He had never heard of anyone bringing their family into the army.

Therefore, he decided to let Huan Xue stay at Mercy Medicine Hall. After all, there were three types of medicines that he would be sharing the profits of in terms of dividends, so it was normal to arrange for someone to keep watch on his behalf. Additionally, as Mercy Medicine Hall's importance increased, the city lord's residence would gradually be more concerned as well. It was impossible for anyone to dismantle this place.

This was a safe place.

Ling Han brought Huan Xue with him to the pharmacy. After explaining the purpose of his visit, Mo Guohao naturally agreed gladly. He would take good care of Huan Xue.

After staying here for two days, Ling Han naturally encountered Zhong Yangbi. Looking at Zhong Yangbi's expression, tsk tsk, he really treated him like an enemy.

Using these two days' time, Ling Han bought the ingredients, planning to create the Blood Transformation Tier killing formation as soon as possible.

However, this couldn't be rushed for the moment, so he decided to deal with it in the Xuanqing Banner.

After dealing with all kinds of miscellaneous matters, three days passed, and Ling Han brought a large bag with him as he headed towards Xuanqing Banner's base. He was very rueful. If he had a Spatial Celestial Tool, how great would that be? No matter how he looked at it, the current him looked like a thief that had just committed a crime.

Ling Han received a warm welcome after entering the camp of the Xuanqing Banner..

Defeating Tuoba Tianhuang and winning first place in the martial arts tournament, awesome!

After much difficulty, Ling Han finally squeezed out of the crowd and placed his luggage down. There were a lot of clothes in this large bundle.

Ling Han continued to study the Middle Level formation patterns. These formation patterns were really a difficult thing to deal with. After learning them, they would automatically disappear from his mind, but when drawing, he would need to combine a few or even over a dozen formation patterns. This undoubtedly increased the difficulty by a great many times.

Moreover, the Middle Level formation foundations weren't as simple as this. Not only did they have high requirements for the foundation materials, but they also had high requirements for the ink.

Ordinary ink wouldn't work!

At the very least, the blood of a Blood Transformation Tier elite was needed. Furthermore, some formation foundations also had specific requirements for the type of blood. For example, if one wanted to set up an ice-type formation, he would need the blood of Demonic Beasts like the Ice Wolf and the Frost Python, and to set up a fire-type formation, he would need the blood of Demonic Beasts like the Flame Beast.

The killing formation that Ling Han wanted to set up didn't have such high requirements. It was fine as long as it was the blood of a Blood Transformation Tier. If there really was any requirement, that was, the fresher it was, the better.

"However, I seem to lack everything now."

Ling Han sighed. The formation foundations needed for the Middle Level Formation Technique were extraordinarily valuable, and more importantly, they couldn't be bought yet. Even Old Man Niu didn't have any in stock, so he could only go to the Formation Association to get some.

However, he wasn't a member of the Formations Association, so how could he bring himself to do so?

Forget it, he would cross that bridge when he came to it. He will first familiarize himself with formation patterns, and study alchemy. Alchemical pills could be concocted as long as one had medicinal ingredients, and seemed to be much simpler.

Without waiting for Ling Han to begin his delightful seclusion, he was called over by Lian Xuerong. Not only him, but also all the members of Team Seven.

"I have a mission for you," Lian Xuerong said seriously.

"I guarantee it will be completed," Tang Hai and the others immediately shouted loudly.

Ling Han gritted his teeth. Was there a need to be so loud? He also said, "I guarantee it will be completed."

He was extremely out of coordination.

Lian Xuerong nodded, "It is rumored that a Demonic Beast, a Twelve Meridians, has appeared in the Thousand Lotus Mountains. It would frequently come out of the mountains to cause harm to the townspeople in the area. Go and find it, and destroy it."

"We promise to complete the mission!" Tang Hai and the others shouted again.

F***!

Ling Han sighed, "I promise to complete the mission."

It was still very uncoordinated..

"Go on." Lian Xuerong waved them off.

Ling Han and his group exited Lian Xuerong's room, all of them looking relaxed.

"Initially, killing a Twelve Meridians Demonic Beast would require a lot of effort, and there might even be casualties," Tang Hai said with a smile. "However, with the addition of Ling Han, this is no big deal."

Everyone laughed. Ling Han's battle prowess far surpassed Twelve Meridians. Even if the nine of them attacked together, they probably wouldn't be a match for Ling Han.

"That's right. If Ling Han could have come earlier, Vice Captain Lu wouldn't have died," Zhang Honglang said very ruefully.

Their previous vice-captain had unfortunately died in an operation to eliminate Demonic Beasts.

Everyone's mood instantly dropped. To them, their relationship with comrades-in-arms might not be inferior to parental affection or romantic love.

"All right, let's not talk about such sad matters. Just pack your things, and we will set out in half an hour's time." Tang Hai waved his hand.

"Yes, captain!" Everyone exclaimed in unison. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Ling Han's mouth was half-open. F*ck, they were again out of coordination.

Half an hour later, all ten of them had packed their luggage, and prepared to set out.

Tang Hai led the team, and the nine of them followed behind. Meanwhile, Ling Han brought up the rear, as he was the deputy captain.

Their target was Thousand Lotus Mountains, which wasn't far from Huju City. Going by their pace, they would need 10 days to reach their destination.

Actually, if they weren't going to Thousand Lotus Mountains, it would only take one or two days by helicopter, but since the drastic change in heaven and earth, a great many mountains had undergone mysterious changes. Flying vehicles couldn't approach at all, or they would suddenly lose power and crash down from the sky.

Falling down from a height of a few hundred meters, it was guaranteed that every single bone of a Meridian Opening Tier elite would be shattered.

Thus, if one wanted to fly over, they would have to travel all the way around the mountain. In this way, the time spent would not be much less.

In that case, one might as well not go to so much trouble. He could just use his two legs, and treat it as a training exercise.

Of course, if Lian Xuerong and the other warships were dispatched, it would be different. They wouldn't be disturbed at all, and they would be able to fly steadily.

However, was there any need to deploy warships to annihilate a Twelve Meridians Demonic Beast?

They travelled westwards, passing through great mountains and great rivers. After the change of heaven and earth, the changes in the rivers were the most obvious. A river that was originally a few dozen metres wide could become a few miles wide. In fact, there were even some super great rivers that was a few hundred miles wide. Who knew where it had gotten so much water from, that it actually did not dry up.

This was within the borders of the Dark North Nation, and the current Emperor was incredibly wise. He appointed virtuous subjects, had clear rules and laws, and the lives of the common people were peaceful and well. Thus, there was definitely no one that was forced to turn to crime, and did a business that required no capital. Of course, there were also some that were born cruel, and there was no need for force for them to walk on that path.

Thus, Xuanqing Banner's mission was to exterminate these bandits, as well as the Demonic Beasts.

They arrived at Thousand Lotus Mountains after a very peaceful journey.

Ling Han gazed into the distance. The Thousand Lotus Mountains' name was truly fitting for the place. Multiple mountains stood erect, like blooming lotuses.

However, this place was really too big!