Chapter 3201 Tracking

The Thousand Lotus Mountain was really huge, with thousands of peaks. How long would it take for ten people to search the entire area?

Moreover, even if they knew which peak the Demonic Beast was at, it only needed to find a secretive place to hide, then locating it would not be an easy task.

Ling Han and the others naturally wouldn't be stupid enough to directly search the mountain. They planned to first head to a nearby village or small town to find out the situation.

That was because they didn't even know what this Demonic Beast looked like, so how were they supposed to find it?

There were a great many villages and towns surrounding the Thousand Lotus Mountains, as the Thousand Lotus Mountains were rich in medicinal ingredients. To herb-gatherers, this was a land of treasure. It was a similar amount of time they needed to spend to find medicinal ingredients elsewhere, and the harvest here was even several times higher than anywhere else.

As time passed, this place had become a large number of medium-scale trading towns. These towns were used for herb-gatherers and merchants to rest and trade.

Ling Han and the others arrived at a place called Three Bright Town. It was obvious that they had just gone through an ordeal. There were collapsed buildings and ruins everywhere.

Had this place been ravaged by a Demonic Beast before?

A considerable number of people had died in the city, and it was something that had happened not too long ago. A strong smell of blood could be smelt, and it could also be seen that in the ruins, there were a great many people cleaning up the broken walls and tiles, carrying out their dead relatives from within.

When Tang Hai and the others saw this scene, their eyes involuntarily turned red.

They were all commoners, and it was possible that their families were also in some small town or village, so they had much empathy for these people.

"That bloody beast!" Liu Jing forced out through gritted teeth, a vein popping on his forehead.

"I'm going to kill it!" Zhang Honglang drew his saber.

"Charge!"

"Charge!"

"Charge!"

The others also drew their weapons.

Tang Hai pressed his hands down, and said, "Don't be rash. Go and ask about the situation first."

They went to ask around, and the result was that the Demonic Beast wreaked havoc and killed innocent people.

According to the townspeople's descriptions, that Demonic Beast was shaped like a tiger, and its length was astonishing, reaching about nine meters. However, the difference was that it had no hair, and was covered with something that looked like roots. In a dark place, it would even glow.

Last night, this Demonic Beast attacked at night, causing massive damage to the small town. Houses collapsed, and countless people died.

Although the houses here were very sturdy, how could they withstand the barrage of attacks from a Twelve Meridians that possessed power as high as 50,000kg?

A mere Demonic Beast was enough to cause great misery and suffering in this place.

"It's slightly past nightfall, that Demonic Beast should be nearby."

"Let's give chase."

"But there are mountains and rocks everywhere, so how are we supposed to catch up?"

Tang Hai and the others were extremely furious, yet they didn't know how to find that damned beast.

"I might have a way," Ling Han suddenly said.

"Deputy Captain, what can you do?" Everyone looked over. Ever since Ling Han defeated Tuoba Tianhuang, they had developed an indescribable trust in Ling Han.

Ling Han retrieved a jade box, saying, "Let's give it a try."

He opened the jade box, and there was a jade-colored toad inside.

This was obtained from Li Changdan. After such a long time, Ling Han finally understood how this worked. No wonder Li Changdan and the others had always been able to chase after him.

The jade-colored toad sensed for a moment, and croaked twice in a certain direction.

"There," Ling Han said as he pointed in that direction.

Everyone clicked their tongues in amazement. This was too interesting. A toad actually knew how to track a target?

Yi, wouldn't it starve to death if it was locked in a box all day?

Everyone set out. After leaving the small town, Ling Han would take out the jade-colored toad to calibrate its position for every section of the journey. However, after noon, this direction did not change again.

Perhaps the Demonic Beast was tired from running, so it decided to take a rest somewhere.

The small team moved swiftly. Everyone was filled with fury. This kind of vicious and evil animal had to be dealt with immediately.

After more than three hours of traversing mountains and ridges, they arrived at the entrance to a canyon. Judging by the jade-colored toad's guidance, that Demonic Beast should be inside.

They were just about to enter, when Ling Han put up his hand, and said, "Something's wrong."

Tang Hai and the others immediately became alert.

"You're quite cautious," a voice suddenly said.

"Who is it!" Tang Hai shouted loudly.

A middle-aged man walked out from behind a large rock. He was of medium build, and his hair was tied into over a hundred braids. This wasn't the strangest thing, because there was actually a small bell tied into each braid.

This was interesting, as whenever he took one step, ding, ding, ding, the bells on his head let out a series of crisp rings.

"We are Team Seven under the Xuanqing Banner of Huju City, Dark North Nation. We are commanded to eradicate the Demonic Beast." Tang Hai first reported the identity of his group, then shouted loudly, "Who are you? Tell us your name."

"So it actually alerted Huju City?" This braided man muttered, then pointed at his own head, "You guys can call me Mr. Braided Hair!"

"Pu, isn't it Miss Braid?" Another voice rang out, and they saw that on the large rock beside the braided man, a woman in blood-red robes had appeared at some point in time. Her appearance could only be considered average, but she still had heavy makeup on. Her huge bloody mouth was painted bright red, like a monkey's behind.

She didn't even have any self-awareness, and continued to act coyly on the sidelines.

"B*tch, get lost!" the braided man roared.

"What are you shouting for? Do you think I'm afraid of you?" The red-clothed woman placed her hands on her hips. She clearly didn't have a waist, yet she still insisted on acting as if she had a very slender appearance.

Everyone felt like vomiting. This woman was really too pretentious.

"Who exactly are you people?" Tang Hai asked loudly.

"Don't worry about who we are. You guys only need to know a little bit." The braided man turned around, "This is the Forbidden Land, and you guys are not allowed to enter!"

"What a joke, the whole world is the Dark North Nation's territory!" Tang Hai sneered. "We represent the imperial court, purging the world of evil. What place can't be entered?"

Miss Braid, you speak too much nonsense. Just kill them," the red-clothed woman hooted.

"It's so boring to hole up in the mountains every day. It's rare for someone to come over to accompany us, so we naturally have to play for a while longer!" The braided man licked his lips, revealing a bloodthirsty expression.

The red-clothed woman twisted her plump behind, "Don't you still have me as companion?! You only have to say the word, and I would be willing to do anything!"

"Pu!" The braided man instantly looked like he was about to vomit. "Don't disgust me, all right?! Believe it or not, I'll kill you first!"

Not to mention him, even Ling Han and the others felt so disgusted that they wanted to throw up.

But right at this moment, xiu, xiu, xiu, dozens of arrows suddenly shot out from the bushes, charging towards Ling Han and his group. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

The speed of these arrows was too fast. In a flash, they had already appeared right in front of Ling Han and the others. Furthermore, there were arrows attacking from practically 180 degrees in front of them. They were incredibly close together, and there was practically no blind spots.

"Retreat!" Tang Hai roared.