Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3202 Three Queer Persons

Who would have thought? Though the braided man and the red-clothed woman seemed to be having an internal strife, they were actually just numbing Ling Han and the others. When they showed signs of impatience, or when their attention was slightly slack, the attack would suddenly arrive.

This was very sudden. Although Tang Hai roared, not everyone could immediately take a step back.

Ling Han took a step forward, clenched his hand into a fist and delivered a punch strike.

A terrifying power was unleashed, and when the force was released, it almost seemed solid.

Pa, pa, pa, pa. The arrows that had shot over were all broken by his strike, and fell all over the ground.

Under the suppression of absolute power, everything was meaningless.

"Impressive!" the braided man muttered.

"You're quite handsome." The red-clothed woman covered her face with both hands, making a bashful expression.

"None of them actually died?" A third person's voice rang out from the forest, "F***, this is really not giving me any face!"

"Again!"

Xiu, xiu, xiu! Another volley of crossbow bolts shot over.

This time, everyone was prepared, and raised the weapons in their hands to parry.

Ding, ding, ding. They cut down these arrows, and felt their arms go slightly numb.

The power of these crossbow bolts was extremely shocking, but it was also because of this that they were even more stunned. Just how powerful was Ling Han, to be able to destroy the first wave of crossbow bolts with a single punch.

"You guys, why didn't one of you die?" A short man rushed out of the forest. His hair was a mess, like a chicken's nest.

He glared angrily at Ling Han and the others, "I, Wang Baisheng, have attacked twice, and I actually did not even see a drop of blood. Wouldn't that be a stain on my reputation!"

Tang Hai and the others were all soldiers, so they had strict rules. They could only attack those who committed crimes. Thus, even though the braided man and red-clothed woman had spoken rudely just then, they still suppressed their urges.

But it was different now. Someone had made a move on them, and in fact, their motive was to kill them. This was equivalent to provoking the Dark North Nation.

It definitely could not be tolerated!

"According to the Majestic Empire's laws, die!" Tang Hai pointed his sword at Wang Baisheng.

"Charge!" Liu Jing and the others also pointed their weapons at Wang Baisheng and roared.

They immediately charged over.

Ling Han didn't move. Wang Baisheng was only a Twelve Meridians, so Tang Hai and the others were more than enough to deal with him. He only had to keep a lookout for the braided man and the red-clothed woman.

"Damn dwarf, can't you make the mechanism stronger?" the braided man called out.

"There's too little time, I couldn't make it in time!" Wang Baisheng shouted as he brandished his saber to battle fiercely with Tang Hai and the others.

He was short, but his saber was longer than a person, appearing very out of place.

However, when he brandished the saber, a gust of wind whistled, and the saber's power was extremely dense, showing that his power was extremely overbearing.

Ding, ding, ding, ding. The sound of weapons colliding was endless. Everyone here was above the level of Nine Meridians, and their power could be released externally. Thus, battle was not just a clash of weapons. A punch, a palm, and a kick could not be ignored. There was power exerted.

Wang Baisheng's personal battle prowess was very outstanding, and was much stronger than Tang Hai's. It was probably completely no problem for him to fight two people alone, but a total of nine people of Team Seven had charged forward. The combined power of this team definitely surpassed two Tang Hai's.

Thus, after a few moves, Wang Baisheng was at a disadvantage.

"Damn dwarf, do you need help?" the red-clothed woman asked with a smile.

"Pei, I don't want your help, and you want to trick me into bed again?" Wang Baisheng spat, then shouted at the top of his lungs, "Braids, come and help me!"

F***, and they thought just how brave and unyielding he was.

The braided man chuckled, and said, "Alright, I'm not playing anymore. I don't want any accidents to happen if I drag things out!"

He strode towards the battle. Ding, ding, ding, came the jingling sound of the bells.

Boom, a terrifying force swept past in front of him, forcing him to stop in his tracks.

The braided man looked at Ling Han in surprise. It was Ling Han who had stopped him just now.

"The two of you just stay here obediently," Ling Han said.

"Handsome little brother, I can play with you." The red-clothed woman jumped over, swaying her fat behind, making one feel so disgusted that they wanted to throw up.

At first, Ling Han only wanted to suppress the situation, and let Tang Hai and the others deal with these three people one by one, but after being disgusted by the red-clothed woman, he could no longer hold himself back. He charged forwards, and then threw a punch.

Peng, there was clearly still a distance of nine meters between them, but the red-clothed woman's expression changed drastically. A crisp cracking sound came from within her body, and the whole person was sent flying.

After drawing an arc in the air, she landed heavily on the ground. Her whole body was actually flattened, and blood seeped out, dyeing the grass beneath her red.

The ground would definitely be very fertile next year.

"B*tch! B*tch!" the braided man shouted. However, the only thing that answered him was a mass of blood that was spreading larger and larger.

Hiss!

The damn b*tch had actually been killed with a single punch?

The braided man's heart thumped madly. Though there were only three of them, they did not fear the fact that Ling Han's side had an advantage in numbers.

That was because not only were the three of them Twelve Meridians, they were also much stronger than ordinary Twelve Meridians, and as for the team members of Xuanqing Banner?

They knew very well that only the captain of the team was a Twelve Meridians. The others were only Eleven Meridians, and Ten Meridians.

Thus, the three of them could easily suppress him, and there was absolutely no need for them to take him to heart.

However, reality was so cruel.

Just one punch; one punch was enough to insta-kill. What kind of terrifying strength was this? He only had to think about it, and cold sweat would be dripping down his forehead.

He had to flee as soon as possible. Otherwise, he would only be seeking death. Discover 𝒏ew chapters at novelbi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Ling Han smiled faintly, and said, "Let me give you a piece of advice. If you don't want to die immediately, don't run."

The braided man laughed drily, and could only give up the idea of fleeing.

The pressure exerted by the young man in front of him was too terrifying. He felt that if he really fled, he would definitely not be able to escape the fate of being insta-killed.

He was clearly a Twelve Meridians himself as well!

"Tell me, why are you guys here?" Ling Han asked.

The braided man's eyes darted quickly. After a while, he asked carefully, "Can I not say?"

"No." Ling Han shook his head.

"What will happen if I don't say anything?" he asked again.

"Probably, possibly, or perhaps, just about the same as her." Ling Han pointed at the red-clothed woman on the ground.

The braided man thought for a moment, sighed, and said, "Then I would still choose…"

Xiu, he suddenly charged out, and with a wave of his hand, a piece of paper flew out. Then, a black-colored light immediately exploded, turning into a black cheetah that pounced rapidly towards Ling Han.

This speed was really fast. In a flash, it had already arrived in front of Ling Han.

Yet Ling Han did not take it to heart at all. The might of this Talisman Weapon was only on par with Twelve Meridians, and could not even withstand a single blow.

He knew that the braided man's true motive was to flee.

What wishful thinking.

He shot out a punch. Peng, this black cheetah was immediately shattered, and even that talisman paper was split into two, which rapidly dimmed.

What a freak you are!

The braided man cried out in his heart. He knew that Ling Han was terrifying, but it shouldn't be to this extent, right?

He hurriedly increased his speed, but felt a pain in his chest, and spluttered out a mouthful of blood. Then, he collapsed onto the ground, sinking into eternal darkness.