Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Chapter 3203 Deranged

"I accidentally exerted too much force and killed him." Ling Han scratched his head, "But it's all right. There's still one survivor."

He looked towards the short man, Wang Baisheng, and couldn't help but gape in shock.

That was because he was witnessing Wang Baisheng in the midst of being slashed to death by Tang Hai and the others.

'F*ck! Not a single one of them survived!'

How was he supposed to interrogate them now?

"The vice captain is indeed awesome!" Zhang Honglang praised, "It took nine of us to kill just one of them, but the deputy captain has already dealt with two."

"The vice captain is awesome!"

"Brilliant, Vice-Captain!"

Everyone was buttering him up, but they were not wrong.

Ling Han sighed, and said, "You killed all of them. Now who are we going to interrogate?"

"Ah!"

Everyone bore bitter expressions.

"I was so engrossed in the battle that I forgot to leave any survivors."

"There were still two on the vice captain's side, so we thought it would be fine even if we killed this one."

"Who could've thought that the vice-captain would deal with them so quickly?"

In short, all three of them were dead; there was not a single survivor.

"Let's look for the things on them, and see if there are any clues," Tang Hai said.

They searched for a while, but did not find anything useful.

"Strange, what relation do they have with the Demonic Beasts? Why were they stopping us from entering?"

"Could it be that this Demonic Beast was reared by them?"

"That can't be true, right? Firstly, no one would be so deranged, and secondly, they are only Twelve Meridians, so they shouldn't be able to rear a Demonic Beast of Twelve Meridians."

"Forget it, let's go deal with that Demonic Beast first."

Everyone nodded. This was the target of their mission. As for the identities of those three people, well, they would slowly investigate them in future.

They did not dare to be careless, moving into an offensive formation as they entered into the canyon.

This canyon was very quiet. Though there were large trees and weeds, it was so strange that there was no sound of insects, birds, or beasts. It was as if they had entered into a false world.

"Strange!"

"Be careful!"

The ten of them all spoke softly, reminding their teammates.

The canyon was still very big, and because there were too many trees, it was extremely obstructive to vision. One could only see about 90 meters away, but one only had to look at the path of fallen trees that was forcefully carved open, and one would know that this was once the track of a colossal creature.

That Demonic Beast!

They continued onwards, and not long after, a lake appeared ahead of them.

This lake was very big, but because there was no mountain wind blowing and no fish swimming in the water, it was like a mirror.

They took a look, then withdrew their gazes, and continued to follow the path of crushed vegetation.

However, even after everyone had taken a turn, Zhang Honglang was still walking forwards.

Tang Hai and the others thought that he was going to wash his hands, or perhaps he wanted to drink some water, so they didn't take it to heart. They only felt that this guy was a little disobedient. He had actually left the team without permission.

But very soon, they discovered that something was off.

After Zhang Honglang walked to the banks of the lake, he didn't stop. Instead, he continued to walk forward. His feet had already stepped into the water, yet he still didn't stop. Then, the water reached his knees, and then his lower abdomen.

What was this guy doing? Could it be that he wanted to take a swim here?

"Zhang Honglang!" Tang Hai immediately called out.

But Zhang Honglang completely ignored him. Step by step, he continued onwards. He did not try to float, but allowed the water to reach his chest and continue upwards.

What was going on?

Tang Hai and the others hurriedly rushed out, and when they all jumped into the water, they forcibly pulled Zhang Honglang back.

The strange thing was that Zhang Honglang, who was clearly being pulled by everyone, still made the motion of walking forwards.

"Zhang Honglang! Zhang Honglang!"

"Little Zhang!"

Everyone called out, but Zhang Honglang acted as if he had not heard anything. His two feet kept walking, and he would even reach his hands out in front of him. From time to time, he would also try to lower his head.

The way he acted made it seem like he was traversing through the dense forest.

Had he been bewitched?

"Thrash him until he wakes up," Tang Hai said.

Pa, pa, pa. They slapped Zhang Honglang's face, but he did not react at all and maintained his original movements.

"Why has this brat suddenly lost his senses?" Everyone was confused.

Ling Han also found it strange. How could there be such a sudden illness?

All of a sudden, Zhang Honglang revealed an expression of intense fear. He suddenly threw a punch forward.

"Zhang Honglang, what are you doing?" Liu Jing hurriedly dodged. Though he was an Eleven Meridians, if he was struck by a punch from a Ten Meridians, he would also be severely injured.

It was as if Zhang Honglang had gone mad. He drew his sword and attacked madly.

He was so crazy that no one could stop him, fearing that they would hurt him. Thus, when they saw him attack, they all stepped back.

Zhang Honglang had also used the overlapping layers of power. For a moment, he was incredibly fierce, but under this kind of expenditure, his power was quickly exhausted. After 20 minutes, he collapsed onto the ground.

"Captain, you're all still alive?" he suddenly asked.

Everyone exchanged looks. Of course, they were all alive and well. On the other hand, it was this brat who had suddenly lost his mind.

"That's great, everyone is still alive!" Zhang Honglang was incredibly excited. He hugged Liu Jing, tears streaming down his face.

This brat was really quite out of it.

"What did you see?" Ling Han asked.

"We encountered that Demonic Beast just now, and in the end, Captain, you guys were all eaten. I was fighting to the death, and just when I was about to die… how did I end up here?" Zhang Honglang asked in confusion.

Of course, that was only an illusion. The problem was, was Zhang Honglang daydreaming?

It was no wonder he seemed so distraught, like he was in a fight for survival. It turned out he was battling the Demonic Beast.

"His heart is beating a little faster, but it's within the normal range," Ju Yongsi said. Not only was he a soldier, but he was also a medic in the team.

"Are there such strange symptoms like suddenly falling into a dream?" Tang Hai asked.

"I'm not sure either." Ju Yongsi shook his head. He was also only familiar with dealing with physical wounds and reconnecting the broken bones.

Peng!

Right at this moment, Liu Jing suddenly lashed out, slashing at Ju Yongsi's neck.

No one saw this strike coming.

It should be known that though they did not share the same surname, they were closer than family, because they were comrades that trusted each other, and could entrust their backs to each other.

And now, Liu Jing was actually trying to assassinate their companion?

How could anyone have imagined this?

Just when it looked like a tragedy was about to happen, a fist suddenly shot over. Peng, Liu Jing's sword was instantly sent flying.

"Liu Jing, what are you—" Tang Hai suddenly called out, but before he could say the word "crazy", he stopped abruptly. That was because Liu Jing was also like Zhang Honglang previously, as if he had lost his mind, his expression twisted.

"What do we do?" Everyone stepped back. Because Zhang Honglang's mystical power had been exhausted, he had been picked up by Tang Hai.

It was far harder to subdue a man who had gone mad than to kill him.

"Something's not right."

"This definitely isn't a case of losing one's mind. Instead, it's a case of being attacked!"

"Has he been poisoned by some kind of substance that has affected his mind?"