Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3204 Killing Each Other

If it was only one person who had lost his mind, that would be understandable.

However, two of them were acting crazy now. Furthermore, they were in the same place, and acted up one after another. This was unbelievable.

There was something here that was influencing and controlling Zhang Honglang and Liu Jing. It could be the gas emitted by some kind of plant, or it could also be that Demonic Beast. Maybe that was why this place was so quiet. There was not a single insect, bird, or beast.

"Damn it, it actually wants us to kill each other!" Yu Liren said through gritted teeth. However, he could only draw out the distance between them, and not face Liu Jing head-on. Otherwise, it was possible that one of them would be injured.

"What sorcery is this?! Hurry up and show yourself. If you have the guts, fight me for three hundred rounds!" Ju Yongsi shouted.

However, only Liu Jing was feverishly hacking away with his sword. Not a single Demonic Beast jumped out.

Ling Han moved, and his domineering power sent Liu Jing's blade flying. Then, he delivered a palm strike onto Liu Jing's neck, knocking him unconscious.

This time, Liu Jing was completely pacified.

However, this wasn't the end. Tang Hai suddenly revealed a twisted expression, and he suddenly tossed Zhang Honglang into the air. He then slashed down with his saber.

This!

Ling Han hurriedly moved, but the distance was really too far, so how could he make it in time?

To say nothing of the fact that Zhang Honglang had already exhausted all of his power, even if he hadn't, in a situation when he was completely unguarded, how could he possibly be a match for Tang Hai?

He would not be able to block it either!

"Captain!" Everyone exclaimed in shock. Could it be that they were going to watch helplessly as their teammate was killed by one of their own?

Ling Han knew that the power of his fist wouldn't make it. He tried using Spiritual Power, wanting to deflect the saber in Tang Hai's hand. However, he immediately rejected this idea.

Though his spiritual power had advanced into the Middle Level, it could only carry the power of a few books at most. How could it possibly affect a Twelve Meridians?

'That's right!'

Ling Han transformed his Spiritual Power into a saber that charged toward Tang Hai's mind.

He believed that whether it was Zhang Honglang, Liu Jing, or Tang Hai, their minds had all been affected by a mysterious power.

Since this was a spiritual attack, perhaps he could also affect Tang Hai.

Boom, the spiritual attack was neither affected by distance nor time. With a thought from Ling Han, the spiritual attack had already pierced into Tang Hai's mind. However, an eerie, chaotic, yet incredibly powerful willpower immediately charged towards Ling Han.

Ling Han humphed, and his Spiritual Power retreated like floodwaters.

Shua! Blood sprayed through the air as the saber slashed down.

A tragedy had happened?

Everyone could not bear to watch. They did not want to see the tragedy of their comrades being killed in the slightest, but they still forced themselves to look.

Zhang Honglang… wasn't dead!

Tang Hai's saber had missed its target, and it had not struck Zhang Honglang's neck. However, it had still severed Zhang Honglang's left arm from his shoulder.

"Ah—" Zhang Honglang screamed in pain.

Ling Han sighed. At this moment, he could naturally conclude that a powerful being had taken control of Tang Hai and caused him to experience a nightmare.

In this kind of nightmare, perhaps Tang Hai was fighting hard to protect his teammates.

Damn it!

He threw another punch, and Tang Hai was instantly smashed to the ground.

"Gagaga!" Ju Yongsi let out a strange cry, as if he had become a completely different person. He placed the sword on his neck, "I never thought that I would encounter someone who has similarly cultivated Spiritual Power."

This was definitely not Ju Yongsi speaking, but rather someone who had taken control of his body, and was speaking through his voice.

"If I commit suicide now, can you stop me?"

Ling Han was just about to make a move, but Ju Yongsi had already swiped his saber horizontally. Pu, a smear of blood sprayed out, and his body had already gone limp, as he collapsed onto the ground.

"Xiao Ju!" The remaining people all roared in fury, their eyes practically spitting fire.

They wanted to kill someone, but the enemy had not even appeared, and they were already injured or dead. They were not on the same level at all.

Ling Han frowned and leaped out. Peng, peng, peng! He threw a few punches, knocking out those who were still conscious.

'Can you still control others?'

Boom!

Instantly, an incredibly powerful Spiritual Power rushed towards Ling Han, wanting to surge into his mind and occupy his consciousness.

However, right at this moment, a purple-colored light exuded from Ling Han's chest.

Instantly, this Spiritual Power shrank back as if it had touched fire.

Ling Han didn't even need to lower his head to know that this was the pendant showing its might.

—Speaking of which, Li Changdan's luck was really good. He had obtained the pendant and the jade-colored toad.

"I'm coming to find you!" Ling Han said calmly, but there was an indescribable firmness in his voice.

He stretched out his legs, and chased after the traces that had left behind.

It wasn't long before the marks of crushed vegetation reached its end. A strange Demonic Beast that looked like a tiger appeared in front of him. It was completely hairless, yet it had tentacles that were half a foot long and as thick as a baton.

Now, these tentacles were still flickering.

Strange, what breed of Demonic Beast was this?

"Die!" Ling Han charged over.

Weng, another spiritual attack shot over, but before it could touch Ling Han, the pendant on his chest showed its might again. The purple light merely trembled, and this Spiritual Power was bounced back.

Ling Han charged over, and the Demonic Beast hurriedly brandished its claws, sweeping them towards Ling Han.

There was actually a hint of disdain in this Demonic Beast's eyes. This was something that could only be displayed by intelligent creatures.

Peng!

A muffled sound rang out as the human and beast clashed. Ling Han and the Demonic Beast shuddered at the same time. Peng, peng, peng! A large area of the surrounding trees collapsed.

An expression of clear shock appeared on the Demonic Beast's face. It was truly strange seeing shock appear on a "beast's" face.

Previously, it had been filled with mockery. Did this human think that just because he had found it, he could kill it?

Wrong, not only did it have outstanding spiritual power, but its physical body was also not weak, reaching the Blood Transformation Tier.

This brat had a treasure on him that could resist its spiritual control, but when this human realized that he had only come here to die, the expression on his face would definitely be very interesting.

It was very expectant, but it had never imagined that it would be the one who would be shocked.

How could a Twelve Meridians possess such powerful strength?

This was illogical.

And after this strike, Ling Han's confidence increased greatly.

This Demonic Beast's spiritual power was extremely terrifying, being able to control the bodies of others. It could even do something as heaven-defying as opening its mouth to speak.

However, its physical body was not very strong.

Its physique had only reached the early stage of First Change, 100,000 kilograms of strength at most.

Fine, kill it!

Ling Han let out a battle cry, and brandished his fists repeatedly, blasting towards that Demonic Beast.

Peng, peng, peng! His power could reach as far as nine meters, and this was longer than any weapon. One after another, fist imprints surpassed the speed of sound, practically blasting out in full force.

—In the eyes of that Demonic Beast, its entire view was really filled with Ling Han's fist imprints, as they blasted towards it.

A hint of panic appeared on its face.

Its strength was spiritual control. Even if its opponent's cultivation level was slightly higher than its own, there was still a great possibility that they could be controlled, resulting in them becoming its plaything and allowing it to do as it liked with them.

However, he had never imagined that Ling Han had a treasure on him that could actually block its spiritual control. Furthermore, he was a Demonic Beast, and this brat was clearly a Twelve Meridians, but his power was comparable to a First Change. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

Its lifespan was nearing its end.