Chapter 3205 Blood Crystal

Ling Han attacked fiercely.

He was extremely furious. This Demonic Beast actually dared to kill right in front of him, and it was doing so in a toying manner at that.

Peng, peng, peng. He used Demonic Monkey Fists, and even channelled Brother Monkey Cultivation Technique, pushing the number of overlapping powers to the twentieth layer.

This was too terrifying. With this punch, it was equivalent to twenty Ling Hans attacking at the same time.

Though this Demonic Beast was extraordinary, its strength lay in its spiritual power. Its physical battle prowess was really not all that impressive. Among Blood Transformation Tier elites, it could only be ranked at the lowest level.

Thus, once Ling Han unleashed his full might, it really wouldn't be able to block him.

In just a dozen over punches, it was forcefully destroyed — though it repeatedly launched spiritual attacks, wanting to control Ling Han, they were all blocked by that purple pendant.

In truth, this Demonic Beast had lost very unjustly. If Ling Han didn't have this pendant, even if his spiritual power had reached Middle Level, and he could not be controlled, he would definitely be affected. Then, his battle prowess would be greatly reduced.

In fact, it didn't even have the chance to beg for mercy, because without the help of a human body, it couldn't speak.

It was finally dealt with.

Ling Han breathed a sigh of relief. Although there was a purple pendant protecting him, who knew how long this treasure could be used for? Was there a time limit or a limit to how many times it could be used?

The intelligence was very wrong. This wasn't some Twelve Meridians Demonic Beast, but a Blood Transformation Tier Demonic Beast. In fact, it was even skilled in using spiritual attacks to take control of its opponents. Even if a few Blood Transformation Tier elites came, it was still possible that they would be controlled to kill each other.

Perhaps, it had just advanced, because its physical battle prowess was really very weak.

Yi?

The Demonic Beast's body had been forcefully obliterated by Ling Han, so blood continued to flow out. Occasionally, there would also be organs such as the heart, but Ling Han discovered a crystal-like object above the heart.

It wasn't big, just the size of a fingernail. It was completely crimson red, and the same color as blood. If one didn't pay attention, it would be very easy to miss it.

Ling Han bent down and took it out, curious about what this thing was.

Something that had been accidentally eaten by this Demonic Beast? 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

No, even if it wasn't picky about food, it shouldn't have eaten something that would have ended right in its heart, right?

This was not because its body had been destroyed, it was mixed up with its heart. Instead, it seemed to be growning with its heart.

In other words, this was a part of the Demonic Beast's body.

Hold on, previously, the three people outside the canyon clearly did not want them to enter into the canyon, and no matter how they looked at it, the intention of these three people was not to stop them from entering and getting themselves killed, but wanting to kill them to keep them from leaking the secret.

Could it be related to this thing?

Ling Han was very good at making connections. After all, he had lived in the Genesis World for so many years.

"Perhaps, this is a treasure."

"The intention of these people is to let this Demonic Beast grow freely, so that it would become stronger, and from there, nourish this thing?"

"It's possible!"

"Then, the force behind this… is incredible."

Although the braided man and the others couldn't even withstand a single blow from Ling Han, their battle prowess was actually extremely powerful. Even Tang Hai and the other elites of Xuanqing Banner were no match for them. They definitely couldn't be nurtured by just any ordinary force.

Furthermore, the braided man would rather gamble with his life in order to escape than reveal the mastermind behind all this, which showed just how strict the authority this force had over their members.

"It seems like I've touched a terrifying corner."

Ling Han stroked his chin, and then broke into a grin. In any case, he had already done it, so what was the point of thinking so much?

He dragged the Demonic Beast with a grip on one leg and walked back. With his powerful strength, dragging a massive Demonic Beast behind him wouldn't be much of a problem. Very soon, he arrived at where Tang Hai and the others were lying.

None of the eight people had woken up.

Ling Han looked at Zhang Honglang, who had lost an arm, and then looked at Ju Yongsi, whose blood was about to dry up, and sighed.

Although they hadn't spent much time together, Ling Han's protective nature had already been triggered. One teamate had died and another crippled in front of him, so his mood was extremely dark.

He woke everyone up one by one.

"Xiao Ju!"

"Brother Ju!"

The moment everyone woke up, they suddenly sat up, shouting. They turned around to look for Ju Yongsi's whereabouts.

However, all they saw was an ice-cold corpse.

"Ah!" They all roared in fury. Even Zhang Honglang, who had lost his arm, did not feel sad for himself. Veins were popping on his face in anger.

Ling Han sighed, and said, "I've already killed the Demonic Beast. This is a Demonic Beast that can use spiritual control. It was this Demonic Beast that continuously affected everyone, and even caused Ju Yongsi to commit suicide."

"Damn it!" Everyone looked at the already dead Demonic Beast, wanting nothing more than to kill it again.

No wonder Ling Han wanted to knock them unconscious. Otherwise, they wouldn't be able to resist the control of the Demonic Beast, and they could all commit suicide.

Ling Han did not speak of the matter of the blood-red crystal. He was the one who had killed this Demonic Beast in the first place, so he naturally could claim any spoils of battle he liked. Furthermore, he felt that this thing was possibly very important.

"Pack up and return to the city!" Tang Hai regained the calmness that a soldier should have, and did his duty as a captain.

They returned, and after leaving the mountains, they rented a car.

Because they had to bring Ju Yongsi's corpse back, it was extremely inconvenient without a car, and there was also the corpse of that Demonic Beast.

After the drastic changes in heaven and earth, mysterious changes had taken place in the mountains and rivers. Aside from becoming larger, wider and deeper, the greatest effect was cutting off communication.

Even though the occupied Huju City had inter-city platforms, those were light cables that were laid out underground. If it was a Wireless Telewave, it would be completely cut off by mountains and rivers. This kind of network was extremely unstable, because if an earthquake happened at any time, the light cables would be snapped.

After the upheaval of heaven and earth, earthquakes were a common occurrence.

To say the least, once a great battle broke out between cultivators and Demonic Beasts, the light cables would also be easily destroyed.

Thus, Tang Hai and the others were unable to send the news back at the first instant. They could only wait for their return to Xuanqing Banner.

Eleven days later, they returned to Huju City.

When Tang Hai and the others carried Ju Yongsi's corpse into the camp, the entire camp became extremely quiet.

After a long while, a sorrowful howl that sounded like a wolf's howl finally sounded.

The Xuanqing Banner was a family, and the dead Ju Yongsi was not only their comrade, but also their brother.

Lian Xuerong immediately summoned Team Seven. With Ling Han's participation in this mission, it should have been smooth sailing. Why had one of them died and one of them was crippled?

Tang Hai was the captain, and his description was the most important. Meanwhile, Ling Han provided additional information. When it came to the details of his battle with the Demonic Beast, it was naturally Ling Han who would be explaining.

After hearing this, even Lian Xuerong's expression became very dark, her killing intent flickering.

If it was only a Demonic Beast, then she would have no choice but to accept it. The destiny of a warrior was to sacrifice their life for their country, but the present situation clearly involved other forces.

Ju Yongsi's death and Zhang Honglang's cripple were both to be blamed on this force.

"I will immediately report this to the City Lord. This enmity… must be remembered by every single person!" she declared darkly.

"Yes!" Tang Hai and the others all called out loudly.

They could not forget this kind of blood feud even if they wanted to.