Chapter 3206 City Massacre Plan

Ling Han went to Mercy Medicine Hall to take a look. The little handmaiden was naturally very happy. It had been more than twenty days since she had last seen Young Master Ling.

She still maintained an astonishing rate of advancement. With the Spirit Gathering Formation, and an endless supply of the modified version of the Mystical Power Pill and Meridian Exploration Pill, she advanced from Eight Meridians to Nine Meridians in just over twenty days.

She was just a little bit away from becoming an "elite" that could release her power.

The Mystical Power Pills were being sold every day, and the Meridian Exploration Pills would be auctioned once every seven days, which already earned him an astonishing amount of wealth. In another five days, the Everlasting Youth Pill would also begin to be put up for sale.

—Mo Guohao had set an astronomical price, but he was sure that the sales volume would reach a terrifying number. Unfortunately, production was a big problem.

Because pill recipes were too important, Mo Guohao had only passed them on to his most prized disciple, Zhong Yangbi. The two of them, Master and disciple, would be concocting alchemical pills together. Actually, even if the number they concocted were added together, they would not be able to reach one tenth of Ling Han's efficiency.

It should be known that Ling Han could concoct several cauldrons of alchemical pills at the same time, and his success rate was 100%.

Ling Han didn't insist that they increase their rate of concoction. In any case, he didn't even have to work, so he shouldn't be too fussy when he was just sitting down and collecting money.

The Demonic Beast that Team Seven had brought back was brought to the city lord's residence. This kind of Demonic Beast that was skilled in spiritual control was practically unheard of, what more when it was possible that someone was rearing it, which naturally alerted even Feng Zisheng.

Ling Han also took out that blood-coloured crystal and studied it closely. He was sure that this had great implications.

…

Somewhere.

"Milord, there was a small slip-up." A black-robed man knelt on the ground. In front of him stood a man that was completely enshrouded in blood-red light. His face could not be seen clearly, and only his waist-length black hair could be seen. He had a frightening aura that could suffocate one.

"En?" The man enshrouded in blood-red light was sipping wine, and when he heard this, he paused slightly, "What slip-up?"

"The thirty-ninth test subject was killed," the black-robed man said, not daring to stand up.

No matter how many times, in front of this Lord, he would feel extreme reverence and fear from the bottom of his heart, and could not suppress it no matter what.

"You didn't manage to snatch back the test subject?" the man shrouded in the sanguine light asked calmly, not losing his composure in the slightest.

"No, the three guardians all died in battle, and the test subject was sent to Huju City," the black-robed man said solemnly.

"Huju City?" The man enshrouded in blood light nodded, "Indeed, the experimental base is not far from there."

"Lord, what if they discover something…" The black-robed man wanted to say something but hesitated. He clearly knew in his heart just how unforgivable the things he had done were. Once they were exposed, no one would be able to save him.

In fact, even his incomparably noble lord's only fate was execution.

"Is that so?" The man shrouded in blood light pondered for a moment, "Then release all the test subjects, and cause a beast tide, razing Huju City to the ground."

Hiss!

The black-robed man inhaled sharply. Launching a beast tide to raze Huju City to the ground? This was not something as simple as a few words, but involved innumerable consequences.

"Lord, though it is not difficult to raze Huju City to the ground, the destruction of a large city would definitely enrage His Imperial Majesty," he said in a trembling voice.

The current Emperor's merit was still present, and everyone respected him. What was even more terrifying was the strength of this Emperor. His strength was peerless, and no one could match him.

Moreover, among the Majestic Empire, there were also four commanders. Which of them didn't have the courage to stand against ten thousand people, and had intelligence high enough to conquer the world?

Really, once the matter was pursued, anyone would lose their head.

"It's all right. His Imperial Majesty is presently breaking through to the Heaven Tier, so it is impossible for him to be distracted for the time being, and after a few days, who would be able to distinguish whether this beast tide was naturally formed, or was artificially engineered?" The man enshrouded in blood light smiled faintly, appearing to be extremely calm.

He took another sip of wine, and said, "Huju City snatched a Blood Divine Crystal from me, so I'll let them pay me back ten times, a hundred times over. This is just the right time; my Heavenly One Return to Origin Technique can also reach Small Accomplishment level, killing two birds with one stone."

The black-robed man did not dare to speak. For the sake of cultivating, this Lord did not hesitate to cause great suffering and bloodshed. His methods were really too vicious. Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

However, he didn't even dare to show his fear. Otherwise, he definitely wouldn't have been able to leave this place alive.

"Yes, this subordinate will immediately go and prepare." He could only agree respectfully.

"When can it be completed?" the man enshrouded in sanguine light asked.

"Two to three months," the black-robed man answered.

"Make it as soon as possible."

"Yes."

"Also, although it's only a Blood Divine Crystal, it can't be wasted either. Go and capture all the personnel involved and force out the whereabouts of the Blood Divine Crystal. You must get it back."

"Yes."

…

After spending two days, Ling Han finally understood the uses of this blood-colored crystal.

If he stimulated it with his Spiritual Power, the blood-colored crystal would also release spiritual power, which would synchronize with him, thereby increasing the strength of his Spiritual Power.

This was equivalent to improving his spiritual power.

It was unknown if there were other uses for it, such as medicine, or if it could be used in conjunction with some kind of special cultivation technique to truly increase his spiritual power?

The information he had obtained was too little, so he could not make any deductions.

Ling Han put the blood-colored crystal away. He would worry about this later.

Another three days passed, and the noblewomen and young misses of Huju City welcomed an incredibly important day.

The Everlasting Youth Pill was on sale!

The moment the doors opened, the Mercy Medicine Hall was almost broken through by these women.

It should be known that women had always been in a disadvantageous position in cultivation, and there were pitifully few that could truly step onto the path of cultivation. Thus, among the people gathered here early in the morning, at least ninety percent had not even reached the level of One Meridian.

But the power that exploded from them was so terrifying!

It could only be said that women had a fear of aging that surpassed death, and that was why they had the potential to release such power.

In the first round, a total of sixty Everlasting Beauty Pills were sold out in less than ten minutes. Each pill was priced at 100,000 Dark North Coins. There was no bargaining, but the sales speed was terrifying.

This made the other pharmacies in the city extremely jealous, but what could they do? If they themselves couldn't figure out the improved version of the Mystical Power Pill and the Meridian Exploration Pill, and couldn't perfect the Everlasting Youth Pill, they could only watch others earn big money.

In his free time, Ling Han used three days' time to concoct over 60 Everlasting Youth Pills. Compared to Mo Guohao and Zhong Yangbi, who only produced 60 pills a month, the difference was like heaven and earth.

He had concocted the alchemical pills himself, so it was naturally impossible that he would only take 30%. Mo Guohao had also made an agreement with him. Now, the alchemical pills that Ling Han sold at Mercy Medicine Hall would not be charged with a commission fee, and he would give Ling Han however much he sold.

Thus, these 60 Everlasting Youth Pills were worth an extremely high income of 6 million.

It was so easy to earn money, Ling Han mused ruefully.

If this was known to others, they would definitely want to smash him to death with tofu.

Easy to earn money my a*s!

Just like Xuanqing Banner's warriors who risked their lives, they only earned 3000 Dark North Coins a month.

Who asked Ling Han to be the Alchemy Emperor? If even he found it difficult to earn money, who else would be able to earn money?

"When the dividends are delivered, I will immediately restart the rich man's formation."

"Sigh, faced with the rich man's formation, my wealth is really not enough."

Ling Han felt rueful again.