Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3207 Preparations for breaking through to Blood Transformation Tier

Mo Guohao was very efficient. On the same night, he transferred the profits to Ling Han's account.

Not only was there profit from the Everlasting Youth Pills, but also from the modified versions of Mystical Power Pills and Meridian Exploration Pills. Although the number of pills concocted now was small, and there was only a 30% dividend, it was actually quite a lot in a month's time. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

The total was slightly less than 4 million, which was just enough for Ling Han to use the rich man's formation once.

He handed over 60 Everlasting Youth Pills to Mo Guohao. These should be the current hard currency. They would be put up for sale tomorrow, and it was guaranteed that they would be sold in a single morning.

Ling Han still had five Hidden Meridians that he hadn't unlocked yet. One Hidden Meridian had not been expanded to the maximum, and theoretically, he still needed to use the rich man's formation six more times.

Who knew what even Feng Zisheng would think if he saw this kind of exorbitant use of money.

Ling Han bought the ingredients and began to set up the rich man's formation.

Right, what was the real name of this formation?

Ling Han scratched his head. It was always called the rich man's formation. He had even forgotten the name of this formation.

Forget it, it didn't matter.

He activated the formations, and instantly, waves of power surged out, surging into his body. Under the tempering of the Brother Monkey Cultivation Technique, it became incomparably pure.

The strength of a cultivator, such as a Meridian Opening Tier elite, actually had a lot of determining factors.

The width of his meridians, the speed at which his power surged, and the purity of his power would all affect the power of his final attack. Thus, if Ling Han wanted to become the strongest, he had to reach the pinnacle in every aspect.

Thus, 90% of the power that surged into his body had even been abandoned, because it was not pure enough.

"If I want to pursue invincibility, then I can't just covet advancement. Otherwise, it would only be superficial."

Half a day later, Ling Han finally stopped, a satisfied expression on his face.

The third Hidden Meridian had already been widened to the extreme, and could not advance the slightest bit further. He could now open up the fourth Hidden Meridian.

At the last moment, Ling Han also brought his little handmaiden into the formation. Because after he had reached the pinnacle, the formations should not have stopped completely, so he could not waste it.

—Ling Han's cultivation speed was already a miracle, and Huan Xue's advancement was also worthy of being recorded in history. In less than a year, she had started from zero, and reached the peak stage of the Nine Meridians. Who could compare?

Moreover, the little handmaiden's spiritual power was also being developed. Ling Han planned to teach her alchemy and how to create formation foundations after a while.

He began to explore the fourth Hidden Meridian.

The Hidden Meridianwas called the Hidden Meridian because it was too hard to find. Perhaps not even one in 10,000 people would be able to discover it, and even if a Hidden Meridian could be found and was opened, it would be extremely difficult to continue finding the next one.

A night passed, and Ling Han did not make the slightest bit of progress. He had also wasted the time for cultivation when the sun had just risen, because he could no longer advance any further.

He was called over by Lian Xuerong.

"I heard you opened the Hidden Meridians?" the woman asked.

Ling Han nodded. After Tuoba Tianhuang, the loudmouth, had publicly revealed this fact, he could no longer keep it a secret.

"I forgot to tell you a few days ago. Thankfully, you haven't broken through to Blood Transformation Tier yet, so it's not too late," Lian Xuerong said. "However, you're now only a hair's breadth away from breaking through to Blood Transformation Tier, so I'll tell you the key points of breaking through to Blood Transformation Tier."

Ling Han instantly became solemn, and even straightened his back slightly. Previously, he had been a little distracted.

The corner of Lian Xuerong's mouth twitched, and she felt an urge to pummel Ling Han.

Though she had never hoped that others would focus on her beauty, to ignore her like Ling Han did still made her very displeased.

"The Blood Transformation Tier, as the name suggests, means to change all the blood in one's body. Every time it's completely changed, it'll be a complete minor level cultivation level." Lian Xuerong began to talk about it.

"Don't think that this is very easy. Blood change is only a superficial effect. What has really changed is the level of being."

"This kind of change can be said to be earth-shattering, and requires a huge expenditure of vitality."

"So, if you attempt to break through to the Blood Transformation Tier without any preparations, that would only expend your own life force. Even if you succeed, it would consume a lot of internal energy, making you look strong on the outside but weak on the inside, and severely decreasing your lifespan."

Ling Han nodded. Sun Jianfang was an extremely good example of a negative example. Because he didn't know what cultivation level there was after Meridian Opening Tier, and what he should do, he relied on his own exploration to advance into the Blood Transformation Tier cultivation level, but the price was very heavy, sacrificing more than twenty years of his lifespan.

In the end, though he had made up for that expense a great deal, and it was better than nothing, what was lost was ultimately lost.

"Then what preparations do we need to make?" Ling Han asked.

"Treasured Fruit that contains vitality," Lian Xuerong said. "You can't use alchemical pills, because alchemical pills actually stimulate one's life potential. If one ingests too many, it'll be detrimental and not beneficial."

"However, the Treasured Fruit is different. It's nurtured by heaven and earth, and doesn't have the slightest side effect."

"As for quantity, the more the better."

Lian Xuerong paused for a moment, then said, "Each person needs a different amount of life force to break through to Blood Transformation Tier. Generally speaking, the stronger you are, the more life force you need."

Ling Han sighed. Needless to say, he definitely needed a lot of treasured medicines.

"For example, when I attempted to break through to Blood Transformation Tier, I only used one Treasured Fruit," Lian Xuerong said. "According to my calculations, you need at least three."

Would three be enough?

Ling Han decided to prepare five Treasured Fruits before starting to break through to the Blood Transformation Tier. Otherwise, it was possible that his life force would be completely drained.

"As for the specific fruits that contain vitality, you can search for them yourself," Lian Xuerong said. She waved her hand, indicating that Ling Han could leave.

Ling Han was just about to leave, yet he suddenly stopped in his tracks and asked, "Banner Lord, do you have any clues on that Demonic Beast?"

"There's some progress, and we're currently investigating." Lian Xuerong nodded.

"All right." Ling Han turned around and left. If the mastermind behind that Demonic Beast was found out, he would definitely not be reserved.

After returning to his residence, Ling Han used the optical computer to search for Treasured Fruits that were rich in vitality. There were many of them, but added with the condition of Blood Transformation Tier, there were actually only a few.

White Mist Fruit, Tiger Wolf Fruit, Phoenix King Jade Fruit, Immortal Water Lotus seeds, Blood Vine Roots. En, not only fruits, but also roots. Aside from that, ginseng which was extremely nutritious naturally had amazing effects as well, but the age requirement for ginseng was higher.

Five hundred years was fine, but a thousand years was even better.

What kind of joke was this? Before the upheavals of heaven and earth, wild ginsengs were practically non-existent. By now, at most, over a hundred and twenty years had already passed, so how could there be five-hundred-year-old ginsengs?

Of course, it wasn't impossible. That was, after the upheaval of heaven and earth, some areas would emerge from the ground. If ginsengs grew there, it might not be just five hundred years, a thousand years, or perhaps even two thousand or three thousand years.

"There's no lack of buyers but no sellers." Ling Han quickly shook his head, because these Treasured Fruits all grew in extremely dangerous places, just like the Amazing Cloud Fruit. The difficulty level of obtaining them was extremely high.

"However, even if there is no seller, I have to get hold of them!"

Ling Han made his decision. After he earned enough money, he would set out to find the Treasured Fruit.

With his luck, he believed that the chances of finding Treasured Fruit were not low.

En, then he should hurry up and concoct alchemical pills.

Ling Han went into a frenzy, and concocted alchemical pills with all his might.

Five days later, Ling Han did some calculations. If he sold all these Everlasting Youth Pills, he would be able to set up the rich man's formation about five times.

Fine, he was not going to concoct any more.