Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3208 Tang Hai's Murder

Aside from concocting alchemical pills, Ling Han did not forget to explore the fourth Hidden Meridian. In fact, he even multitasked while concocting alchemical pills. As he concocted alchemical pills, he continued to explore his meridians. It could not be helped. The Alchemy Emperor could be so willful.

Hard work paid off. Ten days later, Ling Han successfully found the fourth Hidden Meridian. After opening it in the morning, with the help of the rich man's formation, it was widened to the extreme in a single go.

"My current strength is about 150,000kg."

"If the eight Hidden Meridians are completely unblocked, my power can probably reach 250,000 or even 300,000kg."

"If that's the case, I'll be unafraid even if a First Change Blood Transformation Tier erupts with boiling blood and Qi."

"However, 100,000 kilograms is only the starting point for a First Change. If one cultivates to the extreme, he might have 200,000 kilograms of strength. Then, even if it just a burst of double his usual strength, it would still be as high as 400,000 kilograms, which still surpasses my limit."

"After all, there is still a gap of a major tier in cultivation level."

"The only disadvantage now is that I don't have a single Spatial Tool."

Ling Han sighed. He already had 120,000 jade seeds in his hands, which were stored in a massive sack. Although the weight wasn't a problem, walking around with this thing on his back always gave him a strong feeling of dissonance.

"However, I have to move as soon as possible. Otherwise, I will unknowingly reach the peak stage of Blood Transformation Tier."

Ling Han asked for leave from Lian Xuerong. He was going to Thousand Lotus Mountains again.

Thousand Lotus Flowers was a holy land for harvesting herbs. However, normal people could only go to a limited number of mountain peaks, and most mountain peaks were suppressed by formations, so they couldn't go up at all.

Ling Han had the confidence to go, because he was already quite accomplished in formations. Furthermore, he still had that purple pendant.

—Li Changdan, thank you very much.

Lian Xuerong happily approved Ling Han's leave. In her eyes, Ling Han was definitely no ordinary character and would reach extraordinary heights in future. How could a mere Xuanqing Banner accommodate such a great character?

However, Ling Han hadn't even begun to move, when he received a piece of news.

Tang Hai had disappeared. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

He was not Ling Han, and usually stayed in the army camp all year round. Now that he had suddenly disappeared, it naturally caused a great commotion.

Had he chosen to become a deserter and flee?

That was impossible. Being able to enter into the Four Great Banners was a kind of honour, and the benefits were extremely high. Moreover, if he really did not want to continue his job, it was also possible to retire from the army which was allowed by the Four Great Banners. What need was there for him to bear the infamy and sacrifice the benefits that he would receive in future to become a shameful deserter?

Then… could it be that he had been kidnapped?

Tang Hai was a Twelve Meridians. To be able to abduct him from the encampment without anyone noticing, just how powerful would he have to be?

The culprit would have to be Blood Transformation Tier, at least, and it was even possible that they were a Second Change, Third Change or even Fourth Change in fact. That was because there was a Third Change elite overseeing the base. Wasn't this villain afraid that he would coincidentally encounter Lian Xuerong?

Ling Han pondered for a moment. Could this be related to the force behind the Demonic Beast?

Otherwise, he could not think of any other possibility.

However, this force was really bold, daring to sneak into the Xuanqing Banner and abduct people in public.

Two days later, Tang Hai appeared. He was discovered in the river, and he was already a corpse.

When Tang Hai was alive, he must have suffered severe torture, because his body was covered with injuries. His ten fingers were all broken, one after another. His left foot was broken at the ankle, and his whole right leg was gone.

Only his face had not been damaged, but his ears had been sliced off.

This kind of tragic state was unbearable to look at.

When Tang Hai's corpse was brought back to the camp, not only were the members of Team Seven furious, but even the entire camp was going crazy.

Who would be so deranged?

When the news spread out, Dihuang Banner, Tianhuo Banner and Yunmo Banner's warriors were also filled with righteous indignation.

Though they had always been competing, it could not change the fact that they were comrades-in-arms!

If Tang Hai had died on the battlefield, they would have had nothing to say. However, it was clear that Tang Hai had been tortured to death. Who wouldn't be furious?

The emotions of the warriors from the four Banners were incomparably boiling. All of them were restless, wanting nothing more than for the culprit to immediately appear in front of them. They would use the cruelest method to kill him.

The whole city was under martial law, but the problem was, an existence that could kidnap people so easily had to be a Blood Transformation Tier elite, at least. If he really wanted to hide, how could a Meridian Opening Tier elite be able to discover him?

And how many Blood Transformation Tier elites and Extreme Bone Tier elites were there in the city?

This kind of martial law, in the eyes of a Blood Transformation Tier elite, was actually useless.

Ling Han felt a strong yearning for strength. If he was still a Heavenly Venerate, he would only have to spread out his divine sense, and he would definitely be able to find the culprit.

But now, he shook his head.

He was going to the Thousand Lotus Mountains to find the Treasured Fruit and prepare to break through to the Blood Transformation Tier.

Ling Han quietly set off. He didn't know if anyone was watching him, but it wasn't wrong to be careful.

He bought a car. After so many days, he had also learnt how to drive. With his talent, this was naturally no big deal.

Now that he had a car, the things he wanted to bring could be placed inside the car, and he did not have to carry them on his back, as if he was a thief that had just completed a major job.

At first, he was a little nervous and excited, but as he drove for over 200km, he calmed down.

The road was very bumpy, and uneven. Because there were frequent earthquakes, it was impossible to repair the road at all. It was already very good that it could be built.

However, because Ling Han was a rookie, he had only been driving for five days, when he had already crashed the car due to severe wear and tear.

He had just learnt how to drive, so how could he know how to repair a car? He could only push the car to the side of the "road", then carry his luggage on his back, and continue his journey.

After walking for only a day, Ling Han finally stopped and found a secluded place to set up the rich man's formation.

He sensed the fifth Hidden Meridian!

Half a day later, this meridian had already been opened to the extreme.

Very good, he was still short of three.

Ling Han continued to advance. Another five days later, he returned to Thousand Lotus Mountains.

"According to the information, there is a Phoenix King Tree on the Embracing Peak, and it has already bore fruit a dozen over years ago. One tree can bear seven or eight fruits, and with the tree's lifespan, this treasured tree will bear fruit every year for at least the next hundred years."

"If I can harvest all of them, then not only would I be able to break through to Blood Transformation Tier, I would also be able to obtain the Treasured Fruits that I would need in the future when I attempt to break through to Second Change."

"En, but I don't know if the Treasured Fruit can be stored for too long."

The path in the mountains was not easy to travel. Three days later, Ling Han finally arrived at the Embracing Peak.

"There are formations suppressing me here. The closer I am to the summit, the more powerful the suppression would be."

"It is said that this Phoenix King Tree was discovered by a Formation Master, but he only saw it from afar, and could not approach."

Ling Han was slightly curious. Why were there formations and restrictions on these mountains?

Did the people of the civilization of the last era have nothing better to do?

Furthermore, how had this civilization suddenly disappeared without a trace?

"Previously, I didn't interact much with Brother Monkey. After cultivating Spiritual Power, when I think back again, I realize Brother Monkey's strength is practically unfathomable!"

"Yi, Brother Monkey being suppressed, could it be related to the civilization of the last era?"

"Otherwise, in a small place like the Ancient Dao Sect, what existence could suppress Brother Monkey?"