Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3209 Treasure Tree in sight

Ling Han set aside his random thoughts and began to observe the formation on this mountain.

The great formation was incomplete.

Ling Han nodded. The heaven and earth had changed drastically. Some mountains originally only had ten peaks, yet suddenly, another dozen to twenty peaks appeared. The changes were extremely intense. Then, since these mountains had risen from the ground, with such a great commotion, how could there be no change to the formations attached to them?

Thus, some parts of the formations had been damaged, and their might had weakened. Otherwise, if it was not a Grandmaster of formations, it was probably impossible for anyone to step in.

Ling Han didn't act rashly. He put his luggage aside and focused on pondering.

He sat there for two days. He was awakened by a strong feeling of hunger.

Ling Han ate some rations and water, and was no longer particular now. Then, he continued to focus on the study of formations.

Another half day later, he revealed a smile. Then, he picked up his baggage and strode up the mountain.

"Left… right… three steps diagonally right…" he mumbled to himself, his feet moving quickly, but all of a sudden, fthe spot underneath his feet lit up. Peng, his whole person flew away with his luggage in tow.

He fell heavily onto the ground, and gritted his teeth.

"I deduced wrongly?"

"Oh, so it's here."

Ling Han nodded. Thankfully, he had brought the pendant with unknown origins, which greatly suppressed the might of the formations. Otherwise, that attack just now would definitely have caused him a lot of trouble.

After walking for another stretch of distance, Ling Han finally stopped.

"If my deduction is not wrong, there should be a formation foundations below here." Ling Han dug three feet into the ground, and indeed discovered a rock. It was completely black, and it was covered densely with veined patterns.

"Hiss, this is much more complicated than high level formation patterns."

"Could it be extremely effective formation patterns?"

Ling Han couldn't be certain, because he hadn't seen extremely effective formation patterns before, so there was no way to compare them.

"As expected, the formation foundation is damaged." Ling Han observed carefully, but didn't dare to dig out the rock, because he felt that if he touched it rashly, the result would be him being blasted into smithereens.

On the rock, a portion of the formation patterns had been worn off, and there was another corner that even the rock was gone, so it was naturally even more impossible for formation patterns to exist.

"It's too complicated. Every seal is a combination of several formation patterns. There are Elementary Level, Middle Level, and even higher. Oh, so things can be done in this manner as well."

Ling Han sighed with emotion. He had almost mastered formations without a teacher, but now that he saw the masterpieces of formations from the previous civilization, he couldn't help but sigh with emotion. As it turned out, he couldn't even be considered a beginner.

"Though I can't possibly dismantle the formation patterns, I think that it should be no problem for me to turn off this corner of the formation."

He extended his Spiritual Power and wrapped it around the formation foundations, moving it between the various seals.

"Success!" His eyes lit up.

Ling Han walked casually, as if he was walking on flat ground. There was no chaotic light that sent him flying.

"It's just like how I don't need to know how the lights work if I want to turn them on or off. I only need to press the switch."

"However, if it wasn't for the fact that the formation foundations was damaged, I wouldn't have been qualified to touch it with my Spiritual Power at all." Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

'Should I activate this formation foundations again?'

"Forget it. I'll just wait until I come down from the mountain, lest I still have to walk so carefully."

He continued to advance, and after "turning off" one of the formation foundations, this massive formation didn't stop completely. Instead, it was just that some area had lost the formation's coverage.

"Are all large-scale formations like this?" Ling Han murmured. For formations like the one he had learnt, he could not lack any single formation foundations. In fact, he could not allow even a single seal to go wrong on the formation foundations, or the formation foundations would not be able to work.

He carefully advanced. The higher he went, the more powerful the formations were. Even if he had the purple pendant, he still didn't dare to be careless, because from here onwards, the formations' power was enough to severely injure or even kill a Blood Transformation Tier elite.

Thankfully, the purple pendant was really awesome, being able to suppress the might of formations, and added with the fact that Ling Han had already attained Middle Level in spiritual power, he was slowly figuring out a safe path.

Half a day later, he found another formation foundations and "turned it off".

Continue.

After another five hours, Ling Han once again located a formation foundations, but after digging it out, he discovered that lightning was actually entwined around the formation foundations, and his spiritual power couldn't touch it at all.

There was no way to turn it off, so Ling Han could only continue to explore his way forwards.

Ling Han's speed became slower and slower, but compared to others, his speed could already be considered astonishingly fast. The effects of the purple pendant were really too great.

After spending six days, Ling Han finally arrived at the waist of the mountain.

The Phoenix King Tree was located here.

"It's there!" Ling Han's eyes lit up. A very strange tree had appeared in front of him. It was clearly a tree, but its shape was like a great bird that was about to spread its wings and soar into the skies.

There were eleven fruits growing on the tree. Five of them were already bright red, as big as a fist, while the other six were much smaller. They were still green in colour, and were only the size of walnuts.

It was exactly the same as what he had seen in the information. This was the Phoenix King Tree.

"There are actually eleven fruits!"

"However, there are only five that are about to ripen, and there are still six that are considerably far from ripening."

"There is still about 90 meters separating us, but the fragrance is already assailing my nostrils."

"It is fragrant, and my spirit is greatly revitalized!"

Ling Han didn't rush forward. From here onwards, it would be the true difficulty.

The surroundings of the Phoenix King Tree were filled with danger, and the slightest rash movement could take one's life.

It was very simple. This Treasured Tree was planted just like that, and it wouldn't run away so why didn't anyone pluck the Treasured Fruit?

"Next, even Extreme Bone Tier elites have to be careful. Otherwise, if they trigger the formations' attacks, they'll definitely die."

"I have to be even more careful."

He took out a large number of magnets from his bag. This had been prepared long ago, and he could no longer rely on mere deduction for this stretch of his journey.

Forging formation foundations required all kinds of different materials, but for deciphering formation foundations, the materials used were simple—magnets.

The greatest use of magnets was to disturb the energy of heaven and earth, and the principle of formations was to stimulate the energy of heaven and earth. Thus, magnets could be said to be the natural nemesis of formations.

Of course, it was definitely not something that could be solved by throwing a few magnets. Otherwise, there would be no need for formations to exist.

Magnet was only a material, after all.

Ling Han carved formation patterns on a magnet, and after a while, he threw it out.

Pa, a flash of lightning surged past, and this magnet immediately exploded into pieces.

"No, that's not right."

Ling Han picked up another magnet, and after inscribing new formation patterns on it, he threw it over again.

Pa, this time, a flame rose up and destroyed the magnet.

"That's not right either."

Ling Han was unhurried. Deciphering formations was a slow process in the first place, so how could he be in a hurry?

Relying on his own understanding, along with the formation patterns, he attempted to decipher and suppress the formation.

Slowly, he came up with an idea.

"That should be it," he murmured.

'Go!'

Ling Han moved, and threw out a magnet. However, it strangely floated in midair, and actually did not descend. Instead, its whole body was glowing.

"Magnetites can affect the power of heaven and earth to a limited extent, and added with the formation patterns I inscribed, I forcefully interfered with the formation patterns, preventing it from releasing its might. However, this can only last for half a minute, at most. My spiritual power is too weak, and the seals on the magnet will be erased very quickly."