Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3210 Plucking Fruits

Ling Han walked quickly, and as he walked, he continued to carve formation patterns on the magnet.

'F*ck!'

He threw out another magnet. With the stimulation of the formations, the magnet floated again, opening a passageway that was only safe for half a minute.

Go, go, go! He hurriedly advanced, and behind him, the power of the first magnet had already been completely worn away. With a 'pa', it could no longer disrupt the formations, and exploded into pieces.

Ling Han was still throwing magnets, but this time, he had made a miscalculation, or rather, the formations were too powerful.

Peng, a massive force assailed him, causing Ling Han's chest to boil from the impact, and he was almost sent flying to the side.

He hurriedly steadied his body. If he fell out of the path that had been created by magnets, he would be easily crushed to death by the great formation.

Thankfully, he had succeeded.

He didn't dare to stop. He had to continue creating the magnet barrier at the first instant to interfere with the formations. Otherwise, if he waited for the suppression effects from before, he would be done for.

Thus, deciphering formations was an extremely dangerous matter.

When the second magnet exploded into pieces, Ling Han threw out the third magnet in the nick of time, once again stabilizing the formation.

As one magnet after another was thrown out, Ling Han was also walking further and further away, getting closer and closer to that fruit tree.

Ten minutes later, Ling Han finally walked the short distance of 90 meters. He felt a cold chill on his back, and he was covered in cold sweat.

HIs whole journey had really been too dangerous. He had almost been consigned to eternal damnation.

It was good that he had made it.

He rested for a while, planning to harvest the fruits, and then return.

However, before he could stand up, a powerful pressure assaulted him, causing him to involuntarily feel suffocated. It was indescribably uncomfortable.

"Yi?"

Ling Han faltered. He seemed to hear a voice telling him that he couldn't harvest the fruits yet because they weren't fully ripened yet. This voice was very vague and weak, making him wonder if there was something wrong with his ears.

The pressure disappeared.

However, when Ling Han once again thought of plucking the fruits, this pressure came again. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

Ling Han couldn't help but wear a strange expression. Could it be that this pressure came from the Phoenix King Tree? The person who had spoken to him just now was also this old tree?

This tree was really very old. Though it was not very tall, the bark of the tree revealed it to be several hundred years old.

Had it gained intelligence?

Since that was the case, he would just wait a few days. In any case, there were no formations underneath the great tree. As long as he did not walk out of this area, it was extremely safe.

Cultivating.

Ling Han went to sense the sixth Hidden Meridian. He had been working hard these few days, but as more and more Hidden Meridian were opened, even a freak like him could not complete the breakthrough in two to three days again.

One day, two days, three days, Ling Han was still unable to grasp the sixth Hidden Meridian. However, he wasn't anxious. This wasn't something that could be accomplished overnight, and as a supreme elite, he clearly knew that once his mind was in a mess, he wouldn't be able to do anything.

Another three days passed, and when the sun rose, Ling Han's body trembled slightly. There was already a hole in the sixth Hidden Meridian.

Everything was difficult at the beginning. After opening a hole in his meridian, the next step was simple.

Half an hour later, the sixth Hidden Meridian was completely unblocked.

He still could not harvest the fruits?

Then set up the formation.

Ling Han set up the rich man's formation. It occupied a very small area, and after he stimulated the formation, he continued to cultivate.

Ceng, ceng, ceng, his cultivation level increased rapidly.

Half a day later, Ling Han's sixth Hidden Meridian had already expanded to the extreme.

Should he continue to explore the seventh Hidden Meridian?

It seemed like he had to do this. Since he couldn't harvest the fruits, what else could he do?

Hold on.

When the fruits had ripened, who would come to remind him?

Ling Han immediately thought of plucking the fruits again. This time, there was no more pressure assaulting him.

'It was ready?'

He climbed up the tree, and successfully harvested a bright red fruit. Then, another, and another. The five red fruits had all fallen into his pocket.

"Where are those small green fruits?"

Peng!

He had just finished this thought, when he was shaken off the tree trunk.

Did he have to wait until these unripe fruits ripened?

Ling Han thought for a moment, then shook his head. These few days, he had watched the growth of those small green fruits. Going by his deductions, it would probably take at least half a year for these small green fruits to ripen.

It would take too long.

He'll leave. Worse come to worst, he could come back half a year later. In any case, even when this fruit was ripe, they could stay on the branch for a very long time.

Five fruits should be enough to allow him to advance into the First Change without damaging his body.

Return.

He still used the magnets to open the path. Because he had already travelled this path once, this time, practice made perfect, and it was naturally a piece of cake.

Hmm?

Ling Han arrived at the foot of the mountain. Before he had completely walked out of the formations, he saw a man sitting cross-legged on a rock ahead of him. It was unknown how long he had been sitting there, as if he had fused with the rock, and it did not feel out of sorts at all.

An elite!

Ling Han immediately thought. It was as if there was a primitive beast hidden in this person's body, and the pressure he felt was even more terrifying than what he felt from Lian Xuerong.

Fourth Change, or even a Fifth Change.

Ling Han stopped in his tracks. The place where he and the other were standing was the area affected by the second formation foundation that he had "turned off". Because it had been switched off, this place naturally became safe.

He couldn't help but wear a strange expression. If he suddenly "turned on" the formation foundations, would the other party be insta-killed?

That was really possible.

"You have finally appeared!" This man stretched lazily, "You have really made me wait for a long time."

"Oh, then I'm truly sorry." Ling Han nodded, and said with a smile, "Sir, why have you sought me out?"

"There should be something in your hands that does not belong to you. Return it to me now," the man said. He crossed one leg over the other, appearing completely nonchalant.

Indeed, he was only a mere Twelve Meridians. Even if he unlocked the Hidden Meridians, so what? He was a Fifth Change Blood Transformation Tier, and could insta-kill even a Third Change.

"Oh, is it this thing?" Ling Han took out that blood-coloured crystal.

"That's right," the man said with a smile. It was as if a heavy burden had been lifted from his shoulders. "Now, toss it over!"

He wagged his finger, "Don't even think of escaping. You need at least three seconds to carve the magnet, and this time would be enough for me to kill you a few times over."

—He thought that Ling Han had used a magnet here.

Ling Han readily accepted, and said, "All right, I won't run."

"Now you're obedient." The man nodded, "Seeing as you're so cooperative, I'll let you die a quick death."

"You're not going to spare my life?" Ling Han asked with a smile.

This brat's reaction was a little strange.

However… what did it matter?

The man bared his teeth in a grin, "You know too much, so how can I allow you to live? Moreover, even if you return to Huju City, it would only be a matter of living a few more days, and you would still have to die!"

What did the last few words mean?

Ling Han shook his head and said, "You insist on killing me? Then I'm sorry, but I'm not going to surrender."

"Is this up to you?" The man stood up, and took a step forward. However, right at this moment, peng, a terrifying bolt of lightning streaked past, striking towards him.

F***, what was going on here?