Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3211 Poor foot soldier

The man hurriedly dodged, but after taking one step, hong, another fiery flame assailed, its might still extremely terrifying.

There was nothing else he could do; he could only press his palm down.

Peng!

The power of these fiery flames was extremely strong. Under the clash, he couldn't help but stumble, and fall to the side again.

In other places, it was naturally very normal for one's body to sway from the impact of this exchange, and there was no danger to it.

But here?

Peng! Peng! Peng!

All of a sudden, ice shot forwards like swords, lightning intertwined, raging flames surged, golden light flickered, and so on and so forth. It was as if all the strange phenomena of nature had been concentrated in such a small area.

That man was very hurt. As he screamed, he continued to resist, looking incredibly disheveled.

Finally, he stepped into a safe place, yet did not dare to move the slightest bit.

He panted heavily. In just a dozen over seconds, half of his hair had been burnt, while his left ear had been frozen. The clothes on his right arm were torn and tattered, and traces of blood could be seen. There was also a hole in his abdomen, and it was almost pierced through.

The man's expression was filled with disbelief. He had just taken a step, and due to a chain reaction, he had been severely injured, and almost died?

What was going on here?

Ling Han smiled faintly, and said, "Looks like if you want to kill me, it won't be so easy."

Just now, he had used Spiritual Power to "turn on" the formation foundations underground — speaking of which, the benefits of Spiritual Power lay here. It could not be seen, nor could it be heard. It could only be resisted by Spiritual Power as well.

Thus, the man didn't realize at all that the formations in the area he was in had already been activated again by Ling Han. However, it was extremely coincidental that the place he had been standing just now just happened to be a safe area, so the formations didn't unleash its might.

But when he moved afterwards… hoho.

"Hu, hu!" The man panted heavily, his eyes fixed on Ling Han. There was an indescribable shock on his face, "Why did the formations here suddenly activate?"

Ling Han spread his hands, "I probably 'accidentally' touched some kind of trigger."

Accidentally? Accidentally your sister!

At first, the man had thought that it was because it was too old, and the damage was too great, that the formations in this area could not take effect, but now that he thought about it, Ling Han should have turned off the formations previously, and laid a trap for him.

Hiss, did this brat know that he was tracking him?

What deep shrewdness.

He had wrongly accused Ling Han of this, because Ling Han's original intention was only to make it more convenient for him to descend the mountain.

The man looked left and right, but under the condition that the formations weren't triggered, everything was no different from a normal environment. How could he tell? Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

"I've really underestimated you!" the man said coldly.

Ling Han withdrew his smile, "Tell me, who sent you here?"

"Haha, are you interrogating me?" The man laughed loudly, his face filled with mockery, "A mere Meridian Opening Tier martial artist, so what if you have opened the Hidden Meridians? Under the crushing power of my Fifth Change, you would only be trash."

"Under normal circumstances, that is indeed the case." Ling Han nodded. To be honest, it was indeed impossible for him to be a match for a Fifth Change. The gap was too wide. "However, you are presently trapped in the formation, so how much battle prowess can you unleash?"

The man was rendered speechless. At present, he was completely trapped, and did not dare move the slightest bit. No matter how strong his battle prowess was, would he be able to use it?

Now, the initiative was in Ling Han's hands.

"All right, I can spare you for the moment. How about you deactivate the formations?" the man said.

Ling Han laughed loudly, and said, "First, show your sincerity."

"What sincerity?" the man asked.

"For example, what's your name? You know my name, but I don't know yours. Isn't that a little rude?" Ling Han asked with a smile.

"Indeed, this is very impolite." The man nodded. He was obviously filled with so much hatred that he wanted to commit murder, but he could not help but smile, "My name is Zha De Yuan."

"Oh, Brother Zha." Ling Han clasped his hands in greeting.

Brother Zha?

Zha Deyuan really wanted to slap Ling Han's face. Did he know that there was a gap of a major tier between the two of them? That was an absolute one-sided suppression. One had to maintain absolute respect, and Ling Han should call him "Lord" or "Senior".

Brother Zha? F***.

However, not only was Zha Deyuan not enraged, but he even smiled and said, "Now, can you also show some sincerity?"

Ling Han smiled faintly, and continued to ask, "Tang Hai… were you the one who kidnapped him?"

A Fifth Change elite had barged into the Xuanqing Banner, so he naturally could avoid Lian Xuerong. He could then capture Tang Hai without anyone noticing.

Zha Deyuan remained silent. After a while, he said, "That's right. I was the one who kidnapped him."

"Why are you doing this?" Ling Han asked again.

"You're asking a question that you already know the answer to. Of course, it's for the sake of that Blood Divine Crystal in your hand."

"Oh!" Ling Han tossed the blood-red crystal in his hand, and said, "Then who sent you?"

"What makes you think that I'm working for someone?" Zha Deyuan asked.

Ling Han shook his head, and said, "Being able to nurture a Demonic Beast like that and have three Twelve Meridians guarding it… Moreover, those three Twelve Meridians are much stronger than their peers. It's definitely not something that a Fifth Change like you can do."

"Thus, you are only a foot soldier that is working for someone else."

Zha Deyuan's face had turned slightly green from the provocation of the words "foot soldier". However, Ling Han had not been wrong. He was indeed just a servant. In fact, he was just the servant of a servant. He did not know who his greatest backer was either.

"Young man, there are some things that are too dangerous for you. If you know too much, you will only die faster," Zha Deyuan said, an expression of disdain on his face.

Though his understanding of the organization that he was working for was only the tip of the iceberg, that little bit of understanding also allowed him to know that it was definitely a colossal existence.

Ling Han observed his expression carefully, and suddenly said, "I'm afraid that you don't know who the real boss is either, right?"

This!

Zha Deyuan's expression immediately changed, and he shouted, "Who said I don't know? I just don't want to tell you!"

He was a very prideful person. As a dignified elite of Fifth Change, he did not even know who was the boss that he was working for. Wasn't this incredibly embarrassing?

Since this guy didn't know, there was no need to waste time.

"Previously, you said, what would happen to Huju City?" Ling Han changed the topic.

Yet Zha Deyuan was not willing to let it go just like that. He emphasized, "Of course I know who my boss is, but I definitely won't tell you!"

This could be considered a knot in his heart. Actually, he had always wanted to know who he was actually working for, and now with Ling Han's provocation, it finally exploded.

Ling Han chuckled, and said, "Alright, alright, alright. I trust you. Be good, stop playing around, and let's get down to business."

'Do you think I'm a three-year-old child?'

Zha Deyuan humphed and said, "I've already shown enough sincerity. What about you?"

Ling Han laughed loudly, "You didn't say anything that you should have said. You really know how to avoid the main issue and focus on the minor issue."

"Humph, then don't even think about finding out anything," Zha Deyuan said coldly.