Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3212 Beaten to burst

"All right. Since you have such a tough mouth, then I shall respect you for being a real man." Ling Han nodded.

"Aren't you going to turn off the formations?" Zha Deyuan called out.

Ling Han's eyes were sharp, "Since you admitted to killing Tang Hai, you still want me to let you live?"

"He's nothing but a mere Twelve Meridians!" Zha Deyuan's expression was filled with disdain. "So what if I killed him? Could it be that you want me to pay with my life?"

"A life for a life, that's right." Ling Han nodded.

Zha Deyuan sneered and said, "Junior, I tolerated you because I didn't want to pay a heavy price. Do you think this formation can truly trap me?" Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

"Your feet are attached to your own body, and you're not tied up either. If you want to leave, go ahead." Ling Han stretched out his hand, and made a gesture of sending off a guest.

Zha Deyuan gritted his teeth. If he could leave, he would have done so long ago. Would he still need to be "extorted" by Ling Han?

He softened his tone, and continued, "Junior, we can both take a step back. As long as you give the Blood Divine Crystal to me, and go into hiding from now onwards, I can treat you as a dead man, and never make trouble for you again, all right?"

"No." Ling Han shook his head.

"Junior, don't think that you've suffered a loss. The strength of our organization is far beyond your imagination. Even if I die, there will still be people coming to deal with you. You can block it with luck this time, but what about the future?" Zha Deyuan advised earnestly. He realized that his injuries were far more serious than he had estimated.

He couldn't drag this on any longer. Otherwise, just the blood loss alone would kill him.

"Even if you can block a Blood Transformation Tier elite, then what about an Extreme Bone Tier elite?" he emphasized again.

"As a captive, I have to admit that you are quite eloquent," Ling Han said with a smile.

Captive?

Which eye of yours saw that I have been captured by you?

"Junior, don't walk further and further down the wrong path!" Zha Deyuan threatened. He had lost his patience, and his injuries were becoming more and more serious. He felt as if everything in front of his eyes was swaying.

No, he definitely had to undergo treatment, but for the sake of convenience on the journey here, he had hidden his luggage in a cave at the foot of the mountain, which was half an hour's journey away from here.

Who would have thought that he would actually be forced into such a miserable state by a Meridian Opening Tier elite?

"At first, I thought I had caught a big fish, but in the end, it was just a small fry." Ling Han shook his head.

"Junior!" Zha Deyuan shouted harshly. He really couldn't hold on any longer.

"How does it feel to feel helpless?" Ling Han asked calmly. "When you tortured Tang Hai, Tang Hai should have felt the same. Now, it's up to you to taste it."

Zha Deyuan glared angrily at Ling Han. In his eyes, a Twelve Meridians was naturally no different from an ant, and now Ling Han was actually comparing him to Tang Hai, which made him very displeased.

"Junior, I'm going to kill you!" he shouted harshly. If Ling Han still didn't let him leave, he would kill Ling Han even if it meant he would die as well.

"Wrong, I'm the one who's going to kill you!"

Ling Han strode forwards. The path he took was very strange. At one moment, he would head right, and at the next, he would head left.

This was the path that led safely out of the formations.

Zha Deyuan was both shocked and delighted. This brat had actually walked out?

'Haha, are you here to seek death?'

Zha Deyuan smirked coldly. This brat must have thought that he was severely wounded, and his abilities had dropped drastically, so he wanted to kill him with his own hands. Firstly, this way, he would be able to get his revenge, and secondly, with his cultivation level of Meridian Opening Tier, to kill a Fifth Change Blood Transformation Tier, what kind of sense of accomplishment would that be?

Humph, although he was heavily injured, his battle prowess was still maintained at the level of First Change or even Second Change. It was more than enough to kill a Twelve Meridians.

He waited quietly. Once Ling Han walked into his attack range, he would immediately make his move.

One, two, three, kill!

He suddenly clawed out with his hand. Peng, the force superimposed, turning into the shape of a claw that was visible to the naked eye, emitting a sonic boom as he grabbed out at Ling Han.

Die.

Ling Han shot out a punch. Peng, a punch shot out, similarly compounded with layers of power, turning into a visible iron fist that blasted towards Zha Deyuan.

The power of the fist and claw collided, creating a loud bang and also triggering a backlash from the great formation. Boom, the power of lightning, sparks of fire, and ice surged chaotically.

Thankfully, the two of them were now in a safe area. As long as they did not leave this position, the attacks of the great formation would not land on them.

A stunned expression immediately appeared on Zha Deyuan's face. In this exchange of blows, he actually did not manage to get the upper hand.

Hiss, could it be that his injuries were so serious that he couldn't even defeat a Meridian Opening Tier elite?

Ling Han revealed a smile. After reaching the peak stage of Eighteen Meridians, his strength was about 250,000kg. Probably, an ordinary First Change peak stage would have this little bit of power.

"How is it?" he asked.

Zha Deyuan gritted his teeth. He had done a lot of research on Ling Han, and knew that he had unblocked several Hidden Meridians, and his abilities were far stronger than the average Meridian Opening Tier. However, the abilities that Ling Han displayed now were much stronger than the information he had investigated?

It hadn't even been a month, so how could this brat have opened a few more Hidden Meridians?

F***, this was too exaggerated, wasn't it?

Ling Han charged forward. Right now, he was already confident in his victory.

"Brat, you've gone too far!" Zha Deyuan roared in fury, feeling extremely sullen.

Just how powerful was his true strength? Originally, he would have been able to swat Ling Han to death with a single wave of his hand, but now, he was actually being bullied like a weakling. How could he not be furious?

"Die! Die! Die!" he roared, and used a martial arts technique. His battle prowess instantly soared. However, his injuries were extremely severe in the first place, and with this full-power attack, the wounds instantly opened up even more severely. Blood seemed to be squeezed out, spraying madly outwards.

"Do you think I'm afraid of you?" Ling Han said coldly. He used the Demonic Monkey Fists, and 15 layers of power stacked together as he launched a punch at Zha Deyuan.

Peng, peng, peng. The forces crashed into each other and blocked each other, but Zha Deyuan's strike only had nine overlapping layers of power. After the nine layers of power was expended, the remaining six layers of power overlapping Ling Han's blow was charging towards him, so how was he supposed to block it?

Each layer of power was as high as 250,000 kilograms. Under the bombardment of the six layers of power, he was directly blown up.

A dignified elite of the Fifth Change had died in an incredibly cowardly manner.

Ling Han stopped, and murmured, "Captain, you've gotten half of your revenge. I still haven't found the mastermind yet. In the future, when I become even stronger, I definitely won't let that person go unpunished."

He went to check on Zha Deyuan's corpse, not knowing if he had brought any tokens or whatnot with him. He would be able to obtain some clues about the force behind him.

Yi?

He was surprised, not because he had discovered some clue, but because Zha Deyuan's bones had actually shattered.

"This was caused by the power of my punch?" Ling Han was surprised. He knew that his current power had increased greatly. With fifteen layers of power stacked on top of each other, the might would definitely be incredibly powerful, but could it shatter the bones of a Fifth Change elite?

"This was caused by the last attack."

"Wherever the force hits, the bones would be shattered into dust, which would then spread outwards. The degree of destruction would become lighter and lighter, right until here, where the range of attack is about one foot."

"Crushed?"

"This is a little inconceivable."

"Thinking back carefully, that state does seem to be a little different."