Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3213 Unfortunate Assassin

Ling Han looked at a large rock beside him.'

There was no shortage of rocks in the mountains. As far as the eye could see, aside from trees, there were probably only rocks.

Peng, he shot out a punch, and similarly formed 15 overlapping layers of power, using his full strength.

The entire large rock crumbled, and the spot where he exerted force concaved, completely turning into rubble, about the size of a wash basin.

Ling Han looked at the rock on the ground, and a puzzled expression appeared on his face, "Though it has shattered, the part that has crumbled is basically about the size of a finger. It is completely on a different level from the degree of how the bones were crushed."

"Could it be that his bones are not as hard as rocks?"

"Impossible!"

Ling Han immediately shook his head. After reaching Fifth Change of Blood Transformation Tier, the strength of his physique should have reached an unimaginable level.

For example, if a Meridian Opening Tier elite was attacked by a spear, they would still need to throw a punch and send the bullet flying. If they encountered a large-caliber sniper rifle, it was a wonder whether they would even be able to parry in time. If they were hit, it was very likely that their arm would be shattered by the bullet.

It couldn't be helped. This was a problem with physique.

However, after reaching the Blood Transformation Tier, the toughness of physique would further increase. One could completely ignore the attacks of small-calibre firearms. At most, he could only protect his soft spots like eyes. Even if a he was hit by a bullet from a sniper rifle, it would only create a shallow bloody hole, at most.

—If that was not the case, how could the technological civilization from more than a hundred years ago have collapsed so easily?

After reaching the Blood Transformation Tier, a cultivator's physique, especially his bones, would definitely be sturdier than even rocks.

Thus, this was something that Ling Han couldn't figure out. He had clearly shattered the bones of a Fifth Change with a single punch, yet could only damage the rock to this extent?

"This rock is not harder than rocks in other places."

"Thus, the problem lies with me."

"Just now… how did I throw that punch?"

Once Ling Han's curiosity was piqued, he couldn't suppress it no matter what.

He stopped the formations, then found another rock to blast, searching for a familiar feeling.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

Multiple rocks exploded, but Ling Han was still unable to shatter them.

Hmm?

Ling Han suddenly felt a killing intent lock onto him, causing all the hairs on his body to stand on end.

His Spiritual Power had reached Middle Level, and his range of perception of danger was even wider.

Without any hesitation, he immediately activated the formations.

Shua, at this moment, he saw a figure leap over. There was a sword in his hand, drawing a brilliant line.

This was an assassin!

Ling Han immediately concluded that this was because this strike was meant to kill, unlike how Zha Deyuan had tried to capture him and snatch the Blood Divine Crystal.

Peng!

The formations had already been activated. Lightning, waves of fire, ice, and all kinds of other powers were unleashed chaotically. Then, the assassin was seen to be in a miserable state. His body was on fire, frozen over, and torn apart, just like how Zha Deyuan had been previously.

"Wu!" The assassin released a muffled groan, his figure stumbling. However, how could he walk around randomly in the formations? Instantly, it incited an even more terrifying attack from the formations.

Ling Han's neck followed the assassin's movements, going left, right, up, and down.

Finally, the assassin collapsed onto the ground. Pa, pa, pa. He did not move in the slightest even after being struck by seven to eight bolts of lightning. There was only a strong charred smell wafting over.

This, he couldn't have been beaten to death, right?

Ling Han walked over. He could sense that the life force of this assassin was already extremely weak.

He wasn't dead, but he wasn't far from death.

This assassin looked to be in his forties, and there was no cloth covering his face, concealing his appearance. However, he looked very ordinary, and belonged to the category that would be completely inconspicuous in a crowd.

However, it was this kind of person that was more suitable to become an assassin. Otherwise, how could one who was extremely outstanding in appearance succeed in his assassination?

"Pu… pu… pu…" The assassin's mouth was agape, as if he wanted to say something, but all that came out of his mouth was blood.

Ling Han nodded, and said, "I can understand your feelings. It was clearly just a job to kill a Meridian Opening Tier elite, so why did you die without even touching the hem of his clothes? When I think about it, this is indeed very unfair. Brother, I understand, I understand."

As he spoke, he patted the assassin's shoulder.

The assassin seemed to have been angered, and his eyes bulged. His legs straightened, and he died just like that.

"Yi, he died so quickly?" Ling Han stroked his chin, appearing very displeased.

He hadn't even interrogated him yet.

Forget it. These must be assassins from Hell. There was no need to ask. Previously, they had sent out two First Change assassins, and now, they had directly advanced the level of assassin to Fifth Change.

However, they were both at the Fifth Change, so why was this guy so weak?

Oh, right.

Ling Han nodded. The reason why this assassin had died so quickly was because he was an assassin.

Assassins were proficient in the art of killing. They were proficient in how to hide themselves, and then suddenly burst out with an extremely powerful attack to take someone's life.

As for defense?

Was there any need for it?

As long as he killed his target with a single strike, what was defense worth?

Thus, assassins would definitely have high attack power, low health, and low defense. Against something like formations… Uh, what was the use of high attack power? How would you "kill" formations? Instead, it was the poor health and low defense problem that was exposed, and they would die after being casually blasted a few times by formations.

"Your death was indeed quite unjust," Ling Han said again, patting the assassin's shoulder again.

The mountain winds blew past, yet it could not extinguish the resentment that this assassin was filled with. His eyes were still wide open, and he died with remaining grievances.

"We can't keep being on the back foot like this. We have to counterattack!" Ling Han said. Previously, though he had slapped Yan Jun, the latter clearly had not learnt his lesson.

This brat was quite wealthy, wasn't he? He had actually managed to hire a Fifth Change Blood Transformation Tier assassin.

Ling Han carried his luggage and descended the mountain.

This trip to the Thousand Lotus Mountains could be said to be very successful.

He had obtained the Phoenix King Fruit, and it was as many as five fruits at that. In fact, there were still six fruits that could be harvested in half a year's time. Additionally, with the help of the formations, he had dealt with two attempts to kill him. This was especially the case for the Hell Organization. This time, even an assassin of Fifth Change Blood Tranformation Tier had died. He was sure that for a very long time, the Hell Organization would not come to harrass him again.

What was more important was the force behind Zha Deyuan. The strength of this organization could possibly be extremely terrifying. Furthermore, Zha Deyuan had once let slip that even if he returned to Huju City, he would only be able to live for a few more days, and would not be able to escape death.

Did this mean that there were also people from their side that wanted to deal with him in the city?

Ling Han shook his head. They had already sent out an elite of Fifth Change Blood Transformation Tier, so the other party should not be so cautious, to even leave an elite to corner him in the city.

Wasn't that superfluous?

Then, did Zha Deyuan mean that something big would happen to Huju City itself? Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

But this was a large city of Dark North Nation, and there was no shortage of Extreme Bone Tier elites in the city, so what great change could happen?

He would go back first, and inform Lian Xuerong of the news, so it would become her problem to ponder over.

Ling Han arrived at a small town nearby and hired a car and driver. This time, he didn't drive his own car anymore, and set out towards Huju City.

He did not speak along the way, and safely returned to Huju City.

He first went to Mercy Medicine Hall. However, just as he entered, he saw Huan Xue pounce over, hugging his thigh and wailing. "Young Master, Huan Xue doesn't want to get married!"