Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3214 Certification as an Alchemist

Ling Han couldn't help but laugh in spite of himself, and said, "There's no rush to get married. Let me put down my luggage first."

"S-sorry, Young Master." Huan Xue hurriedly got up and wiped her eyes, looking very aggrieved.

"What is it?" Ling Han asked.

"Wuwuwu, someone wants to take Huan Xue as a concubine, but Huan Xue Xue isn't willing." The little female attendant started to cry again.

A cold glint flashed across Ling Han's eyes, "Who is it?"

"I think he's called, Hu Qiu," the little female attendant said, racking her brains.

Ling Han couldn't help but be rendered speechless. 'He wants to take you as their concubine, yet you don't even remember his name?'

"Forget it, I'll go and ask Mo Guohao about it."

He found Mo Guohao and asked him about the situation.

Mo Guohao was very clear, and recounted the whole story to Ling Han.

Some time ago, Huan Xue had successfully attained Elementary Level spiritual power, and was accidentally discovered by Mo Guohao. Then, Mo Guohao was very excited, and took the initiative to teach Huan Xue how to concoct alchemical pills.

—There were really too few people that possessed Spiritual Power, what more when they had to attain Elementary Level?

Thus, Mo Guohao naturally felt as if he had found a precious treasure.

However, for some reason, a member of one of the six major clans, Hu Qiu, came here and even came upon Huan Xue—not Hu Qiu, but Hu Qiu[1].

A Nine Meridians that was only eighteen or nineteen years old, and had even cultivated Elementary Level Spiritual Power, a future alchemist, and one that was actually very beautiful. Hu Qiu couldn't take his eyes off this kind of woman after seeing her.

Marrying her back into the clan would definitely be a great profit.

Thus, he didn't care that he had already taken seven concubines. He immediately expressed that he wanted to take Huan Xue as his eighth concubine.

If it weren't for the Mercy Medicine Hall, Hu Qiu would probably have already sent people to snatch Huan Xue back.

However, it wasn't that nothing could be done at all. After all, she couldn't stay at Mercy Medicine Hall forever, right?

"Hehe, how lawless," Ling Han said coldly. The Hu Clan is only a Blood Transformation Tier-level force, and they actually dared to use the method of forced marriage?

He really wanted to see if Hu Qiu would really dare to kidnap her.

"Thank you." Ling Han nodded. Mo Guohao had kept his promise with him, and had been taking care of his little female attendant on his behalf.

Mo Guohao also nodded. To him, this was only a small matter. It was profitable without any expense, so he naturally did not mind gifting a favor to Ling Han.

"I want to learn some more pill recipes," Ling Han said.

Mo Guohao's eyes lit up. Ling Han had learnt the Meridian Exploration Pill and the Mystical Power Pill, and the result was that he soon came up with an improved version. If he learnt another new one now, wouldn't he again be able to improve greatly the overall standards of alchemy?

"Young friend, feel free to choose." Mo Guohao took out the optical computer and showed Ling Han the pill recipes he had in his collection.

Ling Han had seen it before, but didn't check out those of Blood Transformation Tier-level, because he didn't need it at the time, but now, alchemical pills of Meridian Opening Tier should have no effect on him.

He swept an eye over them, and discovered that there were only three types of pill recipes for Blood Transformation Tier, and they were the "Qi Return Pill" that could recover mystical power, the "Hundred Neutralization Pill" that could cure strong poison, and the "Berserk Pill" that boiled blood and Qi.

The effects of the Return Qi Pill was the most common. This was because there were times when one's power was exhausted. If one battled to the point of exhaustion, no matter how high one's cultivation level was, or how strong one was, it would be useless. The Return Qi Pill could replenish mystical power, and was quite practical in battle.

The Hundred Neutralization Pill's name was too exaggerated. In truth, it could only neutralize about 37 types of deadly poison.

Berserk Pills could only be used in desperate situations, because this could boil one's blood and Qi for a second time, but the consequences were very serious. It was possible to be injured, crippled, or even killed. Thus, unless it was a desperate situation, no Blood Transformation Tier would take it.

Ling Han thought for a moment, and memorized all three pill recipes. For the Alchemy Emperor, this was no big deal.

"Is there nothing like the Mystical Power Pill and the Meridian Exploration Pill that can speed up the cultivation of mystical power and increase the success rate of advancement?" Ling Han asked.

Mo Guohao shook his head, "Though I know the pill recipes and know how to concoct them, the Alchemist Society has strict rules. The pill recipes definitely cannot be taught to outsiders, or both you and I would be in deep trouble."

"In other words, if I want to obtain the pill recipe, I can only join the Alchemist Society?" Ling Han asked.

"En." Mo Guo Hao nodded earnestly.

Ling Han thought for a moment, then said, "All right, then let's go and take a look at the Alchemist Society."

He didn't mind stunning the masses and taking in a large number of lackeys.

"No time like the present, so right now?" Mo Guohao looked towards Ling Han.

"Alright."

The two of them went out. With Mo Guohao's standing and status, he naturally had his own private car and driver. Very soon, the two of them arrived at the Alchemist Society.

Mo Guohao was a Middle Level alchemist. He brought Ling Han in, and no one dared to stop him. Instead, they had to pay their respects.

"Make some arrangements. This young friend wants to be certified as an alchemist," Mo Guohao said. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"Yes."

It wasn't long before three Elementary Level alchemists arrived.

"Greetings, Lord Mo!" The three Elementary Level alchemists paid their respects to Mo Guohao.

Mo Guohao was a Middle Level alchemist, and recently, he had made an outstanding contribution to the field of alchemy, which naturally made them extremely reverent.

"Name," an Elementary Level alchemist called Ling Han.

"Ling Han," Ling Han said casually.

"Yi, it can't be that Ling Han, right?" The second Elementary Level alchemist exclaimed in shock, "Ling Han who defeated Tuoba Tianhuang?"

Originally, alchemists would not, and disdained from, interfering in matters of cultivation, but Tuoba Tianhuang was really too famous. Not only was he well-known in the world of cultivation, he was also quite popular in the world of alchemy and formations.

Thanks to Tuoba Tianhuang, Ling Han's name also spread in the field of alchemy and formations.

"It's him, I've seen the photo," the third Elementary Level alchemist, said.

The three of them were all surprised. They had not thought that the person with the greatest potential in the cultivation world would actually come to be certified as an alchemist.

"What alchemical pill do you want to concoct?" the first alchemist asked.

"The Meridian Exploration Pill," Ling Han said very casually.

"Then, prepare the ingredients, and begin."

To be certified as an Elementary Level Alchemist, one would have to prepare their own ingredients. Only after becoming an Elementary Level Alchemist, they could then continue to be certified as a Middle Level Alchemist, and High Level Alchemist, and only then would the Alchemist Society be providing them ingredients.

Otherwise, if anyone came to authenticate as an Elementary Level alchemist, the Alchemist Society would have to provide the ingredients, even the rich and imposing Alchemist Society would not be able to afford such extravagance.

Ling Han set up formations and began to concoct alchemical pills. After throwing down a set of ingredients, he thought that since he had nothing to do, he might as well concoct a few more cauldrons. In any case, the alchemical pills he concocted were his, so he would just treat it as earning some extra income.

Thus, he threw another set of ingredients into the formations.

Pu!

The three Elementary Level alchemists spluttered at the same time. What was going on?

You don't even know how many ingredients are needed to concoct a cauldron's worth of alchemical pills, and you still want to be certified as an alchemist?

What kind of joke was this?

However, this was only the beginning. Ling Han threw another portion of ingredients into the formation, and then another.

There were a total of four portions.

This?

Even Mo Guohao began to wipe away the cold sweat on his forehead. He naturally believed in Ling Han's alchemy abilities, but he couldn't play around like this, right?

Sigh, they could only come again in another few days.

Yi?

Why hadn't the cauldrons exploded yet?

Mo Guohao was astonished. Going by Ling Han's actions, the four portions of ingredients should have immediately turned into ash, so why was it still in a state of concoction?

[1] Huan Xue remembered his name with the wrong character.