Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3215 The youngest Middle Level Alchemist

Not only Mo Guohao, but the other three Elementary Level alchemists also gaped in shock.

F***, what had they seen?

One person, concocting four cauldrons of alchemical pills at the same time?

'How the f*ck are you controlling it?'

Multitasking?

F***, f***, f***!

They really could not believe what they were seeing. They felt that there must be something wrong with their eyes. Otherwise, their outlook on life and world would have been destroyed.

However, the scene that continued in front of them was a reminder that this was incredibly real.

In this manner, the four of them stared blankly for a whole two hours. Finally, they saw that Ling Han had successfully harvested "four cauldrons" of Meridian Pill Exploration Pills, a total of seventeen pills.

Only now did Mo Guohao know why Ling Han was able to supply so many alchemical pills in such a short period of time. It was not because he had reached a hundred percent success rate of pill concoction, nor was it because he was continuously concocting alchemical pills day and night, but rather because this guy could concoct four cauldrons of alchemical pills at a time.

What alchemist would not kneel down in submission upon seeing this? Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

"Concocting four cauldrons of alchemical pills at once, and every cauldron has succeeded."

"Furthermore, the lowest output is four!"

"In the case of Meridian Exploration Pills, only three to five could be concocted at a time."

"This monster!"

"Freak!"

"En, a monster!"

The three Elementary Level alchemists nodded in agreement with the adjective "monster". Since the ingredients were correct and the cauldrons didn't explode, the pills concocted would definitely be Meridian Exploration Pills. The problem was the quality of the completed pills.

In terms of results, Ling Han had successfully passed the test. He was already an Elementary Level alchemist.

"Today can be considered an eye-opener."

"If this was told to others, who would believe it?"

The three of them exchanged looks, and could see the negative answer in each other's eyes. If anyone told them that someone could concoct four cauldrons' worth of alchemical pills at once, and all of them had succeeded, they would definitely think that the other had gone mad.

"Do you need to examine it?" Ling Han asked with a smile.

"No need." The three Elementary Level alchemists shook their heads.

"All right then. I want to continue to be certified as a Middle Level Alchemist," Ling Han said. If he wanted to get Middle Level pill recipes from the Alchemist Society, he naturally had to become a Middle Level Alchemist first.

…Previously, he had seen Mo Guohao's three Middle Level pill recipes, and was already confident in himself.

"Ah?" Mo Guohao exclaimed in shock. He knew very well that Ling Han had just obtained Middle Level pill recipes.

Are you trying to defy the heavens?

The three Elementary Level alchemists were also stunned. They had never seen such a situation before. Someone had just been certified as a Elementary Level alchemist, and was immediately going to be certified as a Middle Level alchemist.

However, being certified as an alchemist was up to the individual, and they couldn't interfere.

"Wait a moment."

They were unable to host this kind of certification, and hurriedly went to ask other Middle Level alchemists for help.

In Huju City, there were only a total of nine Middle Level alchemists. As for Mo Guohao, because he was Ling Han's referral, he couldn't be a certification officer. Thus, he needed to find another three Middle Level alchemists.

Ling Han was relatively lucky, because Middle Level alchemists were extremely busy, studying pill recipes all day long. Usually, there would only be one or two on standby here, but today, as many as four of them had actually come.

When they heard that someone was going to be certified as a Middle Level Alchemist, the entire Alchemist Society was in an uproar, and they all came over to watch.

Ling Han chose to concoct the Hundred Neutralization Pill. Soon, the ingredients he needed were delivered, along with the corresponding formation foundations.

"Really?"

"He has just passed the certification of Elementary Level alchemist, and now he is aiming for Middle Level alchemist?"

"Does this guy think that he can come as he pleases?"

"Although we can be certified at any time, we only have one chance to use the ingredients for free every year. At other times, if we want to be certified, we have to prepare the ingredients ourselves."

"He is going to waste this opportunity just like that?"

"Sigh, I can only say that he is too young."

The spectators were all discussing in low voices, to avoid affecting Ling Han.

Ling Han set up a formation, and then stimulated it with his Spiritual Power. Instantly, the formations began to channel.

This kind of formations used jade seeds as their energy source, so there was no need to draw on the power of heaven and earth, but it was also very exhausting on the supply of jade seeds.

Ling Han didn't waste any time, immediately beginning to concoct alchemical pills.

A Middle Level alchemical pill?

It was no big deal.

Even though this was his first time refining this pill, he was still able to do so with ease and composure. This was far too simple.

As he nimbly manipulated the formations and changed the intensity of the energy, the medicinal ingredients were also inserted at just the right time. It was as if alchemy was just building a block of toy bricks, that was incredibly simple.

Time passed very quickly, and two hours were about to pass.

The cauldron had not exploded yet!

Regardless of how they felt before, they were all stunned by what they saw now.

Another Middle Level alchemist alchemist was going to appear, and this person hadn't even been an Elementary Level alchemist until two hours ago.

In fact, this guy was actually the number one in the younger generation of martial arts, and was below twenty years old!

Heavens, was there really such a prodigy in this world?

Though the young people were envious and jealous, the veteran alchemists felt rueful. In the past, how much time had they spent to reach Elementary Level and Middle Level?

There was no comparison.

Two hours passed, and they could see three alchemical pills floating in the center of the formations.

He had succeeded!

There was no need to examine the alchemical pills. Everyone was sure that it was the Berserk Pill of the Hundred Transformations Pill.

The tenth Middle Level alchemist in Huju City, Ling Han!

"Congratulations, Brother Ling!" Mo Guohao was the first to speak up. He had also changed the way he addressed Ling Han in time.

The relationship between alchemists was based on level, not age — in truth, this was also applicable in the field of martial arts and formations. As the saying went, there was no seniority in learning, and the capable would be the master.

"Congratulations, Brother Ling." The other three Middle Level alchemists also clasped their hands.

"Congratulations, Senior Ling!" Those Elementary Level alchemist were even more respectful. No matter how envious they were, they had to lower their heads now.

This was destined to go down in history, with such a young Middle Level alchemist.

Ling Han nodded, and said, "Don't announce anything about me."

"Yes." Everyone nodded, though they felt that it was a little strange.

"Can I look through pill recipes to my heart's content now?" Ling Han asked.

Everyone was dumbfounded. What was going on here?

He had finally advanced to become a Middle Level alchemist, so he should have proudly accepted everyone's admiration. Why did he suddenly want to read pill recipes?

When could pill recipes not be read? Why did they have to be read on such an important day?

However, Ling Han was determined, so what could the others do?

It wasn't long before Ling Han obtained almost all of the pill recipes of Middle Level. However, there were three pill recipes that were classified. One would need to make a significant contribution to the Alchemist Society, or reach a certain number of years in the Alchemist Society to be able to access them.

Of course, if one could advance further and become a High Level alchemist, there would be no restrictions. Middle Level pill recipes could definitely be freely browsed.

"High Level alchemist?"

"Let's see what conditions are needed to concoct High Level alchemical pills."

Ling Han took a look. Though an alchemist also needed spiritual power, the requirement was far inferior to the field of formations. Thus, as long as one could just barely reach Middle Level in terms of spiritual power, they would be able to concoct High Level alchemical pills.

"However, the Alchemist Society here only has two High Level alchemy recipes."

"One is the Notionless Pill, and the other is the Leaving Fire Pill."

"Concocting them… would not be difficult."