Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3216 Another Level

Ling Han examined them carefully, then simulated the scene of concocting them in his mind.

After only two times, he was sure that it was possible.

He ran out and found Mo Guohao, then said, "Help me apply. I want to be certified as a High Level Alchemist."

Mo Guohao was still wondering if Ling Han had modified some kind of Middle Level pill recipe. He was filled with excitement, wanting to witness this moment in history, but when Ling Han opened his mouth, he almost fell to his knees.

You still want to be certified as a High Level Alchemist?

Had he only looked at the pill recipes a few times?

Wasn't this taking things a little too far?

But when he thought of Ling Han's terrifying alchemy ability, concocting four cauldrons' worth of Meridian Exploration Pills at once, was this something that a High Level Alchemist could do?

Thus, it could be understood that he was freakish, right?

Could it be that this guy's limit was Grandmaster Level?

"I, I will immediately make arrangements for you." Mo Guohao nodded, and hurriedly left. Though he too did not dare believe it, he wanted even more to see a miracle happen.

Ling Han was indeed a man who could perform miracles.

It wasn't long before the Chairperson of the Alchemist Society of Huju City was invited out. His name was Lu Jin, and he was the only High Level Alchemist in Huju City. Thus, if Ling Han wanted to advance to become a High Level Alchemist, he definitely had to watch from the sidelines.

This was the rule.

Lu Jin already looked incredibly old, with a head of white hair. He had not even come close, and was already exuding a strong medicinal smell.

"Greetings, Grandmaster Lu!" Everyone bowed, and only Ling Han stood proudly.

In alchemy, there was probably no one that could be his master, or at least Lu Jin couldn't.

Ling Han only nodded slightly, and greeted him as if they were of the same rank.

Hiss!

Everyone was stunned. This guy had not even passed the certification, and already thought of himself as a High Level Alchemist?

Why don't you think about it? What if you don't pass?

Ling Han planned to concoct the Notionless Pill. Because it was a High Level alchemical pill, the ingredients needed were also considerably more valuable. The ingredients for some alchemical pills even needed the signatures of several attendants to approve opening the storehouse to retrieve them.

Thus, this was a little time-consuming.

As Lu Jin looked at Ling Han, he couldn't help but sigh with emotion.

This brat was really young.

When he was his age, he should have still been an apprentice that was cultivating Spiritual Power, right?

But what about him? He was already a Middle Level Alchemist, and was in the process of breaking through to become a High Level Alchemist.

People really… could not be compared.

After a while, the ingredients were ready.

Fewer people came to watch this time, because Lu Jin had deliberately controlled the spread of the news. Only alchemists who had reached the Elementary Level were qualified to attend. Thus, there were only 30 or so people.

No one dared to breathe too loudly, fearing that they would affect Ling Han.

Ling Han, however, was unconcerned. Whether it was Elementary Level or High Level, in his eyes, there was not much difference. He just had to be slightly more serious.

Let's begin.

He set up the formation foundations, and then activated them with his Spiritual Power. Boom, the jade seeds began to burn, turning into raging energy.

Ling Han waited, and when the "fire" was ready, he threw out the first medicinal ingredient.

After a while, he threw out the second type, then the third type. When it reached a certain point, he took back the medicinal body that had already turned into liquid, put in new medicinal ingredients, and began to refine them.

At the same time, he was also controlling the formations, adjusting the volume of the energy output, reaching an incredibly detailed level.

As a former Heavenly Venerate, Ling Han's control over his power and Spiritual Power was something that no one here could compare to.

Not to mention, he was also the Alchemy Emperor, and had outstanding ability in alchemy.

"It can't be, right?"

"The cauldron hasn't exploded even now. Just how skilled is his control over formations?"

"This first portion of medicinal juice is golden and clean, just like the pill recipe described."

"Hiss, which also means that up until now, everything has been smooth sailing for him."

"What a terrifying young man."

"No, this is a future Grandmaster of alchemy!"

Previously, a great many Elementary Level alchemists were jealous of Ling Han, but now? They were no longer jealous, only filled with strong admiration.

—When one's accomplishments were too high, others would not be jealous. Some of it would be envy, and the rest would only be admiration.

Ling Han had suddenly rushed to a height that they could only look up to, causing even their jealousy to disappear.

The second portion of medicinal juice, the third portion of medicinal juice, then merging them together, and new medicinal ingredients were added. When almost two hours had passed, Ling Han did not add any new medicinal ingredients, because they had all been used up.

This was the most crucial time, to condense the juice into a pill.

In a moment of carelessness, all his previous efforts would be wasted.

Everyone involuntarily held their breath. Would they witness a miracle?

A High Level Alchemist, there had never been a High Level Alchemist from Huju City before—Lu Jin was directly sent over by the Alchemy Department of the Imperial Capital. When he came, he was already a High Level Alchemist.

Even Lu Jin was slightly nervous. In the whole Dark North Nation, there were only a mere 42 High Level Alchemists. Could it be that from today onwards, there would be 43 High Level Alchemists?

This would really cause a commotion in the world.

Second after second passed, and the medicinal liquid was rapidly condensing into an alchemical pill. There was no sign of it turning into ashes.

He was about to succeed, he was really about to succeed.

Another two minutes passed, and Ling Han was done.

Xiu, three alchemical pills flew out and were held in Ling Han's hand.

"Congratulations, Grandmaster Ling!" Instantly, everyone bowed, performing the salutation of an alchemist paying respects to his elders. Even Mo Guohao was no exception.

This was a world with extremely strict hierarchies. It was like this in martial arts, it was like this in formations, and it was the same in alchemy.

Ling Han gritted his teeth internally. This alchemical pill had just been concocted, and was very hot!

It couldn't be helped. He only cultivated power, so his resistance to heat and cold wasn't all that strong.

However, his reputation was at its peak right now. If he suddenly threw out the alchemical pills in his hand, wouldn't it damage his image?

Thus, Ling Han could only forcefully endure the burning sensation. He nodded at everyone, and waved his hand.

"Grandmaster Ling, you have truly astounded me." Lu Jin walked over, the shock on his face still yet to subside. He had really witnessed a miracle. Visitt nov𝒆lbin(.)c𝒐/m for the l𝒂test updates

"Thank you for the compliment," Ling Han said with a smile.

"Oh, that's right. Isn't your hand hot?" Lu Jin asked softly.

"… Hot!"

"Hehe, come, put them into the pill bottle. This old man will have a nice chat with you."

The old man and young man left, and everyone could only watch as they left. These two people were now big shots of alchemy of Huju City, and others could only look up to them.

Lu Jin and Ling Han chatted for a long time. The majority of their conversation was about the Alchemist Society. As a High Level Alchemist, Lu Jin talked about what power Ling Han could enjoy and what obligations he had to undertake.

Half a day later, Ling Han finally left.

He had now obtained all the permissions in this place, and could browse through any pill recipe. Additionally, he would enjoy a fifty percent discount on the ingredients he bought. Furthermore, the Alchemist Society could also sell alchemical pills on his behalf, and would only collect a ten percent service charge.

Ling Han also obtained a mini optical computer, which he could wear on his wrist. Usually, it could be used like a watch, and in dark places, it could even glow like a torch. It was very practical and convenient.

He turned on the optical computer and browsed through the pill recipe that had been restricted from him previously.

"The Blood Replenishing Pill can replenish Qi and blood, and is suitable for those who attempt to break through to the Blood Transformation Tier."