Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3217 Provocation from Zhong Yangbi

The Blood Replenishing Pill should have been taken by Sun Jianfang before, right? Sun Jianfang had used his life force to forcefully enter into Blood Transformation Tier. Although he had broken through to the cultivation level, the expense on his internal energies was especially serious.

"This can only be taken after the breakthrough. Whether it is a successful advancement or a failure, it can be used to nourish the body."

"En, the medicinal effects actually also have the effect of stimulating one's life potential, so it is not suitable to be used during breaking through. Otherwise, it would have the opposite effect."

"This is not bad. I can give a few more to Sect Master Sun."

"Let's see if I can modify the pill recipe first."

Ling Han first bought a portion of ingredients for the Blood Replenishing Pill, and concocted a cauldron's worth of the Blood Replenishing Pills. He tried the process. Otherwise, he would only be an armchair strategist.

He scraped off a little, and after ingesting it, the blood in his body immediately boiled, as if it was filled with vitality, and became incredibly excited.

"En, en, en."

Ling Han experienced it. He was finding the shortcomings in the medicinal effects, and searching for improvements.

"The medicinal effects are a little too fierce, and will damage the body. Every medicine has its poison, and this is not wrong in the slightest."

"Reduce the amount of Heavenly Dendrobium, and increase the amount of Purple Ginseng. En, as well as Ling Kui. I'm sure the effects will be much better."

Ling Han went to buy ingredients again. He was really not short of money now, and after close to a month had passed, Mercy Medicine Hall had gathered a large amount of funds for him, which was enough for him to spend lavishly.

Worse come to worst, every time he concocted alchemical pills, his success rate was 100% so the value of the completed pills was at least three to four times the value of the ingredients. What need was there for him to be afraid of not having enough money to concoct alchemical pills?

Now that he was full of energy, there was no way to stop him.

He improved on the pill recipe day and night, and after four days, he finally succeeded.

Ling Han smiled faintly and said, "If the old version of the Blood Replenishing Pill is used, it might kill someone with the replenishing effects, and the new version doesn't have such a disadvantage. No matter how serious the injuries, there's no need to worry about not being able to take the replenishing effects."

"I should go and deliver it to Sect Master Sun."

"Aiyo, I even forgot to inform the Banner Lord."

"I'll do both things together."

Ling Han went out to find Sun Jianfang and Lian Xuerong. However, he had just walked out of the main doors of the association when he saw a person walking towards him.

Zhong Yangbi.

When he saw Ling Han, Zhong Yangbi was obviously startled.

Why had this guy come to the Alchemist Society?

He revealed a cold smile, "The strongest in martial arts, how would you have the time to come to our Alchemist Society?"

These words were sour and filled with animosity.

—You are from the martial arts world, and this is the holy land of alchemy. You are not qualified to come here. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Ling Han smiled faintly, "Is this your home? Do I need your permission to come here?"

"You're really right. This is indeed my home!" Zhong Yangbi said proudly. "Because I'm an Elementary Level Alchemist!"

He puffed up his chest, filled with pride.

Indeed, it was possible that there were only 30 to 40 Elementary Level alchemists in the entire Huju City. Aside from him, which other Elementary Level alchemist wasn't at an "advanced age" of over 40 years old?

Hence, he was an outstanding prodigy, and was incredibly proud.

At this time, two more Elementary Level alchemists walked out. When they saw Ling Han, they subconsciously wanted to pay their respects, but Ling Han gave them a signal with his eyes, telling them not to call out his identity.

You want to play?

Fine, I'll play you to death.

Ling Han said calmly, "You are only an Elementary Level alchemist. I am a High Level Elementary Alchemist. According to the rules, you should pay your respects to me."

Pu, Zhong Yangbi immediately spluttered in laughter. This was really a huge joke!

"If you're a High Level Alchemist, then I'm a Grandmaster Alchemist!" he scoffed.

When the two Elementary Level alchemists beside him heard this, they both shook their heads.

Just because of Zhong Yangbi's words, he would have to bear the consequences.

—Ling Han was indeed a High Level Alchemist. Then Zhong Yangbi would have committed a crime that was the equivalent of impersonating a Grandmaster Alchemist. This crime was not light.

Though everyone knew that Zhong Yangbi had actually done it unintentionally, because he had absolutely no idea of Ling Han's identity, but could he be considered innocent just because he didn't know any better?

Pa!

Ling Han's hand rose and fell, and a heavy slap landed on Zhong Yangbi's face, causing him to spin three times on the spot. He was completely stupefied, and only came back to his senses after quite a while.

"You dare to hit me?" Zhong Yangbi was extremely disbelieving. This was the Alchemist Society, and you actually dared to hit an alchemist—this was practically touching the head of a tiger.

Three more Elementary Level alchemists arrived. After hearing the situation, the five Elementary Level alchemists all shook their heads in unison. Zhong Yangbi was definitely going to suffer a setback.

Not only did he suffer this slap for nothing, he even had to kneel in front of Ling Han and apologize afterwards. Who asked him to dare disrespect a High Level Alchemist?

He deserved to be beaten.

No one spoke up to inform him; Ling Han was obviously messing around with Zhong Yangbi. No one would take the risk of offending a High Level Alchemist to do Zhong Yangbi a favor. If they did, they would really be dumb.

Moreover, because Zhong Yangbi had already become an Elementary Level alchemist at such a young age, Zhong Yangbi was far too arrogant and conceited. Many people didn't like him, so they naturally wouldn't give him a heads up.

"So what if I did?" Ling Han asked calmly.

Zhong Yangbi's eyes were burning with rage, but he knew very well that if it really came down to it, he was definitely no match for Ling Han.

—He was the number one martial artist of the younger generation of Huju City, and was invincible in Meridian Opening Tier.

If he went up to make a move, he would only be seeking his own humiliation.

However, since the other party had made a move?

Humph, then he might as well provoke Ling Han further, causing him to go even wilder. In fact, he might even develop killing intent towards him.

Then, to publicly attempt to kill an alchemist in the Alchemist Society, no matter what number one prodigy of martial arts Ling Han was, he would probably not be able to escape death.

That's right, let's do that!

Zhong Yangbi didn't know why he hated Ling Han so much. Was it because his younger brother had been humiliated by Ling Han? No, it was more likely because of his jealousy that Ling Han had overwhelmed his limelight.

No matter what, he didn't want to see Ling Han again. He hoped that Ling Han would disappear forever.

"How dare you!" Zhong Yangbi jumped over, and pointed at Ling Han, "You are nothing but a crude martial artist. No matter how much of a prodigy you are, what are you worth in the entire Huju City?"

"Can you defeat a Blood Transformation Tier elite? Even if you can, so what? Above Blood Transformation Tier elites, there's still Extreme Bone Tier elites!"

"You are only a minor character of the lowest tier!"

"Let me tell you. I was the one who deliberately led Hu Qiu to Mercy Medicine Hall. I was also the one who deliberately led him to 'accidentally' bump into your woman."

"With Hu Qiu's personality, he'll definitely try his best to snatch Huan Xue into the Hu Clan Residence. Haha, what can you do then? Barge into the Hu Clan Residence by force?"

"That's a Blood Transformation Tier-level noble clan. If you force your way in, you'll only be hacked to death at the door!"

"How is it? Your own woman would be snatched away to become a concubine, yet you can only endure silently on the sidelines. This is not a pleasant feeling, is it?"

Zhong Yangbi said arrogantly. He did not lower his voice when he said these words, because he wanted to make Ling Han even more furious.

What could men not tolerate the most?

To be cuckolded!

Now that he had publicized it to everyone, what face would Ling Han have left?

Was this still not enough to provoke you to the point of wanting to commit murder?

Hehe, just fall into this trap, and die from the fall!