Chapter 3218 An expert at courting death

Ling Han looked at Zhong Yangbi, his expression indescribably strange.

'Hurry, hurry up and get so furious that you couldn't help but take action.' Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com

Zhong Yangbi felt a headache coming on. Why was Ling Han's reaction completely out of expectations?

'What's with your expression?'

Could it be that you can tolerate being seen as a coward?

Ling Han shook his head, and said, "I've seen many people courting death, but one who does it as skillfully as you, well, you should be the first one. You can be called an expert in courting death"

"You, you—" Zhong Yangbi pointed at Ling Han, his face filled with fury.

"You want to anger me and make me kill you, right?" Ling Han said with a smile. "And your wishful thinking is that I'll lose control and make a move on you on the spot. Then, I'll be counter-killed by the elites of the Alchemy Association, right?"

'F*ck! How did he see through me?'

"Then are you planning to become a coward?" Zhong Yangbi asked. He was walking further and further down the path of seeking death.

Ling Han cracked a smile, "Why do I say that you are seeking death? It is because you don't even know what trump card I have, and have jumped out to anger me."

"You? What trump card do you have!" Zhong Yangbi sneered. "I don't know why Master values you, but if you make a move here, no one will be able to save you!"

"Do you dare?"

He attempted to anger Ling Han.

Ling Han patted Zhong Yangbi's shoulder, and said, "Don't worry, I will definitely kill you. After all, with how you are jumping around, if I don't kill you, it would be a waste of your painstaking efforts."

Zhong Yangbi was taken aback. What did this mean?

Ling Han clearly knew his intentions, yet still wanted to kill him? 'But what the hell are you telling me this for?'

Yi, this guy said that he wanted to kill him. Hadn't he just fallen into his trap? Why couldn't he be happy? He kept feeling that something was off?

"You?" He looked at Ling Han and felt as if he had just met this young man.

Ling Han smiled, and said, "You must be very curious about why I clearly know of your scheme, yet still dare to kill you, right?"

Zhong Yangbi nodded subconsciously. He felt it was really strange.

Pa!

Ling Han raised his hand and delivered a slap. With his strength, how could Zhong Yangbi dodge?

This slap was solid, and three of Zhong Yangbi's teeth immediately flew out.

"I forgot to tell you. What I hate the most is when others point their finger at me, which would make me very displeased," Ling Han said calmly.

Zhong Yangbi rubbed his cheek, feeling a burning pain.

He finally realized what was off. They had already caused such a commotion at the main door, so why had no one stepped forward to stop them?

Then, if Ling Han suddenly exploded and killed him, no one would stop him either.

F***, he had no wish to sacrifice his life just to kill Ling Han.

"Strange, right? Why is it that everyone is watching, but no one is calling a halt to your suicidal actions?" Ling Han said with a smile, and said to everyone, "You guys come and tell this little alchemist who I am."

"Greetings, Grandmaster Ling!" The alchemists at the door, including the guards, instantly paid their respects to Ling Han.

'Hah?'

Zhong Yangbi was startled. Grandmaster? What Grandmaster?

Whether it was in the field of alchemy or formations, only High Level and Grandmaster alchemists and Formation Masters were qualified to be called Grandmasters.

Could it be that he was a High Level Formation Master?

That was impossible. He was so young, and probably couldn't even be passed off as an Elementary Level Formation Master, let alone a High Level one.

Hold on, even if Ling Han was a High Level Formation Master, what need was there for the members of the Alchemy Association to pay their respects to him?

Hiss!

His eyes widened slightly, his face filled with disbelief.

"You guessed correctly." Ling Han nodded, "I am Alchemist Association's newly promoted High Level Alchemist. According to the rules, you should address me as Grandmaster."

Grandmaster… Grandmaster… Grandmaster…

At this moment, there were 10,000 *** running through Zhong Yangbi's mind. His mouth was wide open, and it was absolutely wide enough to fit a fist.

A crude man of the martial arts world had actually become a king tier of the alchemy world?

How could he believe this?

But so what if he didn't believe it? Didn't he see the reactions of the others?

Could this possibly be an act?

He was done for. He actually dared to strut around in front of a High Level alchemist, and even did something dirty. He was really courting death.

No wonder Ling Han's expression was so strange just now.

"Ling, Grandmaster Ling, Grandmaster Ling," he said in a trembling voice. Not only was his voice trembling, but even his entire body was trembling.

Ling Han smiled faintly, "It was fun, right?"

It was not fun at all!

Only now did Zhong Yangbi know that he was the one who had been screwed over. A mere Elementary Level Alchemist had provoked a High Level Alchemist in the Alchemist Society; just how suicidal was that?

Ling Han deliberately didn't allow others to expose his identity. It was obvious that he had deliberately dug a trap for him to jump into.

The stupidest thing was that he actually jumped into it.

"Grandmaster Ling, please have mercy and spare me this once." Zhong Yangbi knelt down and kowtowed continuously.

Ling Han shook his head, "Your words are really too unhelpful. Weren't you trying to provoke me to kill you just now? If I don't kill you, wouldn't all your previous efforts have gone to waste?"

I would rather it go to waste.

Zhong Yangbi was on the verge of tears. How could he have foreseen that someone even younger than him could actually become a High Level Alchemist. No one could have imagined that, right?

"Do you regret it now?" Ling Han asked.

"I regret it," Zhong Yangji said with a nod.

"Unfortunately, regrets can't change the evil deeds you've committed!" Ling Han shook his head, and said, "If you're only jealous, then I can't be bothered to argue with you. However, you actually used such a vicious method to cause harm. How can I tolerate you?"

"No!" Zhong Yangbi realized that something was off, and hurriedly broke into a run.

He didn't want anything else. He wanted to escape from Huju City.

Peng!

A powerful force pressed down on him, and he involuntarily sprawled out on the ground. He felt as if his whole person had been split into pieces, and could not move a single finger at all.

He looked around, and saw that everyone's faces revealed pityingl and indifferent expressions. Then, they quickly moved away from him.

What need was there to be concerned about a dead man?

Zhong Yangbi felt that it was getting harder and harder for him to breathe. He forcibly turned around to look at Ling Han, but could only see a blurry image. Then, his head drooped, and he was already dead.

Ling Han looked around, and said, "Report this matter to the Ministry of Internal Affairs, and deal with it as it should be dealt with."

"Yes!" Everyone hurriedly replied.

How should he be dealt with?

To say nothing of the fact that it was Zhong Yangbi who had courted death in the first place, even if Ling Han had killed Zhong Yangbi for no reason, what would the Alchemist Society do to him?

Such a young Grandmaster alchemist had boundless future prospects. Merely for this reason, they could at most restrict the range of Ling Han's activity, but would definitely not sentence him to extreme punishment.

Which also meant that Zhong Yangbi had died for nothing.

——Who asked him to court death, and insist on provoking a High Level Alchemist? Just think, you actually attempted to cuckold a High Level alchemist. If you don't die, who will?

Ling Han strode off. He had not thought that the enmity between him and Zhong Yangbi would end like this.

He first went to Xuanqing Banner, and told the latter about the possible great change that would happen in Huju City. Then, he went to find Sun Jianfang and delivered the Blood Replenishing Pill to him.