Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3219 Surprising Advancement

Sun Jianfang was extremely rueful.

In the past, it was only because he had cherished talent, and decided to nurture Ling Han for the sake of the Ancient Dao Sect's future. Unexpectedly, this kindness brought him huge benefits.

Previously, Sun Jianfang had only eaten seven Blood Replenishing Pills, and for this, he also owed Huju City a huge favor, because not only could Blood Replenishing Pills only be concocted by Middle Level alchemists, the ingredients were precious, and the success rate was extremely low.

Seven Blood Replenishing Pills, could be said to be incomparably priceless and incredibly valuable.

Some people were severely injured from attempting to break through to the Blood Transformation Tier, and without the Blood Replenishing Pill to recover, they would lose the opportunity to attempt breaking through to the Blood Transformation Tier for the rest of their lives, or the possibility of advancing further.

But now?

With the Blood Replenishing Pill in hand, Sun Jianfang would have the confidence to break through to the Second Change and Third Change. Even if he failed, it wasn't like he wouldn't have another chance.

"Ling Han, how thoughtful of you!" He patted Ling Han's shoulder.

Ling Han smiled faintly. That was his personality. Whoever treated him well the slightest bit, he would return the favor tenfold, and if others were malicious to him, they would also be repaid by him tenfold, or even a hundredfold.

He chatted with Sun Jianfang for a while before taking his leave.

After dealing with Zhong Yangbi, it was as if his mind had suddenly become clear. He could vaguely sense the existence of the seventh Hidden Meridian.

He wanted to immediately go into seclusion and seize this rare opportunity to open up the seventh Hidden Meridian as soon as possible.

Without advancing into Blood Transformation Tier, no matter how strong his power was, he would still be restricted by his cultivation level, and some abilities could not utilised.

He didn't go to the Mercy Medicine Hall, and instead returned to the Alchemist Society. To him, this was the safest place at the moment.

As expected, his senses were not wrong. In just three hours, he had clearly touched the seventh Hidden Meridian.

With the help of the Spirit Gathering Formation, he began to open up this meridian.

Now, the Spirit Gathering Formation was pitifully little help to him, but Ling Han didn't want to waste this rare comprehension. What if he slept and couldn't sense it tomorrow morning?

He spent almost the entire night, and finally opened up the seventh Hidden Meridian preliminarily.

Now, even if he fell asleep for a few days and nights, he wouldn't have to worry about not being able to sense the seventh Hidden Meridian when he woke up.

Early the next morning, Ling Han first used the time when the sun had just risen to cultivate for half an hour, then went to fetch his little female attendant. If he wanted to use the rich man's formation, it might overflow a bit, so he could not waste it.

He shockingly discovered that his little female attendant had actually advanced again.

Ten Meridians!

Even in the Dark North Nation, this kind of rate of advancement was extremely shocking, but who asked her to have a good master, who was both generous, and also the Alchemy Emperor?

The two of them arrived at the Alchemist Society. Ling Han set up the rich man's formation, and then began to cultivate.

Half a day later, he was already at the peak stage of Nineteen Meridians.

"Once I open up one more meridian, I'll be qualified to attempt the Blood Transformation Tier." Ling Han took out the Phoenix King Jade Fruit that he had previously obtained. It had been bright red on the branch, but now, it had turned green in colour, as if it was carved from jade.

"It will be ready to be eaten very soon." Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

He put away the Treasured Fruit and started to mull over it in his mind.

After killing Zhong Yangbi, he felt extremely pleased. He instantly comprehended and could sense the seventh Hidden Meridian, so could he also kill Yan Jun? Who knows, he might be able to comprehend again, and while he was at it, he could also sense the eighth Hidden Meridian.

He couldn't help but feel his heart palpitate. He really couldn't resist.

However, before he had made his decision, Mo Guohao suddenly came to pay him a visit.

Ling Han had the little female attendant invite him in. When Mo Guohao saw him, he immediately paid his respects.

"My unfilial disciple offended Grandmaster Ling. I didn't discipline him well, so I've especially come to apologize."

Ling Han waved his hand dismissively, and said, "This has nothing to do with you. There is no need to forcefully drag yourself into this matter."

"Thank you, Grandmaster." Mo Guohao hurriedly thanked him. After he found out about Zhong Yangbi's foolish actions, he was so scared that he broke out in a cold sweat, fearing that Ling Han would bear a grudge against him as well.

Thankfully, Ling Han was a very reasonable person.

He said a lot of things, and after expressing his apology again, he finally left.

Ling Han once again recalled the matter of Yan Jun.

Without a good opportunity, how was he supposed to kill Yan Jun?

Even if he was a Grandmaster alchemist, if he killed a formation master for no reason, even if he wouldn't be executed, his freedom would definitely be restricted, and he would be imprisoned for several years. So he would have to work hard on concocting pills to compensate, right?

What Ling Han liked was alchemy. Exploring the unknown territory of alchemy and continously refining alchemical pills that he had already learnt would drive him crazy.

Hence, he still had to find a chance. The best scenario would be for Yan Jun to seek his own death like Zhong Yangbi had done.

"Speaking of which, it's actually because I'm not strong enough. Otherwise, even if I killed Yan Jun, so what? Who would dare to do anything to me?"

Ling Han saw this very clearly. In this world, strength determined everything. No matter how awesome an alchemist or formation master was, their status was also given to them by cultivators.

Of course, formation masters were slightly better off, because awesome formation masters also possessed powerful battle prowess. Once a killing formation appeared, it could massacre cities and destroy nations. From a certain aspect, formation masters could possibly be stronger than cultivators.

"One more thing, what exactly would happen to Huju City? Judging by the expression on Zha Deyuan's face when he said those words, he was obviously not just trying to scare me."

"Sigh, this guy died too quickly. He didn't even say anything useful."

Ling Han put the matter aside first, and went to sense the last Hidden Meridian.

He longed for strength, so that he would not have to submit to others, and could also allow the empress and the others to come out as soon as possible.

The news of Zhong Yangbi's death did not spread out, because this was a scandal of the Alchemist Society, so there was naturally no need for it to spread out like wildfire. Furthermore, the news of Ling Han being newly promoted as a High Level Alchemist also did not spread out, because his insignia needed to be created and verified by Monarch tier alchemists, which would not be completed in a short while.

Thus, the Alchemist Society had to wait for the headquarters to confirm before announcing Ling Han's identity.

Ling Han cultivated for a few days, but made no progress at all.

Breaking through in this final step wasn't an easy task.

No, he couldn't rush it. Cultivators were most averse of being too hasty. It was necessary to know that haste would lead to inadequate results.

'Hmm?'

A frightening chill suddenly rose up from the bottom of his heart. Ling Han suddenly turned around, yet saw that an old man had appeared in the room at some unknown time. He had a sharp mouth and monkey-like chin, and was currently looking all around.

An elite. An extremely powerful, and practically terrifying one at that.

Ling Han was internally stunned. The Alchemy Association was protected by formations, and normal people definitely couldn't barge in, and if the other party was a guest, someone should have reported it to him in advance.

"Yi, I have been discovered just like that?" The old man's eyes met Ling Han's, and he couldn't help but grin.

Ling Han also broke into a smile, and said, "Senior, you suddenly came. Please forgive me for not coming out to receive you."

The old man was surprised, and said, "You actually don't find it strange to suddenly see me appear in your room?"

"Then forgive me for asking out of curiosity. Why have you come, Senior?" Ling Han asked.

"Hahaha, this little friend is quite interesting!" The old man laughed loudly.