Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3220 Recruitment

The old man crossed his arms behind his back, circled around Ling Han, and said, "I've come this time firstly to retrieve the Blood Divine Crystal, and secondly to kill you."

Ling Han's heart jolted. It was that mysterious force again. The reaction speed was really fast. It had not been too long since Zha Deyuan's death.

He was sure that the monkey-like old geezer standing in front of him had unfathomable abilities. He definitely wasn't the level of Blood Transformation Tier, but at least an Extreme Bone Tier. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

If he fought with all his might, he would definitely die.

However, the old geezer didn't immediately make a move, giving him a shred of hope.

En, he definitely had to prepare some powerful Talisman Weapons in the future. No matter how expensive they were, he didn't care. The feeling of being at the mercy of others was too terrible.

"Yi, aren't you going to yell for help?" the little old man asked curiously.

Ling Han shook his head, and said, "With Senior's strength, killing me is only the matter of a single thought. What use is there for me to call out?"

"Hahaha, the little guy is indeed very interesting," the old man said with a laugh. "At first, I indeed wanted to kill you and leave without a second thought. Killing a measly Meridian Opening Tier cultivator and actually having me personally take action, isn't that just causing trouble for me?"

"Hence, this old man really hate you for it. On the way here, I've already thought of all kinds of ways for you to die."

"However, to actually find you in the Alchemy Association, this old man is a little curious."

"Thus, I went to make some queries, and only then did I discover that you are actually a High Level Alchemist."

"Among the alchemists in the Majestic Empire, no matter how prodigious they are, they would still have to pass the age of sixty to have any hope of advancing into the threshold of a High Level alchemist."

"Wouldn't it be a pity to kill such a prodigy?"

Ling Han smiled, and said, "Thank you for your insight, Senior."

The old man chuckled and said, "Milord is a supreme prodigy. In the future, he'll become the ruler of the world! I cherish talent, and Master also cherishes talent. Thus, I've decided to give you a chance."

"What chance?" Ling Han asked with a smile.

"Submit to our Lord," the old man said. "I can make the decision to gift that Blood Divine Crystal to you."

Ling Han thought for a moment, then asked, "Then what should I do?"

"Hehe, you can stay here for the time being." The old man took out a bottle from within his robes, and tossed it towards Ling Han. "Take the medicine inside."

Ling Han opened the bottle and poured out a yellow-coloured alchemical pill. There was only one, and it had a slight sweet fragrance to it.

"This is called the Soul Departing Pill," the old man said. "After ingesting it, the medicinal effects will only take effect a year later. However, don't worry. As long as you work earnestly for my lord, there will naturally be an antidote for you every year, and as long as you are loyal and devoted, it would not be difficult for you to obtain an eternal antidote."

"Of course, if you are not obedient… hehe, this will cause you to die a very, very tragic death!"

Without the slightest hesitation, Ling Han immediately swallowed the alchemical pill.

He had no choice. If he didn't accept the medicine, he would end up being immediately killed by the old man.

In the case of poison, Ling Han was really unafraid. As the Alchemy Emperor, how could it be that he would not be able to find the antidote within a year?

"Very decisive, this old man admires you very much." The old man smiled, "You just wait on standby first. For the moment, there isn't any work for you to do. Oh, that's right, leave Huju City within half a month."

Ling Han's heart jolted again. What would happen in Huju City half a month later?

Previously, Zha Deyuan had already said that he would not be able to escape death even if he returned to Huju City. Now, the old man had disclosed the same intention. What kind of calamity would befall Huju City? No matter where he hid in the city, it would not be safe.

He did not ask. Clearly, the other party could not possibly tell him. He was far from being trusted.

"Alright, I'm leaving. Work hard and strive to become an alchemy grandmaster before thirty years old. That way, you can become my lord's right-hand man, and your future prospects will be limitless!" The old man nodded at Ling Han before opening the door and taking his leave.

"Oh, that's right. Every night at midnight, you will feel slight pain. This is the normal effect of the medicine, and will not take your life."

Ling Han hurriedly set off in pursuit. However, when he rushed out the door, there was no sign of the old man anywhere.

"This old geezer is at least an elite of Extreme Bone Tier. The feeling he gives me is that he's completely unmatched, far surpassing Zha Deyuan," Ling Han murmured. "Am I considered lucky or unlucky?"

If he were unlucky, he would have long since been killed by the old man.

Hence, he was still quite lucky. He had come to be certified as a High Level alchemist on a "sudden impulse", which allowed the old man to see his "worthiness".

"The most important thing now is to cure the poison first."

Ling Han raised his hand, and there was a little bit of the alchemical pill under his fingernails. He had scraped this out before ingesting the alchemical pill, and did not dare scrape out too much, fearing that the old man would discover it.

"Also, I have to go and warn Lian Xuerong."

"I've suffered such a great loss just now, and the reason is still because I'm not strong enough. Otherwise, I can teach this old geezer how to behave."

"Yi?"

Ling Han was startled. He suddenly realized that he had sensed the eighth Hidden Meridian.

'It can work like this as well?'

He really didn't know whether to thank that old man or curse him, because the pressure the other party exerted upon him gave him enlightenment.

He would break through first.

He set down the Spirit Gathering Formation and went to open up the last meridian.

Slightly less than half a day later, the eighth Hidden Meridian had also been opened up.

Come, rich man's formation.

Ling Han called his little female attendant over. He had no wish to waste it.

Another half day later, the eighth Hidden Meridian Meridian had already expanded to the extreme. He had finally walked to the end of the Meridian Opening Tier.

"However, is Twenty Meridians really the limit of Meridian Opening Tier?" Ling Han murmured.

"It's clear that Tuoba Tianhuang's power will also reach Twenty Meridians. In that case, even if I have the advantage in the width of my meridians and the flow rate of mystical power as compared to him, my advantage isn't very great."

"Furthermore, there should be no shortage of prodigies like Tuoba Tianhuang. Who knows, there may be others like me."

"With the peak stage of Meridian Opening such as this, I don't think it's the limit or the end."

Ling Han clenched his fists tightly, "I want to become the strongest!"

"Aside from the Twelve True Meridians and Extraordinary Eight Meridians, are there any other meridians in the human body?"

"From my experience in the Genesis World, there are still innumerable tiny meridians in the human body. Although the mystical power that can be stored is limited, a little accumulation makes a lot, and added together, it can't be ignored."

"All right, this is my direction."

Ling Han had the little female attendant continue to cultivate in the formations, while he went to the Xuanqing Banner to warn the other party again.

He did not go into too much detail. Since the old man was so confident, he was sure that not many people would be able to resolve the poison of this Soul Departing Pill. Thus, even if he told Lian Xuerong, it would be useless.

"Half a month?" Lian Xuerong nodded. "I'll inform the other three banners to keep an eye out for any movements."

Ling Han wasn't very optimistic about this. The old man's tone was far too certain. He definitely wasn't being arrogant, but confident in his own abilities.

"We'll see how things go. I'll take care of myself first and prepare for both scenarios. If it really can't be done, I'll call Sect Master Sun and Huan Xue to leave together."