Chapter 3221 Pinnacle of Meridian Opening

Ling Han returned to the Alchemy Association, and began to study the Soul Departing Pill.

He only had a little bit of the medicine in his hands, but for the Alchemy Emperor, this was already enough.

He concentrated on studying, and searched extensively for information. Gradually, he had some idea, but he was still a distance away from completing the antidote of the poison.

At the same time, he didn't forget to cultivate.

If unlocking the Extraordinary Eight Meridians was considered a prodigy, then prodigy was also divided into various levels. A Twenty Meridians was a super genius.

What Ling Han wanted to pursue was invincibility.

He wanted to open up more meridians and surpass everyone.

Now, he was qualified to do so.

However, True Meridians at least had a diagram. There was also a legend about the Extraordinary Meridians. Yet, the path that Ling Han wanted to take now was a complete blank.

He channeled his twenty meridians, allowing the mystical power to circulate in his body over and over again.

'Hmm?'

After channeling it countless times, Ling Han suddenly experienced enlightenment.

If he wanted to exert force now, he would have to mobilize all his meridians, and then gather his power. It was like twenty people were using a rope to pull a large ox.

"In that case, there would definitely be some problem with the coordination. It is clearly twenty portions of power, but when they are stacked together, it may be equivalent to nineteen portions, or even eighteen portions in fact."

"If these meridians could be combined into one, then there would be no power wasted."

"But how do I connect these meridians together?"

"More meridians."

"This, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this, this."

Ling Han continued to gain enlightenment. The advantage of having powerful spiritual power was that he could examine his own body, allowing him to quickly outline a diagram within his body.

"If there are no meridians here, then I'll force one out."

"Begin!" Ling Han set up the Spirit Gathering Formation and began to break through his meridians.

Were there more meridians in the human body?

That may not be the case, and even if there was, could it possibly be in the position that Ling Han wanted? The possibility of that was naturally even lower.

Ling Han struck again and again. He had a belief, and that was if there was no path, he would carve out a path.

"Hiss, to forcefully open up a meridian in the body, this is really painful."

Ling Han gritted his teeth. The mystical power was randomly crashing within him, making him feel extremely uncomfortable.

"Pu!" He spat out a mouthful of blood, feeling his vitality drop to rock bottom.

"Great loss of blood and Qi?"

"I'm not trying to break through to the Blood Transformation Tier, so why is it like this?"

"Even this can hurt my life force?"

"I need to quickly take the Blood Replenishing Pill."

Ling Han took out alchemical pills and ingested them. He didn't give all the Blood Replenishing Pills to Sun Jianfang, but kept two for himself. This kind of treasured pill to replenish blood and Qi could be used for self-protection. He didn't expect it to come in handy so quickly.

After ingesting an alchemical pill, Ling Han instantly felt his body become warm and his vitality recover.

"Again!"

Ling Han had an indescribable stubbornness about strength. He once again began to open up his meridians — or rather, create one.

Time and time again, he failed. When he finished the Blood Replenishing Pills, he had no choice but to stop and concoct new ones. In the eyes of others, they were extremely precious Blood Replenishing Pills, but in his case, they were like sweets that he could eat as he liked.

It was unknown how many times he had failed. All of a sudden, Ling Han felt his body tremble. It was a sudden and soothing sensation.

Yi!

To his surprise, he discovered that Zuyang Bright Gastric Meridian had actually connected with the Hand Shaoyang Three Burning Meridian. In his head, they were connected by a tiny meridian.

This new meridian was very short. Even if it was opened, it would not have much effect on Ling Han's total reserves of mystical power, but its significance was extraordinary, because the two true meridians were actually connected.

He could do it! Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

Ling Han's confidence increased greatly. He continuously opened up this new meridian. Because it was too short, he soon reached the pinnacle.

Let's test out the power.

The Alchemist Society didn't have a strength tester. Which alchemist didn't think of themselves as noble and aloof, so how could they be using their precious hands to practice martial arts and for target practice?

Hence, Ling Han could only have someone buy one back, the kind of high-level one that could withstand the bombardment of 500,000kg.

He went to test it out, and his power was as high as 310,000kg.

—After opening up twenty meridians, his power was fixed at 300,000 kilograms of strength. Now, he had only opened a very short meridian, and he actually had an additional 10,000 kilograms of strength?

"It's not the meridian itself that's taking effect. Instead, it's communicating with two true meridians, which is equivalent to fusing them into one. The mystical power has completely fused together."

"As expected, Twenty Meridians isn't the end. In other words, it's not perfect enough."

"Again!"

After having experienced success once, Ling Han was naturally filled with confidence. This kind of success was extremely important to the stability of one's mentality and the increase of confidence.

After a few hours, he found another thin and short meridian, and connected two new meridians again. After completely expanding, his power improved again.

Time slowly passed. One after another, small meridians were discovered, opened up, and expanded to the extreme.

If the Twelve True Meridians and Eight Extraordinary Meridians were the main branches, then these small meridians were the side branches, continuously connecting the main meridians.

Seven days later, Ling Han's eyes suddenly snapped open. Weng! A bright light flashed through his eyes, causing the entire room to light up.

A smile appeared at the corners of his lips, "The twenty meridians have all been connected, forming a circle."

"The surge of mystical power is now completely synchronized, without even the slightest conflict or waste."

"In this way, what level can my power reach?"

Ling Han went to test again, and the result stunned him. 500,000kg; he had reached the terrifying extent of 500,000kg of strength.

He was absolutely certain that he had already surpassed the First Change Blood Transformation Tier— an ordinary First Change Blood Transformation Tier definitely could not possibly reach the strength of 500,000kg, even a Second Change could barely achieve it.

He was clearly only at the Meridian Opening Tier, but in terms of raw power, he was comparable to the Second Change Blood Transformation Tier.

If this was told to others, it was guaranteed that no one would believe it.

"However, my power pool hasn't increased by much. These new meridians are too short, and can't accommodate much power. Therefore, what I've increased is only explosive power. If I really fight at full strength, it can only last for about an hour."

"If I have to use the overlapping layer of power again, with the highest overlapping of twenty layers, I can only battle for three to five minutes, at most."

"This…"

"This can also be considered as blood boiling, but it's a little special."

It was indeed special. If someone's blood boiled once, it would take at least five to six hours to recover, but in his case, as long as the power in his body could be replenished, he could continue to unleash explosive power.

"When I advance into the Blood Transformation Tier, and can boil my blood and Qi, what kind of heights would my power reach?"

"I'm really looking forward to it."

However, Ling Han had overlooked a problem, and that was this Strength Testing Tool could only measure the power of 500,000kg of strength, at most. If it exceeded 500,000kg, then what would be displayed would only be 500,000kg.

Was his strength really 500,000kg?