Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3222 Move to Help

"I have also some grasp of the antidote formula."

"Now, I need to gather medicinal ingredients and concoct alchemical pills. I'll only know if they're useful after ingesting them."

"Every night, when the medicinal effects take effect, I would feel a pain as if my heart was being squeezed. It's really uncomfortable."

Ling Han moved to prepare the pill recipe, but even if the storehouse of the Alchemist Society was open to him, he still hadn't gathered all the ingredients he needed.

"There's still lacking a total of eight different ingredients, which are incredibly precious and valuable. There's no one selling them, or that they are extremely difficult to harvest, and do not have much use either. The quality-price ratio is too high, and no medicine harvester would be willing to harvest them from dangerous locations."

"I can only do it myself."

"As for those closest to me… Hmm, there might be Nine Flames Grass in the Great Green Mountains."

The Nine Flames Grass was one of the eight ingredients he lacked.

"There are still eight days until the deadline of half a month that the old man spoke of, so I can take a trip to the Great Green Mountains first."

Ling Han pondered for a moment, then decided to go to the Great Green Mountains.

Due to the fact that the members of Team Seven were either dead or injured, and they did not have a full team, they would not be going out on missions for the moment. Everyone was on leave, so Ling Han was still quite free.

He also decided to wait for the danger befalling the city — no matter what it was, when it was over, he would resign from his position as deputy captain, and focus on his cultivation.

After some thought, Ling Han decided to bring Huan Xue with him. Who knows, Hu Qiu might not have given up yet, and although it was safe for the little female attendant to stay in the Alchemist Society, she couldn't hide there forever and not go out, right?

Thus, he decided to bring Huan Xue for a trip.

Ling Han told Huan Xue to make some preparations. Then, he saw that the little female attendant was carrying a huge luggage on her back, like a thief who had returned with a full load.

In the past… he probably had this kind of image as well.

Ling Han couldn't help but grit his teeth—how embarrassing.

The two of them set out. After leaving the city, they headed east.

The Great Green Mountains were very close to Huju City, and the straight-line distance was only about a hundred km. However, this journey was really very difficult to travel. The route was too uneven, and there would be occasional large rivers appearing, so it was absolutely impossible to drive there.

Thankfully, Huan Xue had also reached Ten Meridians, and even with such massive luggage, it was easy for her.

A few hours later, they arrived at the Great Green Mountains.

The Great Green Mountains were primitive and rough, but there were no powerful Demonic Beasts here, because the four great banners would occasionally come to sweep the area. It was practically impossible for Demonic Beasts above Ten Meridians to exist. Of course, there were also extremely dangerous places in the Great Green Mountains. Even Extreme Bone Tiers wouldn't venture deep into the Great Green Mountains, but as long as they didn't go there, there naturally wouldn't be any danger.

"Let's go," Ling Han said.

"Oh." The little female attendant nodded, and hurriedly followed.

The Nine Flames Grass was located halfway up the Great Green Mountains. Merely in terms of height, that place was already very dangerous.

Ling Han naturally headed straight for his destination. However, the Great Green Mountains were massive, really massive, and the mountain path was extraordinarily difficult to walk. It would take at least a day and night to reach their destination.

"Yi?" Ling Han paused.

"What is it, Young Master?" Huan Xue asked blankly.

"There are sounds of battle," Ling Han said. "Come, let's go and take a look."

"Oh." Huan Xue nodded. In any case, Ling Han could do whatever he wanted.

Ling Han led the way in front, and soon, Huan Xue also heard the sound. She could still find the right direction, even without Ling Han leading the way.

They passed through the dense forest, and an empty land appeared ahead of them. And in this empty land, a battle was presently taking place.

Five young men and women were ganging up on a Demonic Beast.

This Demonic Beast was a nine-toed wolf, and its abilities were completely displayed on its body. That was, every time it increased the power of One Meridian, it would gain an extra toe. Now, this Demonic Beast had nine toes, which meant that it was in the tier of Nine Meridians.

Under normal circumstances, Demonic Beasts were stronger than human cultivators of the same cultivation level, because they had an inherent advantage, such as faster speed, stronger power, and basically had powerful defense.

Thus, usually, only two or three people would be able to win if they teamed up to battle against a Demonic Beast.

However, this time, only two of the five men and women reached the Nine Meridians, while the other three reached the Eight Meridians. Thus, even if the five of them joined forces, they were still locked in a fierce battle with the Demon Wolf. It was an extremely precarious situation.

"Calm down, don't panic. We have the upper hand, and we will definitely win." Among the five of them, an older man said, stabilizing their morale. Diiscover new 𝒔tories at n𝒐ve/lbin(.)c/o𝒎

Actually, he was not very old either. At most, he was only sixteen or seventeen years old.

Indeed, as long as they could stabilize the situation, their chances of winning were at least 80%.

The other four men and women nodded respectively. Under the young man's control, the situation gradually stabilized.

However, right at this moment, a sudden change took place.

That Demon Wolf's whole body emitted a white light, exuding a powerful aura.

"Not good, this Demonic Beast has mutated, and is about to advance into Ten Meridians!" The slightly older youth exclaimed in shock, and hurriedly said, "Everyone, retreat!"

They were unafraid of a Nine Meridians Demonic Beast, but once it advanced into a Ten Meridians Demonic Beast, it would be able to release its power, and its battle prowess would increase, and not just by a little bit.

They wanted to retreat, but that Demonic Beast had been ganged up on for so long, and had sustained considerable injuries. With the vicious nature of wild beasts, how could it possibly allow them to leave?

It jumped, and it was as if its body was flying. Furthermore, the change was still continuing. On its four limbs, the first full toe was growing out.

—Even if it became a Ten Meridians, its power wouldn't immediately increase greatly, but its power could be released. This was the greatest change.

The five men and women all paled in fright. How could they have possibly imagined that this Nine Meridians Demonic Beast would actually break through at such a crucial time?

They were really unlucky.

"Huan Xue, go and help," Ling Han said. For better or worse, he was still Xuanqing Banner's deputy captain, so he naturally couldn't stand by and watch.

"Yes," the little female attendant replied, and immediately rushed out.

Ling Han couldn't help but feel speechless. This little girl was really a little silly. Why would you be carrying your luggage to a fight?

Peng!

Huan Xue had already moved. She threw a punch, and a force was released, delivering a terrifying punch.

Influenced by Ling Han, she was also more inclined to use her fists.

The five men and women were all dumbfounded. What had they seen?

A beautiful woman appeared, carrying a huge luggage on her back. Then, she threw a punch at the Demonic Beast. Before they could even come to their senses, they saw a bang, and the Demonic Beast was sent flying.

She unleashed her power. A Ten Meridians elite.

"Yayaya!" Huan Xue attacked repeatedly, blasting the Demon Wolf.

The Demon Wolf had only just advanced to Ten Meridians, and the only difference between it and being Nine Meridians was that it could release its power, so how could it possibly be a match for Huan Xue, who had advanced to Ten Meridians many days ago?

Very quickly, its spine was broken with a single punch, and it had become a dead wolf.

"Thank you for your help, Miss!" The five of them hurriedly expressed their thanks.

Although Huan Xue was already a Ten Meridians, it couldn't change her mentality as a little female attendant. She hurriedly bent down to return the greeting, and instantly, the huge baggage completely slid past her. This appearance was a little funny.

Ling Han walked out, and said, "Let's go."

"Who do you think you are!" Immediately, a young man jumped out, pointing at Ling Han, "What right do you have to issue commands?"

"That's my Young Master," Huan Xue said weakly.

"Yi!" The five of them looked at Ling Han, then looked at Huan Xue. They all shook their heads in disbelief.