Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3223 Little pink pig

Ling Han smiled faintly, "I saved your lives, and this is how you repay me?"

"Pei, we were saved by this lady," a young man immediately said.

"En!" The other four all nodded.

They weren't very old, and the slightly older youth was only 16 or 17 years old. The other four were even younger, at most 15 or 16 years old. At this age, they admired heroes the most. Huan Xue saved them from the tiger's mouth, and in their hearts, she was like a goddess.

How could they accept that such a goddess still had a master?

This was especially the case for the three young men. Their eyes were filled with adoration as they looked at Huan Xue, and it was even more impossible for them to accept reality.

"But I'm really Young Master's maid!" Huan Xue nodded vigorously. These people were so strange.

With repeated emphasis, these people finally accepted the reality, but they were even angrier.

"You're too despicable. You actually made Miss Huan Xue do such heavy work!" they reprimanded. Just look at how much load Huan Xue was carrying?

"You're abusing her!"

"Name a price. How much do you want for redeeming Miss Huan Xue's freedom?"

Huan Xue hurriedly shook her head like a rattle drum. "Young Master didn't abuse me, and I don't want to leave Young Master!"

She felt really apprehensive of these youngsters who thought themselves to be righteous. Hurriedly, she said to Ling Han, "Young Master, let's leave quickly."

Ling Han couldn't help but laugh in spite of himself. However, he nodded, and said, "Alright."

The two of them broke into a run, their speed extremely fast. How could the five youths possibly catch up to them? They stopped after running for a bit.

"We definitely can't watch as Miss Huan Xue falls into a tiger's den!"

"They must belong to Huju City. When we return, we'll investigate. We must find out the background of that man."

"We must save Miss Huan Xue!"

The five of them were burning with fighting spirit. In their boring lives, they immediately had another goal to strive for.

After Ling Han ran for a while, he said, "All right, there's no need to run. These people aren't chasing us."

Huan Xue panted heavily. "Young Master, those people are really too terrifying!"

They actually wanted her to leave Young Master's side; they were all bad people!

Ling Han laughed loudly, "Let's rest for a while before continuing on our way."

Very soon, they continued on their way.

The path in the mountains was extremely difficult to travel. By the time the sky darkened, they still had to cover less than half of the distance to their destination.

Because of the towering trees, this place would be pitch-black at night. It would be an exaggeration to say that one couldn't even see their own fingers of a stretched hand, but it was indeed not much better.

The two of them stopped, and prepared to eat something. They would continue their journey tomorrow morning.

Fortunately, they were actually next to a rabbit's nest, and Huan Xue Xue caught two big fat rabbits.

The little female attendant happily started a fire, washed the rabbit clean with clear water, and began to prepare dinner.

Soon, the roasted rabbit emitted a fragrance. The meat became golden, and zi, zi, zi, fat was bubbling.

Even Ling Han's appetite was stirred. Huan Xue was indeed quite skilled.

Se, se, se. Right at this moment, the bushes ahead of them suddenly shook.

Ling Han stood up. What wild beast was about to appear?

However, after waiting for a while, there was still no reaction.

He sat back down, and with a rustling sound, the bushes moved again.

Was it toying with them?

Ling Han suddenly unleashed his power, and pounced in that direction. He raised a fist, and peng, he delivered a punch strike. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Right now, he possessed a strength of 500,000kg. When he threw this punch, it was as if a hurricane had been created, flattening the area of three meters from where his punch strike landed.

Yi, there was nothing.

Ling Han was astounded. He only saw grass flying, and as for the rest… there was nothing.

What was going on here?

"Young Master." Huan Xue hurriedly jumped over as well.

Ling Han shook his head, turned around, and was about to return, but his eyes were fixed on the scene.

The rabbit that was being roasted on the fire was gone.

It was gone!

The meat naturally wouldn't run away by itself for no reason. Thus, it was either that it had been taken by someone, or that it was a Demonic Beast.

But whether it was a human or a beast, these abilities were quite extraordinary.

"Yi, such a cute pig!" The little female attendant suddenly called out.

'Hmm?'

Ling Han followed the little female attendant's gaze, and saw a pink pig the size of a kitten walking over, swaying its behind. This small pig was really fat, with an extremely round body.It was completely pink in colour, and its tail was thin and short.

If it was a big fat pig, perhaps some people would feel disgusted, but this little pink pig would only make people feel that it was cute.

At least, Huan Xue had already fallen for him. She immediately picked up the little pink pig, her eyes twinkling.

Ling Han looked on, yet saliva was growing in his mouth. He just happened to be feeling hungry, and a little pink pig had delivered itself up to his doorstep. This was the will of heaven.

The little pink pig seemed to have sensed Ling Han's gaze, and raised its head to snuffle at Ling Han. Then, it stuffed its head in Huan Xue's chest, looking like it had been frightened.

F*ck! Has it gained intelligence?

After pretending for a while, it actually took the opportunity to take advantage of Huan Xue.

You are really capable.

Ling Han wanted even more to slaughter this little pink pig. En, he'll just make it into a roast suckling pig.

"Young Master, don't eat it, okay? This little piggy is so pitiful," Huan Xue Xue begged Ling Han, her eyes filled with tears.

Ling Han sighed, and said, "Fine, I won't eat it."

Huan Xue was instantly all smiles as she hugged the little pink pig. Her maternal instincts were already out of control.

Ling Han looked at the little pig. The little pink pig would occasionally glance at him, filled with pride.

F***, a pig could actually be so human-like?

Ling Han had not forgotten how the two roasted rabbits had disappeared for no reason, and from the look of things now, this "criminal" was it!

This guy first created a diversion to lure them away, then took the opportunity to steal the two roasted rabbits. After eating, it would appear again in a pitiful manner, causing the little female attendant's maternal instincts to overflow.

En, in terms of intelligence, this pig was not stupid at all.

What Ling Han cared about was, how could this pig's speed be so fast?

"Huan Xue, let me see the pig," he said.

"Oh." Huan Xue was a little reluctant, but she still handed the little pink pig over to Ling Han.

"Gu! Gu!" The little pink pig let out a cry like a pig going to be slaughtered, and kept dodging into Huan Xue's arms.

Ling Han grabbed the little pink pig. He looked it up and down, but didn't find anything special about this pig.

This wasn't a Demonic Beast at all, and it didn't possess any power at all.

This was very strange. If it was really an ordinary piglet, how had it managed to survive on the Great Green Mountains? If it encountered a powerful carnivore or Demonic Beast, how could it possibly survive by acting cute?

If he didn't have the little female attendant with him, Ling Han really wanted to draw some blood from this little fat pig and study it carefully, but Huan Xue was looking at him pitifully from the sidelines, causing Ling Han to feel as if her eyes were piercing into him.

Forget it, he would not make a move for the moment.

Ling Han returned the little pink pig to Huan Xue, and the little fat pig immediately crawled into Huan Xue's arms, looking like a scared little pig.

What the hell.