Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3224 Found the Nine Flames Grass

Ling Han walked around and quickly hunted another goat, handing it over to Huan Xue to be dealt with.

It wasn't long before the fragrance wafted over again.

Ling Han's appetite was stirred, and he immediately tore off a piece to eat.

The little pink pig also moaned, and opened its mouth, looking like it wanted to eat.

Huan Xue gently fed the little pink pig.

Though this pig was not very big in size, its appetite was incredibly shocking. It ate the meat bite after bite, as if it would never be full, and kept eating.

Its stomach was very fat and round, but no matter how much meat it ate, there was no sign that its stomach was bulging, as if it was a bottomless pit.

Gluttonous and lecherous.

In a short period of time, Ling Han had already discovered two "special traits" of this pig. In summary, it was a piece of trash.

The goat meat was very quickly divided up. Ling Han ate almost half of it, and the little pink pig also ate almost half of it. Only then was the remaining eaten by the little female attendant.

This pig was indeed a glutton.

At night, Huan Xue was afraid that the little pink pig would freeze, so she stuffed this little fat pig between her breasts, making this fat pig happy, its eyes shining.

In the middle of the night, the pig began snoring as expected.

He really wanted to kill it.

On the second day, Ling Han and Huan Xue continued their journey halfway up the mountain.

There were no formations here to suppress them, but the natural dangers of mountains and rivers also made it difficult to travel, and were filled with danger. Furthermore, there were also powerful Demonic Beasts here, with many Ten Meridians and above, and some even of the Blood Transformation Tier.

There was nothing that could be done. The terrain here was too dangerous. It was difficult for the four great banners to set out here. Furthermore, how could true elites possibly come here?

Thus, there was no sign of anyone here at all.

However, the existence of the Nine Flames Grass here was only a myth. More than twenty years ago, when Huju City had just been established, a large number of elites had been dispatched to sweep through the surrounding area, and someone had discovered the Nine Flames Grass here.

More than twenty years had already passed, and who knew if there was still any Nine Flames Grass left. Who knows, amindst the drastic change in the environment, it might have already been destroyed.

The place was too big. Ling Han and Huan Xue tried their best to search for it, but if they wanted to scour this area, they wouldn't be able to do so without spending at least ten days to half a month's time.

It would take too long.

"Gu! Gu!" The little pink pig cried out.

"What are you doing?" Ling Han glared at it. This kind of perverted pig should be slaughtered and made into a roasted suckling pig.

"It's hungry," Huan Xue said softly. In just one or two days, she was already very familiar with the little pig, no, the little pink pig.

"Eat, eat, eat. All you know to do is eat." Ling Han wiped his mouth, "Why don't we just slaughter him and eat roasted suckling pig?"

"No, no!" Huan Xue hurriedly shook her head.

The little pink pig also glared angrily at Ling Han and howled, looking like it was facing an enemy.

"You only know how to eat, and only know how to lust. What use is there of you if not to be eaten?" Ling Han asked.

"Wu! Wu!" The little pink pig cried out at Ling Han, as if it could understand human language.

This pig was indeed quite interesting.

"Little Pig, you must prove that you are useful. Young Master does not like useless things." The little female attendant rubbed the little pink pig's head, and said earnestly.

Little pink pig expressed that it was very hurt. It was not a thing. Nêww 𝒄hapters will be fully updated at (n)ov(𝒆)l/bin(.)com

It raised its head proudly, looking like it could do anything.

"Yi, Little Pig, can you really do things?" Huan Xue asked in pleasant surprise.

"Gu, gu!" Little pink pig nodded vigorously.

F***, this pig had really gained intelligence.

"Little Pig, Young Master is looking for Nine Flames Grass. Do you know where to find it?" Huan Xue asked.

The little pink pig revealed a pondering expression. After a while, it let out a 'wu' and jumped out of Huan Xue's arms, running towards a specific direction.

Yi, this guy really knew where the Nine Flames Grass was?

Ling Han and Huan Xue followed him, but after taking a few steps, the little pink pig stopped moving. Its limbs were spread out, and it was sprawled out on the ground.

"What are you playing at now?" Ling Han asked.

"I'm tired," Huan Xue explained.

Tired just like that?

Ling Han looked at the distance that this damn pig had walked. It was no more than 300 meters, at most. F***, he was already so tired that he was sprawled out?

What a lazy pig.

"Let me carry you." Huan Xue Xue picked the little pink pig up.

"Gu—" The little fat pig let out a comfortable cry, rubbing its fat pig head against Huan Xue's chest. Its perverted appearance made Ling Han practically want to hit someone.

However, at least this lazy pig was not completely irresponsible. It stretched out its fat hoof and pointed ahead.

Huan Xue carried it away, while Ling Han followed behind.

The fat pig didn't point forward blindly. Sometimes, it would point to the left, and sometimes, it would point to the right. The path was extremely difficult to walk.

After about two hours, the fat pig finally stopped making a sound.

"Yi?" Ling Han was startled. A blade of grass appeared in front of him. It was about a foot long, and was completely crimson red in colour, and in a very large area around it, there was not a single weed growing.

Nine Flames Grass!

The Nine Flames Grass had a very unique trait, and that was how tall it grew. Then, in an area that was nine times as long as it was, there would be no other grass or trees growing, because in this kind of area, the land was inflamed, and nothing else could grow.

Had this damn fat pig really found the Nine Flames Grass?

Aside from being able to eat, sleep, and slack off, he could actually do some real things.

"You're quite useful. You didn't eat my food for nothing," Ling Han nodded.

He picked up the Nine Flames Grass and placed it into his luggage.

"Let's go back."

He smiled slightly. The mission this time was extraordinarily smooth. Just like that, he had harvested the Nine Flames Grass.

"What breed is this pig? It's quite capable," Ling Han said with a smile. He reached over to grab the fat pig.

"Wu—" The perverted pig let out a sharp cry, and dug itself into Huan Xue's chest.

However, with how big her chest area was, how was it supposed to hide?

Ling Han captured him in a single move.

The perverted pig continuously spat at Ling Han. Even though it was only so big, the amount of saliva it spat out was extremely shocking, as if it was raining heavily. Ling Han was caught off guard, and was instantly sprayed all over his head and face.

"F***, you damn pig, I'll kill you!" Ling Han was furious, and shot out a punch.

"Gu—" The little pink pig hurriedly struggled, but how could it manage to break free? Ling Han's punch landed solidly on it. However, this perverted pig was quite courageous. Not only did it not cower, its saliva spat out even more violently.

Peng, peng, peng! Ling Han threw a series of punches. Pu, pu, pu! The little pink pig was also spitting endlessly.

Finally, Ling Han stopped.

He tossed the perverted pig over to Huan Xue with a look of surprise on his face.

In the beginning, he hadn't used any power, but after a few punches, he had increased his power slightly. However, when his punches landed on the fat pig's body, it was as if they had landed on cotton, soft and without any force.

He continued to exert more strength, yet he was still unable to wound this perverted pig in the slightest.

Strange, this was extremely strange.

No wonder this guy was fat and round, yet was able to live so comfortably on the Great Green Mountains, and had not been picked up for a meal by any wild beast. Even if a Blood Transformation Tier-level Demonic Beast had come, it probably would not be able to do anything to its physique.

"Perverted pig, I've really underestimated you!"