Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3225 Strange Pig

The little pink pig let out snorts from its mouth, as if it was cursing Ling Han.

"Pervert, what other treasured medicines are here? Bring us to look for them," Ling Han said. This pig was unexpectedly useful.

The little pink pig ignored him, and instead buried itself into Huan Xue's chest, revealing only his round behind.

This scene was really enough to make one lose control, and want to have a roasted suckling pig.

"Little Pig, Young Master is a Grandmaster Alchemist, so if you know what treasured medicine there is, you had best tell Young Master," Huan Xue said from the sidelines.

The little pink piggy turned around, and surveyed Ling Han from head to toe. Suddenly, its stretched out its limbs, and it released a grunt. Its mockery was incredibly obvious.

Ling Han couldn't help but be speechless. In the Alchemy Society, who wouldn't respectfully call him Grandmaster Ling? But now? He was actually being mocked by a lecherous lazy pig.

Speaking of which, this pig was really strange.

The higher the strength of the Demonic Beast, the more intelligent it would become. Brother Monkey, for example, could speak the language of humans. If it was not for the fact that he was still monkey-like in appearance, what difference would he have with humans?

However, this pig clearly didn't have any abilities, yet it was as if he couldn't be killed. Moreover, his intelligence was also very high, so it was simply strange.

"All right, little piggy, just help Young Master Xue," Huan Xue continued.

The little pink pig instantly shuddered, as if he could not bear to ignore the gentle words of a beauty, and all the bones in his body had gone soft.

It stretched out its hoof and pointed in a direction. Ling Han and Huan Xue immediately advanced.

After walking for a while, they actually discovered an old ginseng.

This was a yellow ginseng, and it was at least 500 to 600 years old. It was brimming with vitality.

"A great tonic!" Ling Han's eyes lit up. Though he already had five Phoenix King Jade Fruits, after he broke through to Blood Transformation Tier, there would still be Second Change, Third Change and the like, so the more treasures to nourish his blood and Qi, the better.

"Fat pig, you're quite familiar with this place!" Ling Han said. If he and Huan Xue were to search, with how remote the place where this old ginseng grew was, they wouldn't be able to find it without two to three months.

He really couldn't tell. This pervert just shamelessly lay on the ground after taking just a few steps, and actually knew so much about this place?

"I'll call you Treasure Hunting Pig in future," Ling Han said with a smile.

The little pink pig showed a disdainful expression, appearing to be extremely disdainful of this title.

"Then what's your name?" Ling Han asked.

The little pink piggy turned its head and released a 'hu, hu, hu' sound, appearing to be extremely proud.

He really knew how to put on airs.

"Forget it, I'll just call you a perverted pig, or a lazy pig." Ling Han gave up the idea of naming this pig.

Under Huan Xue's gentle words, the little pink pig pointed in a specific direction again, but this time, it led the two of them towards the peak of Great Green Mountains.

After walking halfway up the mountains, Ling Han frowned deeply.

A terrifying pressure enveloped him, causing his heart to tremble. Huan Xue was even worse off. Her entire body was covered in cold sweat, and she trembled continuously.

Right at this moment, a purple light suddenly flickered around Ling Han's neck. Instantly, this pressure decreased considerably.

Yi, it was this purple pendant again.

This Li Changdan had really been astonishingly lucky to have picked up such a treasure. However, Li Changdan's luck was clearly over when he encountered his trait of misfortune. Otherwise, he wouldn't have died in his hands.

Ling Han scratched his head. He had both the attributes of super luck and super bad luck. If he was provoked, his attribute of bad luck would definitely be the one taking effect.

"Huan Xue, don't go any further," he said. The little female attendant couldn't withstand this kind of pressure at all.

Huan Xue stopped as he said. She indeed couldn't go on anymore. The reason why she could last until now was because Ling Han was by her side. This turned into a powerful belief.

Yet the little pink piggy was staring at Ling Han. To be more exact, it was staring at his neck.

Xiu, it pounced towards Ling Han.

However… it had clearly overestimated its jumping ability. It had only leaped halfway, when it fell from midair.

"Gu—" It released a squeal like a pig being slaughtered, yet was unable to stop its fate of falling heavily onto the ground.

Huan Xue was already weak in the knees, so it was impossible for her to move to catch him. However, while Ling Han was able to catch the little lazy pig in time, but when a perverted pig pounced over, he was disgusted to death. How could he possibly move to catch it?

Pa, the little pink pig fell onto the ground, and did not move at all.

"Little piggy!" Huan Xue hurriedly called out.

"Don't worry, he won't die," Ling Han said with a smile. This guy could even withstand the force of his punch, so how could he possibly die from a mere fal?

Yet this pig actually did not move in the slightest.

"Don't pretend to be pitiful. Hurry up and get up to do proper business." Ling Han nudged him with his foot.

"Hu! Hu! Hu!" He turned over, only to discover that the fat pig had already fallen asleep, snoring loudly.

How could he fall asleep after a fall?

Are you a f****** pig!

Er, it was indeed a pig.

However, with Ling Han's interference, the little pink pig also woke up. It once again stared at Ling Han's… neck, its eyes shining.

"What is it? Are you coveting my treasure?" Ling Han asked smilingly, and even took off the purple pendant. He was also very curious about the origins of this thing.

The little pink pig came over to take a look, and even smelt it with its nose. Then, it made a gesture that drove Ling Han crazy.

It began to spit at the purple pendant.

F***!

Ling Han hurriedly withdrew the pendant, "Fat pig, believe it or not, I will beat you into a dead pig!"

The little pink pig instantly revealed an expression of disdain, looking like it was saying 'Uncle Pig isn't afraid of you at all.'

It seemed that in the eyes of this pig, the purple pendant could not be considered any kind of treasure. Thus, it merely looked at it curiously, and then… began to spit in disdain.

This pig was definitely strange.

"Huan Xue, wait here. I'll bring this fat pig up," Ling Han said.

When the little pink pig heard this, it immediately spread out its limbs and clung onto Huan Xue's thigh. It was clear that it did not want to go with Ling Han.

This was disdain. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

How could Ling Han possibly care? He forcefully grabbed the little pink pig.

This lecherous pig was very durable, but its power was extremely weak. How could it be a match for Ling Han, causing it to release a terrible cry.

Ling Han continued to walk up the mountain with the little pink pig. The purple pendant on his neck glowed, resisting the pressure on the mountain. Even so, the higher up the mountain, the more terrifying the pressure was. Soon, Ling Han also began to sweat.

Ka, ka, ka. His joints released explosive cracking sounds. This should not be some kind of formation, but rather the aura left behind by an elite. There was no way to resolve it. If you yourself were strong, you would be able to match or ignore this kind of pressure. If you were not strong enough, you could only sprawl out on the ground in defeat.

On the other hand, the little pink pig seemed to be completely fine, as if it was immune to this kind of pressure.

This fat pig would occasionally glance at Ling Han, its eyes filled with mockery and disdain.

"One day, I'll cook you into a roast pig!" Ling Han said.

"Gu, gu, gu!" The little pink pig retorted sarcastically, though it only called out like this back and forth.

"I can't be bothered to deal with you." Ling Han carried the little pink pig and continued walking. The terrifying pressure became stronger and stronger, and his speed also became slower and slower. The popping sound of his joints sounded like broad beans were being stir-fried.

Yi!