Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3226 Shattered ancient site

Ling Han was surprised, because a flight of stairs had actually appeared in front of him. Furthermore, it was made of high grade jade, exuding a gentle brilliance.

There were no steps at the foot of the mountain. Instead, there were steps halfway up the mountain?

No matter what, it made no sense.

Ling Han raised his head and looked forward. Vaguely, he could see some blurry structures ahead of him, but could not see them clearly.

Were those buildings left behind by the civilization of the last era?

After the drastic change of heaven and earth, the ground had cracked open, causing a great many ancient structures to reappear. Thus, this mountain peak used to be underground, and it may be that it had just appeared. Otherwise, it should be very difficult for an old ginseng that was five to six hundred years old to appear here.

Ancient sites usually represented great fortune!

Ling Han kept feeling that the present path of martial arts was only the beginning, and this judgement came from the alchemical pills.

Even if he was the Alchemy Emperor, and was incredibly sensitive about alchemy, he should not have been able to concoct a pill recipe just by looking at it, and succeed in a single attempt at that.

There was only one explanation for this, and that was the pill recipe was too low-grade. That was why he could understand it with a single glance, and could also make modifications very quickly.

And who would this alchemical pill be used by?

Of course, it was the current martial artists, whether it was Meridian Opening Tier martial artists, Blood Transformation Tier martial artists, or Extreme Bone Tier martial artists.

Thus, Ling Han could deduce that the current level of cultivation was also very, very low. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

The lower the cultivation level of martial arts, the faster the rate of improvement. For example, Ling Han could use the rich man's formation to complete the cultivation of One Meridian in half a day. At a higher cultivation level, this was unimaginable.

Then, if he could discover a high-level ancient site from the civilization of the last era, he may be able to immediately become an elite above Extreme Bone Tier. Most importantly, his spiritual power would be improved, allowing him to reunite with his family.

His heart throbbed wildly, and he took a step, stepping onto the steps.

Weng, a massive power rebounded back. Peng, Ling Han's whole person was instantly thrown backwards, landing solidly on the ground.

"Gururururu!" The little pink pig was laughing so hard that it was rolling over, its four short legs kicking madly. It was practically demented in its laughter.

"I've decided, I'll eat roasted suckling pig now!" Ling Han said fiercely.

The little pink piggy wasn't afraid of him at all, and looked him in the eye.

Ling Han chuckled, and said, "Do you think that I can't do anything to you just because you can endure a beating?"

The little pink pig showed a hint of confusion. Then what else can you do?

Ling Han grabbed the little pink pig's short tail and lifted it upside down.

"Gu—" The little pink pig immediately screamed in pain. Its head was upside down, and it was very easy for its brain to be filled with blood.

Ling Han climbed the steps again, but he was still bounced back, and fell solidly with the pig.

Forget it, he wouldn't go head-on.

Ling Han avoided the flight of stairs and walked to the side.

There was no path here. The mountain rocks were rugged, and added with the massive pressure, it was similarly not easy to walk. However, at least there was no power rebounding from beneath their feet, so they could still climb up. It was just that their speed would be slightly slower.

Ling Han slowly walked up the mountain. After taking a few steps, he would stop to catch his breath. This pressure was really terrifying, but he had walked all the way here from the Genesis World, so what was a little bit of pressure worth?

Even the little pink pig was moved. This human that it had initially looked down on actually had such toughness.

Admittedly, one needed natural talent to break through to the pinnacle of martial arts, but in truth, tenacious willpower was even more important. There were many top-tier prodigies that had died on the path of breaking through. Most of the reason was because their resilience was not strong enough, and they had not been able to grit their teeth and survive.

He seemed to have underestimated this ugly human.

After spending half a day's time, Ling Han finally saw the structure ahead of him.

He was surprised.

This was indeed a group of buildings in the past, belonging to some force of the previous civilization, but now, most of the structures had been damaged. In fact, corpses could even be seen on the ground. They had long since turned into bones, but the clothes they were wearing were still present, which was very strange.

Now that he was here, the pressure was even greater. Ling Han really had no way to advance any further.

He observed carefully, searching for the source of the pressure.

"Gu—" The little pink pig suddenly pointed in a direction.

Ling Han looked over, yet he didn't see anything. "Pervert, what do you want me to see?"

Pa, the little pink pig slapped him, and Ling Han's eyes immediately became clear.

He saw a deep sword mark in the distance. It was the terrifying murderous aura emitted by the sword mark that formed a pressure that enveloped the entire mountain.

Hold on, why do I know that this is a mark left by a sword?

A doubt flashed through Ling Han's mind. That was only a thick mark. Saber, spear, sword, and even the palm of his hand could leave behind this kind of mark, so why was he so sure that it was a sword mark?

He looked towards the little pink pig.

That scene was what the little pink pig had let him see, so it was very likely that this was also the little pink pig's own judgement.

"Perverted pig, how many secrets are you hiding?" Ling Han picked up the little pink pig.

"Gu!" The little pink pig didn't even look at him directly, but it immediately paid a price for it, and was thrown out by Ling Han.

Ling Han looked up the mountain again, and murmured, "I can't go up, but can I find something good in the surroundings?"

He could not enter into this massive group of buildings, and could only walk in a circle. Not long after, he discovered a broken sword that was very close to him. It was about six meters away, and was not on the path paved with jade either.

Would he be able to succeed?

He tried to walk forward, but after taking two steps, he felt a salty taste in his throat, and spluttered out a mouthful of blood.

No, no, if he continued, that would only be courting death.

Ling Han retreated, and the little pink pig glanced at him disdainfully, looking like it was waiting for him to beg for its help.

Pei!

Ling Han tried to pull the sword back with a twig or something, but it was useless. Anything that came close to that sword would immediately be shattered.

Was there really nothing he could do? Could he only ask that perverted pig for help?

"Gu!" The little pink pig was shamelessly high-spirited, looking like it was definitely going to make Ling Han submit.

A thought flashed in Ling Han's mind, and he released his Spiritual Power.

At his level, his Spiritual Power could only control the formation patterns, and in terms of power, he could only lift a few books at most.

However, this should be enough to "drag" the sword back.

Ling Han immediately released his Spiritual Power. This wasn't affected by the pressure, and it immediately wrapped around the hilt of the sword. Then, it turned into a hand and pulled forcefully.

Qiang, the broken sword let out a sound, moving slightly in his direction.

Yi, what was going on here?

The little pink pig revealed an astounded expression. It looked towards Ling Han, and suddenly came to a realization.

Spiritual Power.

This human actually cultivated Spiritual power when he was only in the Meridian Opening Tier?

Humph, this was quite interesting.

When Ling Han saw that it was possible, his confidence naturally soared. He once again hooked the broken sword with his spiritual power. Qiang, the broken sword moved slightly towards him again.

Qiang, qiang, qiang. The broken sword could only move a few inches every time, but slowly and steadily, it was getting closer and closer to Ling Han.

Half an hour later, it had already appeared at Ling Han's feet.

Success!