Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3227 Obtaining treasures

Woosh! The little pink pig suddenly scrambled out, mouth wide open as it bit down on the broken handle. Soon after, it ran away.

It ran a few steps before turning around, revealing a smile at Ling Han, as if to say, 'Come and chase me.'

Ling Han was completely unconcerned. He simply folded his arms.

The little pink pig was furious, and continued to run. However, after running a few steps, it began to pant, and directly collapsed to the ground.

He could no longer run.

Ling Han walked over and easily snatched the broken sword from the little pink pig's mouth.

"Lazy pig, you're really too weak."

The little pink piglet was indescribably indignant, and grunted.

Ling Han carefully examined this broken sword. There were many veined patterns on the blade, which were somewhat similar to the formation patterns he had learnt, but were far more complicated. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Strictly speaking, it was more similar to that great formation of the Ancient Dao Sect. He had once dug out three formation foundations and studied them carefully.

Could it still be used?

Ling Han brandished the broken sword in an attempt to cut a stone, and a shocking scene appeared. This broken sword was incredibly sharp, and with a single slash, the stone was sliced apart like tofu.

"From this aspect alone, it could be called a precious treasure."

"A Blood Transformation Tier's body has been tempered by mystical power, thereby resulting in a sturdy physique that can practically ignore even firearms. However, if one is struck by this sword, it's guaranteed that their bones will immediately break."

"Hold on, there's something like formation patterns on it, can it be activated?"

"If it's possible, then what should I do? I don't know whether these are formation patterns or something else."

"That's not right. In battle, the situation would change drastically at the drop of a hat, and a single moment's thought could decide life and death. What time would there be for someone to slowly activate the formation patterns?"

Ling Han's eyes lit up, Spiritual Power!"

He once again extended his Spiritual Power, which surged into the sword's blade. However, the broken sword did not react at all.

"It's not that there's no reaction, but my Spiritual Power is too weak. I'll strengthen it a little more."

Ling Han continuously strengthened his release of Spiritual Power, but right until he had almost completely poured out his Spiritual Power did a seal on the broken sword light up slightly. Woosh! A visible flash of Sword Qi was shot out. It was green in colour.

Peng! Peng! Peng! Peng!

The Sword Qi swept by, and the rocks along the way shattered one after another. Only when the Sword Qi reached a range of 30 meters did it disappear on its own.

"F*ck! So powerful!" Ling Han exclaimed in astonishment.

Even if he now had thousands of kilograms of strength, the distance at which his power could be released was still only nine meters, and had not increased. However, the Sword Qi that this broken sword shot out could reach as far as thirty meters, and its might was even more terrifying.

He had picked up a treasure, he really had.

Ling Han revealed a happy smile. He had only activated one seal, and there were still four complete seals on the broken sword. If they could all be activated, just how powerful would the broken sword be?

The little pink pig revealed a disdainful expression. It was just a broken sword, so what was there to be proud of? The human looked as if he had obtained a treasure.

"Pervert, if you dare to spit at me in the future, I'll really kill you and prepare a feast." Ling Han brandished the broken sword.

The little pink pig showed a disdainful expression, looking completely arrogant like it was a lord pig that didn't care at all.

F***, why was this pig's expression so despicable?

Could it be that its defenses were so strong that even this broken sword could do nothing against it?

Ling Han lightly swiped his sword across the little pink pig's body. As expected, the pig's skin seemed to be smooth and unaffected, and the broken sword didn't cause any damage.

He activated his Spiritual Power again and unleashed Sword Qi.

Plop. The little pink pig was flipped over a few times by Sword Qi, but it was still undamaged.

This time, Ling Han was truly stunned.

He was sure that the destructive power of the broken sword was at least on the level of the Fifth Change in Blood Transformation Tier. In fact, it had even reached the Extreme Bone Tier. Yet, it had not even managed to slice off a single hair of this perverted pig, which showed how astonishing this pig was.

"What breed are you?" Ling Han picked up this pig, his face filled with curiosity.

His defenses were astonishing, but his battle prowess was only trash. After running a few steps, he would be out of breath. All he knew was how to eat and act like a pervert. With so many unique traits added together, Ling Han could not imagine that there would be such an existence.

The little pink pig spat at Ling Han. How dare this human hit this Lord Pig until like some kind of stuffed animal; this was really too despicable.

Ling Han grabbed the little pink pig and headed downhill.

If this perverted pig was allowed to enter into that group of buildings, he would probably be able to find even more treasures, but the problem was, with this guy's laziness, would it be willing to take anything out?

—Even if it was very diligent, just because of its present relationship with Ling Han, would this pig be willing to go?

The answer was obviously negative.

Ling Han wasn't in a hurry either. It was easy to get swept off by excitement in the beginning, but there were countless ancient sites from the last civilization. There would be plenty of opportunities in the future.

To say nothing else, he already knew that the Jade Dragon Bone Mine of the Ancient Dao Sect had a historical site of the last era in its depths .

It was difficult to ascend the mountain, but it was easy to descend the mountain. Very soon, he met his little handmaiden, and the two of them continued to descend the mountain, returning to Huju City.

The perverted pig also followed. It was nestling in Huan Xue's arms, unwilling to leave no matter what.

Alright, this pig may be useful.

After entering into the city, that fat pig's eyes immediately lit up. There were young women everywhere of all sorts, making this pig seem as if it had been pumped full of adrenaline, as it continuously let out pig snorts. This was utterly embarrassing.

"Miss Huan Xue!" Not long after they entered the city, a group of five young men and women caught up to them.

Er, it was the group of five that Huan Xue had saved from the Great Green Mountains.

Huan Xue hugged the little pink pig, looking very careful and vigilant. These five people were so terrifying. They actually wanted her to leave Young Master!

"Gu!" The little pink pig set its eyes on the two young girls, and while Huan Xue wasn't paying attention, it escaped from prison and pounced at one of the young girls.

However, it had obviously forgotten how little explosive power its four short legs had. It had only pounced halfway, when its figure slid down, and fell harshly onto the ground.

"Wa, such a cute piglet." When the two young girls saw it, their eyes immediately lit up.

It had to be admitted that the appearance of this little pink pig was indeed very deceptive.

Ling Han grabbed that lecherous pig back, and asked, "Why is it the five of you again?"

"Humph, we're going to save Miss Huan Xue!" the five of them said at the same time, looking like envoys of justice.

"Why don't you go back home and play in the mud?" Ling Han took the lead and left.

"Don't even think of leaving." The five of them hurriedly surrounded him.

Ling Han gave a light push, and with the release of his power, the five of them instantly fell to the ground, but they were not injured.

He strode forward, and Huan Xue hurriedly followed behind him. She too wanted to stay further away from these five people.

"What do we do?" a youth asked.

"Follow them first, see where they live, and then call for reinforcements," the older youth said.

"All right."

The five of them followed sneakily behind Ling Han and Huan Xue. Soon, they arrived at the Alchemist Society.

"Yi, why is it here?"

"Could it be that that despicable guy is an alchemist?"

"Even so, we can't let Miss Huan Xue fall into his evil grasp."

"Come, let's go back and get reinforcements."