Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3228 Huan Xue's Disappearance

Ling Han returned to his residence, and carefully put away the Nine Flames Grass and Yellow Ginseng.

This could only be used in the future. Now, he naturally had to store tehm well, to avoid the loss of the medicinal effects.

After Huan Xue got that perverted pig, she was very happy. Ling Han couldn't be bothered to care either. He began to cultivate in seclusion, preparing to break through to the Blood Transformation Tier.

He naturally knew that crossing over a major tier was definitely not something that could be done in a short period of time. Still, he couldn't waste time, right?

There were still five days until the deadline that the old man had said.

What major event would happen five days later?

He would just have to wait and see.

Ling Han had a lot of confidence now. Firstly, his battle prowess was already comparable to the Blood Transformation Tier's Third Change. Secondly, he also had the broken sword which could actually match an Extreme Bone Tier's attack with its Sword Qi upon activation.

He went into seclusion, searching for an opportunity to break through. For a madman of martial arts like him, he naturally would not waste a single second.

Blood Transformation Tier was a qualitative leap compared to Meridian Opening, but it was also extremely difficult to break through.

The greatest characteristic of First Change was transforming the blood in one's body into purple blood. However, this was only a byproduct of the change. What had truly changed was the essence of life. Because the essence had changed drastically, it had also caused a change in the blood.

But how was he supposed to attain the qualitative change of Blood Transformation Tier?

No one could explain clearly. This could only be comprehended by oneself. For things like exploring meridians, it was impossible that anyone could give you any guidance either, explaining how you should do it. You could only rely on yourself.

Ling Han naturally had confidence in himself. There were so many Blood Transformation Tier warriors in this world. Besides, he had even opened up a hundred meridians. How could it be that he would still be unable to break through to Blood Transformation Tier?

The problem was, how much time did he need?

One day, two days, three days… Time slowly crept by. However, Ling Han didn't receive any inspiration or enlightenment. He remained at the level of Twenty Meridians.

Of course, his Twenty Meridians was completely different from other Twenty Meridians. He had opened up too many small branches, so it wouldn't be strange for him to be called a Hundred Meridians.

Ling Han came out of seclusion. There were still two days until that "big day". He could no longer continue his seclusion.

He wanted to get some food, but he couldn't find Huan Xue anywhere, which was strange to him.

Where had that little girl gone?

When he still hadn't seen Huan Xue at night, Ling Han finally felt that something was off.

He asked around, and apparently Huan Xue left with a fat pig in the morning.

She had left in the morning, and had not returned yet?

What had happened?

Ling Han mobilized the members of the Alchemist Society to search for Huan Xue.

Though the Alchemist Society were all alchemists by profession, every one of them had a very wide network. It could not be helped. Everyone liked alchemical pills, and the status of alchemists was naturally very out of the ordinary. There were a great many bootlickers.

Soon, the whereabouts of Huan Xue throughout the day were investigated one by one.

—In the morning, she first went to the bun shop, and ate nine baskets.

En, it must have been ordered by that fat pig. The little handmaiden did not have such a big appetite.

—Then, they went shopping. At noon, they went to Four Seas Star Restaurant, and ordered eighteen dishes.

Oh little pig, how could you eat so much?

—In the afternoon, they continued shopping, but when it was around three o'clock, Huan Xue and the pig suddenly disappeared.

'Suddenly disappeared?'

Ling Han immediately moved, arriving at the location where Huan Xue had been reported to have disappeared.

This was a small alley.

Ling Han took out the jade-coloured toad, and immediately, the toad croaked towards the northwest.

Ling Han leaped up and headed in that direction.

After walking for a while, he took out the toad to calibrate the direction.

Just like that, half an hour later, he stopped in front of a mansion.

Huan Xue was inside.

Ling Han didn't think that this was just any building that lay in front of him, and Huan Xue was further down the course. That was because the words "Hu Manor" were written on the plaque of this mansion.

It was Hu Qiu.

Under Zhong Yangbi's "guidance", this guy discovered Huan Xue's natural talent in alchemy, and immediately wanted to turn Huan Xue into his eighth concubine. However, due to the power of Mercy Medicine Hall, he didn't dare to act recklessly.

And now, was he finally unable to hold back his claws?

Ling Han walked towards the main doors. When he was close enough, the two guards at the doors looked towards him at the same time, and shouted, "Halt!"

"Yi, Ling Han!" A guard recognized him. This was the newly promoted champion of the martial arts tournament, an existence that had defeated Tuoba Tianhuang.

"So it's Captain Ling." The other guard raised his clasped hands in Ling Han's direction, "We are honored by your presence. What brings you here?"

Though Ling Han's natural talent in martial arts was freakish, his status was not high — mainly because the news that he had become a high-level alchemist had yet to spread. Thus, these two people could only address him as Ling Han's position in the Xuanqing Banner.

In front of the Hu Clan, to say nothing of being a Xuanqing Banner's deputy captain, evena captain wasn't a big deal, unless it was Lian Xuerong who was here.

Ling Han said calmly, "I'm here to find someone — en, it should be two people."

"If I may ask, Captain Ling, who are you looking for?" the first guard asked.

"My maid, Huan Xue, and your Young Master Hu Qiu," Ling Han said.

Looking for Young Master Hu Xiu?

The first guard shook his head, and said with a smile, "How could Captain Ling's maid be in our residence? As for the Ninth Young Master, he is going to take a concubine today and should not have the time to see Captain Ling."

Take a concubine? As expected!

How audacious!

Ling Han set off, heading towards the Hu Manor.

"Stop right there!" the first guard called out. Seeing that Ling Han had no intention of stopping, he looked towards the other person. The two of them drew back their hands at the same time, and delivered a palm strike at Ling Han with their sheathed sabers.

Ling Han casually parried, and peng, peng, the two guards immediately lay face up on the ground, groaning and moaning, unable to get up.

Of course, this was because he had held back. Otherwise, he would have been able to turn the two of them into mincemeat with a single strike.

"Stop, stop right there!" the two guards moaned. This was the only thing they could do now.

Ling Han strode forwards. This Hu Qiu was really outrageously bold, daring to even touch his little female attendant.

"Yi, why are you here?" As they were walking, they saw a young man suddenly walk towards them, an expression of surprise on his face.

Ling Han was also slightly surprised, because this young man was one of the five people who was determined to "save" Huan Xue.

He was a member of the Hu Clan?

"Why can't I be here?" Ling Han asked with a smile.

"Miss Huan Xue isn't here. Hurry up and leave." The young man waved his hand repeatedly.

Wasn't this akin to confessing to his own sins? Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Was Huan Xue's disappearance related to him?

"Is that right?" Ling Han asked casually, but continued to walk forwards.

"Hey, hey, hey, what are you doing?" The young man stopped him.

Ling Han merely gave a light push with his hand, and the youth was pushed to the side. The power gap was too wide.

He continued to walk forward, his speed extremely fast.

'You want to marry my little female attendant? Have you gotten my agreement?'

"Hey! Hey! Hey!" The youth continued his pursuit. His determination was quite strong.

However, though he had ran as fast as he could, he could not catch up to Ling Han no matter what. He could only shout in vain from behind.

It wasn't long before the guards of the Hu Residence appeared before them.

"Stop him! Stop him!" the youth hurriedly shouted.