Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

3241 Bloody Battle
However, compared to the Thousand Lotus Mountain, this Demonic Beast was slightly larger, and its spiritual control was even stronger.

The previous Demonic Beast had just broken through to the Blood Transformation Tier, so this one was at least at the Second Change or Third Change.

No wonder there was a beast tide. This was caused by a spirit control-type Demonic Beast. It or they could control powerful Demonic Beasts and use these powerful Demonic Beasts to command smaller Demonic Beasts. Thus, the beast tide was formed.

However, how many of these Demonic Beasts were there?

Ling Han immediately wielded his sword and charged towards the spirit control-type Demonic Beast. With a slash of his sword, shua, Sword Qi shot out like a rainbow.

That Demonic Beast hurriedly dodged. It specialized in spirit control, and hand-to-hand combat was not its forte. Furthermore, its physical body was also much weaker than that of ordinary Demonic Beasts.

It couldn’t be helped. You gained some, you lose some.

It no longer attempted to control Ling Han, and instead unleashed a spiritual attack, intending to annihilate Ling Han’s spirit.

The spiritual attack had no distance to speak of. With a mere thought, the attack had arrived. Like a sharp awl, it ruthlessly stabbed towards Ling Han.

The purple pendant lit up on its own, forming the first barrier, blocking a portion of the power of the spiritual attack. However, the rest still charged towards Ling Han with incomparable sharpness.

Weng, Ling Han felt a sharp pain in his head, and almost lost his footing, falling off the elephant’s head.

He quickly exerted his weight downwards to stabilize his body.

However, right at this moment, that Demonic Beast had already charged over and clawed at his neck.

…It’s close quarters combat ability was indeed not as useful as spiritual power, but it was still in the Blood Transformation Tier, so if it clawed Ling Han like this, Ling Han’s throat would definitely be torn open.

Ling Han shouted softly, and barely managed to use the broken sword as a block in front of him.

That Demonic Beast seemed to have sensed the terror of this broken sword, and hurriedly shifted its body to the side to avoid a head-on confrontation. However, a wave of force still struck Ling Han’s chest. Chi, his clothes immediately shattered, leaving five wounds on Ling Han’s chest, as if he had been clawed.

Both sides stood still. The Demonic Beast had a mocking look on its face, as well as a strong sense of arrogance.

Demonic Beasts had all attained intelligence. As for spirit control-type beasts like it, its intelligence was even higher. Other than not being able to speak, it was probably smarter than most people.

In its eyes, Ling Han was its meal, and now it was just a cat toying with a mouse.

The tentacles all over its body lit up and launched another spiritual attack.

Without any hesitation, Ling Han immediately activated the Blood Divine Crystal in his possession. Instantly, his spiritual power received a tremendous boost, completely blocking the shockwave from the Demonic Beast.

This Blood Divine Crystal was obtained from a Blood Transformation Tier Demonic Beast. Even if its abilities were inferior, it was at least on the same level. Coupled with Ling Han’s own spiritual power, it was naturally enough to fight against that Demonic Beast.

He blocked the blow.

The Demonic Beast clearly revealed a look of surprise. In its opinion, after Ling Han took this attack, he would definitely have a splitting headache, and his battle prowess would plummet. If it took the opportunity to attack again, it would be able to severely injure Ling Han.

However, the current outcome made it feel strange. How could this be?

Ling Han humphed, and the broken sword slashed down again.

Xiu, the Sword Qi slashed out, but it reached a foot and two inches long.

His spiritual power had been enhanced, and the Sword Qi he triggered had also been enhanced.

The Demonic Beast hurriedly dodged, but not only was the Sword Qi longer now, but it was also faster. Even if it used all its strength to dodge, it was unable to completely dodge. More than ten tentacles were instantly cut off.

It was in so much pain that it let out a blood-curdling scream. Its violent spiritual power surged, causing the giant elephant below it to go crazy as well. It stepped randomly, causing countless Demonic Beasts to suffer great misfortune and be trampled into meat paste.

However, this was already Huju City. There were scattered houses below that had been trampled to pieces. If the people inside had not escaped long ago, they would definitely have been crushed along with the houses.

“Damn it!” Ling Han drew his sword again. He wanted to kill this Demonic Beast once and for all.

Under normal circumstances, it was impossible for him to kill this Demonic Beast. However, he had a Blood Divine Crystal that could withstand the spiritual attack of this Demonic Beast. Furthermore, the power of the broken sword had also increased greatly under the enhancement of the Blood Divine Crystal.

The most terrifying aspect of a spirit control-type Demonic Beast was its spirit control and spiritual attack. If these two aspects were ineffective against Ling Han, then this Demonic Beast’s battle prowess would be much weaker than other Demonic Beasts of the same level.

Ling Han naturally had the upper hand in this battle, and had also shaved off many of the Demonic Beast’s tentacles.

The Demonic Beast let out a shrill cry, as if it was crying out in pain, but also as if it was calling for reinforcements.
Ling Han continuously brandished his sword. He wanted to kill this Demonic Beast as soon as possible. Being able to use its spirit to control others, this threat was too great.

Shua, shua, shua! Sword Qi slashed through the air, forcing the Demonic Beast into a desperate situation.

Ling Han was just about to strike again to end its life, but a strong chill suddenly rose up. He hurriedly stopped his sword, and tilted his head to the side.

Shua, a sharp force swept past, and a black shadow streaked across the sky. It was a ferocious bird covered in black scales. Its claws seemed to be made of refined iron, emitting a metallic cold light.

A lingering fear rose in Ling Han’s heart. If his reaction had been just a little slower, his head would probably have been crushed by this ferocious bird.

This Demonic Beast was truly insidious. On the surface, it looked like it had been forced into a desperate situation by Ling Han, but it merely wanted Ling Han to be careless. Then, the sudden attack of the ferocious bird would be able to succeed and kill him in one go.

‘Die!’

Ling Han charged out again. This kind of spirit-type Demonic Beast was truly too terrifying. He had to kill it as soon as possible.

He continuously slashed out with his sword, and Sword Qi crisscrossed as he slashed towards that Demonic Beast.

Shua, the bird of prey attacked again.

“You still want to plot against me?” Ling Han slashed out with his sword. Shua, Sword Qi slashed towards that ferocious bird.

This was a Demonic Beast at the Blood Transformation Tier. Its skin and flesh was thick. However, if it was slashed by Sword Qi, it would definitely be cut in half.

The Demonic Beast let out a cry. Its wings folded slightly and changed its flight trajectory. However, it was still swept by the Sword Qi’s tail. Immediately, feathers danced chaotically in the sky.Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

The Demonic Beast suddenly lowered its body and dived down.

This was the action of pouncing on its prey, but from the angle it was charging down, it was clearly some distance away from Ling Han.

What was going on?

Ling Han immediately reacted. It was not that this Demonic Beast’s accuracy was too far off, but that it was not targetting him at all.

It wanted to grab that spirit-type Demonic Beast.

If it was really captured by it, then how would Ling Han be able to attack when it was soaring through the air?

‘Trying to run?’

Ling Han humphed, and his figure shot out, his broken sword slashing wildly.

Sword Qi filled the sky, forcing the Demonic Beast to be unable to land. Meanwhile, Ling Han took the opportunity to wildly bombard the spirit-type Demonic Beast.

With one punch, 20 layers of power were stacked.

That Demonic Beast only had two choices. It could either take on the Sword Qi head-on, or it could take on the force of Ling Han’s fist.

It instinctively didn’t want to touch either, but it had no choice. It had to choose one.

Then it would definitely choose the less harmful one.

It faced Ling Han’s punch, but as soon as it came into contact with it, the tentacles all over its body split open, and it let out a sharp cry.

If it could speak, there would definitely be a series of curses.

F*ck, how could a Meridian Opening Tier cultivator possess such terrifying power?

It had been tricked.