Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3250 Imperial Capital Academy

Ling Han was astounded. Yan Jun really had a long life. Even if he was a prodigy in formations, he was only in the Meridian Opening Tier after all, yet he had managed to escape?

This was unreasonable.

However, this was good too. He could settle it himself.

Ling Han no longer paid attention to Yan Jun. Back then, he had never taken Yan Jun seriously, and now, he would even more so not take him to heart.

He discovered that almost all the Extreme Bone Tier-level clans had escaped. Not all of them, that was impossible, but there were at least a dozen of them. On the contrary, there were few people that had escaped from Blood Transformation Tier-level clans.

For example, in order to send Tuoba Tianhuang out, the Tuoba Clan had even lost two Blood Transformation Tier elites.

It was precisely because of this that Ling Han found it strange. How did Yan Jun escape?

The formations and alchemy associations were almost completely annihilated. Ling Han discovered that the only one who came out alive was really just Yan Jun.

Alchemists had weak battle prowess, and their ability to battle an opponent in the same cultivation level was too horrible to look at. Thus, it wasn't strange for the Alchemy Association to be completely annihilated. However, those people in the Formations Association should be slightly stronger, so why couldn't any of them escape?

Ling Han didn't know how old geezer Niu was doing, but he was a little worried. He had no feelings for others, but he was still somewhat grateful to old geezer Niu.

"And Mo Guohao, he actually didn't make it out either." Ling Han shook his head, feeling that it was a pity.

In short, it was really terrible for Huju City this time. There were a total of more than 400,000 people, and only a hundred people might have escaped alive.

This matter naturally alarmed the court and caused a huge uproar, but Ling Han believed that it should not be able to find anything related to that mysterious force.

'Alright, focus on yourself first.'

Ling Han had been wondering why he still hadn't broken through to the Blood Transformation Tier, and he gradually had a clue.

If it was an ordinary person, let alone a month, there was actually no need to be anxious even if it had been ten years. This was because the leap from Meridian Opening to Blood Transformation Tier was as difficult as ascending to the heavens. However, Ling Han's expectations for himself were too high, and he also had a strong desire for strength.

He had not been cultivating for the past few days. Instead, he was deep in thought.

He speculated that the reason why he had not broken through for a long time was not because his comprehension was insufficient, but because his physique had not reached the standard. It was because there were a few times when he could clearly take that step, but he stopped because of some scruples in his heart.

"My goal is to be the strongest. Therefore, when I sincerely think that I still have some flaws, at this juncture of breaking through, this will become an internal demon and stop me from taking this step."

"There's only one way to eliminate the internal demon, and that is to make myself perfect."

"I want to improve my physique." UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Ling Han restarted his research on the Indestructible Heaven's Scroll. Previously, he already had some clues, and after careful consideration, he already had a perfect idea.

"Body tempering requires a lot of materials."

"I can concoct a medicinal bath that can increase the strength of the skin, muscles, and bones."

He immediately went to the pharmacy to buy materials.

This was formulated using the Indestructible Heaven's Scroll combined with the medicinal ingredients here. There were a few medicinal ingredients that were frighteningly expensive. Even 50g was valued at hundreds of thousands of Dark North Coins. Although Ling Han had earned some money afterwards, he still could not afford many sets of ingredients.

"I have to keep making money."

Ling Han bought a few sets of materials, and was almost out of money. He shook his head, feeling that he was so poor.

He returned to the hotel and began to mix the medicinal bath ingredients.

He didn't need to refine it. He just needed to boil it. However, it took longer. After more than four hours, he finally obtained a pot of black liquid. The smell was extremely pungent.

Ling Han poured the medicinal soup into the bathtub. Without waiting for it to cool down, he immediately sat in it.

The hotter it was, the better the body tempering effect.

He channeled the improved version of the Indestructible Heaven's Scroll and absorbed the energy in the medicinal bath to strengthen his skin.

It was still not enough to strengthen his flesh and blood, though. That was a matter to be considered for the future.

As he continued to absorb the essence in the medicinal bath, the liquid also became clearer and clearer from its original black color. Three hours later, there was only a faint gray color left, and the pungent smell had completely disappeared.

"My skin has become much tougher." Ling Han nodded, and used a small knife to lightly cut his skin. However, the skin only caved in slightly, and did not break open.

It wasn't until he stabbed hard that the tip of the knife sank in and a bloody spot appeared.

The effect of the first time of body tempering was the best because it was strengthening almost from scratch. Of course, the improvement was huge.

Unfortunately, just like how alchemical pills could not be eaten continuously, body tempering was the same. This was because the medicinal dregs would seep into the skin and time was required to naturally expel them. This was far longer than the time needed if he were to consume them.

For example, he could eat one Mystical Power Pill every day, and he could only take a medicinal bath once every three days.

"Unless there are natural treasures that have no side effects and can be continuously consumed."

Ling Han sighed. 'Don't let your imagination run wild. Just focus on refining pills and earning money.' Even if he could only take a medicinal bath once every three days, the ingredients in his hands wouldn't be able to sustain him for more than a few times.

"Young Master, Young Master." Huan Xue ran in hurriedly. Of course, she was still carrying the lecherous pig in her arms.

"What's wrong?" Ling Han asked. He told Huan Xue to walk around the city regularly to get some information.

"Look." Huan Xue handed him a piece of paper.

Ling Han took it and took a look. It stated that from today onwards, the Imperial Capital Academy would begin to accept registrations, and the selection would begin in ten days.

Imperial Capital Academy, what the hell was this?

"Young Master, the Imperial Capital Academy is the most powerful academy in the entire Dark North Nation." The little handmaiden had obviously asked around. She explained, "In the past, the Imperial Capital Academy only recruited students from noble clans. This is the first time that it has made an exception to recruit students from outside."

"Also, the selection is to enter an ancient formation to find the Red Clouds Stone. This is a sacred item for body refinement and is extremely precious."

"It's said that this is the will of the Sacred Emperor. In the future, he might even go to the academy to personally guide us."

Hmm?

Red Clouds Stone, a great medicine for body tempering!

Ling Han's eyes immediately lit up. Would he really be getting what he just happened to lack?

He turned on the optical computer and searched for information about the Red Clouds Stone. This was indeed a body-tempering sacred object. There was no need for it to be concocted into medicine either. As long as it was placed on the flesh, the mysterious power in the stone would automatically enter the body, strengthening the vitality of the cells and achieving the effect of body-tempering.

It was said that one of the four great generals, General Vajra, had obtained a Red Clouds Stone that was as tall as a person at the beginning of the upheaval of heaven and earth. He slept on it every day and finally cultivated an invincible physique.

However, such an opportunity was only at the beginning of the drastic change. The probability of finding the Red Clouds Stone now was extremely low, and it was very dangerous.

A look of surprise appeared on Ling Han's face. If he could obtain enough Red Clouds Stones, then he would be able to complete the first part of body tempering and break through to the Blood Transformation Tier.

Had his luck attribute shown its might?

"Let's sign up."

He immediately took Huan Xue and set off. After leaving the hotel, he called a car directly to save time and effort.

Half an hour later, they arrived at the Imperial Capital Academy.

The entire Imperial Capital was in the shape of a dragon baring its fangs and brandishing its claws, and the Imperial Capital Academy happened to be on its right front claw.

The academy was very large and was surrounded by white walls. One could clearly see the light of formations flashing. This meant that if one barged in forcefully, not to mention not being able to enter, it was very likely that they would lose their lives.

Ling Han alighted from the car, and couldn't help but grit his teeth. There was really a sea of people here.