Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3251 The Selection Begins

This was the first time the Imperial Capital Academy was open to the public, and it immediately triggered a climax of registration.

One had to know that His Majesty, the Holy Emperor, would occasionally come to the academy to teach!

Being able to meet the Holy Emperor, His Majesty, was a huge motivation for everyone.

Especially in the Imperial Capital, where the public's adoration of the current Emperor reached a fanatical level, they all addressed him as the Holy Emperor, not the Emperor.

'Just line up obediently.'

Fortunately, under the emperor's rule, no one dared to act recklessly and disobey the rules. Moreover, the descendants of the influential families did not have to rush for this opportunity. The Imperial Capital Academy was already open to them in the first place.

Ling Han queued for three hours before it was his and Huan Xue's turn.

"Press your fingerprint." The person in charge of registration nodded at Ling Han.

Ling Han pressed his thumb on a glass panel, and immediately, his identity information appeared on the optical computer.

"Eh, you're a survivor of Huju City?" The person-in-charge said in surprise.

Ling Han nodded.

"You are18 years old and your cultivation level is Twelve Meridians." The person read the information and quickly finished his work. He said, "Alright, come and participate in the selection in ten days."

Ling Han nodded, and it was Huan Xue's turn.

"Age 19, cultivation level is Eleven Meridians." That person was doing his job. "Eh, you're also from Huju City?"

Soon, Huan Xue's registration was completed as well.

There were also conditions for registration. One had to be under the age of thirty, and their cultivation level had to be at least Ten Meridians. However, if they were in the Blood Transformation Tier, they could directly become a disciple of the academy without participating in the selections.

"I wonder if Banner Lord is here. With her age and cultivation level, she should be able to enter the academy directly."

"However, this way, she would not be able to contend for the Red Clouds Stone."

Ling Han and Huan Xue left and returned to the hotel.

After Sun Jianfang returned, Ling Han told him about how he was going to enter the Imperial Capital Academy. This old sect master indicated that he was also about to find a job, and planned to move out of the hotel after a while.

In the next few days, Ling Han refined alchemical pills every day. He couldn't just sit back and do nothing. In addition, he tempered his body once every three days, and his physique was steadily improving.

The Indestructible Heaven's Scroll had a special characteristic, and that was that the effects of body tempering were limited by one's cultivation level—actually, most cultivation techniques were like this. Thus, as long as one cultivated it to the point of being unable to advance any further, it meant that one had reached the pinnacle of the Meridian Opening Tier, and Ling Han would be able to eliminate his internal demon and break through to the Blood Transformation Tier.

Ten days passed very quickly, and Ling Han also had a large handful of medicinal pills in his hands. Once the selection was over, he would go to a pharmacy to sell them.

He brought the little handmaiden to the Imperial Capital Academy again and entered the academy with his fingerprint. Then, he gathered in the square with countless people.

There were at least 50,000 to 60,000 people here. At a glance, his vision was filled with densely packed human heads.

"I heard that only 100 people will be selected in this screening."

"What, only a hundred?"

"A hundred is so few. We have at least tens of thousands of people here. That means only one our of several hundred people would be chosen?"

"Many people were eliminated during the registration. Otherwise, there would be even more people."

"It's so hard."

"Not necessarily. I heard that the selection this time is to find Red Clouds Stones. When the time comes, the hundred people who find the most Red Clouds Stones will directly win. Therefore, if you find a Red Clouds Stone, immediately hide until the selection is over. You might be able to win."

"Hehe, if I can obtain a Red Clouds Stone, it would be worth it even if I can't enter the academy."

Everyone was talking about the selection this time, and Ling Han did not need to deliberately inquire about it to get clear information about it.

He yawned, looking very listless.

In terms of battle prowess alone, even a Fifth Change elite had been killed by him. In the Meridian Opening Tier, did he still have any opponents?

Of course, there were other conditions for killing Hu Can, but his battle prowess was at least comparable to a Fourth Change. There was no doubt about that.

Therefore, he really couldn't muster up any spirit. He would purely be bullying them later.

Suddenly, there was a huge commotion in the crowd.

"What's going on?" someone asked.

"Hong Tianliang is here!" Someone replied.

"Which Hong Tianliang?" Someone else asked.

"Idiot, how many Hong Tianliang are there in the capital? Of course it's that person's younger brother!"

"Hiss!"

"Eh, Hong Tianliang still needs to participate in the screening?"

"That's right. He's the second grandson of Grand Tutor Hong. He can enter the academy directly."

"You don't understand. He came for the Red Clouds Stone, or else he would definitely have broken through to the Blood Transformation Tier!"

"It's over, it's over. We're going to lose another spot."

"Of course. Although Hong Tianliang isn't as freakish as that person, it's said that he opened all the Hidden Meridians in his body in order to use the Red Clouds Stone to temper his body and break through to the Blood Transformation Tier."

"In other words, even if he fails this time, he can still enter the academy after advancing into the Blood Transformation Tier?"

"Of course. Moreover, with Grand Tutor Hong's power, it can't be that it is still not enough to directly send Hong Tianliang to the academy?"

"To speak of nothing else, just based on the fact that he's that person's younger brother, entering the academy is naturally a piece of cake."

"Sigh, he's really lucky."

Everyone sighed. They were all in their twenties, but the difference between them and him was like heaven and earth.

Ling Han was also a little curious. Sure enough, there was someone in the Imperial Capital who had also unblocked his Extraordinary Eight Meridians. Moreover, based on everyone's words, Hong Tianliang's older brother seemed to be even more impressive.

Like the stars surrounding the moon, a young man walked over from afar. As long as he approached, the people in front would automatically make way for him.

Hong Tianliang was a very handsome young man, but he was also extremely proud. He looked down on everyone and did not take anyone seriously.

No one was dissatisfied about that. Just based on the fact that he was Grand Tutor Hong's grandson, who would dare to provoke him?

Most importantly, he had an incomparably freakish brother. Even the Holy Emperor praised him and personally commented, "Heavenly talent!"

Hong Tianliang strode past and only stopped when he reached the front of the group. He stood alone, as if he disdained to be associated with anyone.

After this small interlude, there were no more sensational events.

At around ten in the morning, a person-in-charge from the academy came out and announced the details of the screening.

The basic situation was what those people had discussed earlier. The time limit was ten days.

In these ten days, they would have to eat and live inside the formation.

During this period, battles between prospective students were allowed. The victors could plunder the Red Clouds Stones of the losers, but they could not intentionally injure others, let alone kill them. Otherwise, not only would they lose their qualifications to enter the academy, but they would also be severely punished by the laws of the Majestic Empire.

"Alright, let's begin!"

The formation was activated, and a door appeared, flickering with a faint light. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Everyone entered, one after another. Many of them had the intention of hiding for ten days after snatching a Red Clouds Stone. Therefore, after rushing in, they immediately used their movement techniques and quickly disappeared into the distance.

When Ling Han entered the formation, it was already ten minutes later.

He studied it.

The Imperial Capital Academy was located at the right claw of the dragon. Beyond that was a tall mountain. Therefore, this formation was also in the mountains. At a glance, it was as if they had entered a primitive forest.

Wanting to find a small Red Clouds Stone here?

It would be extremely difficult!