Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3252 Long Haired Young Man

There should be some hints.

Ling Han thought. Otherwise, even if there were 60,000 to 70,000 people, even if there were 10 days, only a few people would be able to find the Red Clouds Stone.

He had no intention of finding the Red Clouds Stone himself. Instead, he was already prepared to rob others of it.

"Since this is a formation, let me study it."

Ling Han walked casually, but so far, he had not discovered anything unusual about the formations. Everything was as usual.

"Ah—" A cry of surprise came from the front. The forest shook, and soon, eight people ran over in an incomparably sorry state. Then, a ferocious tiger appeared. It was 15 meters long and had an astonishing size.

This ferocious tiger was very fast and quickly caught up to the last person. It lowered its head and bit him. Then, with a swing, shua, that person was thrown out. Peng, he slammed heavily into a tree, directly breaking it.

Shua, it caught up with another person. This time, with a wave of its claws, that person was instantly sent flying. He also broke a big tree before stopping. He was in so much pain that he groaned. It looked like his arm was broken.

They had not even started searching for the Red Clouds Stone, and they were already fleeing.

Ling Han could clearly see that this ferocious tiger's strength should have surpassed the Twelve Meridians, but it had not yet reached 13 Meridians. To most people, this was indeed an incomparably terrifying existence.

However, if two or three Twelve Meridians joined forces, they should be able to deal with it. However, these people only cared about escaping and only wanted to escape from the tiger's mouth. Then, the only outcome would be that this ferocious tiger would wreak havoc.

The eight people quickly became five people. When they reached Ling Han, there were only two people left. They rushed past Ling Han as if they were running for their lives. They did not want to participate in this selection anymore, and only wanted to escape.

The ferocious tiger charged over, and Ling Han bore the brunt of its charge.

"Roar!" The ferocious tiger let out a furious roar, and a claw struck towards Ling Han.

Hong, a giant claw descended from the sky.

"Young Master!" Seeing that Ling Han did not dodge, Huan Xue hurriedly cried out in alarm. "Coo—" The little pink pig let out a miserable cry. It was thrown out by Huan Xue, drawing an arc in the air.

Huan Xue charged over and attacked the giant claw with a palm strike.

Ling Han shook his head. Huan Xue was no match for this ferocious tige, even if she had improved very quickly, and was already in the Eleven Meridians now.

He clenched his fist and punched upwards.

The force reached the speed of sound, and a series of sonic booms turned into an obvious fist mark that struck the huge claw.

Peng, the tiger instantly exploded.

How terrifying was the force of 500,000 kilograms?

Huh? Ling Han discovered that although the tiger had exploded, there was no splattering of flesh and blood. Instead, it turned into a flash of light, and a red stone fell from the sky.

Red Clouds Stone!

It turned out that the Red Clouds Stone could also be hidden in the body of "ferocious beasts", and this ferocious tiger was actually a manifestation of the formations and not a physical body. Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com

Interesting. Could the Red Clouds Stone also be inside a blade of grass or a tree?

Ling Han put away the Red Clouds Stone, and directly placed it on his flesh. He immediately began to absorb the essence within the stone.

He discovered that if the Red Clouds Stone automatically took effect on its own, the effect would be 1. However, after he channeled the Indestructible Heaven's Scroll, the effect reached 10. The increase was astonishing.

Wonderful!

Ling Han could sense that his cells were strengthening. This could not be seen from the outside, but the changes were real.

"Little piggy!" Huan Xue finally remembered that she had actually thrown the little lecherous piggy away in a moment of desperation. She hurriedly ran over to hug it.

The little lecherous pig snorted. It was very angry that it was abandoned. It was simply a great humiliation to it—it was so cute. Who could bear to abandon it?

Although it had been picked up by Huan Xue, it was still throwing a tantrum. It was still very stubborn. However, after being Huan Xue hugged it to her chest, its so-called dignity was immediately thrown aside and began to enjoy the experience.

Ling Han advanced, and the little maid hurriedly followed behind.

The two of them crossed a tall mountain and a lake appeared in front of them. It was very big, but it was still very far from them. From afar, the lake was like a mirror.

"We'll rest by the lake tonight," Ling Han said. They had brought rations, but not water.

Of course, Huan Xue didn't object. She just nodded repeatedly.

As they left, a wild boar appeared.

This wild boar's size was relatively normal, but it was very fierce. After discovering the two of them, it immediately charged at them.

Eh, this was really just an ordinary wild boar.

Ling Han casually blasted out a burst of force, and this wild boar fell to the ground with a cry.

"Haha, there will be pork for dinner tonight," he said.

"Hmph!" The little pink pig was very angry. He actually said that he wanted to eat pork in front of it. He was too bold.

"Don't eat it if you can resist," Ling Han said to the little pink pig.

The little pink pig was proud. It was a pig with principles.

The two of them continued forward. Some of the wild beasts that appeared here were illusions created by formations, while others were real. However, it was impossible to tell if they were real or fake if they did not fight them.

When they crossed the mountain and arrived at the foot of the mountain, they heard footsteps behind them before they walked out of the dense forest.

Ling Han turned his head to look, and saw a young man coming from behind. He looked to be about sixteen or seventeen years old, and was a little handsome.

Seeing Ling Han look over, the young man smiled at Ling Han, revealing two rows of snow-white teeth.

Xiu, his speed was very fast, and he quickly surpassed them.

Just as he was about to leave the dense forest, a bang was heard, and his entire body sank into the ground.

What was going on?

Ling Han was surprised. There was actually a trap there, and a huge pit that was at least 12 to 15 meters deep had been dug out. The sides of the pit were extremely steep.

If this was an ordinary person, they could only be trapped inside and wait for someone to save them. However, if it was a cultivator, even if they couldn't jump out, the strength of their hands was terrifying. They could forcefully punch holes in the wall of the pit and slowly climb up.

However, since someone had dug a hole here, they would definitely stop at this.

Xiu, xiu, xiu. Three young men flew down from the trees and stood by the pit.

"Hey, hey, hey, what's the meaning of this?" The youth in the pit asked.

"Hand over the Red Clouds Stone and I'll let you out," said a young man dressed in black.

"I just came in, how would I have gotten a Red Clouds Stone!" The youth below said.

"How dare you lie to your Master Hai, you hairless kid?" The young man in black snorted.

"No hair?" The young man below made a gesture that would make one splutter. He undid the belt of his pants and took off his outer pants and underwear to his knees. Then, he said proudly, "Look, does it have hair?"

Instantly, the three young men above were petrified. How could there be such a person?

Ling Han was also speechless. What was this youth's brain made of?

The young man pulled up his pants and shouted, "Apologize to me quickly!"

'Apologize for what? Just because my words were mistaken and you're actually hairy?'

"Crazy." The three young men above shook their heads. They felt that there was something wrong with this young man's brain. It was better not to waste time on him.