Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3253 Straightforward

Xiu, xiu, xiu, the youth below quickly climbed up.

"Hey, don't go!" He chased after them, unwilling to give up. "Tell me, do I have hair?"

The three young men in black turned around and said, "What exactly do you want?"

"Apologize to me!" The young man was very stubborn.

The three youngsters had strange expressions on their faces. They hadn't even rebuked this youth for baring himself in front of them. It was simply blinding, that they hadn't even gotten over the shock now.

"Scram!" The three youngsters were extremely domineering.

They had set up an ambush here for the Red Clouds Stone, but now, they had encountered a deviant lunatic. They were already unhappy, and he still wanted to pester them?

"You've wronged me, and you still want me to scram?" The young man was furious. Peng, with a tap of his foot, he immediately erupted with high speed and rushed towards the three young men.

"You're courting death!" The young man in black sneered and threw a punch over.

During this screening, no one was allowed to bring weapons inside. For example, Ling Han's broken sword was left in the hotel.

The young man also used his fist to punch the other party.

Those who could enter this place were at least of the Ten Meridians. They had met the conditions to release their strength. Therefore, although their fists had yet to collide, the force they released had already collided in advance.

Peng, the man in black was immediately sent flying.

'What!'

The other two young men widened their eyes in disbelief.

How was this possible!

That was because they clearly knew that their companion had the cultivation level of Twelve Meridians, and was already standing at the end of Meridian Opening Tier, yet was actually not a match for a single punch from this crazy youth.

How could they accept this?

Ling Han was also stunned. He knew that there were powerful Twelve Meridians that could possess 60,000 to 65,000kg of strength, and he was even more terrifying, reaching 75,000kg of strength at Twelve Meridians.

However, the strength of this young man in front of him was far more than 75,000kg. It had to be at least 100,000kg to be able to achieve a crushing effect.

He must have opened his Hidden Meridians.

Ling Han nodded to himself. He really couldn't be complacent. Even in a small place like Huju City, a prodigy like Tuoba Tianhuang had appeared and opened his Hidden Meridians. As expected, talents were gathered in the Imperial Capital. Now, he saw another prodigy who had opened his Hidden Meridians.

"You cheated!" A young man pointed at the youth and said, "You're clearly in the Blood Transformation Tier, yet you actually pretended to be in the Meridian Opening Tier to come in here."

The youth was furious. "You guys just said that I don't have hair, and now you're saying that I'm in the Blood Transformation Tier. How long are you going to malign me?"

He charged over like a super Demonic Beast. Peng, peng, the other two youngsters were also sent flying by his punch.

What a one-track-minded fellow.

Ling Han shook his head, but a smile appeared at the corner of his mouth. This kind of person was quite interesting.

The young man was furious. He glanced at the three of them and continued forward.

Ling Han and Huan Xue walked leisurely, arriving at the edge of the deep pit. They looked down. This didn't look like it was newly dug, and should have been left behind many years ago. It just so happened that these three people had made use of it.

The three youngsters had just gotten up. When they saw Ling Han and Huan Xue, they were stunned at first. This trap had not been covered properly, so it was obvious that it could not be used anymore. However, there was no reason for them to just let them pass freely.

"Hand over the Red Clouds Stone!" The young man in black shouted.

Ling Han couldn't help but smile, and said, "By the way, are you guys alright? Are you sure you don't need me to call a doctor for you?"

The three youngsters looked at each other and revealed strange expressions.

F*ck, could it be that they had met another lunatic?

It can't be, right? He was already being robbed, yet he was still concerned about whether the person who was robbing him was seriously injured.

"None of your business," the young man in black said.

Ling Han shook his head, and said, "I'm just afraid that if I make a move later, I'll accidentally kill all of you. That would be troublesome."

So this was what this kid was worried about!

The three youngsters were furious. You've gone too far!

"Beat him up!" They pounced at the same time.

Ling Han smiled, and with a swing of his arm, pa, pa, pa, the three of them received a heavy slap to their faces almost at the same time, and then were all sent flying.

They fell all over the ground and were stunned.

What was going on? They were defeated in one move again?

Yet another Blood Transformation Tier cultivator pretending to be in the Meridian Opening Tier. B*stard!

Ling Han laughed loudly, and left with Huan Xue.

This time, they didn't encounter any Demonic Beasts, and no one jumped out to rob them. When the sky gradually darkened, the two of them finally arrived at the lakeside.

Because they had killed a wild boar, they could naturally have more food for dinner.

Huan Xue was in charge of barbecuing, and Ling Han placed his hands behind his head, lying on the grass by the lake.

The little pink piggy lay beside him and glared at him with a bitter expression.

He actually dared to barbecue pork in front of Master Pig. Wasn't this a blatant provocation?

However, Lord Pig was too lazy. He was so lazy that he didn't even want to spit at Ling Han. He just lay there lazily, enjoying his beautiful life as a pig.

Of course, from time to time, it would glare angrily at Ling Han to express its displeasure.

Not long after, Huan Xue had already roasted the pig's front leg.

Ling Han tore off a piece of meat and ate it. After tempering his body, his ability to resist heat had been greatly improved. Otherwise, if he were to hold on to it like this without channeling his mystical power, a layer of skin would definitely be scalded off his hand.

"Huan Xue's culinary skills are really not bad." He praised as he ate.

Huan Xue was elated and could only smile foolishly. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Sniff, sniff, sniff. The lecherous pig tried its best to control itself from turning its head away. This was too fragrant, b*stard. However, that was a member of its kind. If it ate it, would it still be considered a pig?

"Smells good! Smells good!" A voice was heard, and a young man poked his head out.

Eh, wasn't that the young man with "long hair"?

"Let's eat together," Ling Han said. In any case, the wild boar was extremely large, so one more person wouldn't make a difference.

"Is that okay?" The young man rubbed his head and looked embarrassed, but he had already sat down obediently.

Huan Xue handed over a piece of meat. The young man took it and immediately ate it.

Ling Han sighed. Just how carefree was this young man? Wasn't he afraid that this meat would be poisoned? Even if the poison wouldn't kill him and would only knock him out, lying here for 10 days would still mean that he was finished.

"Oh, there's a little suckling pig here?" The young man was stunned. He looked down. "Why did it bite me?"

The little lecherous pig gritted its teeth. 'You're all eating pork. Have you ever considered how Lord Pig feels?'

Ling Han laughed, and said, "My name is Ling Han, and that's Huan Xue. What about you?"

"Oh, my name is Ge Qiuling," the young man said. He was obviously a very professional glutton and rarely spoke during dinner.

Ling Han shook his head. 'Young man, it's very easy for you to just end conversations like this.'

'Forget it, let's eat.'

He also focused on eating. Martial arts practitioners all had huge appetites. This was because even if they used mystical power when fighting, it would still consume a large amount of physical power. Without a strong body, one would not be able to withstand it.

This was also why once a cultivator got older, their strength would begin to decline. Their muscles and bones would become loose, and their vitality would become weaker and weaker.

Now that Ling Han had started to temper his body again, the consumption of food was even greater. The three of them actually finished the pig leg very quickly.

Are you pigs? How can you eat so much?

The little pink piggy snorted with strong dissatisfaction.

Whoosh!

At this moment, the originally calm lake suddenly boiled, raising a huge wave that was nine meters tall. It slapped heavily towards the shore.