Chapter 3254 Green Gourd

What was going on?

Ling Han activated his mystical power, forming a shield. Hua, the wave crashed over, and he was naturally not wet at all.

Huan Xue was far inferior. Her mystical power was far from being so powerful, so she could only retreat and dodge. On the other hand, Ge Qiuling also used his mystical power to block the waves.

Only the little pink pig couldn't dodge or block it. It was hit by the waves and sent flying. Its entire body was wet. It was furious and started cooing at the lake.

Hong, the surface of the lake split open, and a colossal creature emerged.

It was a huge snake. No one could tell how long it was, but just the part that emerged from the water was a number of meters long. It was as thick as a well. Just its size made people feel cold.

There were Demonic Beasts in the lake as well?

Was this real, or was it derived from the formations?

"Haha, I'll fight!" Ge Qiuling laughed and ran towards the center of the lake.

Pa, pa, pa. He stepped on the water but did not sink.

This was because his speed was too fast. Just the slight tension on the surface of the water was enough for him to run without falling.

It hadn't reached the speed of sound yet, but he wasn't too far either.

This kid might have already opened all twenty Meridians.

Ge Qiuling arrived and threw a punch at the giant snake.

The giant snake did not dodge. It twisted its huge body to meet the attack. It used its body as a huge stick and attacked Ge Qiuling. Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

BANG!

With a loud bang, Ge Qiuling was sent flying. With a thud, he fell into the water. Without running at high speed, the water could not support his weight.

Ling Han's eyes lit up. This giant snake was actually an existence at the Blood Transformation Tier, and it was definitely not just a First Change either. No matter what, it had to be a Second Change at least..

The giant snake curled its body and charged at Ge Qiuling again.

Ge Qiuling stretched out his hand and smacked the water surface. Peng, he immediately broke out of the water. He increased his speed and ran wildly on the water surface, waiting for an opportunity to find the giant snake's flaw.

He had to run. Otherwise, if he was in the water, his movements would be restricted.

The giant snake chased after him. It spat out a red tongue and made a hissing sound, making people feel terrified.

Although Ge Qiuling was a little "straightforward", he was not stupid at all in battle. He clearly knew that his strength was inferior and that he was on the other party's home ground. He had no intention of fighting head-on and just circled around it.

Unable to catch up, the giant snake twisted its body violently. Boom! Instantly, the entire surface of the lake boiled, raising huge waves.

Ge Qiuling's body swayed wildly. There was a huge wave in the lake, causing his body to sway and almost lose his balance. After all, this was not land.

The giant snake took the opportunity to attack. Peng, Ge Qiuling could only take it head-on and was sent flying again.

"Little Brother Ge, let me do it," Ling Han said with a smile, already standing up.

"Little brother?" Ge Qiuling looked between his legs. They had never competed before. How are you so sure that I must be a little brother?

Obviously, his brain was not working right again.

Ling Han charged over. He similarly stepped on the surface of the water as if he was walking on flat ground, and very quickly met the giant snake with a punch.

Demonic Monkey Fists, 20 layers of power overlapped!

Ling Han didn't want to waste time on a Demonic Beast. One punch would be enough.

The giant snake was fearless, and charged towards Ling Han.

BANG!

With a loud bang, the giant snake's huge body bounced back, and there was a basin-sized bloody hole on the spot where it was punched.

With just one strike, its tough body was blasted through by Ling Han.

However, the giant snake was too big, and this was not a vital point. It was not killed in one strike.

Ling Han caught up. Pa, pa, pa, he ran along the snake's body, arriving at the snake's head, and threw a punch.

Where could he find the vital point in such a huge snake? Hence, he directly struck it in the head.

With a punch, the giant snake's head exploded and turned into a rain of blood. Originally, it had bounced upwards, but the force of this punch blasted it back down. The two forces acted on the snake at the same time. With a bang, the giant snake instantly tore apart in the middle.

Ling Han's figure leaped, and he started running wildly on the surface of the water. Very quickly, he returned to the shore, and a sonic boom exploded, setting off huge waves.

Ge Qiuling looked at him in a daze, then lowered his head to look between his legs. He muttered, "He's so awesome. He might really be bigger than me."

Ling Han naturally heard these words, and the corners of his mouth couldn't help but twitch slightly. This young man's way of thinking was truly extraordinary.

"From today onwards, you are my big brother," Ge Qiuling said, looking extremely serious.

Ling Han couldn't help but smile, and say, "If everyone you can't beat, you call Big Brother, how many Big Brothers do you have?"

Ge Qiuling thought about it seriously and said, "Only those with the same cultivation level and defeat me can be my big brother."

'Well, he's quite principled.'

Ling Han pointed at the giant snake in the lake, and said, "Then you should clean that up a bit. A Blood Transformation Tier Demonic Snake must have quite a few good things in them."

"Yes, Big Brother," Ge Qiuling replied crisply. He immediately jumped into the lake and dragged the giant snake out.

Fortunately, it was him. Otherwise, if it was Huan Xue, she might not have such strength.

"This is a real snake, and it resides here. Perhaps there are some treasures in the lake?" Ling Han muttered. Thump. He immediately jumped into the lake, and began to search carefully.

The lake was very large, but Ling Han was very patient.

In any case, he had ten days, and he did not want to find the Red Clouds Stone himself. Therefore, he could carry out his robbery plan in the last day or two.

If he held his breath now, he could hold it for nearly half an hour. Plus, he wasn't slow in the water. Half an hour was enough time for him to search a third of the area. In theory, all he had to do was surface for air twice.

Half an hour later, he surfaced and took a breath. Nothing.

He entered the lake again and searched. After a while, he finally found something.

There was actually a plant growing in the crack of a green stone at the bottom of the lake. It had only produced one fruit, and this fruit was actually a green gourd.

Gourd?

Ling Han swam over and reached out to touch the gourd. With just a light touch, pa, the gourd actually fell from the vine by itself.

Seeing that the gourd was about to float to the surface, Ling Han hurriedly reached out and grabbed it.

What was this? Was it edible?

Ling Han thought for a moment, and decided to go ashore first. If he wanted to study it, he didn't have to do it underwater.

He surfaced and came to the shore, only to see seven people lying on the ground.

"They saw that we killed a giant snake and wanted to interfere so they could rob the Red Clouds Stone," Ge Qiuling explained.

"However, there are no Red Clouds Stones," Huan Xue hurriedly said.

Ling Han nodded. Real Demonic Beasts probably did not have Red Clouds Stones inside them, or else the effects would have long been completely absorbed by the Demonic Beasts.

He sat down and began to study the green gourd. He had a feeling that this gourd was not simple.

From the outside, there was nothing out of the ordinary. Ling Han stretched out his divine sense to check, but he couldn't help but be surprised, and then revealed a look of pleasant surprise.

There was another space in the gourd. Although it was not big, it was only about 3 meters long, wide, and tall.

This was a spatial Spirit Tool!