Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3255 Spatial Spirit Tool!

Spatial Spirit Tool, it was actually a spatial Spirit Tool!

Ling Han had always wanted a spatial Spirit Tool, and he had also researched it on the optical computer.

Yes, there was indeed such a thing as a spatial Spirit Tool, but the price of this thing had long been pushed to a high price of hundreds of millions of Dark North Coins. More importantly, there had never been a record of a transaction.

Simply put, no one was selling it.

Modern-day people did not even know how to make ordinary Spirit Tools, let alone spatial Spirit Tools.

Therefore, spatial Spirit Tools could only be passed down from the previous civilization. However, most of the ancient sites of the previous civilization were under the protection of formations, and there were pitifully few that could be excavated. Therefore, it was difficult to obtain Spirit Tools, and even more difficult to obtain spatial Spirit Tools.

Ling Han had already given up hope, and planned to consider this problem when he was a little stronger. He did not expect… that it would appear just like that on its own.

A spatial Spirit Tool actually sprouted out?

A strange expression appeared on Ling Han's face. This was different from spatial Spirit Tools in the Genesis World. Putting aside the fact that they were man-made, they were also much smaller in size. Most of them would be made into the shape of rings, necklaces, and so on, making them easier to carry.

If he carried a gourd when he went out in the future, would he be mistaken for an alcoholic[1]?

Fortunately, the gourd was not big. It was only half a foot tall and could be easily grasped with one hand. He just had to hang it on his waist.

The Imperial Capital Academy definitely did not know that there was a gourd vine growing at the bottom of the lake and that it had grown a gourd with spatial attributes. Otherwise, they would have plucked it long ago.

He had made a great profit.

Ling Han's expression remained unchanged, but he was ecstatic in his heart. This trip to the academy, even if he did not obtain too many Red Clouds Stones, it was already worth it.

However, how should he use a spatial Spirit Tool?

He plucked a leaf and wrapped it with his divine sense. Then, he communicated with the gourd. With a swoosh, the leaf disappeared. If he scanned it with his divine sense, he would discover that it was contained in the space inside the gourd.

Well, the method of use was actually the same.

This was great. In the future, he wouldn't have to carry a huge bag when he went out, looking like a thief returning from a looting.

It was just that this space was not big enough. It was only the size of a small room.

He felt a little regretful.

If those people with spatial Spirit Tools knew about this, they would probably jump out and point at his nose and scold him for being greedy.

One had to know that the spatial Spirit Tools that existed in this world only had a three-dimensional space of one foot. In comparison, the space of the green gourd was a thousand times larger! Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

What would others be using a spatial Spirit Tool for?

How much space did precious alchemical pills and peerless materials need?

However, Ling Han already possessed a heaven-defying existence like the Black Tower right at the very beginning. It wouldn't be an exaggeration to say that he could actually even contain the Lower Realm that he had come from. Thus, there was no harm without comparison.

They rested by the lake. After a night, Huan Xue woke up early in the morning to roast meat. After filling their stomachs, Ge Qiuling bade farewell to the two of them and set off alone.

Ling Han asked Huan Xue to take out all the valuable items from the bag and put them all into the green gourd.

"Young Master, this is so amazing!" Huan Xue's eyes widened in surprise.

Even that pig had a strange expression on its face, and kept looking at Ling Han.

Natural spatial Spirit Tools were pitifully rare, and they were definitely not something as simple as a container. There were also many special abilities.

Even in the previous civilization, very few people had the opportunity to obtain such a treasure. It was not an exaggeration to say that if this gourd appeared in the previous civilization, it would definitely tempt some old monsters to snatch it.

But now? The Imperial Capital Academy was clearly sitting on it, yet not a single one of them had even discovered this, and Ling Han had benefited from it.

Hiss, this kid's luck was too good.

The little pink pig spread out its four limbs and hugged the green gourd tightly, looking like it was claiming it as its own for the future.

A thought flashed in Ling Han's head. Could he draw this lecherous pig into the gourd?

He used his divine sense to envelop it, but to his surprise, he discovered that there was a kind of power overflowing from this lecherous pig, which rebounded his divine sense.

Yi!

How many secrets was this pig hiding?

Ling Han decided to try it on other living creatures, but of course, he couldn't use Huan Xue as an experiment. Thus, he strolled along, and very quickly discovered a rabbit in the dense forest. He chased after it and captured it, but he didn't expect that this was actually manifested by formations. With a bang, it turned into light and shadow and disappeared, replaced by a red stone.

Red Clouds Stone!

A strange expression appeared on Ling Han's face. He hadn't even been deliberately searching, and the Red Clouds Stone had already appeared in front of him just like that?

Had his luck attribute gotten a burst?

"Young Master is really lucky!" The little maid clapped her hands and said.

Meanwhile, the little piggy tilted its head and looked at Ling Han. It was as if natural treasures were smashing towards Ling Han on their own volition. Could it be that this brat is the legendary person favored by the heavens?

If that was the case, he had to curry favor with him.

Ling Han continued to advance. After a while, he finally encountered another wild wolf that had yet to evolve into a Demonic Beast. Ling Han grabbed it by the neck and lifted it up like a puppy. It was unable to put up any resistance.

With a thought, xiu, the wild wolf disappeared.

It had been drawn into the green gourd.

The wild wolf was not dead. It had gone crazy in the space of the gourd. Having suddenly entered a dark and sealed environment, it naturally could not control itself.

Ling Han threw some wild boar meat into the gourd. He wanted to see if living creatures could be contained in the gourd space.

After doing this, he paid no further attention to it.

…

After Ling Han and his companion left, they saw a figure suddenly flash over.

This was a young man with his hands behind his back. He was clearly young, but he had a terrifying might.

Hong Tianliang!

"This should be it. According to the information I obtained from the documents of the previous civilization, there should be an Essence Nurturing Gourd Vine here. According to the time, it should have sprouted a gourd long ago," he muttered.

"Not only does this gourd have its own space, but it can also nourish the body. It's indescribably amazing."

"This is my great fortune. After obtaining it, there's finally hope of catching up to that person."

When he mentioned that person, his face revealed an incomparably complicated expression. There was envy, jealousy, admiration, and hatred.

Thump!

He leaped into the lake and began searching.

More than an hour later, Hong Tianliang surfaced with a dark expression.

He found the green stone and saw the gourd vine, but he did not find a gourd hanging from it.

'What's going on here?'

Could it be that someone beat him to it and snatched away the great fortune that belonged to him?

If it were anything else, he might have just smiled and left. However, he definitely could not do it this time.

The Essence Nurturing Gourd was the key as to whether he could surpass that person. He was a shadow that had been pressing down on his head since he became old enough to understand, even though that person was also his closest brother.

He went ashore and quickly found the remains of the giant snake on the other side of the lake. There were also seven unconscious people lying on the ground.

Ge Qiuling was ruthless. It had been a night, but these seven people still hadn't woken up.

"Humph!" Hong Tianliang snorted and released a terrifying surge of aura. Instantly, the seven of them opened their eyes at the same time, filled with fear.

[1] Bottles containing alchohol were made in the form of a gourd in the past in China.