Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3256 Greater Danger Lies Behind

"Second Young Master Hong!"

When they saw Hong Tianliang, the seven of them hurriedly got up and bowed respectfully.

Hong Tianliang was a martial arts genius to begin with. His future achievements would be limitless, and his grandfather was the Grand Tutor of the current Empire, holding a high status.

Of course, the most awe-inspiring fact was that this was that person's younger brother. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

Hong Tianliang nodded slowly and said, "You were knocked unconscious?"

"It was a young man. He's only 16 or 17 years old, but he's very, very strong." The seven of them hurriedly replied. Being stared at by Hong Tianliang made them feel as if they were being stared at by a fearsome primitive beast, causing their bile to almost come out in terror.

This feeling was too heavy. It would leave a psychological scar on them.

"Oh, there was also a woman. She's slightly older," someone added.

Hong Tianliang took a deep breath and said, "Describe their appearances to me."

"Aye, aye."

After the seven of them described Ge Qiuling and Huan Xue's appearances, Hong Tianliang turned on the optical computer and said, "Help me investigate two people." He related Ge Qiuling and Huan Xue's appearance and clothes.

Logically speaking, optical computers were banned during competitions. This was also considered cheating, but who asked him to be Hong Tianliang?

After a while, the other party sent a message.

Hong Tianliang projected the two photos. "Is it them?"

The seven of them were shocked. He had found out who it was so quickly. This method was too heaven-defying.

"Yes, it's them!"

"Ge Qiuling?" Hong Tianliang looked at Ge Qiuling's information. He ignored Huan Xue. She was just a minor character of Eleven Meridians. It was impossible for her to kill this giant snake.

"Although all the important parts have been cut off, from the residual aura, it can still be determined that this is a Blood Transformation Tier-level Demonic Beast."

"Even if Ge Qiuling has opened all his Hidden Meridians, his strength is at most 200,000kg. Therefore, this should be a First Change Blood Transformation Tier Demonic Beast."

"A Blood Transformation Tier Demonic Beast, an ordinary Meridian Opening Tier would naturally not provoke it, so that Essence Nurturing Gourd must have been taken away by him."

"I have to find him before he figures out the use of the Essence Nurturing Gourd and retrieve the treasure. Otherwise, if the news gets out, it will bring me huge trouble."

He used the optical computer again to contact the people outside to locate Ge Qiuling.

"Everyone thought that I suppressed my cultivation level and did not break through so I could obtain the Red Clouds Stone, insisting on participating in this selection. However, they did not know that although I wanted the Red Clouds Stone as well, in comparison, the Essence Nurturing Gourd was what I really cared about."

"No one can snatch what I, Hong Tianliang, have my eye on!"

A trace of ruthlessness appeared on his face. At this moment, the optical computer also reported back. Hong Tianliang immediately leaped up and rushed in the direction of where Ge Qiuling was.

Huan Xue was naturally ignored by him again.

…

Ling Han and Huan Xue walked aimlessly. In any case, they were searching for the Red Clouds Stone. Wherever they went, they would be searching. Who knew what natural treasures they might run into if they were lucky?

Needless to say, Ling Han definitely carried a strong halo of trouble. No matter where he went, he would get into trouble. Regardless of whether he was willing or not, whether he had taken the initiative or not. However, the halo of trouble had definitely been hidden away now. In its place was his luck attribute.

This was because in just half a day, all sorts of Demonic Beasts had pounced on them, and were easily killed by Ling Han with a single punch. Afterwards, it was proven that these were all derived from formations, which contributed several Red Clouds Stones to him.

This was definitely an outburst of his luck attribute.

Xiu, another leopard pounced over. However, its abilities were only at Ten Meridians, which was just enough for it to release its energy. With a wave of its right front claw, a wave of energy swept over.

Huan Xue welcomed its attack with a shout. Peng, peng, peng! After dozens of moves, the mountain leopard was killed and it turned into shattered shadows. Another Red Clouds Stone fell into their grasp.

"Young Master, this is for you." She picked up the Red Clouds Stone and handed it to Ling Han.

If others saw this, they would definitely cry bitterly, because too many people did not gain anything since they entered, unlike Ling Han and the others, who had the Red Clouds Stones delivering themselves right to them.

Ling Han shook his head, and said, "Take this one yourself. Then, take a few more pieces for yourself. I reckon that five or six pieces will be enough for you to enter into the top 100."

"Young Master, can Huan Xue enter the academy too?" Huan Xue asked in surprise.

Ling Han smiled, and said, "If you are not going to enter the academy, won't I have to spend money to find a place for you to stay?"

Of course, this was just a joke.

"Thank you, Young Master. Thank you, Young Master." Huan Xue nodded.

"Wait!" Just as Huan Xue was about to put away the Red Clouds Stone, a loud shout was heard and a young man flew over.

Huan Xue was stunned. 'I am stowing away the thing that Young Master gave me. Why are you saying to wait?'

"Hand over the Red Clouds Stone!" The young man said coldly. He looked to be about twenty-four or twenty-five years old and looked confident.

Huan Xue subconsciously tightened her grip on the Red Clouds Stone and shook her head repeatedly. "This belongs to Young Master, I can't give it to you!"

The young man looked at Ling Han, and couldn't help but snort. "What bullsh*t Young Master, you dare to act like a big bad wolf in front of me?"

"Who are you!" Huan Xue was furious. She could not tolerate anyone disrespecting her Young Master.

"I'm Han San." The young man gave himself a thumbs up.

"Han San?" The little maid was at a loss. Of course, she had never heard of this name.

Seeing this, Han San couldn't help but be angry and anxious. "You actually haven't heard of my name? Go to the Fulin District and ask around. Who doesn't know the great name of Han San?"

"Sounds like a hooligan," Ling Han said to Huan Xue.

"Oh." Huan Xue nodded. She understood.

"Who's a hooligan? Who's a hooligan?" Han San jumped up. He was the trump card of the Iron Bull Martial Arts School. He had only been in the martial arts school for five years and had already become the eldest senior brother. If he entered the Imperial Capital Academy this time, he would be even more awesome.

"You're the Master, right? How dare you look down on me!" Han San charged towards Ling Han.

Other than Hong Tianliang, who was a show-off, anyone who would come to participate in the screening meant that everyone was at the bottom of the social hierarchy. Therefore, there was nothing to worry about. He just had to charge ahead.

Boom! He struck out with his palm.

Ordinary Twelve Meridians had at most 60,000kg of strength. Of course, this was already not bad among Twelve Meridians.

This was more like it. If everyone he encountered had opened their Hidden Meridians, wouldn't that be too chaotic?

Ling Han stretched out a finger, and pressed it towards the other party.

Peng, Han San was sent flying and fainted.

"Search him and see if he has any Red Clouds Stones on him," Ling Han said.

"Yes, Young Master." Huan Xue hurriedly searched the other party. Soon, her eyes lit up. "Young Master, there's one!"

A Red Clouds Stone was held in her hand.

Ling Han nodded, and said, "Alright, put it away."

Huan Xue carefully put away the Red Clouds Stone. She knew that her Young Master really needed this, so she was only holding it for him now. After she obtained the qualifications to enter the academy, she would hand the Red Clouds Stone back to Ling Han.

"For this kind of wealth-delivering boy, the more the better," Ling Han muttered, but Han San, who had just woken up, immediately fainted again out of anger.