Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3257 The Gourd’s Incredible Use

Tens of minutes later, Han San felt a terrifying aura attack him which woke him up, struck by terror.

"Second-Second Young Master Hong!" He hurriedly called out. The young man standing in front of him was Grand Tutor Hong's second grandson, the famous Hong Tianliang, a famous martial arts prodigy in the capital.

Hong Tianliang's expression was cold. Of course, he wouldn't be bothered about such a hooligan. He projected a photo from the optical computer and asked, "Do you recognize her?"

He had already caught up with Ge Qiuling and fought with him. During the fight, he found out that the other party had a "big brother" who was with the woman he had simply disregarded.

He defeated Ge Qiuling, so the latter willingly allowed him to search him, but he did not discover the existence of a gourd.

Instead, Ge Qiuling inadvertently mentioned that his big brother had a green gourd.

Therefore, Hong Tianliang immediately knew that he had targeted the wrong person. He quickly adjusted his course and looked for Huan Xue instead.

"Yes, yes." Han San gritted his teeth. If he had not been greedy, he would not have lost a Red Clouds Stone.

He had really gone for wool and come home shorn.

"Was there anyone else around her?" Hong Tianliang asked.

Han San hurriedly said, "Yes, yes, a young man, at most 18 or 19 years old."

"Do you know where they went?" Hong Tianliang asked.

"When I met them, they were coming from this direction here, so they should be heading that way," Han San thought for a moment and replied. DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Hong Tianliang immediately leaped forward and set off in the direction Han San pointed in hot pursuit.

Even if it was him, he could not let the people outside constantly locate the people inside because the other party did not have absolute either; they could only occasionally make an exception.

…

Ling Han and Huan Xue had already gone deeper and deeper into this forest. From time to time, they could hear the roars of beasts, rolling like thunder, causing panic to rise from the depths of one's heart.

The night fell quickly the next day, and the two of them stopped to rest.

Ling Han used his divine sense to scan the green gourd, and a hint of joy appeared on his face.

The wild wolf was not dead.

This meant that the green gourd could contain a living creature.

Very good. With a mental sweep, he threw the wild wolf out.

"Howl!" The wild wolf immediately pounced towards Ling Han at an extremely fast speed.

Yi?

Ling Han was surprised, because the wild wolf's pounce had far exceeded its normal speed.

He stretched out his hand, suppressed his power, and tested the power of this wild wolf. The result surprised him even more.

This wolf's strength had unbelievably increased by nearly 100kg.

Could it be?

Ling Han couldn't help but be shocked. Could it be that this wolf had obtained some benefits from being trapped in the green gourd?

"On account of your meritorious service, I'll spare your life." Ling Han raised his hand and tossed the wild wolf out. It was effortless, as if he was throwing a small stone.

Although the wild wolf was ferocious, it was also frightened by Ling Han's strength. After getting up from the ground, it immediately fled with its tail between its legs.

"This gourd, other than being able to store items, is it also beneficial for cultivation?" Ling Han muttered. "That wolf only stayed inside for half a day, and its strength increased by 100kg. It's simply heaven-defying."

'Can I put myself inside?' Ling Han thought. 'However, what if I go in but can't come out?'

"Huan Xue has also cultivated her Spiritual power. I can have her watch over me."

"Huan Xue," he called out.

"Young Master." Huan Xue turned around.

"Let me teach you something," Ling Han said with a smile.

He told Huan Xue how to control the green gourd. After Huan Xue learned it, she couldn't help but be surprised. There was actually such a fun thing in the world.

With a thought from Ling Han, and after communicating with the gourd, a wave of power wrapped around him. He did not resist, and with a swoosh, he entered into a dark space.

He was already prepared. He activated the optical computer's light function. Instantly, the entire space lit up.

There was no need to worry about breathing.

Ling Han raised his head to look. Actually, this was not a completely sealed world. He could see a hole above him, and a starry sky was spread out further above.

That should be the hole at the top of the gourd. When the gourd had fallen from the vine, such a hole was left behind.

However, this hole was like the eye of a needle. It was impossible for anyone to crawl out.

Ling Han leaped up, and his entire body climbed up onto the wall. He studied this eye of a needle, and discovered that even a strand of hair couldn't pass through it. There was a mysterious force blocking it.

In fact, Ling Han discovered that even air could not pass through. This was like glass, not blocking one's vision, but blocking everything else.

Then where did the air come from?

Ling Han was puzzled. Could it be that this gourd itself could "breath"?

Forget it, as long as he knew that he wouldn't suffocate to death inside, and even if he turned the gourd upside down, nothing would fall out.

Ling Han sat down cross-legged and channeled the Brother Monkey Cultivation Technique. Instantly, he discovered that there was a sense of power of heaven and earth that was absorbed by him and transformed into mystical power.

It had to be known that this was not the time when the sun had just risen, and one would be able to communicate with the power of heaven and earth.

It was the effect of this gourd.

Moreover, even if he didn't channel the Brother Monkey Cultivation Technique, this power would probably nourish him and increase his fundamental power. Otherwise, how could that wild wolf increase its strength by 100kg?

Ling Han revealed a look of delight. The value of this gourd far exceeded the scope of a spatial Spirit Tool.

'Now, let's see if I can get out.'

With a thought from Ling Han, he immediately appeared in the outside world.

"Young Master," Huan Xue called out, her face full of shock.

Really, an actual person disappeared in a flash and reappeared in a flash. It was too amazing.

"Just now, were there any changes to the gourd?" Ling Han asked.

"No." Huan Xue shook her head.

This should be the only flaw. It couldn't turn into a mustard seed when its owner entered like the Black Tower could.

That was true. He was not the owner of this gourd; he had only gained the right to use it now.

Could he bind it with his blood?

Ling Han gave it a try, and the result disappointed him.

The lecherous pig looked at him with disdain.

What an idiot. This was a treasure nurtured by the heaven and earth. It belonged to heaven and earth, so how could it actually recognize a master?

Stupid, stupid, stupid!

Ling Han thought for a moment, and decided to put this small flaw aside.

He found an absolutely secluded place and entered the gourd with Huan Xue.

With this treasure, there was no longer a problem of where to live in the wilderness.

…

Not long after Ling Han and his companion entered the green gourd, xiu, a figure flashed past and appeared at the place where they had roasted the pig earlier.

Hong Tianliang!

He looked carefully at the extinguished fire and even reached out to poke it.

"The residual temperature is still very strong, so they must have left not long ago," Hong Tianliang muttered. "It's already so late, but they're still travelling? Eh, could it be that they know that I'm chasing after them, so they're running in a hurry?"

"Hmph, you want to escape after taking my Essence Nurturing Gourd?"

He continued to chase forward. It did not even occur to him to look around in the vicinity.

Of course, it was useless even if he searched nearby, because Ling Han had placed the green gourd on a large tree. It was covered by dense leaves, and the chances of finding it in such a large forest were pitifully low.