Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3258 Talking Back

Ling Han discovered that the power of heaven and earth in the green gourd was rapidly decreasing.

This was not inexhaustible?

After a night, the two of them left the gourd. Because they were on a tree, when they came out, they almost missed a step and fell.

'Well, I'd better find a flatter place in the future.'

Ling Han hung the green gourd at his waist, and continued to roam the mountains with Huan Xue.

His good luck attribute continued to take effect. It was as if the formations here would go crazy when they encountered him, manifesting Demonic Beasts to attack him. In the end, they only contributed pieces of Red Clouds Stones.

Ling Han could clearly sense that his physique was rapidly strengthening.

Previously, because he did not have a spatial Spirit Tool, he did not bring the medicinal bath materials in. After obtaining the green gourd, he was still regretting it. He should not have been afraid about it being too troublesome. He should have brought everything in.

Now that he had more and more Red Clouds Stones in his possession, he did not bother about this anymore.

He believed that after he had used all these Red Clouds Stones, his physique would be able to advance to the limits of the Meridian Opening Tier.

After walking for a day, they didn't encounter a single real Demonic Beast. As a result, they didn't have anything to eat at night, so Huan Xue volunteered to continue searching for prey.

Ling Han thought for a moment, then nodded in agreement.

This little handmaiden should also gradually cultivate her ability to be independent. She could not always rely on him.

He started a bonfire and thought to himself that with the spatial Spirit Tool, he would be able to bring all kinds of condiments in the future. He would no longer have to worry about eating food that was completely tasteless.

Hmm?

Not long after, he saw a person flying over from afar at a very fast speed. When he saw him just now, it was only a small black dot. However, in the blink of an eye, this person had already arrived in front of him.

It was a slender young man with a rather handsome appearance. It was Hong Tianliang.

Hong Tianliang was very anxious now.

He searched for an entire day, but he could not find Huan Xue and that young man at all. He had no choice but to use the optical computer to contact the outside world and get someone to help him locate them again. Although the other party did it for him, it also meant that this was the last time he could do this.

When the news came, Hong Tianliang was stunned. The other party was actually behind him.

He hurriedly ran back, but he was extremely anxious. It had already been more than a day. Could that person have already figured out how to use the Essence Nurturing Gourd, or even discovered that it had a stronger use other than being used as a spatial Spirit Tool?

Xiu, Hong Tianliang hurriedly stopped.

He glanced at Ling Han, and used his optical computer to project a picture. He asked, "Have you seen this woman before?"

Eh, isn't this Huan Xue?

Ling Han was surprised. Why was he looking for Huan Xue? Could it be that with just a look at Huan Xue in the crowd, he had fallen in love with her?

It couldn't be, right? It wasn't that Ling Han was looking down on Huan Xue, but this was Grand Tutor Hong's second grandson, and his natural talent in martial arts seemed to be quite freakish. Ling Han felt that with his current status and position, his maidservant was not even worthy of Hong Tianliang's attention.

Moreover, Huan Xue wasn't as stunningly beautiful as the empress.

Then why did the other party look for Huan Xue?

"I'm asking you a question. Why are you going into a daze?" Hong Tianliang said unhappily.

Although he had participated in this competition, he did not take any of the prospective disciples seriously. In his opinion, these people were not worthy of being his opponents at all and were not worthy of being his classmates in the future.

His goal was only the Essence Nurturing Gourd and some Red Clouds Stones, while he was at it.

Moreover, Red Clouds Stones were extremely precious to the general public, but as Grand Tutor Hong's grandson, it was nothing much. After all, these Red Clouds Stones were not very pure and could not be compared to the one obtained by General Vajra.

Ling Han sighed. He really didn't want to take the initiative to provoke trouble, but who asked the other party to have such an arrogant attitude? He couldn't take this lying down.

"Hehe, is this your attitude when you ask people questions?" he said calmly.

Hong Tianliang couldn't help but be stunned. Was this kid talking back to him?

There was actually someone who dared to go against him?

How refreshing.

In fact, he was not an unreasonable person. As the grandson of Grand Tutor Hong, his upbringing was definitely top-notch. It was just that he stood too high and was usually flattered, so it was inevitable that he developed some bad habits.

His expression became serious, and said, "I'm sorry, I was too hasty."

Ling Han was slightly surprised. The other party would actually apologize?

It seemed that he could still be saved.

He nodded and said, "Apology accepted. You can go now."

"Oh." Hong Tianliang nodded and strode forward. However, after taking a few steps, realization suddenly dawned on him.

That's not right. Wasn't he asking the other party a question? Why did he simply leave after apologizing?

Realizing that something was wrong, Hong Tianliang suddenly turned around. His gaze swept over, and he saw the green gourd that Ling Han had tied around his waist.

Although he had never seen the real Essence Nurturing Gourd, he was focused on finding it and his thoughts immediately veered towards that direction.

"Are you Huan Xue's companion?" he asked loudly.

He couldn't be sure. These words were a bluff for Ling Han.

Ling Han could have denied it, but what was he afraid of?

"Wrong. Not a companion. She's my maid," he said flatly.

"So you're the one who killed the Demonic Snake in the lake!" Hong Tianliang pointed at Ling Han.

Ling Han frowned slightly. Why did the other party bring this up?

Could it be that this snake was his pet?

"What does it have to do with you?" Ling Han asked.

A smile appeared on Hong Tianliang's face. Now, he was naturally certain that the gourd tied to Ling Han's waist was the Essence Nurturing Gourd that he had painstakingly searched for.

'Good. I've finally found it.'

"Hand over the gourd," he said flatly.

Ling Han had originally felt that the other party was strange, to actually be looking for Huan Xue. Now that the other party said this, he could put the pieces together.

The other party's goal was the green gourd, but he couldn't find it in the lake, so he had asked the seven people lying by the lake. Because those seven people had only seen Huan Xue and Ge Qiuling, the person Hong Tianliang was looking for became Huan Xue.

He smiled and said, "Why should I?"

"Because if you don't give it to me, I'll beat you until you give it to me willingly," Hong Tianliang said confidently.

In terms of martial arts abilities, other than his freakish brother who shouldn't exist in the human world, he didn't think that anyone of the same level could compare to him.

Ling Han laughed loudly. Shouldn't it be him that would be voicing such a threat?

"Sure, let's fight." He crooked his finger.

Hong Tianliang didn't attack immediately. Instead, he said pretentiously, "What's the point? If you give me the gourd now, I can still make you a friend. Otherwise, you'll lose my favor and get beaten up."

"Has anyone ever told you that you'll be struck by lightning if you act cool?" Ling Han reminded kindly.

"Those are just weaklings," Hong Tianliang said calmly, still very pretentious.

Ling Han smiled, and said, "Why don't we make a bet? If I lose, this gourd will belong to you." ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Hong Tianliang placed his hands behind his back. "I won't lose!"

"You really are a fellow who doesn't have social skills. You seem to have the same personality as that dolt." Ling Han sighed.