Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3259 Battling Hong Tianliang

"Take this!" Hong Tianliang shouted and launched an attack.

Hong, he charged out at an extremely fast speed, bringing with him a strong sonic boom.

He was indeed very powerful. Not to mention anything else, just the strong wind brought about by this speed could knock down an ordinary Twelve Meridian.

However, faced with Ling Han, this was naturally far from enough.

Ling Han's upper body didn't move, but his legs moved backward rapidly. Xiu, xiu, xiu, his speed was also extremely terrifying.

They had clearly not exchanged blows, but because Ling Han's speed was too fast, a shockwave formed behind him, and this struck Hong Tianliang's body. It instantly affected him, and his body involuntarily tilted off course.

Hong Tianliang had no choice but to change his route. Otherwise, with his current high speed, if he were to withstand Ling Han's shockwave, he would be completely unable to maintain the correct trajectory of his advance.

He was astonished. Ling Han's speed could actually reach such a level, and was not inferior to his.

Although this was far from his maximum speed, it had long exceeded the level that a Twelve Meridians should be able to reach.

This young man who was a few years younger than him had really surprised him.

"Take this palm strike!" Hong Tianliang humphed, and slapped out with his palm, pressing down on Ling Han.

Force was released, and the force of the palm strike pressed down on the air, forming layers of barriers that turned into a huge hand that could be seen with the naked eye.

Ling Han clenched his fist, and punched out.

BANG!

The force from both sides collided head-on, and it was Ling Han's fist imprint that shattered.

Eh, he had underestimated the other party.

Ling Han's punch only used 150,000kg of strength. He did not expect this to be no match for his opponent.

However, Hong Tianliang felt that it was only natural. He was an existence with 20 meridians, and could step into the Blood Transformation Tier at any time. His power was as high as 250,000 kilograms, which was five times stronger than that of a normal peak stage Meridian Opening Tier cultivator.

"Your strength has actually reached 150,000kg!" He stopped and said with a hint of admiration, "You should have opened all your Hidden Meridians, right?"

In his opinion, an ordinary Twenty Meridians only had 150,000 kilograms of strength. Unless it was a freakish person like him who had opened his Meridians wider, allowing his mystical power to flow faster, and cultivated a high-level cultivation technique, making his mystical power incomparably pure, so he could reach a terrifying power of 250,000 kilograms.

However, compared to that person…

Hong Tianliang's heart clenched slightly. That person's ultimate power in the Meridian Opening Tier had actually reached a terrifying level of 1,000,000 kg, not inferior to an ordinary Fifth Change of Blood Transformation Tier. It was completely inconceivable how this kind of power could be cultivated.

"I'll give you a chance. Submit to me, and I'll bring you onto a greater stage!" he said.

Ling Han stroked his chin, and said with a smile, "You can't give me the stage I want!"

Tsk tsk, what arrogant words.

Hong Tianliang was stunned for a moment before snorting coldly. "People like you are not called confident, but arrogant!"

"Come, come, come. Let's see how powerful you are." Ling Han was very interested. Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

"You'll know!" Hong Tianliang roared and launched another attack. Boom! This time, he increased the power of his attack.

Previously, he hadn't dared to attack too fiercely because he was afraid that Ling Han was too weak. What if he killed Ling Han with a single palm strike?

Although his grandfather was the Grand Tutor of the current government, he did not have absolute property. If he killed someone accidentally, he definitely did not need to pay with his life, but he would still be imprisoned for a few years.

Ling Han also increased some of his power, and clashed head-on with the other party.

BANG!

After this exchange of blows, Hong Tianliang was once again shocked. How had he been blocked by Ling Han again?

He had clearly already raised his power to around 200,000kg. Logically speaking, Ling Han should definitely not be able to block it.

"So you're still hiding your strength!" He said hatefully. This b*stard actually dared to underestimate him. Damn it!

Filled with hatred, he couldn't help but attack with all his might.

The explosive power of 250,000 kilograms was very terrifying.

Ling Han suppressed his cultivation level, and similarly unleashed the power of 500,000 kg, striking the other party again.

BANG!

Hong Tianliang's expression could not help but change drastically under the huge impact, and he looked at Ling Han in disbelief.

He had gone all out, but the other party had ended their clash in a draw.

'Have you been playing with me all this while?'

"I have to admit that I've underestimated you!" he said solemnly.

Ling Han merely smiled faintly.

"However, in the end, you have only just popped out from some random corner!" Hong Tianliang shook his arms, emitting the sound of bones cracking. "By 20 Meridians, you would be able to reach 250,000 kilograms of strength. Your talent is unquestionable, but your background determines your limitations!"

"Again!" With a flick of his legs, he erupted with astonishing speed. Peng, in an instant, he was almost reaching the speed of sound, and he threw a punch at Ling Han.

Yi?

Ling Han was astounded. The strength of the other party's punch definitely exceeded 250,000kg.

Oh, he understood now. Hong Tianliang had indeed gone all out just now, but that was only mystical power, and he had also cultivated Body Arts. Now that the two powers had burst forth at the same time, his strength had been pushed to a new height.

Three hundred thousand kilograms!

Ling Han nodded to himself. This was already enough to catch up to his strength at Twenty Meridians.

Unfortunately, he was not just Twenty Meridians now.

He returned the attack with a punch calmly.

BANG!

Hong Tianliang's punch was once again neutralized by Ling Han.

Hong Tianliang was truly dumbfounded this time. Although 300,000kg of strength was still not his limit, the problem was, how could Ling Han also possess 300,000kg of strength?

Moreover, he was still suspecting that this might not be Ling Han's limit.

"I didn't expect you to be able to temper your body too!" He gritted his teeth.

Cultivating was an easy task. Even if one could not obtain an inherited cultivation technique, they could still rely on fist techniques and foot techniques to embark on the path of cultivation. Moreover, it did not matter if they were poor. The heaven and earth was the most selfless, and everyone could draw power from the heaven and earth.

However, Body Arts was different.

This was very costly, extremely costly. Even Blood Transformation Tier-level clans couldn't afford it. Moreover, even if two people both cultivated Body Arts, their levels would still vary. For Extreme Bone Tier-level clans, they could only be said to be playing around.

His maximum power was 400,000kg. If he used it alone, his mystical power would be 250,000kg, and his physical power alone would be 200,000kg. If he used both at the same time, it would not be a one plus one effect, but a little inferior than that.

After all, the fusion of two different powers couldn't possibly achieve a state of perfection.

Except for his freakish brother.

Now, Ling Han actually also possessed 300,000kg of strength, shocking him. This brat from some remote village was too freakish.

"I really don't believe it!" Hong Tianliang erupted again. This time, he did not hold back anymore. Instead, he poured out all 400,000kg of strength.

Boom, this punch had the power to topple mountains and overturn seas.

The power of Body Arts could not be underestimated.

Ling Han was suddenly very curious. He had also started to cultivate Body Arts now, so his maximum strength had definitely exceeded 500,000 kilograms. How much was it exactly?

With this thought in mind, he instinctively threw a punch. He could not control it and directly exerted 500,000kg of strength.

BANG!