Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3260 The Second Limit

Xiu, Hong Tianliang was sent flying.

Even if their fists did not directly collide, Ling Han's strength was too powerful. The remaining power was still enough to hit Hong Tianliang's body, and easily send him flying.

Bang! Hong Tianliang fell heavily to the ground.

However, even 500,000 kilograms of strength was not enough to cause much damage to him. After all, his body refinement had also reached Small Accomplishment level. This blow was not very light, but it was indeed not very fierce either.

He immediately climbed to his feet, but the gaze he shot at Ling Han was filled with shock.

"500,000kilograms of strength!" He said in shock, "You have actually attained 500,000kilograms of strength!"

Ling Han came back to his senses. It turned out that he had accidentally used too much force. He smiled slightly, and asked, "Are you hurt?"

Such concern was simply a huge humiliation.

Hong Tianliang's chest heaved violently.

In the same cultivation level, other than that freakish brother of his who shouldn't exist in the human world, he never thought that anyone could defeat him. But now, there was such a young man standing in front of him.

500,000 kilograms of strength!

There were two extremes in the Meridian Opening Tier, and the first limit was the power of 500,000 kilograms. He hadn't reached it yet, but he believed that as long as he obtained the Essence Nurturing Gourd and used it to nourish himself for about a year or so, he would definitely be able to push himself to this limit.

As far as he knew, there were indeed quite a few people in the Imperial Capital who had rushed up to this limit, such as some freakishly talented princes and a few descendants of the Four Great Generals. However, most of them had already rushed up to the Blood Transformation Tier or an even higher cultivation level.

The second limit was a million kilograms of strength.

This was too terrifying, because even an ordinary Fifth Change Blood Transformation Tier only had this bit of power.

It was impossible to reach such a height with only mystical power. It was said that the limit of mystical power was 500,000 kilograms of strength. One had to train in Body Arts and obtain 500,000 kilograms of strength as well. Moreover, one had to perfectly fuse the two together to reach the second limit of a million kilograms.

This… was something almost no one could achieve.

Except for one person.

That brother of his that didn't seem like he should be in the human world!

Ling Han should not be able to reach the strength of a million kilograms, but breaking through to attain the strength of 500,000 kilograms was also very, very shocking. In the Meridian Opening Tier, that could even be considered the strongest, right?

"I didn't expect to meet a prodigy here." Hong Tianliang calmed down.

"I'm just so-so." Ling Han was very humble. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

'You're just so-so? Then who else can be called a prodigy?'

Hong Tianliang had already controlled his emotions. He stared at Ling Han, and said, "On another occasion, you can still be friends with me, but for the sake of this Essence Nurturing Gourd, I must fight for it!"

Essence Nurturing Gourd?

Ling Han gave an 'oh'. This was the name of the green gourd.

He smiled faintly and said, "What qualifies you to defeat me?"

"Battle prowess doesn't just depend on power. Otherwise, there's no need for everyone to fight. Wouldn't it be settled by competing in power?" Hong Tianliang said.

This was indeed logical. Power was only a part of battle prowess, and of course, it was also a very important part, perhaps even the most important part.

"Furthermore, my strength might not lose to yours!" Hong Tianliang added.

Ling Han was surprised. "You haven't used your full strength yet?"

Hong Tianliang's face was filled with pride, and he did not answer Ling Han's question. Instead, a red light surged around his body, and blood vessels bulged out, instantly destroying his handsome appearance.

Ling Han gave an 'oh', and said, "So you've channeled a cultivation technique to erupt."

For example, after he channeled the Brother Monkey Cultivation Technique, his power would receive a small burst in a short period of time. The power overlap could even reach 20 levels. Of course, the time he could maintain this burst of power was very short.

Hong Tianliang should have done the same.

"That's right!" Hong Tianliang snorted. "I cultivate the Tiger King Technique. It's focused on killing and can destroy everything!"

'You make it sound pretty good.'

"Come, let me take a look at it!" Ling Han said with a smile.

"You will!" Hong Tianliang said. Then, he suddenly pounced forward. Peng, his feet stomped on the ground. Under the explosive power, his speed instantly broke through the speed of sound.

From Ling Han's point of view, it was extremely strange. This was because Hong Tianliang had erupted with a terrifying momentum, but on his side, it was completely silent, and nothing could be heard.

There was only a distance of 9 to 12 meters between the two of them. How long would it take to travel this distance at the speed of sound?

In the blink of an eye, Hong Tianliang had already arrived.

He struck out with his palm, which travelled on an unusual course.

'Interesting.'

Ling Han smiled faintly. He didn't use the Demonic Monkey Fists, and only threw a normal punch, but it increased his power by a large margin. In addition to his physical power, he should have at least 750,000kg.

Bang! Bang! Bang! Bang!

Hong Tianliang had clearly only sent out a single palm strike, yet it had already formed over a dozen blows. However, even so, it had only barely neutralized the might of Ling Han's fist.

"What!" Hong Tianliang's jaw dropped.

As he channeled his cultivation technique, the power from before had already rushed up to the first limit of 500,000 kilograms. Coupled with the addition of fourteen layers of power, even a Third Change Blood Transformation Tier cultivator might be slapped to death by him.

However, Ling Han resolved it with a single punch.

His punch was simple, ordinary, and not deliberate at all.

Gosh, how strong was this guy?

600,000 kilograms? 750,000 kilograms?

"Is this your ultimate power?" Hong Tianliang gasped.

Ling Han thought for a moment. Although he had yet to channel the Brother Monkey Cultivation Technique, he had indeed pushed his basic power to the extreme. Thus, he nodded, and said, "That's right."

Hong Tianliang was speechless. He was confident that he could reach the first limit, but that was all. It was impossible for him to reach a height of 750,000 kilograms.

"I've lost," he said dejectedly. Although he had said just now that being powerful did not mean that one's battle prowess was stronger, when one's power reached a certain level, it would be a crushing advantage.

For example, in that attack just now, Ling Han did not need to use any technique at all. A casual strike was enough to disintegrate his explosive power. What else could he do?

"In terms of power alone, there are only a handful of people in the Meridian Opening Tier who can stand shoulder to shoulder with you," he said again, as if defending himself. It wasn't that he wasn't powerful, but that Ling Han was too powerful.

"However, you're far inferior to that person," Hong Tianliang added.

This was the shadow in his heart, but it was also his pride.

"Oh?" Ling Han was a little interested.

"Before that person advanced into the Blood Transformation Tier, he reached a strength of a million kilograms!" Hong Tianliang said word by word, and the expression on his face was very strange. There was both admiration, jealousy, and dejection.

"Even the Holy Emperor gave this evaluation after finding out—heavenly talent!"

Ling Han smiled faintly, and asked, "That person is your older brother?"

Hong Tianliang nodded and did not say anything else.

Interesting. He was clearly his biological brother, but he even deliberately avoided saying his name.

Ling Han could understand. With such a freakishly powerful older brother, how much psychological pressure did he feel? Because no matter how well or how outstanding you did, you paled in comparison to that person.

"What's your brother's name?"