Chapter 3261 Overwhelmingly freakish

Hong Tianliang took a deep breath and said after a long time, "Hong Tianbu!"

The names of these two brothers were very domineering. One measured the heavens, and the other walked the heavens[1]. Naming them in this manner, and not the other way round, was probably to avoid committing a taboo. After all, there was still a royal family above the Hong Clan. It was said that the current Holy Emperor's martial arts were unparalleled, and any other person could only look up to him. 𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

"An existence that you can only look up to no matter how hard you work," Hong Tianliang continued. "I was able to break through to the Blood Transformation Tier when I was 18 years old. In the records for Blood Transformation Tier, this is enough to rank in the top ten."

"However, in order to reach that person's record in the Meridian Opening Tier, I've delayed it until now."

It was really quite sad to live in the shadow of another person for the rest of your life, trying hard to surpass them, only to find that it was futile.

There was a kind of person who was overwhelmingly freakish to the point of being unreasonable.

Ling Han's interest was piqued, and he asked, "When did Hong Tianbu break through to the Blood Transformation Tier?"

"17 years old!" Hong Tianliang gritted his teeth.

One had already reached a million kilograms of power at the age of 17, and had advanced into the Blood Transformation Tier. The other was already at the age of 22, but was still struggling bitterly at the first limit, and it was still unknown if he would be able to charge up to the level of his brother.

In comparison, the difference between was as great as the sky and earth.

It could not be said that Hong Tianliang was not prodigious enough, but that the person whom he was being compared to was even more freakish.

"Then what is Hong Tianbu's current cultivation level?" Ling Han asked.

Hong Tianliang glanced at Ling Han, and a strange expression appeared on his face. There was sympathy, but also schadenfreude, and he said, "Extreme Bone Tier, and has reached the Fourth Extreme!"

The Extreme Bone Tier was also divided into five minor levels. As for the Fourth Extreme, it was not far from breaking through to the next major tier.

Any prodigy would pale in comparison to Hong Tianbu and feel ashamed of their inferiority. It would not even be surprising that they would never recover from this setback.

Hong Tianbu was an existence that could make people despair.

From this point of view, Hong Tianliang had always lived in the shadow of that person, but it was actually quite a feat already for him to be able to maintain his high fighting spirit.

Ling Han gave an 'oh', and a strong fighting spirit arose in his heart.

If Hong Tianbu's cultivation level was lowered to the Meridian Opening Tier, then he shouldn't be a match for him now, because he knew that his strength definitely hadn't reached a million kg.

Battle technique? Experience?

Yes, that was very important, but since Hong Tianbu was so freakish, he definitely wouldn't be inferior in these two aspects. Even if he was a little lacking, the huge difference in power of 250,000 kilograms was enough to make up for it.

Finally, there was a rival whom he wanted to surpass.

Regarding this, Ling Han could only feel a raging fighting spirit. Under the pressure, his fighting spirit was simply about to soar into the sky.

It was just like when he had Ji Wuming as a rival, giving Ling Han immense pressure, which was what allowed his cultivation level to rise so quickly.

Ling Han was filled with confidence. After he completed the body tempering of the Meridian Opening Tier, his strength would definitely reach the height of a million kg.

"Let me give you a piece of advice. Don't use that person as a goal to attain and surpass," Hong Tianliang said. These were indeed his heartfelt words.

Ling Han cracked a smile, and said, "As thanks for what you said, I'll save you some face. Hand over all the Red Clouds Stones, and I won't rob you of anything else."

'What!'

Hong Tianliang was stunned. "You want to rob me?"

Ling Han couldn't help but laugh. "You can rob me, but I'm not allowed to rob you?"

That's true.

However, Hong Tianliang still could not believe it. He was Grand Tutor Hong's second grandson. You really dare to rob me?

He shook his head. "Not on your life!"

A man could be killed, but he could not be humiliated. To him, defeat was fine, but to still be robbed, that was definitely not acceptable. He could not afford to suffer that embarrassment.

Ling Han smiled, and said, "That's not up to you!"

When he moved, he did not hold back this time. He unleashed the Demonic Monkey Fists, and his battle prowess increased again.

Hong Tianliang parried, but Ling Han could neutralize his strongest attack with a single punch. Now that Ling Han had used power overlap instead, how could Hong Tianliang block it?

In just a dozen moves, he was taken down by Ling Han.

Hong Tianliang's face was filled with unwillingness. If they were to fight outside, he would have had several Spirit Tools and Talisman Weapons. How could he be defeated by Ling Han?

BANG!

Ling Han threw a punch over. Hong Tianliang's eyes rolled back, and he fainted.

"Young Master!" Huan Xue came over slowly. However, she had also caught her prey. She was carrying a small goat, and the little pink pig was squatting on the goat.

Ling Han nodded, and searched Hong Tianliang.

Tsk, what grandson of Grand Tutor Hong? Why was he so poor?

Ling Han sighed, but when he thought about it, there was indeed no need for him to bring anything with him in this competition.

Fortunately, Hong Tianliang had seven Red Clouds Stones with him.

Hadn't this guy been continuously looking for the Essence Nurturing Gourd? How could he still have the time to look for the Red Clouds Stone?

'Who cares? I'll take them.'

Ling Han put away the Red Clouds Stones. While he ate, he placed Hong Tianliang under his butt, using him as a chair.

"Young Master, eat!" Huan Xue served him attentively.

The little lecherous pig was dissatisfied and cried out. It also wanted to eat, b*stard.

It stared at Ling Han, its face full of bitterness and hatred.

Ling Han chuckled. He naturally wouldn't fuss over minor matters with a pig.

Well, if there was a chance, he would bring this pig to Brother Monkey. He believed that Brother Monkey should be able to tell the background of this pig.

Shua la la, just as the two of them were enjoying their meal, nine people dashed out from the dense forest almost at the same time, surrounding Ling Han and Huan Xue.

Huan Xue was shocked. Pa, the meat in her hand immediately fell. It was still attached to the bone, and smashed onto the little pink pig's head, causing it to "scream".

"Hand over the Red Clouds Stone!" The nine people shouted at the same time.

The little pink pig immediately jumped up and whined at the nine of them. It meant 'they had caused Lord Pig to be hit. What could they use to compensate?'

Unfortunately, no one understood the pig's cry. Even if they did, no one would care.

It had roared in vain.

"Are you guys thinking of robbing me?" Ling Han asked with a smile.

"Yes, this is a robbery!" Someone shouted. "If you don't want to suffer, hand over the Red Clouds Stone!"

"What if I don't?"

"Then we'll beat you until you're willing to hand it over!" one of them said fiercely.

"Yi, Big Brother, look at that person's butt…" Someone suddenly pointed at the spot beneath Ling Han and said.

Pa, he was hit on the head.

"We're here to rob, and you're actually f*cking concerned about someone else's butt?" The big brother roared.

This lackey had liked men's butts for a long time, but to actually get distracted at such an important time, this was too much.

"It's not that, Big Brother. Look at the bottom of that person's butt!" The lackey was very aggrieved. Can you let him finish speaking?

That big brother swept a glance at the place beneath Ling Han's behind. At first, he was nonchalant, and then immediately revealed a look of shock.

Damn, that was Hong Tianliang!

A strong chill immediately rose up his back. Who didn't know Hong Tianliang? He was Grand Tutor Hong's second grandson and that person's younger brother!

[1] 'Tianliang' means heaven-measurer, and 'Tianbu' means heaven-walker.