Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

3262 Forbidden Land

Hong Tianliang's martial prowess was definitely the best among the younger generation of the Imperial Capital. He could be said to be the strongest in Meridian Opening Tier, and no one would doubt this point.

But now?

He was actually being used as a chair. How shocking was this scene? It could be said that defeating Hong Tianliang was already an unbelievable thing, but he even dared to treat Grand Tutor Hong's grandson and that person's younger brother as a human chair. This was even more shocking.

This was a peerless ferocious person.

And they actually wanted to rob such a peerless ferocious person?

Hiss, they must be tired of living.

Ling Han smiled slightly, and said, "Alright, come and try robbing me."

"Alright, we'll be robbing you then!" Several people hadn't recognized Hong Tianliang yet. After all, who would believe that Hong Tianliang would be used as a cushion? They were immediately eager.

"B*stard!" That Big Brother immediately flew into a rage, and continuously kicked and kicked, torturing those few subordinates. Only then did he say to Ling Han shamelessly, "Sir, it's my subordinates who are insensible, please don't take it to heart."

Eh, why did Big Brother change from arrogance to deference? 

They got it!

It must be Big Brother's plan. First, he would lull Ling Han into a state of carelessness, then he would wait for an opportunity to attack and succeed at the first strike.Thê sourc𝗲 of this content n/o/v/(𝒆l)bi((n))

Amazing, as expected of their big brother.

All the lackeys thought this in their hearts. They immediately felt admiration for their boss, surging forth like a river that flowed endlessly.

Ling Han looked at this boss, and said calmly, "Then you mean you won't rob me?"

"No, no, no, I wouldn't dare!" The boss hurriedly shook his head, cold sweat flowing down his face.

"Tsk, Boss's acting skills are so good!'

The lackeys said in their hearts, feeling even more admiration for their boss.

Ling Han shook his head, and said, "How can I do that? As a man, you have to keep your word. Since you have promised to rob me, you can't give up halfway."

"Milord, I was wrong." The boss knelt down. He really couldn't afford to offend a fierce person who dared to treat Hong Tianliang as a human cushion. Even if no one would be allowed to kill anyone here, they wouldn't be staying here forever.

'Eh, Boss's sacrifice was too great!

Was there a need to go this far just to deceive his opponent?

They looked at each other and saw the confusion in each other's eyes. If it were them, they would definitely not sacrifice themselves like this.

'Boss, you're too great!

They were all prepared to attack, waiting for their boss to suddenly turn hostile.

Ling Han smiled, and said, "Are you really not going to rob anymore?"﻿

The boss shook his head like a rattle drum. "I wouldn't dare! Absolutely not!"

Ling Han nodded, and said, "Since you're not robbing anymore, leave then. You can't be thinking of extorting me for food, right?" 

"Leave! Leave! We'll be leaving immediately!" The boss heaved a sigh of relief. It would be best if they could escape unscathed like this.

He got up and waved his hand. "Hurry up and scram!"

The lackeys were at a loss. Wasn't it a move to deceive the opponent and then attack?

The deception was a success, but why wasn't he attacking?

"What are you waiting for? Get lost!" The boss shouted. Are you trying to cause trouble for him? It wasn't easy for this peerless ferocious person to let them go.

Although the lackeys did not understand, they naturally had to listen to their boss's words. They all followed him and left.

Ling Han couldn't help but smile. He hadn't expected Hong Tianliang to be of some use.

If Hong Tianliang knew about this, he would probably vomit blood. Could it be that his only value was just as intimidation for a few hooligans?

One night passed, and on the second day, Ling Han and Huan Xue continued on their way. The unlucky Hong Tianliang was still lying there. Surely, with his physique, he wouldn't catch a cold even if he had frozen for an entire night.

Ling Han re-examined the Essence Nurturing Gourd, and discovered that the mysterious energy here had been replenished, and it had even reached a rather dense level.

He understood now. As long as there were no living creatures inside, the gourd would produce nourishing energy. Once a living creature entered the gourd, this energy would begin to nourish it until it was exhausted.

No wonder it was called the Essence Nurturing Gourd.

Unfortunately, Ling Han was not Hong Tianliang. His optical computer could not connect to the Internet, so he could not find any more information about the Essence Nurturing Gourd.

The two of them continued to wander around. This region was very, very large, and it was inevitable that they would be robbed again during this period. In the end, they were naturally the ones who robbed others, which also allowed Ling Han to obtain more and more Red Clouds Stones.

On the third, fourth, and fifth day, time passed very quickly. As the end of the selection period approached, these participants also became crazy. More and more attacks occurred among them.

Ling Han naturally didn't care. Right now, he was absolutely invincible in the Meridian Opening Tier. Even if people like Hong Tianliang and Ge Qiuling, who had opened twenty meridians, joined forces, he would still be fearless. Even ten of them wouldn't be enough.

He was studying the Essence Nurturing Gourd and went in to cultivate every day. He realized that although the energy inside could be used to cultivate, it actually increased his Spiritual power even more.

Nourishing the essence, what was being nourished was the spirit! 

Ling Han couldn't help but be pleasantly surprised, because up until now, there were many methods and means to improve his mystical power and temper his physique, and there was no lack of alchemical pills and natural treasures. The only difference lay in the price of the various means.

However, was there a cultivation technique that could increase one's Spiritual power? As for the Treasured Fruit, it was even more priceless. He had only obtained an Amazing Cloud Fruit after obtaining the first place in the Martial Arts Competition in Huju City.

The Essence Nurturing Gourd could strengthen one's Spiritual power. It was definitely a precious treasure.

Hong Tianliang probably didn't know much either. He only thought that the Essence Nurturing Gourd could nourish the body and increase the level of being, but he didn't know that it was targeted at divine sense.

There was no need to tell him.

Ling Han was very satisfied. Currently, his Spiritual power could only be used in alchemy and formations, but he had a feeling that the field of martial arts had just begun to sprout, and there would definitely be more uses for it in the future.

On the seventh, eighth, and ninth day, people became even crazier and completely lost their minds.

Originally, the weak would not dare to attack the elites, but now, such a thing had happened.

Some used ambushes, while others joined forces. In short, there were battles everywhere.

Meanwhile, Ling Han and Huan Xue arrived at the foot of a mountain peak. There was a sign erected there, and the words "Danger ahead, entry forbidden" were written on it.

"Young Master, let's turn back." Huan Xue was timid. This was caused by her background; her horizons had not been broadened yet.

However, Ling Han was extremely interested, and said, "It's fine. The rules of the selection didn't say where we can't go, so there's no harm in going in to take a look."
﻿
"But Young Master, it's very dangerous inside!" Huan Xue said softly. She was worried about safety, but she didn't dare to disobey her Young Master.

"If there's danger, we can still hide in the gourd. Don't be afraid." Since Ling Han's interest was piqued, how could he give up on the idea with just a few words?

"Oh." Huan Xue could only nod. She had never been one to have very strong views.

The two of them walked past the sign and headed up the mountain.

Along the way, theydidn't see anything strange. Huan Xue gradually relaxed. That might be someone's prank.

However, Ling Han revealed a solemn expression.
 