Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3264: Leaves

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

After running a few steps, the fat dog also realized that it felt a little uncomfortable with a pig stuffed in its mouth.

Although the suckling pig was not big, it was not that small either. After stuffing a small suckling pig into its mouth, its upper jaw was raised so high that it was almost blocking its vision.

It bit hard, wanting to chew the pig into pieces as an appetizer. However, it realized that the pig was surprisingly elastic the moment it bit down. Although it bit down, it did not bite through the pig’s body. Instead, its fangs immediately bounced back up.

What was going on?

The fat dog was a little dumbfounded. It was an Extreme Bone Tier existence, yet it actually couldn’t bite a little suckling pig to pieces?

It bit again, but it was still useless. UppTodat𝒆d fr𝒐m nô/v/e/lb(i)n.c(o)/m

After a few bites, it had to admit that it really couldn’t bite through this guy in its mouth.

How was he going to chase after Ling Han like this?

It hurriedly coughed up the little suckling pig.

The little lecherous pig immediately began to grunt and whine, its anger evident in its words. It scolded Ling Han for being disloyal, and then it scolded this stupid dog for having eyes but failing to see, even daring to eat it!

Just wait. Once it went out, it would eat dog meat every day until it vomited.

The big fat dog stared at the lecherous pig. It was actually very interested in this pig, but after some thought, it was better to capture the guy who wanted to steal the leaves first. After all, this was the academy’s forbidden land, and this kid actually dared to come here to steal. It had to capture him.

Thinking of a particular person’s whip, it couldn’t help but tremble. It didn’t want to be beaten anymore.

Chase!

It moved its four legs rapidly and chased after Ling Han.

Huan Xue was dumbfounded. This seemed to be the same as the plan. The big fat dog had gone to chase after Young Master, but she felt that something was wrong.

She hurriedly ran out and picked a few leaves. Then, she ran over and picked up the little lecherous pig before running away.

This big fat dog would be back soon. She had to leave as soon as possible, or she would definitely be in trouble.

Ling Han ran.

Although he had set off first and the big dog was delayed for a moment, its speed was very fast, even faster than when Ling Han was using Shuttle Steps. When he turned around, he saw that it was rapidly approaching.

This was almost twice the speed of sound.

Seeing that half a minute was almost up, Ling Han discovered that he was still far from reaching his limit. Otherwise, at this time, he would have felt his entire body burning up, especially his legs, as if they were about to explode.

This was the result of his body tempering. Now that his physique had become stronger, the limits of his endurance had naturally increased as well.

Even so, the fat dog was getting closer and closer. It wouldn’t take long for it to catch up to him.

F*ck, weren’t you so lazy that you couldn’t even wake up from having a rock smash into you? Why did you suddenly wake up? You’re clearly so lazy, so why are you running so fast? Speaking of which, is all that fat just for appearances?

How can you run so fast?’

Ling Han grumbled in his heart. He was about to be caught up, but he was only a short distance away from the Essence Nurturing Gourd.

He channeled the Brother Monkey Cultivation Technique and a small burst of speed appeared.

Peng, he reached about 1.5 times the speed of sound, causing the fat dog to immediately slow down.

The big fat dog panted heavily. It would not let this thief escape.

It stretched out its claws and swatted at Ling Han. The distance between them was already close enough.

However, right at this moment, Shua, its dog eyes blurred, and Ling Han had already disappeared from its sight.

What was going on!

The big fat dog hurriedly stopped in its tracks and sniffed around as it searched everywhere. However, the little thief’s aura was cut off and disappeared in this spot just ahead of it.

It was too strange.

It looked around but did not find anything. When it returned to its original spot, it sat down and scratched its neck with its claws, feeling puzzled.

Forget it, it was fine even if he disappeared. Anyway, nothing had been stolen by that thief. As long as it didn’t say anything, it would pretend that nothing had happened. As the saying went, it was better to avoid trouble. Going home to sleep was the easiest.

This fat dog’s lazy attribute had gained the upper hand. Moreover, it also wanted to study the little suckling pig. It clearly hadn’t sensed any fluctuations in energy, so why was its skin so thick that it could even block its sharp teeth?

It trotted back. ‘Eh, where’s the pig?

Looking at the short tree again, it couldn’t help but be dumbfounded.

Thirteen leaves were missing!

Judging from the freshness of the harvest, it was obvious that someone had picked them after it left.

Not good, he had fallen into the trap of luring the tiger, no, luring the dog away from the mountain.

When it thought of someone’s whip, it couldn’t help but tuck its tail between its legs. Hiss, should it consider digging a hole and hiding for a few days?

After the big fat dog left, Ling Han hurriedly came out of the Essence Nurturing Gourd, and immediately ran down the mountain to meet up with Huan Xue.

If that fat dog suddenly gained intelligence and stood guard at the place where he had disappeared, things would be very bad.

“Young Master!” Huan Xue finally heaved a sigh of relief when she saw Ling ridll.

She hurriedly took out thirteen leaves and handed them to Ling Han. Because time was of the essence, she had only picked these few leaves.

Ling Han put twelve leaves into the gourd, and only took one to study.

The academy had sent an Extreme Bone Tier Demonic Beast to guard this tree, so it was definitely not an ordinary item. However, in a short period of time, Ling Han could only come to one conclusion, and that was that the leaf itself had an extremely strong toughness, and he could not tear a hole into it. Just this point alone was enough to show that these leaves were extraordinary.

“I’ll research further after I get out and connect to the Internet.”

He put away the leaf and began his robbery plan.

When his luck attribute was activated, he would always encounter ignorant people who took the initiative to try and rob him. There was no need for him to find them himself. Then, the number of Red Clouds Stones in his possession increased, almost exceeding 100.

Finally, the ten-day deadline was up.

Everyone was sent out by the formation and appeared in the plaza again. Most of them sighed. They did not obtain a Red Clouds Stone, so it was obvious that they were not fated to enter the Imperial Capital Academy.

“Those who have the Red Clouds Stone, stay behind. The rest of you, leave immediately.” An incomparably dignified old geezer, a representative of the academy, said loudly. His voice was loud and clear, making one’s ears hurt.

The crowd began to leave, leaving behind only a few people.

When the academy’s personnel counted, he couldn’t help but have a strange expression on his face. This was because their original intention was to pick out the 100 people who had the most number of Red Clouds Stones, but there were only 79 people in front of them.

Then, he had to verify if they all had Red Clouds Stones. Those that did would be able to pass and enter the Imperial Capital Academy.

“Take out the Red Clouds Stones,” the old geezer said. According to people who recognized him, his name was Pan Tianyu. He was a High Level teacher in the academy and was known for his fiery temper. He was an Extreme Bone Tier elite.

Therefore, he definitely could be angered. Otherwise, the perpetrator would definitely be beaten up for nothing.

Everyone took out their own Red Clouds Stones. The least number was four to five. Even for people like Ge Qiuling, who had twenty meridians, he had only obtained twelve Red Clouds Stones. Hong Tianliang had even fewer, only nine.

…He had been plundered by Ling Han, so there naturally wouldn’t be many of them left.

Pan Tianyu was surprised. Eh, this number was not right. The academy had clearly planted 300 Red Clouds Stones this time.. Could it be that more than half of them had not been discovered?