Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3265: Weapon Nurturing Tree

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

It was only when Ling Han took out the Red Clouds Stones that Pan Tianyu realized why only 70-odd people had obtained the Red Clouds Stones, and the number that each person had obtained was so small.

-this guy alone got more than 100 of them.

F*ck, is your luck heaven-defying, or did you rob so many people?

“Good, very good. You’ve all passed.” Pan Tianyu nodded. “From today onwards, you’re official members of the Imperial Capital Academy. Go back and pack up. You’ll officially report tomorrow morning.”

Hearing this, everyone was incomparably excited. The Imperial Capital Academy was the holy land of martial arts that every young person dreamed of entering.

They left. Before stepping outside the gates, they recorded their fingerprints again. This way, their identity information would be recorded in the academy.

The Imperial Capital Academy did not charge tuition fees. It was established by the royal family and was generous.

Hong Tianliang looked at Ling Han a few more times before turning around and leaving. His gaze was very complicated, and it contained many things that he had yet to say.

There was no way he would give up on the Essence Nurturing Gourd, so he would just leave it with Ling Han for now. One day, he would snatch it back.

He was very arrogant, and disdained to use the Hong Clan’s name to suppress Ling Han. Thus, the only way he could obtain the Essence Nurturing Gourd was to surpass Ling Han in terms of abilities, and then defeat his opponent.

Thus, he would cultivate diligently from now on, and quickly reach the first limit of 500,000 kilograms of power. Then, he would break through to the Blood Transformation Tier, and use the advantage of his cultivation level to suppress Ling Han.

“Brother!” Ge Qiuling walked over.

Ling Han was actually a little “afraid” of this guy, because he was completely unable to differentiate between truth and teasing, and it would definitely cause a lot of awkwardness.

Hence, he only nodded slightly and left with Huan Xue.

After leaving for ten days, he had to go back and take a look. He did not want anyone to break into his empty room and steal what was inside.

Fortunately, the hotel he stayed in was quite high-end. There was no lack of security, and not a single thing was missing.

Ling Han relaxed. Although he had spent a lot of money, he had not spent it in

vain.

After one night, he and Huan Xue went to check out of the hotel because from today onwards, they would no longer need it and could move into the Imperial Capital Academy.

He didn’t have to worry about not being able to find Sun Jianfang. He had the optical computer and could contact him anytime.

As he walked towards the academy, he searched for information about the Essence Nurturing Gourd, but he could not find any information. However, it was not difficult to find information about that strange tree. There was a lot of relevant information.

That was called the Weapon Nurturing Tree. It would not bear fruit. The precious thing was those leaves.

Because the leaves could be used as Talisman Weapons!

The Weapon Nurturing Tree had 999 leaves, and after each leaf completely grew, it would be what was presently considered the highest grade of Talisman Weapon. It could unleash the power of Inscription Tier.

The Inscription Tier was the cultivation level above the Extreme Bone Tier.

However, the 13 leaves in Ling Han’s hand were still far from reaching the level of complete growth. As for how much power they could unleash, it was unknown. That had to be verified through actual combat.

Ling Han didn’t dare to use himself as a test. What if he unleashed an attack of Extreme Bone Tier?

That would be courting death.

Ling Han also found out about the level of martial arts in the imperial capital. This represented the highest level of martial arts in the entire Dark North Nation.

Above the Extreme Bone Tier was the Inscription Tier, and above the Inscription Tier was the Enlightenment Tier.

It was said that in the entire Dark North Nation, there was only one person who had reached the Enlightenment Tier, and that was the current Holy

Emperor, standing proudly at the peak of martial arts, invincible in the world.

But even so, this Holy Emperor often went into seclusion. It was said that he wanted to break through to the cultivation level above Enlightenment Tier.

However, no one knew what cultivation level was above Enlightenment Tier.

The field of martial arts had just begun, and all the information came from the previous civilization, but the information they had now was too little. In fact, most people thought that the Enlightenment Tier was the peak of the martial arts, because in the entire Dark North Nation, only the Holy Emperor, His Imperial Majesty, had reached this level.

In that case, this must be the peak of martial arts. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

…The Holy Emperor, His Majesty, was the best in martial arts and literature in the world. Even he could only cultivate to the Enlightenment Tier, so if the

Enlightenment Tier was not the end of martial arts, then what was the end?

Below Enlightenment Tier, there were many, many more Inscription Tier elites.

For example, His Majesty, the Holy Emperor’s older children, the Four Generals who guarded the Dark North Nation, the Lord Chairman who looked over the administrative affairs, and Grand Tutor Hong.

Apart from that, he didn’t know if there were other Inscription Tier elites, but there definitely wouldn’t be many of them. Perhaps he had only missed two or three others.

After that, there were more Extreme Bone Tier elites. There were even a few in the Imperial Capital Academy.

The Imperial Capital was really filled with crouching tigers and hidden dragons. It had to be known that when an Extreme Bone Tier elite walked out of the Imperial Capital, they could build a top-notch noble clan in any city.

Ling Han sighed with emotion. He finally had a comprehensive understanding of the present-day martial arts.

Of the five cultivation levels, the fifth was the king.

Ling Han even specially searched for Hong Tianbu’s information. This person was really very freakish. He had reached the Blood Transformation Tier at the age of seventeen, and advanced into the Extreme Bone Tier at the age of twenty. Now that he was twenty-three, he was already standing on the fourth cultivation level on the ladder, the Extreme Bone Tier.

If he took two more steps, he would be able to reach the Inscription Tier, second only to one person, and above all others.

From the fact that Hong Tianbu had cultivated a million kilograms in the Meridian Opening Tier, it could be inferred that this person had definitely cultivated every cultivation level to perfection. Otherwise, he probably wouldn’t be at the Fourth Extreme now, but would have stepped into the Inscription Tier long ago.

“In other words, this person’s battle prowess has definitely reached the Inscription Tier. The question is which level in Inscription Tier he can match now.”

“It’s very stressful. Such an opponent!”

Although he said that he was under a lot of pressure, his eyes were shining. Only in this way, would he have motivation.

The car soon arrived at the Imperial Capital Academy. The two of them got out of the car, swiped their fingerprints, and passed through the academy’s gate.

Naturally, there were people from the academy who were in charge of arranging accommodation for them and explaining the rules of the academy. In summary, it was very simple. They could fight as they pleased, as long as they did not kill or cripple anyone.

Therefore, fighting in the academy was not rare at all.

For example, the grandsons of the Four Great Generals had already formed their own forces. When they left the academy in the future, there would naturally be other descendants of the Four Great Generals to take over. This kind of inheritance was not a tradition for a year or two in the academy, but a few decades. It started from the sons of the Four Great Generals and Grand Tutor Hong.

Scattered soldiers were at the greatest disadvantage After being bullied bv powerful senior brothers and sisters, they had nowhere to seek justice. Therefore, new students who entered the academy would find a backer to lean on as soon as possible.

To the children of nobles, they had already decided on their backing before entering the academy. For people like the Four Great Generals, they naturally had many fierce generals under them. The children of these fierce generals would definitely follow the descendants of the corresponding commander. This year’s situation was special. The academy was also open to civilians, so these 79 people needed to find their own backers.

Hong Tianliang was an exception. Back then, Hong Tianbu had raised the Hong Clan’s force to a height that others could only look up to. Now, Hong Tianliang only needed to take over and have powerful senior brothers and sisters to assist him.

“Fun,” Ling Han murmured.. “Are there any ignorant people who want to attack