Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3276 - 3276: Challenge

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

After a night, Hu Yang had completely recovered to his peak condition.

In other words, his blood and Qi could boil at any time, erupting with the strongest battle prowess.

He immediately wanted to find Ling Han and teach him a good lesson to vent his anger.

However, he quickly received news. Just this morning, there were many people visiting Ling Han’s place, such as Bei Hege and Liu Shiming.

Who was Bei Hege?

Xuanyuan Dingguo’s capable subordinate. His meeting with Ling Han was definitely not just a private act, but represented Xuanyuan Dingguo’s will.

As for Liu Shiming?

He was Qin Xinghuo’s subordinate, and Qin Xinghuo was the seventh grandson of the General Vajra!

Hu Yang immediately felt apprehensive.

If he were to go to Ling Han’s residence and beat him up now, that would be equivalent to slapping Xuanyuan Dingguo and Qin Xinghuo in the face.

Although Hu Yang developing the Hu Clan Gang would inevitably cause conflict with the Xuanyuan Gang and the Qin Clan Gang, that was only a small conflict among the subordinates. It could not rise to their level.

If they were to fight head-on, the Xuanyuan Gang and the Qin Clan Gang could easily defeat the Hu Clan Gang.

Provoking two clans at the same time?

‘Haha.’

Therefore, it was not feasible to rashly attack.

However, it was impossible for Hu Yang to swallow his anger.

“Then challenge him.” Hu Yang had an idea. If Ling Han accepted the challenge, then he could beat Ling Han up in battle. Even Xuanyuan Dingguo and Qin Xinghuo could not say anything about this.

If Ling Han did not respond, then he would naturally be able to regain his fallen reputation.

“Look, what do you mean by ‘he had beaten Hu Yang away’? All of that was just nonsense.”

Yes, that would be a good idea.

He immediately sent someone to deliver a letter, wanting to challenge Ling

Han.

Ling Han was currently refining his body, and it was Huan Xue who had received the challenge letter.

“Hu Yang wants to challenge me?” He couldn’t help but laugh. What kind of joke was this? A Fifth Change elite actually came to challenge a measly Meridian Opening Tier cultivator like him? Did he have any shame?

With just a thought, he understood Hu Yang’s intentions.

Should he or should he not?

Ling Han glanced at the letter of challenge, and couldn’t help but reveal a look of surprise. This was because it stated that, for the sake of “fairness,” Ling Han was allowed to use any Spirit Tool or Talisman Weapon.

But the problem was, with Ling Han’s current status, what kind of Spirit Tool or Talisman Weapon could he obtain that could unleash power above that of a Fifth Change elite?

This was naturally Hu Yang pretending to be generous.

Ling Han used his optical computer to connect to the academy’s main optical computer to search for some information.

This was the internal network of the academy. Only the students of the academy were eligible to connect and search for some information within the academy, including cultivation techniques and martial arts techniques. What Ling Han was looking for was the Weapon Nurturing Tree.

‘There it is!’

His eyes lit up. The Weapon Nurturing Tree grew in the academy, and there was also a Demonic Beast watching over it. It was clearly owned by the academy, so there was a high possibility that there would be relevant information.

After the Weapon Nurturing Leaf was fully grown, it could be used as a Talisman Weapon at the level of Inscription Tier. However, it could still be used if it was not fully grown, but its power would be weaker.

‘How do I judge that?’

By looking at the patterns on the Weapon Nurturing Leaf.

Four patterns represented complete growth, and it would be a Talisman Weapon of Inscription Tier. If there were three patterns, then it would be at the level of Extreme Bone Tier, and two patterns would mean that it was of the Blood Transformation Tier, while one pattern would mean it was of the Meridian Opening Tier.

Ling Han took out his thirteen leaves and observed them. He discovered that there were nine leaves with three patterns, and the remaining four had two patterns.

He couldn’t help but reveal a smile. This was going to be interesting.

Ling Han asked Huan Xue to reply. A spar was fine, but there needed to be additional stakes, which would mean a bet.

He took out the medicinal pills he had refined these few days. There were hundreds of them, and their value was astonishing.

Since he was going to use up a Weapon Nurturing Leaf, just beating someone up would not be enough. Ling Han was not such a wasteful person.

He was not afraid that the academy would find out because this matter probably couldn’t be hidden. However, no one from the academy had come to look for him for the past two days, so they ought to have tacitly acknowledged his success.

—I stole it with my own abilities.

Now, the ball was thrown back to Hu Yang.

“This brat actually agreed?” Hu Yang was surprised. In his opinion, Ling Han should have admitted defeat.

Did he want to embarrass himself in public?

He understood that the problem lay in the bet. This brat wanted to scare him away with the bet.

Indeed, the value of a few hundred Meridian Exploration Pills was astonishing. However, he was the son of one of the three dukes, Hu Yunfeng. He could still afford this.

“I agree.”

When the news spread that Ling Han was going to fight a decisive battle with Hu Yang three days later, it instantly caused another uproar in the academy.DiisCoover 𝒖pdated novels on n(o)v./e/lbin(.)co𝒎

Of course, it was natural for Hu Yang to fight. He had lost all his face, so he definitely had to get back his honor.

But why did Ling Han accept the challenge?

He already had attained great honour by beating Hu Yang away. What was the point of fighting Hu Yang again?

Moreover, most people also knew that the reason why Hu Yang lost was because he had wasted the opportunity for his blood and Qi to boil.

If they were to fight again, the chances of Ling Han winning were pitifully small. No, it should be zero chance.

It was puzzling.

Lian Xuerong even specially came to look for Ling Han to ask him to cancel the decisive battle, but Ling Han had already decided to use the Weapon Nurturing Leaf to humiliate Hu Yang, so he naturally wouldn’t agree.

Last time, he had only chased Hu Yang away and had yet to fulfill his promise to beat him up.

In these three days, Ling Han diligently cultivated.

He was only lacking Body Arts now, and because of the large number of Red

Clouds Stones, he was confident that he could reach the limit of body tempering in ten days.

In ten days’ time, he would become a Blood Transformation Tier!

He was filled with anticipation. After reaching the Blood Transformation Tier, even if he didn’t send the empress and the others out, he should at least be able to communicate with them.

Two days later, Ling Han went to the academy’s training ground to test his strength.

There was a strength tester here, and its limit was as high as five million kilograms. This was also the limit of all strength testers. Any strength greater than this, it would be impossible to measure it.

Ling Han didn’t want others to know his background, so he kept a very low profile, and didn’t even bring along his little female attendant.

“Let’s test my mystical power first.” He originally thought that the limit of his mystical power was 500,000 kilograms, but after the battle at the Hu Clan, he realized that his mystical power had exceeded the limit of 500,000 kilograms. Well, Hu Yang’s surname was also Hu. Did he have anything against those with surname Hu?

BANG!

He punched the strength tester, and the value immediately appeared.

550,000 kilograms!

Ling Han was astonished. It was said that the limit of the Meridian Opening Tier was 500,000 kilograms of mystical power, and 500,000 kilograms of physical power. After the two were perfectly fused, the limit could reach 1 million kilograms.

This was the second limit of the Meridian Opening Tier. Currently, only Hong Tianbu had reached it.

However, his mystical power had reached 550,000 kilograms. Although it was not much, only 10% more, yet if it was a battle between elites, could they afford this difference of 10%?

He tested his physical power again. Peng, the strength tester trembled, and the value changed again.

310,000 kilograms.

As for the total value, it was 780,000 kilograms.

In other words, mystical power and physical power did not fuse perfectly. Instead, there was a huge waste.

It couldn’t be helped. He had been focused on cultivating his Body Art for the past few days, so he naturally didn’t have time to fuse his mystical power. “There’s no hurry. I just need to increase my power now.”

The improvement in Ling Han’s Body Art was very obvious. Although the increase in his physique could not be seen directly, the increase in his physical power was real. He could almost increase his strength by 50,000 kilograms a day.

A night passed, and the day of the battle arrived..