Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3278 - 3278: Blood Transformation Tier

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Ling Han returned to his residence and continued to cultivate in seclusion.

To him, the conflict with Hu Yang was just a small interlude. His goal was the entire universe, so how could he possibly focus on such a minor character?

He focused on body tempering in order to reach the consummate level of Meridian Opening Tier as soon as possible and break through to the Blood Transformation Tier.

The academy’s evaluation of him was that other than being powerful, he was also black-bellied.

He was really too crafty. He defeated Hu Yang with a Talisman Weapon, causing the other party to not only suffer humiliation but also financial losses.

However, Ling Han was also displeased. He had wasted a Talisman Weapon at the level of Extreme Bone Tier for this. Was that something that could be exchanged for five million Dark North Coins?

However, Ling Han still felt that it was worth it, having severely injured Hu Yang and finally avenging Lian Xuerong.

He closed the door to receiving guests, concentrating on tempering his body.𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

The little female attendant did not waste the academy’s resources. She went to class every day and was rapidly improving her cultivation level.

Ling Han’s physique rapidly improved, and the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll played an astonishing role. Limited by Ling Han’s cultivation level, it was impossible for him to come up with Blood Transformation Tier and Extreme

Bone Tier cultivation techniques out of thin air. However, in terms of Meridian Opening Tier, this was definitely a precious body tempering technique.

After all, this was the culmination of hundreds of millions of years.

Another six days passed, and Ling Han’s physique reached its limit, unable to improve any further.

After encountering a bottleneck, no matter how he bathed in medicinal herbs or used the Red Clouds Stone, his power wouldn’t improve an inch, and his physique remained unchanged.

He tested it with the strength tester. His physical strength had also reached 550,000 kilograms. If the two were combined, it would definitely reach 1 million kilograms.

The second limit of the Meridian Opening Tier!

Ling Han was not in a hurry to break through to the Blood Transformation Tier. He was still unable to perfectly fuse the two types of power.

In any case, he was already so many days late. It didn’t matter if he was a few more days late. His foundation had to be stable.

For a martial arts grandmaster like him, fusing power was naturally a small

matter. In just two days, he had perfectly fused the two types of power together.

1.1 million kilograms!

Ling Han was very satisfied with himself. This ought not to be any weaker than Hong Tianbu.

It was just that it was said that Hong Tianbu had possessed the strength of 1 million kilograms in the Meridian Opening Tier back then. Was it a round number? Perhaps, the other party might have 1.05 million, or even reached 1.1

million in fact?

He still couldn’t be arrogant and complacent.

Ling Han was just about to break through to the Blood Transformation Tier when he received another letter of challenge from Hu Yang.

He couldn’t help but have a strange expression on his face. Was this guy getting more and more bold with each setback, or was he addicted to being beaten by him?

This time, Hu Yang’s letter of challenge made it very clear that in the decisive battle between the two of them, they could not use any Talisman Weapons or Spirit Tools.

He could not help but laugh. This Hu Yang was really shameless!

A Fifth Change in the Blood Transformation Tier actually wanted a “fair” battle with a Meridian Opening Tier. How thick-skinned was he?

‘Alright, I’ll beat him into submission this time!’

Ling Han asked Huan Xue to reply in the affirmative, confirming that he would battle.

However, the time was set for three days later.

A period of three days ought to be enough for him to break through to the Blood Transformation Tier.

When the news spread, the academy was in an uproar.

This Hu Yang was really thick-skinned. He had fled once and was directly beaten once. Now that he had just recovered from his injuries, he was going to challenge again?

Regardless of the outcome, Hu Yang’s reputation was definitely ruined.

Of course, if he just endured it like this, it would definitely be even more unbearable. The Hu Clan Gang might even disband in an instant. Who would be willing to follow such a cowardly boss?

Thus, no matter how he much he was berated as shameless by others, Hu Yang had to fight with Ling Han again and win.

If he lost the third time, he would lose all his face and dignity.

Looking at Hu Yang’s restrictions, everyone unanimously agreed that he would definitely not lose this time.

Since neither Spirit Tool nor Talisman Weapon could be used, then the outcome could only depend on true battle prowess.

It had to be said that Ling Han’s two victories had been extremely

0DDortunistic. It could even be said that he was sinister and black-bellied.

Thus, after learning his lesson, Hu Yang would definitely not repeat the same mistake.

Ling Han ignored everyone’s opinions. He focused on breaking through to the Blood Transformation Tier. After all, facts were more important than anything else. Three days later, he would defeat Hu Yang fairly.

He went into seclusion to break through to the Blood Transformation Tier.

Actually, he already had comprehension of it. However, deep down in his heart, he was obsessed with perfection, so he had been preventing himself from taking this step for a long time. Now, there was no longer any hesitation in his heart, therefore it would only come naturally.

His body was undergoing earth-shattering changes. His meridians were widening, his cells were strengthening, and his bones were becoming stronger. The Blood Transformation Tier wasn’t just about the changes in his blood; those were just symptoms and characteristics.

However, this change had only been going on for a short while, and Ling Han already felt a strong sense of weakness.

His life essence was improving, but without external replenishment, he could only burn his life force, which was naturally a huge damage.

Ling Han hurriedly took out the Phoenix King Jade Fruit that he had prepared beforehand, and ate one first.

This time, he had accumulated a lot, so his evolution was extremely fast.

It couldn’t be helped. How many people broke through after reaching the second limit?

This was equivalent to an ordinary Fifth Change. Evolving again on such a foundation was naturally incomparably terrifying.

It was not just his body. Ling Han discovered that his mystical power had also become purer. If it had been 100 portions in the past, now it had been suppressed to 10, or even a little less.

This caused him to feel a strong sense of powerlessness, because he could not absorb the mystical power of heaven and earth now, nor could he stop to set up the rich man’s formation.

So be it. It wouldn’t hurt his life force anyway.

An hour later, Ling Han felt that his life force was showing signs of depletion again, and hurriedly consumed another Phoenix King Jade Fruit.

His evolution was fierce and long-lasting. After another hour, he ate the third Phoenix King Jade Fruit, and on the fourth hour, he ate another one.

Ling Han couldn’t help but grit his teeth. If he continued to evolve non-stop after consuming the last Phoenix King Jade Fruit, then what would happen?

It would hurt his life force.

Even if there were exceptional precious medicines that could treat him in the future, he would still be injured. Perhaps he would face a huge problem at some point.

‘I hope not.’

However, four Phoenix King Jade Fruits were simply not enough, and Ling Han had no choice but to consume the fifth one.

The changes in his body were like the trembling of a mountain, as if there was no indication of it stopping at all.

Ling Han wanted to cry. The longer he spent breaking through, the greater his potential would be. However, without the Treasured Fruit to replenish his life force, this would be a little suicidal.

Half an hour later, the speed of evolution suddenly slowed down.

It was finally going to stop.

Ling Han let out a long breath. He had really been scared to death.

Sure enough, after another 20 minutes, this evolution of the essence of life had almost completely stopped. If it was said to be a violent storm before, then now would be considered as the rain had stopped. It was just that water was still dripping from the eaves.

After another seven minutes, everything stopped.

Ling Han opened his eyes. Shua, his gaze was simply like lightning, flashing across the room with a blinding light, but it quickly recovered.

Blood Transformation Tier!