Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3279 - 3279: Massive Improvement

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Ling Han faced the mirror and circulated the blood and Qi in his body. Instantly, a faint purple aura appeared around him.

First Change of Blood Transformation Tier, purple blood energy.

As his life essence increased, his blood essence would become more and more purple. After reaching a certain level of purple, he would be able to break through to the Second Change. From purple blood to black blood, that was the Second Change cultivation level, Condensed Blood Pillar.

Ling Han exhaled. He felt as if his entire body was filled with a sense of power. Even if a huge mountain came crashing over, he could shatter it with a single punch.

This feeling of power was really wonderful!

Ling Han closed his eyes slightly. In the Genesis World, he had long been accustomed to possessing powerful strength, and now, he had finally regained some of that feeling.

Now that he had reached the second tier, he was still three tiers away from the highest tier.

However, this was only the cultivation level tor the current martial arts realm.

Who knew how many more cultivation levels there were after Enlightenment Tier? However, this was much better. As long as no more elites appeared, the Enlightenment Tier was invincible.

“I’ll replenish my power first!”

Ling Han had prepared some Qi Return Pills, which could quickly replenish his mystical power, but were only suitable for Blood Transformation Tier cultivators.

After he consumed one, mystical power immediately grew and spread throughout his body.

However, the mystical power produced by the Qi Return Pill came from the alchemical pill itself. To Ling Han, this kind of power was too impure. If it stayed in his body for a long time, it would be like containing dirt in his body, causing harm.

However, he had to make do with it first. The main reason was that this feeling of emptiness was too uncomfortable.

Stepping into the Blood Transformation Tier was a leap in level of being. Not only did it increase one’s power, it also increased the power of one’s divine sense.

Ling Han once again communicated with the inner world, only to discover to his dismay that he was still unable to communicate with the people inside, only that the power he could move had become even stronger.

This naturally gave him a powerful motivation. As long as his divine sense became stronger, he would definitely be able to communicate. One step at a time.

Once he broke through, Ling Han had a lot of things to do.

For example, he could deduce part of the Blood Transformation Tier cultivation techniques from the Indestructible Heaven’s Scroll. For example, he had to learn new formations to meet the cultivation requirements of the Blood Transformation Tier. The rich man’s formation was only for the Meridian Opening Tier, and it was meaningless now.

Sigh, time was really not enough.

The next morning, Ling Han absorbed the power of heaven and earth to fill his empty body.

The power of heaven and earth was still the most vast and mighty. Even though Ling Han’s cultivation level had increased, the power of heaven and earth was still like a vast ocean, and there was no feeling of the power being inadequate.

After half an hour, Ling Han gloomily discovered that he was still unable to replenish the mystical power in his body.

It seemed that it would take another day or two.

“Let’s test my current battle prowess.”

Ling Han went to the training ground. He desperately wanted to know what level his current strength had reached.

He specially went at night to avoid people and tested his mystical power, physical power, and total value.

As for mystical power, it had increased greatly, reaching 800,000 kilograms. There was only a slight increase in physical power, reaching 600,000 kilograms. His total value was 1.4 million kilograms. It was a perfect fusion.

The leap in level of being manifested primarily in an increase of mystical power, but the improvement of physical power was a process that needed to be slowly accumulated.

Although there were still some Red Clouds Stones in Ling Han’s hands, the quantity was pitifully small. It was absolutely impossible for him to crazily increase his power by 50,000 kilograms every time like before.

Thus, Ling Han had to worry about cultivation resources again. Furthermore, with Body Arts and mystical power, the pressure on him was even greater.𝑅read latest ch𝒂pters at n/𝒐v(e)lbi𝒏(.)co/m

It couldn’t be helped. How could the path of the strongest be easy to walk?

He tested his explosive power again. Under the boiling of his blood, everyone’s strength boost was different. It might be two times, but sometimes it might also be three times.

This was related to the cultivation technique he cultivated, and also related to his own aptitude, so Ling Han did not know how much power he could unleash.

His blood boiled. Instantly, all the blood in his body circulated at ten times the speed, transmitting powerful strength to every corner of his body.

No wonder his power would soar after his blood boiled.

However, this method of increasing power was rather low-level, and it could only increase it by three times at most.

Ling Han thought to himself, but his fist had already swung out.

BANG!

The value of the strength tester immediately changed drastically, but it quickly stabilized.

2.4 million kilograms.

A threefold increase in strength!

A smile appeared on Ling Han’s face. Although he was full of confidence in himself, he still needed to prove it through facts.

In this case, in addition to his physical power, his strongest explosive power would be 3 million kilograms of strength.

Ling Han practiced the Demonic Monkey Fists again, and as his cultivation level increased, the power of various techniques naturally became different.

As the Demonic Monkey Fists were unleashed, both of Ling Han’s fists were covered in a layer of blood Qi. This enhanced the power of the fist technique, and the power overlap instantly increased to 25 layers. Combined with the Brother Monkey Cultivation Technique, this could reach a terrifying level of 30 layers.

Fortunately, Ling Han’s meridians had expanded a lot. Otherwise, under the release of 30 layers of power, he really wouldn’t be able to withstand anything more than a few swings.

Ling Han sprinted at full speed. Combined with his physical power, his current speed had already surpassed the speed of sound, about 1.3 times the speed of sound. Furthermore, if he used Shuttle Steps, his explosive speed would reach

2.1 times the speed of sound.

“Two times the speed of sound!”

This was comparable to the Extreme Bone Tier.

His current physique was already strong enough to withstand the resistance brought about by twice the speed of sound. Therefore, the only thing that affected his outburst was the total amount of mystical power—his physical power was easy to deal with, and it was only a matter of eating food to recover it.

Of course, as his physical power became stronger and stronger, the requirements for food naturally became higher and higher. Ordinary meat was definitely not enough, and he would need to start eating Demonic Beast meat. The higher the level, the more full he would be.

Ling Han sighed. It wasn’t that he wanted to be a glutton, but that he had no choice.

…If Hu Niu was here, she would definitely jump out and criticize him. This fellow was purely looking for an excuse to eat as much as he liked.

After fully understanding his own strength, Ling Han returned to his residence and had a good sleep.

The next morning, he continued to absorb the power of heaven and earth to replenish his still somewhat empty meridians. After half an hour, these meridians were finally almost completely filled. Tomorrow, he would need at most another five minutes to completely fill them up.

Coincidentally, after he recovered to his peak condition tomorrow, he would fight Hu Yang.

In terms of raw power, Ling Han was already on par with Hu Yang. However, Ling Han’s power came mostly from his Body Arts, so after his blood boiled, he would suffer some losses.

Hu Yang’s explosive power had reached 3-5 million kilograms, while Ling Han’s was 3 million kilograms. The difference was 500,000 kilograms.

This was a huge disparity, but Ling Han had also mastered Frequency Attack, and an even stronger power overlap. This was enough to offset the disparity of 500,000kg of power.

Ling Han was looking forward to it. In a direct confrontation, Hu Yang would still be no match for him. He wondered what kind of expression would he then have on his face?

However, would he attract jealousy and ill intent if he showed off his abilities like this?

This thought flashed through his mind and soon vanished.. Why did he have to pretend to be a coward and let others ride on his head?