Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

3280 What Trap Did You Set Up This Time?

The next morning, the sun rose as usual.

Ling Han had a good sleep. When the sun rose, he seized the time to cultivate. Very quickly, his meridians were completely filled, and for the remaining time, he continued to improve the essence of his life.

His meridians were still expanding, but more importantly, the vitality factor in his body was increasing. This was essentially improving Ling Han's body, advancing it towards a higher level.

'Let's go and beat up Hu Yang again. I'll make him completely submit.

Ling Han actually didn't have an aggressive personality, but he had never provoked Hu Yang, yet Hu Yang wanted to step on him again and again. Then did Ling Han still need to be polite?

He had to beat him up today, and he had to do it so badly that even his parents would not be able to recognize him.

Ling Han brought along the little handmaiden, but was surprised to discover that Huan Xue had actually advanced to Twelve Meridians. Tsk, he had really underestimated this maid. She was quite impressive.

"Good luck. Try to break through to the Blood Transformation Tier as soon as possible," Ling Han said with a smile.

Huan Xue nodded vigorously. The Young Master had given her such good conditions. She had to work hard and help him. She couldn't always let Young Master stand in front of her, because she was the maid.

She carried the little pink pig and the two of them walked unhurriedly towards the training ground.
﻿
This time, Hu Yang had finally learned his lesson and agreed on a time for the decisive battle. He did not have to wait from morning to noon, and be left hanging by Ling Han for half a day for nothing.

There were still a lot of onlookers; the crowd was as vast as the ocean.

Ling Han pushed through the crowd and walked in. He saw Hu Yang standing proudly like a javelin.

Seeing Ling Han and Huan Xue walk over, Xu Youliang immediately revealed an expression of hatred. Because of this b*stard Ling Han, not only had Hu Yang's prestige plummeted, but the Hu Clan Gang had also become a big joke.

Aside from a few hardcore supporters, whose fathers were Hu Yunfeng's direct subordinates, making it impossible for them to switch sides, the other lackeys already had the idea of finding another backer.

This was all Ling Han's fault!

Ling Han took another look. Yi, the teacher sent out by the academy this time was actually Tu Yun.

This High Level coach's face was a little dark. He did not want to come at all, okay? However, he was usually not popular, so he was pushed out again this time.

Damn, the last time he fought with the Talisman Weapon, his injuries had yet to recover.

He swept a glance at Ling Han, his gaze somewhat resentful.

Ling Han couldn't help but shiver. Why did Tu Yun's gaze look like a resentful wife's?

"In today's decisive battle, you are not allowed to use any Spirit Tool or Talisman Weapon!" Tu Yun said seriously. Then, he looked at Ling Han and emphasized, "You are not allowed to use any Talisman Weapon!"
﻿
The corners of Ling Han's mouth twitched slightly. Your expression and tone are very hurtful, alright? I'm not deaf or stupid. I don't need you to repeat it twice!'

Tu Yun rambled on about the rules of the battle. It was basically the same as what he had said a few days ago. Then, he said, "Let's begin!"

This time, Hu Yang was not in a hurry to make a move. He had suffered two losses at Ling Han's hands in a row, and he was definitely going to avenge himself to his heart's content.

Thus, he would not defeat Ling Han with a single strike. Instead, he would slowly torment him.

"Ling Han, I have to admit that you are very courageous. You actually dared to agree to fight me," he said calmly.

Ling Han grinned, and said, "You're a defeated opponent, no, a twice defeated opponent who still has the courage to challenge me, so what reason do I have to refuse? No, no, no, those should be my words. You're a person who's failed twice, yet you still want to fall in the same place a third time. I admire your courage!"𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

This b*stard!

Hu Yang's face instantly turned as red as a pig's liver, and his expression was grim.

He clenched his fists tighter and tighter, and his knuckles cracked. He gritted his teeth and said, "Ling Han, you shameless fellow. The first time, you tricked me into exhausting the chance for my blood and Qi to boil, and the second time, you even injured me with a Talisman Weapon that has reached Extreme Bone Tier. You still have the cheek to say that!"

Hearing this, the people around him couldn't help but laugh. Speaking of which, this guy was indeed quite miserable. He had been framed, tricked, and set up... Eh, logically speaking, Ling Han was definitely not a fool, but someone who specialized in tricking people. This time, could it be that he would obediently allow Hu Yang to take his revenge?

Impossible!

Thus, Ling Han must have already prepared a sinister move.

Everyone was puzzled and expectant. Under the premise that the rules had already been set, what kind of sinister move was he going to use?

...This was Ling Han's deepest impression in everyone's hearts right now. Scamming people.

Ling Han smiled faintly, and said, "So, do you still want to be tricked a third time?"

Hu Yang couldn't help but panic.

Originally, there was no need for him to be afraid of a Junior Brother in the Meridian Opening Tier. However, he had been at a disadvantage at Ling Han's hands twice, and the second time, he had not even sent out a single move. How could it be possible that he did not have a shadow in his heart?

Could it be that Ling Han had dug a hole for him again?

This kid was incomparably sinister. How could he accept the challenge despite knowing that he would definitely lose?

Therefore, there must be something fishy going on!

Hu Yang and the majority of the people thought that Ling Han definitely had some shady tricks up his sleeve.

Ling Han smiled slightly, and said, "If you still don't make a move, then I won't hold back."

Hu Yang decided to use stillness as a countermeasure. In any case, he definitely had the upper hand in terms of raw abilities. Furthermore, it was an overwhelming advantage. As long as his heart was not in a mess, what could Ling Han do?

'Yes, that's it.'

Ling Han sucked in a breath, and then shot out with a bang, exploding at 1.3 times the speed of sound.

Head-on, head-on!

In the past, he had schemed in all sorts of ways because he had no choice. His abilities were inferior to his opponent, and if he fought head-on, he would be a fool looking for a beating. However, now that his abilities were enough, he naturally had to fight head-on. Hong, he threw a punch.

Previously, it was fine if he didn't channel his strength, but now that he channeled his mystical power, a faint purple blood energy immediately surged out of his body, as if his entire body was covered in a layer of purple fog.

Seeing this scene, everyone could not help but open their mouths, unable to shut them.

Purple blood and Qi?

First Change of Blood Transformation Tier!

It turned out that Ling Han had silently advanced into the Blood Transformation Tier. Hiss, a few days ago, he had only been in the Meridian Opening Tier.

It had only been a few days, and he had already broken through to the Blood Transformation Tier?

What a monster.

Whoever tried to break through to the Blood Transformation Tier would have to go into seclusion for a year and a half, so how could they succeed in just a few days?

Before they could exclaim in surprise, Ling Han had already rushed﻿ in front of Hu Yang, and threw a punch over.

In reality, Ling Han was also very displeased. Who the f*ck did you think you were? Just because you were a senior student, you came to bully the new students? Not only did you suffer a loss, you

actually wanted to challenge me?

Challenge, challenge, challenge - I'll beat you to death! That's my promise to you!

This punch was wrapped in faint purple Qi. Ling Han had already used the Demonic Monkey Fists, but he did not activate too much overlapping layers of power. There were only fifteen layers.

Hu Yang did not have the time to be shocked. He could only retaliate with a claw. Otherwise, if he was punched like this, he would be crippled even if he did not die.

BANG!

The two of them clashed, and their fist and claw almost collided. The terrifying force turned into visible fluctuations that surged out continuously.

Then, both of them trembled and retreated at the same time.

One had retreated by half a step, while the other was slightly short of half a step. It could be said that they were evenly matched.