Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

3281 Prove himself

The one who retreated the most was Ling Han. After all, his basic power was slightly inferior to Hu Yang's, but it was really only a slight difference.

The entire venue was silent at first, but in just an instant, a huge uproar erupted.

With just one exchange, they had really gotten a shock.

Ling Han had advanced into the Blood Transformation Tier, and he even possessed the strength to directly contend against a Fifth Change!

One had to know that although Hu Yang had made a fool of himself, and his popularity and reputation had fallen to rock bottom, that didn't deny his strength. He was a prodigy, and had once cultivated to twenty meridians in the Meridian Opening Tier.

However, Ling Han was only a First Change now, but he could match him.

How could this be believed?

Could it be that Ling Han's blood and Qi was already boiling?

That was impossible. The boiling of blood and Qi had extremely obvious characteristics, and Ling Han showed no signs of it at all. What the hell.𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

Hu Yang himself was naturally even more shocked. Only now did he understand why Ling Han dared to accept the challenge a second time.

This time, there were no conspiracies or traps that had been laid. They were just fighting head-on.

The others also realized this, but they all had a strong sense of unaccustomedness. Ling Han was not laying out a trap and using tricks, but rather having a head-on clash? How awkward, they couldn't accept this.

After the shock, Hu Yang calmed down.

There was a limit to the Meridian Opening Tier. At most, one could reach the second limit, which was 500,000 kilograms of mystical power and 500,000 kilograms of physical power. After advancing into the Blood Transformation Tier, one's mystical power would undergo a great increase, so it was not unusual for Ling Han to possess more than a million kilograms of raw power.

The second limit.

He was so jealous that he was about to go crazy. Previously, only one person had achieved it. Logically speaking, it was absolutely impossible for a second Hong Tianbu to appear. But now, he had no choice but to believe that another freakish genius had appeared.

However, even if this kid had 750,000 kilograms of mystical power, after his blood and Qi boiled, he could only reach 2 million kilograms of strength. In addition to his physical power, he could at most reach 2.5 million kilograms.

And what about him?

3.5 million kilograms.

This was still a crushing advantage.

Hu Yang nodded. He had never expected to defeat Ling Han in his normal state.

Then, he would directly have a battle of their strongest states.

He roared as his blood and Qi boiled. A crystal-like aura enveloped him, as if it was flickering.

"Come!" He roared and attacked with the Destruction Claw. The force alone was enough to tear through steel plates.

Ling Han humphed, and his blood and Qi also boiled. His blood instantly circulated in his body at a speed ten times faster than before, and an incomparably powerful force surged through his entire body.

He still used the Demonic Monkey Fists to meet Hu Yang's claw. 

BANG!

The fist and palm collided again. This time, the fist still blocked the claw.

Impossible!

Hu Yang's face was filled with disbelief. He had calculated it very accurately. Ling Han's explosive power should be far inferior to his own, but with this claw strike, Ling Han had not been easily knocked down, and his hands were not injured at all either.

How was this possible?

Not to mention power, he had practiced the Destruction Claw for more than 20 years. Now, he could not even break the other party's skin?

Not only Hu Yang, but the others were the same.

They had clearly seen Hu Yang boil his blood and Qi, but why was Ling Han not inferior at all, and was even able to match him?

Simple. Ling Han grasped the frequency of Hu Yang's attacks. The rhythm of the 15 overlapping layers of power was incomparably ingenious, completely dissolving the power that Hu Yang had unleashed.

This was called the Frequency Technique by Ling Han. As long as he caught the Frequency Pulse, he would be able to defeat a stronger opponent. Of course, there was also a limit to this strength of this technique.

"Hu Yang, I don't know you at all, but you first took advantage of your seniority to come to the new student area to trample on me.
﻿
After I chased you off, you even ignored the fact that you were bullying the weak and challenged me to a battle. You still haven't learned your lesson after being taught a lesson by me, and now you're here again?" Ling Han humphed.

Another punch was thrown. Peng, Hu Yang parried it, and his face was slightly pale. It was not because he had been injured by the punch, but because Ling Han's words had struck a sore spot.

"You're really despicable. Do you really want me to beat you harshly?" Ling Han continued to throw punches.

BANG!

"Alright, I'll fulfill your wish!"

BANG!

"I'll beat you to death, you b*stard!"

BANG!

Every word Ling Han said was followed by a punch, one punch after another, like a thunderstorm.

The more he spoke, the angrier he became. After coming to this unfamiliar world, the empress and the others could only hide within his body, and he didn't know when they would be able to come out. He already had a belly full of anger, yet Hu Yang just had to provoke him time and time again.

Alright, he had a place to vent his anger.

Peng, peng, peng, peng. Ling Han's attack speed became faster and faster. Even most Blood Transformation Tier elites could only see his fists flying in the sky, as if the entire sky was filled with his fist imprints.

They couldn't help but be shocked. How could such an attack be blocked?

The more Hu Yang fought, the more flustered he became. He felt that his strength had the upper hand, but the other party's strength was extremely condensed. It was as if his attack was a mountain made of mud, easily punched through with his opponent's stone fist, and he himself could not cause any damage.

He regretted it again. If he had known earlier, he would not have restricted the use of Spirit Tool and Talisman Weapons, because he also had Talisman Weapons of the Extreme Bone Tier, refined by his father.

Wasn't that just digging his own grave?

When he had the upper hand in terms of abilities, he had been defeated by Ling Han's Talisman Weapon with a single blow. Alright, when he had restricted the use of Talisman Weapons, Ling Han's abilities had increased, and were enough to rival his own. In fact, there was even a faint tendency to suppress him.

Why was his fate so tragic?

Ling Han let out a long cry, and continued to raise his battle prowess.

If 15 layers of power could not deal with his opponent, then 20 layers would do.

Ling Han suddenly increased his strength. Peng, with a single strike, Hu Yang was instantly sent flying.

He could only unleash 15 layers of power. Previously, he had coincidentally fought Ling Han to a draw. Now that Ling Han had increased his power, he was naturally no match for him.

BANG!

Ling Han seized the opportunity to follow up with another punch.

Hu Yang barely managed to block it, but he was sent flying again by this punch.

"Feels good, doesn't it!" Ling Han gave chase with a big stride, almost bursting out at twice the speed of sound, making one's eyes go wide.

Two times the speed of sound, that was a speed that only Extreme Bone Tier elites could achieve, yet it could be seen on a person who had just entered the Blood Transformation Tier.

It had to be known that most Blood Transformation Tier elites could only reach the speed of sound when they reached the Third Change, mainly because their physiques could not withstand it. When they reached the speed of sound, their bodies would first fall apart.

Bang! Bang! Bang!

Hu Yang became a sandbag, and was bombarded by Ling Han to his heart's content.

He had neutralized most of Ling Han's attacks, but there was still remaining energy in the attacks that smashed into his body, causing him pain. In the long run, he might even be injured, heavily injured, and eventually die.

Everyone could see that although Hu Yang was still holding on, he had already lost. It was just that he had yet to admit it.

This time, no one doubted Ling Han's abilities anymore.

Not only was this guy shameless, but his true strength was also heaven-defying.

Ling Han had proven himself in one battle!

On the other hand, Hu Yang was in a miserable state. He had been defeated three times by Ling Han. Regardless of whether it was in terms of intelligence or abilities, he had been crushed in all aspects. He was destined to become a huge joke.

"Stop!" Tu Yun said. He couldn't stand it anymore. This was no longer a decisive battle, but a one-sided beating.
﻿
Everyone looked at Ling Han with incomparably complicated gazes. A new star had already gradually risen, and could no longer be suppressed.