Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3289 - 3289: Going In Alone

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Ling Han did not leave at night, because he needed to get enough rest and prepare for the next day.

He entered the Essence Nurturing Gourd, and he would sleep in it every night. He would accumulate energy for the entire day and use it at night. In the wilderness, this was safer. He could rest well and completely relax.

A night passed, and Ling Han left the Essence Nurturing Gourd. He felt that all his bodily functions had improved to a certain extent. His mystical power, physical power, and divine sense, especially his divine sense, had improved the most.

When the sun rose, he sat cross-legged on the ground and channeled the Brother Monkey Cultivation Technique, absorbing the power of heaven and earth to strengthen himself.

When he finished, he was surprised to find that he had absorbed a trace of purple energy.

He was stunned. In the legends, there was a saying that purple Qi came from the east, and purple Qi was a noble symbol. He actually extracted a trace of purple Qi?

When the purple Qi entered his body, the mystical power in his entire body boiled for a moment. Then, the evolution of his level of being accelerated.

Although this was still insignificant compared to the entire process of the First Change, it was a shocking change compared to before.

If he could continuously absorb purple qi to cultivate, he believed that his advancement speed would increase by at least ten times, or even a hundred times.

Unfortunately, there was only a small amount of purple qi.

Ling Han found it strange. How did he extract it?

Was it because he had cultivated to this level and could naturally absorb higher-level energy, or was it because the heaven and earth environment here was special?

He would cultivate and see again tomorrow.

He cleaned up, ate something, and set off at once.𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

At three or four in the afternoon, he came to the cave again.

He oiled himself and entered.

However, this time, the oil was useless. On the contrary, it immediately attracted a large number of Purple Wasps. Each of them was the size of a fist. Their bodies were yellow, and their wings were purple. As they formed a group, they emitted a buzzing sound. It was extremely noisy.

Ling Han wanted to test the strength of these demon bees. Under the channeling of his mystical power, a shield of mystical power formed on the surface of his body. The broken sword had already emerged from the gourd, and with a single slash, a terrifying Sword Qi instantly swept out.

Pu, pu, pu. The Sword Qi swept past, and a large number of demonic bees were immediately severed in half by him, falling to the ground.

However, more demon bees passed through the Sword Qi and stabbed at him with their stingers.

Ling Han’s left hand clenched into a fist and punched out. Boom, a terrifying power surged, and many more demon bees were shattered by him. How could close to 1.5 million kg of strength be a joke?

Weng, weng, weng. Light rippled on Ling Han’s body. That was formed when the demonic bees stabbed into the mystical power shield.

A Meridian Opening Tier bee sting naturally could not pierce through Ling Han’s mystical power shield, but there were simply too many of them. Weng, weng, weng. It was as if countless raindrops had fallen onto his body, splashing everywhere.

The mystical power shield only lasted for a breath’s time before shattering.

Instantly, hundreds of sharp spikes stabbed him at the same time, but Ling

Han’s skin was incomparably tough, and they could not pierce through at all.

This was awkward. In that instant, who knew how many demonic bees broke their stingers, yet they were unable to inject any poison into Ling Han’s body.

Ling Han laughed loudly, and shook his body. Instantly, many demon bees fell from his body.

However, the bees immediately launched a second wave of attacks, targeting his eyes, ears, and nostrils.

Damn, they were really experienced.

He was done playing.

With a thought, Ling Han had already entered into the Essence Nurturing Gourd.

Unfortunately, this wasn’t the Black Tower, and there was still a small green gourd on the ground. Otherwise, if it disappeared without a trace, then that would be a perfect concealment.

Fortunately, although the Purple Wasps had developed intelligence, they were at most equivalent to four or five-year-old children. When they suddenly lost track of Ling Han, they were instantly at a loss. They flew in circles in the sky before scattering in all directions.

Ling Han sighed, and changed into a new set of clothes first. Now, the oil had turned into a bee-attracting talisman.

He waited for a while, then came out of the gourd and walked quietly.

However, these demon bees were very sensitive to scents, and very quickly discovered Ling Han again. First, there were one or two, then a dozen, and finally, they formed groups.

Ling Han hurriedly broke into a run. His speed was extremely fast, and even the winged demonic bees could not catch up to him.

This was still because the terrain in the cave was too complicated. A stone pillar would appear in front of him suddenly here and there. Otherwise, if they were in the plains, how could they catch up to Ling Han when he used Shuttle Steps and exploded at twice the speed of sound?

They had reached the end of the first level, but there was no value here anymore. All the honey had been taken away.

Ling Han advanced without hesitation, and entered the second level.

However, even more demon bees attacked from the front. Ling Han simply covered his ears, closed his eyes, and lowered his head. He now protected the weakest parts of his body. ‘Sting me if you can.’

However, he immediately bared his teeth because a few demonic bees had actually attacked his an*s, and there were even a few that wanted to attack his c*ck.

F*ck, you’re not hyenas. How did you learn how to do it?

Ling Han hurriedly entered into the Essence Nurturing Gourd. He didn’t want his an*s to be disfigured. Although his c*ck was of no use for him now, when the empress and the others came out and discovered that it had changed shape, wouldn’t they laugh at him?

Sigh, if he had known earlier, he would have brought the little pink pig with him. It should be very useful to protect his an*s.

This time, the bees were much more patient. They flew around the surroundings and refused to leave.

However, their intelligence was not high enough. After guarding for a long time, they left again.

Ling Han became even more careful. F*ck, these demonic bees even knew to aim for his c*ck. With the current strength of his Body Art, it was not strong enough for him to ignore their attacks completely.

After leaving the gourd, he advanced again.

Carefully, he reached the end of the second level.

Because the honey on the first level had been stolen and they knew that outsiders had broken in, the defense here was very tight. There were at least a few thousand demon bees guarding it.

Since he couldn’t steal it, he would snatch it by force.

Ling Han charged over and directly snatched a piece of honey, stuffing it into the Essence Nurturing Gourd.

In terms of individual battle prowess, not a single demon bee was a match for him, and if they attacked together, with his physique, he didn’t need to be too afraid. He only needed to protect the few parts of his body that were weaker.

One piece, two pieces, three pieces. He gained more and more, but in the end, he did not collect all of them. After taking half of them, he went to the third level and hid in the spatial gourd.

If all the honey was taken away, the bees would most likely starve to death and disappear completely.

Then Ling Han could only come and harvest them once, but if he let them continue to grow, he could come and take them a second time or a third time. Naturally, this would be even more worth it.

After entering the third level, Ling Han quickly hid in the Essence Nurturing Gourd again, and happily looked at his gains.

The second time, the honey was not only more, but also of higher quality.

Although Ling Han had not obtained any honey before, he had tasted it once. Compared to this, the difference was very obvious.

Great, it was a huge profit..