Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3291 - 3291: Formation patterns on the mountain walls

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Xiu, xiu, xiu! The queen bee’s body trembled slightly, and suddenly, four sharp spikes left its body, shooting towards Ling Han.

‘So fast!’

Ling Han hurriedly used Shuttle Steps to dodge, instantly exploding at twice the speed of sound, just barely dodging these four sharp spikes.

This was an Extreme Bone Tier attacking, and he had no wish to even try to see if he could block this attack.

Without the slightest hesitation, he threw out a Weapon Nurturing Leaf at the queen bee.

Weng! The tree leaf lit up, transforming into a giant halberd that unleashed a deadly attack.

At the same time, the swarm of demonic bees that had initially been completely silent also launched an attack, charging towards Ling Han. That scene of a vast and boundless cloud of bees was enough to make one flustered.

F* ** he had really expended a lot today.

Ling Han threw out another Weapon Nurturing Leaf, intending to forcibly carve out a path of blood.

He would snatch the honey first.

The swarm of bees attacked. Although most of them were blocked by the Weapon Nurturing Leaf, even the slightest bit that slipped through the net was enough to give him a headache.

‘Ow, ow, ow!’

He gritted his teeth. Faced with the attack of Blood Transformation Tiers, his physique wasn’t strong enough, and he instantly felt needle-like pain.

He didn’t care. He snatched a large amount of honey with all his might, and after taking about one third of it, he finally hid into the Essence Nurturing Gourd.

He looked at his body, and couldn’t help but grit his teeth in pain.

His clothes were filled with holes, which were naturally caused by the stings of the demonic bees. When he tore off his clothes and looked again, there were also countless needle marks all over his body, leaving behind countless black dots.

The stings of the demonic bees were poisonous!

Ling Han immediately felt dizzy, and this was still because he had ingested a Hundred Neutralization Pill beforehand. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have been able to last until this moment at all. He would have long since passed out.

He took out a Hundred Neutralization Pill and ingested it again. At the same time, he channelled the Brother Monkey Cultivation Technique to force out the poison.

This time, he had really suffered a considerable injury. There was a large amount of bee poison left in his body, and it was even possible that it could threaten his life.

However, thankfully, he had the Hundred Neutralization Pill, and he managed to heal himself in time, so there should be no problem.

He suddenly discovered that another power had come out of his body, and was “battling” with the bee poison.

The two of them clashed, and both of them were annihilated bit by bit.

Realization suddenly dawned on Ling Han. That was the poison of the Soul Departing Pill.

Ya, fighting poison with poison, the poison of the Soul Departing Pill was being destroyed.

This was a pleasant surprise.

Ling Han couldn’t help but chuckle. Presumably, the person who had concocted the Soul Departing Pill hadn’t expected that he would continue to “court death” after being hit by such a powerful poison, and allow the demonic bees to sting him, right?

He simply suppressed his own mystical power, and had the poison of the Soul Departing Pill acting as the vanguard to greet the assault of the bee poison. He only protected his body, preventing the bee poison from spreading.

As far as the poison of the Soul Departing Pill “saw” it, this was its territory. Now that new poison had entered, it didn’t care whether it was harmful or beneficial to Ling Han. In any case, it wanted to occupy its territory, so it naturally treated it like an antidote and wanted to counterattack in all aspects.

It had to be admitted that the poison of the Soul Departing Pill was very powerful. Very soon, the poison of the bees in his body was completely dispelled, and the poison of the Soul Departing Pill itself had only been slightly erased.

Uh, nothing else?

Ling Han smacked his lips. Then, let’s do it again.

He exited the Essence Nurturing Gourd and tried to snatch the honey again.

However, the two Talisman Weapons had already expended all their energy. When he appeared, whether it was the queen bee or the other demonic bees, their target of attack was him.

Ling Han threw out another Weapon Nurturing Leaf without hesitation. Then, he covered his eyes, nose, and ears, and began to plunder madly again.

It hurt, it hurt, it hurt. He really wanted to cry out, and was stabbed countless times by their stingers again.

This time, he directly snatched one third of the honey, and only then did Ling Han enter into the Essence Nurturing Gourd.

He continued to have the Soul Departing Pill’s poison resist the bee poison. After spending two hours, the bee poison was finally completely dispelled, and the Soul Departing Pill’s poison was slightly dispelled.

If this continued, he wouldn’t even need to concoct the antidote.

Again.

Ling Han exited the gourd. This time, he rushed towards the Vermillion Fruit Tree.

He suffered a mad barrage of attacks, but Ling Han completely ignored them. He was just focused on plucking fruits. In any case, there were only a dozen or so fruits, so it was a piece of cake for him.

He was determined to pluck them all.

He entered the Essence Nurturing Gourd again, and felt that the gourd had also being barraged. From the hole above his head, he could see that the scenery was constantly changing, but there was not the slightest bit of impact when he was inside, which showed how amazing this Spatial Celestial Tool was.

Being nurtured by heaven and earth, it was naturally even more amazing.

It was possible that these demonic bees had guessed that he had hidden inside the gourd. It was also possible that they were only venting their anger, and that was why they had begun to attack the gourd.

Thankfully, the gourd showed no signs of breaking. From this aspect, it was much more durable than Ling Han.

After a long while, the swarm of bees stopped pestering the gourd, and began to move.

The queen bee, carried away. The honey, carried away.

They were finally afraid of Ling Han. Although the Vermillion Fruit Tree couldn’t be moved, there were no more fruits. At least, they didn’t need to think about it for many years.

Ling Han couldn’t help but feel vexed. He hadn’t completely dispelled the poison of the Soul Departing Pill yet, so why were they in such a rush to run?

He sat down and guided the two poisons to oppose each other again. However, he immediately discovered that the Soul Departing Pill poison seemed to have already analyzed the composition of the bee poison. At first, they were both annihilated, but in the end, it was actually fusing with the bee poison to strengthen itself.

Ling Han bared his teeth, and hurriedly ingested the Hundred Neutralization Pill. Then, he used his own mystical power to snipe the bee poison, quickly dissolving the bee poison. Even so, the Soul Departing Pill still seemed to have strengthened by 10%.

Thankfully, it was stopped in the nick of time. Otherwise, it was very possible that the Soul Departing Pill would reach its original peak strength. In fact, after it had fused with the bee poison, it would produce a mutation of the poison, and it would be even more difficult to neutralize it.

He came out of the gourd. This place had already become extremely quiet. Aside from some bee corpses, there was nothing else here.Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Ling Han walked to hat Vermillion Fruit Tree. He wanted to see if he could transplant the treasured tree away. Though he could not expect to eat fruits for the moment, in addition to after the empress and the others coming out, he still needed a great amount of Treasured Fruits.

When Ling Han was observing the Vermillion Fruit Tree, he actually discovered

that there were formation patterns on the mountain walls behind this tree.

Hiss, could it be that it was an ancient ruin behind this?

Ling Han’s heart instantly beat wildly. If he could obtain some ancient treasures, putting everything else aside, just discovering a Medicinal Garden would be a great profit for him.

This formation patterns were extremely complex, and logically, Ling Han wouldn’t be able to decipher it. But the problem was that too much time had passed, and more than 90% of the formation patterns had already been erased, making it no longer powerful.

“Ancient formation patterns are awesome. Even if it’s damaged, it can still show its might,” Ling Han mused ruefully.

He began to deduce how to unravel these formation patterns, opening a corner so that he could enter.

Ling Han made numerous attempts, and discovered that these formation patterns had practically no suppression on him. It was like he was a small shrimp, and the formation patterns were like a net laid out to haul big fish, so he was not being targeted at all.

This made things easier. Because the formation patterns were damaged, he could use some forceful means, and forcibly disintegrate the formation patterns without worrying about the backlash.

Just like that, a day later, he finally destroyed this corner of the formation patterns completely.

In fact, he had a feeling that this formation pattern was also erasing on its own. Thus, the combined power of these two aspects caused its collapse to speed up.

“Gagaga, how many years has it been? Lord Rat has finally escaped!” A voice suddenly rang out from within the mountain..