Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

3302 Certification Again

Ling Han pressed his finger down, and the result was a red light flashing.

This meant that it had not been approved, and entry was forbidden.

The guard immediately humphed, and said, "Don't cause trouble. Leave immediately, or I will inform the Imperial Guards to apprehend you."

The Alchemist Association was one of the most important places in the Imperial City. If anything happened here, it would indeed alert the Imperial Guards.

Ling Han's brow wrinkled into a frown. After what had happened to Huju City, his status had indeed not been confirmed.

He didn't have the habit of venting his anger, so he settled for the next best thing, and said, "Then I'll certify as an alchemist."

The guard looked at him, his expression guarded.

'One moment, you said that you are an alchemist, and the next moment, you said that you wanted to be certified as an alchemist. Wasn't that contradicting yourself?"

However, he couldn't forbid others from coming here to be certified as an alchemist. He hesitated for a moment, then said, "All right. Register here, and I'll report it to the higher-ups."

He operated the optical computer, allowing Ling Han to enter his information.

Ling Han filled it in truthfully. There was naturally no need to hide this.

After the guard entered the information, he immediately checked Ling Han's details: a student of the Imperial Capital Academy. 

He breathed a sigh of relief. Since he was a student of the Imperial Academy, the possibility of him having ulterior motives was practically zero.

He gave Ling Han a temporary identification card, which he clipped on his chest, and then allowed Ling Han to pass.

Ling Han entered the Alchemist Association. This place was naturally astonishingly huge, and there was even a forest behind it.

He arrived at the reception desk and registered the purpose of his trip to certify as an alchemist.

The staff at the reception desk glanced at him, and couldn't help but look surprised.

He was so young, and he was already going to be certified as an alchemist? His future prospects were boundless.

The staff was a woman, and she was quite beautiful. At first, she was very aloof, but when she found out that Ling Han was going to be certified as an alchemist, she immediately became incredibly cordial.

Alchemists had a transcendent status, and they could also earn huge amounts of money. What woman didn't want to marry an alchemist?

Thus, seeing how young Ling Han was, this beauty at the reception desk was naturally moved.

She served tea and water, trying her best to leave a good impression on Ling Han.

Ling Han was naturally unmoved. After a while, someone came to inform him that he could proceed with the verification.

However, because an Elementary Level alchemist needed to prepare their own ingredients, Ling Han first went to buy a portion of ingredients, and then followed.

This naturally made the three Elementary Level alchemists responsible for witnessing this extremely displeased. One of them was more mean, and immediately expressed his displeasure towards Ling Han.

Ling Han ignored him, and only looked at him for a while longer.

"What are you looking at? Remember, my name is Lu Bu!" This Elementary Level alchemist said arrogantly. Because his uncle was a Middle Level alchemist, he had always been arrogant. Even other Elementary Level alchemists weren't worthy of his notice.

Ling Han smiled faintly, and began to concoct alchemical pills. Two hours later, the pill was completed.

Lu Bu's expression was slightly ugly. He very much hoped that Ling Han would fail, but the latter had succeeded, which was equivalent to a slap to his face.

"Congratulations." The other two clasped their hands in Ling Han's direction, all smiles.

Ling Han nodded, and said, "I want to continue certifying as a Middle Level Alchemist."

As soon as the words left his mouth, the two alchemists who were congratulating him couldn't help but be stunned. Was there anyone who would continue to certify like this?

In the past, there had indeed been people who showed off like this before. They had never been certified as an Elementary Level alchemist, and it was only when their abilities had reached the level of Middle Level alchemist, that they had shocked the world with a single feat, and were also seen as a model example of showing off. However, how many people could endure this kind of solitude? They could obviously enjoy the treatment of an Elementary Level alchemist, yet they had to suffer in silence for more than ten years, or even in fact, for several decades?
﻿
Moreover, Ling Han was too young. He looked to be only eighteen or nineteen years old, so how could he possibly become a Middle Level alchemist?

However, the certification of a Middle Level alchemist was the basic right of every alchemist. As long as it was an Elementary Level alchemist, it was fine. Thus, the two of them naturally had no reason to refuse, and could only report this to their superiors.

"Haha, you want to be certified as a Middle Level alchemist?" Lu Bu couldn't help but mock.

Ling Han glanced at him, and said, "Are you a despicable person? What business is it of yours whether I authenticate as a Middle Level alchemist or not? There is no need for you to witness this, nor is there any place for you to agree or refuse. Why are you jumping around so happily?"

A vein popped on Lu Bu's forehead. He swore internally that he would definitely make Ling Han suffer so much that he wanted to die - of course, he did not even think that Ling Han could possibly become a Middle Level alchemist. With his uncle's reputation, it would still be quite easy for him to deal with an Elementary Level alchemist.

Very soon, three Middle Level alchemists arrived. This was the Imperial Capital, and although the number of Middle Level alchemists was not overwhelming, it was at least more than ten times more than other cities.

Now that everyone was here, Ling Han took out his own ingredients. In any case, the alchemical pill he concocted would belong to him.

He proficiently flipped through the medicinal ingredients. Then, he activated the formation and began concocting. Two hours passed, and he naturally succeeded easily.

The three Middle Level alchemists appraised the pills and revealed shocked expressions.

Not only had he succeeded, but the quality was also astonishingly high.

Hiss, such a young man who hadn't even reached twenty years old actually became a Middle Level alchemist?

Just look at them. Which one of them was not in their fifties or sixties?

To compare oneself with another, it was really infuriating.

Meanwhile, Lu Bu felt a strong chill. He had never imagined that Ling Han would really be able to become a Middle Level Alchemist. This was too ridiculous, too ridiculous!

He naturally regretted it. Why had he trifled with Ling Han? He really had a stinky mouth.

However, he couldn't bring himself to beg for mercy from Ling Han. In any case, his uncle was also a Middle Level alchemist. He was no weaker than Ling Han, and was much more experienced. Thus, as long as he didn't trifle with Ling Han in the future, Ling Han wouldn't dare to do anything to him.

Ling Han smiled, and said, "I want to continue to be certified as a High Level alchemist."

No one spoke. However, everyone looked at Ling Han as if they were looking at a lunatic.

Wasn't this a joke?

Ling Han had already seen this kind of gaze and reaction many times. Who asked him to be the Alchemy Emperor? He was always able to perform miracles.VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

No one could stop an alchemist from being certified as a higher level alchemist, as long as they conformed to the rules. Thus, someone immediately went to ask for the help of a high level alchemist.

This would take some time. Even the Alchemy Assosiation only had a dozen or so High Level alchemists. Everyone was studying alchemy, and they were the kind of people that would lock themselves up for a few days and nights at the drop of a hat.

More than an hour later, three High Level alchemists reluctantly came over.

-If that Middle Level alchemist had not succeeded, they would definitely give him a harsh thrashing. He actually dared to interrupt their research.

"L-Lord Chairperson!" someone suddenly exclaimed.

Instantly, everyone turned to look at a short old geezer. This was Chairperson Qi Liandong, the Chairperson of the Alchemist Association, the only Grandmaster Alchemist in the entire Dark North Nation.

Qi Liandong nodded slightly at everyone. He had heard that someone was going to be certified as a High Level Alchemist, so he was naturally alerted as well.

Especially when this was a young man who had not even reached twenty years old.

He was filled with anticipation.

"Greetings, Lord Chairperson!" The three High Level alchemists also paid their respects solemnly. It could be said that all of the High Level alchemists of the Dark North Nation had received guidance from Qi Liandong. Without his selfless guidance, it would have been impossible for them to have their current accomplishments.

Thus, Qi Liandong's reputation was extremely high.

"Young man, are you confident?" Qi Liandong asked Ling Han.