Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

3303 Hunting Tournament

Ling Han gave an 'oh', and said, "No big deal."

Hiss, how boastful.

Everyone shook their heads. In the whole Dark North Nation, there were only over forty High Level alchemists. Which one of them wasn't an elder that was about a hundred years old? It was already inconceivable for a youngster like you to be able to stand shoulder to shoulder with them, and you still have to act so laidback?

Qi Liandong's eyes turned, and he asked, "Are you Ling Han, who has come from Huju City?"

He finally remembered that befor Huju City was destroyed, an application had once been sent to the headquarters, and that was to apply for the position of High Level Alchemist for a young man called Ling Han. However, when the news came back, no one dared to believe it, and only thought that Huju City had made a mistake. However, before the two sides had finished communicating, Huju City was destroyed, so this matter had also become an unsolved case.

As soon as realization dawned on him, Qi Liandong immediately connected Ling Han with that person in Huju City.

Ling Han smiled, and said, "I have indeed come from Huju City." When these words fell, the three High Level alchemists all gave an 'oh', revealing expressions of realization. They naturally were qualified to know about this as well.

However, the others were confused. They didn't know why Qi Liandong would suddenly say such a thing.

"Begin." Qi Liandong waved his hand dismissively. At first, he had not believed that a young man in his twenties could become a High

Level alchemist, but now, he was at least 90% convinced.

However, merely him believing was useless. Ling Han had to use his actions to prove it. Otherwise, he wouldn't be able to convince the masses.

Ling Han set up the formation, and immediately began to work.

Everyone was surprised. It should be known that concocting alchemical pills was an extremely taxing matter on one's spirit. Ordinarily, one would only be able to concoct one cauldron a day, but Ling Han, on the other hand, not only had he concocted two cauldrons in a row, he actually was going to start a third cauldron.

If he could succeed even in such a manner, that would really be illogical.

However, something illogical happened right in front of their eyes. Ling Han controlled the formation with precision, and there was not the slightest sign that the furnace was about to explode.

This!

Everyone felt their scalps go numb. What kind of monster was this? Even Qi Liandong was slightly moved. Though he had long since believed that Ling Han had that kind of strength, for it to be so easy for him to concoct a High Level alchemical pill was really inconceivable.

Two hours later, the pill was completed.

The three High Level alchemists examined it one by one, and very soon, they came to a conclusion. Not only had Ling Han successfully concocted the pill, the grade of the completed pill was also very high.

Instantly, a commotion arose among the people in the surroundings.

Heavens, the Alchemist Society actually produced a High Level alchemist who was not even twenty years old yet!

This time, they were no weaker than the Formations Association, because they had Hong Tianbu, who was only twenty-three years old but was already a High Level Formation Master. In comparison, the Alchemy Association was practically trash.

However, Ling Han's appearance changed everything.

A High Level alchemist under twenty years old, even Hong Tianbu would feel ashamed of his inferiority, though the two were in completely different fields.

Meanwhile, the corners of Lu Bu's mouth twitched, feeling bitterness fill his mouth.

Around him, everyone deliberately maintained their distance, standing at least three meters away from him.

A great many people had seen it. Lu Bu was shouting at Ling Han, so how could Ling Han not get his revenge?

To say nothing of the fact that there was only a Middle Level Alchemist behind Lu Bu, even if it was a High Level Alchemist, everyone would probably still have their hearts set on Ling Han. It couldn't be helped. Ling Han was too young, and his future prospects were limitless. If they really had to bet on one person, that would definitely be Ling Han.

Everyone looked at Lu Bu as if they were looking at a dead man.

After offending a High Level Alchemist, how could he continue to stay in the Alchemist Society?

"Hahaha!" Qi Liandong laughed loudly. He was too happy, and personally walked over. He held Ling Han's hand, and it could not be more obvious that he held Ling Han in high regard.

He gave a speech that made one's blood boil. The general idea was that Ling Han had appeared in the Alchemy Association, and there was no need to worry that the Formations Association would mock them for not having a prodigy that they could show off.Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Ling Han couldn't help but grimace. If Qi Liandong knew that he was a formation prodigy, what kind of expression would he have?

Forget it, it was better not to say anything.

Ling Han's aim wasn't merely to obtain the title of High Level alchemist. He also wanted to obtain more pill recipes.

After becoming a High Level alchemist of the headquarters, Ling Han obtained a great amount of authority to browse through all kinds of High Level alchemical pill recipes. In reality, there were only seven pill recipes that he couldn't see at the moment.

Five of them were at the grandmaster level, and two were at High Level. He would need to stay in the Alchemist Society for many years, or only after he had performed a great merit, would he be able to unlock them.

Ling Han temporarily didn't need to use High Level alchemical pills, so he wasn't in too much of a rush. He could take it slow.

After staying in the Alchemist Society for a day, he memorized all of the pill recipes. It was not allowed to record them with the optical computer, and if it was found, there would be severe punishment.

He could only memorize them. If he forgot it, he would just look at it when he came back.

Ling Han returned to the academy. Right now, his focus was still on the academy.

He had not even sat down properly, when he saw Xuanyuan Dingguo pay him another visit.

"Ling Han, did you receive any notice?" he asked.

"What notice?" Ling Han countered.

"Yi, you still haven't received the notification? Impossible, with your strength, you should have received the notification," Xuanyuan

Dingguo murmured, appearing very confused.

Ling Han smiled, and said, "What exactly is it? Don't just tell me half the story."

"Oh." Xuanyuan Dingguo nodded before explaining, "The Holy Emperor, His Majesty, decided yesterday to host a hunting competition. Aside from the young Imperial Princes, there will also be the descendants of the various ministers, as well as the excellent disciples of the academy!"

"If anyone can get first place, the Holy Emperor, His Majesty, will personally choose a martial arts technique that is most suitable for him and bestow it to the winner!"

Xuanyuan Dingguo's eyes lit up. He wanted nothing more than for the competition to start now, so that he could take the first initiative.

"Ling Han, did you hear that? The martial arts technique that is most suited to you!" He shook Ling Han's shoulders, almost shaking Ling Han to the point of falling apart.

"All right, all right, all right. I know, I know." Ling Han nodded.

"Unfortunately, you didn't receive the notice, so you can't participate." Xuanyuan Dingguo sighed, but then said with a smile, "That's good too. I can also have one less competitor."

Ling Han rolled his eyes, "Saying such words right in front of me, don't you think that's going too far?"

"Haha, if worse comes to worst, I'll treat you to a drink after I win first place." Xuanyuan Dingguo laughed loudly, then frowned. "However, there will definitely be countless competitors this time. Though the young Imperial Princes are not as talented as His Majesty's first few sons, they are still the sons of the Holy Emperor, after all. The bloodline is clear for all to see, and their strength should not be underestimated."

"There's also Qin Xinghuo and the others... It's not just these guys. I reckon even those brothers of mine will be attending."

"This is the ultimate technique taught personally by the Holy Emperor. Who can resist such temptation?"

Although Hong Tianbu had the reputation of being a freakish prodigy, no one had ever thought that he could surpass the current Holy Emperor one day.

In everyone's eyes, His Majesty was no longer human, but rather a god!
 