Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

3304 Hard Bone Skin

Ling Han also found this strange. Since outstanding disciples of the academy also had the right to participate in the hunting competition, why hadn't he been informed?

Could it be that he was not outstanding enough?

Or was it that someone was deliberately playing dirty tricks, and disqualified him?VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

"I'll help you investigate," Xuanyuan Dingguo immediately said. He valued this partner very much. In the future, if he wanted to attain great accomplishments, he definitely would need Ling Han's help.

An excellent alchemist would be the strongest support in the world! He left in a hurry. Since Ling Han was idle, he began to concoct alchemical pills.

After refining two cauldrons, he suddenly received a message on the optical computer. He looked at it and saw that it was a seller. He had the "Hard Bone Skin" for sale.

This was one of the eight ingredients necessary to concoct the antidote for the Soul Departing Pill.

Ling Han asked for the price, and the other offered four million.

It was very expensive. In fact, it wasn't even worth it, because although Hard Bone Skin was rare, it wasn't very useful.

However, Ling Han didn't mind this. What he lacked the least was money.

He made an appointment with the other party. Because the other party was also in the Imperial Capital, they decided to begin the transaction tomorrow afternoon.

At noon the next day, after Ling Han finished his meal, he set out with the little perverted pig.
﻿
He had to be prepared in case. What if that person had dug a trap for him?

Though the perverted pig did not have much battle prowess, his defense was very strong, and could block attacks for him.

The perverted pig naturally wouldn't know his thoughts. Otherwise, it would definitely go berserk. However, even if it went berserk, it wouldn't do anything. Would it be able to resist Ling Han?

Ling Han took a cab and arrived at the location that the two of them had agreed upon.

Why was he so careful? That was because the other party was only willing to let him decide the time, but the location had to be decided by him. This was a little inappropriate.

Aside from the perverted pig, Ling Han also had four Weapon Nurturing Leaves and the Essence Nurturing Gourd, giving him enough confidence to make this trip.

Half an hour later, he arrived at his destination.

This place was very remote, and the buildings were all very low and dilapidated. The people walking on the streets were also dressed very poorly, giving Ling Han the first impression that this was a slum.

"Young man, are you really going to get off here?" the driver asked. "Don't blame me for not reminding you. This place is quite chaotic, and theft, robbery, and even murder are common here."

Ling Han smiled and said, "It's fine. I can protect myself. Thank you, Uncle."

He used the optical computer to transfer the money over, then got out of the car.

The driver shook his head and hurriedly drove off. Staying here for a while longer was a dangerous thing.
﻿
Ling Han picked up the little perverted pig and strode forwards. This was his first time here, so he was naturally unfamiliar with it. He had to find the place.

"Gurururu!" The little perverted pig was furious. You guys actually dare to treat Lord Pig like food; are you tired of living?

After Ling Han searched for a while, he finally found the promised place. There was a massive white poplar tree at the entrance, and its crown stretched out to a radius of thirty meters.

He arrived at the door, and knocked. Very soon, the door cracked open, and a head poked out. He first looked left and right, and then asked Ling Han, "So you are Han Lin?"

This was the name that Ling Han had used on the Internet.

Ling Han nodded, and replied, "Yes."

"Come in." That person withdrew his head, then opened the great doors, allowing Ling Han to enter.

"Yi, so polite, you even brought a little pig." That person swept an eye over it, and couldn't help but lick his lips, slightly drooling.

This was a slum, and living was already difficult enough, what more eating meat, what more when it was a small suckling pig - who would be willing to take out such a small pig to eat? They would definitely have to raise it until it was larger.

The little perverted pig was instantly anxious. Had none of you eaten meat for three lifetimes? It was one thing for those people to stare at it just now, but now this guy actually dared to say it out loud?

Xiu, I'll jump!
﻿
This fat pig struggled to jump out of Ling Han's arms. With a pa, it landed on the ground, and ran with all its might to that person's feet. Then, it opened its mouth and bit over.

"Hehe, we haven't eaten it yet, and it's already biting us," the man said with a smile. The perverted pig's defense was invincible, but his battle prowess was only trash. Biting didn't hurt at all.

He reached out to grab it. "I'll send it to the kitchen immediately. Wash it clean and put it in the pot!"

The little perverted pig was even more furious. Bite, I'll bite with all my might, b@stard.

Ling Han laughed loudly, and stretched out a hand to snatch the little perverted pig over. He said, "Let's discuss business first."

That person glanced at Ling Han, and looked displeased. However, he suppressed his displeasure and nodded, "All right."

After entering, there was a small courtyard, and after passing through the courtyard, there was the main hall.

This hall was also dilapidated, and even the roof was leaking. If it rained, there would definitely be rainwater seeping into the rooms. The furnishings in the room were very simple. There was only an Eight Immortals Table and four chairs[1]. A man in his forties was presently seated behind the Eight Immortals Table. His feet were bare, and one was resting on another chair.

What a serious ruffian.

Ling Han looked at this man, and asked, "Wolf Seven?"

"Have you brought the money?" the middle-aged man asked instead of answering.

Ling Han took off the bag on his back. It was filled with jade seeds. The other party had clearly said that he would only accept a direct transaction of jade seeds.\
﻿
This was also another reason why Ling Han didn't trust the other party. He didn't complete the transaction on the platform; he clearly didn't want to leave a record.

Ling Han was willing to come because the other party had taken a photo of Hard Bone Skin, and there was also the daily paper of the Imperial Capital that had just been published yesterday. Thus, it was true that the other party had Hard Bone Skin, but the possibility of him wanting to rob and then kill him was also extremely high.

"Where's the Hard Bone Skin?" he asked.

The middle-aged man glanced at Ling Han before taking out a black-colored item from his pocket. It was wrapped in a cloth and he placed it on the table.

The person who had led Ling Han in began to examine the jade seeds. Meanwhile, Ling Han took the black cloth and opened it. There was something that looked like a bone inside, but the veined patterns also made it seem like the skin of a pig. Smelling it again, there was also a sweet and bitter smell.

It really was the Hard Bone Skin.

On the other side, the man had also finished examining the jade seeds and nodded at the middle-aged man.

"Alright, you can leave now," the middle-aged man said.

His attitude wasn't very nice, but Ling Han didn't take it to heart. He put the Hard Bone Skin away, then turned around and left.

"Leave the Hard Bone Skin behind," the middle-aged man said from behind him.

Ling Han paused, and turned around, "Oh, why?"

"Leave behind the Hard Bone Skin, and you can walk out of here alive. Otherwise, you can only leave horizontally," the middle-aged man said calmly.
﻿
Ling Han sighed, and said, "Actually, I really don't like fighting with others."

"I don't like it either." The middle-aged man revealed a smile. "It's good that everyone can reach a consensus. Hehe, you can save yourself, and we can also save some energy! Oh, that's right, don't forget to leave the pig behind."

He looked at the little perverted pig. En, he had only heard that roasted suckling pig was very delicious. Today, he could finally have a good meal.

[1] This is an old fashioned square table that seats eight people
 