Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

3305 Pretending to be a pig to eat a tiger

The little perverted pig bared its teeth, making a threatening gesture. If you want to eat me, you can do it in your next life! 

Ling Han shook his head, "Are you going to go back on your word?"

"Is word more important or your life more important? It can't be that you can't even differentiate this, right?" the middle-aged man asked with a smile.

Ling Han also smiled, and said, "With just the two of you?"

"Wrong!" The middle-aged man clapped his hands, and instantly, seven people walked out of the inner courtyard. All of them were holding sabers, and one of them was actually holding a gun.

This was a large-caliber gun, and probably even Meridian Opening Tier elites wouldn't dare to face it head-on. Even if their fists hit the bullets, half of their arms would probably explode.

"Nine against one, and we have a gun. If you don't want to die, get lost!" The middle-aged man humphed, a vicious glint in his eyes. In truth, he had scammed Ling Han of a colossal sum of four million, and had absolutely no plans to let Ling Han leave alive. However, he had already laid out his plans in the courtyard, and it would be even more convenient for him to snipe him there. Furthermore, it would also be easier to deal with his blood.

Ling Han chuckled, "I'm so scared."

"Don't be afraid. As long as you're willing, we won't hurt you either," the middle-aged man said.

"There is still an ambush outside, right?" Ling Han suddenly asked.

"En?" The nine of them were all curious. Who had told him?

"You tricked me out of four million, and I only have to make a report, and that would definitely be a major case. Though you guys are hiding in the slums, and the situation here is complicated, if an investigation is really carried out, I can still find you guys." Ling Han explained, "In addition to the fact that I've seen you guys before, would you still let me go alive?"

"So, you keep telling me to leave. You should have laid some kind of trap in the courtyard, right? When I came in, it was not activated because you wanted to first confirm if I had really brought the jade seeds."Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

When these words were said, the nine of them were stunned. This analysis made a lot of sense.

But why was this brat still so calm?

Shouldn't you be panicking?

Ling Han turned around and left, opening the doors and entering into the courtyard.

Yi?

Everyone was surprised. 'Didn't you know that there was a trap in the courtyard? Why did you jump in even though you knew that it was a fire pit?'

Weren't you extremely smart just now? Why has your intelligence now become negative again?

"Let's see what kind of creativity you guys have." Ling Han took a step, and instantly, light flashed around him, turning into an arrow of ice that shot rapidly towards him.

As expected.

Ling Han nodded internally. When he had entered, he had already sensed the existence of formations in the courtyard. With the strength of his present spiritual power, and his understanding of formations, there was absolutely no way this could deceive him.

And the reason why he took the initiative to step into the formation was because he wanted to see the might of this formation.

"Haha, you're seeking death!" The middle-aged man and the others all looked pleased at the same time. They knew very well the power of this formation. It could easily kill even a Blood Transformation Tier elite.

This was also the reason why they still dared to play mafia when they didn't even know Ling Han's identity.

Ling Han's eyes narrowed slightly. The speed of this ice arrow was very fast, almost reaching Extreme Bone Tier-level.

He used the Shuttle Steps, and his speed immediately soared to twice the speed of sound. With a flash, the ice arrow instantly missed its target.

"What?!"

When the nine of them saw this, a chill rose up from the bottoms of their hearts.

Why did they have to "use civility before resorting to force"? That was because they were also afraid of coming across a tough opponent. Thus, if the target of the deal was an Extreme Bone Tier, they would obediently complete the deal, and definitely wouldn't dare to have any devious thoughts.

However, it had already been several years, and they hadn't encountered a single Extreme Bone Tier elite. In fact, they hadn't even come across many Blood Transformation Tier elites.

Now, a Blood Transformation Tier elite had actually dodged the attack of the ice arrow, which was naturally inconceivable to them, and caused their scalps to go numb. If Ling Han charged out of the formation, then wouldn't they be in deep trouble?

"There's no need to be afraid. Once this formation is activated, the attacks will be endless. This brat can dodge the first attack, but he won't be able to dodge the second, the third, and he can't even think about coming back out alive!" the middle-aged man said confidently.

Everyone nodded. They were similarly filled with confidence in this formation.

Ling Han dodged, and the ice arrows shot out endlessly from all corners. It was as if there were a considerable number of elites of Extreme Bone Tier taking turns to attack.

This was very dangerous. Thankfully, Ling Han's physique had become stronger, and his use of Shuttle Steps was also possible for far more than half a minute.

As he dodged, he continued to study the formation, searching for nodes.

This was a High Level Formation Technique, and for Ling Han, it was a little straining, because he had not yet begun to cultivate a High Level Formation Technique, but actual battle was the best teacher, what more when it was easier to destroy than to construct. Xiu, an ice arrow streaked past beneath his ribs, and tore through his clothes. Though it did not touch his skin, the cold air invaded, causing a block of ice to instantly form there.

"Very good!" The middle-aged man and the others all cheered.

"Quick, take this chance to shoot and kill him!" the middle-aged man said to the only gun-wielding man. Previously, Ling Han's speed was too fast, and he couldn't aim accurately at all.

The gunner hesitated, then said, "But, the sound of the shot would be too loud, and could possibly bring trouble to us."

"What are you afraid of? Which b@stard here dares to expose us?" the middle-aged man said viciously.

The gunner had no choice but to point his weapon at Ling Han.

However, Ling Han only paused for a moment before immediately recovering to twice the speed of sound. How was he supposed to aim?

Just shoot blindly? Wasn't that a joke?

Xiu, another arrow of ice shot over. Ling Han was already unable to change his course, and just when it looked like he was about to be hit, he stretched out his hand. Pa, the arrow of ice arrived.

"Very good!" The middle-aged man and the others shouted again.

"Gu-" However, what they heard was not Ling Han's cries of pain, but the cries of a pig.

What was going on?

Ling Han withdrew his hand. He had used the little perverted pig to block this arrow.

Though the ice arrows driven by this formation had the might of Extreme Bone Tier, it was more reflected in the coldness and speed. However, the power of the arrows wasn't great, so he wasn't sent flying by the counter force.

As expected, the little perverted pig was completely fine, and merely screamed out of habit.

This perverted pig glared fiercely at Ling Han, its teeth itching. If it could, it would definitely bite Ling Han's behind to pieces.

Pa, pa, pa, pa! Ling Han continued to use the little perverted pig to block arrows, fully observing this formation.

After a long while, a smile appeared on his face. He shifted his feet, and no more arrows of ice actually shot out.

But in the next instant, he immediately moved again, and stepped on another spot. Still, no ice arrow shot out.

This meant that Ling Han had stepped into a safe zone.

However, this safe zone was constantly changing, so Ling Han also had to move continuously, constantly stepping on this safe zone.
﻿
Otherwise, there would be more arrows of ice flying towards him. After all, the formation had not shut down yet.

However, this had already stunned the middle-aged man and the others to speechlessness.

They had never encountered such a thing before.

He had not even finished the thought, when Ling Han had already taken a few steps back, and reappeared in the main hall.

He broke into a grin, "I have tried out the formation, and it has some might."