Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

3306 Circular Plate

Faced with Ling Han's words, the nine people didn't know what expressions they should have.

'You're far too good at showing off!'

However, Ling Han was indeed qualified to show off, making them tremble. This person was too terrifying.

Oh no, it seemed like they had scammed the wrong person.

"Don't come over! Don't come over!" The gunner pointed the muzzle at Ling Han.

Though Ling Han's speed could reach two times the speed of sound, at such a close distance, the speed of the bullet shooting out of the chamber could reach three times the speed of sound - it was not much different, and was definitely not something that Ling Han could dodge.

Though that was the logic, the hand of the man with the gun was trembling endlessly. He was really afraid.

"Shoot him, shoot him dead!" the middle-aged man shouted.

Ling Han glanced at him, and said, "So noisy!"

Xiu, with a flash, he had already appeared in front of the gun- wielding man. He stretched out his right hand, and everyone felt their vision blur. They saw that the gun had already fallen into Ling Han's hand.

The nine people couldn't help but swallow with great difficulty.

Now, the formation was useless, and the gun had also been snatched. What else could they do?

Pa, the middle-aged man immediately knelt down, and said, "Brother, brother, we were just playing around with you."

Ling Han smiled faintly, and said, "Open your mouth."
﻿
The middle-aged man didn't dare to keep his mouth shut. Immediately, he felt a coldness in his mouth as an ice-cold barrel was stuffed into his mouth. Instantly, his legs became weak, because he knew the power of this gun. If he were to pull the trigger with the gun held against his throat like this, his whole head would explode.

"Pa!" Ling Han suddenly shouted.

The middle-aged man's legs immediately became weak, and he collapsed onto the ground. A fishy smell wafted out, and he had actually wet himself in fright.

"Oh, I was just playing around with you," Ling Han said with a smile. The middle-aged man was about to collapse. He looked at Ling Han with an aggrieved gaze. 'Brother, you're going to scare people to death!

Ling Han's hands gripped the gun, and with a twist, this steel- forged gun turned into a twisted ball of metal.

Hiss!

The nine of them felt a chill in their hearts at the same time, and looked at Ling Han's hands in disbelief. If their arms or necks were twisted by these hands, what would happen?

Ling Han smiled faintly, and said, "Come, tell me all the dirty dealings you've done all these years. If anyone lies, I'll break his neck."

The nine of them did not dare to say anything, and spat out all the evil deeds they had done all these years.

Originally, they were the thugs here. Usually, they would only do some shady business of bullying both men and women, and this could not be considered much. It was right until seven years ago, that the middle-aged man had stolen from a martial arts elite, and had been counting his spoils of battle in this courtyard. He had not thought that the latter would actually follow him here.

His pleas for mercy were fruitless, and he was struck by the other's sword. However, he accidentally activated the formation buried underground, and that elite was directly turned into an ice statue.

After dealing with the elite's corpse, he unexpectedly obtained a piece of Hard Bone Skin. At first, he had wanted to directly sell it for some money, but afterwards, an idea came to him.

Why can't he sell it on the online platform, and then kill any buyer with the formation?

If he sold the Hard Bone Skin, that would only be a one-time gain, but if he used the Hard Bone Skin to fish out rich people, that would be an endless stream of income.

Unfortunately, the market for Hard Bone Skin was really too small. After seven years, added with Ling Han, he had only managed to come to an agreement for a deal with two other people.

Usually, they would also use the formation to harm others, but it was just a small business, and their income was not high. Added together, it was not as valuable as the sum Ling Han had brought today.

Of course, it seemed like they wouldn't be able to succeed today. They would definitely lose everything.

As Ling Han listened, the killing intent in his heart gradually rose.

Though these nine people did not have any strength, they had really committed a considerable number of crimes.

Because this was a slum, no one would care if someone died, so they would often kill people for fun, and there was no small number of women they had r@ped. Now, there were two of them still imprisoned in the backyard.

"Tell me, why should I give you a way out?" he asked.
﻿
"Spare me, spare me!" Someone was only focused on kowtowing and begging for mercy.

"This answer does not satisfy me." Ling Han tapped out a finger, and the force passed through. Pa, that person's head immediately exploded, and his headless body collapsed onto the ground, raising dust.

There were nine people, and now there were only eight left.

"What about you?" Ling Han looked towards the second person.

"Milord, I'll be your underling. I'll hit whoever you tell me to," that person said.

Pa, Ling Han shot out another finger, and that person's head also exploded.

"I'm still not satisfied." Ling Han shook his head, then looked at the third person, "What about you?"

The third person had already wet himself in fright. His lips were trembling, yet he was completely rendered speechless.

Pa, Ling Han mercilessly shot out a finger, and that person instantly became a headless corpse.

"What about you?" he asked the fourth person.

"Ignore him. He's completely toying with us!" The middle-aged man saw through him, and said, "No matter what, he'll still kill us."

Ling Han clapped his hands, and said, "Finally, there are smart people."

"Don't kill me! I don't want to die!" Someone broke down, collapsing to the ground and wailing.

Ling Han looked at him, and said, "I'm sure you've heard these words yourself many times, but who have you spared?"

Even though their strongest was no stronger than Ten Meridians, there were at least 90 people who had died in the hands of these nine people, even if not 100. They were really despicable villains.

"Any last words?" Ling Han asked.

"Spare me! Spare me!" Unfortunately, there were really not many strong-willed people. Aside from the middle-aged man, everyone was only begging for mercy.

Ling Han did not feel the slightest bit of sympathy. With a tap of his finger, pu, pu, pu, the six of them collapsed, one after another, turning into headless corpses.

He arrived at the backyard, and saw that there were two beds laid out inside. On them lay two naked women, their hands and feet still tied.

Seeing him enter, the two women did not have the slightest reaction, as if they had already become numb.

Ling Han sighed, walked over and used the broken sword to cut open the ropes around their arms and legs. Then, he said softly, "It's all right now. Go home."

He left some jade seeds for the two women, then walked into the courtyard and began to dig.

He was very interested in the formations in the courtyard, so he wanted to dig out the formation foundations.

After a while, he revealed an expression of surprise.

That was because not only was there only one formation foundations, it was pitifully small. It was just a small circular plate, on which a great many formation patterns had been erased.

It was another item passed down from the ancient times.

Ling Han took out the circular plate. It was made of some unknown material, and was very heavy.

He did not stay here for too long. He stowed the circular plate into the Essence Nurturing Gourd, and immediately set out to return to the Academy.VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

After returning to his courtyard, only then did Ling Han take out the circular plate and study it carefully.

This material looked like both metal and stone, and when light shone on it, it had the brilliance of a beautiful jade.

Looks like High Level formation patterns all needed to be drawn on special materials.

Ling Han looked at the formation patterns again. They definitely weren't drawn by blood, and if he were to guess, it was more likely that they were the juice produced by a plant.

'Interesting!

He rubbed the circular plate, deducing the combination effects of formation patterns.

Not long after, he revealed a shocked expression, because even if a large number of formation patterns on this circular plate had been destroyed, the remaining formation patterns were enough to unleash the might of Inscription Tier.

It was completely because the activation method was wrong, and that was why it could only unleash the might of Extreme Bone Tier, and it was only the might of First Extreme at that.