Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

3307 Causing trouble

Ling Han secretly called himself lucky. If that bunch of ruffians could unleash the full might of the formation, he would be in big trouble.

However, at the very least, there was still the Essence Nurturing Gourd, and the perverted pig could also block attacks for him.

"Heng, heng!" As if sensing his thoughts, the perverted pig rolled his eyes at him.

Ling Han continued to study the formation technique. He was sure that if he was given a few days, he would definitely be able to master the formation technique.

At night, Xuanyuan Dingguo came again.

"Ling Han!" He strode in, an expression of fury on his face.

"What is it?" Ling Han asked with a smile.

"I've already found out. Someone has indeed removed your qualification," Xuanyuan Dingguo said.

The present Holy Emperor had issued a decree personally, and there was still someone who dared to mess around?

Xuanyuan Dingguo shook his head, and said, "If the Holy Emperor speaks up personally, then naturally no one would dare to touch your place. More importantly, His Majesty still doesn't know of your existence. It's up to Lord Yang to decide who can participate in the hunting competition."

"Though Lord Yang can be said to be influential, if there are a few Imperial Princes interfering, it would be a very simple matter to remove a placement. I am sure that Lord Yang would not deliberately pay attention to your matters either."

The Lord Yang that he was talking about was naturally the current Council Chairperson, Yang Bai.

Ling Han found this strange, and asked, "I have not met any Imperial Prince, so why would there be an Imperial Prince targeting me?" Could it be that his title as the second Hong Tianbu had provoked some Imperial Prince?

To be honest, he didn't like the title of the second Hong Tianbu. He was him, and there was no need for him to drag anyone in to help him win fame.

Moreover, he believed that he would definitely be able to surpass Hong Tianbu.

Xuanyuan Dingguo shook his head, and said, "I also found it strange, so I went to investigate again. Only then did I find out that there was another person behind this matter."

"Who?"

"Feng Ruoxian."

F***, it was actually this woman?

Ling Han faltered for a moment. It was Feng Ruoxian who owed him a debt of gratitude and he didn't owe her anything, yet Feng Ruoxian was repaying his kindness with ingratitude, dragging him down.

He felt an urge to hit her. This woman was too disgusting, wasn't she? What a waste of her pure appearance.

"Ling Han, didn't you and Feng Ruoxian both come from Huju City? How did you become enemies?" Xuanyuan Dingguo asked.

Ling Han shook his head, and said, "It's just that I didn't agree to become her subordinate, and she already hates me."

Xuanyuan Dingguo gaped in shock. "She's actually so vengeful?"

He had seen Feng Ruoxian before. This woman was gentle and graceful, giving off a very comforting feeling. Why was her heart so ugly?

"En." Ling Han nodded. Though he had long since known that Feng Ruoxian would be displeased after being rejected, he had never imagined that Feng Ruoxian would report his kindness with enmity. "Several Imperial Princes have joined forces to ban you. This is no easy task!" Xuanyuan Dingguo said.

Ling Han nodded. Although Feng Ruoxian was the mastermind, and she wasn't much in the Imperial Capital, but with the appearance of several Imperial Princes, who would dare to stand up for Ling Han? Though these Imperial Princes were not powerful competitors for the throne, they were still members of the bloodline of the Holy Emperor, after all. Who would dare to publicly disobey them?

"Forget it, it's just a matter of a martial arts technique." Xuanyuan Dingguo patted Ling Han's shoulder and comforted him.

If he was General Xuanyuan, then there was absolutely no need for him to take to heart this kind of Imperial Prince that was lower in status among the ranks. He would say whatever he wanted to say, but he was only one of General Xuanyuan's many children, and he wasn't the most outstanding either, so how could he dare to rashly step out?

Moreover, even if he was willing to speak up for justice, those Imperial Princes did not need to give him any face at all.

Ling Han nodded at Xuanyuan Dingguo and said, "Thank you." There was a pent-up anger in his heart. The more people wanted to mess with him, the stronger his backlash would be.

No, he definitely could not endure this matter just like that.

On the morning of the second day, Ling Han went to the Formation Masters Association.

A Formation Master wasn't like an alchemist; they also had battle prowess. Thus, a Formation Master was also qualified to participate in the hunting competition-of course, it had to be an outstanding one. No random person could be used just to make up the numbers.

Ling Han had come to find Chen Hao and ask him to give him a qualification to participate.

He was the Chairperson of the Formation Masters Association, and probably only the current emperor could afford to not give him face. It was really no issue for him to suppress a few Imperial Princes who were ranked at the bottom.

"Brat, come, let's immediately go to the Alchemist Society." Chen Hao was very excited, and Zhong Feiyang was standing beside him.

This old man kept thinking of going to the Alchemist Association to show off.

Ling Han gritted his teeth. This would be very awkward.

Forget it. In any case, he was both a Formation Master and an alchemist, so what could he do about it?

"Chairperson, I want to ask you for a favor," Ling Han said.

"What favor?" Chen Hao nodded.VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Ling Han smiled and said, "I would like to ask the Chairperson to go out and use your connections to help me get the qualifications to participate in the hunting competition."

"Yi, as a Formation Master, why do you have to join in on the excitement?" Chen Hao was a little curious.

Though a Formation Master also had powerful battle prowess, because setting up a formation required time, he was only suited to be a support, or had the protection of a cultivator to survive the period of time he needed for setting up a formation.

But in the Hunting Tournament, everyone could only depend on their own strength. Who would help you?
﻿
"I'm just going to take a look." Ling Han smiled, and didn't say anything else.

"All right," Chen Hao agreed. He still admired this prodigious Formation Master very much. In any case, this was only a small token. It was fine as long as he spoke up. He still had this bit of face.

"Let's go." He waved his hand, and brought Ling Han and Zhong Feiyang out. There was naturally a private car that would take them to the Alchemist Association.

The distance between the two headquarters wasn't too far, and they arrived at their destination in just 20 minutes.

Chen Hao was the first to disembark. He looked at the structures of the Alchemist Association, and couldn't help but chuckle. Today, he was going to make Qi Liandong submit completely. He kept saying that Hong Tianbu could not be considered a real Formation Master, humph.

"Greetings, Grandmaster Chen!" The Chairperson of the Formation Masters Association was personally paying a visit. The guards hurriedly paid their respects. There was naturally no one who didn't know of this mighty figure. Moreover, it wasn't the first time that the old geezer had come here.

It was the same for Qi Liandong. He had been to the Formation Masters Association many times, and the two old geezers had already been contending for half their lives.

Chen Hao ignored him and walked straight over. The guard didn't dare to stop him.

He was very familiar with the surroundings, and very quickly, he arrived at Qi Liandong's study with Ling Han and Zhong Feiyang in tow. Without knocking, he directly pushed open the doors and entered.
﻿
"Old geezer Chen!" Qi Liandong's back was facing them, yet he immediately shouted out Chen Hao's name. This was because no one apart from Chen Hao would be so rude.

"Old geezer Qi, I've come today to make you submit!" Chen Hao said proudly.

With his status, he was actually only second to one person. Even the Council Chairman, the Four Great Generals, Grand Tutor Hong, and the others couldn't control him, and he didn't like power either. The only thing he cared about was studying formations and the status of the field of formations.

In the Dark North Nation, formations and alchemy were both powerful supports, but Chen Hao was naturally unconvinced. He felt that formations were more outstanding.

Thus, he had always disliked Qi Liandong and the Alchemy Society.

Qi Liandong immediately turned around, and when his eyes swept over Ling Han, he couldn't help but be startled.