Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

3308 The two great Chairpersons' faces flushed red with anxiety

Qi Liandong naturally faltered upon seeing Ling Han. Why had Ling Han appeared here?

Could it be that it just so happened that Ling Han wanted to ask him for guidance on pill recipes, and in the end, encountered Chen Hao and came in with him?

Who cares? In any case, he was just wanting to show off Ling Han in front of Chen Hao, which would save him the trouble of calling the latter over.

"Old geezer Chen, where did you get such courage from?" Qi Liandong asked coldly.

"Hehe." Chen Hao laughed. He was just waiting for the other to ask. If he didn't ask, how was he supposed to show off?

He cleared his throat, and said, "Old geezer Qi, let me ask you, does your Alchemy Association have any Middle Level alchemist under thirty years old?"

"No," Qi Liandong said without hesitation. He indeed didn't have one. There was only a high level alchemist who wasn't even twenty years old yet. Hehe, he would scare him to death when he told him later.

"Unfortunately, the Formations Association has one," Chen Hao said as he entered the show-off segment.

"Oh?" Qi Liandong sneered internally. A mere Middle Level Formation Master, hehe, he thought it was some kind of powerful trump card.

"Let me introduce him to you." Chen Hao pushed out Zhong Feiyang, and said, "This brat's name is Zhong Feiyang, and he's only 26 years old this year. He's a Middle Level Formation Master!"
﻿
Qi Liandong glanced at Zhong Feiyang and nodded. Indeed, a twenty-six-year-old Middle Level Formation Master could be considered an extremely freakish genius. However, this was not only inferior to Hong Tianbu, but also inferior to Ling Han.

"Not bad," he said. At this time, he naturally had to praise him a bit. Only then would it hurt even more when he slapped him in the face later.

Chen Hao laughed mischievously, and said, "Old geezer Qi, you also think that this brat is not bad. Hehe, there's more!"

He pushed Ling Han out, and said, "This brat is-"

"Old geezer Chen, hurry up and let go. Do you want to make a move on a junior? How shameless!" When Qi Liandong saw this, he immediately became anxious, fearing that Chen Hao would harm Ling Han.

Chen Hao was taken aback. This was a prodigy from the Formations Association, why would I make a move on him?

What was wrong with the old geezer? Had he gone crazy?

"This is a prodigy from our Alchemy Association!" Qi Liandong called out again.

Chen Hao was completely stupefied upon hearing this. 'What?! Ling Han is a prodigy from your Alchemy Association?!'

You old geezer, you're too shameless, aren't you?

No matter how jealous you are of the prodigies of the Formations Association, you can't just distort facts, and call one of them a member of your association.

"Old geezer Qi, what nonsense are you spouting? This is a member of our Formations Association!" he emphasized.

"Bullsh*t!" Qi Liandong was also enraged. This was clearly a High Level alchemist of the Alchemy Association, and he was only nineteen years old this year. The prodigy was unimaginably talented, and he actually dared to say that he was a member of the Formations Association?

"This is clearly a member of our Alchemy Association!" he roared. "You're the one who's spewing nonsense. This is a member of our Formations Association!" Chen Hao didn't hold back either. If he wanted to shout, he would. It wasn't like he hadn't shouted before. The two old geezers whose ages were over 200 years in total were both shouting with flushed faces and raised necks, wanting nothing more than to strangle each other.

Zhong Feiyang was dumbfounded. In his eyes, this was a farce.

Because this was something that could not be more obvious, the truth could be easily revealed. Why did Qi Liandong say this?

He would be exposed in an instant.

"Let go!"

"You're the one who needs to let go!"

The two old geezers each pulled on one of Ling Han's arms, both wanting to pull Ling Han over to their side.

Zhong Feiyang opened his mouth and said, "Ling Han, why don't you explain?"

This was a very simple matter, yet neither of the two big shots had thought of this.

Ling Han gritted his teeth, and said, "This... that... how should I put it? I am indeed a Middle Level Formation Master of the Formation Association."

"What?!" Qi Liandong was given a fright. 'Are you joking?'

'Aren't you one of our High Level alchemists? Why are you still a Middle Level Formation Master?'
﻿
"Old geezer Qi Liandong, did you hear that?" Chen Hao was extremely pleased with himself. He truly didn't know why Qi Liandong was fighting with him. Wasn't this something that could not be clearer?

Ling Han chuckled, and said, "Chairperson Chen, I'm also a high level alchemist of the Alchemy Association."

When these words fell, Chen Hao's jaw dropped, and he looked like an idiot.

What scene had the two big shots not seen before? But now, they were both stunned.

They really didn't believe that anyone could possess astonishing natural talent in both areas at the same time. However, though they mocked, undermined, and contended with each other, after so many years, how could they lack understanding of each other? -Although they were fighting, both sides actually appreciated each other's talent. They were sure that neither of them was the type to lie.

Zhong Feiyang was also dumbfounded. What was going on? It seemed like his intelligence wasn't enough.

"Are you really a Middle Level Formation Master?"

"Are you really a High Level Alchemist?"

The two old geezers asked at the same time.

Ling Han nodded, and said, "I am a Middle Level Formation Master, as well as a High Level Alchemist. Both are correct."

Qi Liandong and Chen Hao exchanged a glance, then said at the same time, "Let go!"

"You're the one who needs to let go!"

"This is a prodigy from the Formations Association!"
﻿
"Get lost, Ling Han Han is a High Level Alchemist, so what would he care about being a Middle Level Formation Master!"

"Nonsense, next, I will personally nurture him. I guarantee that in three years, no, within a year, this brat will become a High Level Formation Master!"

"Bullsh*t, just keep boasting. With three years' time, I can send him to the level of Grandmaster Alchemist!"

The two old geezers fought over Ling Han without any care for their image, both wanting to pull Ling Han over to their side.

What a joke. A young man who was not even twenty years old could attain such accomplishments in formations and alchemy at the same time. Then, if he studied one field, his future prospects would be limitless.

Perhaps, there would appear a grandmaster below thirty years old!

"Don't you have Hong Tianbu? Go and find your formation prodigy," Qi Liandong said.

Chen Hao rolled his eyes. Hong Tianbu was obsessed with martial arts, and he was only studying formations to make it more convenient for him to explore ancient sites, so how could he possibly put all his energy into it?

"Hong Tianbu is Hong Tianbu, and Ling Han is Ling Han. Why should I give in to you?"

Qi Liandong sneered, and said, "Just the fact that Ling Han is now a High Level Alchemist means that he has more future prospects in alchemy. So, it would be best not to waste time on you."

"Bullsh!t! If Ling Han had focused all his energy on formations, he would have naturally become a High Level Formation Master long ago." Chen Hao naturally wouldn't back down.

The two old geezers glared at each other again, as if they wanted to kill each other with their gazes.

Zhong Feiyang felt like he was in a dream. The two of them were the most powerful people under the Holy Emperor, yet they were actually arguing so intensely. Where was the reservedness of mighty figures?

And all this was because of a young man who was not even twenty years old yet.𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

He was also extremely shocked. Ling Han was actually a High Level Alchemist?

To be honest, he had still been a little dissatisfied when he had lost to Ling Han previously, thinking that he might not have adjusted his condition to the best state, but now, he was completely convinced.

Probably everyone would have to concede. Was there any such freakish guy?

Ling Han smiled, and said, "There is no need to fight over this, Chairpersons. I am both an Alchemist, and also a Formation Master. There is no conflict between the two."

"What do you mean there is no conflict!" The two big shots roared at the same time.