Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3309  Mysterious uses of Spiritual Power

What a joke. One's energy was limited. If one focused on one matter, it would naturally affect other matters.

Moreover, whether it was alchemy or formations, they were both fields that one could possibly not reach the pinnacle even if one spent a whole lifetime's effort, and he still wanted to have both? That person was destined to only be mediocre.

Though Ling Han was presently both a High Level Alchemist and a Middle Level Formation Master, with the beginning of great dao, there was definitely a higher level above Grandmaster Level. Furthermore, it was possible that there were a great many levels. This could be deduced from the formations and alchemical pills passed down from ancient times.

Thus, one should not bite off more than one can chew. He definitely had to choose one.

Ling Han smiled, and said, "Then please supervise me, Chairpersons. If I am unable to do both, I will definitely only choose one."

The two old geezers looked at him, both unwilling to give up.

However, firstly, they couldn't suppress the other, and secondly, looking at how Ling Han was acting, it seemed like they wouldn't be able to convince him either. Thus, it was best not to waste time and temporarily accept Ling Han's suggestion. In any case, this guy was still very young. When he crashed into a wall, he would naturally know that he had to make a choice.

"Old geezer Qi, it's rare for me to come here. Where's your Jade Crane Spring? Hurry up and take it out for me to taste." Chen Hao loosened his grip and sat down on the side, not reserved at all.

"My precious granddaughter only brews just those few jars every year, and at least half of it goes into your stomach!" Qi Liandong complained. Even though he said this, he still brought two wine glasses over.

"Why are you so stingy? At least half of my Flying Flower Cigarettes was consumed by you!" Chen Hao sneered.

Right, these two old geezers seemed to be arguing fiercely, but in truth, they had quite a good personal relationship.

Ling Han and Zhong Feiyang exchanged a glance before exiting the study.

"Brother Ling, you're truly freakish!" Zhong Feiyang said with emotion. If Ling Han were only a Middle Level Formation Master, he would still think that he wouldn't fall behind, but Ling Han was actually also a High Level Alchemist.

Though alchemists and Formation Masters did not belong to the same system, everyone had a criteria for judging in their hearts. Middle Level Formation Masters naturally corresponded to Middle Level Alchemists.

To be honest, he had to address Ling Han as Lord. At least, he had to address him as Grandmaster.

Ling Han smiled, and said, "It's just that I've dabbled in a wider range of subjects. They're all miscellaneous knowledge."

Zhong Feiyang felt rueful. Was this still considered dabbling?

He sighed, and had already given up any thoughts of competing with Ling Han for supremacy. Ling Han had spent half his effort on formations and was still more awesome than him, so how could he compare?

He still didn't know that Ling Han was most skilled in martial arts. Right now, he was given the title of the second Hong Tianbu. Otherwise, he would probably start doubting his own life. Perhaps he was hopelessly stupid?

Ling Han returned to the academy and continued to observe that circular plate. After a night, he gained a lot of enlightenment.

At the same time, his spiritual power also became stronger under the nourishment of the Essence Nurturing Gourd. He was only a sliver away from the High Level in Spiritual Power, and there was also another piece of good news, and that was he was close to reaching the end of his cultivation of the First Change.

When he cut open a little skin, he would be able to see that his blood was now completely purple in colour.

In these few days, he would be able to break through to Second Change.

After the morning training ended, Ling Han continued to comprehend that circular plate, but in the afternoon, he suddenly received a notification on the optical computer, telling him to head to the Imperial Hunting Ground in five days to participate in the hunt.

In the notification, there were clear rules about what clothes one should wear on this day, and how they should pay their respects to the Holy Emperor when they met him.

"Old Chen is very efficient," Ling Han said with a smile.

He set the matter of the hunting tournament aside first. There were still five days, and he wanted to break through to Second Change before that. Meanwhile, his spiritual power would reach High Level, and he would be able to completely unravel, master and use the formations on this circular plate.

In this way, he would be unafraid no matter how strong an opponent he encountered during hunting.

In another day's time, his spiritual power reached the High Level.

He immediately attempted to communicate with the women in the dimensions inside his body again. This time, he finally obtained a massive breakthrough. He could communicate with the people inside!

Though it was only communication on a mental level, it was enough for them to express their longing for each other, resolving the hardship of not being able to see each other.

And this also gave Ling Han great motivation. He was sure that with his Spiritual power advancing a few steps further, he would definitely be able to release the people in the dimensions inside his body.

He tried to channel his Spiritual Power, to see how much it could increase his battle prowess.

However, the result disappointed him. Even with his High Level Spiritual Power, he could only lift stones that weighed around five kilograms.

Even so, this was still very cool, because the sight of a rock that was nine meters away floating up out of thin air was still quite shocking.

Ling Han suddenly had an idea. Although five kilograms of strength wasn't much, if he secretly slashed someone's back with a saber or sword, it should be very destructive.

He tried to move a small rock, using his Spiritual Power to move it. Peng, the rock was shot out and smashed into the wall, leaving behind a white dot.

Its might… could only be considered negligible.

If he wanted to use this to injure or kill someone, it seemed like he was really thinking too much.

"That's not right. There is no distance for Spiritual Power. If that is the case, wouldn't I be able to continuously accelerate the speed of that rock?"

Ling Han instantly felt enlightened. He picked up a small rock and pushed it out. Spiritual Power caught up to it, and pushed again, again, again, and again. Soon, the rock continued to speed up. In fact, it even broke through the speed of sound, twice the speed of sound, but immediately, with a pa, it exploded.

At two times the speed of sound, it also placed a huge burden on the rock itself, and it couldn't bear the pressure and exploded.

Yet Ling Han was pleasantly surprised. This proved that his deduction was feasible.

"At two times the speed of sound, this is even more powerful than an ordinary gun. Furthermore, it is impossible to guard against it. Even a Fifth Change could possibly be killed with a single strike!"

Ling Han murmured to himself. Most importantly, under two times the speed of sound, this attack would not make a sound, because it was much faster than sound. If it was an attack from behind, how was a person supposed to dodge? Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

"I have to forge a few short swords, and they have to be able to bear the massive pressure of two, three, or even five times the speed of sound."

Ling Han's heart throbbed wildly. This would become another trump card of his.

Apart from setting up formations and concocting alchemical pills, Spiritual Power finally had a direct destructive ability.

"Young Master, I've broken through to Blood Transformation Tier!" The little female attendant's cheerful and excited voice rang out.

Ling Han turned around and said with a smile, "Huan Xue is very impressive. You broke through just like that!"

Although it was overwhelmingly slower than him, Huan Xue had only used a dozen over days in total. This was still extremely shocking.

Huan Xue was very pleased. To her, Ling Han's praise was the greatest source of pride in her life.

The little handmaiden came out of seclusion, so Ling Han naturally had someone he could order around. He had Huan Xue go to the weapon shop and have the shop order the weapon he needed.

The material had to be hard enough, light enough, and incredibly sharp. Then, if it attacked him from behind at more than three times the speed of sound, he was sure that even he would not be able to dodge.

Once this weapon was forged, Ling Han would possess a true trump card.

 