Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3310  Trump Card

In terms of weapons, however expensive the materials were, as long as one was willing to pay, they would definitely be able to obtain them.

This wasn't a Spirit Tool.

Thus, Huan Xue returned very quickly, and told Ling Han that the weapon shop had already accepted his order. They would have someone work overnight, and he would definitely be able to get it by tomorrow afternoon at the latest.

Ling Han nodded in understanding. That could only wait until tomorrow.

He continued to comprehend the formation patterns. This was really extensive and profound, making him feel like he had to study it for his whole life.

A night passed, and after Ling Han finished cultivating early in the morning, he discovered that he could no longer advance any further.

He had really cultivated to the end of First Change.

Ling Han wasn't in a hurry to break through. His cultivation level was advancing too quickly, and he needed time to stabilize his foundations. However, this didn't need too much time.

Originally, he had planned to break through to Second Change before participating in the hunting competition. He had not thought that he would develop a trump card like Spiritual Power, and this made breaking through to the next cultivation level less urgent.

It would be safer to completely stabilize his cultivation level before breaking through.

In the afternoon, Huan Xue went to get the weapons.

It wasn't long before she returned with nine gleaming small swords. They were only as long as a finger, and their blades were extremely thin and light. Their overall shape was completely streamlined, and if they flew in the air, that would decrease the resistance significantly.

Ling Han tried to slice the rock with the tip of his sword. Sparks immediately appeared on the rock, and a light mark was easily left behind.

"Young Master, the shop says that these are forged from Black River Metal, and belongs to the category of special metals," the little female attendant said from the sidelines. "I've taken a look, and only this fits Young Master's requirements. The material itself is light and hard, and after being polished, it is extremely sharp."

"However, it's so expensive!" She immediately revealed a pained expression. The nine swords actually cost more than two million Dark North Coins; this was practically robbery.

Yet Ling Han revealed a smile, "It's worth it. This money is worth it, haha!"

He grabbed a small sword with his Spiritual Power, then threw it out. It continued to speed up. Tu, tu, tu! The speed of this sword increased explosively, doubling the speed of sound, two times, three times. The small sword shot into the wall, directly creating a small hole, and continued to shoot out.

With a thud, it stabbed into the wall on the opposite side, and only then did it stop.

Ling Han leaped over and pulled out the small sword. The tip of the sword was still intact, and there was no damage at all. It was indeed hard.

He was very satisfied. However, it was not easy to experiment in this group of residences. Thus, he went to the forest at the back. There were a lot of rocks here.

Xiu, the flying sword rose again, reaching three times the speed of sound, and instantly pierced through a rock that was about a foot thick.

What terrifying destructive power!

If anyone told him that spiritual power couldn't kill people, he would slap them in the mouth.

"Three times the speed of sound is the limit?" Ling Han murmured. Though this might was no longer weak, if Extreme Bone Tier elites reacted in time, they would still be able to send the flying sword flying with a single punch.

—The speed at which he delivered an attack was definitely faster than the speed of movement of his body, so even if he could not dodge, it did not mean that he could not send the attacker flying. 𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

"There's a saying that goes 'one would not be able to cover the ears before thunder booms'. If the speed of this sword could be so fast that even if one's eyes could catch sight of it, one wouldn't be able to raise their hand in time… then, even if it was a head-on attack, how would the other party be able to block it?" Ling Han murmured.

His eyes lit up, and with a wave of his right hand, shua, the small sword shot out again. Meanwhile, his Spiritual Power continued to move. This was a fusion of mystical power, Spiritual Power and physical power.

The most unique thing about Spiritual Power was that it could ignore distance. As long as it was within the range that Spiritual Power could reach, it could be reached with a single thought.

Thus, with the stimulation of Spiritual Power, the flying sword that had originally reached twice the speed of sound began to speed up, instantly reaching three times the speed of sound, then more than three times, and finally reached four times the speed of sound.

This was the limit.

Unless Ling Han's spiritual power improved further, or he could obtain lighter materials, only then would he be able to continue increasing the speed of the flying sword.

"A head-on attack at four times the speed of sound, even Extreme Bone Tier elites would find it very hard to withstand such a blow." Ling Han nodded in satisfaction.

He even tried to throw out all nine swords at the same time, but to say nothing of nine, even the might of two swords shooting at the same time would decrease drastically. It was far less threatening than one.

Forget it. Before his Spiritual Power reached its peak, he had best use one first.

He returned to his quarters, and calmly prepared himself.

It was not for the sake of hunting, but to stabilize his foundations. When he thought that he had reached a consummate, flawless level, he would attempt to break through to Second Change.

Time passed quietly, and it was already the day of the hunting competition.

He naturally wouldn't walk over. Instead, he called for a car.

The Imperial Palace was located at the position of the dragon's head in the Imperial Capital, while the Imperial Hunting Ground was located at the position of the dragon's tail. It would take some time to travel from the Imperial Capital Academy; even by car, it would take more than two hours.

The car couldn't possibly come too close, and stopped at a far distance. The Imperial Hunting Ground was a forbidden area, and even the Four Great Generals and others couldn't barge in for no reason, let alone commoners.

Ling Han strolled casually, and soon arrived at the entrance to the hunting ground. This place was heavily guarded.

Before he managed to enter, he saw a carriage drive over, surpassing him, and stop at the entrance.

The carriage door opened, and a maid in green alighted first. She took out a ladder and placed it on the ground. Only then did a beautiful woman in white walk out. As the mountain wind blew past, her white dress fluttered, as if she was dancing gracefully, having a kind of graceful and divine air about her.

However, Ling Han glanced at the woman in white, and instantly revealed an expression of displeasure.

That was because this woman with an extremely strong, divine air was precisely Feng Ruoxian.

She slowly descended to the ground, and the soldiers in front of her immediately clasped their hands in greeting, appearing very respectful.

This was a female Count that had been personally bestowed the title by the Holy Emperor. She was the only one in the Imperial Capital. Though she did not have any real power, from a certain aspect, she was still a relative of the Imperial Family.

Feng Ruoxian would be gentle and tactful towards anyone, and respond with a smile, causing those soldiers to feel overwhelmed by flattery. How could there be such a gentle and amiable woman?

Pretence, she really knew how to put on an act.

Only then did Feng Ruoxian glance at Ling Han. There was a hint of surprise on her pretty face. What was going on here? Why had she encountered Ling Han here?

Hadn't she already told the Imperial Princes to disqualify Ling Han? Why had this guy come again?

Hehe, did he think that just because he had come here after begging someone, he could enter?

How naÃ ̄ve!

She really wanted to walk over and mock Ling Han. Previously, he had refused her offer to recruit him, and now he knew how painful it was, right? However, in front of everyone, she was a gentle fairy in the form of a celestial maiden, so how could she possibly destroy her own image and reveal her malicious side?

"Sister Xian!" Right at this moment, a young man walked out of the hunting ground. He looked to be in his mid-twenties, and was extremely handsome. His whole body was surging with vitality, and there was an oppressive feeling about him.

All the soldiers immediately bowed, and said in unison, "Greetings, Your Imperial Highness!"

Feng Ruoxian also cracked a smile, and said, "Brother Deyang."

This young man was none other than the ninety-fourth son of the current Emperor. His name was Chen Deyang.

Chen Deyang was very proud. He walked over, and cast a look at Ling Han before turning to Feng Ruoxian and asking, "Who is he? Why are you looking at him?"

He was filled with jealousy.

 