Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

3311 Complete defeat

Feng Ruoxian deliberately gave an 'oh', and said a bit aggrievedly, "Brother Deyang, he is Ling Han."

Chen Deyang looked towards Ling Han, his eyes shining brightly, a bit of killing intent appearing on his face. He had heard Feng Ruoxian say that there was someone who had similarly come from Huju City harrassing her, and she did not make too much of a fuss about it because that person was "one of her own". However, she was very troubled.

And now, this person actually dared to come to the Imperial Hunting Ground?

How audacious.

He smiled at Feng Ruoxian, and said, "Sister Xian, leave this matter to me!"

With that said, he strode towards Ling Han. Because he was an Imperial Prince, four soldiers immediately followed him to ensure his safety.

"You, kneel!" Chen Deyang pointed at Ling Han, his expression filled with disdain, when he was less than three feet away from Ling Han. Ling Han pondered for a moment before clasping his hands and saying, "Ninety-fourth Imperial Highness!" No matter who it was, even if they were the Four Great Generals or the Council Chairman, they would still have to address Chen Deyang as Your Imperial Highness when they saw him. This was etiquette.

There could not be any miss in etiquette, or it would leave a bad impression.

Then, he asked, "In the rules of ceremony of the Medium Saint, there is no such thing as kneeling. Even upon meeting the Holy Emperor, one only has to bow in respect. May I know if Your Imperial Highness's command for me to kneel is superior to the Holy Emperor?"

Though the Holy Emperor had outstanding martial arts skills, and had a long history of merit, he did not establish a practice for everyone to worship him. When everyone saw him, they did not need to kneel. This was also something that Ling Han admired very much.

Chen Deyang couldn't help but be startled by his question.

If someone really filed a report against him, and said that he wanted to surpass the Holy Emperor, then merely the harsh reprimands from the ministers would be enough to make him unable to hold his head high.

In the current world, if anyone wanted to suppress the Holy Emperor, that would be a serious crime.

The Holy Emperor, His Majesty, is a god!

He hurriedly said, "Nonsense!"

"Oh, so Your Imperial Highness did not mean that. Then I have misunderstood, and will not kneel," Ling Han said calmly.

Chen Deyang was stunned again. If he were to kneel, then it meant he wanted to surpass the Holy Emperor, but as he had denied it, the latter would also erase the matter of him kneeling completely. It seemed like something was off about this.

Feng Ruoxian saw this, and couldn't help but shake her head internally. In this first exchange, Chen Deyang was completely defeated.

"Brother Deyang, didn't you make him kneel because he barged into the hunting grounds?" she couldn't help but ask. Otherwise, Chen Deyang would probably be led around by the nose by Ling Han. "That's right! That's right!" Chen Deyang immediately nodded, regaining his pride. "This is forbidden grounds of the Imperial Family. How can you barge in here? Kneel down quickly and wait for punishment."

Ling Han didn't even cast a second look at Feng Ruoxian. She was just a clown, so what need was there for him to take her to heart?

He smiled faintly, and said, "Your Imperial Highness has misunderstood, right? I have received a notice, and have especially come to participate in the Hunting Tournament. How could I possibly barge in?"

"Nonsense!" Chen Deyang immediately jumped up, "You are not even on the list."

"Oh, how does Your Imperial Highness know?" Ling Han spread out his hands, "The matter is very simple. Your Imperial Highness only has to take a look, and you would know."

"There's no need to check. If I say you're not on the list, then you're not," Chen Deyang said resolutely.

Ling Han ignored him. Instead, he looked at a soldier, and said, "Logically speaking, you guys should be verifying the identity of the person who came, right?"

The soldier couldn't help but glance at his other three companions. He hesitated for a moment before nodding and saying, "Yes."

"Then come and verify my identity," Ling Han said with a smile.

Chen Deyang still wanted to speak, yet he was pulled back by Feng Ruoxian.

The woman said, "If we let him try, he would definitely not be able to pass. It would just confirm his crime of deceiving the Emperor!"

Chen Deyang nodded repeatedly. That's right, that's right. That was the logic. Why hadn't he thought of that?𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

He didn't stop them. Instead, he nodded at the four soldiers.

With Chen Deyang's permission, the four soldiers brought Ling Han to the checkpoint ahead of them. There was a fingerprint scanning device here, and it was the same as one at the Alchemist Association and Formation Masters Association's entrance. After verifying one's identity, the person who entered would be displayed.

Ling Han walked over and placed his thumb on it. Instantly, a green-colored light flashed.

This was permission to be admitted.

Eh?

Chen Deyang and Feng Ruoxian both gaped in shock. What was going on?

"Your Imperial Highness, we'll meet later." Ling Han strode past the barrier, and even waved his hand behind him.

In the second exchange, Chen Deyang was defeated once more.

"Stop right there!" Chen Deyang was dazed for a moment, then immediately jumped up and chased after him in large strides. He said, "You must have done something. It is impossible for you to appear on the list!"

Ling Han pretended to be surprised, and said, "Why is Your Imperial Highness so sure? The matter of deciding the namelist was all done by Lord Yang!"

Chen Deyang was anxious, and he blurted out, "Because it was me and my 97th brother who personally erased your name!"

When these words fell, he instantly realized that something was off, and hurriedly covered his mouth with his hand.

Feng Ruoxian couldn't help but sigh. The current Holy Emperor's might shook the universe, and he was like a god. How had he given birth to such a son?

However, when a dragon gave birth to nine sons, they were all different. The Holy Emperor had more than a hundred sons, so it was very normal for a few of them to be good-for-nothings.
﻿
Ling Han chuckled, and said, "So my name has actually been crossed out by Your Imperial Highness? I wonder what I did wrong, that caused Your Imperial Highness to be so angry?"

Chen Deyang stuttered. How could he say that because he and three other brothers wanted to perform in front of Feng Ruoxian, they personally came and using coercion and bribery, he and his 97th brother personally crossed out Ling Han's name?

If he revealed this, he would definitely be punished by the Holy Emperor.

Though he was the son of the Holy Emperor, the person he revered the most was still this father of his. He feared him to the core.

"His Imperial Highness is only joking." Feng Ruoxian walked over with a smile, making people feel comfortable from the bottom of their hearts.

"Yes, yes, yes. I was just joking," Chen Deyang hurriedly said. He wasn't stupid enough not to take advantage of the situation.

Ling Han also smiled, and said, "Heh, it's good that you're joking. Otherwise, if rumors spread that Your Imperial Highness tampered with the namelist in private, it would be very detrimental to Your Imperial Highness's reputation."

Chen Deyang could only swallow his anger. At this time, even if he was an Imperial Prince, he could only admit defeat first.

Just you wait, he would definitely not give up. He actually dared to set him up!

Ling Han turned on the optical computer, and after fiddling with it for a while, a voice immediately sounded. "... Because it was me and my 97th brother who personally erased your name!" It was Chen Deyang's voice.

F***!

Chen Deyang wanted to charge forward and kill him right away; this guy actually recorded it.

Instantly, he felt apprehensive. If the recording was not erased, it was possible that Ling Han would leak it out at any time, which would be greatly disadvantageous to him.

Ling Han smiled at Chen Deyang, and said, "Then, Your Imperial Highness, I shall take my leave first."

Chen Deyang was like a defeated rooster, and could only watch as Ling Han left.

After three exchanges, Chen Deyang was completely defeated.