Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

3312 Four Imperial Princes

Ling Han strode forwards.

He did not hate Chen Deyang. This kind of profligate young master was not qualified to be taken to heart by him. What he was angry about was Feng Ruoxian. She was really killing people without spilling blood, endlessly causing trouble, which was detestable.

At first, he only detested Feng Ruoxian, and planned to never see her again, but now, he felt an urge to give this woman a good beating.

After the barrier, there was a brick path. It was very long, and there were large trees planted on both sides. Green leaves covered the ground, and it did not appear bleak just because it was winter.

Ling Han followed the path, and after walking for about ten minutes, a massive plaza appeared ahead of him.

It was really very big. Its length and width was around 900 meters, and a tall platform was built on the north side. There was even a canopy built on it, which could block the rain and the sun.

At present, there was no one on the high platform, but there were a considerable number of people standing in the plaza beneath the platform. At a glance, most of them were young people.

"Yi, Ling Han, why have you come?" Xuanyuan Dingguo immediately walked over. He just happened to be nearby.

Ling Han smiled, and said, "I pulled some strings, so my name is on the list again."

Xuanyuan Dingguo was astounded. Ling Han's name had been crossed out by several Imperial Princes, so who would have such a great authority to add Ling Han's name back? Could it be that he wasn't afraid of offending those few Imperial Princes?
﻿
No matter what, this person would have to be on the level of the Four Great Generals, Grand Tutor Hong and the others.

But the problem was, among these mighty figures, which of them would be willing to stand up for Ling Han?

The difference in status between the two sides was really too wide. Ling Han didn't even have the right to have them know his name. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

"Your relations are really tough," he said sincerely.

Ling Han chuckled. The Chairperson of the Formation Masters Association naturally was strong enough. Even the Four Great Generals had to give Chen Hao some face.

Seeing that Ling Han didn't say who this person was, Xuanyuan Dingguo didn't ask any more questions. Although he was curious, he didn't go as far as to overstep his boundaries.

"There are really a lot of people here today." Xuanyuan Dingguo changed the topic, "Though the Holy Emperor has said that those in Extreme Bone Tier should not come and join in on the excitement, leaving the chance to the youngsters, there are still a great many people that have been stuck at the peak stage of Fifth Change for many years."

"To speak of nothing else, that Seventh Brother of mine is here." He pointed at a man not far away.

This seventh son of the Xuanyuan Clan looked to be in his thirties, and even had a beard. His whole person appeared to be very rough, and was very different from a pretty boy like Xuanyuan Dingguo. They most likely weren't born from the same mother.

"Xuanyuan Leshui has already reached the Fifth Change ten years ago," Xuanyuan Dingguo said softly. "Although he hasn't reached the Extreme Bone Tier yet, he's been at the peak stage of the Fifth Change for far too long, and he's already cultivated powerful techniques. He's not much inferior to the First Extreme."
﻿
Ling Han nodded. Although it was difficult to break through to the next major tier, the people here were all descendants of Inscription Tier and even Enlightenment Tier, so they naturally had other means to increase their strength. They couldn't be treated as an ordinary Fifth Change.

"Then are you confident?" he asked.

Xuanyuan Dingguo chuckled, and said, "Initially, I was indeed inferior. After all, he definitely has refined the mystical power to a purer level, and he has also cultivated special techniques. However, after obtaining so much honey from the Purple Wasps, my physique and physical power have both improved astonishingly. It's definitely not that I can't have a chance."

Ling Han nodded, "That's good."

"What are you two whispering about?" A delicate, seductive voice rang out, and an enchanting beauty appeared, swaying her plump bottom. It was Yin Xiujing, the bewitching beauty.

Xuanyuan Dingguo took the initiative to step back, maintaining a safe distance. This bewitching woman was fatally alluring, and provoking her would only lead to misfortune.

Ling Han smiled, and said, "I was just saying that we haven't seen each other for a few days, and Miss Yin has become even prettier."

"Yo, Little Brother Ling is really getting better and better at talking, making Big Sister so happy." Yin Xiujing squinted her eyes into slits, making one's heart flutter.

"Looks like it's going to be very difficult to become the champion of the hunting competition this time." Qin Xinghuo walked over. Although the seniority of the few of them were different, their ages were similar. Thus, they were actually very close to each other.

"Who would've thought that our brothers and sisters would also participate?" Tang Yue walked over and said. "It'll be great if we can enter the top 10 this time."
﻿
"Hehe." Xuanyuan Dingguo, Qin Xinghuo, and Yin Xiujing all laughed. ησʋεℓɦυℓƙ.¢σмThey didn't dare to be too sure, but they definitely wouldn't aim for just the top ten, because only the first place would receive personal guidance from the Holy Emperor on martial arts techniques.

Apart from the first place, there was absolutely no difference between the second place and the tenth place.

"Ling Han!" Four men walked over together. Ling Han didn't recognize three of them, but one of them was Chen Deyang. He walked last, and it seemed like he didn't want to encounter Ling Han.

This was very normal. After all, Ling Han had something on him. "Greetings, Your Imperial Highnesses!" Xuanyuan Dingguo and the others bowed at the same time.

The four men nodded. Aside from Chen Deyang, the other three were Chen Jingye, ranked 89th, Chen Shengjie, ranked 91st, and Chen Lixing, ranked 97th.

"I really never thought that you would be able to appear here," Chen Jingye said coldly.

Ling Han smiled and said, "What's so strange about me appearing here?"

"Humph, it's fine even if you have come. Since you're here, you have to be careful." A baleful expression appeared on Chen Jingye's face, and he continued, "Hunting is a dangerous activity!"

This was a blatant threat.

Ling Han smiled calmly, and said, "Thank you for your concern, Your Imperial Highness. I will be careful."

Chen Jingye humphed in resentment. He had initially wanted to scare Ling Han into begging for mercy. However, he hadn't expected this brat to be so calm.
﻿
No wonder he dared to keep pestering Feng Ruoxian. He was really shameless and bold enough.

He humphed, and did not speak further.

Chen Shengjie continued, and said, "Let me give you a piece of advice. It would be best for you to leave immediately."

Meanwhile, Chen Lixing smiled and said, "I think this is even better. Everyone says that this is the second Hong Tianbu, and I really want to see how strong you are!"

Judging by his expression, it seemed like he didn't think much of Hong Tianbu either.

Ling Han shook his head internally. Looks like these four Imperial Princes had been spoilt rotten, and that was why they were so condescending. The fact that Hong Tianbu could be acclaimed as a supreme freak, must be because his title came from genuine strength.

'It is your father that is awesome, not the four of you!

His desire to battle instantly dropped to rock bottom, and he couldn't be bothered to mock these four guys anymore. That was really too demeaning to him.

"Yi, Hong Tianliang is here!" Xuanyuan Dingguo suddenly said.

Even Chen Jingye and the other Imperial Princes looked over. Although they said that they were disdainful of Hong Tianbu, in reality, Hong Tianbu was the strongest prodigy of the younger generation. Perhaps, he would become a real big shot soon, and in terms of strength, he could match the Four Great Generals, the Council Chairman, and other veteran elites.

In fact, some people deduced that he already had this kind of strength by now, but he did not show it.

Thus, as Hong Tianbu's younger brother, Hong Tianliang also received a lot of attention.
﻿
Ling Han also glanced at him, and couldn't help but feel slightly surprised. That was because Hong Tianliang's current aura was very unstable. Occasionally, it would seep out of his body. It was obvious that he had just broken through not too long ago.

This was not strange. What was strange was that this guy's aura was actually blackish purple in colour!