Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00


﻿

3313 Arrival of the Holy Emperor

When a cultivator advanced into First Change, their blood would turn from red to purple, and when it became completely purple, he would have reached peak stage of First Change. 

This was a very obvious characteristic.

And if the blood turned blackish purple, what did that mean?

Second Change!

At the end of the Second Change, the blood would turn black, and the process of Second Change was for blood to turn from purple to black.bender

Blood affected aura, so unless one had cultivated a special

cultivation technique, the Qi and blood emitted would be the same colour as their blood.

Thus, Hong Tianliang had most likely advanced to Second Change. This also explained why his aura was so unstable.

This was what surprised Ling Han the most. This guy actually surpassed him in terms of cultivation level?

It should be known that Ling Han's advancement was already very, very fast. It was indeed surprising that he could still catch up to him.

Hong Tianliang's confidence soared. When his eyes swept over Ling Han, there was a hint of challenge and disdain, as if he was saying that Ling Han was no longer worthy of being his opponent.𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

"Yi, why has this guy become a Second Change?" Qin Xinghuo asked in surprise.

The Hong Clan Gang was a force that could contend with the Qin Clan Gang. Thus, he naturally would also be concerned about Hong Tianliang's cultivation level. When this guy entered the academy, he was clearly only in Meridian Opening Tier, and now, not only had he advanced into Blood Transformation Tier, he had even reached Second Change?

"Though there are indeed some medicines that can allow one's cultivation level to rapidly increase, it can also cause one's foundations to be unstable. You must temper your cultivation level well. If you rashly break through, not only will it affect your success rate, you may even face a life-threatening danger," Xuanyuan Dingguo said.

Tang Yue shook his head, and said, "That's because you guys are not aware. A few days ago, Hong Tianliang left the academy. It's said that he was called over for special training by that person."

That person was naturally Hong Tianbu. Among the younger generation, very few people would directly address Hong Tianbu by his name. They would all use the address of 'that person' instead, as if saying this name directly would make one feel pressured.

"No wonder." Qin Xinghuo nodded. "With that person's help, even if Hong Tianliang's breakthrough speed is slightly faster, his foundations won't be shaken."

Xuanyuan Dingguo and the others nodded in agreement.

As long as it was related to Hong Tianbu, then no matter how unreasonable the matter was, it would become reasonable, because this was a man that could perform miracles.

Ling Han suddenly felt an urge to meet Hong Tianbu. What exactly did he look like?

"He's just a Second Change. He can't pose a threat." Tang Yue waved his hand.

Xuanyuan Dingguo and the others all expressed their agreement. They were all peak stage Fifth Change elites, and they themselves were prodigies who had cultivated to 20 Meridians in Meridian Opening Tier. Naturally, they would be able to firmly suppress Hong Tianliang.
﻿
Yet Ling Han kept feeling that Hong Tianliang's present state was slightly different. He was definitely not as simple as Second Change. However, so what?

Relying on his spiritual power and speed, Ling Han could now rival even First Extreme elites. In fact, he could even kill them, so there was no need for him to care about a Second Change.

As time slowly passed, more and more people came.

After more than half an hour, the participants should have all arrived. Next, it would be the turn for the real powerful figures to take the field.

The first person to arrive was Grand Tutor Hong, an old man who looked to be in his sixties or seventies. His brows and beard were all white, but his complexion was very ruddy. He was tall and sturdy, his back straight, looking very energetic.

The second person was Yang Bai, and he wasn't alone. Instead, he had a cute little girl with him. She was only seven or eight years old, and this was his granddaughter. He was holding one of her hands, and her bright eyes were looking left and right. She wasn't afraid of strangers at all.

These two were the biggest shots. Because the Four Great Generals were guarding the borders, it was naturally impossible for them to come.

Since the two of them had come, there was only one person who could arrive later than them.

The Holy Emperor.

Sure enough, after a short while, they heard someone exclaim at the top of their lungs, "The Holy Emperor has arrived!"

Instantly, everyone became serious and stood solemnly. No one whispered to each other anymore. Even Yang Bai and Grand Tutor Hong, who were sitting on the high platform, stood up and faced eastward.

Xiu, a figure flew over, and landed on the high stage.

"Your Majesty!" Everyone bowed in respect. The Emperor had a grand and broad mind, and did not want his subjects to kneel, yet this had garnered even more respect for this Holy Emperor. After all, respect and reverence came sincerely from the hearts of the people, and was not something as simple and superficial as kneeling.

Ling Han looked over. This Holy Emperor was surprisingly young. He looked to be in his forties, at most, and his aura was reserved, as if he was an ordinary person. However, his eyes were too abundant with life, instantly making him have an air of dignity without being angry.

This Holy Emperor was simply standing there, yet he was exuding a boundless aura of dominance. It was like if the sky were about to collapse, he only needed to calmly raise his hand to hold up the collapsing sky before pressing it back upwards.

Ordinarily, this Holy Emperor should be over a hundred years old. Ling Han didn't think that he had ingested Everlasting Youth Pill or something of the sort-did men need it?

Then, it must be that this Holy Emperor had long since cultivated to an extremely high cultivation level, and his lifespan had greatly increased. Thus, the rate at which his appearance was aging had naturally slowed down.

In comparison, Grand Tutor Hong and Yang Bai were considerably inferior.

Ling Han had only found out not too long ago that this Holy Emperor's name was Chen Fengyan, and it was Xuanyuan Dingguo who had told him this. Ordinary people would not be able to know, and would not dare to ask around either.

Chen Fengyan nodded before raising his hand and sitting down.
﻿
"The purpose of organizing this hunting competition is to stimulate the vitality of the younger generation. Don't look at how calm and peaceful it is now, but in the near future, it may be a different situation," this top cultivator of the world said. His voice was not loud, but it was clearly heard by everyone.

"Yes, Your Majesty!" everyone roared. Many of them were flushed with excitement.

Chen Fengyan had been cultivating in seclusion for most of the time. To say nothing of hearing the Holy Emperor's words, even meeting him was an extravagance.

"Then let's begin," Chen Fengyan said with a wave of his hand.

Everyone bowed in the direction of the high platform, and only then did they turn around and set out towards the mountainous forest.

Before this, everyone had already been informed of the detailed rules of the tournament.

Each person could only act alone, and could not form cliques. Otherwise, the prey they killed would not be considered.

In this colossal mountainous forest, there was a large amount of surveillance. The coverage had reached about 90%, so no one could have any thoughts of getting lucky. In another aspect, with the existence of surveillance, it was easy to tally everyone's results. The tournament time was three days. During this time, the participants could attack each other, but they definitely couldn't deliberately kill each other. 

Don't forget that there were surveillance devices keeping watch at all times.

Xuanyuan Dingguo patted Ling Han's shoulder before dashing off. This competition both depended on one's abilities, and also depended on one's luck. If one encountered some normal Demonic Beasts within these three days, they definitely wouldn't be able to get a good result.

Thus, those like Xuanyuan Dingguo, Qin Xinghuo and the others could all possibly obtain the title of champion.

Additionally, the optical computer could only connect to a specific platform here to check one's personal results as well as the results of others.
 