Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3315 First battle with Extreme Bone Tier

This rock was considered relatively large among these rocks, but that alone was obviously not enough to attract Ling Han's attention.

He stared at it, and kept feeling that there was something off about this stone.

Xiu, he snapped his fingers, and a burst of power shot out, striking towards that rock.

A muffled sound rang out, and that rock actually "stood" up like a wild beast. It was not very tall, and only reached Ling Han's shoulder in height. Its length was about three meters, and its proportions appeared very out of place.

It had a head that was compatible with a crocodile. It was triangular in shape, and its mouth was especially sharp and long. It bared its teeth slightly, revealing black teeth, as if they were forged from grey stone.

What kind of creature was this?

Ling Han didn't dare to be careless. The aura exuding from this monster surpassed the Blood Transformation Tier, giving him extreme pressure.

Was this considered good luck? The moment he arrived, he had encountered a Demonic Beast that was an Extreme Bone Tier elite.

The rock beast stared at Ling Han. Its eyes were very small, and its eyeballs were also grayish black, completely matching its body. Just now, when it was lying on its stomach, it was very difficult to distinguish it even if its eyes were open.

Extreme Bone Tier beasts had all developed intelligence. The rock beast cocked its head, seeming to be curious. This human was only in the Blood Transformation Tier, and he actually dared to come here?
﻿
However, the meat of a Blood Transformation Tier should be quite delicious.

It immediately moved. Exerting force on its four legs, xiu, it charged towards Ling Han.

Even though it had four short legs, its explosive speed was not the slightest bit slow. It formed a sonic boom behind it. Pa, pa, pa, the reverberation spread out in all directions, sending those small rocks flying.

Two times the speed of sound!

Ling Han channeled Shuttle Steps and instantly sped up. Xiu! He also reached two times the speed of sound and retreated to the left. Then, he threw a punch at the stone beast.

BANG!

The force hit, but the rock beast's body only trembled slightly. It turned around, and continued to charge towards Ling Han.

-This was an Extreme Bone Tier, even if it was a First Extreme Bone Tier, had the strength of 2.5 million kg, and a Demonic Beast was even tougher. Ling Han had not erupted yet, so when the force of about 2 million kg blasted onto it, it would only slow it down a little, at most. Yet, Ling Han wanted to wound it?

At least, one punch was not enough.

The stone beast waved its front claws, and instantly, a terrifying power solidified and blasted towards Ling Han.

After Ling Han dodged a few times, he had already grasped the attack patterns of the stone beast. He channelled the Demonic Monkey Fists and fired out Frequency Attack.

Peng, peng, peng! After 17 bursts of power passed, the stone beast's attacks finally dissipated, and three more bursts of power continued to blast towards the stone beast, but when they hit its skin, only muffled sounds were heard.
﻿
Its shape was like stone, and its defenses were also extremely high. Ling Han was already certain. The power of this stone beast had reached three million kilograms. Unless he boiled his blood and Qi, he would definitely be overwhelmed.

Though his Frequency Attack could disperse stronger power, firstly, there was an upper limit, and secondly, he would need to attack multiple overlapping layers of power, which would consume too much energy.

If he wanted to disperse a fatal attack or deliver a fatal strike, he could use Frequency Attack. Otherwise, it was best not to waste mystical power.

Ling Han's figure bounced around, mainly dodging. He first observed the Demonic Beast's attack patterns, and while he was at it, allowed it to expend some of its power.

Outside the hunting ground, in the plaza.

Of course, mighty figures such as Chen Fengyan, Grand Tutor Hong, Yang Bai and the others naturally couldn't stay here for three days. After the hunt began, they would return and wait for the tournament to end before coming back.

However, there were still many people here, and they were all using the optical computer connection platform to watch the progress of the competition.

There was a large amount of surveillance in the hunting grounds, and practically everyone's movements could be captured. However, if others were watching, they naturally could not possibly manage to see all of them, and could only choose one to observe.

The platform provided a total of thirteen views, ten of which were the images of the top ten people in the credits leaderboard at present, while the other three were random views. Whichever monitor they cut into was whichever one it was, and the characters within were constantly changing.

"Is Hong Tianliang on drugs? He's already left everyone else behind on the credits leaderboard."

"I never thought that a Second Change would actually be so powerful!"

"As expected of that person's younger brother!"

"He, it is not that he himself is outstanding, but rather that his older brother is too nature-defying, and that is why he has been bestowed with such good fortune."

"Sigh, I also want to have such an older brother."

Most people had locked onto the scene of the first place holder. Hong Tianliang had killed another Blood Transformation Tier Demonic Beast, and Xuanyuan Leshui, who was in second place, had already been left behind by as much as a third of his total scores.

"Yi! Yi! Yi!" Someone suddenly exclaimed, "Guys, look at the second scene in the random channel!"

"What are you doing? Why are you making a fuss?"

"Cut the crap, I told you to look, so just look!"bender

"F***!" The person who had been watching immediately jumped up.

"What's wrong?" someone beside him asked.

"Quick, look at the random channel. There's a powerful person!"

"What powerful person?"

"He's fighting in the third area, so don't you think he's fierce?" "F***, really?"

News spread from one person to ten, and from ten to a hundred. Instantly, a great many people switched to that scene, and saw a Demonic Beast that had the body of gray stone was presently engaged in an intense battle with a human.

"That's a Gray Rock Beast. It's said to become an Extreme Bone Tier after maturity." Someone recognized the origins of that Demonic Beast.

"Yi, isn't that Ling Han?" Another person recognized the human on the other side of the battle.

"That's right. It's that guy. Recently, his momentum has been very fierce. He has even defeated Hu Yang."

"Yi, Hu Yang didn't come this time. Could it be that it was because he didn't want to encounter Ling Han?" someone asked with a smile.

"Who said that Hu Yang didn't come? It's just that he's keeping a low profile now and hasn't made a big fuss about it, so you didn't notice."

"Oh, so that's how it is."

"Strange, isn't Ling Han a First Change in Blood Transformation Tier? Even if he has the battle prowess of a Fifth Change, and was capable of defeating Hu Yang, against an Extreme Bone Tier, he should have absolutely no chance of winning"

"That's indeed the case. Even if a Fifth Change elite martial artist's blood and Qi is boiling, his power is only comparable to Extreme Bone Tier, but firstly, Extreme Bone Tier martial artists can also boil their blood and Qi, and secondly, the defenses of Extreme Bone Tie is even tougher. 

A Fifth Change martial artist's burst of power would only be able to resist an Extreme Bone Tier martial artist for a while, and it would only be a First Extreme Bone Tier."

"So, this Gray Rock Beast definitely hasn't reached adulthood yet."

"En, though the third area is the territory of Extreme Bone Tier Demonic Beasts, it doesn't mean that there are no Blood
﻿
Transformation Tier Demonic Beasts."

"Damn it, this man and beast's speed is too fast. I can't see clearly at all."

"It can't be helped. After all, a monitor is not the naked eye."

After everyone's analysis, their previous shock quickly dissipated. They only felt that Ling Han was extremely audacious to actually dare to run to the third area.

However, there were still some people who were curious and kept staring at the optical computer. Moreover, the person in charge of the optical computer also seemed to be more interested in Ling Han. He actually didn't switch the image, allowing those people to continue watching.

However, when it exceeded the speed of sound, the monitors could only catch sight of afterimages. Only when the man and beast were in a state of stillness, would they be able to catch a clear glimpse of the scene, which made everyone feel curiosity burn in their hearts.VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔