Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

﻿

3316 Soaring credits

After fighting for more than ten minutes, Ling Han had already figured out the attack patterns of this Gray Rock Beast.

In truth, the Demonic Beast's attacks were very simple. It cast aside all the fanciness, and focused on practicality.

Ling Han didn't want to waste any more time. With his normal battle prowess, Ling Han definitely wouldn't be able to kill an Extreme Bone Tier beast. He had to use some trump cards.

He took out the broken sword and slashed out with it. Shua, a foot- long Sword Qi slashed towards the Gray Rock Beast.

BANG!

The Sword Qi landed on the Gray Rock Beast, releasing a muffled sound. Gray Rock Beast's skin actually turned into stone, forming a powerful defense, completely blocking the Sword Qi.

Yi?

Ling Han was astonished. Previously, the Gray Rock Beast had completely ignored his attacks and allowed him to attack it as if he was just punching its chest weakly. However, it had actually gone to defend against this attack, which was enough to prove the might of the broken sword.

This defensive technique was quite interesting. It actually turned a part of his body into stone, and further increased his defenses.

Thankfully, he had forced it to use this move. Otherwise, if he had used the flying sword to attack first, it was probably impossible for him to succeed.

After the attack, the Gray Rock Beast's skin immediately returned to its original state. It stared at Ling Han, or to be more precise, at the broken sword in Ling Han's hand, a hint of wariness in its eyes.
﻿
It no longer charged around recklessly, but rather began to circle around Ling Han.

By the looks of it, this Demonic Beast had only been playing around with him before. It hadn't taken him seriously at all. Now, it was finally treating him seriously and getting serious.

"Come on then!" Ling Han said with a smile. He slashed out with his sword, and xiu, Sword Qi swept out.

The Gray Rock Beast's skin once again turned to stone, taking this strike head-on. Then, it opened its mouth, and spat out a streak of dark light, which counterattacked Ling Han.

This dark light flew extremely quickly. Though Ling Han dodged at the first instant, the corner of his clothes was still touched. Gray spread out, and his clothes became heavy. A large portion of them had actually turned into stone.

Hiss, aside from turning its skin into stone and increasing its defenses, this Demonic Beast could actually turn it into an attack and turn its opponent into stone as well.

Ling Han forcefully tore off the corner of clothing that had turned into stone, and said to Gray Rock Beast, "Stone Beast, this ability of yours is not bad. Why don't you follow me in the future and become my lackey?"

Pu, the response was another dark attack from the Gray Rock Beast.

"Has no one told you that it's immoral to spit randomly?" Ling Han asked with a smile. He naturally knew that though his affinity was very strong, it wasn't strong enough to make an Extreme Bone Tier beast eagerly follow him.

With a soft exclamation, the broken sword in his hand slashed repeatedly, while he casually tossed small swords onto the ground. This would soon become a deadly weapon.

The Gray Rock Beast's attention was completely focused on the broken sword. As for those small swords?

Hehe, it wasn't a Spirit Tool, so it was extremely ordinary. It didn't care at all.

Ling Han feigned a frontal attack, and the broken sword slashed madly.

The Gray Rock Beast was also spitting out dark light madly. It only had to touch Ling Han, and it would be able to petrify this human's body, allowing it to easily catch up and crush him to death.

'Go!'

With a thought from Ling Han, xiu, a small sword floated up from the ground out of thin air. Then, it suddenly sped up, and instantly shot up to three times the speed of sound, so fast that there was no sound at all.

Pu, the small sword shot into Gray Rock Beast's left ear.

This strike was too fast, and it just happened to be in the blind spot of the Gray Rock Beast's vision. There was not the slightest bit of sound, and it was only when the flying sword was about to reach it that the Gray Rock Beast finally sensed it.

At this moment, it was naturally impossible to dodge.

The small sword was extremely sharp, and added with the power boost of three times the speed of sound, it directly sank into the Gray Rock Beast's head.

"Ang!" This Demonic Beast instantly went berserk. Though it had suffered a fatal injury, but because the sword was still stabbed there, with the vitality of Extreme Bone Tier, it was completely capable of holding on for a while.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

It pounced madly at Ling Han. Boom, its blood and Qi was already boiling. Not only had its power skyrocketed, its speed had also reached about 2.3 times the speed of sound.
﻿
Ling Han hurriedly dodged. Previously, he hadn't channeled Shuttle Steps to the maximum, and his speed increased again.

On the other side, he controlled his Spiritual Power, and suddenly pulled. Pu, a spurt of blood spurted out, and the flying sword had already flown out of Gray Rock Beast's left ear.

BANG!

The Gray Rock Beast instantly collapsed to the ground, its limbs twitching violently. It soon stopped.

Ling Han panted heavily. With the cultivation level of Blood Transformation Tier, and furthermore, a First Change at that, he had actually killed a Demonic Beast at the Extreme Bone Tier. Even if he was not the first in history, there were definitely very few that could accomplish such a magnificent feat.

As long as Spiritual Power was used properly, its destructive power was definitely not inferior to mystical power. Of course, he could not use it head-on in a confrontation. Otherwise, with Ling Han's current strength of about 5kg, he would not even be able to match an ordinary person.

He turned on the optical computer to check and to say nothing of getting first place, his credits were still a pitiful zero.

This should be because the people at the rear was confirming the strength of this Gray Rock Beast, so they needed some time.

He was not in a rush, and used the broken sword to cut open the Gray Rock Beast. This was a Demonic Beast of Extreme Bone Tier, so its blood and flesh would definitely be very nutritious.

However, it was a shame that there were surveillance devices here. Ling Han didn't want to expose the secret of the Essence Nurturing Gourd, so he could only obtain some important parts of the beast. "Yi, this thing?" When Ling Han sliced into the lower half of the Gray Rock Beast, he discovered a very long thing.
﻿
"Such a long beast c*ck!"

Ling Han gritted his teeth, and said, "If I eat this, I'll definitely die from over nourishment. If I sell it, I'm sure that many men will pay a huge price for it. I'll cut it off!"

Though he kept picking through the most valuable parts, there was still a large bag of beast meat that had been cut out, which made him sigh. He would find a blind spot in the surveillance, and then toss the meat into the gourd. It would really be too stupid to just carry it like this.

Just as he was busy, the people at the rear also confirmed the level of this Gray Rock Beast, and his points immediately changed.

Outside the hunting ground, in the plaza.

"Yi!"

"Ah!"

"What's going on?"

"Why has someone suddenly charged to the second place?"

Everyone was stunned as they looked at the name that had just appeared on the leaderboard.

Half a day had already passed, and it was not like when the competition had just begun, when killing one more or one less Meridian Opening Tier demonic beast could cause a great change in the leaderboard.𝓁𝓀.𝒸𝑜𝓂

Now, everyone's results had stabilized, and their rankings could only be surpassed one after another. How could there be a big jump?

"Ling Han?"

"Who is Ling Han?"

"Qin Thirteen, you've been away from the academy for too long.
﻿
Don't you know that a second Hong Tianbu has appeared now?" "Who, just this person? You've got to be kidding, right? A monster like Hong Tianbu would only appear once every 100 or 1000 years, so how could there possibly be a second Hong Tianbu?"

"Just look at his battle merits first."

Everyone on the leaderboard, aside from their name and marks, also had their respective battle merits. Every Demonic Beast they killed would be recorded in detail, such as what level this Demonic Beast was at and how many marks they could obtain from it.

Unlike the others, who had several kills, especially Hong Tianliang, who was ranked first, and had already killed more than twenty Demonic Beasts. In the record for Ling Han's battle merits, there was only one.

"Adult Gray Rock Beast, First Extreme, credits of three hundred."bender