Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00


3318 Defeat

Chen Jingye and the others all knew that Ling Han possessed an "Extreme Bone Tier" Spirit Tool. They didn't dare to be careless, and they all retrieved their own Spirit Tool.

"We know that you have a powerful Spirit Tool."𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

"However, the more powerful the Tool, the more energy it expends."

"You used this to kill a Demonic Beast of Extreme Bone Tier. Now, even if you can still activate the Spirit Tool, how long can it last?" "If you don't want to suffer too much, kneel down and beg for mercy!"

The four Imperial Princes spoke one after another, all of them looking down on Ling Han from their lofty positions.

Ling Han chuckled and said, "Thank you for your efforts of talking. Would you like a cup of tea?"

"Impudence!"

"You're too stubborn!"

"Attack!"

The four Imperial Princes were all enraged, and they all moved.

Instantly, four bursts of power blasted over, causing dust to fly into the air.

The Holy Emperor was the number one elite in the world. Though his excellent bloodline had been inherited by the earliest-born Imperial Princes, these four people were all Chen Fengyan's descendants, after all. All of them were at the peak stage of Fifth Change.

The shockwaves of power blasted out in unison, their might terrifying.

Ling Han humphed, and directly replied with a punch of his own.

Peng, peng, peng! Power surged madly, and the five of them began a fierce battle.

"Hiss, this brat's battle prowess is really fierce."

"Everyone says that he's the second Hong Tianbu. Looks like he does indeed have some skill!"

"99th, boil your blood and Qi!"

"Good!"

Chen Lixing's blood and Qi immediately boiled, madly increasing his battle prowess. Then, he kicked out at Ling Han, and the reverberating wind tore through the air, turning into a wave as powerful as a saber.

With his burst of power, Ling Han's pressure immediately increased greatly. After all, he was only at peak stage First Change.

Should he use an ultimate move?

Ling Han smiled faintly as he activated the Shuttle Steps. He immediately sped up to two times the speed of sound.

A Blood Transformation Tier elite possessing two times the speed of sound, what kind of concept was that?

This meant that no Blood Transformation Tier elite could hit him, unless they could also possess this kind of speed.

Peng, peng, peng, peng! All four attacks missed their target.

"What?!" Chen Jingye and the others were all astounded. They hadn't expected Ling Han to possess such speed.

With this alone, Ling Han was already invincible among those at the Blood Transformation Tier.

Although Chen Lixing's blood and Qi were boiling, his power skyrocketed, and his speed also increased by leaps and bounds, it was still far from reaching twice the speed of sound. This should be the limit that Blood Transformation Tier cultivators couldn't surpass.

However, when Ling Han had been in the Meridian Opening Tier, he had also opened up all the tiny meridians in his body, causing all the meridians to connect, giving him a greater burst of power. In Blood Transformation Tier, he could still unleash astonishing might.

No matter how the four great Imperial Princes surrounded and intercepted him, they could not even touch a corner of Ling Han's robes.

"Use your Spirit Tool!" Chen Jingye gritted his teeth, and took out a piece of paper. It was only the size of a fist, and it was filled with an ancient aura. In fact, there was even a chipped corner.

He suddenly threw the piece of paper out, and it instantly enlarged, turning into a massive stone lion. There were patterns of light flickering all over its body, and it pressed down on Ling Han.

Ling Han immediately dodged, yet discovered that this stone lion had actually locked onto him, and was still pressing down on him. A terrifying pressure assaulted him, causing Ling Han's entire body to become incredibly heavy. To say nothing of maintaining two times the speed of sound, even moving a single step was difficult.

Ling Han let out a soft exclamation, and the broken sword in his hand slashed out. Xiu, the sword light slashed onto the stone lion, and instantly, a few patterns of light dimmed, causing his body to lighten. Xiu, he darted out of the range of the stone lion's suppression.

Peng, the stone lion landed, and even the ground trembled. This rock was extremely heavy.

Chen Jingye hurriedly waved his hand, and the stone lion immediately shrunk in size, turning into a streak of light that flew back into his hand. He examined it carefully, and only when he discovered that there was no damage to the stone lion did he he heave a sigh of relief.bender

He humphed, and threw the stone lion out again.

"Eighty Ninth Brother, let me help you!" Chen Deyang also drew out his Spirit Tool. This Spirit Tool of his looked much more ordinary. It was a long sword, and once it was activated, the blade of the sword shone, like a sword of light.

He struck with his sword. Shua, a thick and long flash of Sword Qi immediately slashed towards Ling Han, reaching four times the speed of sound.

This was too fast. Even Extreme Bone Tier elites wouldn't be able to dodge at such a close distance.

Ling Han still slashed out with his sword to parry. The Sword Qi shot out by the broken sword was only about a foot long, but its quality was extremely high. With a pa, this Sword Qi that was attacking him was immediately shattered.

The four Imperial Princes all looked stunned. The broken sword in Ling Han's hand was definitely a transcendent Tool. Otherwise, even the blade of the sword had been broken, so how could it possibly unleash such terrifying might?

"Take him down!" The four of them all looked greedy. Even if they were Imperial Princes, they only possessed a single Spirit Tool.

Chen Shengjie and Chen Lixing also retrieved their Spirit Tool. One was a spear, while the other was a saber. They could both unleash energy at four times the speed of sound, and possessed terrifying might.

Ling Han greeted the attack with the broken sword, dispersing all the attacks that came towards him. He was fighting one against four, yet was not at a disadvantage at all.

The four Imperial Princes were unable to accept this. The attacks they delivered were all First Extreme-level, yet they were actually unable to suppress a Blood Transformation Tier?

Yet Ling Han knew very well that the attack launched by the Spirit Tool was equivalent to the cultivation level of the cultivator. It was only might, and not actual power.

This sounded a little confusing, but it was very easy to explain.

The attack unleashed by the Spirit Tool was more like the flying sword that Ling Han had activated with his spiritual power. In terms of power, it was really very small, but could its might be underestimated?

Thus, as long as Ling Han was sharp-sighted and quick enough, and struch at a high enough frequency, he naturally could fight all four of them alone.

However, passive defense has never been Ling Han's personality. He unhesitatingly boiled his blood and Qi, and the total value of his power instantly exploded to 4 million kilograms. Even his speed had increased, reaching about three times the speed of sound.

Under this kind of high speed, even Ling Han's physique was vaguely unable to bear it. He felt an agonizing pain as if he was being torn into pieces.

With a big stride, he had already rushed in front of Chen Deyang, and shot out a punch.

What did the speed of lightning mean?

This was it.

Facing a punch that was charging at three times the speed of sound, even an Extreme Bone Tier would have to treat it with full concentration. If it was a Blood Transformation Tier, how could they block this punch when they could only watch as this blow flew towards them?

Peng! Chen Deyang was instantly sent flying. Under the tremendous shockwave, he directly passed out.

Ling Han turned around and charged at Chen Lixing again.

Peng! His battle prowess was far above that of a Blood

Transformation Tier cultivator. With a single strike, Chen Lixing was also sent flying and knocked unconscious.

The remaining Chen Jingye and Chen Shengjie hurriedly boiled their blood and Qi as well. Otherwise, Chen Lixing and Chen Deyang would be an example set for their future.

After their blood and Qi boiled, they were slightly superior to Ling Han in terms of power, and Ling Han's battle techniques overwhelmed them. In a situation when the Spirit Tool could not unleash its might, how could they possibly be a match for Ling Han?

In just a few minutes, they were all defeated by Ling Han. They couldn't withstand Ling Han's burst of power at all.

Ling Han thought for a moment, then suppressed the urge to rob these four people.

No matter how unworthy they were, these four people were all Chen Fengyan's sons. Taking their belongings was equivalent to robbing the Imperial Family. This was a serious crime.𝘧𝘳𝘦𝘦𝘸𝘯.𝘤𝘰𝘮

But he definitely could not let them off just like that.

Ling Han first gave the four of them a good beating, then drew some blood on his fingers, and began to draw on their faces.
 