Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3319  Next Victory

After painting the faces of the four Imperial Princes as big garish cats, Ling Han smiled in satisfaction, and strode off.

After learning this lesson, he was sure that these four people would never be able to raise their heads in front of him again.

Ling Han strolled through the mountains, looking for a second Extreme Bone Tier Demonic Beast. However, though this was a hunting ground, Demonic Beasts weren't everywhere.

This was understandable.

The third area was the territory of Extreme Bone Tier Demonic Beasts. Theoretically speaking, if this was located in Huju City, it was completely capable of making up the strongest force. Even in the Imperial City, Extreme Bone Tiers could still be called elites.

This was the same for Demonic Beasts. Every Extreme Bone Tier Demonic Beast occupied an extremely large territory, and in this territory, there was only one Extreme Bone Tier Demonic Beast.

Thus, Ling Han needed to head to another mountain. He definitely wouldn't be able to find another Extreme Bone Tier beast here.

On the way, he discovered that Hong Tianliang had once again surpassed him in credits. In fact, the third place was also rapidly catching up to him. Going by this trend, the person in third place would probably be able to surpass him in one or two hours.

Ling Han, however, was unconcerned. In three days' time, he only had to kill three or four Extreme Bone Tier Demonic Beasts, and he would definitely be able to charge into first place.

At midnight, he finally entered the territory of another Extreme Bone Tier Demonic Beast. Occasionally, he would hear the roars of a bear, startling the birds into flying off in flocks.

He followed the sound, and after searching for over twenty minutes, he finally found that Demonic Beast.

This was a black bear, but its size wasn't very large. It was only one size larger than a normal black bear, but this was definitely an Extreme Bone Tier being. The aura it exuded was too terrifying.

After all, in a head-on clash, he could only just barely match a First Extreme Demonic Beast. Otherwise, he would be crushed to death before he could even use his trump card.

Ling Han did not make a move at the first instant. He could only confirm that this was an existence of Extreme Bone Tier. As for whether it was First Extreme, Second Extreme, or Third Extreme or something stronger, he was not sure.

After all, in a head-on clash, he could only just barely match a First Extreme Demonic Beast. Otherwise, he would be crushed to death before he could even use his trump card.

This black bear was also a lazy guy. It was lying on the ground and snoring loudly. It was a tyrant of the mountains; who would dare trifle with it?

This was his chance.

Ling Han casually waved his hand, tossing several small swords onto the ground. Each sword was separated by a certain distance. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

He still had one in his hand, and he suddenly threw it at the black bear. With the boost of his spiritual power, it instantly reached four times the speed of sound, shooting towards the black bear.

The target was the black bear's right eye.

Xiu, how fast was four times the speed of sound? Ling Han had just moved his hand, and the small sword had more or less arrived in front of the black bear.

It looked like the flying sword was about to pierce through the eye, and it was extremely likely that it would take the life of an Extreme Bone Tier Demonic Beast with a single strike. However, the might of the black bear could be seen at this moment, and as if it had sensed danger, its right paw had already covered its face.

Pu, the flying sword shot onto the bear paw, spurting out a few drops of blood, and sank deeply into the bear paw.

With the sharpness of this sword, as long as it did not encounter bone, it could pierce through even an elite of Extreme Bone Tier.

Unfortunately, the toughness of the bone of an Extreme Bone Tier elite had possibly surpassed most metals. The flying sword was stuck in the bear paw, unable to pierce through it.

"Ang!" The black bear released a furious roar, and lowered its right paw. Its eyes focused on Ling Han, its killing intent blazing.

It didn't even pull out sword, and simply flipped its limbs, charging towards Ling Han. With the explosive power of two times the speed of sound, its speed was astonishingly fast.

It had practically rushed in front of Ling Han in an instant, and delivered a bear paw strike right at him.

Peng!

Ling Han took it head-on, but he was immediately sent flying. In this first clash, he had not yet figured out the frequency of the black bear's attack, so he naturally could not use Frequency Attack.

He spat out a mouthful of blood. Hiss, this guy was at least a Second Extreme.

The black bear had gained the upper hand with a single strike, so it naturally took advantage of the victory to pursue fearlessly. It wanted to kill this puny human.

Xiu, a small sword floated up, and instantly completed the process of acceleration, stabbing rapidly at the black bear's left ear. Practically an instant later, another small sword floated up from the ground. Xiu, it shot towards the black bear's right eye.

After shooting out two flying swords in quick succession, there was not the slightest bit of buffer time. Ling Han couldn't help but feel a sharp pain in his mind. This burden was too heavy.

The black bear showed its powerful side. With a paw strike, a strong gust of wind swept out, and the first flying sword was instantly sent flying. Furthermore, it lowered its head slightly, and dodged the second flying sword as well.

However, it was not so easy this time. The corner of its eye was still scraped, and instantly, blood gushed out.

However, this provoked the black bear even more. It didn't care about its momentum and continued to charge towards Ling Han.

Ling Han activated Shuttle Steps. His speed wasn't inferior to the black bear at all, and he caught his breath slightly. Xiu, xiu! Another two flying swords shot out one after another, shooting towards the black bear.

This time, the black bear was even more disheveled. With its high speed, it was impossible for it to turn its body around rapidly, and it had not retracted the bear paw that it had delivered a strike with, so it naturally could not possibly make another sweep.

This was the benefit of spiritual attacks. There was no so-called long-term use of techniques. As long as one was strong enough, he would be able to continuously use his divine sense.

The black bear could only lower its head, and try as much as possible to avoid it hitting its vital points.

At this time, it finally realized that the situation was not good, and stopped its violent rampage, but because of inertia, it was still charging forwards.

Xiu, xiu, another two flying swords shot out.

The black bear released a furious roar, and immediately boiled its blood and Qi, forcibly increasing its power, and brandished its claws twice.

Pa, pa, the two flying swords were once again sent flying.

However, the fatal strike had only truly been launched now. The last two flying swords floated up, and shot towards the black bear.

Pu, pu!

The black bear could no longer parry. One of the two flying swords shot into its left eye, while the other pierced into its right ear. Both were aimed directly at its brain.

Even an Extreme Bone Tier Demonic Beast couldn't withstand such a blow. It immediately wailed in pain, and its body collapsed loudly.

Ling Han breathed a sigh of relief, and flopped down. He felt like his whole person was about to collapse.

Even though he had killed a Demonic Beast that was at least Second Extreme in less than ten seconds, in truth, he had already used up all his trump cards. If the last two flying swords could not succeed, then it would be his turn to flee in panic.

Most importantly, from the moment he shot out the first flying sword, and when the black bear began its pursuit, this demonic bear had fallen into Ling Han's trap. At that kind of high speed, there was absolutely no way it could stop in time.

"My spiritual power is still too weak. I've only shot out nine swords in a row, and there's even a one or two seconds gap between them, but my head feels like it's about to explode." Ling Han began to summarize this battle. Where had he been inadequate?

"Spiritual Power is really an important battle prowess that has been overlooked!" He nodded. If he had not developed the amazing use of Spiritual Power, even if his blood and Qi boiled, he would only be able to match the First Extreme, and that would only be for a short ten minutes.

"Bear paw, bear paw!" After resting for a while, he jumped up, almost drooling from the corner of his mouth.

He was now cultivating Body Art, so his requirements for food were naturally higher. It needed to contain high energy, and the bear meat of an Extreme Bone Tier was naturally the best.

 