Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00
Chapter 3320  Just joking with you

On the plaza. VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

At the same time, those who were paying attention to the leaderboard immediately discovered that the position of first place had quietly changed.

Ling Han!

His battle merits had only increased by one count, and that was killing a black bear, yet it was an existence on the second level of the Extreme Bone Tier. All of a sudden, his score had increased by 400 points, and he had rushed to the first place.

He had killed another Extreme Bone Tier being.

Hiss, this person's battle prowess was too terrifying. The day hadn't even ended, and he had already killed two Extreme Bone Tier Demonic Beasts. In the next few days, if he could still maintain this kind of efficiency, he would definitely be number one.

"What kind of super tool has this brat mastered, to actually be so powerful?"

"That shouldn't be the case. There are many more people with more impressive backgrounds than him, and in terms of the might of Spirit Tool, he can't be ranked first no matter what."

"How strange!"

"Strange!"

Everyone felt rueful. This dark horse was really unpredictable. After charging all the way to second place, and just when it looked like he was about to fall down to third place, he suddenly surpassed the rest, and charged all the way to first place.

Just look at Hong Tianliang, who was in second place, and he had a total of 200 credits less than Ling Han. The gap was already very, very wide.

And in the hunting grounds, when they saw Ling Han's points suddenly soar, a great many elites also changed their minds, focusing their attention on the third area.

If they continued to roam around in the second area, the gap would only become larger and larger.

Peng!

Hong Tianliang also saw the change in the rankings, and he was so furious that he kicked down a towering tree. His hands were clenched into fists, and he looked extremely furious.

As he saw it, he had risen from the ashes and was already reborn. This was already not something that Ling Han could compare to. Thus, he no longer took Ling Han seriously, and thought that as long as he moved, he would be able to defeat him, and take back the Essence Nurturing Gourd.

Previously, everything was going according to plan, right until not too long ago.

Ling Han actually killed an Extreme Bone Tier beast!

This b@stard, relying on the might of his Spirit Tool, did he still have any shame?

This was too shameless. Couldn't you use your true abilities?

He strode forwards, and had already passed through that canyon, following the tracks that Ling Han had left behind.

Hmm?

His optical computer suddenly received a message with Ling Han's coordinates.

Who had sent it?

Hong Tianliang was surprised. In this place, everyone's optical computer could only log onto one platform to check the credits leaderboard. Who would be able to send him a message?

Unless… it was someone outside.

He made his judgement. Was this real or fake?

Could it be that this was meant to lead him astray?

He looked at the marks on the ground, and compared them against the coordinates, feeling that this should be true.

Perhaps, whoever had a grudge against Ling Han wanted to use him to suppress him.

Forget it. He indeed had to find Ling Han as soon as possible, and beat him silly so that in the next two days, there was no way he would be able to hunt again.

After a while, he received another message. It was still the coordinates of where Ling Han was. There was a slight change, which meant that Ling Han was also moving.

Hong Tianliang traveled at full speed, and after 20 minutes, he arrived at the latest coordinates. He carefully stuck his head out, only to see that Ling Han was sitting on a rock and barbequing meat. It was clear that he had stopped here for dinner.

The aroma of meat wafted into the air, and he couldn't help but feel himself salivate. He was hungry.

On the other side of the monitor, Gu Xiangming sneered. He had drawn out another powerful enemy for Ling Han. He wanted to see how Ling Han would defeat this opponent.

Ling Han was roasting meat. He was hungry, so he naturally had to eat.

His back was facing Hong Tianliang, but his divine sense was enough to enshroud an area of nine meters around him. In this area, he knew everything.

Hehe, he had met an old friend.

He smiled, and said, "You must be hungry after fighting for a day. Want to eat something together?"

Hong Tianliang couldn't help but be startled. Ling Han had discovered him?

He then smiled, and strode out, because he was filled with confidence in his own strength.

So what if he had been discovered? He had not planned to launch an ambush from behind in the first place, as it was beneath him to do so.

Hong Tianliang walked to Ling Han's side, and also took a large rock to sit down on as he said, "Smells good."

Of course, what was being roasted was the black bear paw, which was originally the most essence part of it, and secondly, this was Extreme Bone Tier beast meat.

Not long after, golden-yellow oil began to seep out of the bear paw. Merely looking at it was enough to make one drool.

"Come on!" Ling Han gave Hong Tianliang half of the spoils.

Hong Tianliang didn't hesitate at all. He took it and bit down. Although it was hot enough to make a normal person's mouth swell, for a Blood Transformation Tier elite, this was no big deal.

"So delicious!" he praised, "Unfortunately, there is no wine."

Ling Han smiled and said, "Aren't you afraid that I would have poisoned the meat?"

"I believe you. You don't have to be so despicable," Hong Tianliang said calmly.

Ling Han spread out his hands, and asked, "Did you see me eat it?"

This!

Hong Tianliang couldn't help but put down the bear paw, looking at Ling Han in shock. This guy couldn't have really dug a trap for him, right?

Thinking back to how Ling Han had defeated Hu Yang three times, he had won two times in a dishonorable manner.

Ling Han chuckled, and began to eat heartily. He said, "I was just joking with you."

F***!

Hong Tianliang really wanted to curse. This joke wasn't funny at all, okay?

He panted a few times. It was unknown if he was going to continue eating, or if he was going to stop eating in a fit of pique.

"Eat. You'll only have the energy to fight when you're full," Ling Han advised, continuing to eat.

That made sense.

Hong Tianliang continued to eat, thinking that Ling Han had played a trick on him. Later, he would definitely punch him a few more times, but because Ling Han had treated him to meat, he would hit him lightly.

As they ate, Ling Han took out a bottle, poured out a pill, and threw it into his mouth.

"What medicine are you taking?" Hong Tianliang asked casually.

"Oh, to stop diarrhea," Ling Han answered casually.

"Stop diarrhea?" Hong Tianliang was surprised. When a cultivator had cultivated to the Blood Transformation Tier, his level of being had already taken a huge leap. It was practically impossible for him to have a minor illness like catching a cold, so it was naturally similarly unlikely for him to have diarrhea.

Ling Han nodded, pointed at the bear paw, and said, "I've put laxatives in here, so of course I have to eat medicine to stop diarrhea."

Puff!

Hong Tianliang spluttered in shock. Have you f****** tricked me again?

He coughed repeatedly, wanting nothing more than to throw up all the food that he had swallowed. There were surveillance devices everywhere in this place, and if he leaked sh*t in public, how would he be able to face others in future?

"Er, you are really not the slightest bit humorous. I already said I was just joking with you." Ling Han sighed.

"Ling Han!" Hong Tianliang couldn't bear it any longer. He jumped up and pointed angrily at Ling Han. No, he was going to beat him up. He was going to beat him up immediately.

Ling Han waved his hand, and said, "Wait!"

"Wait for what?" Hong Tianliang asked.

"Wait for me to finish eating," Ling Han said very casually.

'F*ck you!'

Hong Tianliang roared in fury. 'You're playing with me like I'm a monkey!'

He charged out, his hands forming into claws. Xiu, xiu, xiu, he shot out a terrifying force.

Ling Han couldn't help but smile, and asked, "Yi, you've learnt a new technique?"

This claw technique was clearly not the technique that Hong Tianliang had used before. His hands had actually turned pure black, and were enshrouded in a layer of mysterious energy.