Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00


3325 Unable to withstand a single blow

There was complete silence.

Just how domineering and powerful had this Demonic Rat been before?

He destroyed an entire army by himself, and furthermore, they were the elites under General Hengtian. He had even beaten General Hengtian to the point that he fled with serious injuries. If it wasn't for the fact that he wanted to use him as bait, General Hengtian would have died long ago.

And the moment the Demonic Rat appeared, he was able to gain the upper hand with a show of strength. He flew over through the skies, and defeated Grand Tutor Hong with a single strike, his aura suppressing the whole area, causing the Council Chairman to almost fall to his knees. Wasn't this a display of invincibility?

Just when everyone was in despair, their Holy Emperor made his move.

He had dealt with it with a single punch.

Boom, an instant later, the whole area exploded with intense cheers. It was like a landslide, like a tsunami. Everyone was hysterical, disregarding everything else. They did not care even if they were screaming their lungs out.

At this moment, they only wanted to vent the excitement in their hearts.

This was their Holy Emperor, their god, an absolutely invincible king tier!

Ling Han was also dumbfounded. He had always thought that the Demonic Rat's strength was not limited to the Inscription Tier, and judging by its tone just now, it didn't even care about anbender

Enlightenment Tier. It was very likely at a cultivation level above Enlightenment Tier.

However, such a Demonic Beast with terrifying abilities was sent flying by a punch from Chen Fengyan. Just how high was the cultivation level of this Holy Emperor?

Everyone said that he was in the Enlightenment Tier, and looking at him now, hoho, who was he kidding?VịSit no(v)3lb/!n(.)c𝒐m for new 𝒏ov𝒆l𝒔

Ahead of them, dust took the form of a mushroom cloud that rose into the air. After a long time, it slowly dispersed, revealing a massive deep pit. It was as wide as 0.5 km, and in the center of the deep pit lay the Demonic Rat.

Half of its body had already been blasted into smithereens, and a large amount of blood was flowing out.The blood was crystalline, transparent and glowing.

"Zhi!" The Demonic Rat let out a pained groan, and actually got back to its feet.

Everyone was stunned. He could still get back up even with one half of his body missing?

What a monster!

The Demonic Rat's whole body was circulating with brilliance, and it could be clearly seen that there was a bronze-coloured alchemical bead glowing inside its body, circulating with slivers of mystical power. Its flesh and blood immediately grew at a visible rate, and that damaged half of its body was actually recovering.

"Your Majesty!" Yang Bai hurriedly called out.

"Your Majesty!" Grand Tutor Hong also called out.

The Demonic Rat was presently recovering, so it should be in its weakest state. It was naturally best to make a move now.

Chen Fengyan placed his hands behind his back, his expression calm. He was neither angry nor pleased. It was as if in his eyes, even this powerful Demonic Rat was only so-so. It was beneath him to launch a sneak attack at such a time.

The Demonic Rat's recovery speed was very, very fast, but that copper-coloured alchemical bead was also becoming dull, as if it had turned from a pearl into rubble.

"Damn it! Damn it!" The Demonic Rat had already recovered completely. Its two small eyes emitted a blood-red light, as it stared fixedly at Chen Fengyan, "You are definitely not in the Enlightenment Tier, definitely not!".

Chen Fengyan placed his hands behind his back, not bothering to answer.

"Damn it, you actually made me expend my inner core and self- destruct my cultivation level to heal my injuries. You deserve to die 10,000 times!" the Demonic Rat shouted again, gritting its teeth. "If it weren't for the fact that Lord Rat hasn't recovered his strength yet, I wouldn't have been forced to this extent by you!"

"Are you done yet?" Chen Fengyan finally spoke up. He took a step forward, and a devastating aura instantly surged into the surroundings. Even heaven and earth paled in comparison, and all of the trees in the surroundings started to rise. It was as if they were expressing their desire to submit to him.

"Your Majesty!" Everyone was numb with excitement. Just how many times stronger was this aura compared to the Demonic Rat?

Moreover, the Demonic Rat's aura was only powerful, but it also carried a hint of evil. Meanwhile, Chen Fengyan's aura was vast and majestic, and there was no comparison at all.

Everyone willingly knelt down, cheering loudly.

The Demonic Rat also paled in shock, and blurted out, "How is this possible! This planet has been sealed by a formation, and the power of heaven and earth is extremely weak. How can you possibly reach the Core Formation Tier, or even in fact... even stronger!"

Chen Fengyan walked forward step by step, and a hair-raising scene appeared. After taking a few steps, he actually stepped into the air. Hiss!

Beneath them, everyone was so excited that they wanted to cry. This was their Holy Emperor, an invincible, supreme god!

"You, you, you!" The Demonic Rat was also so scared that all its hair stood on end. It knew better than anyone else that though a cultivator at the Core Formation Tier could fly, he had to maintain a state of rapid movement. Otherwise, he would still be unable to escape the effects of gravity, and would fall down from the skies.

Every step he took in the air was as if gravity did not exist at all. This was definitely not just the cultivation level of the Core Formation Tier.

Heavens, how could there be such a terrifying existence outside the prison?

The Demonic Rat no longer had any thoughts of revenge. With a turn of its body, and a flip of its four legs, its figure immediately sank into the ground.

It had dug a hole and fled.

This was the specialty of rats. By nature, they knew how to dig holes, and he was a being of the Core Formation Tier. Even if his strength had dropped drastically, it was no problem for him to use this natural talent.

It was sure that if it fled through the air, it would definitely be intercepted by Chen Fengyan. However, if it fled through the ground... Heh, if it admitted that it was second, how many "people" would dare claim to be first?

Dig, dig, dig. It dug madly, and kept digging into the ground. First, it went down a few dozen km, then dug a hole horizontally, leaving this place far behind.

It swore that it would never come to this country again.

Peng!

Just as it was thinking this, it felt the ground shake, and a strange power assaulted it. Then, the ground in front of it became incredibly hard, and even its claws found it very difficult to dig through.

'What happened? What happened?'

The more it dug, the more difficult it became. Finally, it discovered that this ground was as hard as Godly metal and Divine Metal. Even its sharp claws could not dig out the slightest bit.

This... The Demonic Rat had not even finished this thought, when it felt its body tremble, and even the surrounding soil around it had been grabbed.

It was shocked to discover that its body had been trapped in thick mud and rocks, with only its head sticking out. It was now slowly floating up into the sky, floating towards Chen Fengyan.

The Demonic Rat was almost scared out of its wits. This human in front of it was really too strong, wasn't he? He had forcibly plucked it out of the ground. It should be known that it had burnt its inner core, and for a short period of time, its strength had recovered to at least half of its prime condition.

However, it didn't even have the courage to oppose him.

This gap was as wide as the gap between heaven and earth!

"I said that I want you to pay with your life," Chen Fengyan said calmly.

"Spare me, Your Majesty, spare me!" The Demonic Rat immediately gave in, having none of the backbone of an elite. "I am willing to submit to Your Majesty, and work like an ox or horse, as long as Your Majesty commands me."

Seeing this scene and hearing these words, everyone felt a strong sense of pride.

This was their Holy Emperor, invincible in this world!

So what if it was a Demonic Rat? So what if it had defeated the Four

Great Generals, Grandmaster Hong, and the others?

In front of their Holy Emperor, he was nothing but trash.

Hong Tianbu?

Hehe, he was only a junior. Amongst the juniors, he could be considered a prodigy, but compared with the Holy Emperor? Trash!

"Your Majesty, spare me! Spare me!" The Demonic Rat repeatedly begged for mercy.

Chen Fengyan smiled faintly, and said, "You killed my citizens, and you still want to live?"

Peng, his palm pressed down, and the Demonic Rat was blown into smithereens along with the entire prison forged from dirt.


 