Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3326: High-level energy

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

He killed him, without the slightest hesitation.

The strength of this Demonic Rat was completely superior to the Four Great Generals. Although it was unknown what the Core Formation Tier was, it was definitely above Enlightenment Tier.

This kind of elite was willing to join their side, yet Chen Fengyan didnt even consider it, and simply killed him.

It had to be admitted that this Holy Emperor was truly majestic.

Killing my citizens?

Who cares what strength you have, I will kill you!

This was an attitude. The Dark North Nation could not be offended, and the people of the Dark North Nation could not be touched. Otherwise, a debt of blood would have to be repaid in blood.

Quite a few people were already crying in their excitement. With such a Holy Emperor, what more could they ask for?

Your Majesty!

Holy Emperor!

Automatically, at least 90% of the people knelt down, paying their respects to this Holy Emperor.

Chen Fengyan raised his hand, signaling for everyone to stand up. He then said, Ling Han, follow me.

Ling Han nodded, and similarly praised this Holy Emperor in his heart. Previously, when he had seen the unbearable behaviour of Chen Shengjie and the others, he had also looked down slightly on Chen Fengyan, but now he understood that it was indeed true that a dragon had nine sons, and they were all different.

He leaped forward, following behind Chen Fengyan.

Chen Fengyan didnt bring him to the Imperial Palace. Instead, he led him into the mountains and arrived at a secluded location.

Those modified versions of the Mystical Power Pill, Qi Return Pill and so on were all created by you? Unexpectedly, Chen Fengyan didnt mention teaching Ling Han a martial arts technique, and instead asked about irrelevant matters.

Ling Hans heart jolted slightly, but when he recalled that Chen Fengyan was the Master of the Dark North Nation, and some things may be concealed from others, but how could they be concealed from him?

Moreover, this wasnt a bad thing.

Ling Han nodded, and said, I do indeed have some accomplishments in

alchemy.

Its not just alchemy, right? Chen Fengyan said with a smile as he pointed at

Ling Han.

Ling Han chuckled. He knew that the matter of formations couldnt be hidden from this Holy Emperor, so he simply admitted it.

Very good, very good. A smile appeared on Chen Fengyans face, and he said, If you only have the natural talent to cultivate, then you can only reap the benefits yourself. However, improving pill recipes and teaching the masses is a great merit.

Thank you, Holy Emperor. Ling Han clasped his hands in respect.

The strength of this Holy Emperor was unfathomable. In this world where strength was revered, he was indeed worthy of his respect.

Of course, respect did not mean reverence. He would definitely not fear anyone. Chen Fengyan took two steps forward, and said, At first, I had only planned to teach you one martial arts technique. However, with your great merit, if I only teach you one martial arts technique, it would seem that I am too petty.

Ling Han was extremely shameless, and he said, Then Your Majesty can bestow some Treasured Fruits on me. It would be best if they are of the life element.

Chen Fengyan glanced at him, and couldnt help but laugh in spite of himself. Youre really not reserved at all.

Your Majesty is magnanimous, and keeps the world in your mind. I am only stating my own needs truthfully, Ling Han said.

Chen Fengyan shook his head and said, Its best to cultivate on your own. Dont always think of shortcuts. Moreover, its also beneficial to experience some setbacks sometimes.

So be it if he didnt give it to him. He even had to lecture him.

Ling Han mocked internally, but of course, he wouldnt say it out loud.

Chen Fengyan pondered for a moment, before saying, Alright, let me talk to you about the path of cultivation.

Ah, youre not going to teach martial arts techniques anymore?

Ling Han faltered for a moment. However, he wasnt disappointed. After all, judging by Chen Fengyans tone, it was already petty to teach a martial arts technique to him. Thus, the path of cultivation that he spoke of was most likely much more valuable than a martial arts technique.

Please provide guidance, Your Majesty, he said respectfully. Chen Fengyan paced around with his hands clasped behind his back, and said, Lets talk about martial arts techniques first.

He casually grabbed out, and a fiery flame instantly rose from his hand. Pressing down again, the fiery flame disappeared, and what replaced it was ice. With another flip, his whole hand had turned into metal.

Ling Han was astonished. During this process, he hadnt discovered that Chen Fengyan had used any martial arts techniques. In other words, Chen Fengyan had only used a single martial arts technique. So, why had he drawn flames, ice, and even turned his hand into metal?

You want to know why? Chen Fengyan asked with a smile.

Ling Han nodded, and replied, Yes!

Chen Fengyan gazed at the sky, and said slowly, In this world, aside from mystical power, there are other powers. These powers are of a higher level, and you cant obtain them through cultivation. For example, these flames, ice, and so on.

Then how do I use it? Ling Han asked. He had seen Hong Tianliang use some kind of mysterious black energy.

In terms of power alone, this kind of energy was not very strong, but in terms of destructive power, this energy was terrifying.

Similarly, there was also the Spirit Tool, and none of them won with brute force. It was just that the energy they shot out had extremely terrifying destructive power, which could achieve the effect of tearing through defense. Spiritual Power, Chen Fengyan said. Only Spiritual Power can stimulate this kind of high-level energy.

Ling Han gave an ah. As it turned out, this energy was stimulated by Spiritual Power?

Then, Spirit Tool?

Could the formation patterns on the Spirit Tool have a similar effect? That s right. Formations required spiritual power, and the formation patterns on the Spirit Tool were in line with actual formation patterns.F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

The fact that you can concoct alchemical pills and set up formations means that youve already cultivated your Spiritual Power, and possess the foundations to use this energy, Chen Fengyan continued. However, if you want to use this energy, you need to grasp the corresponding diagram. The fire energy corresponds to the Fire Spirit Diagram, and the ice energy corresponds to the Ice Spirit Diagram. As far as I have grasped, there are a total of thirty-six types of Spirit Diagrams. However, the number of higher level energy should be far more than that.

You have improved the pill recipes, and have achieved universal merit, so I will specially teach you two Spirit Diagrams. Which two have you decided on? He briefly explained this to Ling Han. Among the high-level energies, there was energy similar to the Five Elements, Lightning-aligned energy, and pure destructive energy. The amount of these energies had surpassed the power system of the Genesis World.

Ling Han naturally wanted to grasp all the different energies, but he also knew that this was unrealistic. After some consideration, he said, I want to learn the Spirit Diagram of Metal and the Spirit Diagram of Stone. Chen Fengyan showed an expression of approval, and said, The energy of metal is indestructible, and the energy of stone is more inclined towards defense. One is offensive, and the other is defensive. You have made the right choice.

Letting Ling Han choose the Spirit Diagram was actually also a kind of test. Chen Fengyan shook his right hand, and two jade plates appeared in his hand. He didnt see where he had taken them out from.

Probably a Spatial Spirit Tool.

En, he was the noble Holy Emperor, so it was absolutely normal for him to possess a Spatial Spirit Tool.

Place the jade plate on your forehead and activate it with your Spiritual Power, Chen Fengyan said as he handed the jade plate over.

Er, he had initially thought that the jade disc was going to be given to him, but looking at Chen Fengyans expression, it was obvious that he was going to take it back.

Right then.

Ling Han pressed the jade disc against his forehead. With a touch of his Spiritual Power, innumerable seals instantly appeared in his mind. He clearly didnt recognize any of them, yet he seemed to be able to understand them.bender

This was a kind of communication technique, and the object of communication was precisely high-level energy, but this kind of energy could not be touched by the physical body. One had to use Spiritual Power to communicate.

Countless comprehensions instantly arose in Ling Han s mind..