Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3327: Spirit Diagram

Translator: Henyee Translations 1 Editor: Henyee Translations

Ling Han greedily absorbed this knowledge, turning it into his own.

Oh, so thats how it is. Oh, so thats how it is. His eyes were closed, but his brows were continuously twitching.

After a few hours, he suddenly opened his eyes.

How much have you comprehended? Chen Fengyan asked.

Ling Han was slightly touched. This was the Holy Emperor, and his abilities were world-shakingly powerful, yet now, he was willing to wait here for the sake of giving him pointers. How many people would possess such grace? There should be some progress. He nodded, stretched out his hand, and visualized the Spirit Diagram of Metal in his mind. His Spiritual Power channelled rapidly, spreading out in the surrounding area.

Instantly, he discovered that there were countless starlight particles all around him. They were all exuding a golden luster, but the golden light emitted by some particles was incredibly bright, while others were very dim.

These corresponded to the energy of metal. The brighter energy was stronger, and the dimmer energy was weaker. Furthermore, these particles were not stationary, but were moving at a high speed.bender

Retrieve!

In his mind, Spiritual Power formed into the form of the Spirit Diagram. Instantly, those particles flew over like moths flying into a flame.

Ling Han stretched out his right hand, and these particles wrapped around his hand. After spending about a minute, the number of these particles had reached a sufficient extent. There was no need for him to use his Spiritual Power and he could already see them with the naked eye. They had formed a golden brilliance.

Use Spiritual Power as the core to materialize the energy, Chen Fengyan said. Ling Han did as he was told. That layer of golden light immediately solidified, as if he was wearing a pair of gloves on his fists. However, these gloves looked a little awkward. Part of it was especially bright, while some parts were slightly dimmer.

Ling Han knew that this was a pile of particles that he had extracted. Thus, in some places where the energy was denser, it would be brighter, and in some places, the energy would be scarce, and it would be much dimmer.

The result of this was that it would decrease the destructive power of the energy.

Sigh, he sighed. What a failure.

Chen Fengyan, however, looked surprised. This is your first time communicating with Spiritual Power, and youre actually able to do this? In his eyes, it was already very impressive that Ling Han could sense the energy of the particles in such a short amount of time. However, Ling Han had still managed to condense them into something solid.

He had succeeded in the first attempt. Though the energy was still very mixed up, and he had taken a little too long, based on the fact that this was only his first attempt, this had even surpassed the level of perfection.

Ling Han was also taken aback. His performance was actually good? Tve already seen you in a new light. Looks like youre not only astonishingly talented in alchemy, but also more talented in martial arts, Chen Fengyan said.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Dont praise people like that, they would blush, though this was the honest truth, Ling Han thought shamelessly.

You can slowly cultivate this. If you really want to battle, you cant spend a minute or even longer to condense the high-level energy, Chen Fengyan said. Ling Han nodded in understanding. Unless he extracted the high-level energy right from the start, it would be extremely dangerous to spend a long time channeling it during battle. Not only would he fail to win, but he might even endanger himself.

The heaven and earth powers have just awakened, so theres still relatively little energy. Even cultivating Spiritual Power is relatively difficult, but you definitely cant underestimate it. The effects of Spiritual Power far exceed your imagination, Chen Fengyan said with a serious expression.

Ling Han was naturally aware of this. Right now, his greatest trump card was the flying sword attack that was driven by his Spiritual Power.

En. Ling Han nodded.

Additionally, Spirit Diagrams are the same as cultivation techniques and martial arts techniques. There are alsp differences in quality. The Spirit Diagrams that Ive mastered cant be considered high-level, so if you have the chance to obtain high-level Spirit Diagrams in the future, dont miss it, Chen Fengyan said.

Ling Han nodded again. Just now, when he was visualizing the Spirit Diagram, he had been thinking that if the Spirit Diagram could be more complicated, then wouldnt he be able to extract even more high-level energy that time?

Lets set this aside first, Chen Fengyan continued. You just need to practice hard. There are many secrets regarding high-level energy, and its enough for you to study for a long time.

He paused for a moment, then continued, Now, I will talk to you about cultivation.

Theres a limit to every cultivation level. For example, Meridian Opening Tier martial artists can cultivate to 20 Meridians.

Ling Han nodded. This limit did not seem to be too difficult to reach. At least, it was possible that one tenth of the people in the Imperial Capital Academy had attained this kind of accomplishment.

Chen Fengyan looked at him, and said with a smile, You didnt just open 20 meridians, right? The small meridians in your body should have been opened as well. Otherwise, you wouldnt have such astonishing power now. As expected of the Holy Emperor, such insight!

Ling Han nodded, and said, Your Majesty is indeed wise. He flattered him in passing.

Chen Fengyan naturally wouldnt pay any heed to this, and he continued, In the case of Blood Transformation Tier, the end is after the Fifth Change, but what about the limit? Sixth Change! After the Sixth Change, one will return to the basics, and the blood will return to normal.

Ling Han pondered for a moment, before asking, Is there any Seventh Change?

Twenty meridians was already the limit, but being able to open up the small meridians, he had pushed the limit to another level.

Did Blood Transformation Tier have something similar?

Chen Fengyan couldnt help but laugh in spite of himself, saying, Do you think that because there are many people who have reached the pinnacle of the Meridian Opening Tier, it is the same for Blood Transformation Tier? He shook his head, and said, The higher the cultivation level, the harder it is to break through to the pinnacle. I can say with absolute certainty that out of those who have reached the 20th meridian of the Meridian Opening Tier, less than one hundredth of them would have managed to reach Sixth Change. It should be known that there were actually not many that could cultivate up to twenty Meridians in Meridian Opening Tier. And there was only one percent that could cultivate up to Sixth Change, which showed how difficult it was to attain Sixth Change.

Extreme Bone Tier is above Blood Transformation Tier, and they shatter their own bones over and over again before reforming them. After five times, thats the end, Chen Fengyan continued. However, some people can shatter six times, or even seven times in fact. The more times theyre reforged and tempered, the tougher their bones will be.

However, this does not seem to have much of an advantage in Extreme Bone Tier, but as your cultivation level increases, you will discover that the toughness of Godly bones has great significance.

Above the Extreme Bone Tier is the Inscription Tier, which is to carve patterns on the organs inside the body to strengthen them.

The heart, liver, spleen, lungs, and kidneys are called the Five Palaces. This is also the limit of the Inscription Tier, but there are more than five organs in your body. Tell me yourself, what kind of limit can you reach?

Ling Han gritted his teeth. It was very difficult to cultivate to a high cultivation level, and it was even more difficult to cultivate each cultivation level to the limit.

Dont rush to break through. You must cultivate to a point where you can no longer advance, and then make another attempt, Chen Fengyan said solemnly. Understood, Ling Han said respectfully. He naturally could distinguish whether others were sincerely persuading him or not.

Chen Fengyan seemed to have high hopes for him. Otherwise, he wouldnt have given him such a detailed explanation. With him being the Holy Emperor, this was an extremely high recognition..