Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3328: Notification

Translator: Henyee Translations | Editor: Henyee Translations

Dont look at how calm it is now, but in the future, there will be many, many existences like the Demonic Rat, and there will not be a small number whose abilities would surpass mine. Chen Fengyan said ruefully, I am only one person, and would be very busy, so I need you, as well as people like you, to quickly mature and help me share my burdens and save the lives of the people. Ling Han nodded, and said seriously, I will definitely not disappoint Your Majestys expectations.

He would also not tolerate beings like the Demonic Rat, who treated humans like rations.

Chen Fengyan smiled and said, Go on, cultivate well. Dont worry about anything else. If you encounter any difficulties, Ill naturally stand up for you! This was equivalent to giving Ling Han an imperial sword.

Thank you, Your Majesty. Ling Han bowed respectfully. Though this was what Chen Fengyan had said, it was definitely impossible that he would seek out this Holy Emperor for some trivial matter. How could he have so much free time?

Thus, unless he really encountered great trouble.

Keep up the good work, Chen Fengyan said as he patted Ling Hans shoulder. He then leaped up and soared into the sky.

Ling Han couldnt help but feel curious. What cultivation level did this Holy Emperor possess?

Er, compared to Brother Monkey, which of them was stronger?

Brother Monkey shouldnt be weak, Ling Han murmured as he walked back. Although Chen Fengyan hadnt taught him any martial arts techniques, he had opened a completely new door to him. This was even more useful than teaching him eight to ten top-notch martial arts techniques.

After returning to the Imperial Capital Academy, he temporarily set aside his formations and alchemy and focused on cultivating his Spirit Diagram.

To extract high-level energy, one would have to visualize the Spirit Diagram and construct it with Spiritual Power.

This was a very complicated process.

Visualizing the Spirit Diagram was a test of comprehension. This was because the Spirit Diagram was extremely complex. If there was the slightest mistake, one would not be able to visualize it, so there was no need to talk about the next step.

If Spiritual Power wasnt strong enough, then there was no way to successfully visualize it. This first step would exclude at least 90% of the current cultivators. Instead, as long as those alchemists and formation masters were willing to spend some time, they would definitely be able to visualize it successfully.

After successful visualization, it would have to depend on the strength of Spiritual Power. The stronger the Spiritual Power, the more energy particles it could absorb.

What Ling Han had to do was to speed up the speed of his visualization of the Spirit Diagram. To integrate it into actual battle, this process had to be completed within a few seconds or even a second.

His improvement was great. Only a day later, he had compressed the time for visualization to half a minute, but his subsequent improvement was slower. Three days later, he had compressed it to twenty seconds, and another two days to thirteen seconds.

After spending 13 days, Ling Han finally suppressed the time to 2.7 seconds. However, it would be difficult to improve further, and he had encountered a bottleneck.

Perhaps he would have to wait until his spiritual power improved further to be able to further shrink the time limit.

After witnessing the battle between Chen Fengyan and the Demonic Rat, Ling Hans horizons instantly widened countless times over. Even the Four Great Generals, Grand Tutor Hong, and the others were no longer people he wanted to surpass.

Apart from Chen Fengyan, the others were most likely only at the Elementary Level of cultivation. The only difference was that they had only walked a few more steps.

Now that the heaven and earth environment was recovering, it was a good opportunity to overtake them.

Ill take care of myself first.

After these few days of training, Ling Hans improvement was obvious.

The Metal Energy that he had condensed now was not as mixed as before. Instead, it was a whole. He rubbed his fist lightly on the rock, and there was no need for any power. Wherever the golden light touched, the rock would turn into dust.

Its destructive power was very strong.

He channeled this power into the power of his fist, and as he shot out a punch, the power of Metal was also infused within, instantly destroying most of the surrounding small forest.

However, attacking like this would consume a lot of energy. It was only a dozen over punches, and the energy of metal was completely exhausted. It needed to reform, and this not only needed more than two seconds, but Spiritual Power would also be greatly expended.

En, this had to be used sparingly.

Ling Han had obtained a total of two Spirit Diagrams. The other could extract the energy of Stone, and he could use it for defense.

He manifested this layer of energy on his arm, turning it into something like a gray rock. He then had Huan Xue attack him with her sharp sword, but she was unable to pierce it at all.

However, though this defense was powerful, it was also very exhausting on the gray energy. It could not be maintained for too long.

This was actually fair. What power could be continuously expended without being exhausted?

One attacked, while the other defended. For the moment, this was already enough.

Ling Han smiled in satisfaction. What he needed now was to increase his spiritual power. This would determine the speed and strength of the special energy he extracted, as well as the might of the flying sword.

However, without treasures like the Amazing Cloud Fruit, the improvement of Spiritual Power was extremely slow. Only when the cultivation level increased, and the level of being soared, would the spiritual power also increase greatly.

Ling Han once again focused his energy on cultivating. After opening the upper limit of his cultivation level, he would be able to rapidly increase his abilities.

Young Master, Young Master! Huan Xue ran over. Someone delivered a letter.

Read it to me. Ling Han was currently studying the circular plate. If he could truly resolve this formation, then he would have another trump card.

To Ling Han, you are to join the Hong Clan Gang before the sun sets tomorrow, and hand over the gourd, Huan Xue recited.

Ling Han didnt even raise his head, and asked, Thats all?

No more. Huan Xue looked at the letter again and shook her head.

Ignore him, Ling Han said. He didnt even leave his name, and he wanted to scare him? Of course, even if he left his name, Ling Han wouldnt take it to heart.

Oh. Huan Xue nodded, and as expected, she threw the letter into the trash can.

This day passed.

Huan Xue was still a little worried. She counted the time. It was morning, noon, and afternoon. Finally, the sun gradually set, and she could no longer see it at all.

Phew, thankfully, nothing happened.

Who was playing a prank?

She was just about to close the door, when she saw a figure appear at the end of the street, and was slowly walking towards her.

Although she wasnt sure at all, Huan Xue had a feeling that this person was targeting Young Master.

She instantly felt as if she was facing a great enemy. One of her arms was still wrapped around the fat pig, while her other hand was holding onto her sword. For better or worse, she was now a Blood Transformation Tier cultivator, so she could share Young Masters burden.

This was a black-robed young man who looked to be in his mid-twenties, at most. He had a sword at his waist, and there was a jade hair tie on his head. His long hair was tied back, and with the gentle breeze, the hem of his clothes also fluttered lightly, and he appeared to be incredibly carefree.

His face was like jade, incredibly handsome. On the way, who knew how many women were captivated by his beauty.𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com

Yet it was as if Huan Xue was looking at her enemy; she felt extremely nervous.bender

Its Fang Ziping, Senior Brother Fang!

He left the academy a long time ago, so why is he back today?

I heard that he has been training everywhere with that person, and by now, he probably has the cultivation level of Third Extreme.

Third Extreme? Following that freakish monster, how could he only have the cultivation level of Third Extreme?

But isnt that person also a Third Extreme?

Just how many years ago was that? I guess that freak might have already advanced into Inscription Tier.

Everyone was whispering among themselves. This black-robed man, Fang Ziping, was clearly very famous.