Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00


3333 Dealing with them one by one

Old Man Cheng revealed a tragic expression. He had not thought that he, an elite of Extreme Bone Tier, would actually be played around in Ling Han's hands.

"In your dreams! I definitely won't betray my lord!" he said. "Moreover, you won't live for long either. My lord definitely won't spare you!"

"Hehe." Ling Han chuckled, and suddenly said, "Say, if I suddenly changed my mind and was willing to side with your Master, would your Master kill me to avenge you?"

Old Man Cheng couldn't help but feel stifled. How could he not know his Master's personality? He was a peerless ruthless character. so what was the life of a subordinate worth? For the sake of his great undertaking, everything could be sacrificed.

Thus, it was really possible that he would have died for nothing.

"Don't think you can sway my will!" the old geezer said. However, even his voice was trembling. It wasn't that he was afraid, but rather that the coldness was invading his body, causing him to involuntarily shiver.

"Then you can go on your way," Ling Han said calmly. "Don't worry. Not too long after, I'll send your master to hell as well, so that you can reunite!"

This force was deranged, and had launched a beast tide to massacre a city. Ling Han didn't mind finding the culprit and bringing him to justice.

"Hahahaha, you have no idea how powerful our lord is. You are merely seeking your own demise!" Old Man Cheng said. However, the coldness had already invaded his heart, lungs, and brain. His voice was extremely low and unclear.

"Go to hel;." Ling Han humphed.

At first, he had wanted to feign civility with the old geezer for a while longer, but this time, Old Man Cheng wanted to take him away, lock him up and make him a full-time alchemist, and Ling Han couldn't tolerate that.

Cultivating in seclusion wasn't the same as disregarding the outside world. Although Ling Han still had some Vermillion Fruits in his possession, there were only enough to send him into the Third Change. What about Fourth Change, and Fifth Change? Where would he get the Treasured Fruits of Life from?

Was he hoping that his "lord" would bestow it on him?

Ling Han dug a hole and buried Old Man Cheng. Of course, he searched Old Man Cheng's body first, but he didn't find any useful clues. He couldn't figure out the old man's identity.

After some thought, Ling Han still took a photo of the old geezer, planning to ask about him on the online platform.

He put away the disc and the flying sword, and returned to his quarters.

After making this decision and killing Old Man Cheng, Ling Han felt his whole body relax.

Previously, he had always felt that there was something suppressing him. Now, realization dawned on him. What was being suppressed was his longing for freedom.

Even if it was only feigning civility, it had still unknowingly affected him. Now, Ling Han felt completely relaxed, and when he thought about problems, he felt his thought processes had become smoother.F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

"This is the real me," he murmured.

He uploaded Old Man Cheng's photo onto the web, offering rewards for any information. Of course, he used false personal information, and at the same time, he went to communicate with the seller of the White Scorching Stone.

The two of them quickly reached an agreement on the price. Not long after ending their conversation, Ling Han received another message. As it turned out, there was an answer to his query about Old Man Cheng.

Someone replied that Old Man Cheng's name was Cheng Hu, and he was around 90 years old. He had a violent and bloodthirsty personality, and he had suddenly disappeared more than 30 years ago. At first, they had thought that he had been annihilated by the Majestic Empire's army, but there would be occasional news of this person's appearance. However, because there was no solid evidence, they thought that it was just a rumor.

Ling Han agreed with this answer. He paid the information fee.

Unfortunately, though he had confirmed Old Man Cheng's identity, he still didn't know who he was working for.

One day, he would find out, because after Cheng Hu died, the force behind him would definitely not give up just like that, and would mobilize others to deal with him.

"Cheng Hu is a Fifth Extreme, so if anyone else comes, they'll definitely be a stronger Fifth Extreme, or even Inscription Tier."

"However, Inscription Tier shouldn't be possible. There are only so many in this world, unless the heaven and earth's environment suddenly changes, causing the level of being to soar even more fiercely."

"Aside from Fang Ziping, and an unknown Fifth Extreme, I still have to face Hong Tianbu and that powerful force. Hehe, I don't think I've done anything to anger the gods or anger the people. Why have I made so many enemies?"

And this was still the biggest threat. Additionally, there were those such as Feng Ruoxian, Hu Yang and so on that had not been taken into account. Otherwise, there would be even more.

Another few days passed, and Ling Han had already gathered seven ingredients. He was only a sliver away from concocting the antidote for the Soul Departing Pill.

This eighth ingredient was called Bei Lan Poisonous Sprout. Ling Han had already hung out his request for information for a good many days. Three days later, someone contacted him, and said that though he did not have this kind of ingredient, he knew where it was growing, but this clue naturally had to be sold for money.

Ling Han paid 10,000 Dark North Coins for the location of where the Bei Lan Poisonous Sprout was growing.

This was in a forest of the Dome Mountains, but it was not easy to enter. It was covered with poisonous miasma, so there was no need to insist on going. No one would enter into that damn place.

This concerned his own life, so Ling Han naturally decided to go. However, after some thought, he decided to settle another matter while he was at it.

On the second day, he went to the Formations Association for certification as a High Level Formation Master.

After unravelling the mystery of the circular plate, Ling Han's strength in formations also improved by leaps and bounds, enough to advance into the ranks of High Level Formation Masters.

This naturally made Chen Hao extremely happy, and he personally came to witness this.

In the end, he naturally passed the test successfully.

Ling Han obtained the qualification to become a High Level Formation Master, and he immediately had someone call Yan Jun over.

With the command of a High Level Formation Master, did Yan Jun dare not to come?

Not long after, Yan Jun appeared in the room.

"Greetings, Grandmaster Ling," Yan Jun said forcibly. Previously, when Ling Han was still a Middle Level Formation Master, he still had a sliver of hope to surpass this opponent, but now, he had lost all hope.

The gap was too wide; there was absolutely no hope.

Ling Han didn't even raise his head, and said, "I want to go to Dome Mountains, so you can go with me."

When Yan Jun heard this, he immediately shivered, and said subconsciously, "I'm not going!"

Ling Han was reading through the secret records of formations. Chen Hao was extremely impressed with him, and practically allowed him access to all the formations available. When he heard this, he put down the secret records, and said calmly, "If I tell you to go, what right do you have to refuse?"

Yan Jun finally understood. Ling Han was going to call him to account, so how could he dare to leave the Imperial City?

In fact, he didn't even dare to leave the Formation Masters Association.

Now, he was going to go to the Dome Mountains with Ling Han. Wasn't that just courting death?

Naturally, he was determined not to comply.

"I have something on!" he declared, his head held high.

Ling Han smiled, "What could be more important than a High Level Formation Master? Don't you know the rules?" He moved directly, grabbing Yan Jun and forcibly dragging him outside.bender

How could Yan Jun be a match for him? He could only struggle and shout with all his might. He didn't believe that Ling Han could do anything to him in the Formation Masters Association.

On their way out, their loud commotion naturally attracted the attention of a great many people.

Ling Han merely smiled, and said, "I plan to bring him for a training trip, and personally guide him. I never thought that he would be so resistant."