Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3334: The beginning of Yan Juns misfortune

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

No, hes using his public office to avenge a private grudge. He wants to kill me! Yan Jun shouted loudly. Though it was a serious crime to talk back to or even slander a High Level Formation Master, but compared to his life, he couldnt care less.

Ling Han merely chuckled, and said, Youngsters really cant take hardship,

actually finding such an excuse.

Others expressed their deep agreement. Even if Ling Han looked much younger than Yan Jun, who asked him to be a High Level Formation Master? When others saw him, they would automatically imagine that he was one of those white-bearded old men.

As they saw it, was there any need for Ling Han to harm a minor formation master like this? There were plenty of ways to make your life a living hell.

Sigh, youngsters nowadays were really spoiled rotten. There was a High Level Formation Master willing to teach him one-on-one, but he was actually so stubborn.

Yan Jun screamed all the way, yet he was still dragged out of the Formation Masters Association.

Looking at the Formation Masters Association building getting farther and farther away, Yan Jun naturally lost all hope. He stopped struggling, and allowed Ling Han to drag him away.

Ling Han called for a car, stuffed Yan Jun inside, and headed out of the city. In the first place, the Formation Masters Association was located at the edge of the city. However, the Dome Mountain was located in the direction of the citys dragons head, so they could still travel by car for some distance.

However, the dragons head was where the Imperial Palace was located, so the

car naturally stopped at a far distance

Ling Han dragged Yan Jun down from the car. They circled around the Imperial

Palace, then headed north.

Night soon fell. Ling Han stopped, and began to prepare food.

Yan Jun sat quietly at the side. After a while, he opened his mouth and said, Ling Han, dont have any malicious intentions towards me, because I have already turned on the optical computer, and it is constantly recording. If you want to kill me, dont even think of escaping.

Ling Han couldnt help but smile, and said, You really know how to flatter

yourself.

In a short while, the meat had been roasted, and he began eating.

Yan Jun watched from the sidelines, and couldnt help but feel surprised.

Wheres mine?

You? Ling Han shookhis head, and said, In order to prevent you from suddenly dying and saying that I was the one who poisoned you to death, you had best bear with it.

You Yan Jun pointed angrily at Ling Han.

Ling Han frowned, and said, Dont you know the rules? A mere Elementary Level Formation Master actually dares to shout at me?

Yan Jun was instantly rendered speechless. If Ling Han had just dragged him out with his overwhelming power, then he naturally could point at Ling Hans nose and curse. The problem was, the latter was a High Level Formation Master, and was someone he had to treat with utmost respect.

The punishment is that you wont be able to eat today, Ling Han said coldly. F***, are you using your public office to avenge a private grudge!

Yan Jun was gritting his teeth in anger, but the optical computer recorded it very clearly. He had indeed shouted at Ling Han. Even if there were ten people who saw this, it was guaranteed that no one would be on his side.

Endure, endure, endure.

He thought. As long as he could ensure his life, anything was negotiable. Ling Han quickly finished the meat, then leaned against a tree root to take a nap.

Yan Jun soon became thirsty and hungry, and it was hard to resist. He continuously twisted and turned, unable to fall asleep no matter what.

Ling Han! Ling Han! Ling Han! Ling Han!

Who knew how many times he had cursed in his heart? Why had he encountered such a bringer of misfortune?

Yet he did not reflect on himself at all. At the time, it was he who had taken the initiative to provoke Ling Han, and it was also he who had gone to hire an assassin to commit murder. Now, he was actually resenting Ling Han. His behaviour was really extremely ugly.

After an unknown amount of time, he finally fell asleep in a daze.

Ling Han unleashed a gust of wind from his finger. Pa! Yan Jun was knocked unconscious, and Ling Han entered the Essence Nurturing Gourd.

-Whether Yan Jun would be bitten to death by wild beasts in the future would not be within Ling Hans consideration.

Ling Han absorbed energy from the Essence Nurturing Gourd, improving his physique in all aspects. His Spiritual Power was also growing healthily. At present, it could be raised to the same height as his mystical power, and in fact, it was even more important.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

The next morning, as if there was an alarm clock, Ling Han suddenly woke up. He exited the gourd, and saw that the sun was only a sliver away from rising.

He glanced over, only to see that Yan Jun was completely unscathed. Tsk, why wasnt there any wild beast that ate him?

Ling Han sat down in a cross-legged position, and began to cultivate, plucking the power of heaven and earth to nourish himself.

Half an hour later, Ling Han was done. Then, he took out some meat to barbeque.

It was about time, and Yan Jun woke up slowly after smelling the aroma of the meat. When he saw that the sky was already bright, he couldnt help but feel surprised. How could he sleep so well?

Gururu, his stomach couldnt help but rumble. He hadnt eaten all night, and now that he smelled the aroma, he was even hungrier.

He greedily looked at the meat on the fire, his saliva overflowing. He felt an urge to rush up and snatch it.

However, he knew that this was seeking his own humiliation.

It wasnt long before Ling Han roasted the meat and started to eat.

Yan Jun knew very well that it was impossible to ask Ling Han for food. Thus, he decided to simply rely on himself, and planned to hunt some prey himself.

Sit down! Ling Han stretched out a hand and pressed down. Yan Jun was unable to move.

Ling Han! Yan Jun called out.

Ling Hans expression darkened. Pa! He slapped him across the face, saying, On the basis that were from the same city, I wont lower myself to your level. However, youve repeatedly called me by my name. Youre far too disrespectful.

This slap was very solid, causing Yan Jun to become dizzy.

However, what Yan Jun felt worse was in his heart

This guy was clearly abusing him and not giving him anything to eat, but he actually said it so righteously and matter-of-factly. It became Yan Jun that was in the wrong, so how could he not explode in anger?

However, it was also his fault. Why did he have to call Ling Hans name directly?bender

He still couldnt accept the fact that Ling Han had become a High Level Formation Master. He kept thinking that Ling Han had only been a country bumpkin from a remote town at that time, but now, Ling Han was superior to him. He couldnt help but feel unable to accept that.

Grandmaster Ling, I want to hunt by myself! he said through gritted teeth. Because he had the optical computer recording, he had to make himself impeccable.

Ling Han shookhis head and said, No, its too dangerous. Since Ive brought you out, I naturally have to be responsible for your safety. F***, what danger? This place was close to the Imperial Capital, and the more powerful Demonic Beasts would have long since been eliminated.

Yan Jun was driven mad again. Could it be that you want to starve me to death? Thinking of this possibility, he couldnt help but shiver. This was too cruel. Ling Han let out a burp, rubbed his stomach, and said, So full, so full! Yan Jun felt like crying. Then what about him?

Here. Ling Han tossed over a bone that he had just chewed on, Eat. Yan Jun was taken aback, and then fire was about to come out of his eyes. Bones, you actually made me eat bones?

Are you treating me like a dog?

Ling Han, youve gone too far

Pa!

He had not even finished his words, when Ling Han gave him a resounding slap.

Dont seek death! Ling Han said balefully.

Offending ones superior was a great taboo.

Yan Juns heart clenched. If he really couldnt control his mouth, then even if he was killed by Ling Han, he would have died for nothing.

Since youre not eating, lets go. Ling Han patted off the dust from his behind and strode forwards.

Yan Jun had no choice but to follow. However, his gaze involuntarily paused on that bone.

Er, there seemed to still be some meat on it. He was very hungry..