Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3335: Land of Miasma

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

After walking for an entire morning, Ling Han finally stopped to rest and grab a bite to eat.

Yan Jun was already so hungry that he was blinking his eyes to clear his blurred vision. Cultivators had a very high demand for food, and this was already the third meal that he had not eaten. His hunger had reached an unbearable level.

He knew that Ling Han wouldnt let him leave, so he naturally didnt bring up the topic of him going off to hunt by himself anymore. However, his gaze became more and more venomous.

Ling Han saw this, yet he was completely unconcerned.

Under the suppression of strength, did he need to care about Yan Juns thoughts?

Of course, he had done it on purpose. Previously, Yan Jun had targeted him for no reason, and even hired an assassin. Why hadnt he thought that he was going too far at that time?

Thus, this was a sin that he had committed, so he would have to bear the consequences himself.

After Ling Han finished eating, he tossed a bone over as usual.

Yan Jun was still very unyielding and didnt pick it up. However, before he left, his gaze paused on the bone for a few more seconds.

He continued his journey in a passive manner. In any case, he was already out of energy.

Ling Han smiled, and picked him up. With his current power, the weight of a person was completely no issue.

When they stopped again at night, Yan Juns gaze had changed completely.

If an ordinary person didnt eat for a day, they might only feel dizzy and have blurry vision, ill. However, it was a different story for cultivators. That kind of strong desire for food was incredibly strong.

He wanted to eat, he wanted to eat, he definitely had to eat.

Thus, when Ling Han tossed down a bone, he himself darted out, grabbed it, and chewed madly on it.

When he almost chewed up the bones and swallowed them down into his stomach, Ling Han asked in surprise, What are you doing?

Yan Juns eyes were still bloodshot. He was still hungry.

Why do you have to eat the bones that others have left behind? Isnt there meat here? Ling Han pointed at a piece of meat that was placed on the fire.

Wh-what?

Yan Jun was a little dazed as he looked at Ling Han.

I was just joking with you before. Do you think that with my identity, I would make things difficult for a mere Elementary Level Formation Master like you? Ling Han said with a smile.

Yan Junyan almost spat out a mouthful of blood. Just joking?

How could you joke like this? You starved me for a day and a night, and you actually call it a joke?

He wasnt stupid, and he knew that Ling Han had done this on purpose. When he went crazy from hunger, and even chewed on the leftover bones, Ling Han would say this.

This was toying with him. Not only was it torturing his body, but it was also torturing his mind and willpower.

Yan Jun felt extremely humiliated. When had he ever been treated like this before?

Damn it, damn it, damn it!

He swore that if he had the chance, he would kill Ling Han at all costs.

Ling Han smiled faintly, and said, Since youve already eaten, dont waste it. He picked up another piece of meat and began to gnaw on it.

Yan Jun felt a strong urge to commit murder. He had indeed eaten it, but there was only that little bit of meat in the bones, so how could it possibly be enough?

Have a good rest. We still have to travel tomorrow! Ling Han said. Pa, he slapped Yan Jun unconscious.

A night passed, and when Yan Jun woke up, Ling Han had already finished cultivating.

Smelling the aroma of the meat, this guys stomach growled like thunder.

Right now, he was so hungry that he wanted to kill someone.bender

As the saying goes, humans die for wealth, and birds die for food. Now, for the sake of food, even if an elite of Inscription Tier stood in front of him, he would still dare to rush up and snatch the food from him.

Ling Han cracked a smile. He didnt want to starve Yan Jun to death either. That way, he wouldnt be able to escape the consequences either.

He kept Yan Jun hanging, not letting him eat to fullness, nor letting him starve to death.

When they arrived at Dome Mountains, Yan Jun had already lost a lot of weight.

Grandmaster Ling, I will remember this kindness! Yan Jun said through gritted teeth. On this journey, in order to dispel his feeling of hunger, he had not only chewed on the bones that Ling Han had left behind, he had also eaten a considerable amount of wild grass.

To him, this was a grudge that he would never forget for the rest of his life.

But he understood. As long as he was still alive, that would be the best revenge.

Thus, no matter what, he had to survive.

Ling Han patted his shoulder, and said, Dont take it to heart. It is my duty to guide and support young people.

Guide your sister!

Yan Jun grumbled internally, but of course, he couldnt say it out loud.

Dome Mountains wasnt a dangerous place, and there were few powerful Demonic Beasts here. Although there were also some precious medicinal ingredients, because of the dense poisonous miasma, few people came here.

The reason was very simple. To enter into this space, one would have to take the Hundred Neutralization Pill, and just how expensive was the Hundred Neutralization Pill?

The medicinal ingredients that could be harvested would just be enough to offset the expenditure of the Hundred Neutralization Pill, or be even less than that, so who would be willing to do it?

However, this naturally wasnt a problem for Ling Han.

He himself knew how to concoct the Hundred Neutralization Pill, and even if he didnt, it would be a piece of cake for him with his wealth.

Ling Han took out a pill bottle and tossed it over to Yan Jun. He said, This is the Hundred Neutralization Pill, which can cure miasma poison.

Yan Jun naturally didnt want to go in, but he also knew that he couldnt disobey Ling Han, so he could only take the pill bottle and swallow an alchemical pill.

He wasnt afraid that Ling Han would give him fake medicine, because the optical computer was recording, and the images would be uploaded at the same time of the recording. Even if the optical computer was smashed, there would still be a backup in the Imperial Capital.

The two of them entered into the forest. This poisonous miasma had a physical form, and could be seen with the naked eye. It was rising like clouds and mists, swirling around them.Fiind upd𝒂ted 𝒏ovels on n𝒐/v/elbin(.)co/m

There were no animals here, and even Demonic Beasts couldnt survive here. However, there were some special trees, flowers, and plants that were especially lush, reaching dozens of meters in height. Their crowns spread open, covering the sky and sun.

Added with the miasma, this place appeared even darker. The sun was clearly shining brightly, but this place was completely dusky.

Ling Han walked towards the northwest. According to the information, Bei Lan Poisonous Sprout was growing by the side of a pool in that direction.

This place was quiet, and there were no roars of beasts or cries of insects. It was as if it was an absolute land of death.

The Hundred Neutralization Pill couldnt last for too long either. After about an hour, the medicinal effects were exhausted, and he needed to take another pill.

Three hours later, they finally arrived near that pool of water.

This pool wasnt small, and it was oval-shaped. At its longest, it was about nine meters, and the narrowest was more than six meters. The pool water was pitch-black, and bubbles would occasionally appear. With a pa, they exploded, and a wisp of gas rose into the air.

Was this the source of the miasma?

Here, the poisonous miasma was obviously even more intense, speeding up the consumption of the Hundred Neutralization Pill.

Ling Hans eyes swept over the surroundings, and he had already discovered Bei Lan Poisonous Sprout by the side of the pool.

This was a very strange-looking plant. It looked a little like a bean sprout, with green leaves that were thick.

Ling Han was extremely careful. After putting on gloves, he went to pluck it. This was because the Bei Lan Poisonous Sprout had the word poison in its name. In reality, it was also extremely poisonous.

He drew the Bei Lan Poisonous Sprout into the Essence Nurturing Gourd, and a relaxed expression appeared on his face.

Now that the eight medicinal ingredients were all prepared, the Soul Departing Pill could no longer trouble him.

Yi? Yan Jun watched from the sidelines, and couldnt help but look surprised.

Why had a herb suddenly disappeared?

This is called the Essence Nurturing Gourd. Its a spatial tool, and can also strengthen ones spiritual power, Ling Han explained.

Spatial Tool!

Yan Jun naturally knew what this was. According to historical records, the Spatial Tools of the civilization of the last era had all been created by Formation Masters. But now, there was not a single Formation Master that could forge a Spatial Tool. They did not have the skill at all.

He was first envious, then shocked. Why did Ling Han tell him such a secret?

Could it be that he was planning to kill him to keep him from leaking the secret?