Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3336: Source of All Poisons

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Moreover, it could nurture and strengthen ones spiritual power!

Yan Jun finally understood why Ling Han could surpass him and become a High Level Formation Master. It was because he had the Essence Nurturing

Gourd.

If he could also possess such a treasure, then he would definitely be able to become a High Level Formation Master as well, or even higher than that.

Youre overthinking things, Ling Han said with a chuckle. Studying formations requires natural talent, and as for you? Youre clearly far too

inferior.

This was blatant disdain.

Yan Jun gritted his teeth in anger. He swore that when he returned to the Imperial Capital, he would definitely publicize the fact that Ling Han possessed the Essence Nurturing Gourd, to the point that even a three-year-old child would have to know about this.

Countless people would covet this kind of treasure. Unless Ling Han was willing to give it up, he would definitely die a mysterious death.

Are you wondering why I have to let you know such a big secret? Ling Han asked with a smile.

You are too conceited, Yan Jun said.

Ling Han cracked a smile, I am confident, but I am definitely not conceited.

Pride is a very bad habit, so how could I possibly make such a big mistake?

Then why are you doing this? Yan Jun asked curiously.

Because Im tired of playing around and plan to kill you. Thus, even if you know some secrets, I wont care, Ling Han said with a smile.

Ha! Yan Jun sneered. Although youre a High Level Formation Master, I didnt make any mistakes. If you dare to kill me, dont even think of escaping.

Ling Han was astonished, and he said, Who said that I killed you? You were the one who tripped and fell into the pond, and I couldnt save you in time!

Are you lying through your teeth? Yan Jun waved the optical computer on his wrist, These are all recorded, and have been simultaneously transmitted to the Imperial Capital!

Ling Han smiled faintly, and asked, What gives you such confidence in the network here?

When Yan Jun heard this, he couldnt help but feel his expression change drastically.

He tried to use the optical computer to connect to the network, but there was

no reaction at all.

In the area around the Imperial Capital, the infrastructure is indeed much better than Huju City. However, it is not so good that there would be additional relay devices in this kind of dead place, Ling Han said slowly.

You, you, you- Yan Jun knew that things were not good, and cold sweat dripped down his forehead.

So, dont be too confident. Ling Han patted Yan Juns shoulder.

Yan Jun shivered. He finally knew fear now. If he died here, as long as his optical computer was destroyed, no one would know the truth, and Ling Han would be able to go unpunished.

You cant! You cant do this! he roared.

Ling Han said calmly, Why cant I? You are allowed to hire assassins, and I am not allowed to take revenge?

What do you mean by hiring assassins? Youre spouting nonsense. Yan Jun hurriedly shook his head.

Thats not very nice of you. I have already openly declared that I want to kill you, yet you dont even have the courage to admit the truth? Ling Han sighed.

Yan Jun would never admit it. In this way, he would still have a sliver of a chance to live, and said, Ling Han, you really should not misunderstand. It is not what you think it is. It is completely Yang Ziqings own decision! Didnt you also hear it with your own ears at Miss Fengs birthday banquet?Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

Yang Ziqing admitted it himself.

Ling Han shook his head, and said with a smile, If Yang Ziqing had a spirit after death, he would probably jump out of his casket in fury.

Ling Han, believe me. Really, that was completely Yang Ziqings business. I had completely no idea. Yan Jun was still lying through his teeth.

Ling Han smiled, and said, I wasnt the one who pushed you down either.

What? Yan Jun was taken aback. These words came completely out of nowhere and there was no sense to them.

However, in the next instant, he discovered that he had been sent flying. With

a peng, he fell into the water.

Only now did he understand what Ling Hans words meant. However, he was immediately scared out of his wits. This was a poisonous pool, and the poisonous fog in the entire forest was exuding from here.

Even standing on the sidelines, the consumption rate of the Hundred Neutralization Pill was astonishingly fast, let alone falling into it.

He hurriedly struggled and swam towards the shore, feeling great pain all over his body. The poison entered his body, causing his skin to immediately begin to rot.

But when he swam to the bank, what greeted him was a foot.

Tong, this merciless kick immediately sent him flying backwards.

NO- Yan Jun brandished his hands with all his might. When this poison invaded his body, it was not only fatal, but also incredibly painful.

Ling Han was expressionless. From the moment Yan Jun hired assassins, he was no longer worthy of sympathy.

Ling Han, I curse you. You will die a horrible death, and you will be even worse off than me. One day, you will be dealt with! Yan Jun roared. He knew that Ling Han would definitely not spare him, so he threw caution to the wind. At least, he could vent his anger with a bit of cursing.

Ling Han ignored him. He looked at the center of the pool, because he discovered that there was a whirlpool there, and in the whirlpool, there was a black object that was exuding a powerful aura of life.

Could it be that this is the Source of All Poisons?

His heart skipped a beat. A lot of information could be found in the academyy, and among them, there was an introduction to the Source of All Poisons.

The so-called Source of All Poisons could only be produced in this kind of poisonous land. This was extremely poisonous. However, when things reached the extreme, the opposite would happen. It was the same for the Source of All Poisons. The end of the poison was the source of life.

Thus, the Source of All Poisons, was an astonishingly valuable treasure for cultivators.

The conditions for the formation of the Source of All Poisons were harsh. It had to be extremely poisonous, and at the same time, it had to take a very long time, just like how heaven and earth nurtured Treasured Fruits. No matter what, it had to take hundreds or even thousands of years.

Ling Han believed that there was definitely no Source of All Poisons here not too long ago. Otherwise, there would constantly be people coming to try their luck.

His luck was off the charts. He had come to harvest the Bei Lan Poisonous Sprout. However, he had coincidentally come across the Source of All Poisons forming.

Moreover, the Source of All Poisons was usually hidden. It was impossible to discover it with a single glance.bender

After Ling Han was certain, he couldnt help but laugh loudly, and said, Yan Jun, I really have to thank you this time.

If it was not for the fact that he had deliberately brought Yan Jun all the way here on a whim, then he would definitely have left after plucking the Bei Lan Poisonous Sprout. It was impossible that he would have discovered that the Source of All Poisons was hidden within the poisonous waters.

Yan Jun only thought that he was being sarcastic, and was only focused cursing. He had realized that he did not have much time left to live.

Ling Han was very patient, and explained the Source of All Poisons to him. When Yan Jun heard this, he almost died from fury.

Oh, his death had actually helped Ling Han obtain a great opportunity?

No way!

He immediately swam towards the centre of the pool. He had heard Ling Han say that the Source of All Poisons was also the source of life, so it would definitely be able to cure his poison, heal his injuries, and even allow him to obtain even more benefits.

Ling Han shook his head. How could the Source of All Poisons be so easily obtained?

Ah Yan Jun screamed in pain. One of his hands had already touched the source of the poison, but in an instant, his whole arm had melted, and not even the bones were left behind.

He glared venomously at Ling Han. This guy was actually still trying to trick him.

Gururu, he was already too weak to do anything else. His whole person sank into the water. After a few bubbles surfaced, peace had returned to the pool..