Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3337: Peak stage of Third Change

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Yan Jun had died, while Ling Han was completely unfazed. He had not taken this kind of minor character to heart at all. Since he had come to his mind now, he would just kill him. There was no need for him to be overjoyed or anything of the sort.

He was observing the strength of the Source of All Poisons. Every place that could give birth to the Source of All Poisons was different. For some, even Blood Transformation Tiers could obtain it, while some could cause even Inscription Tiers to instantly die.

This Source of All Poisons shouldn’t be too strong, because when Yan Jun Jun came into contact with it, it only corroded one of his arms, and did not immediately turn him into pus.

—If Yan Jun had known about this after his death, he would probably be cursing again. In the end, he had still been tricked by Ling Han.

Let’s give it a try.

Ling Han ingested two Hundred Neutralization Pills and leaped into the pool. Tong! He landed lightly in the pool, where the Source of All Poisons was located.

Instantly, a strong pain assaulted him. The strong poison was presently corroding his skin, wanting to break through and enter his body.

Ling Han channeled his mystical power to resist, and added with the toughness of his physique, it was enough to last for a while.

He stretched out a hand and grabbed out at the Source of All Poisons.

This was actually a kind of energy, but it was wrapped in strong poison.

Without removing the outer layer of protection, it was impossible to obtain any benefits.

‘Break!’

Ling Han let out a soft exclamation, and his right hand had already clawed through the protection of the Source of All Poisons. Instantly, a powerful life essence rushed into his body, instantly making his vitality functions become extremely active.

The poison was still invading, but under the effects of the Source of All Poisons, it had become energy that Ling Han could absorb.

Everything could be considered energy, and it was only a matter of how they were absorbed.

Boom, Ling Han’s level of being began to rapidly increase. His life force surged, and practically for every second that passed, he would advance a small step further.

When night fell, Ling Han had already advanced his cultivation level to the late stage of the Second Change.

He channelled the Brother Monkey Cultivation Technique, continuing to absorb energy and ignoring the feeling of hunger emanating from his body.

A night passed, and his cultivation level had reached the peak stage of Second Change.

He jumped out of the pool, and was in no rush to break through.

He needed to stabilize his cultivation level. It had not even been a month since he broke through to Second Change, and now he wanted to advance into Third Change?

It was too fast. If his foundations were unstable, a great problem would appear in the future.

Ling Han continued to throw punches, channeling the Demonic Monkey Fists to the extreme. When he threw a punch, the force actually showed signs of turning into a Demonic Monkey.

“Hehe, so my grasp of the Demonic Monkey Fists can’t even be considered beginner level!” Ling Han murmured to himself. Brother Monkey had only taught him the fist technique, but didn’t explain too much. It was obvious that he wanted him to slowly study it, because what he comprehended like this would truly belong to him.

He used up all his power, then recovered, and began to cultivate again. At present, he had no one that could match him. He could only practice his fist technique on his own, expending his own power over and over again.

Three days later, he felt that it was about time.

In truth, it was still not perfect enough, but he could not give up such a good chance. ThisSource of All Poisons could not be taken away. If he came back after some time, it would be letting others have the advantage.

He once again leaped into the pool, and touched the Source of All Poisons, with his hands, and began to break through.

The Source of All Poisons was filled with vitality. This could be considered a different kind of Treasured Fruit of Life, which was enough to support him to complete the leap in his level of being.

However, his time in the Second Change was really too short. Without enough accumulation, it was naturally impossible for him to break through as a matter of course. Instead, he would stumble, and advance slowly.

After spending a whole three days’ time, Ling Han finally succeeded in a single step, and advanced into Third Change.

Hong, the largest change came from his spiritual power, which suddenly soared to a new height, surging violently in his mind.

Phew, this was finally Third Change.

Ling Han stopped. He had to eat something. Previously, in order not to interrupt his inspiration for breaking through, he had not touched any food or drink. Now, he naturally had to eat a good meal.

He took out rice from his gourd, started a fire and cooked. These few days, to save him time and effort, he had been eating barbequed meat all this while, and though he loved to eat meat, he was already tired of eating it every day, every meal.

After eating, he instantly felt refreshed.

‘Alright, I’ll continue to cultivate.’

He jumped back into the poisonous water and absorbed the energy of the Source of All Poisons to increase his cultivation level.

Ling Han spent all his time cultivating, and his cultivation level also shot up. Another three days later, he reached the late stage of Third Change. He could see that the aura exuding from him had turned from pure black to silver.

He was only a sliver away from reaching the peak stage of the Third Change. However, the Source of All Poisons, had also disappeared. If he continued to stay here, he would only be harmed and not benefited at all.

Ling Han hurriedly exited the pool. Although he hadn’t been able to advance to the Fourth Change in one go, this was still a good thing. After all, if he forcibly advanced to the Fourth Change, his foundations would be far too fragile.

He needed enough time to improve his physical power, and there was no need to worry about this. He had a large amount of honey from the Purple Wasps. This was a precious treasure that would help temper his body.

It was time to go back.

Ling Han returned. This time, he didn’t need to bring another person, so his speed was naturally much faster. Furthermore, he had also used the Shuttle Steps. With double the speed of sound, how fast was this speed?

However, after only running for an hour, Ling Han couldn’t hold on any longer.

The burden was too great. His body was boiling hot, as if it was about to combust.

However, compared to the beginning, Ling Han’s improvement could be considered astonishing. Was one hour of explosive power not enough?

Furthermore, as his physique became stronger, this period of time should be able to extend for even longer.

He did some calculations. He would need to rest for a few hours before his body could recover, and undergo such a heavy expenditure again.

Four days later, Ling Han returned to the Imperial Capital. He first went to the Formation Masters Association, bringing back the news of Yan Jun’s “unfortunate” death.

The death of a Formation Master naturally had to be investigated closely.

From the recordings that Yan Jun had sent back, though Ling Han had been a little harsh on him, it could not be summed up as persecution. Most importantly, after entering into the zone of miasma, the signal would be cut off.

With no witnesses, Ling Han could naturally say whatever he wanted. How many people would dare to doubt a High Level Formation Master? Moreover, this Formation Master was deeply admired by Chen Hao, and it was even possible that he would surpass Chen Hao in the future.

Moreover, Yan Jun had come from Huju City, and did not have any important background. Who would be willing to stand up for him? Wouldn’t that be a thankless task?

The matter was settled just like that. A big matter turned into a small one, and a small matter turned into nothing. Ling Han was only going through the motions and making a record. No one dared to detain him.

He returned to the academy and tested his various abilities. DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

The peak value of mystical power was about 3 million kilograms, while physical power was slightly inferior, only 1.5 million or so. And with Spiritual Power stimulating it, the speed of the flying sword reached 3.7 times the speed of sound, and added with a full-out toss, it was 4.7 times.

It still can’t exceed five times, Ling Han sighed.

Right now, his conventional power was already no weaker than that of First Extreme. He could completely face a First Extreme head-on, and if he used all kinds of methods at his disposal, it wouldn’t be difficult for him to defeat even aThird Extreme. He didn’t need to gamble on luck, nor did he need to exert all his effort to make it so that Third Extreme would step into his trap.

Ling Han began to concoct the antidote pill for the Soul Departing Pill. Once the pill was ingested, the strong poison that was constantly bothering him finally disappeared, making his whole body relax, and he felt as if even the speed of cultivation had sped up a bit.

Right at this moment, a great event happened in the Imperial Capital, shaking the whole Empire..