Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3343: Snake Woman

Translator: Henyee Translations | Editor. Henyee Translations

Ling Han used the Demonic Monkey Fists and exchanged blows with the goatman.

Peng! Peng! Peng!bender

Ling Han used 20 overlapping layers of power, and high-level energy entwined around his fists. One after another, his attacks landed on the goatmans hooves, and light flashed madly. This was a clash of raw power, as well as an exchange of high-level energy.

There was not the slightest bit of exaggeration in every move or stance. It was completely a clash of pure strength.

Ling Hans mastery of the Demonic Monkey Fists improved further. As he shot out a punch, the projection of a Demonic Monkey appeared. It opened its mouth and inhaled, actually having the effect of absorbing the high-level energy of the goatman.

Even if Demonic Beasts were naturally thick-skinned and tough, possessing the advantage of physique, his hooves were still cracked by Ling Hans attacks, blood gushing out.

Under the pain, this goatman became even more violent. He roared repeatedly, and his body instantly became broader.

He had exploded.

Goat Horn Charge! he roared loudly, his head slightly tilted forwards. Then, he charged towards Ling Han. Peng, with the force exerted from his legs, he burst out with astonishing speed.

Two point five times!

In the first place, speed was the strong suit of the Demonic Goat. Even if he took human form, he would still maintain this advantage. Otherwise, even if his blood and Qi exploded, even a Blood Transformation Tier cultivator could not possibly reach two times the speed of sound, what more two and a half times.

Do you think Im afraid of you? Ling Han said coldly. He unleashed his Frequency Attack at the goats head.

Peng!

Under the intense impact, a terrifying shockwave instantly spread out in all directions. With more than two times the speed of sound, this was too terrifying. Tables, chairs, and wine bottles were all sent flying, crashing towards the walls on either side.

Yang Jun won? The people of Yue Empire all stretched out their heads. If even Yang Jun couldnt deal with this human, then it would be a great blow to them. -He should have won. This charge from Yang Jun is extremely terrifying in the first place, and added with the boost from the burst of power, it is enough to pose a fatal threat to a First Extreme, what more when it is a mere Blood Transformation Tier.

However, being able to force Yang Jun to this extent, this human isnt completely incompetent.

Hes qualified to become Young Master Hus servant.

These cloaked figures all nodded, as if becoming Young Master Hus servant was an incredibly glorious thing.

What?!

However, when the dust settled, they discovered that Yang Jun had already collapsed to the ground. His head was covered with blood, and one of his horns had been sent flying, making the other appear extremely lonely.

This under the attack of Yang Jun that had exploded with his full battle prowess, Ling Han had actually broken one of his horns?

As for Ling Han?

Er, though his palm was indeed bleeding, he was still standing steadily, and there seemed to be no signs that he was about to collapse.

In other words, Ling Han had also achieved a complete victory in the second battle.

Is there anyone more powerful? Ling Han asked calmly, as he looked towards the people from Yue Empire.

These words were very pretentious, but bearing the aura of two consecutive wins, they caused the blood of the people around him to boil.

Who said that the Human Race was weaker than the Demon Race? See, this was clear proof.

Young Master Hu and the others exchanged looks. Though there were still Fifth Change elites among them, all of them only had about the same battle prowess as the wolfman and goatman. They were definitely no match for Ling Han.

It should be known that this human had not boiled his blood and Qi yet.

Let me! A cloaked person walked out, then stretched out a hand to remove the cloak, revealing a beautiful and charming face. This was actually a woman! Previously, her whole body was wrapped in a cloak. To say nothing of her face, even her figure could not be seen, so it was naturally impossible to distinguish her gender. But now that she had removed the cloak, everyones eyes lit up. Not only was this woman astonishingly beautiful, but her figure was also enchanting, as if she was weak and powerless, making one want to embrace her and carefully protect her.

Snake woman!Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Although she didnt have a snakes head, her neck, arms, and other parts of her body could be seen. Her skin was covered with scales.

Especially that slender waist. It really could be held with a single arm, and even if it was covered with green scales, it was not disgusting. One would only feel that it was filled with a different kind of temptation.

Tm Snake Luan Yin, the snake woman said. With a shake of her arms, a long sword appeared in each of her hands, shining brightly.

Spatial Spirit Tool.

Ling Han was slightly surprised. In the Dark North Nation, even a second-generation young master like Xuanyuan Dingguo didnt have a Spatial Spirit Tool. He could only borrow it from his older siblings, which showed how precious and rare this thing was.

However, this snake woman possessed a Spatial Spirit Tool, which would probably tempt the hearts of a great many mighty figures.

Ling Han was unmoved. He merely crooked a finger, and said, Come battle. Once they stood on his opposing side, there would be no gender difference, and they would all be his enemies!

The snake woman charged out with her swords, slashing out at Ling Han. Ling Han extracted the energy of Stone to protect his fists, and then clashed head-on with the swords.

Ding, ding, ding! The moment they came into contact, he frowned slightly, because the others power was too strong.

I have the cultivation level of Second Extreme, the snake woman said. She slashed out with her swords, and a special cold light flickered. She had also communicated with high-level energy, which adhered to the swords, allowing them to possess even more astonishing destructive power.

Ling Han raised his fists to parry, and felt that the energy of Stone was being expended extremely quickly. With a single slash, it was practically exhausted. With a gap of a major tier in cultivation level, no matter what cultivation level you have, you would still be far behind me. How would you be able to match me? the snake woman said. Her tongue was long and thin, and it was even bifurcated, retaining the characteristics of a snake.

Shua, the sword struck again.

Ling Han didnt face this attack head-on. This was far too taxing on his spiritual power.

He took out the broken sword. Since you are using a weapon, I naturally will not be reserved either.

The two of them clashed, and Sword Qi dazzled. Pu, pu, pu! No matter whose Sword Qi it was, they both possessed incredibly terrifying destructive power, and multiple gashes instantly appeared on the wall.

The design of this Underground Battleground Arena had only considered the strength of battles between Meridian Opening Tiers and Blood Transformation Tiers, but now, after experiencing several battles in succession, the level of battle had reached Extreme Bone Tier, and the snake woman was an existence of Second Extreme, whose destructive power even surpassed Second Extreme. Under such a great battle, the Underground Battle Arena was on the verge of collapse.

Those with weak strength had already left ahead of time, but there were still a great many people watching the battle. They believed that even if this place collapsed, they would still be able to blast their way out, and would not be crushed to death below the rubble.

Ling Han brandished his sword with his right hand, while his left hand clenched into a fist. The Demonic Monkey Fists was used, and he pushed the power of Frequency Attack to the maximum. A total of 20 layers of power were stacked on top of each other, and he launched a mad barrage of attacks at the snake woman.

Those who stayed behind to witness this scene all gritted their teeth. F*ck, a Blood Transformation Tier was actually this powerful?

Not bad, not bad. Your strength really not too bad. The snake woman nodded, showing an expression of admiration, You are qualified to be recruited by Young Master Hu!

F*ck! Hes already so powerful, yet hes only fit to become someone elses servant?

You think youve been wronged? the snake woman sneered. Young Master Hus father is the Great General of our Yue Empire, an elite of Mystery Realm Tier, and Young Master Hu himself is an elite of the Inscription Tier. You, a mere Blood Transformation Tier, are able to follow such a master, so what more could you ask for?

Ling Hans heart jolted.. This Young Master Hu was actually not the Imperial Prince of the Yue Empire that had come to visit this time!