Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3347: Chapter 3349 Freakish Genius Hong Tianbu

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Boom!

Hong Tianbu moved, and pressed down a palm strike from afar. A terrifying force took form, and like a mountain, struck out at Hu Sihai.

Hu Sihai smirked coldly. At this time, he naturally could not cower, and responded with a palm strike.

He was also very impressive. With a palm strike, his attack actually took the form of a tiger, and moved with a roar.

The two forces crashed into one another, and that ferocious tiger was instantly shattered. Hong Tianbus force majestically rolled over, causing Hu Sihais expression to change drastically. He hurriedly leaped out of the way and dodged.

This was the advantage of unleashing ones power. If one couldnt defeat their opponent, they would still have a chance to escape. However, in a close-quarters battle, there would be no buffer.

Hu Sihais expression changed drastically, and he cried out, How could your power possibly be so strong?Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

He was a Four Inscriptions elite, after all, and being able to crush him like this was definitely not something as simple as being a Five Inscriptions elite, but rather an elite of the Enlightenment Tier.

Enlightenment Tier? he probed.

Hong Tianbu smiled faintly, and said, Im also an Inscription Tier elite like you, but in my case, Im a Three Inscriptions.

Puff!

Hu Sihai almost spat out a mouthful of blood. Your cultivation level is the same as mine, no, weaker by a minor level, but when you fight me, you completely crush me. What justice is there left in this world?

It should be known that he was not an ordinary Demonic Beast. He had a sliver of the bloodline of the Primitive Age Demonic Tiger, and boasted that he was invincible among his peers. Yet now, he was being defeated by someone who was weaker than him, and this opponent just happened to be a human!

How was this possible?

When had humans become so strong?

It was not just the Demon Race that was shocked. The others were also numb with shock.

Hong Tianbu had actually advanced into the Inscription Tier, and furthermore, he was a Three Inscriptions elite? For a prodigy like him, it was as easy as drinking water for him to challenge those above his cultivation level. In other words, his battle prowess should have reached the Enlightenment Tier.

Those in the Enlightenment Tier had the same battle prowess as His Majesty, the Holy Emperor.

There were a great many people who thought this. After all, only a small number of people had witnessed Chen Fengyans might in the past.

Even Ling Hans heart jolted. He had not thought that Hong Tianbus improvement would actually be so astonishing.

It should be known that Hong Tianbu was only twenty-three, oh, twenty-four years old after the New Year. A twenty-four-year-old elite who was a Three Inscriptions, even when martial arts had just begun to flourish and Treasured Fruits had appeared on a large scale, would anyone else be able to advance into Three Inscriptions so quickly?

This guy had been exploring ancient sites all this while. Looks like he had gained a lot, and that was why he could advance so rapidly.

Three Inscriptions? Hu Sihai murmured, his eyes gradually becoming firm, All right, then let me have a match with you, the number one prodigy of the human race!

Xiu, he pounced out.

So fast!

Ling Han felt like his eyes were blurring, and he was practically unable to catch any trace of Hu Sihai. This was about four times the speed of sound.

Theoretically speaking, the Inscription Tier should have been three times the speed of sound, yet he had forcefully raised it to another level.

Even Ling Han was like this, what more the others. They all felt their vision blur, and there was already no sign of Hu Sihai.

Hong Tianbu, however, was completely unconcerned. He merely stretched out a hand and pressed down. Peng, Hu Sihai was sent flying, and an arrow of blood spluttered from his mouth. Then, he fell heavily onto the ground, his limbs twitching. He actually couldnt get back up immediately.

So powerful!

If you can block a single strike from me, I wont take your life, Hong Tianbu said calmly. Im short of a mount by my side, so you can come with me. The members of the Yue Majestic Empire were all enraged. Just how noble were the Demon Race? A mere human actually dared to make one of them their mount?

This was practically courting death!

However, which one of them was a match for Hong Tianbu?

-Tianliang, bring him back, Hong Tianbian turned around and said. Yes. Hong Tianliang immediately raced towards Hu Sihai. Though he had always considered this older brother as his target to surpass, and hated living in such a shadow, now that he had really seen Hong Tianbu, he was like the others, only left with obedience and reverence.

This man was like a god. One could only prostrate themselves before him. How dare you! The goatman and the others hurriedly stepped out to block him, but they were all sent flying by Hong Tianbus palm strike.

Hong Tianbus might was unstoppable.

Hong Tianliang grabbed Hu Sihais wrist and dragged him away.

Hong Tianbu!

Hong Tianbu!

Hong Tianbu!

Someone called Hong Tianbus name, and after one person called out, it wasnt long before even more people responded. They all followed suit, and in the end, it was as if they had become an ocean. Their fanaticism ignited everyone.

Even though Hong Tianbu had only battled once, the limelight had completely eclipsed Ling Hans.

In terms of battle prowess at the same cultivation level, Ling Han had already reached the pinnacle level by defeating two opponents in Blood Transformation Tier and then two opponents at the Extreme Bone Tier. In fact, he was even more outstanding than Hong Tianbu.

However, who asked Hong Tianbu to defeat the other partys boss?

Hong Tianbu merely smiled faintly. His eyes swept over them, and stopped on Ling Han. However, it was only for an instant before he moved his gaze away, as if he didnt take Ling Han to heart at all.

This was a kind of contempt, as well as a kind of confidence.

You, the second Hong Tianbu?bender

Heh, youre not even worthy of a second glance from me.

Ling Han wasnt angered. He had seen many such people in the Genesis World, but which one of them hadnt been caught up to and surpassed by him? Which one of them hadnt become a stepping stone on his path of elites?

He was sure that Hong Tianbu would not be an exception either. Of course, this gaze was still of some use, and that was to make Ling Hans fighting spirit become even higher.

Stepping on spoilt second-generation young masters was really boring, and only prodigies like Hong Tianbu, would give Ling Han a feeling of satisfaction for surpassing them.

Hong Tianbu retracted his gaze before turning around to leave. His hands were clasped behind his back, and his white robes billowed in the wind. He appeared as carefree as could be.

Xuanyuan Dingguo walked over, and said with a sigh, Hong Tianbu is still as freakish as ever!

He had just advanced into Extreme Bone Tier, and could already be considered an elite, but compared with Hong Tianbu?

He was only 24 years old, yet he could easily destroy an Inscription Tier elite with a smile. Just how wide was the gap between them?

-Everyone thought that he was still in Third Extreme, but he quietly advanced into Three Inscriptions. With his freakishness, even Grand Tutor Hong and the Chairperson would not be able to match him, Xuanyuan Dingguo continued. The undisputed second strongest elite of the Majestic Empire! Ling Han cracked a smile, patted Xuanyuan Dingguos shoulder, and said, Work hard, its not impossible to surpass him in the future.

Xuanyuan Dingguo smiled bitterly. How could such a freak surpass him? However, he still smiled, and said, Thankyou?

Thanks for what?

Thank you for stepping out for my sake. Otherwise, that demonic tiger might really have killed me, Xuanyuan Dingguo said seriously.

Dont speak as if you are my wife. Ling Han gritted his teeth.

Hehe, you mean you want me to pledge myself to you?

Get lost!

The underground arena had already collapsed, so it was naturally impossible for Ling Han to continue battling. He could only return to the academy. However, he had already battled four times in a row, so that was enough for today.

After returning to the academy, the first thing Ling Han did was naturally expel the poison..