Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3348: Battle with the Imperial Prince of the Demon Race

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Ling Han ingested the Hundred Neutralization Pill while circulating his cultivation to dispel the poison. He spent two days to finally expel the powerful poison from his body.

The conflict that had happened the night before yesterday had already exploded in the discussion circle of the Imperial Capital. Only now did everyone know that the Yue Empire was actually so powerful. An Imperial Prince was already in the Enlightenment Tier, and any random envoy was an Inscription Tier elite.

Before this, most people thought that Yue Empire had come to become a subject, but after the battle the day before yesterday, everyone knew that this Yue Empire had wild ambitions, and definitely did not want to become a subject or even form an alliance, but rather wanted to make the Dark North Nation submit to them.

How could a mere Imperial Prince compare to their Holy Emperor?

They had come with ill intentions. If the Yue Empire sent troops to fight, would the Dark North Nation be able to stop them?

Those were Demonic Beasts! Although they had taken human form, their essence wouldnt change because of this, right?

Who didnt know that the Demonic Beasts were brutal and loved to eat human flesh? If the Dark North Nation truly became the Demonic Beasts playground, then everyone would be reduced to rations.

Fortunately, Hong Tianbu had stepped out and defeated that so-called Young Master Hu with a single strike, boosting the momentum of the Dark North Nation.

Ling Han was also mentioned, but in front of Hong Tianbus brilliance, he naturally paled in colour.

The Imperial Prince from the Yue Empire soon responded, issuing a challenge to Hong Tianbu at the Imperial Hunting Ground.

Without the permission of the Imperial Family, who would dare to go there without permission?

Now that the Imperial Prince of the Yue Empire had arranged a battle there, he was obviously provoking Dark North Nation.

This incited great fury from all over the court, and they all wrote letters to Yang Bai. Even if it was a battle of mutual destruction, they could not allow Demonic Beasts to act wantonly.

However, Grand Tutor Hong hurriedly paid a visit to Yang Bai, and it wasnt long before the Council Chairperson came to a decision, agreeing to this battle. Meanwhile, Hong Tianbu also responded with one wordbattle!

The entire Imperial Capital was in an uproar. By now, everyone knew that the Demon Races Imperial Prince was in the Enlightenment Tier, but Hong Tianbu was only in the Inscription Tier. How was he supposed to fight?

Wasnt it a definite defeat?

However, whether it was the imperial court or Hong Tianbu himself, they both seemed to be filled with confidence in this battle. Otherwise, how could they have agreed to the battle? Unless they were planning to lose to a Demonic Beast in front of the whole Imperial City?

The time for the battle was set for tomorrow.

There was no need for anyone to advertise. Everyone decided to go and watch the battle, and personally witness Hong Tianbu defeating the Demon Races Imperial Prince.

Ling Han naturally wanted to take a look as well. He wanted to know just how strong Hong Tianbu was.

On the second day, he set out with his little female attendant. At first, he had wanted to take a cab, but today, there was actually not a single car to be seen on the road.

Helpless, he could only walk with the little handmaiden.

Thankfully, they had set off early, and when they arrived at the hunting ground, it was still not time for the battle. Looking at the many cars that were parked at the entrance, Ling Han finally knew why he could not hail a cab.

All the drivers had come here to watch the battle, and had absolutely no intention of doing business.

Even the person driving the car was no longer doing business, so what about the others?

Today, the guards allowed everyone to enter, and on the plaza, there was a dense mass of people. It was already filled with people.

Ling Han believed that the battle between Hong Tianbu and the Imperial Prince of the Demon Race definitely wouldnt take place here. It would definitely be held deep in the mountains, so it was useless even if he found a good location here.

He and Huan Xue continued forward. When they arrived at the mountaintop, they had an extremely good view from above.

There were quite a number of people who had the same idea as him, such as Xuanyuan Dingguo, Qin Xinghuo and so on. They were all standing at the top of the mountain, and had even managed to grab a favorable position.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

There were far more people who had come to watch the battle this time than there had been in the hunting competition. After all, the hunting grounds had not been open to all the citizens at that time.

Who are those people? Ling Han asked Xuanyuan Dingguo. His eyes were focused on a few middle-aged men in their thirties and forties, each of them exuding an astonishing aura.

The few Imperial Princes that are elder! Xuanyuan Dingguo said in slight reverence. The one in yellow is the Third Imperial Prince, Chen Wenhua. The one beside him is the Sixth Imperial Prince, Chen Wenbin, and the one beside him is the Seventh Imperial Prince, Chen Taiqing.

The arranged battle this time had actually alerted a few of the elder Imperial Princes, which showed the importance of this battle. On the other hand, perhaps the Imperial Princes also wanted to know Hong Tianbus true strength.

If they were to inherit the throne in future, how would they subdue this supreme prodigy?

The time for the battle was ten oclock, and there was still about half an hour left. Thus, the people on the mountain were also looking for people to talk to to to pass the time.

Ling Han was also chatting idly with Xuanyuan Dingguo. They hadnt spoken much, when Yin Xiujing, the bewitching maiden, walked over, swaying her hips. She hadnt arrived yet, but her seductive gaze had already drifted over.

Little Brother Han, you are really unfriendly. You went to fight those ugly monsters of the Demon Race, and actually did not invite Big Sister! she said coquettishly.

Ling Han couldnt help but break out in a cold sweat. He hadnt gone to the underground arena to fight against the Demon Race, but he had just happened to bump into them.

Was the halo of trouble taking effect again?

Ill definitely inform Lady Yin next time, he said.

Then its a deal! Yin Xiujing said delicately, her eyes enchanting and captivating.

Xuanyuan Dingguo pulled Yin Xiujing aside and said, Say, dont tell me youre truly attracted to Ling Han?

What is it? Jealous? Yin Xiujing winked at him.

Xuanyuan Dingguo quickly shook his head, and said, Dont drag me down with you. I cant afford to offend a bewitching maiden like you! However, if youre truly tempted, you have to hurry up. There are some things I cant tell you, but Ling Hans future prospects are limitless!

Yin Xiujing was astonished. Xuanyuan Dingguo actually had such a high opinion of Ling Han?

Although Ling Han had displayed astonishing natural talent in cultivation, it wasnt like there werent others before him that had displayed astonishing natural talent at the beginning, but had slowly dimmed and disappeared into the crowd afterwards.

With her noble status as the granddaughter of General Moon Eclipse, how could the clan be willing to betroth her to someone whose only benefit was an outstanding natural talent in cultivation?

According to the wishes of their clan, they wanted to betroth her to some Imperial Prince.

She couldnt help but turn to look at Ling Han. What was so special about this brat that Xuanyuan Dingguo would actually admire him so much?

Right at this moment, a middle-aged man walked over in their direction. His steps were majestic and domineering.bender

Seventh Imperial Prince!

Your Imperial Highness!

Xuanyuan Dingguo and Yin Xiujing hurriedly clasped their hands in greeting. This was Chen Fengyans seventh son, Chen Taiqing.

Chen Taiqing raised his hand. The few Imperial Princes who were elder had all inherited the powerful bloodline of the current Holy Emperor. It was still unknown how strong his abilities were, but his aura was extremely strong, causing one to feel admiration at first sight.

Ling Han also clasped his hands in greeting, and said, Your Imperial Highness.

Chen Taiqing was all smiles as he surveyed Ling Han, and said, When I visited my Imperial Father some days ago, I heard my Imperial Father speak of you, and his words were filled with admiration.

Yin Xiujing was even more astonished. Even the Holy Emperor would speak of Ling Han in front of his son?

Goodness, what exactly had this guy done?

Ling Han smiled, and said, You flatter me, Your Imperial Highness.

Haha, excessive modesty is a sign of pride. How could I possibly dare to make up nonsense about my Imperial Father? Chen Taiqing laughed loudly. He paused, and said, Ling Han, I am currently short of manpower.. Are you willing to work for me?