Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3349: Generous

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Who could refuse the Seventh Imperial Princes offer of recruitment?

For others, this might be an irresistible temptation, but for Ling Han, how could he be willing to become someones servant?

At present, he was in the Dark North Nation. Though there was the Emperor suppressing others, he was only a commoner. As long as he was under the laws of the Majestic Empire, he was completely free. But if he followed the Seventh Imperial Prince, the significance would be completely different.

Ling Han smiled faintly, and said, Thank you for your misplaced love, Your Imperial Highness. However, I am only a Blood Transformation Tier cultivator at present, and should primarily focus on cultivating. For the moment, I have no plans to leave the academy.

All right. Then when you come out of the academy, remember to seek me out at the first instant. My doors will always be open for you, Chen Taiqing said. He was not angered because of this, and still maintained a faint smile on his face, appearing to be extremely gentlemanly.

It was said that Chen Fengyans older sons were outstanding. To say nothing of cultivation level and abilities, just their bearing alone was incomparable to Chen Jingye and the others.

Lmg Han nodded, Thank you for your understanding, Your Imperial Highness.

Chen Taiqing thought for a moment, then said, I heard that you are an expert in fist techniques. I have a copy of the Lightning Fist here, so Ill give it to you as a congratulatory gift for winning the first place in the hunting competition. He drew out a book, and handed it over to Ling Han.

With the optical computer, cultivation techniques, martial arts techniques, pill recipes, and so on could all be stored inside. In this day and age, there were not many that still used paper as a vessel.

Ling Han couldnt help but be startled.

This Seventh Imperial Prince indeed knew how to conduct himself. He had clearly not succeeded in recruiting a new supporter, yet had still sent out such a great gift. Anyone would be touched, right? In this way, it would be much easier for him to recruit new supporters next time.

However, Ling Han was destined not to submit to anyone.

Refuse?

He had gifted this in public, and if he did not accept it, that would really be not giving him any face.

Fine then, he would just repay this favor in future.

Ling Han was not pretentious either. He took the book, and said, Thank you Your Imperial Highness.

Chen Taiqing smiled again, turned around and left without the slightest bit of hesitation.

Hey, youre so awesome now, Xuanyuan Dingguo said as he nudged Ling Han. The Seventh Imperial Prince is one of the Imperial Princes whos most likely to become Emperor. I didnt expect him to hold you in such high regard-hurry and look at the martial arts technique of this Lightning Fist. Ling Han couldnt help but laugh, and asked, Why are you so worked up? Arent you curious?

Ling Han opened the fist manual and looked at it. Xuanyuan Dingguo, on the other hand, very consciously turned his head away, not even glancing at it.

The unique trait of the Lightning Fist was that it was fast. Not only was it quick to attack, but it was also quick to release force. It was really as described by the martial arts technique, akin to a flash of lightning that swept past, allowing one to clearly see the attack coming, yet still unable to block or dodge. Moreover, the Lightning Fist could also be channeled together with the high-level energy of the Lightning Element. In this way, its speed would be even faster, and it would carry the might of lightning, turning into the real Lightning Fist.

Hiss, the Seventh Imperial Prince was really generous.

Ling Han saw that this Lightning Fist could also stack power, and the highest level was forty-five layers. Though it was far inferior to the Demonic Monkey Fists, it was the strongest fist technique aside from the Demonic Monkey Fists. This was the first time they had met, and he had already sent out such an extravagant gift. It could only be said that the Seventh Imperial Prince was very wealthy.

This was not a small favor.bender

Ling Han had another thought. Could it be that the Seventh Imperial Prince had another Lightning Element Spirit Diagram in his possession?

After learning the Lightning Fist, one would definitely yearn for a Lightning Element Spirit Diagram. At that time, the Seventh Imperial Prince would only have to reveal the slightest bit of information, and wouldnt others eagerly approach him?

If that was really the case, then this Seventh Imperial Prince was really very scheming.

The problem was that Ling Han had never seen the Seventh Imperial Prince before, and he was so generous with his first move, which made Ling Han feel a little strange.

He was not a young brat that had just debuted, but rather an old monster that had been in the Genesis World for who knew how many years. How could he possibly be naive enough to think that the Seventh Imperial Prince was just being generous?

Lmg Han smiled internally. If the Seventh Imperial Prince was willing to use the Spirit Diagram of Lightning to trade with him, then he would definitely deliver precious alchemical pills in return. In fact, he would owe the Seventh Imperial Prince a favor, but if the Seventh Imperial Prince insisted on coercing him into submitting, then he could only apologize.

He refused to believe that Chen Taiqing was the only person in the world who had mastered the Spirit Diagram of Lightning.

Ling Han flipped through the fist technique very quickly. With a single flip, he had more or less memorized this fist technique. Then, he looked through it again, and filled in some details that he had missed. Then, he closed his eyes, and began to deduce in his mind.

For someone like him, who had once been a Heavenly Venerate, this was no big deal.   &

The Demon Race is here! After a while, Xuanyuan Dingguo suddenly said.

Ling Han opened his eyes, only to see an ancient warship slowly sailing over and arriving at the summit. There was a flag on the ships bow, and it was decorated with a golden six-eared macaque. It was clearly just a painting, yet it radiated with a powerful pressure. It was as if it could leave the painting and become real.

On the deck, there were numerous Demonic Beasts looking down on them. There were sheeps heads, wolves heads, lizards heads, and so on and so forth.

The warship landed. If such a colossal vessel was to stay in midair, it would expend a large amount of jade seeds, so there was naturally no need to spend so extravagantly.

After the warship landed, a great many Demonic Beasts could be seen jumping down. Finally, like the stars surrounding the moon, they all revolved around a Demonic Beast that had a tall, broad build.

This was a monkey?

This Demon Race was dressed in golden armor, and had an imposing appearance. He had a furry head, a sharp mouth and monkey-like cheeks, but even so, he still gave off a heroic vibe.

This was an aura, the demeanor of an elite, causing others to subconsciously overlook his appearance.

Ling Han immediately compared him to Brother Monkey, then shook his head. Though Brother Monkey was suppressed at the foot of the mountain, this guy was far from being comparable to Brother Monkey.Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

However, they were both monkeys, so did he have any relationship with Brother Monkey?

Or rather, did the Yue Empire have any relation with Brother Monkey?

Huh? Xuanyuan Dingguo was astonished, and he suddenly pointed at Ling Han. Look!

Ling Han followed his gaze, and couldnt help but look surprised as well, because he saw Feng Ruoxian.

Feng Ruoxian came to watch the battle. This was nothing strange, but what was strange was that she actually appeared in the camp of the Demon Race.

Previously, she had also disembarked from the warship with the Demon Race. Hadnt this woman just been bestowed the title of Count by the Saint Emperor? How had she suddenly become acquainted with the Demon Race? Moreover, it was as if they were on friendly terms, and she was chatting and laughing with that Imperial Prince of the Demon Race.

That demonic monkey must be the Imperial Prince of the Demon Race, because the Demon Race Imperial Princes name was Hou Qianhua. Previously, he had always thought that Hou meant something other than monkey, but after seeing so many goatmen and wolfmen, he could guess that it meant monkey. Ling Han couldnt help but smile coldly. This Feng Ruoxian was really a social butterfly. Previously, she had completely enchanted Chen Jingye and the other Imperial Princes, and now, she had actually thrown herself into the camp of the Demon Race.

However, now that the Demon Race had come with ill intentions, this woman still wanted to benefit from both sides. In fact, she wanted to depend on the strength of the Demon Race. This move she had miscalculated..