Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3351: The Seventh Prince Steps Up

Translator: Henyee Translations | Editor: Henyee Translations

Everyone was so shocked that their scalps went numb.

An Enlightenment Tier elite had been defeated just like that.

Hong Tianbu was too powerful, too heaven-defying!

He deserved to be called a freakish genius.

Peng! Hong Tianbu struck out with his palm, and Hou Qianhua was already sent flying. He crashed through countless trees along the way, and just happened to arrive at the top of the mountain. With a thud, he fell in front of the Demonic Beasts.

Everyone from the Demon Race was silent. They were completely speechless. His defeat was so absolute that they couldnt find any excuses.

What else could they say after he had lost to someone in the Inscription Tier? Hou Qianhua wasnt seriously injured. The Demon Race had thick skin and flesh. His physique was especially strong, but a defeat was a defeat. He didnt have the thick skin to rush up and fight again.

I lost! he said through gritted teeth.

Hearing this, everyone from the Demon Race felt their hearts ache.

Their Imperial Prince had lost to a human. This was too humiliating.

On the other hand, the expression Feng Ruoxians pretty face changed. Her face was shockingly pale. This was far from what she had expected.

In her opinion, Hou Qianhua should have won with a crushing force and suppressed the Dark North Nation single-handedly. After the Dark North Nation surrendered, she could rely on her relationship with Hou Qianhua to live a better life.

After all, she was just a Countess in name and did not have any real power. But now?

To say nothing of conquering the Dark North Nation, Hou Qianhua couldnt even defeat an Inscription Tier cultivator like Hong Tianbu, and had suffered a crushing defeat.

Obviously, Hou Qianhua could only return to the Yue Empire dejectedly. What should she do then?

If she stayed, she would definitely be despised by everyone. Oh, your father sacrificed himself to protect Huju City, but as his daughter, you actually colluded with the Demon Race. Who would give her any more notice?

However, the reason why she had been in such a hurry to choose sides, hadnt she just wanted to take advantage of the time difference? Otherwise, when everyone swarmed up to side with the Demon Race, her value would be greatly reduced.                          y

Who would have thought, who would have thought, who would have thought! Naturally, no one sympathized with her. It was all her own fault.

LetS go! Hou Qianhua roared. He was the first to jump onto the warship. How could he have the face to stay any longer?bender

All the Demon Race members boarded the warship, while Feng Ruoxian felt extremely awkward. Should she board the warship or not?

The warship slowly rose into the air and then flew into the distance. It did not return to the capital, but directly left the Dark North Nation.

In the end, Feng Ruoxian didnt follow them. She was a member of the human race, so if she went to the territory of the Demonic Beasts alone, what good would happen?

No one gave her a second glance. This woman was finished.

Hong Tianbu walked back to the mountaintop. Immediately, many people looked at him with reverence.

This was an elite with battle prowess of Enlightenment Tier, stronger than Grand Tutor Hong and Yang Bai. At the very least, he could be called the number two elite in the Dark North Nation.

Congratulations!

You are mighty!

You have raised our countrys prestige!

Awesome!

Everyone praised him. Now, no matter how exaggerated their words were no one would find them mushy.

However, Hong Tianbu remained calm. He looked at Ling Han, and said, You seem to owe the Hong Clan something.

Oh? Ling Hans expression was similarly indifferent. Why dont I have a recollection of that?

Its the gourd on your waist. Hong Tianbu said, No one can owe my Hong

Clan anything. You cant, and no one else can either!

Ling Han laughed loudly, and said, This is the first time Ive seen someone speak of robbery with such confidence!Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Hong Tianbu didnt mind. He strode forward with large strides, closing in on Ling Han.  b

With the prestige of having just defeated the Demon Races Imperial Prince he was completely capable of killing anyone who stood in his way. If Buddha stood in his way, he would kill Buddha. Who would dare stop him?

However, someone really had stepped forward.

The Seventh Prince, Chen Taiqing.

Hong Tianbu, youve gone too far, he said lightly.

Seventh Prince. Hong Tianbu cupped his hands in greeting. Please move aside.

Ive been hearing your name for the past few years, seemingly about to surpass my father, Chen Taiqing said calmly.

Hong Tianbu shook his head. I dare not compare to His Majesty.

Oh, so youre the strongest person after Father? Chen Taiqing added.

This was a double-edged sword. If Hong Tianbu answered affirmatively it would be equivalent to challenging all the elites in the Dark North Nation except for the Holy Emperor himself! But if Hong Tianbu was a little more humble, then his reputation that he had just built up would definitely be greatly reduced.

Hong Tianbu took a few more glances at Chen Taiqing before saying leisurely Other than His Majesty, I really havent found anyone who can match me!

Hiss, he really dared to say it.

Chen Wenhua and Chen Wenbin both smiled. They looked amiable, but it was obvious that their arrogance had been aroused.

Chen Taiqing laughed and said, Then let me take a look.

Please! Hong Tianbu extended his hand.

Chen Taiqing was very casual. He raised his palm and delivered a palm strike towards Hong Tianbu.

Whoosh! The wind from the palm strike whistled, and the force was wrapped in a special fiery red energy. It materialized and burned fiercely.

Seeing this scene, everyone was shocked.

The force of his palm strike, which was the size of a house, was already shocking enough. However, it was even more shocking when it was still burning.

Even Hong Tianbu was surprised. As he raised his hand to greet the attack he said, So the Seventh Imperial Prince has long advanced into the Enlightenment Tier!

Hiss, the Seventh Prince was actually in the Enlightenment Tier!

I cant compare to Eldest Brother and Second Brother, Chen Taiqing said lightly. I only broke through four years ago. Im not very talented. F*ck, he had already advanced into the Enlightenment Tier, and his talent was still lacking? Then wouldnt the Four Great Generals, Grand Tutor Hong, and the others be considered fatally stupid?

Chen Wenhua and Chen Wenbin were both surprised, as if they hadnt expected that their seventh brother had actually stepped into the Enlightenment Tier.

Boom!

The two elites clashed, and mushroom-shaped energy rose into the sky.

This time, they were evenly matched.

What a powerful Hong Tianbu!

Chen Taiqing nodded. The freakish genius is indeed worthy of his reputation.

Your Highness, youre the one whos hiding your strength! Hong Tianbu said with a smile as he launched an offensive.

Chen Taiqing counterattacked, not backing down in the slightest, not falling into a disadvantage at all.

However, it wasnt long before Hong Tianbu unleashed the ultimate technique that he had used to defeat Hou Qianhua. The golden Buddha appeared once more, unleashing a burst of golden energy as it swatted at Chen Taiqing. Chen Taiqings eyes suddenly lit up. Xiu! Two streaks of light shot out. Pu, pu! The golden Buddha was instantly obliterated.

Hiss!

Everyone was dumbfounded. Just now, Hong Tianbu had used this move to defeat the Imperial Prince of the Demon Race, yet Chen Taiqing had easily dispelled it. What did this signify?

Chen Taiqing was even more powerful than the Demon Races Imperial Prince! Instantly, everyone became excited. Who said that the Human Race was weaker than the Demon Race?

You see, they were both Imperial Princes, but Chen Taiqing was stronger. Going by that logic, it was definitely the Holy Emperor that was stronger than the Demon Emperor.

Hong Tianbu didnt attack again. Instead, he nodded, and said, So Seventh Imperial Princes Spiritual Power has actually reached Five Stars.

Five Stars of Spiritual Power?

Yi, wasnt Spiritual Power divided into Elementary Level, Middle Level, and

High Level? Why was there suddenly a mention of Five Stars?

Chen Taiqing smiled, and said, Youre not too bad either. Youve reached Four Stars.

Hong Tianbu pondered for a moment, then said, For the sake of Your Imperial Highness, I wont make trouble for him today.

After saying this, he turned around and left..