Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3353*. Eternal Moon Ancient Site

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

With two gluttons, the table of dishes was quickly wiped clean.

Ling Han looked at the perverted pigs round belly, and couldnt help but ask curiously, I didnt mistreat you in terms of food. How come after a few months, you still havent grown at all?

The lecherous pig snorted at him with a proud expression.

Ling Han picked it up, and said, When those members of the Demon Race came previously, I really should have taken you out and sent you back to where you belong, so as not to waste my food.

The lecherous pig flicked its short tail at him, not caring at all. It was so shameless.

After eating, Ling Han took a good rest.

The next morning, Ling Han got up before the sun rose as usual, and then began to cultivate, absorbing the power of heaven and earth to advance his cultivation.

Hong Tianbu had moved twice. The first time, he had easily defeated Hu Sihai, and the second time, he had defeated the prince of the Demon Race, who was in the Enlightenment Tier. He had displayed unparalleled strength, and had also given Ling Han immense pressure.

Ling Han did not think that he could defeat such an opponent who was a major cultivation level higher than him. At the very least, he would have to be in the same major cultivation level. If he was weaker by one or two minor cultivation levels, Ling Han was confident that there was no need for him to fear a battle with Hong Tianbu.

However, Hong Tianbu was already at Three Inscriptions, which was two major cultivation levels higher than him. How much time and Treasured Fruits would he need to make up for this gap?

Ling Han felt that he couldnt continue to stay in the imperial capital. Although he could buy many cultivation resources here, which could indeed speed up his cultivation, he lacked true natural treasures.

For example, could he buy the Source of All Poisons?

Hong Tianbu was clearly Grand Tutor Hongs grandson, so was he short of money? However, he had been exploring the outside world in search of opportunities. That was why he had attained the cultivation of Three Inscriptions at the age of 24-

There were a large number of ancient sites buried deep in this world, waiting to reappear. How many opportunities were hidden there?DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

As far as Ling Han knew, there were two such ancient sites, but with his current cultivation level, he was unable to enter them.

He used the optical computer to check for information and even put up a bounty to collect information on ancient sites. From there, he could find a suitable place for him to go to with his current cultivation level.

Someone really did answer him, and it wasnt just one person.

Intentionless Valley was the former site of a large sect. Currently, only the entrance and a small area nearby had been developed. There had been people at the peak of the Extreme Bone Tier who had barged in, but they had been killed by the restrictions there after a few steps. Not even a complete corpse had been found.

Uh, that wont do.

The Holy Fire Tomb, and it was unknown if it was really a tomb or if there was a force in ancient times that liked to live in a tomb. There were mechanical beasts here. General Vajra had once barged in, but he was beaten until he vomited blood by the first mechanical beast and had no choice but to retreat.

Ling Han scratched his head. This wouldnt do either.

There was also the White Flames Gorge, the Hundred Refinements Palace, the Silver Light Hall There were indeed many places, but none of them were suitable for Ling Han. This was because the places that were easy to explore had long been explored, and the remaining places were all dangerous areas.

To say nothing of Ling Han, even Hong Tianbu had to explore again and again. It would take several months, or even a year, to search through an entire ancient site, and this was even if the strength of the ancient site matched his abilities. There were some ancient sites which could kill him instantly if he entered.

Hong Tianbu had learned formations to explore ancient sites.

Ill master the Lightning Fist first. Ling Han began to practice his fist technique.

In this aspect, he had an unparalleled comprehension ability. In just half a day, he had already mastered this fist technique.

In terms of destructive power, the Lightning Fist cant compare to the Demonic Monkey Fists, but its superior in speed. At my level, it can play a very good role. Ling Han nodded. In his heart, he wanted to obtain a Lightning Spirit Diagram that could allow him to communicate with the high-level energy of Lightning and further increase the power of the Lightning Fist.

He channeled the energy of Metal to wrap around his fist. It was not that he could not activate the Lightning Fist, but its power was far from what he had imagined.

Since it was called the Lightning Fist and not the Golden Light Fist, it naturally

made sense.

Hmm?

A notification came from the optical computer. Ling Han opened it and saw that another person had answered his bounty question, but this time, it was a new message. It said that a new ancient site had recently been discovered, and it was suitable for a martial artist at Extreme Bone Tier to challenge.

Ling Hans heart stirred. After he transferred the money over, the other party sent over the detailed information of this ancient site.

The discovery of this ancient site was indeed very new. It was only half a month ago. It should have caused a commotion long ago, but first there was the Hunting Competition, and then the prince of the Demon Race entered the capital, which affected the commotion surrounding the discovery of a new ancient site.

After all, news of new ancient sites would be exposed from time to time. This wasnt anything new.

This ancient site should have belonged to a great sect in the past, but now it had become an empty ghost land. However, it was said that there were many plants growing there, and it was very likely that there was even a treasure tree. It was easy to imagine how a great force would occupy a few precious trees to nurture their sects disciples.

For example, the Imperial Family, the Four Great Generals, and so on. Ling Han didnt believe that they didnt have a Treasure Tree, and would definitely not sell the fruits after the tree had borne fruit.

This sect was called the Eternal Moon Sect, so this ancient site was also called the Eternal Moon Ancient Site.

Many people had already received the news. There were also many people at the Extreme Bone Tier who had already set off for that ancient site. They strived to enter that place as soon as possible. This way, their gains would be the greatest.

Ling Han also planned to go on his way. If he wanted to advance into the Fifth Change, he would have to obtain the Treasured Fruit of Life. This was definitely not for saleif someone were to sell it, it would probably be intercepted by the Four Great Generals and other forces at the first possible moment.

If he was to set off on a dangerous exploration, it would naturally be inconvenient to bring along the little handmaiden. However, the lecherous pig should be of some use, so Ling Han brought this little fat pig along.

The next day, Ling Han set off on his way. Although the lecherous pig was unwilling, how could it be a match for Ling Hans strength? It continuously let out cries like a pig being slaughtered, but it was still carried by Ling Han, who left in large strides.

Ling Han activated his movement technique. He now possessed twice the speed of sound, and was faster than any car.

In the past, if he was not in a hurry, he would take a cab. In any case, he could comprehend formations and study martial arts on the journey. Now that he was in a hurry, he could only go on foot.

In the future, it would be great if I could obtain a flying-type Spirit Tool, Ling Han thought to himself. Traveling like this was very taxing on him, and he could only maintain his high-speed state for about an hour. His entire body was extremely hot, and his skin was red. Heat could be seen surging up, as if he was being steamed.

He stopped, took out the honey from the Purple Wasps, and smeared it on his body. This could be eaten as well as consumed externally, especially after overexertion. The absorption effect was the best.bender

This was a form of cultivation.

Half an hour later, Ling Han stopped. His body had already recovered, and the honey of the Purple Wasps had also been consumed.

The lecherous pig rolled its eyes at him. He was actually naked in front of it. He was too shameless.

Ling Han laughed loudly, picked up the lecherous pig, and dashed off again. Another hour later, he stopped again and continued to recover and temper his body.

After three consecutive times, he finally felt extremely tired and entered the Essence Nurturing Gourd.

Just like that, four days later, he arrived at the Eternal Moon Ancient Site..