Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3355: Do You Remember What I Said to You?

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The characteristics of the Red-Furred Fruit were very obvious. The fruit had long and thick fur, making the fruit look especially big. It was comparable to an adults fist, but after peeling off the fur, the real fruit was only the size of a walnut.

This was a Treasured Fruit that could increase ones mystical power. Its effects were astonishing.

No wonder Hong Taichen had been so anxious. He clearly couldnt break the formation, but he still refused to leave.

Alright, he would give it a try.

Ling Han began to study the formation. This was not a killing formation, so he did not need to risk himself. However, the restrictions could not be broken by force, or else the Red-Furred Fruit Tree would be destroyed.

He observed and probed. After half an hour, he smiled.

It wasnt difficult.

He waved his hands and threw out three formation foundations.

Destructive Formation.

This could only take effect for three seconds, but for Ling Han, it was enough.

His movements were like lightning. Pa, pa, pa, the fruits on the tree immediately decreased rapidly. There were only seven of them, and all of them instantly fell into Ling Hans hands.

Success.

A smile appeared on Ling Hans face. This was what it meant for a horse to grow fat without extra rations. If he consumed these seven Red-Furred Fruits, he should not be far from the peak stage of Fourth Change. Otherwise, he would not be able to complete it without three to four months of hard cultivation.

The value of exploring these ancient ruins was really too high now. Look at how long he had been here, and he had already obtained such a harvest.

Ling Han searched the building once more. After confirming that there was nothing else valuable, he left.

Time was precious now, so Ling Han did not immediately ingest the

Red-Furred Fruit. Instead, he went to the next courtyard and continued his search.

Unfortunately, he did not get a sudden burst of luck. This time, he gained nothing.

Ling Han did not take it to heart. He believed that there would be more gains.

Buzz. He heard something.

Ling Hans first reaction was that someone had launched a sneak attack, and he hurriedly threw a punch over. However, when he turned around, he discovered that there was no one behind him.

Strange.

Weng, this sound came again, and this time, it was above Ling Hans head.

Ling Han did not raise his head. Instead, he spread out his divine sense.

Within the range of his divine sense, this was not much different from seeing it with his own eyes.

He immediately saw that it was actually a mosquito, but it was incomparably large, comparable to a fist. However, because he could only sense it with his divine sense, he was unable to describe the color of this mosquito.

What a big guy.Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

This was an existence at the Blood Transformation Tier, and Ling Han could sense that this mosquitos blood and Qi was extremely majestic.

Weng, the mosquito suddenly descended from the sky and attacked him. Its sharp sting stabbed towards his neck.

Ling Han shook his head, and it could not be seen that he had thrown a punch. A cold light flashed, and the mosquito was pierced through.

Pu, a flying sword pierced into a large tree in the distance with the mosquitos corpse.

With a thought from Ling Han, xiu, the flying sword immediately flew back.

That was how useful Spiritual Power was.

Although this mosquito couldnt withstand a single blow, Ling Han was still alarmed in his heart. Since the first Demonic Beast had appeared, there might be a second and a third, or even more.

Fortunately, mosquitoes did not come in groups. Otherwise, if hundreds or thousands of them rushed up together, even Ling Han would have a headache. He would have immediately hid in the Essence Nurturing Gourd.

Unfortunately, although this mosquito was huge, the liquid that flowed out was filled with a fishy smell. Ling Han had no interest in eating its flesh at all, so he naturally ignored its corpse.

He continued to search, and during this time, he encountered another Demonic Beast. It was a rat, but it was only in the Meridian Opening Tier, and he killed it with a single finger.

He searched continuously, and searched at least a hundred courtyards, but he did not find anything else.

He searched another courtyard. When he came out, he saw two people walking over.

Yi!

One was Hong Taichen, and the other was Fang Ziping.

Ling Han! Fang Ziping immediately humphed.

Hong Taichen, on the other hand, revealed a look of joy, and said, Ling Han, thank you.

For what? Ling Han said calmly.

Thank you for helping me crack the formation, Hong Taichen said very seriously. Alright, hand over the Red-Furred Fruit now!

Fang Ziping added, And the gourd!

Gourd? Hong Taichen was somewhat at a loss. He had indeed seen a small gourd tied to Ling Hans waist, but was that also a treasure?

Ling Han ignored Hong Taichen, and only stared at Fang Ziping. Do you still remember the last words I said to you that day?

Fang Ziping scoffed. Do I need to remember what a weakling like you said?

Ling Han was not angry, and instead said calmly, Ive said it before, if you dont apologize to my maid, then the next time we meet, Ill kill you! Hahaha! Fang Ziping laughed loudly. Im a Fifth Extreme elite, and youre just a mere Second Change.

Ling Han circulated his blood and Qi slightly, and a faint golden aura instantly rose from his body.

Fourth Change! Fang Ziping couldnt help but reveal a look of shock. It had only been a short while, and Ling Han had actually advanced another two minor cultivation levels. This sort of advancement speed was too unbelievable.

Ling Han took out the broken sword, and said, Today, I will collect the debt you owe me!

What a joke. So what if youve reached the Fourth Change? Fang Ziping said coldly. Im a Fifth Extreme. Not only am I a major tier higher than you, but Im also five minor levels higher!

How can you compare to me?

Xiu, Ling Han charged out, his blood and Qi boiling at the first moment.

He wanted to end the battle quickly and kill Fang Ziping with lightning speed.

Shua, a sword slashed across. The Sword Qi was simple and plain, but its power was terrifying.

Fang Ziping hurriedly drew his sword and parried Ling Hans attack.

He was extremely conceited, and did not boil his blood and Qi. No matter how he looked at it, Ling Han was no match for him, and there was simply no need for him to use such a powerful move.bender

Boom!

The Sword Qi collided with each other, creating terrifying waves. Dust rose from the ground, greatly affecting ones vision.

Fang Ziping, on the other hand, was confident of victory. After exchanging a blow with Ling Han, he discovered that Ling Hans strength had not even reached half of his, and this was under the condition that his blood and Qi were not boiling.

Power was the most important part of battle prowess. If he had a crushing advantage in power, then what else could Ling Han do?

Die! he said coldly. His sword slashed over, and was wrapped in high-level energy. He wanted to kill Ling Han in one go.

Previously, when they were in the imperial capital, he had no choice but to be cautious. At most, he could only forcefully seize the Essence Nurturing Gourd and beat Ling Han up. Otherwise, even Hong Tianbu would not be able to protect him.

However, it was different now. This was an ancient site. In an ancient site, battles were fought over treasures. So what if someone died?

Youre the one whos going to die! Ling Han said coldly. Lightning Fist blasted out. Xiu, xiu, xiu, xiu, one after another, streaks of force from his fists fell like meteors, crazily pouring towards Fang Ziping.

This speed was too fast, forcing Fang Ziping to defend with all his might. Otherwise, if he was hit, even he would suffer.

Damn, how could there be such a fast fist technique?

He complained in his heart.