Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3356: Kill

Translator: Henyee Translations | Editor: Henyee Translations

Fang Ziping was shocked. A Fourth Change Blood Transformation cultivator actually possessed such battle prowess, suppressing him, a Fifth Extreme elite, to the point where he was unable to retaliate!

It was as if he was looking at another Hong Tianbu.

No, he would never allow such a thing to happen!

Then, he would end Ling Hans life, and let this so-called second Hong Tianbu die prematurely.

With a loud roar, his blood and Qi boiled. Instantly, his strength rose to a terrifying level.

Die! He used his mystical power to protect himself, and charged straight at Ling Han.

His current strength was at least four times that of Ling Hans, so as long as he used his mystical power to protect himself, he could completely allow Ling Han to bombard him as he wished. In any case, it was impossible to break through his defenses.

As for him, as long as one of his punches hit, under the crushing power of more than 50 million kg , it was guaranteed that there would not even be a complete bone left of Ling Han.

Ling Han hurriedly dodged. Right now, Fang Ziping was like a bull from the primitive age, invulnerable to swords and spears, but it just so happened that it possessed boundless strength. If he was hit by it, he would only be crushed. Hahahaha, where can you run to? Fang Ziping laughed strangely. He would be able to personally kill a super freakish person soon, which gave him a perverted pleasure.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Kill him, quickly kill him! Hong Taichen chimed in. He desperately wanted the Red-Furred Fruit.

Treasured Fruits like these that were nurtured by nature could not only increase ones cultivation level, but also increase ones level of being. Thus if he ate a few more, he might be able to break through to the Extreme Bone Tier in one go.

From the Fifth Change of Blood Transformation Tier to the Extreme Bone Tier this was a huge leap. Not only would his abilities skyrocket, but it would also allow his status to rise, to a level that completely incomparable to how he used to be.

Ling Han had been enduring patiently the entire time. After dodging more than ten consecutive moves, he suddenly counterattacked.

Demonic Monkey Fists, 30 layers of power overlapped, Frequency Attack! He immediately activated his killing move. His fist was wrapped in golden light, and an ancient demonic monkey appeared. It bared its teeth, as if it could break through the sky and step into the netherworld. It was indescribably terrifying.

What! Fang Ziping was shocked. Was this punch really from a Fifth Change? Why did it feel like the sky was about to collapse and the ground was about to crack?bender

Boom, Fang Zipings Sword Qi immediately shattered. Even if he had four times the strength advantage, it was not enough in the face of this attack.

If it was another person, if it was only a Blood Transformation Tier, then this punch would be enough to turn this person into a rain of blood. However, Fang Ziping was a Fifth Extreme after all, and after all, he had a strength advantage of more than four times, so this punch could only make him stagger.

Haha, I have to admit that your ultimate move is indeed very powerful, but it can only reach this level! Fang Ziping laughed loudly, but before he could stop laughing, he revealed a shocked expression.

Pu, pu, pu, pu! His body trembled violently, and blood dripped down. Fang Ziping was at a loss. He knew that his back had been attacked, and a sharp weapon had pierced his heart and lungs, rapidly draining his life force. However, Ling Han was clearly right in front of him, so how could he possibly attack from behind?

Could it be Hong Taichen?

But firstly, Hong Taichen couldnt possibly attack him. Secondly, with his meager abilities, how could he possibly cause so much damage to him?

How pfft! He looked at Ling Han, confusion written all over his face He wanted to ask, but before he could finish speaking, he spat out a mouthful of blood.

If not for the fact that he was in the Extreme Bone Tier and had a strong vitality, he would have died long ago after suffering such a serious injury.

Ling Han smiled faintly. You want to ask, how did I injure you? With a thought, pu, three small swords flew out from Fang Zipings chest.

Fang Zipings expression changed drastically. So you can actually materialize your Spiritual power!

Using Spiritual Power to communicate with high-level energy, as long as one had mastered the Spirit Diagram, they could basically do this. However, he knew only one person that could materialize his Spiritual Power.

Hong Tianbu!

So, your death was not unjustified! Ling Han said calmly. He stared at Fang Zipmg. I ve said it before, if you didnt apologize that day, I would kill you! Fang Ziping revealed a miserable smile. At that time, Ling Hans warning had seemed like a joke to him, but he had never imagined that this would really cause a fatal disaster for him.

Dont be complacent. In front of Young Master, youre just a piece of trash, he said hatefully. Young Master will definitely avenge me! Definitely! Defi Peng, he fell to the ground. Fresh blood gushed out, instantly forming a pool of blood on the ground.

Ling Han stared at Fang Zipings corpse for a few seconds, then retracted his gaze. He was dead, and the grudge was gone. He turned his head, and looked towards Hong Taichen.

Hong Taichen couldnt help but shiver, a chill rising from the bottom of his heart.

The person in front of him was decisive in killing. Fang Ziping was a Fifth Extreme elite, but the other party had killed him without hesitation On the Other hand, he was only at the Fifth Change, and his abilities were so weak that the gap in power between them could not be measured by logic.

Spare me! He knelt on the ground. Although he still had a Talisman Weapon on him, he had no intention of throwing it out.

That was because this Talisman Weapon could only display the battle prowess of a First Extreme. It was not even enough to restrain Ling Han.

Puff!

Ling Han punched out, and Hong Taichen exploded.

If there were no survivors, who could prove that he was the one who did it?

So what if Hong Tianbu guessed that he was the culprit? Without evidence, Hong Tianbu wouldnt dare to attack him publicly.

Ling Han needed time.

Ling Han rose into the air and quietly left.

Coo! The lecherous pig looked at him, and his eyes actually saying you are quite ruthless, brat.

If you keep looking, Ill kill you, Ling Han said with a smile.

A look of contempt appeared on the lecherous pigs face. Although Lord Pigs battle prowess was weak five, his defense was boundless. Keep bragging.

Over the past two days, Ling Han had searched countless courtyards. If he went any higher, a huge wooden land would appear in front of him. From the outside, he could see that there were many fruit trees and strange plants inside, but most of the areas were abandoned, with weeds growing everywhere. Was this the Medicinal Garden of the Eternal Moon Cult?

Ling Han wanted to climb over the wall and enter, but he discovered that this Medicinal Garden was under the protection of a formation, forcefully blocking him off.        b

Could he tunnel through?

Ling Han gave it a try, but discovered that the protective area of the formation also included the ground. It was like an eggshell, enveloping the Medicinal Garden from the ground to the sky in all directions.

How do I get in?

Of course, Ling Han would not give up. He walked around the wall.

If it was back when the Eternal Moon Cult was still in power, then Ling Han definitely wouldnt have had any thoughts of getting lucky. However, after so many years, the formation would definitely have been damaged, especially after it was buried deep underground.

After all, what was the essence of formations?

It triggered the power of heaven and earth.

Large-scale formations not only had a huge requirement for the formation foundations, but also the positioning of the formation foundations.. Now that the Eternal Moon Ancient Site had been buried underground for so many years even if it had been unearthed, could its power still be maintained?