Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3357: A Flawed Corner

Translator: Henyee Translations | Editor: Henyee Translations

Ling Han believed that there was definitely a place in the Medicinal Garden where the defenses were weak, and perhaps even the walls at that area had collapsed.

He walked around the Medicinal Garden. This place was very big. After walking around for half a day, he had not even finished a half-circle around it. However, this formation was really impressive. After circling around until now, he did not notice any collapsed wall.

Its impossible, right?

According to historical records, this generation of civilization had flourished around 2,000 years ago. In that case, the destruction of the previous civilization should have exceeded 2,000 years. After so long,and being buried deep underground, there was still not the slightest bit of damage?

Ling Han did not give up, and continued to circle around. After a while, he was surprised to discover that a large group of people had gathered in front of him. Brother, what is your cultivation level? Seeing Ling Han walk over, someone immediately went up to him and asked.

It was a middle-aged man who looked ordinary.

What was going on? How could he ask about a persons cultivation level so directly?

Ling Han thought for a moment, but still slightly revealed his aura. In any case, his battle prowess far exceeded his cultivation level, so it didnt matter if others knew what his cultivation level was.

Fourth Change! The middle-aged man smiled. Good, good, good. This cultivation level is good enough.

He paused for a moment and said, My name is Xue Cheng, a Fifth Change cultivator. None of us are in the same group. Dont worry, I just found a gap here and want to gather everyones strength to blast it open.

Ling Han looked over, and sure enough, a corner of the wall here had fallen.

How about we work together? Xue Cheng invited eagerly.

Alright. Ling Han nodded.

He walked over and joined forces with everyone to bombard that gap. There was a loophole in the formation here, but it was not enough for anyone to pass through. However, although they bombarded it repeatedly, this loophole showed no signs of expanding.

We need more men, they said as they continued their bombardment.

He believed that more and more people would rush here. It was only a matter of time before this loophole expanded.Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

After a while, someone else came over.

This time, there were five people. Two of them was a man and woman who were much older, and the other three were young people. They were all men. Yi?

Ling Han discovered that those three young men were exactly the same people he had seen when he first came in. It was just that at that time, there had not been this older man and woman with them.

And this couple Ling Han recognized the man.

Yu Yi, the City Lord of fining City. When Huju City was breached, the first stop Ling Han brought Feng Ruoxian and Butler Mu to was fining City. They met Gu Xiangming there, and took a warship to the Imperial Capital.

Speaking of Gu Xiangming, Ling Han suddenly recalled how Chen Jingye and the others had been able to find him so accurately and besiege him during the Hunting Competition.

Ling Han would never believe that there was no one outside that was reporting information to them.

After thinking about it, Gu Xiangming was the only person in the Imperial Guards who had a grudge against him.

Yes, he would settle scores with him when he had the chance.

A series of thoughts flashed through his mind, but he did not step out to acknowledge Yu Yi.

He did not have much of a relationship with Yu Yi. Back then, Yu Yi did not come to visit him because of him. Now, even if he went out to greet him, he believed that Yu Yi would only treat him coldly.

There was no need to put on a warm front and stick to someone elses cold butt

Besides, Ling Han did not have any ulterior motives towards Yu Yi.

City Lord Yu! Someone recognized Yu Yi and immediately went forward to greet him.

City Lord?

Everyone was shocked when they heard that. City Lords of the Dark North Nation were all at the Extreme Bone Tier.

Instantly, everyones expressions became even more respectful. The people here were all in the Blood Transformation Tier. To say nothing of the fact that they were far from being a match for him in a one-on-one fight, even if they swarmed him, they would still be defeated one by one. This was because Yu Yi had been famous for many years, and had definitely already reached the Fifth Extreme.

Yu Yi smiled. He looked amiable and did not put on airs, but in fact, did not pay any regard to any of them. It was obvious that he did not take anyone seriously. Apart from Yu Yi, the identities of the other four were quickly revealed.

The woman was Yu Yis wife, Hu Yuemei. The other three were his sons, Yu Dong, Yu Shan, and Yu Hai.

Unlike Yu Yi, his three sons were all incomparably proud. The eldest was in the Blood Transformation Tier, after all, but the two younger ones were clearly in the Meridian Opening Tier, yet they had expressions that declared they looked down on everyone, and considered everyone unworthy of their notice.

Indeed, in Jinmg City, the three of them could do whatever they wanted. Now that they were outside the city, they still did not know how to restrain themselves.

After being worshipped for a long time, Yu Yi finally said, Alright, move aside and wait for me to break this gap.

Alright, its up to you, City Lord Yu.

Its all up to City Lord Yu.

Everyone chimed in.

Yu Yi was very proud. He strode to the broken part of the wall and began to accumulate power.

In any case, this was not an enemy he was facing. He could completely adjust his condition to its peak before attacking.

However, Ling Han was not optimistic, because he had also used his full strength just now. Although his strength was indeed inferior to a Fifth Extreme, with so many people, the power released was definitely not weaker than a Fifth Extreme.

Therefore, even if there was a loophole in the formation, it was not something that a Fifth Extreme could penetrate.

He kept comparing and looking for flaws to see if he could suppress it with the Destructive Formation.

Ha! Yu Yi roared and launched an attack.

This attack was very powerful. Although Yu Yis blood and Qi was not boiling yet, it was still very terrifying.

Boom!

The attack hit the wall, causing ripples, but the wall itself was unharmed.

Awkward.

Yu Yis face instantly flushed red. He had been praised so highly that even he had thought that he would be able to break the formation with a single strike. Who would have thought that this would be the result?

Everyone was speechless. Some even covered their mouths and laughed secretly. If not for the fact that they were wary about Yu Yis strength, they would probably be laughing outright now.

Hehe, its fine, its fine. The strength of this formation is too great. Its no wonder City Lord Yu cant break it. Someone hurriedly tried to smooth things over.

Thats right. Perhaps only an Inscription Tier elite can break it.

Yu Yi couldnt help it. He immediately boiled his blood and Qi to increase his power.

He roared and struck again.

Peng!bender

The power of this attack had at least doubled, but it still had no effect on the wall.

Peng, peng, peng! Yu Yi attacked repeatedly, but the outcome did not change at all.

No one spoke again. It was awkward to say anything now.

Ling Han walked out. He had been watching for so long, and had finally figured out something.

If this formation was complete, then with Ling Hans current level of formations, it would be useless even if he could see some openings. However, it was different now. A corner of it had revealed a flaw, giving Ling Han a chance.

Brat, why did you step forward? Yu Dong immediately shouted.

Do you want to add insult to injury? Yu Shan added.

Who do you think you are? Yu Hai spat.

Ling Han was astounded. Yu Yi knew how to conduct himself very well. How did he give birth to these three good-for-nothings?

Yi, you are? Yu Yi looked at Ling Han, and felt that this person looked a little familiar.