Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3358: Entering the Medicinal Garden

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Although Yu Yi had met Ling Han once, how could he possibly take Ling Han, who was still in the Meridian Opening Realm at that time, seriously?

Furthermore, he had not gone there specifically to see Ling Han, so he naturally would not take Ling Han, a mere passerby at the time to him, seriously.

However, he was in the Extreme Bone Tier after all, and his memory was stronger than that of ordinary people. He kept feeling that Ling Han seemed familiar.

Ling Han smiled slightly, and said, City Lord Yu, long time no see.

Hearing Ling Han say this, Yu Yi was naturally even more certain that he had met Ling Han before. However, Ling Han didnt explain it clearly, so he still couldnt remember.bender

Forget it, he might just be a junior from some family, and had previously followed an elder to greet him, so that may be why he looked a little familiar, but left no strong impression on him.

Yu Yi was instantly displeased, because Ling Hans tone was as if he was greeting someone of the same generation. It was not the attitude that a junior should have.

It was very rude.

How dare you speak to my father like this? Yu Shan immediately shouted.

Shaner, stand down. Yu Yi called out softly. Under everyones gaze, he was too embarrassed to lower himself to the level of a junior.

Yes, Father. Yu Shan hurriedly retreated.

Shaner didnt do anything wrong. Why are you blaming him? Hu Yuemei was unhappy. She doted on her son very much, so she naturally couldnt bear to see Yu Yi reprimand her son. This unruly kid should be taught a lesson.

Yu Yi was a little embarrassed. He was indeed a little afraid of his wife, but he was a little angry when his wife said that in public.

However, Ling Han paid no attention to them. With a shake of his right hand, three formation foundations were already thrown out, instantly blocking the power of heaven and earth.

He swung his right hand again and threw the fat pig out.Expplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

Coo! As the lecherous pig screamed, it had already flown through the gap in the wall and into the Medicinal Garden.

Everyone was stunned for a moment before their eyes immediately burned with passion.

The formation was broken.

Xiu, without any hesitation, Ling Han leaped into the Medicinal Garden.

This Destructive Formation could not last long. Once he confirmed that he had opened the passageway and was safe, he would naturally enter immediately. In any case, he had prepared many formation foundations for the Destructive Formation. He would throw them out when he wanted to come out.

Xiu, xiu, xiu! Those who reacted quickly had already jumped in.

Yu Yis reaction was also very fast. Shua, shua, shua! He threw his three sons in first, then jumped in hand in hand with Hu Yuemei.

He was a Fifth Extreme. Who could compete with him? The people in front of him were instantly sent flying.

Ling Han took a look, and said leisurely, If they dont want to die, the people behind you shouldnt come in.

No one paid attention to him. This was the Medicinal Garden, and its value was astonishing. Who wouldnt want to get a share of it?

Thats right, the people behind dont come in! Yu Shan sneered. The more people came in, the more competitors there naturally would be.

Anyone who dares to enter again will be killed without mercy! Yu Dong shouted.

However, the people outside were still squeezing in. Yu Yi was an Extreme Bone Tier elite, but what were these three people?

Ling Han shook his head. He had asked others not to enter not because he wanted to monopolize this place, but because he saw that the formation foundations of the Destructive Formation were about to be destroyed.

Ah! someone screamed. Half of his body had just rushed in when he was suddenly cut into two!

Peng, peng! The people behind couldnt stop in time and were all repelled back. Fortunately, they were only forced back and werent injured.

The Destructive Formation had been destroyed and the grest formation had been restored. That unlucky fellow happened to encounter it halfway through, so he could only be cut in half.

Everyone looked at Ling Han, and only then did they understand the meaning behind Ling Hans previous words. It wasnt that Ling Han was petty, but that this was too dangerous.

So young friend is also a Formation Master. Yu Yi smiled politely.

There were formations everywhere in the ancient sites. Thus, if a Formation Master could join in, then both the safety and the probability of obtaining treasures would be greatly increased. Moreover, they would also have to rely on Ling Han when they left.

Come with me. I wont let you miss out on any gains, he said again.

Hurry up and thank my father! Yu Hai hurriedly said. My father is a Fifth Extreme elite, the number one elite in lining City. With him protecting you, you will definitely be safe here.

Ling Han smiled slightly, and said, Then I should really thank City Lord Yu.

Of course, quickly kneel down and kowtow! Yu Shan said. He was extremely displeased with Ling Han. Previously, he had been berated by Yu Yi because of Ling Han, and now that this brat had actually managed to get close to his father, he naturally had to furiously make his presence known.

Even if you have gotten my fathers backing, it is useless. This is my father. If I ask you to kowtow, you have to kowtow.

Ling Han shook his head. Comparatively speaking, although there was no lack of second-generation young masters in the Imperial Capital, they were not as domineering as Yu Dong and Yu Shan.

He smiled and said, My bones are relatively tough and I cant kneel down, so I can only decline the City Lords good intentions. He emphasized on the good intentions, which naturally denied that it was really good intentions.

Hmph, dont fail to appreciate my fathers kindness! Yu Dong immediately shouted. My father is the City Lord of lining City and an Extreme Bone Tier elite. You actually dare to reject my fathers good intentions. Arent you being too arrogant?

Dont think that just because youre a Formation Master, you can look down on everything! Yu Hai added.

I advise you to reconsider! Yu Shan said sarcastically.

Ling Han couldnt help but shake his head. This kind of second-generation young masters was still fine in lining City. In any case, no one dared to provoke them. However, they were still so arrogant outside of lining City. Wasnt this attracting the haters to Yu Yi?

However, thinking about it again, only Inscription Tier elites could defeat Yu Yi, and how many such elites were there in the Dark North Nation?

No wonder the three of them did not restrain themselves at all.

City Lord Yu? Ling Han looked at Yu Yi.

Yu Yi looked at Ling Han, and suddenly remembered, and said, Youre Ruoxians friend!

When he first saw Ling Han, he was actually full of suspicion, because Ling Han was only in the Meridian Opening Tier at that time, so it was naturally impossible for him to break out of Huju City alone, and thought that he must have been brought out by Feng Ruoxian.

Previously, he had always thought that Ling Han was a pretty boy who had charmed Feng Ruoxian, which was why he hadnt been given up even in such a dangerous situation. He had also found it strange. Hadnt he heard that Feng Zisheng had always wanted to marry his daughter into the royal family?

But now, he knew that Ling Han was actually a Formation Master, and his attainments were not shallow, which was why he was valued by Feng Ruoxian. Young friend, although youre a Formation Master and have an extraordinary status, in this ancient site, danger lurks everywhere. Demonic Beasts wont care if youre a Formation Master or not. Yu Yi smiled and said, So, its better for you to come with me.

Since he knew that Ling Han was a Formation Master, he naturally could not let Ling Han leave. This ancient site had not been explored yet, and with the help of a Formation Master, it would reduce a lot of danger, and he could also enter into some places that were originally off-limits to him.

He had already made up his mind. If Ling Han continued to reject him, then he would use forceful methods to force Ling Han to obey.

Ling Han sighed. Look, he was already very polite. Why was there always someone who didnt know what was good for them?

Yu Yi, you have gone too far!