Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3359: Ruthless

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Yu Yi, you have gone too far.

The moment these words were spoken, everyone was stunned.

Who was Yu Yi? He was the City Lord of Jining City, a Fifth Extreme elite. How could a small fry like him call him by his name?

This was courting death.

I-Impudent! Yu Shan immediately shouted.

Hu Yuemei said disdainfully, Old Yu, take a look. Who is this? He is too uneducated!

Do you think youre so great just because youre a Formation Master? Yu Hai jumped out. He had already learned from Yu Yi that Ling Han was only in the Meridian Opening Tier, so he was naturally not afraid at all.

Quickly kneel down and apologize! Yu Shan also jumped out. It was rare that his opponent was only in the Meridian Opening Tier, so he naturally had to seize the opportunity to show off, and directly threw a punch at Ling Han.

Ling Han stretched out his hand, and pa, Yu Shans wrist was grabbed by him. Ah, it hurts, it hurts! Yu Shan immediately screamed.

Little animal, let go! Hu Yuemeis heart ached for her son and she immediately shouted.

Ling Han naturally wouldnt listen. His anger had already risen.

This was truly a case of a kind person would be easily bullied. If he had displayed the cultivation of Blood Transformation Tier or even the battle prowess of Extreme Bone Tier right from the start, would these three brothers still dare to shout at him?

Since he had attacked, he had no intention of showing mercy.

Let go? Ling Han humphed. Im a High Level Formation Master, and a mere Meridian Opening Tier actually dared to take the initiative to attack me. This is treason, and according to the law, the punishment is death!

Bullsh*t. If a little beast like you can be a High Level Formation Master, then Im the emperor! Hu Yuemei spoke without thinking. Dont think that you can pretend to be a High Level Formation Master just because you cracked a formation. You were just lucky. Moreover, the formation hasnt really been broken!

Ling Han ignored her, and merely exerted a little force with his five fingers.

Ah Yu Shan screamed again.

Let go! Yu Hai roared and swung his fist.

Ling Han stretched out his hand lightly, and Yu Hais wrist also fell into the palm of his hand.

Ah! Yu Hai also screamed incessantly. One screamed in a high voice and the other screamed at a lower voice. They echoed each other as if they were singing a duet.

Damn it! Yu Dong couldnt sit still any longer. His two younger brothers had made a fool of themselves in public, and he couldnt hold it in any longer. He immediately leaped out and charged towards Ling Han.

He was in the Blood Transformation Tier, and his strength was worlds apart from his two younger brothers.

Hong, he sent a heavy kick over, directly aiming for Ling Hans head.

Ling Hans eyes turned cold, and he also kicked out to meet Yu Dongs attack.

Oh no! Yu Yi exclaimed. He wanted to move, but it was already too late.

Pa!

However, Ling Hans kick arrived first. It landed on Yu Dongs calf, and the crisp sound of bones breaking rang out. Yu Dongs left calf instantly bent into a terrifying arc.

Yu Dong fell to the ground and screamed, hugging his broken leg.

It hurt. It hurt to the core.

Ling Hans hands shook, and he threw Yu Shan and Yu Hai out. Then, he said calmly, Do you want to die? Fine, Ill fulfill your wish!

B@stard, little animal! Hu Yuemei was about to cry. Her three sons had all been injured by this little villain in front of her, causing her to hate Ling Han to the bone.

She also rushed out. Hong, her blood and Qi surged, and she sent a palm strike towards Ling Han.

Back then, she was the daughter of a wealthy family. Yu Yi only married her because he coveted her familys power. Hence, even when Yu Yi had become stronger and his position had become higher, he was still a little afraid of her. She was used to being a local tyrant. Now, someone actually dared to bully her sons in front of her, and all three of them at once, so how could she tolerate this?

Die!

Hong, she delivered a palm strike. The momentum was shocking.

She was a Fifth Change cultivator, and had reached this cultivation level over twenty years ago, but had never been able to break through to the Extreme Bone Tier. However, her battle prowess was much stronger than an ordinary Fifth Change.

Ling Han glanced at Yu Yi, who had no intention of stopping her.

His killing intent surged as he punched out.

Peng!

Hu Yuemei was immediately sent flying. She hurriedly got up and wanted to continue charging forward, but she felt a sharp pain in her chest. She looked down and was horrified.

There was a hole in her chest, and she could clearly see the scene behind her through this hole.

Me?

Pa, before she could think of anything, her body went limp and she fell to the ground, no longer breathing.

Everyone was astounded. Firstly, it was Ling Hans strength. Secondly, it was his courage. He actually dared to kill someone in front of Yu Yi.

Mother! Yu Dong and his brothers cried out in surprise. They would never have thought that their protective mother would die in such a short period of time.bender

Boom! A terrifying aura surged from Yu Yis body. His expression was extremely strange as it kept changing.

Seeing his wife being killed on the spot, he actually had mixed feelings.

He was a little sad. After all, this was his wife, but he was also a little happy and glad. This was because Hu Yuemei was extremely jealous in nature and had never let him take a concubine. Now that this fierce woman was dead, who could stop him from looking for young beauties?

Of course, his wife had been killed in front of everyone, right in front of him. He had to kill Ling Han, or else how could he face others in the future?

How dare you! Yu Yi said balefully, but the way he looked at Ling Han was filled with perplexity.Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

He was certain that when he first met Ling Han, the latter was definitely in the Meridian Opening Tier. But now, less than half a year had passed, so how could the latter already possess the strength to kill Hu Yuemei?

Could it be that this brat was in the Extreme Bone Tier?

That was impossible, to have crossed two levels in such a short period of time. Even that freakish genius in the capital was not so exaggerated.

It was precisely because he had such scruples that he did not attack immediately.

Ling Han, on the other hand, said calmly, City Lord Yu, your family has humiliated and bullied me several times, and I am not allowed to resist?

How dare you kill in front of me? You must pay with your blood! Yu Yi took a deep breath and took out a rusty knife. There were some strange patterns on it, but they were already worn.

This was a Spirit Tool, which showed how seriously Yu Yi took Ling Han. He directly used his strongest killing weapon.

It couldnt be helped. He had just boiled his blood and Qi, so he didnt have any methods to get a burst in power for the time being.

Ling Han spread out his hands, and said, Since thats the case, bring it on.

Yu Yis right hand shook, and the patterns on the short knife instantly glowed. Boom, the knife emitted a terrifying murderous aura, as if a ferocious beast had suddenly awakened.

Shua! He swung his saber, and instantly, a saber Qi slashed towards Ling Han.

Ling Han raised his fist and punched out. Peng, this saber Qi instantly disintegrated, but under the tremendous force, he still slid back quite a distance.

The disparity in power was a fundamental weakness, and it was even more obvious in a direct confrontation.

First Extreme? Yu Yi frowned, and then shook his head. Ling Hans power should not have reached the First Extreme, yet it far surpassed the Fifth Change. It was very strange..