Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3360: Defeat a Fifth Extreme

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee TranslationsExpplôre 𝒖ptod𝒂te stories at no/𝒗el//bin(.)c𝒐m

No matter how strange Yu Yi felt it was and how shocked Yu Yi was, it was impossible for him to stop now.

The grudge of killing his wife was irreconcilable.

No matter how much he hated this wife of his, and had even thought of hiring someone to kill her, he couldnt allow her to be killed in front of him and everyone else.

If he did not take revenge, would he still be able to sit on the position of the City Lord of Jining City?

If he couldnt even protect his wife, how could he be expected to protect a big city?

Xiu, he leaped out, swinging the knife at Ling Han.

He had an absolute advantage in terms of strength. With his rich combat experience, he naturally had to greatly increase this advantage.

Ling Han smiled faintly. Did he think that just because he had great power, he would definitely be able to win?

Come, lets try the Lightning Fist.

He leaped backward and began to swing his fists.

Peng, peng, peng, peng, peng! Instantly, the sky was filled with fist imprints. As they broke through the speed of sound, they materialized and bombarded towards Yu Yi.

F*ck!

Yu Yi couldnt help but grit his teeth. This was too terrifying.

He hurriedly brandished his knife to defend himself. Pu, pu, pu, pu, the saber qi swept past, and the fist imprints were disintegrated. In terms of power, he indeed had the absolute upper hand, but Ling Hans advantage was that his attack speed was fast enough. It was so fast that if one shattered a fist imprint, he could strike out another two or even three.

Even Yu Yi could not withstand it and had no choice but to retreat.

Eh?

Everyones jaws dropped. What was going on?

Ling Han casually threw a punch at Yu Dong.

How fast was the Lightning Fist?

Pu, Yu Dong was immediately blown up and turned into a rain of blood.

Ah! Yu Yi immediately let out a howl like a wounded lone wolf. His wife had died, but he was not moved at all. Anyway, he had no feelings for her, only hatred. However, his son was his flesh and blood. He was definitely his biological son.

The reason why these three sons developed such a habit of arrogance was actually because of his pampering.

Hu Yuemeis death didnt make him angry, nor did he explode. But now that his son was dead, he finally exploded in anger.

Little animal, die! He came with his knife, carrying endless killing intent.

Ling Han humphed, and threw another punch at Yu Shan.

No! Yu Yi hurriedly changed his course and leaped towards Yu Shan. Compared to killing Ling Han to take revenge, it was naturally more important to protect Yu Shans life.

However, how could his attack speed compare to the Lightning Fist?

Bang! Yu Shan also turned into a rain of blood.

You! You! You! Yu Yis entire body trembled. He wanted to kill. He wanted to kill Ling Han.

Ling Han smiled faintly, and looked towards Yu Hai.

Being stared at by him, Yu Hai could not help but tremble. He felt his legs go weak and he could not stand anymore.

Pa, his legs went weak and he fell to his knees.

Dont kill me! Please dont kill me! He actually cried in public.

Although his Fifth Extreme father was present, Yu Hai did not feel any sense of security. Hadnt he seen how Yu Dong and Yu Shan died? And his mother!

The person opposite him was not a human, but a demon!

Yu Yi was so angry that he almost killed Yu Hai with his own hands. However, when he thought that this was his last son, he forcefully suppressed this killing intent.

His sons cowardly behavior made him angry and ashamed.

And the main culprit was naturally Ling Han.

However, he was afraid that Ling Han would kill Yu Hai, so he did not dare to take the initiative to attack at all.

Ling Han smiled faintly, and leaped forwards, charging towards Yu Yi.

He did not have so much time to waste with the other party. There were still many Treasured Fruits waiting for him to pick.

Demonic Monkey Fists, Frequency Attack, 30 overlapping layers of power.

Ling Han used his strongest battle prowess, wanting to end the battle quickly.

Youre courting death! Yu Yi sneered. He didnt dare to take the initiative to attack because he was afraid that Ling Han would kill Yu Hai, but now that Ling Han had charged forward, it naturally resolved his worries.

Shua, he swung his knife over.

Ling Hans blood and Qi boiled. Hong, a faint golden aura rose from his body, and his power instantly skyrocketed.

What? Fourth Change! Yu Yi was shocked. When Ling Han boiled his blood and Qi, his aura had leaked out, so it was naturally impossible for him to hide his cultivation level. However, it was precisely because of this that Yu Yi was so shocked that his eyeballs were about to pop out.

A mere Fourth Change could actually contend with him?

So what if I am a Fourth Change? Ling Han said with a smile. He extracted the energy of Stone and wrapped it around his fist, and his fist collided with the short blade.bender

Peng, peng, peng, peng! After more than ten punches, Yu Yi felt that his hands were trembling, and he felt that he could not hold the knife steadily.

How is this possible?

He was a Fifth Extreme. A Fifth Extreme was actually inferior to a Fourth Change in a direct confrontation?

He couldnt help but think of that heaven-defying freakish genius in the imperial capital. It was said that he was heaven-defyingly strong, and even if there was a gap of a major cultivation level, he was still able to crush all his opponents.

He had only heard of this freakish person, but the young man in front of him, who was fighting against him, clearly displayed such terrifying battle prowess.

It turned out that there really were prodigies in this world.

He couldnt help but sigh in his heart. Why didnt he ask his three sons to restrain themselves and not be so arrogant? Otherwise, they wouldnt have provoked Ling Han, and two of them had died because of that. He could only blame himself for being greedy. Seeing that Ling Han was a Formation Master, he had wanted to make use of his abilities, and in the end, they had become enemies.

However, there was no cure for regret. The only thing he could do now was to kill Ling Han and avenge his wife and sons.

Ling Han unleashed a huge burst of power. His left hand extracted the energy of Stone to defend, while his right hand extracted the energy of Metal to strengthen his attack. Under this crazy bombardment, Yu Yi instantly couldnt take it anymore.

Why was high-level energy called high-level?

It was because it was extremely powerful and its level far exceeded mystical power.

If one wanted to use his mystical power to resist high-level energy, he needed to surpass it by many times in terms of power.

Yu Yis power was indeed stronger than Ling Hans, but after Ling Hans blood and Qi erupted, how much of an advantage did he have?

Under the bombardment of the 30 layers of power of the Demonic Monkey Fists, Yu Yi was already having a hard time, not to mention the Frequency Attack and high-level energy.

Peng!

The short knife in Yu Yis hand flew away, and Ling Hans fist also smashed over heavily, directly aiming for his face.

He barely managed to block it with his hands, but he felt a sharp pain in his bones. They must have been broken.

At this moment, Yu Yi no longer had any wishful thinking. This young man was a monster like Hong Tianbu, and he could be invincible even with the difference of a cultivation level.

He leaped up, wanting to grab his last son and escape.

Humph! Ling Han sneered, and switched to the Lightning Fist.

Peng, peng, peng! Countless fist imprints exploded with golden energy, blasting towards Yu Yi.

Yu Yi couldnt completely neutralize such an attack even if he defended with all his might. How could he dodge it now?

He was immediately hit and punched a few times. The high-level energy easily tore through his defense and dealt a heavy blow to him.

Bang! Yu Yi fell to the ground. His body was covered in multiple fractures and fresh blood. Where was the might of a Fifth Extreme elite?

Everyone was shocked speechless. Who would believe that a Fourth Change could defeat a Fifth Extreme?

Ling Han looked at Yu Hai, who simply rolled his eyes and fainted from fright..