Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3361: So What If I Kill You?

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Hahahaha, do you dare to kill me? Yu Yi laughed. Just this laugh caused blood to spurt out of his mouth.

Im a City Lord of the Dark North Nation. If you kill me, its no different from treason! He continued to vomit blood and smile. There are so many witnesses here. Are you planning to kill them to keep their silence?

As soon as he said this, everyone couldnt help but take a few steps back.

Its useless even if you kill them. There are still many people outside! Yu Yi coughed. Could it be that you can kill everyone in the world? You dont have to worry about that. Ling Han punched out, killing Yu Yi.

If he had scruples, he wouldnt kill him?

Heh, he had already recorded the scenes of the five members of the Yu family humiliating him repeatedly. With such evidence, he was completely in the right-

How could a High Level Formation Master and High Level alchemist be humiliated so easily?

As for the battle with Yu Yi, uh, casualties were unavoidable in the battle, and Yu Yi wholeheartedly wanted to avenge his wife and sons. Every move he made was ruthless, and if Ling Han did not kill him, he would be the one to die.

Of course, Ling Han would definitely be punished for killing a City Lord of the

Majestic Empire, but it would definitely not be too severe.

He threw another punch and insta-killed Yu Hai.

The surrounding people were all trembling. Would this lord really kill them to silence them?

Ling Han smiled calmly, and said, If you dont provoke me, I naturally wont kill you.

Everyone hurriedly nodded, but their faces were filled with disbelief.

Big Brother, I suddenly have something to do. Why dont you open this formation? Ill leave first, someone said.Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Ah, yes, yes, yes. I have something on too. Ill leave first. Someone immediately chimed in.

If there was one, there would be two. Everyone expressed that they had urgent matters to deal with and requested him to open the formation to let them out. Ling Han knew that these people were still afraid that he would silence them. He smiled and threw out the Destructive Formation to open another gap. Everyone rushed out like thirsty horses rushing to take a drink of spring water. In just a short while, everyone had run away, and no one had entered from outside.

This was naturally because they were frightened. Ling Hans battle prowess was too terrifying, and he was clearly invincible in the Extreme Bone Tier. Who would dare to snatch Treasured Fruits from him?

Peng, the formation foundations of the Destructive Formation could not withstand the power of the protective formation and quickly collapsed.

Ling Han turned around. He did not care what others thought. Finding Treasured Fruits was more important. Furthermore, he was not the only Formation Master in the world. Perhaps someone would soon bring a Formation Master over and break the formation to enter?

He had to hurry.

The Medicinal Garden was shockingly huge. It could be imagined that this Eternal Moon Cult must have been extremely powerful back then, planting countless precious trees and nurturing batch after batch of powerful disciples.

But now, there were only weeds left in most of the area.

Ling Han searched for a while, and discovered the first Treasure Tree.

Blood Moon Silver Scale Fruit.

This tree was very tall, about 30 feet tall. However, the fruits on it were pitifully few, only a mere nine.

Ling Han took a look. Most of the nine fruits had yet to ripen, or else he would be able to smell the alluring fragrance of the fruits just from standing at the foot of the tree.

Should he stay or not?

Ling Han thought for a moment, but still climbed up the tree and plucked the nine fruits.

Leaving them behind would only benefit others. He might as well pick them for himself. Although the medicinal effect would be much weaker, they could still bring him some benefits.

He began to search again, but this time, his luck was really bad. Although he found a few more Treasure Trees, the fruits they produced were not ripe yet. They were incomparably unripe, and it might take another two to three years for them to mature.

Half a day later, he finally gained something.

He picked four ripe Glazed Flame Lotuses. Just like the Red-Furred Fruit, they could also increase ones cultivation.

In that case, after breaking through to Fifth Change, he would be able to reach the end of Fifth Change very quickly.

Ling Hans goal was naturally not only Fifth Change, but rather Sixth Change, allowing his level of being to break through the limit.

He continued searching and gradually arrived at the central area of the Medicinal Garden.bender

Coo! The fat pig let out a dissatisfied cry. You b@stard, are you trying to starve me to death?

Glutton, cant you be a little more promising? Ling Han said with a smile.

The fat pig wagged its little tail. It had never thought of gluttony as a weakness.

Alright, alright, alright. Lets eat first. Ling Han took out the ingredients and began to cook.

Speaking of which, he was also a little hungry. After the man and pig had their fill, the lecherous pig immediately fell asleep and even let out a loud snore.

Ling Han sighed. Being able to eat and sleep, he was indeed a pig. He carried the pig away. After walking for a while, he saw a house in front of him.

It occupied a large area and there were formation patterns on the wall.

Eh, this Medicinal Garden was protected by a formation to begin with, so why was there a formation on this house as well?

Could it be that there was a rare Great Herb hidden inside?

Ling Han couldnt help but feel excited. The path of martial arts was long, and the Mystery Realm and Core Formation Tiers might not be the end. Moreover, the Treasured Fruits he had now were all targeted at Blood Transformation and Extreme Bone Tier cultivators. Logically speaking, there would definitely be higher-level Treasured Fruits.

Would it be in here?

just a single fruit was enough to cause an earth-shattering change in his level of being?

He began to break the formation, but this was a killing formation. Just by sensing it with his Spiritual Power, Ling Han felt a strong chill.

Dangerous. Incomparably dangerous.

Well, the lecherous pig was finally useful.

Ling Han swung his right hand, and xiu, the lecherous pig flew out. The formation was activated, and a sword light immediately slashed at the lecherous pig. Pu, the Sword Qi slashed firmly, but the lecherous pigs defense was also so strong that it made people speechless. This sword light did not cause any damage.

-Coo! The lecherous pig woke up. Its four hooves danced wildly, about to fall. Peng the lecherous pig fell on all fours, while the formation was continuously activated, slashing towards the lecherous pig. Xiu, xiu, xiu, sword light was blazing, dancing in the skies.

Meanwhile, Ling Han was watching intently. He was observing the formation. Although the fat pig was not afraid of attacks, it was clearly uncomfortable being attacked by the sword light. It moved its short legs with difficulty and tried its best to run out, but with a sweep of the sword light, it was sent flying.

Poor baby. No, poor pig.

Ling Han silently mourned in his heart, but observed even more carefully. Formations only borrowed the power of heaven and earth, so there was no formation that could not be broken.

However, to break the formation, one would have to undergo risks. Who else would be willing to take the risk for you?

However, the lecherous pig perfectly played this role. It was impenetrable by swords and spears, and its defense was unbreakable. It could completely activate the power of the formation, allowing Ling Han to observe it in detail. A few minutes later, he revealed a shocked expression. If he had tried it himself, he would have died hundreds of times by now.

Well, it really had been wise for him to bring the lecherous pig out this time. At least ten minutes later, the lecherous pig finally crawled out, grunting at Ling Han, wishing it could swallow him alive.

Dont be angry. In any case, your skin is thick, and your flesh is thick. Itll be fine, Ling Han said with a smile. At most, Ill treat you to delicious food tonight!

The fat pig wanted to act tough, but it could not help but drool. It sadly realized that being too gluttonous was not a good thing. It could not even manage to stay angry..