Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3363: Eldest Baby

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Father! The little girl was very insistent.

Ling Han sighed. Forget it, this was just a form of address. There was no need to be too concerned about it.

What is this, Calabash Brothers? he complained.

Yi, Father, how did you know? The little girl tilted her head and looked at Ling Han with an expression that said, Youre so smart.

If it wasnt the Calabash Brothers who popped out of the calabashes, then what was it?

Ling Han then looked at the other six gourds, and couldnt help but grind his teeth. Could it be that all of them contained children like this? Did all of them still have to call him daddy?

However, this little kid was fat and lively. She was really likable.

Are those all your younger brothers and sisters up there? he asked. This was because when the message had been sent to him through divine sense previously, there had been more than one voice.

Father is so smart, the little girl praised.

Alright, he had been praised by a little kid.

Ling Han looked at this child, and asked, Do you have a name?

These Calabash Brothers had yet to be born, but they could already communicate with him with their Spiritual Power. How powerful would they be when they grew up?

As expected of a natural Treasured Fruit.bender

However, this was the first time he had heard that an actual human could be planted from a Treasured Fruit.

Yes, Im Eldest Baby, the little girl said in a childish voice.

Ling Han couldnt help but sweat, and said, Then it cant be Second Baby, Third Baby, Fourth Baby, and all the way to Seventh Baby, right?

Yi, Father, youre really too smart. No wonder you can be our Father. Eldest Baby praised Ling Han again.

Uh, he was praised by a little kid again.

Ling Han sighed. He seemed to be getting worse and worse.

He looked at the fair child and suddenly became curious. What abilities do you have?

Eldest Baby stretched out her arms and showed her muscles. Father, Im very strong!

Ling Han couldnt help but laugh loudly. For such a little radish head to make such a pose and say such words in such a tone, he couldnt help but laugh.

Coo! The fat pig slowly crawled over. It peeked at Eldest Baby with a strange look in its eyes.

Eldest Baby turned around and her eyes lit up. She drooled. Father, can we eat roasted suckling pig later?

Wait, wait, wait. This development was too fast.

Shouldnt you start with milk?

However, if she really had to drink milk, Ling Han would definitely be put in a very difficult position. Where could he go to squeeze milk?

The lecherous pig was furious. Why did everyone want to eat roasted suckling Pig?

Roast your sister! Roast your sister!

It was full of tolerance for beauties, but it was obviously impossible for a girl who had just been born to provoke its tender care. It immediately retorted with a glare from its eyes and even snorted.

Fun! Eldest Baby picked up the fat pig.

Although she was not much bigger than the fat pig, she was quite strong. It was not a burden for her to carry the pig.

Ling Han clicked his tongue in wonder. As expected of a child born from a Treasured Fruit. She could communicate with Spiritual Power even before she was born, and she knew how to speak as soon as she was born. Shecould crawl everywhere, and her strength was quite considerable.

However, she was a girl after all. It was not good to always be naked. Ling Han plucked a leaf from the gourd and tied it to the little kids body, using it as a dudou.

He began to prepare the food, while Eldest Baby and the fat pig moved closer, their mouths watering.

How useless.

After he finished cooking, the two of them and the pig started eating.

Even though Eldest Baby was small, her appetite was not the slightest bit indiscernible. Her appetite was not any smaller than Ling Hans appetite, and this made Ling Han couldnt help but worry. If all seven Calabash Brothers were like this, would they drive him to poverty with their appetites?

Sigh, he sighed. It was indeed not easy to be a nanny.

After eating, Ling Han decided to go to other places in the orchard to take a look.

There was a formation protecting this place, and Ling Han believed that the chances of a second person barging in were not high, because an existence like the fat pig could be said to be one of a kind. Since that was the case, how could others have so many chances to test out the formation?

He sandwiched the fat pig and Eldest Baby in his arms and walked out on a unique course. Naturally, he also used the Destructive Formation. Fortunately, there was enough left. He did not have to worry about being trapped in this Medicinal Garden.

After walking for about two hours, he finally found something.

A short plant appeared in front of him. It was no taller than half the height of an average human and had a dense coverage of leaves. There were light purple fruits in the leaves.

This was the Long Rainbow Fruit.

A look of surprise appeared on Ling Hans face. The Long Rainbow Fruit was a life-type Treasured Fruit. If he wanted to break through to the Fifth Change or Sixth Change, he would need such a thing.

In fact, it was not only the Blood Transformation Tier, but also the Extreme Bone Tier. Every time, they would need such Fruits of Life to replenish or recover the consumption of their life force, because the increase in cultivation level was essentially an increase in level of being, so it naturally required a large amount of life force to be consumed. This was not something that could be replenished with mystical power.

Lucky, lucky, and a total of seventeen Long Rainbow Fruits had already ripened.Th.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

He hurriedly picked them and stored them in the Essence Nurturing Gourd. Father, you actually like such low-level Fruits of Life? Eldest Baby said from the side, her little face full of disdain.

Ling Han chuckled. If anyone was willing to use such a low-level Fruit of Life to smash him, he wouldnt mind.

Yi, theres another gourd. Eldest Baby was a little careless. Only now did she realize that there was still a gourd tied to Ling Hans waist, and she couldnt help but be filled with curiosity. She came over and asked, Hey, who are you? This was the Essence Nurturing Gourd. It would not split open for a child to jump out of it. Naturally, it would not answer her.

Eldest Baby tilted her head, full of confusion. Why was this brother or sister ignoring her?

Yi, Long Rainbow Fruit! A voice filled with pleasant surprise rang out as three youngsters walked out together.

Ling Han was slightly surprised, and looked towards the three of them. There was definitely a Formation Master among them, or else it would be impossible for them to enter.

The three of them naturally also saw Ling Han and the other two, and all of them revealed expressions of surprise.

This combination was really too strange. Other than Ling Han, who was considered normal, there was a child who looked to be only two or three years old could not even afford clothes. She used leaves to form a dudou, and the other was a pig. Other than being a little fat and cute, there was nothing else special about him.

Why did he bring these two burdens with him when he was exploring an ancient site?

You sure know how to play.

Hmph, hand over the Long Rainbow Fruits! Immediately, a young man shouted at Ling Han. Although he didnt see Ling Han pick the fruits, he could clearly see that it was definitely Ling Han who had done it.

Why should I? Ling Han asked with a smile.

Because we are stronger than you. That youngster said. He was dressed in yellow, and his expression was extremely arrogant.

Piao Xing, dont waste your breath on him. Lets just take him down and beat him up. Hell naturally behave, said a young man in green.

The last young man in white didnt say anything, but he had a proud expression.

-Alright, lets capture him and beat him up first, said the yellow-robed Piao Xing as he rolled up his sleeves.

How dare you? Do you want to beat up my father? Eldest Baby was immediately enraged. With a flutter of her short legs, she rushed towards Piao

Xing.