Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3364: The Baby Shows Her Might

Translator: Henyee Translations ( Editor: Henyee Translations

Eldest Baby charged out, and iher speed was ridiculously fast. Even Ling Han had not expected it; he would be unable to catch her even if he wanted to. BANG!

A mushroom cloud appeared behind Eldest Baby, followed by a sonic boom. At this moment, the child had already arrived in front of Piao Xing. She raised her fair and tender fist and smashed it over.

Even Ling Han did not expect Eldest Babys explosive power to be so terrifying, let alone those three people.

Indeed, who would have thought that a child would be so powerful?

Piao Xing seemed to be dumbfounded. Eldest Baby punched him in the face and sent him flying.

The heads of the green-robed and white-robed men followed Piao Xings receding figure. They watched helplessly as he knocked down several large trees before collapsing.

Hiss, this should be very painful.

Sigh, you still want to beat up my father with such meager abilities? Youre so weak! Eldest Baby shook her head with a disdainful expression.

Ling Han was astonished. Eldest Babys speed just now had definitely reached twice the speed of sound.

This baby was actually an existence in the Extreme Bone Tier?

Ling Han was shocked. He knew that Eldest Baby was born and raised by heaven and earth, and had many extraordinary qualities, but to be in the Extreme Bone Tier upon birth, wasnt this a little too exaggerated?

He himself could be considered born from heaven and earth. He was born from the Divine Stone, but hadnt he started as a mortal?bender

This was too unfair.

What the hell! The man in white and the man in green looked at each other in shock.

This was too shocking and unimaginable.

A child was actually an Extreme Bone Tier elite?

They must be dreaming!

The two of you arent good people either! Eldest Baby stared at the man in green and the man in white. She clenched her fists and revealed an eager expression, looking very excited.

Ling Han finally understood. In the name of helping him vent his anger, this girl actually wanted to fight for fun.

The man in white snorted and waved his hands. Instantly, formation foundations appeared on the ground.

Formation Master.

Ling Hans gaze swept across the area, and then he shook his head. This white-robed man had set up the Seven Wolves Killing Formation, which was considered Middle Level.

To be able to set up a Middle Level formation at such a young age was actually very difficult, but against an Extreme Bone Tier, this formation was not enough.

After the formation was set up, the green-robed man felt much more assured. With the formations assistance, his confidence increased greatly.

Im coming! Eldest Baby called out excitedly, then rushed over. Peng, her body accelerated, charging towards the formation.

Peng, she arrived in an instant. Her entire person was like a monstrous beast from the primitive ages, and the entire formation was instantly shattered.

The white=-robed man and green-robed man were shocked, but before they could regain their senses, Eldest Baby threw another punch. Peng, the white-robed person was immediately sent flying. She raised her small white fist again. Peng, the green-robed person was also sent flying.

Violent!

There was no need to reason. She would just use the most violent methods and crush her opponents directly.

Eldest Baby seemed to have gotten excited from the fight. She turned around and fixed her gaze on Ling Han, as if she also wanted to fight Ling Han.

This little violent maniac.

Ling Han gritted his teeth. The other six wouldnt be like this, right?

It was terrifying to think about it. The seven children looked harmless and cute. However, when they rushed out, they were filled with killing intent and violence.

No, he had to educate her properly in the future. She could not be so violent.

Eldest Baby, lets go. Ling Han waved with a smile.

Alright, Father. Eldest Baby returned to her porcelain doll appearance. She was so chubby and adorable.

Even the fat pig was shaking his head and grumbling. Who knew how many people would be deceived by this childs appearance in the future?

Ling Han didnt target Piao Xing and the other two anymore. Since these three didnt intend to kill and rob him, he naturally wouldnt kill them all. However he still searched the three of them, but there was no Treasured Fruit, which disappointed him greatly.

Poor b@stards, he said, and with the baby in one arm and the pig in the other, he stalked away.

Piao Xing and company were so embarrassed that they wanted to die. As victims, they had been robbed and despised for being poor. No one humiliated people like this!

Ling Han continued to search for Treasured Fruits. He had seen from the outside that the Treasured Fruits here were not just the few that he had harvested.

Eldest Baby, did you already learn how to cultivate in the gourd? he asked curiously.

Eldest Baby blinked and said, When I was in the gourd, I had been sleeping. I only woke up from time to time recently.

F*ck, her abilities were innate. She was already so awesome even without cultivating?

Ling Han was envious and jealous. Why couldnt he bring his own Heavenly Venerable Tier cultivation level when he had come out of the Divine Stone?

Then how do you know how to talk? he asked again.

Eldest Baby tilted her head, a strange look on her face. I was born with it.

Ling Hans heart clenched. Eldest Babys expression made it seem as if she was looking at a retard.

Ling Han didnt want to ask anymore. This was too much of a blow, but his curiosity quickly returned, and he asked again, Then do you have any bloodline inheritances that allow you to grasp any wondrous techniques from birth?

No. Eldest Baby shook her head.

Ling Han heaved a sigh of relief. He had finally found some sense of balance.

However, we dont need to cultivate. As long as we grow up, our power will increase, and our mystical power will form on their own. This is because our level of being far exceeds Fathers, Eldest Baby said, mercilessly attacking Ling Han.

p***l

Ling Han was speechless again. They were born with a level of being that could crush all living beings, so as long as their bodies grew, their power would form on its own, and Mystical Powers would come naturally. There was no need for them to cultivate at all!

How could there be such a good thing?

Dont you think its too unfair?

Ling Han knew that the essence of cultivation was to increase ones level of being, but if someone was born in the Enlightenment Tier or even the Core Formation Tier, would there still be a need to cultivate? Even if they ate, drank and slept, they would naturally be able to reach the Enlightenment Tier or even the Core Formation Tier.

Sigh, forget it. I wont compete anymore. I dont want to die of anger.

After walking around for a long time, Ling Han finally gained something However, the Treasured Fruit he picked was not ripe yet, so he naturally couldnt avoid being looked down upon by Eldest Baby again.

One day later, Ling Han returned to the house of the gourds, because Eldest

Baby had said that Second Baby was about to be born.

There was clearly no wind, but the six gourds kept shaking. The orange gourd shook the most intensely. After reaching a certain extent, it broke away from the vine and fell heavily to the ground.

Second Baby! Eldest Baby called out.

Peng, the gourd broke open, and a chubby baby jumped out.

Eldest Baby! She greeted her, and the two children immediately hugged each other.

Another girl.

Ling Han sighed. These seven children couldnt all be female, right?

Father! After Second Baby and Eldest Baby had hugged enough, they immediately jumped into Ling Hans arms, begging for a hug.

Ling Hans heart stirred, and he asked, Eldest Baby, just how strong are you?

Previously, he had asked Eldest Baby what specialty she had, and Eldest Baby had only said that she had great strength. At that time, Ling Han had not taken it to heart, but now, he did not think so.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

Hehe, Father, why dont you give it a try! Eldest Baby smiled slyly..