Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3367: The Sleepy Seventh Baby

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Father, I want a hug!

Father, I want a hug too!

Fourth Baby and Fifth Baby hugged Ling Hans legs from either side, and raised their heads as they spoke.

Childish, Third Baby said coldly, but turned around and hugged Ling Hans neck. At this moment, she was in Ling Hans arms.

Third, come down quickly! Fourth Baby shouted.

Yes, come down. Fifth Baby also shouted.

Third Baby was proud and couldnt be bothered to answer.

Pul Fourth Baby opened its mouth, and a rocket immediately flew towards

Third Baby.

Fifth Baby followed suit. It opened its mouth and spat out a water arrow.

Ling Han hurriedly leaped into the air. It seemed that it wasnt just Eldest Baby who had violent tendencies. These two children werent any better; they actually really attacked.

Third Baby turned around and chuckled at Fourth Baby and Fifth Baby. She didnt say anything, but her disdain was obvious.

Ling Han couldnt help but sigh. They were all on the same side, so could you not be so proud?

There was no need to ask. Fourth Baby was good at using fire, while Fifth Baby was good at using water. They naturally could extract high-level fire and water energy. Their destructive power was astonishing.

These two babies were like conjoined twins. Their actions were completely synchronized. One was clearly fire and the other was water, but there was no sign of the natural discord of fire and water. It was really a miracle.

In another two days, Sixth Baby would be born.

However, when the gourd split open, Ling Han did not see anything.

Father. But a voice came.

You can turn invisible? Ling Han immediately understood.

Light flashed, and a blurry figure appeared in front of him, but he couldnt see

it clearly.

Yes, Father, Sixth Baby said. I cant use spatial energy perfectly yet, so I cant control my manifestation.

Ling Han stretched out his hand to touch it. The strange thing was that Sixth Baby was not invisible through divine sense or sight. Instead, it really seemed as if it was in another space, and could not be touched at all.

A thought struck him. Can you walk through the walls of this house? he asked.

Sure, Sixth Baby said. The blurry figure flashed and disappeared when it reached the wall. After a while, the figure appeared again.

This was awesome.

Ling Han couldnt help but be tempted. With Sixth Baby, wouldnt it be a simple matter to walk towards any treasures in the ancient sites in the future?

Father, there are limits to the places I can pass through. If the power of the formation is too strong, or if the materials themselves are too strong, I wont be able to pass through, Sixth Baby added.

Ling Han was a little disappointed, but for Sixth Baby to be able to pass through this formation was already extremely impressive. It was enough to deal with the formation that had appeared today.

He began to look forward to Seventh Baby. The first six children each had powerful abilities. What special abilities did Seventh Baby have?

However, Seventh Baby was born much later than he had expected. Ling Han had already pushed his mystical power to the peak stage of Fifth Change, but the seventh gourd still hung firmly on the vine, showing no signs of falling.

Old Seventh is asleep again! Second Baby said. She had an eye technique that could see through the gourd.

Hey, hey, hey, Old Seventh, stop sleeping. Its time to be born! Eldest Baby shouted, acting like the boss.

The corners of Ling Hans mouth twitched again. These seven babies really had their own unique characteristics. Some were violent, some were maths idiots, some were cold, and some were sleepy. Could this really be born from a single gourd vine?

He began to suspect what kind of vine this gourd vine was. Was there such a thing?

After shouting for a long time, the last gourd shook slightly, as if Seventh Baby had woken up. However, in just a moment, the gourd stopped moving.

Asleep again, Second Baby said helplessly after taking a look.

What a sleeper! Eldest Baby shouted. Her violent tendencies were about to flare up again.

Take her off. She can come out whenever she wants, Third Baby said proudly.

Yes. The other children nodded.

Eh, didnt they say that they couldnt be plucked?

Old Seventh is already ripe. Shes just too lazy to be born, so it wont affect her if she is plucked, Second Baby explained.

That works too!

Ling Han was speechless. He plucked the gourd, and a thought flashed through his mind, but, he was surprised because he could not put it into the Essence Nurturing Gourd.

He had tried it before. The other children could enter.

Entering a spatial Spirit Tool requires the will of the recipient to not resist. Although Old Seventh is in a deep sleep, she has the consciousness to defend herself, so its impossible to put her in, Second Baby explained.

Ling Han looked over, and his expression was a little strange. Are you sure its just clairvoyance and X-Ray vision, and you cant see through other peoples thoughts?

He didnt ask the first two questions. How had she known?

Because Im smart! Second Baby said proudly.

Her ability to read expressions and deduce was indeed impressive, but why was her ability to count so weak?

Dont you think its odd?

Ling Han cursed madly.

Alright, then lets leave, he said. There was no point in complaining. He should hurry back to the Imperial Capital. He was tired of staying here.

Because Seventh Baby could not be stowed into the Essence Nurturing Gourd, Ling Han could only carry it on his back. This was much bigger than the Essence Nurturing Gourd, and it covered his whole back. In addition, there was still the proud Third Baby hanging from the front of his chest and hugging his neck, and there were still Fourth Baby and the Fifth Baby hanging on his two legs, which made him look really strange.

With a creak, Ling Han opened the door.

Outside.

Seven major forces were working together to crack the formation. They also had seven Formation Masters researching it, but they did not have a strong pathfinder like the lecherous pig. They could only catch some Demonic Beasts and throw them in.

Because all Demonic Beasts could only be killed in one strike, each Demonic Beast could only be tested once, so their progress was extremely slow.

I think we should throw this, this, this into the Destructive Formation, a Formation Master said loudly.

No, no, no. You are completely wrong. Another Formation Master immediately shook his head, expressing a different opinion.

The seven Formation Masters were divided into two factions, fighting until their faces turned red.

Dont you need to mediate? A blue-robed young man smiled. His smile was a little evil.

-Its good to have an argument. It means that theres progress and passion. Otherwise, a pool of stagnant water would be finished. Beside him was a man in green who looked to be almost thirty years old.

Sigh, when will this formation be broken? Im getting impatient from waiting. Another young man stretched.

Have some patience. The longer you stay, the greater the harvest. The fourth youngster said.DiiScôver 𝒏𝒆w stori𝒆s on no/𝒗/e()/lbin(.)com

You can leave if you cant afford to wait! The fifth young man was very cold.

There were a total of seven young people, but all of their identities were very shocking. This was because they were the descendants of the few older princes of the Dark North Nation. They could not be called princes anymore, but kings. Some of them were not even qualified to be kings, but marquises.bender

Although they were all surnamed Chen, the princes were fighting openly and covertly to inherit the throne. The younger generation naturally were incompatible as well. If it was not to break the formation, they would definitely not join forces.

However, at this moment, the door of the house opened with a creak.

Everyone turned around, and suddenly saw the appearance of Ling Han with three children hanging on his body and a large purple gourd on his back.

What the hell is this?

In an instant, the entire venue fell silent..