Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3368: The Children Explode Together

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee TranslationsTh.ê most uptodat𝓮 n𝒐vels are published on n(0)velbj)n(.)co/m

This scene was abnormally strange.

Who would have thought that the door protected by the formation would open and a person would run out? Moreover, it was fine if a person had appeared, but why was it so strange?

They had never heard of anyone bringing a child to an ancient site. Moreover, there were three of them.

Puff!

However, everyone quickly realized that they were wrong because there were actually two children behind this man.

In fact, there were three of them, but no one could see Sixth Baby.

What was going on? What was going on?

One person brought five children into an ancient site where danger lurks everywhere. What kind of brain did he have?

No, no, no. Did he have a brain?

After this thought flashed through their minds, everyone thought of another problem.

Why did this guy come out from inside?

No one would believe that he had already been here in the first place. How old was he?

Even Inscription Tier cultivators only had a maximum lifespan of about 500 years, and how long had this ancient site been buried? It should have been over 2,000 years, right? Who could live that long?

Therefore, this person should have entered before them.

Formation Grandmaster.

Everyone came to a consensus. The seven Middle Level Formation Masters had joined forces and failed to crack this formation after more than ten days. It could be seen how big the difference was.

An outstanding alchemist and Formation Master was an extremely powerful support. They could even transform the strength of a faction.

Instantly, the eyes of every Duke and Marquis lit up.

How should I address you, sir? Chen Kaiyu was the first to ask. He had a smile on his face and seemed very polite. He quickly added, Im Chen Kaiyu, the seventh son of the Fourth Prince.

Im Chen Wudong. My ancestor is the Second Prince. Another person said.

The seven noble sons of the royal family all introduced themselves, extending an olive branch to Ling Han.

Why were they so keen?

One of the reasons was that Ling Han was a High Level Formation Master. In addition, he had clearly obtained the items in that room, so if they recruited Ling Han as their subordinate, obtaining the treasures would naturally be a piece of cake.

What battle prowess could a Formation Master have?

Ling Han smiled faintly, and said, Make way, make way.

He did not intend to have too deep an interaction with any prince, let alone sons and grandsons of the princes.

This attitude made the seven imperial grandsons very dissatisfied. Who were they? Being able to lower themselves to greet you was already giving them enough face, but you were really putting on airs.

Hand over what you obtained inside and you can leave, Chen Xueming said.

He was too lazy to waste his breath.

Ling Han chuckled, and said, Sure, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven. Coincidentally, each of you can bring a child back.

Father, why dont you want us! the invisible Sixth Baby immediately shouted. Father, dont abandon us! Fourth Baby and Fifth Baby hurriedly grabbed Ling Hans thigh tightly.

Eldest Baby, on the other hand, was filled with killing intent. Its fine. As long as we kill all these guys, Father wont be able to send us away!

Thats right! The children were all in high spirits. Even the proud Third Babys eyes lit up.

Your comprehension ability is very problematic!

Ling Han sighed. He was clearly just joking.

You actually dare to tease us? Chen Kaiyu snorted.

Those who disrespect the royal family will be killed without mercy! Chen Wudong said coldly.

Lets capture him first and see what treasures he has obtained. After all, were family, Chen Xueming said.

Alright! Everyone nodded.

On the other side, Eldest Baby and the others were also rubbing their fists.

None of the six children were obedient.

Charge! On the other hand, they were the first to attack. On the surface, five little children attacked Chen Xueming and the others.

Chen Xueming and the others naturally did not care. It would be strange if they took the five children to heart.

There was no need for them to do anything. Naturally, there were guards who stepped out to stop the children.

BANG!

Eldest Baby knocked someone over with a punch, while Second Babys eyes spewed out lightning. Her opponent was instantly sent flying. The proud Third Baby was not cold at all during the battle. Instead, she crashed into his opponent with her small body.

She was like a ferocious beast from the Primitive Age. With a collision, her opponent was sent flying.

Fourth Baby spat fire and Fifth Baby spat water, instantly sending two more flying.

Ah! Sixth Baby attacked without anyone noticing. Her opponent was taken off guard. He screamed and collapsed.

This!

Seeing this scene, the seven imperial grandsons widened their eyes and their mouths widened to an exaggerated extent.

What the hell? They were just five babies. How could they be so fierce?

Spitting fire, water, and electricity. It was simply a dream. High-level energy! After all, they were members of the royal family. They reacted immediately. Breathing out water and fire was not a strange power, but rather that they could communicate with high-level energy.

However, it was too exaggerated. These five were clearly children. How could they cultivate such powerful Spiritual Power? Moreover, they had to have an incomparably high-level Spirit Diagram to be able to communicate with such terrifying high-level energy.

Charge! Eldest Brother was at the frontline. She communicated with high-level energy, and her entire body was enveloped in a layer of black energy, making her look bigger.

Peng, her terrifying speed was almost three times the speed of sound. No one could stop her and they were all sent flying by her.bender

Strong Chino, Violent Child.

The seven noble descendants of the imperial princes hurriedly attacked. They naturally did not want to be sent flying by a child.

However, Eldest Baby was too fierce in her explosive state. She was extremely strong and indestructible. The seven noble descendants were quickly beaten up.

Eldest, leave some for us! Second Baby and the others rushed up and started beating him up.

In just two to three minutes, the ground was covered with people.

Fortunately, Ling Han had given the order beforehand. Fighting was fine, but they could not kill. He could not possibly let these childrens hands be covered in blood, right? Thus, not a single one of them died, and all of them just lay there groaning.

Goodbye, everyone, Ling Han said with a smile. He grabbed the piglet and left.

After leaving the Medicinal Garden, there was nothing else worth exploring in this ancient site. They were all old residences. Second Baby had already used her secular technique to sweep through these buildings. They were very clean and there werent any valuable things left behind.

According to Second Baby, the tables, chairs, and cabinets were all very neatly placed. It was unlikely that they had been rummaged through, but rather that the Eternal Moon Cult had left on their own accord.

As Ling Han walked, he wondered what had happened at that time, and why the Eternal Moon Cult had collectively migrated?

The civilization of the previous generation had suddenly broken down, so it was very likely that many martial arts forces had also suddenly left overnight.

Weird, really weird.

Ling Han brought the children back. Although they were young, each of them had cultivation equivalent to the Extreme Bone Tier, and did not hold Ling Han back at all.

Several days later, Ling Han returned to the Imperial Capital.

When the optical computer approached the imperial capital, it was connected to the Internet again. Ling Han also found out about the current situation.

The prince of the Demon Race had returned in defeat, causing a huge commotion in the Yue Empire. This time, they had sent out another diplomatic mission, specifically requesting a battle with Ling Han and Hong Tianbu..