Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3369: Perfecting the Formation

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Previously, the Demon Race envoy wanted the Dark North Nation to become their subordinate nation and from then on, they would submit to the Yue Empire and become subordinates of the Demon Race.

They came aggressively. The prince in the lead had reached Enlightenment

Tier. He thought that he could sweep through the Dark North Nation, but in the end? Before Chen Fengyan could even appear, the Demon Race was already beaten up and left the capital in a sorry state.

And now they are making a comeback?

After suffering a loss once, the Demon Race definitely knew how powerful Ling

Han, and especially Hong Tianbu, was. Then, if they sent more people they would definitely be more difficult to deal with than the last time.

Ling Han was unafraid. As long as their cultivation levels were equal, he was confident that he would be invincible. Moreover, he was already at the peak stage of the Fifth Change, and was only a step away from the Extreme Bone Tier. If he could advance to the Sixth Change, he believed that he would be able to contend against even the first level of Inscription Tier, or even defeat them in fact.

If the Demon Race was here to show off their strength, would they have the nerve to send someone two cultivation levels higher than him?

What significance would a victory like that have?

Moreover, the Dark North Nation wouldnt allow such a thing to happen. After all, the earliest batch of princes like the Seventh Prince had already advanced into the Enlightenment Tier. Perhaps there were even stronger existences, but they just hadnt revealed themselves.

He quietly returned to the academy. He did not expect Niu Huaqing to have been waiting for him for a long time.

Brat, where did you go? the old geezer complained. However, when he saw a group of children following behind Ling Han, he could not help but be dumbfounded. What was going on?

You have obtained five daughters from just a single trip outside?

Ling Han chuckled, and asked, What is it?

Niu Huaqing shook his head and told himself not to worry about those children. Ive perfected the 33 Layered Vajra Formation!

What 33 Layered? Oh!

Ling Han recalled that back then, Niu Huaqing had fought with General Vajra over a woman. In the end, he had been no match for General Vajra, and left the Imperial Capital after sustaining heavy injuries. However, he had always remembered this enmity.

Therefore, the old geezer created the 33 Layered Vajra Formation to suppress General Vajra and prove that Formation Masters were not inferior to cultivators of the same level.

The old geezer was quite vengeful. Look, his formation was specially named with the word Vajra. It was obvious that he wanted the name of General Vajra to go down in infamy.

Ling Han nodded, and said, Congratulations, then.

Congratulations my a*s. Youre going to learn it soon. Then, suppress that Iron Lump for me! Niu Huaqing said excitedly.

Old man, how can you talk to Father like that? Be careful or Ill beat you up!

Eldest Baby snorted, clearly dissatisfied.

Yes, yes! Fourth Baby and Fifth Baby quickly agreed.

These five babies were so cute that they could melt peoples hearts. Even Niu Huaqing was no exception. He bent down and revealed what he thought was the gentlest smile. My name is Niu Huaqing. Im your fathers elder. -You have shifty eyes. Its obvious that youre not a good person, Third Baby commented proudly. She decisively turned her face away and did not look at the old geezer.

Beat him up! The violent Eldest Baby was always looking for an opportunity to fight. How could she miss it? With a shout, she immediately rushed forward.

Aiyo! Niu Huaqing screamed as he was pushed down by the four children. Actually, there were five of them. Sixth Baby had gone invisible, while Third Baby disdained to attack.

Ling Han chuckled as he mediated the fight, allowing the six children to take Seventh Baby indoors and settle down first. Then, he helped the old geezer up, and said, Old Niu, lets learn formations.

Poor Niu Huaqing. Although he was a grandmaster-level Formation Master back then, the battle with General Vajra had directly injured his divine sense. His own battle prowess was only in the Extreme Bone Tier, so how could he be a match for the five children?

He gritted his teeth and bared them. His face was still in shock and filled with confusion.

He was actually beaten up by five children!

He believed that if he told anyone about this, everyone would think that he was joking.bender

Babies could also beat up an Extreme Bone Tier?

Why dont you say pigs can fly?

Because even he did not believe it, he did not come back to his senses for a long time.

It wasnt until Ling Han called out a few times that he came to his senses and taught Ling Han the 33 Layered Vajra Formation.Rêađ lat𝒆st ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/v/𝒆/l(b)i𝒏(.)c𝒐m

This was only an Inscription Tier-level formation. With Ling Hans comprehension ability and his current strength of Spiritual power, learning it was not difficult.

It was only two hours later, and Ling Han had already mastered it.

You brat, could it be that your Spiritual Power already reached the grandmaster level? Niu Huaqing was shocked. He only knew that Ling Han had become a High Level Formation Master, but he did not expect that after such a short period of time, this brat had made great progress again.

Ling Han smiled slightly, and said, If I dont level up fast enough, how can I avenge you?

Thats true. Niu Huaqing nodded.

Old geezer Niu had already left the Imperial Capital a long time ago. This time, he had also returned quietly, not wanting to alert anyone. Thus, he did not have any connections that he could use. The materials needed to make the formation foundations needed to be found by Ling Han himself.

Setting up an Inscription Tier-level formation couldnt be done with ordinary formation foundations. The materials had to be passable, and this required large amounts of money.

Fortunately, Ling Han did not lack money.

Although he was not in the capital, Xuanyuan Dingguo was still helping him to earn money, and the share was calculated once every week.

Ling Han looked at his assets, and revealed a smile. It was enough for him to squander.

Since he had learned the 33 Layered Vajra Formation, he might as well create the Precipice Formation as well.

Back then, he had obtained first place in the formations competition. The reward was a formation called Precipice, which could be engraved on clothes to form an extremely strong defense.

Previously, he wasnt qualified to figure it out. Now that his Spiritual Power had improved greatly, he believed that it was enough.

He went to study this formation and quickly discovered that the Precipice Formation was many times more advanced than the Vajra Formation. He could only comprehend one or two parts of the profundity, but unlike other formations, just one or two parts of the understanding was enough for him to set up the Precipice Formation.

It was just that the effect would be much weaker.

Well, he could also look for High Level materials and create the Precipice Formation. This could greatly increase his defense.

The night passed, and when the sun rose, Ling Han began to cultivate in the courtyard as usual. The six Calabash Brothers also got up one after another, imitating him and sitting cross-legged in the courtyard with him.

They did not cultivate. They were just fooling around.

Childish. Third Baby always had an arrogant look on her face. She sat beside Ling Han, and turned around to express her disdain towards her sisters. Half an hour later, Ling Han finished cultivating. Looking at the artificial rocks, flowers, and plants that had already been shattered, burnt, and frozen in the courtyard, he couldnt help but sigh. It seemed like he should move to a bigger place to live.

Yes, he had to immediately resolve this matter. Otherwise, the small courtyard would be demolished by those energetic little fellows tomorrow.

Before Ling Han could leave, Lian Xuerong arrived.

Banner Lord Lian. Ling Han invited him in.

After so many days, coupled with the academys large amount of cultivation resources, Lian Xuerongs cultivation level had increased very quickly, already reaching the peak stage of Fifth Change, and she was currently accumulating comprehension in order to break through to the Extreme Bone Tier in one go. Lian Xuerong nodded. After entering the courtyard, her alluring red lips couldnt help but part slightly.

Whats going on? Has your house been attacked by thieves?