Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3370: Demon Race Sniper

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh! Small heads poked out from the living room doorway and curiously sized up Lian Xuerong.

Is this Mother?

Big boobs!

Nice ass!

Eh, does Father like this type?

The six children were talking at once, but of course, only five of them could be

seen.bender

Lian Xuerong was stunned. Didnt you go out for an adventure? Why did you suddenly bring back five babies? Youre too fast!

However, these five children were really exquisite and cute. Even with her cold arrogance, she liked them from the bottom of her heart.

Except when did she become Ling Hans wife?

Moreover, these girls were too precocious. What big boobs and nice ass? Could this be said it in front of her?

Even Ling Han felt a little awkward. These little girls really didnt hold back their words.

Ling Han laughed loudly, and said, Banner Lord Lian, theres no need to care about the childish words of a few brats.

Of course, Lian Xuerong wouldnt care. Otherwise, she would feel uncomfortable too.

However, she suddenly thought that if these five little girls were really her and Ling Hans children pfft, pfft, pfft, pfft. She hurriedly shook her head. What was wrong with her, to actually think this way! Moreover, it was five of them.

Could she handle it?

Banner Lord Lian, whats wrong with you? Ling Han asked. Why did this cold and elegant Banner Lords face suddenly turn red, becoming as beautiful as peach and plum blossoms? Even he was slightly aroused.

Sigh, his dao foundation was unstable. Otherwise, how could he become like this after not getting intimate to women for less than a year?

Lian Xuerong hurriedly chased away the wild thoughts in her mind with images of that handsome figure in fluttering white robes in her heart. It was just that this had always been very effective, but now it was not very effective.

Her heart was still rippling.

Cough! She coughed lightly and said, Im warning you. The Demon Race has been wanting to find you. Dont appear.

Oh? Ling Hans interest was piqued. He indeed wanted to know more about the Demon Races envoy this time, but he hadnt had the chance to see Xuanyuan Dingguo yet, so he didnt have the chance to ask.

What elites are there from the Demon Race this time? he asked.

Lian Xuerong thought for a moment and said, Its said that the Demon Race envoy is led by the Fourth Prince this time. Hes also at the Enlightenment Tier, but he hasnt made any move. Instead, he mainly pushed out two people to the forefront.

The first is Yuwen Hou. Hes at the Inscription Tier and is said to be one of the strongest prodigies of the Demon Race. This time, hes specially here to snipe Hong Tianbu.

Ling Han was astounded. Didnt the Demon Race all take their race as their surname? Why would an anomaly suddenly appear now?

Yuwen?

What race was that?

Of course, Lian Xuerong didnt know what he was complaining about. She continued, The Demon Race wants to prove that they are more outstanding than the Human Race, so they want to defeat Hong Tianbu in a battle of the

same level.

Ling Han nodded. Then he believed that this Yuwen Hou definitely had the strength of the Enlightenment Tier. Otherwise, he would be sending himself to his death.

The second one is here to snipe you. Hes called Young Master Cat, Lian

Xuerong added.

Young Master Cat? What kind of name was that?

Hes at the Extreme Bone Tier, Lian Xuerong said. Thats why Im here to advise you not to be impulsive and agree to fight Young Master Cat.

Ling Han couldnt help but feel depressed. Why had they done that?

Oh, Hong Tianbus opponent was in the Inscription Tier, the same level as him, while his opponent was in the Extreme Bone Tier, which was a major cultivation level higher than him?

Wasnt this bullying?

I think that there shouldnt be any Blood Transformation Tier prodigies in the Demon Race, so they can only send out an Extreme Bone Tier elite to suppress you, Lian Xuerong said, a trace of admiration in her eyes.

In such a large Demon Race, there was actually not a single Blood Transformation Tier cultivator who could contend with Ling Han, let alone defeat him.

Remember, no matter what happens, dont appear. Just pretend that you havent returned to the capital. Lian Xuerong warned again.

Why should we be afraid! Eldest Baby immediately jumped out. Yes, why should we be afraid! Fourth Baby and Fifth Baby followed behind.

If they dare to come, well kill them one by one! Second Baby added.

Third Baby snorted in disdain.

Sixth Baby?

She was invisible and everything she said could be ignored.

Lian Xuerong could only smile bitterly. These five babies looked like they were carved out of jade and were extremely cute. Why were they all so violent?

They must have been led astray by Ling Han.

What else could it be? Kids didnt understand better.

She couldnt help but look at Ling Han. How do you take care of your children? Ling Han was implicated, but he couldnt explain it. These six children had already formed their own wills when they were still in the gourds. It had nothing to do with him at all.

Also, you should at least get some clothes for them, Lian Xuerong chided. Although they were small, they were all girls after all. How could they only use a few leaves to protect themselves?

True.

Ling Han nodded, indicating that he humbly accepted her suggestion.

Lets go, Ill help you buy clothes, Lian Xuerong said. She naturally felt that a grown man would never know how to pick a womans clothes, even if they were just children.

Under Lian Xuerongs strong request, Ling Han could only submit. He brought along the five childrenactually, six children.

After walking around, the five children all put on new clothes, and each of them had three alternative sets.

Sixth Baby was naturally ignored by Lian Xuerong, but Ling Han bought two additional large sets. One large set was for Sixth Baby. Even if she had turned invisible, he couldnt pretend that she didnt exist. The other set was for Seventh Baby, although this girl was too extravagantly sleeping, and had no intention of coming out even now.

Lian Xuerongs face was still a little hot. Previously, when she entered the shop to pick things, the shop assistant had all treated her as Ling Hans wife, and the five babies as her daughters, calling her Madam.

However, the children even hooted and called her mother, not giving her a chance to correct them.

She was too embarrassed to stay any longer and quickly fled.

Sigh, shes too thin-skinned. Shes not qualified to be our mother. The children commented. It was obvious that they were deliberately messing with

Lian Xuerong.

Ling Han chuckled. He didnt have any designs on Lian Xuerong, so he naturally didnt have any intention of correcting the actions of these children.

He applied to the academy to change to a bigger residence, but even if the application was submitted, it would take time to approve it.

Ling Han used the optical computer to search for suitable materials for the formation foundations. He had already reached a preliminary agreement with a person, and was currently conducting a transaction at the agreed location. After a day, the transaction was finalized. After paying through the optical computer, he went to the agreed place to trade with the other party.

The other party was an old man. When he saw Ling Han, he couldnt help but reveal a look of surprise, and said, So its the famous Ling Han!

Ling Han chuckled. The other party recognized him, but he did not recognize the other party, so he asked, May I ask how I should address you, old man?

Jin Sanyin. The old man smiled.

Is there such a name?

Ling Han didnt mind. He was just asking casually.

Jin Sanyin took out the materials and handed them over to Ling Han. After Ling Han confirmed it, he then requested the internet platform to transfer the money to Jin Sanyin. With the platform as a guarantee, it naturally made people feel greatly relieved.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)