Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3375: Young Master Cat Came Again

Translator: Henyee Translations | Editor: Henyee TranslationsYôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Father, youre so awesome! Second Baby came over and said.

Father, youre amazing! Fourth Baby and Fifth Baby followed suit.

Ling Han laughed loudly, and said, Not too bad. He still didnt know that he had triggered the phenomenon of heaven and earth.

Father is really humble. Youre still so calm even after triggering a phenomenon of heaven and earth, Second Baby said again.

Yes. Even the proud Third Baby nodded.

What? Ling Han was stunned. What phenomenon of heaven and earth?

So Father, you dont know at all? The six children shook their heads at the same time.

Under Ling Hans questioning, he finally understood what was going on.

It turned out that breaking through to the Seventh Change could actually trigger a natural phenomenon!

Let the truth be buried forever, Ling Han thought to himself. Apart from Second Baby, who could trace it back to the source, the others only thought that it was the birth of an Innate Divine Physique, and would never suspect him.

Once this matter was exposed, he would definitely gain more glory, but it would also attract the covetous gazes of many factions. A person who could trigger a phenomenon?

If that person cannot work for me, then just kill him.

This was not an exaggeration.

Thus, before he was strong enough, Ling Han needed to keep a low profile.

Unlike formations and alchemy, these were all auxiliary. No matter how astonishing Ling Hans achievements in these two aspects were, it would only make other factions want to recruit him. He could completely take it slow and not make others feel threatened.

Martial arts was different. There was only one boss. Just like how Chen Fengyan ruled the world, who dared to go against him?

Strength, strength.. Ling Hans eyes sparkled.

After breaking through to the Seventh Change, Ling Han finally had the qualifications to look down on those of the same cultivation level. Other than him, no one in the Dark North Nation had ever triggered a phenomenon of heaven and earth, proving that he had already cultivated to an unprecedented level in the Blood Transformation Tier.

Father, your life force has been severely damaged. Second Baby activated her ocular technique, and carefully sized up Ling Han.

Ling Han nodded. Without the Treasured Fruit of Life, he had still torn open five shackles, so he had definitely consumed a large amount of life force.

You lost at least 100 years of his lifespan, Second Baby said solemnly. Furthermore, your dao foundation is somewhat damaged and needs to be repaired as soon as possible, otherwise, there will be a huge problem in the future.

Even his dao foundation was damaged?

Ling Han was shocked. He was not afraid of the reduction of his lifespan. In any case, he could still live long enough, and there would always be a way to make up for it. However, the damage to his dao foundation would be serious.

Its fine. You can recover by eating more Treasured Fruits of Life, Third Baby said nonchalantly.

Yes. Second Baby nodded. Moreover, as long as Seventh is born, she also has a way to solve the problem of Fathers life force being damaged.

Ling Han was astonished. What kind of ability did Seventh Baby have?

He ate a meal first, and after a good rest, he couldnt help but be curious about his own strength.

After breaking through to the Seventh Change, he knew that he was definitely very strong, but how strong was he?

A strength tester definitely could not be used anymore. This upper limit could only measure the strength of 5 million kilograms, so Ling Han could only use the strength of First Extreme as a comparison.

He let Eldest Baby spar with him to test his strength.

In the end, his strength had already broken through First Extreme, but it had not reached Second Extreme. His speed had increased to two times the speed of sound. When he used Shuttle Steps, it did not break through three times the speed of sound. Instead, it was 2.7 times the speed of sound.

This was because the level of Shuttle Steps was not high enough. As his cultivation level increased, the help it provided him became less and less.

Perhaps when he reached the Enlightenment Tier, there would be no difference whether he used Shuttle Steps or not.

He had to get a new movement technique.

What surprised Ling Han the most was that his mental strength had improved by leaps and bounds again, and he could now grab things that weighed about 50kg.

Because of this sudden advancement, the speed at which he drove the flying sword reached six times the speed of sound. This was enough for Extreme Bone Tier elites to clearly see it, but not be able to dodge or parry in time.

In other words, he could insta-kill Extreme Bone Tier elites.

Father, your Spiritual Power has reached four stars. It has already surpassed your cultivation level, Sixth Baby said.

Ling Han was looking at a ball of air, and felt a slight sense of awkwardness. Talking to a ball of air, or having a ball of air talk to you, no matter how he thought about it, it was awkward.

Whats the evaluation for this four stars? he asked. This was because the Fifth Prince of the Demon Race seemed to have evaluated Hong Tianbu in the same way.

Four-star Spiritual Power corresponds to Inscription Tier, five-star corresponds to Enlightenment Tier, and six-star corresponds to Mystery Realm Tier, Sixth Baby explained.

So that was how it was.

Ling Han thought to himself, I knew it. If I were to be ranked according to Elementary, Middle, High and Grandmaster levels, the Inscription Tier would be the end.

However, the strongest martial artist in the past had only reached Enlightenment Tier, so the others could not attain five-star Spiritual Power. It was indeed enough to use the Elementary, Middle and High Level as classification.

Ling Han shook his head, and didnt dwell on it. In any case, this was only a title, just like even if the Meridian Opening Tier was called the Heavenly Sky Tier or the Nine Heavens Tier, but so what? It didnt affect him at all.

When he returned to his residence, he found out that the Demon Races Young Master Cat had once come to challenge him and was defeated by him.

He had defeated him?

Ling Han looked at the five children, and the children all gave him strange smiles.

Alright, it was these kids.

Ling Han was surprised. He had heard from Lian Xuerong that although this Young Master Cat was in the Extreme Bone Tier, his battle prowess could reach the Inscription Tier, yet he had been defeated by a few children.

It seemed that he had underestimated these children.

Ling Han! A furious roar came from outside. Come out and fight me!

Who was it?

Ling Han was puzzled.

Father, its that stupid cat again. Second Baby took a look. The layers of walls could not block her vision.

Eh, Young Master Cat is here again?

Young Master Cat naturally had to come. Everyone else thought that he had been defeated by Ling Han, and only he himself knew that this was not the case at all.

Therefore, when he was carried back for a simple treatment and rested for a day, he made a comeback.

He was beaten back without even meeting the main character and returned to the Demon Race dejectedly?bender

He could not do it!

He was a super genius among the younger generation of the Demon Race. He could not afford to lose face like this.

Ling Han thought for a moment, and decided to go out and meet this elite of the Demon Race. It just so happened that he had just broken through to the Seventh Change, and needed an opponent to test the limits of battle prowess of his Spiritual power. He naturally wouldnt really use a killing move against these children.

Outside, everyone was watching aggressively.

Why do you think the Demon Race is so thick-skinned?

He was just knocked unconscious and carried away. Now, hes here again.

Heh, after that so-called Fifth Prince was defeated last time, isnt there a Fourth Prince now? This is a tradition.

Oh, so the Demon Race is all so shameless.

The surrounding people discussed animatedly. Some of them even spoke very loudly, not afraid that Young Master Cat would hear them.

After all, Young Master Cat had been too arrogant previously and had beaten up many people in the academy. Now, everyone naturally wanted to step on him.

Young Master Cats face was covered in frost. He swore that he would definitely not go in again this time. He wanted Ling Han to come out and fight him openly.

He would defeat Ling Han in front of everyone and re-establish the might of the Demon Race..