Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3376: Another DefeatFinndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Zhi zhi. The door opened and a person walked out. He had a head full of gray hair, giving people the feeling that he was an extremely old man.

Who was it? They had never heard of anyone having old servant in the

academy.

However, when everyone saw the white-haired mans face, they were all shocked.

This was actually Ling Han!

How was this possible? Wasnt this supposed to be a heroic young man?

I know. He must have forcefully broken through and injured his life force, someone said.

Yes, thats the only explanation.

He injured his life force and his hair turned white overnight!

Its over now.

I heard that he forcefully broke through during the Hunting Competition. Now that hes done it again, no wonder his face looks withered.

Sigh, didnt he just ruin the good cards he has been dealt?

Everyone shook their heads. Some people felt that it was a pity, while others revealed cold smiles. If Ling Han really became the second Hong Tianbu, wouldnt they be suppressed to the point where they couldnt even raise their heads or straighten their backs?

Young Master Cat also revealed a cold smile. It turned out that Ling Han had really been in seclusion previously. Unfortunately, this stupid human had completely ruined himself.

Ling Han, do you dare to duel with me? he asked.

Ling Han surveyed him from head to toe, and asked, What qualifications do you have to duel with me?

This was full of contempt.

Young Master Cat was instantly enraged, but he forcefully suppressed his anger and said, Im a super prodigy of the Yue Empire. Among the young generationmy natural talent can be ranked in the top 20. Am I not qualified to fight you?

Ling Han dug his ears, and said, Its barely enough for me to beat you up.

Impudent! Young Master Cat couldnt hold it in any longer. Xiu, his figure flashed, and he charged towards Ling Han.

Three times the speed of sound was extremely terrifying.

Ling Han remained unmoved in the face of all changes. His body did not move, and he only threw a punch.

Young Master Cat laughed coldly. He had the cultivation of Fourth Extreme, and his battle prowess had even advanced into the Inscription Tier. Would he be afraid of fighting a Blood Transformation Tier cultivator head-on?

You cant even withstand a single blow! he said. He raised his claw and swiped at Ling Han, slicing out five extremely sharp flashes of Qi.

BANG!

The force of the fist and the force of the claw collided and formed a huge collision. Both of them were annihilated.

What?

Young Master Cat was taken aback, and an expression of disbelief appeared on

his face.

Ling Hans strength was actually not much weaker than his own?

This human was only in the Blood Transformation Tier.

If this was his first time exchanging blows with Ling Han, then he wouldnt care. He could slowly display his might and be full of confidence. However, it was different now. He had already lost to Ling Han once. He had to win beautifully and clear his name.

His blood and Qi boiled, and he entered a state of explosive power.

In any case, the eruption of the Demon Race could stop at any time. There was only a total time limit.

Insignificant human! He attacked again, reaching 3.5 times the speed of sound. This made it difficult for even Blood Transformation Tier elites to parry; it was truly too fast.bender

Right now, his power was comparable to One Pattern.

Regardless of whether it was in terms of power or speed, he had the complete upper hand. Was it even possible for him to lose?

Xiu, at this moment, he suddenly saw a cold light coming towards him at an astonishing speed.

It had to be four times the speed of sound, right?

He was already at nearly four times the speed of sound, and this cold light was attacking at six times the speed of sound. The speed at which it flew over was naturally indescribable.

Young Master Cat was shocked. Six times the speed of sound? What kind of joke was this?

Even if he went all out, his attack would only reach four times the speed of sound. Six times the speed of sound was too exaggerated. Moreover, in terms of relative motion, it was ten times the speed of sound.

Seeing that the cold light had already reached him in an instant, he could only condense all his power at the spot where the cold light was about to reach and take this attack head-on.

Puff!

Blood splattered as a small sword appeared in Young Master Cats shoulder. You- Young Master Cat couldnt help but be shocked. His defense had almost no effect, and the flying sword had still completely pierced in.

And what if Ling Han was aiming not at his shoulder, but at his heart?

Would he still be alive now?

No matter how thick-skinned Young Master Cat was, he had no choice but to admit that he had lost. Furthermore, it was because Ling Han did not intend to kill him. Otherwise, he would have already died.

Leave the sword behind, and leave, Ling Han said calmly. He did not have any deep enmity with the Demon Race, and did not want to kill them all.

Young Master Cats expression changed again and again. He had lost unjustly. He had not expected Ling Han to have such a move.

Four-star Spiritual Power! He gritted his teeth and said, And you can move physical objects. Ive really underestimated you.

If he had known that Ling Han was a Spiritual Power Grandmaster, he would definitely not have thought of fighting Ling Han in close combat. He would have just drawn out the distance and slowly bombarded him.

It couldnt be helped. Although everyone in the Demon Race was talented and could almost use high-level energy, there were very few Grandmasters of Spiritual power. Their natural talent was all in their physique and they were born strong.

God is fair. You cant take all the advantages, right?

Thus, Young Master Cat had never imagined that Ling Han could actually use his Spiritual Power to manipulate physical objects, and was defeated in one move.

He pulled the small sword out. Pu, blood spluttered out, but he didnt feel anything. He threw the small sword on the ground, turned around, and flew away.

He had no excuse for losing twice.

Ling Han!

Ling Han!

Ling Han!

The students cheered. They had not seen the first battle at all, but Young Master Cat had suddenly lost. Now that they had witnessed this battle with their own eyes, they were naturally excited.

Although, in fact, they did not see this battle clearly. They only saw that Young Master Cat was suddenly struck by a sword.

In any case, Ling Han was very impressive.

Humph, whats there to be proud of? Losing his life force twice, its simply impossible for him to break through to the Extreme Bone Tier. Some people were jealous and were making sarcastic remarks.

Scram to the side. If you can defeat the Demon Race, even if you collapse immediately after the battle, I will submit to you for the rest of my life! This person was immediately refuted. This was a matter that concerned the pride of a race, and you are actually criticising?

Do you even have a conscience?

Thats right. In order to defeat the Demon Race, Ling Han did not hesitate to expend his life force to break through. How great is this? You actually dare to slander him?

Kill this son of a b*tch!

The crowd was furious and rushed towards that person. Soon, that person was drowned by the crowd.

Meanwhile, Ling Han was in a daze. He wasnt that great. If he wanted to become powerful, what did it have to do with the Demon Race?

Forget it, he was too lazy to explain. Ling Han smiled at everyone, and returned to his residence.

The problem now was finding the Treasured Fruit of Life. Otherwise, he would never dare to break through to the Extreme Bone Tier. That would really be courting death.

Ling Hans battle once again stirred up a storm in the Imperial Capital. Previously, the Demon Race was full of confidence, believing that Yuwen Hou could snipe Hong Tianbu, while Young Master Cat could perfectly finish off Ling Han. This would prove that the Demon Race was stronger than the Human Race in all aspects.

However, with the advantage of a major tier, Young Master Cat had lost miserably to Ling Han. How could the Demon Race endure this?

Only a day later, Yuwen Hou from the Demon Race announced to Ling Han that as long as Ling Han could withstand his attacks for to seconds, it would be considered Ling Hans victory.

When the news spread, it immediately caused another commotion.

An Inscription Tier elite was actually challenging a Blood Transformation Tier?

Did he still have any shame?