Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3377= As Long As Theres a Bet

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Withstand for ten seconds?

Ling Han smiled, and looked at Xuanyuan Dingguo. This news was brought by Xuanyuan Dingguo. He ignored it, and instead asked, Why is a busy person like you free to come and see me?

Youve made a big deal this time! Xuanyuan Dingguo shook his head with admiration on his face. This guy really knew how to make trouble. Sooner or later, his little heart would not be able to take it.

Have I? Ling Han asked casually, not taking it to heart at all.

Hey, Yuwen Hou is declaring war on you! Xuanyuan Dingguo said. You dont know how terrifying that guy is. Grand Tutor Hong once fought him, but in the end, he was knocked down by a roar before he could even deliver a single blow.

Ling Han nodded, and said, Although this persons cultivation is in the Inscription Tier, his battle prowess has reached the Enlightenment Tier.

Otherwise, he wouldnt be targeting Hong Tianbu.

Since you know that, you should know that you cant withstand ten seconds of his attack! Xuanyuan Dingguo said seriously.

Ling Han smiled, and said, Are you here to persuade me not to accept the challenge?

Of course. Xuanyuan Dingguo nodded. Were business partners. If youre

killed, Ill suffer a great loss.

He paused for a moment, then added, Hes in the Inscription Tier, but youre in the Blood Transformation Tier. If you dont accept the challenge, it wont affect your reputation. On the contrary, if you accept the challenge, others will laugh at you for being crazy.

Ling Hans expression was strange, and he said, Based on what you said, I really am sick in the head.

Xuanyuan Dingguo was stunned for a moment and then gasped. Are you really going to accept the challenge?

Its only ten seconds. Its not like I really have to defeat him. Ling Han smiled, his expression calm.

Xuanyuan Dingguo didnt speak for a long time. Then he caught his breath and said, You must be crazy!

Ling Han smiled calmly, and said, Of course, theres no reason for me to accept the challenge for nothing En, I have to take this opportunity to scam him!

He looked at Xuanyuan Dingguo. Help me arrange a date for the battle.

Get lost! Im not going to help you! Xuanyuan Dingguo said firmly.

However, after he left, he helped Ling Han declare war on Yuwen Hou from a distance. Ling Han could accept the challenge, but there was a condition, which was that if he persisted for ten seconds, Yuwen Hou would lose five Treasured Fruits of Life to him. Furthermore, Yuwen Hou had to prepare at least twenty Treasured Fruits of Life, and he wouldnt take one less.

When the news spread, everyone was stupefied. Was there such a gambling match?

Could it be that Ling Han really thought that he could withstand Yuwen Hous fierce attacks for 10 seconds?

When the news reached the Demon Race, before Yuwen Hou could express his opinion, the Fourth Prince had already waved his hand and agreed.

It was just Treasured Fruits of Life. In the eyes of others, these were precious treasures, but in his eyes, they were only slightly valuable.

The royal family of the Demon Race occupied nearly a hundred ancient sites, and there was no lack of Treasured Fruits of Life. Moreover, the fertility rate of the Demon Race was low. There were only six princes in total, and they were definitely rich in cultivation resources.

Now that the betting problem was solved, it was time and place.

Ling Han decided on the time. It would be three days later, and the Demon Race would decide on the location. It would still be the royal hunting ground.

The Demon Race had a lot of determination, choosing to get back up where they had fallen.

All right, Ling Han agreed.

Father, let me beat that b*stard up, Eldest Baby snorted. The little violent Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

girls hands started to itch again. bender

Ling Han shook his head, and said, Yuwen Hous battle prowess can reach the Enlightenment Tier, far above yours. Fighting him would be too disadvantageous.

Perhaps Eldest Baby could hold on for ten seconds, but what if she was injured?

This was something that Ling Han would never allow to happen.

Eldest Baby was depressed. What Ling Han said was the truth, and she had no choice but to admit it. Damn it, as long as I grow up a little, even fighting an Eldest Baby will be like beating a grandson, she said unhappily.

Ling Han laughed loudly, and said, This time, Third Baby will be stepping

out.

Third Baby smiled proudly. She was the best at dealing with such situations. What a spendthrift of the Demon Race. I have to scam them properly. Ling Hans eyes lit up. Where would he usually scam so many Treasured Fruits of Life? He was in need of them now, and the Demon Race had sent them over in a hurry. What good people.

Hehe! The children laughed one after another, each of them also very sneaky.

It could be said that their personalities were innate, but this kind of swindling attribute was definitely formed with Ling Han. Ling Han definitely had to take the blame for this.

Alright, Ill take advantage of these three days to make proper preparations, Ling Han muttered. Its rare for me to meet a sucker, so Ill definitely scam him properly and forcefully. Ill scam him thoroughly.

Ling Han made preparations. He would definitely give the Demon Race a huge surprise.

Three days passed in the blink of an eye. During this time, Lian Xuerong, Yin Xiujing, Niu Huaqing, Ge Qiuyue, and the others all looked for him, hoping that he would cancel the bet with Yuwen Hou. No matter how one looked at it, this was an act of courting death.

Ling Han obstinately insisted on fighting, and even angered Lian Xuerong and Yin Xiujing into leaving.

On the fourth day, everyone came to the Royal Hunting Ground to watch a good show.

Although this was very likely to end in one or two seconds, everyone still wanted to witness it with their own eyes. Perhaps a miracle would happen.

However, the elder princes this time were not around. Only those princes like Chen Jingye, who had no future, were present.

Gu Xiangming was also present. He knew that he had already been left far behind by Ling Han, but under the influence of jealousy, he still hoped that Ling Han would be defeated. It would be best if he was killed by the Demon Race.

Feng Ruoxian was also feeling the same way. She was still a Count, but no one else had interacted with her. Only Butler Mu was still taking care of her.

She wanted to see Ling Han lose, and Ling Han die. This way, her dark life would have a little more fun.

Hu Yang had come, and so had Hong Tianliang. It was unknown what these defeated opponents were feeling right now. They wanted to see Ling Han lose, but they also didnt want him to lose.

What was going to happen had finally come.

The Demon Race still arrived on an ordinary warship with an overwhelming aura.

Ling Han, on the other hand, brought the baby and the little handmaiden over leisurely. When they arrived, Yuwen Hou also happened to disembark from the warship, exuding an overbearing and domineering aura.

What a terrifying fellow!

He doesnt seem to be weaker than Hong Tianbu!

Yes, he is just standing there and I couldnt help but tremble.

How can Ling Han block such an elite for to seconds? It would be enough to kill him hundreds of times over.

Sigh, why did he agree to the bet? The difference in cultivation level was clearly so great, yet he insisted on making things difficult for himself. If Ling Han lost, so be it, but the one who would lose face is our Dark North Nation!

The crowd spoke one after another, and some of them actually started to complain about Ling Han.

Ling Han arrived at the plaza. In any case, it was just a matter of fighting for 10 seconds. He would just stay in the plaza so he did not have to run around too much.

Yuwen Hou? He looked at the burly young man standing in the middle of the plaza. He had the head of a lion, but he was not a lion.

Yuwen Hou also looked at Ling Han, shook his head, and said, How laughable. After creating such a huge scene, its just something that I can resolve with a single punch.

His face was full of contempt. Letting an elite like him fight against a Blood Transformation Tier was too degrading..