Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3378: Two Consecutive Losses

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Ling Han smiled faintly, and said, Cut the crap. Have you brought the Treasured Fruits of Life?

Yuwen Hou was instantly enraged. What kind of attitude was that?

You ignorant fellow, these are just some Treasured Fruits of Life; they are not considered treasures in our Demon Race at all! The Fourth Prince of the Demon Race said. He waved his hand, and a basket appeared on the ground. It was filled with Treasured Fruits of Life. Good lord, there were at least 40 of them.

However, only the Fourth Prince of the Demon Race knew that he could only take out so many Treasured Fruits of Life. After all, Treasured Fruits of Life were special and were much rarer than Treasured Fruits that could increase cultivation.

However, in order to show off and show that the Demon Race had abundant resources, he naturally made light of it.

A smile appeared on Ling Hans face. Very good, he could properly scam them now.

Lets fight, said Yuwen Hou.

Ling Han waved his hand, and said, Whats the rush? Its not like youre rushing to be reincarnated.

Did this kid not know how to speak properly? Why did he feel like he was about to die from anger?

Yuwen Hous chest heaved up and down. He swore that he would definitely not give Ling Han a chance to admit defeat later. He would definitely blast him into pieces. Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Ling Han smiled slightly, and said, I dont know if youre strong or weak, but I have to first see if youre qualified to fight me.

Fuck!

Everyone was speechless. He had the battle prowess of the Enlightenment Tier, yet he was still not qualified to fight with you?

Here, I have a pig here. If you can kill it within ten seconds, I will fight you, Ling Han said to Yuwen Hou as he picked up the lecherous pig from the little maids arms.

This was a blatant humiliation.

Yuwen Hou could not hold it in any longer. His golden hair stood on end. He really wanted to kill. Immediately, right now.

You come here! he said coldly.

Ling Han shook his head. You dont dare?

Yuwen Hous chest heaved up and down rapidly. After a while, he said, Alright, lets see how many tricks you have today!

Five Treasured Fruits of Life, dont forget! Ling Han said to the Fourth Prince of the Demon Race.

F*ck, you really dare to ask? A pigs life is worth five Treasured Fruits of Life?

The Fourth Prince of the Demon Race also instantly had the urge to strangle Ling Han to death, but after thinking about it, he decided that this pig would definitely be killed by a single punch from Yuwen Hou anyway, so it didnt matter anymore.

Alright! He took out five Treasured Fruits of Life and placed them on the ground on a jade plate. f reewe bnovel

Ling Han smiled. Very good, he had earned five Treasured Fruits of Life just like that.

He waved a hand, and amidst the fat pigs cries, it fell to the ground.

Yuwen Hou harrumphed and casually threw a punch at the fat pig.

How could the fat pig dodge? It was immediately hit, but the fat pigs defense was invincible. This attack did not cause any damage to it. It only flipped it over a few times.

Coo! The fat pig was furious. How dare this lion with only a little Divine Beast bloodline attack him?

What!

Everyone was shocked. No matter how casual Yuwen Hou was, the power of that strike was enough to kill the pig hundreds of times. However, it did not injure the pig at all. It was strange.

Even Yuwen Hou was taken aback. He naturally knew how powerful his attack was. Even a Blood Transformation Tier elite would be insta- killed, let alone a Pig-

This was strange.

Seven seconds, six seconds, five seconds Ling Han counted from the side.

He was so shocked that he forgot about the bet.

Yuwen Hou attacked hurriedly and blasted the fat pig once more.

Peng, peng, peng! The fat pig was blasted into the sky and cried out. It was extremely angry, but these attacks did not hurt it at all.

Ten seconds passed in an instant. The fat pig was perfectly fine.

Thank you for your patronage, Ling Han said with a smile. He walked over and put away the five Treasured Fruits of Life.

Yuwen Hou was speechless. He was an elite that could be compared to Enlightenment Tier, but he could not even injure an ordinary-looking pig. How could he endure this? What else could he say?

Still want to bet? Ling Han asked with a smile.

Of course! Yuwen Hou said. He would never believe that Ling Han could be like this pig.

Ling Han looked at the Fourth Prince of the Demon Race. Five Treasured Fruits of Life, please.

The corners of the Fourth Prince of the Demon Races mouth twitched. Why did he feel that Ling Han was here to scam the Treasured Fruits of Life?

But could he admit defeat now?

He snorted, took out five Treasured Fruits, and placed them on the jade plate again.

Ling Han, come and fight me! Yuwen Hou said. He had never been so eager to beat up a puny Blood Transformation Tier cultivator, because Ling Han was truly hateful.

Ling Han chuckled, and said, Third Baby, go. bender

Third Baby looked very dissatisfied. She actually had to personally take action against a stupid Demon Race. Seriously.

Sigh, on the account that she was scamming treasures for her father, she would reluctantly accept it.

The little girl clasped her hands behind her back and entered the arena.

F*ck, such a little girl?

Everyone felt a little dizzy. A cute little girl actually wanted to fight against Yuwen Hou? That was too exaggerated.

Yuwen Hou also broke into laughter, and said, Ling Han, are you joking?

Stinky freak, how dare you look down on me? Third Baby was furious. Xiu, she rushed out.

Yi!

What!

Her charge immediately made everyones scalps tingle.

This was too exaggerated. This little girl actually exploded at twice the speed of sound.

Extreme Bone Tier!

An Extreme Bone Tier cultivator who was only two or three years old? Heavens, how could anyone believe this?

Only then did Yuwen Hou become slightly more cautious. He was indeed a little shocked by the shocking fact that she was in the Extreme Bone Tier at the age of two or three, but the Extreme Bone Tier was only so-so in his eyes. He casually struck out with his palm.

Peng, the palm wind struck. Third Babys body tilted slightly, but she was unharmed.

In terms of battle prowess, Third Baby was not the strongest among the six children, but in terms of defense, she was definitely number one.

Hiss! Everyone sucked in a breath of cold air. They felt that this day was simply like a dream.

A small pink pig and a small child had actually withstood the battle prowess of an Enlightenment Tier cultivator, one after another. How could anyone accept this?

Yuwen Hou no longer dared to underestimate Third Baby. With a loud roar, he went all out.

If he could not suppress a child within ten seconds, what would happen to his pride?

But the problem was that he really couldnt do anything to Third Baby.

Ten seconds passed quickly, but Third Baby acted as if nothing had happened.

Ling Han chuckled, and walked towards the place where the Treasured Fruits were placed. With a smile, he said, Thank you for your patronage, thank you for your patronage.

He put away the Treasured Fruits. Now that he had ten, he should be able to repair his dao foundation.

Eat.

He did not stand on ceremony and casually wiped one before nibbling on the Treasured Fruit.

Yuwen Hous face had already darkened to the extreme. He clearly had the battle prowess to sweep through the Dark North Nation, but he had actually lost twiceto a little pig and a baby, rendering him speechless.

Depressed, extremely depressed.

Ling Han smiled, and said, Do you still want to play with me?

Come! Yuwen Hou said in a deep voice. He did not believe that Ling Han could also possess unparalleled defense.

Any method can be used, right? Ling Han asked again.

Up to you, Yuwen Hou said indifferently.

Ling Han looked at the Fourth Prince of the Demon Race. Five Treasured Fruits of Life, please.

Youre doing it again!