Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3380: Blood Qi Condensation Emperor

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Another ten seconds passed.

Everyone looked at Ling Han, and then at Yuwen Hou, feeling that it was impossible.

Ling Han was definitely not a fool. On the contrary, he was incomparably intelligent, and used various methods frequently. First, it was a pig, then a baby. Then, he used his formation and treasured armor one after another, and had already withstood Yuwen Hou for four sets of ten seconds.

There didn’t seem to be anything strange about withstanding his attacks for another set of ten seconds.

“It’s different this time. He can’t use any methods. He can only rely on his own strength. It’s as difficult as ascending to the heavens for him to hold on for ten seconds. He might even lose his life,” someone said.

“Then why did Ling Han take the Initiative to provoke him?” Some people were puzzled.

“Maybe he got carried away, or maybe he wants to give it a try for the Treasured Fruits of Life.”

“That’s true. If there are so many Treasured Fruits of Life in front of me, I’m willing to give it a try as well.”

Amidst the discussions of the crowd, Yuwen Hou looked coldly at Ling Han. Boom, his blood and Qi directly boiled.

This time, he was going to kill Ling Han with a thunderous force. He was going to tell these insignificant humans that compared to the Demon Race, the human race was far inferior.

Ling Han didn’t dare to be careless, and his blood and qi also boiled. Hong, the power in his body surged, and a faint diamond light floated, turning into a human figure. It was like a Primitive Age emperor, emitting an incomparably terrifying aura.

Fifth Change, Condensed Blood Figure. However, Ling Han was not in the Fifth Change, nor was he in the Sixth Change. Instead, he was in the Seventh Change. Although the Condensed Blood Figure was still in the form of a human, its aura far surpassed that.

Yuwen Hou couldn’t help but reveal a look of shock. Frowning slightly, he didn’t attack immediately. Instead, he said, “Blood Qi Condensation Emperor, you’re at the Sixth Change!”

The Fifth Change was only a condensation of a figure. How could its aura be as terrifying as an emperor’s?

“Hmm?” Ling Han was slightly surprised. “Your eyesight isn’t bad!”

“Hmph!” Yuwen Hou scoffed proudly. “Do you think you’re the only one who has reached the Sixth Change?”

It was said that only one in ten people who had reached Twenty Meridians could reach the Sixth Change. Although this ratio was a little low, there were actually not very few people who had reached Twenty Meridians. There were at least 20 to 30 people in the capital.

Therefore, there were at least two or three people who had reached the Sixth Change. A freakish person like Hong Tianbu had definitely attained it.

The Demon Race was very strong, and their overall martial arts level might be above that of the human race. Therefore, there were definitely more geniuses who had reached the Sixth Change.

Ling Han smiled. He was not in the Sixth Change, but in the Seventh Change. This should be a height that no one could reach, and it had already triggered a phenomenon of heaven and earth.

Of course, he would not take the initiative to say it. He would just let the world think that he was at the Sixth Change. There was no need to be in the limelight. “Come!” he crooked a finger at him.

Yuwen Hou revealed a cruel smile. Killing a Sixth Change prodigy with his own hands should give him a sense of accomplishment.

Xiu, he suddenly rushed out. Before he arrived, he first roared.

“Ang!” It was earth-shattering and incomparably terrifying.

This was not a simple roar, but it carried an incomparably terrifying deterrence. Its speed far exceeded the transmission of ordinary sound waves.

Lion’s Roar?

Ling Han humphed, and with a thought, the human figure formed from the blood and Qi above his head immediately charged towards Yuwen Hou.

One of the characteristics of the Blood Transformation Tier was that the murderous aura condensed from blood and Qi had an intimidating effect.

This was naturally insignificant to an Inscription Tier, but Ling Han was a Seventh Change. Cultivating to this level had even triggered a phenomenon of heaven and earth. Even Ling Han himself would not believe that there was nothing special about this murderous aura.

Boom! A murderous aura surged out. This was an aura. To a certain extent, it was similar to Spiritual Power. Its speed was far above the speed of sound. It arrived first. The humanoid figure condensed from blood and Qi punched out at Yuwen Hou.

Yuwen Hou scoffed. Sixth Change was meant Blood Qi Condensation Emperor. As the murderous aura blasted out, there was an emperor-like aura suppressing it. This was indeed very impressive, and even Extreme Bone Tier elites with some weaknesses would be affected.

But who was he?

Not only was he an Inscription Tier elite, but he had also cultivated to the Sixth Change. Was there a need to care about a Blood Qi Condensation Emperor?

He charged forwards, believing that with a roar, Ling Han would definitely enter into a state of dizziness. Then, he would add another blow, and he would be able to directly send the other party on his way.

This was the suppression of superior strength.

Boom! A terrifying murderous aura surged over and Yuwen Hou could not help but freeze as he revealed an obvious dumbfounded expression.

The murderous aura was so terrifying that even he was affected.

How was that possible?

How could he be affected?

However, Yuwen Hou was Yuwen Hou after all. Such a terrifying murderous aura only slightly affected him, and he immediately came back to his senses. After all, he was an existence in the Inscription Tier.

“Three, four, five…” Ling Han was counting.

Just like that, he had used up half of his time!

Yuwen Hou sneered. Since he had suffered once, how could he repeat the same mistake?

With a tap of his feet, peng, he exploded at four times the speed of sound.

So fast!

Ling Han raised his hand. Xiu, a cold light immediately shot towards Yuwen Hou.

Six times the speed of sound!

A look of shock couldn’t help but flash across Yuwen Hou’s face, as if he didn’t believe that Ling Han could unleash an attack that was six times the speed of sound. However, he immediately reacted, opening his mouth and spitting out a ball of raging flames.

High-level energy!

The flames were extremely terrifying. When the flying sword passed through, it was softened by the heat. Pa, although it still struck Yuwen Hou’s body, its power was naturally greatly reduced without the sharpness effect.

Yuwen Hou’s figure practically didn’t stop as he charged towards Ling Han again.

This was only the sixth second.

Yuwen Hou raised his right fist high and there was a look of pity in his eyes. To be able to affect him slightly and even force him to use his ultimate move, this human brat was indeed not simple.

If he was from the Demon Race, Yuwen Hou would not mind helping him. But now…

Go to hell!

He punched down mercilessly. Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

Ling Han let out a long cry, and his figure retreated as he repeatedly swung his fists.

Lightning Fist.

Xiu, xiu, xiu, xiu! The speed was too fast, and the sky was filled with fist imprints.

Peng, peng, peng! These fist imprints were the first to meet the lion’s roar. Immediately, they seemed to be squeezed and completely distorted.

When everyone saw that, they couldn’t help but be shocked. To think that the might of Yuwen Hou’s roar would be so terrifying.

“You won’t be able to escape!” Yuwen Hou said with a cold smile. He was at four times the speed of sound, while Ling Han was only slightly more than twice the speed of sound. He would only need one or two seconds to catch up.

Ling Han’s expression was calm, and he continued to unleash Lightning Fist.

Seven seconds, eight seconds, nine seconds.

Lightning Fists still affected Yuwen Hou somewhat, but when the ninth second was about to end, Yuwen Hou still arrived in front of Ling Han and threw a punch.

This time, Ling Han had nowhere to retreat to.

Ling Han’s pupils constricted, and he had already channeled his eye technique. Yuwen Hou’s attack immediately became incomparably slow, allowing him to see everything clearly.

He immediately swung his right fist at the weakest point of Yuwen Hou’s attack.

Demonic Monkey Fists, Frequency Attack, 30 layers, no, 40 overlapping layers of power!

After advancing to the Seventh Change, he finally made a huge breakthrough in the usage of the Demonic Monkey Fists.

Boom, a terrifying Demonic Monkey appeared. It was indomitable and ferocious.

Shock instantly appeared on Yuwen Hou’s face. What? Ling Han could actually use such a terrifying fist technique? Furthermore, he had even manifested the form of a Primitive Age Demonic Monkey..