Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3381: Old Eunuch

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

BANG!

Ling Hans fist had already collided with Yuwen Hous iron palm. Instantly, a terrifying wave of clouds rose, as if even the sky would be torn apart.

Too terrifying, this was the battle prowess of Enlightenment Tier!

Everyone shook their heads. Originally, they had thought that Ling Han could hold on for another 10 seconds, but after seeing the power of this attack, no one had any thought that he would stay lucky.

How could this be an attack that a Blood Transformation Tier could withstand? Puff!

In the midst of a spray of blood, Ling Han was actually still standing steadily. His body was like a javelin, standing strong and upright like a spear.

What? He actually withstood it?

Yuwen Hou clenched his fists. He knew in his heart that as long as he threw another punch, Ling Han would definitely be finished.

However, ten seconds had passed.

As a prodigy of the Demon Race, he naturally had his pride. How could he go back on his word?

Moreover, even if he wanted to be shameless, then Ling Han could also use that treasured armour again, and similarly block his attack.

What he didnt know was that this Precipice Formation was only created by Ling Han in a hurry, and its power was truly limited. After blocking the first 10 seconds of attack, many formation patterns collapsed on their own, losing the effect of drawing on the power of heaven and earth.

Therefore, the Precipice Formation could not be used.

However, Ling Han did not lack trump cards. He could still hide in the Essence Nurturing Gourd..

Of course, it was best not to expose the secret of this spatial Spirit Tool This might make even the Seventh Prince and the others tempted. After all, a spatial Spirit Tool was rare to begin with, not to mention that it could accommodate living creatures and strengthen ones Spiritual power!

Yuwen Hou stared at Ling Han. The fist technique that Ling Han used at the end made him feel as if he was looking at a Great Saint of the Demon Race!

But clearly, only the royal family of the Demon Race was the Demonic Monkey

It was extremely strange.

The Fourth Prince of the Demon Race was also as shocked as he was. He also stared at Ling Han, and there was intense greed in his eyes.

That was the Demonic Monkey Fists, the real Demonic Monkey Fists, not the incomplete version that the Six-Eared Macaque Race had mastered.

He desperately wanted it.

A puny human actually dares to secretly learn the ultimate secret of our Demon Race! he said balefully as he walked out. No matter what, he had to capture Ling Han and seize the Demonic Monkey Fists that he had mastered. Again!

Previously, the Fifth Prince of the Demon Race was like this, and now, the Fourth Prince was the same. It seemed that the fist technique that Brother Monkey had taught him was too awesome. It could always entice the greed of the Demon Race.

Shameless. What does the fist technique my father mastered have to do with you? Eldest Baby immediately jumped out.

Yes, what does it have to do with you! Fourth Baby and Fifth Baby followed suit.

The Fifth Prince of the Demon Race did not care at all. He naturally disdained to argue with these children. Although these children were strangely strong, they were not qualified to be his opponents.

In front of the Demonic Monkey Fists, everything else was negligible.

Ling Han smiled faintly, and said, Little monkey, this is the Imperial Capital of the human race, and you dare to act fierce?

So what if it is? the Fourth Prince of the Demon Race said disdainfully. The strongest cultivator here was only in the Enlightenment Tier, similar to him. If he wanted to forcefully abduct someone, who could stop him?

Is that so? An old voice sounded. An old man in eunuch attire slowly walked over.

An eunuch?

He must have walked out of the Imperial Palace, but what could a eunuch do?

The Fourth Prince of the Demon Race looked at the old eunuch and frowned Slightly. This old eunuch gave him an unfathomable feeling, making him not dare to be impudent for a moment.

Who are you? he asked.

The old eunuchs face was full of wrinkles. It was unknown how old he was He could not even open his eyes fully, looking as if he could die of old age at any moment. He said, This is just an old servant beside His Majesty.

The Fourth Prince of the Demon Race did not give up. There should be a name right?

Hehe, this old servant is Zhu Qi. This name has not been used for many years the old eunuch said.

Zhu Qi?

The Fourth Prince of the Demon Race repeated this in his heart, but he believed that he had never heard of this name.

It wasnt just him. The others were the same. They had no idea who this Old Eunuch Zhu was.

Look, the princes were also at a loss. Perhaps they had never seen this person before.

May I ask Senior Zhu what is your business? The Fourth Prince of the Demon Race decided to use civility before resorting to force. He really could not distinguish this old geezers cultivation.

This little fellow said that this is the Imperial Capital of the Human Race and its not up to the Demon Race to act viciously. Zhu Qi pointed at Ling Han, and continued, This old servant has the same feeling. Ive decided to stretch my old bones and plead with the Fourth Prince to not make things difficult for this brat.

The Fourth Prince of the Demon Race stared at Zhu Qi and slowly said, What if

I dont agree?

Zhu Qi didnt say anything, but his originally hunched back suddenly straightened. In an instant, he emitted a terrifying aura, as if a Primitive Age demon god had suddenly come to life.

The Fourth Prince of the Demon Race could not help but turn pale. Fortunately he had a monkey face to begin with. It was furry, and this change in expression was not obvious.

Without a word, he turned around and left.

When the rest of the Demon Race saw that their boss had left, they hurriedly followed.

Haha. Zhu Qi returned to his old and senile appearance and said, There are still many good people in the world. Peace is the most important thing in all matters.Fôll0w current novÊls on n/o/(v)/3l/b((in).(co/m)

He turned and walked away.

Although his steps were slow, his speed was shockingly fast. He disappeared in

a few steps.

Is this Ground Shrinking Technique? Someone who knew what was going on asked in a trembling voice.

A celestial technique!

No, this is just a very limited version of the Ground Shrinking Technique .

Otherwise, a single stepwould cover 50km.

Even so, this is too terrifying!

No wonder he could scare the prince of the Demon Race away.

Everyone spoke one after another, all of them extremely curious. There was actually such a great elite hidden in the Imperial Palace?

Ling Han was also surprised. He had not expected that other than Chen Fengyan, there would actually be such a powerful elite in the Imperial Capital No wonder this emperor dared to enter into closed-door cultivation without worry. If something really happened, this great eunuch would step forward to resolve it.

He put away the Treasured Fruits of Life on the ground. The most important thing now was to recover his dao foundation and replenish his life force as much as possible.

However, the enthusiastic and excited crowd gathered around him. This time, Lmg Han was a great hero, once again defending the dignity of the human race.

On the warship.

The Fourth Prince of the Demon Race did not say a word. He was as still as a rock.

Your Highness, where are we going now? A Demon Race member asked boldly.

Return to the imperial court! The Fourth Prince of the Demon Race spat out two words.

But Your Highness, His Majesty has given a strict order this time, telling us to strike a blow to the prestige of the human race. If we go back like this Im afraid well be punished by His Majesty. Moreover, Your Highness will lose His Majestys favor, a vassal said.

Nonsense! The Fourth Prince of the Demon Race snorted. That old eunuchs cultivation is at the Mystery Realm Tier. How could he be defeated?bender

What!1

Everyone from the Demon Race was shocked. Mystery Realm Tier? How was that possible?

Wasnt it said that the strongest cultivator in the human race was only in the Enlightenment Tier? How did a Mystery Realm Tier suddenly appear?

Wouldnt that be on the same level as His Majesty?

The human race is far stronger than we thought. We have to inform Father as soon as possible and change our previous strategy..