Chapter 3383: Conversation

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

This was a study room. In addition to rows of bookshelves, there was also a desk, and Grand Tutor Hong was sitting behind it.

Grand Tutor Hong. Ling Han cupped his fists.

Grand Tutor Hong raised his head to look at Ling Han, and asked, A few days ago, did you go to the Eternal Moon Ancient Site?

Ling Hans heart skipped a beat. Here it comes.

He nodded and said, I did.

Grand Tutor Hong stared at him and said, I just received news that you killed Jining Citys City Lord, Yu Yi. Is that true?

Thats right, its true. Ling Han nodded again.

Alright, since youve admitted it, theres nothing more to say. According to the laws of the Majestic Empire, anyone who kills an official of the Majestic Empire will be executed! Grand Tutor Hong said balefully.

What do you mean, theres nothing more to say?

Ling Han broke into laughter, and said, Lord, I have something to say!

Say what? Do you want to retract your confession? Grand Tutor Hong said indifferently.

The law of the Majestic Empire also states that when exploring ancient sites, everyone is an ordinary treasure hunter. Even princes are no different from commoners, Ling Han said calmly. I did kill Yu Yi, but at that time, he was not the City Lord of Jining City, but just an ordinary explorer.

Besides, if you really want to punish me, it should be the Council Chairman who should preside over this case. Lord Hongs interference has extended too far!

Grand Tutor Hong almost flipped the table. Who was he?

Before the Demon Race appeared, he was the strongest existence below the Holy Emperor. Only the Four Great Generals, Council Chairman Yang Bai, and a few others could compare to him.

Right now, the Four Great Generals and the others could only stand on equal footing with him. However, a few of the elder princes seemed to have soared into the sky in an instant, and their battle prowess had reached the Enlightenment Tier.

Even so, how could a puny Blood Transformation Tier cultivator be qualified to be impudent in front of him?Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

How dare you! he snapped.

Peng, the door was suddenly pushed open as well. The two officers each held a weapon and aimed it at Ling Han.

Ling Han smiled faintly, and said, Lord, what did I say wrong?

I indeed dont have the right to enforce the law. Grand Tutor Hong waved his hand at the two officers, indicating for them to leave. When the door closed again, he said, However, as the Grand Tutor of the Majestic Empire, can it be that I cant even ask questions?

Grand Tutor naturally asked, but I also answered very clearly, Ling Han said, neither servile nor overbearing.

Also were you the one who killed Hong Taichen? Grand Tutor Hongs expression turned stern.

Ling Han spread his hands. What Hong Taichen?

Grand Tutor Hong stared at him as if he wanted to pierce through his body and straight into his heart with his gaze. Its fine. Ill send you to the prison and torture you. I am sure youll tell me then!

A ball of anger instantly rose in Ling Hans heart. Do you think you can torture me at will?

He turned on the optical computer and showed the ugly faces of Yu Yis family. Then, he said, I just uploaded this video online.

You! Grand Tutor Hong was furious. This kid actually dared to tamper with it in front of him!

He could clearly see that Yu Yis family had indeed gone too far. They were practically forcing Ling Han to start a massacre. Who could they blame?

In ancient sites, there were no princes or generals. They were all ordinary adventurers. This was personally said by the Holy Emperor and written in the law.

He humphed and said, After killing a City Lord of the Majestic Empire, how can I easily believe your one-sided testimony? Come

The door opened again and the two officers walked in.

Take this person to the Heaven Prison! Grand Tutor Hong said.

He knew that Ling Han was extremely powerful, and was not someone these two officers could contend against at all, but he was not worried. It would be best if Ling Han really hurt someone and escaped, then Ling Hans crime would be huge.

Ling Han smiled. Though he looked to be around 20 years old, he was an old monster who had lived for countless years. How could he not see through Grand Tutor Hongs intentions?

He did not resist at all and left with the two officers. At this moment, he was not going be rash just for the sake of pride

Squeak. The door closed again.

Grand Tutor Hong revealed a trace of killing intent. This young man was too freakish, to the point of threatening Hong Tianbu. He would definitely not allow such a thing to happen.

He would take this opportunity to get rid of this young man.

Ling Han obediently headed to the prison under the escort of the two officers.

Hmph, who asked you to be so arrogant before!

How dare you go against Grand Tutor Hong. Youre really retarded!

The two officers sneered.

With a thought from Ling Han, pa, a rock flew up from behind and smashed towards the two officers.

Aiyo! The two officers both let out miserable cries. They were only in the Blood Transformation Tier, so how could they defend against Ling Hans attack that was controlled by his Spiritual Power?

Pa, the two of them staggered. Fortunately, Ling Han controlled his power, or else even if it was a blunt stone, it would still be fatal if it smashed over at high speed.

Who was sneak attacking them?

The two of them stopped and looked behind them. However, the street was cold and empty. What person was there?

This was strange.

Ling Han couldnt help but smile. These two people were taking advantage of their connections as an intimidation tactic, so how could he not teach them a lesson?

What are you laughing at? The two of them couldnt find the person who had launched the sneak attack, but in their anger and embarrassment, they shouted at Ling Han, not knowing that the person in front of them was the main culprit.

Ling Han said unhurriedly, There are gods everywhere. If you disrespect me, be careful not to be punished by the heavens.

Hehe, who do you think you are? An officer sneered.

Do you think youre so great just because youre a student of the Imperial Capital Academy? Youre just lucky. If it were in the past, a commoner like you wouldnt have the qualifications to enter the academy at all! Another officer also became disdainful.

Ling Han shook his head. Xiu, xiu, another two small rocks flew out of thin air and smashed towards the backs of the two officers.

Peng, peng! Under the high-speed propulsion, the impact of the two stones was so powerful that they immediately smashed the two officers to the ground.

The two of them couldnt help but be astonished. Who exactly was attacking them?

It was absolutely impossible for it to be Ling Han. Firstly, they were facing him, so how could he possibly attack them from behind? Secondly, they had not seen Ling Han make a move.

Could it be that there really was a ghost?

If that was not the case, how could such a strange thing be explained?

Ah!

To their horror, they realized that two rocks on the ground had floated up out of thin air and were flying towards them.

Peng, peng, the two of them were knocked down again. Many of their teeth fell out.

If it were Xuanyuan Dingguo and the others, they would have guessed that there was a Grandmaster of Spiritual power nearby who could use his Spiritual Power to move objects. However, the knowledge of these two officers was limited. How could they know so much?

They were trembling in fear. In their eyes, things that were beyond common sense were naturally related to ghosts and gods.bender

You, you saw it, right? the two of them asked Ling Han.

Saw what? Ling Han pretended to be surprised.

Didnt you see that huge rock fly up? The two of them were about to go crazy.

What rock? Ling Han felt that his acting skills were still quite good.

There was really a ghost, there was definitely a ghost!

Otherwise, how could Ling Han not have seen it?

The two of them looked up at the sky.. Was there really a god?