Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3384: Thrown Into the Heaven Prison

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Lets go, what are you waiting for? Ling Han said, striding forward.

The two officers bared their teeth. Were they escorting Ling Han, or was Ling

Han escorting them?

The two of them were stunned for a moment, and only then did they realize

that they were chasing after Ling Han.

After walking for another twenty minutes, they arrived at the Heaven Prison. Stop! Of course, the prison was heavily guarded. Those who could be locked up here were not unknown people. No one without some status could be locked in

Who are you? A guard walked out.

Ling Han smiled slightly, and said, Oh, under Grandmaster Hongs orders, Im sending someone to the Heaven Prison.bender

Grand Tutor Hong?

The guard nodded and asked, Where is the prisoner?

Thats me. Ling Han pointed at himself.

The guard almost spluttered. You? You dont look like you are being sent the Heaven Prison. How can you be so calm? Look, the two soldiers behind are cowering. They look exactly like your subordinates.

How could they be the people who are escorting you?

Dont joke, he said.

Ling Hans expression also became serious, and he said, Im not joking.

Is that so? The guard looked at the two officers.

Thats true. The two officers nodded, but they were still worried about ghosts and gods. They shrank their necks in fear.

Wheres the warrant? the guard asked.Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

An officer took out the warrant and handed it to the guard.

The guard took a closer look, and the expression on his face became even stranger. It was true. Ling Han was the person who was going to be thrown into the prison. But the problem was, who would be so relaxed after encountering such a matter, as if they were on vacation?

Then lets go through the procedures first. The guard nodded.

After a series of procedures, Ling Han was also officially taken into the Heaven

Prison.

However, the Heaven Prison was different from ordinary prisons. The people here might be executed tomorrow, and the entire family would be buried with them. However, they might also be immediately released and promoted to higher ranks.

Thus, the things that Ling Han had were not confiscatedif they were really confiscated, then Ling Han would definitely resist, because when the time came, and they gave him a different gourd, who could he reason with?

However, his optical computer was removed and he was forbidden from contacting the outside world.

Ling Han didnt mind, because Sixth Baby had been following him.

Father, Ill go call Eldest Baby and the others over. Lets tear down this prison together and destroy this imperial capital! Sixth Baby said excitedly. She was not angry about Ling Han being locked up, only excited about the idea of a battle.

F*ck, what exactly did these children experience in the gourds? Could they not be so violent?

Although Ling Han could not see Sixth Babys current expression, she was definitely so excited that her face must be red.

Sigh, raising these few children was a huge pressure.

He hurriedly said, No need, no need. Go to the Formation Master Association and Alchemist Association tomorrow, find the respective Chairpersons, and leave a message for them.

Not fighting? Sixth Baby was instantly disappointed.

You can fight in the future. Ling Han could only guarantee this.

Only then did Sixth Baby regain her spirits and run away.

Ling Han calmed himself down. He believed that Grand Tutor Hong was targeting him not simply because of Yu Yi or Hong Taichen, but because he wanted to trample him into eternal damnation. In this way, he naturally could no longer threaten Hong Tianbu.

Hong Clan, Hong Clan, was a struggle inevitable then?

Ling Han smiled faintly. On his whole journey to this day, who had he ever been afraid of?

Originally, he had wanted to have a fair competition with Hong Tianbu. Prodigies like them would only be able to ignite an even stronger fighting spirit when they had powerful competitors. Otherwise, how could their fighting spirit be ignited when they were faced with mediorcre opponents?

However, since Grand Tutor Hong had broken the rules first, he would fight the Hong Clan.

The news of Ling Han being imprisoned quickly spread within the corresponding range. Killing a City Lord of the Majestic Empire was an extremely serious crime, and it was immediately reported to Council Chairman Yang Bai. Then, the news spread through the grapevine, and it went viral among the circle of second-generation young masters in the Imperial City. However, this matter was too sensitive. Yang Bai immediately ordered that no one was allowed to visit him in prison. He would personally conduct the trial another day.

The next morning, Ling Han cultivated as usual. He would not give up cultivating just because he was locked up.

Half an hour later, he slowly finished his cultivation.

After a while, he heard footsteps. He thought it was a prison guard delivering food, but when the footsteps reached his cell, they stopped and there was no more movement.

Ling Han opened his eyes, and looked towards that person.

It was a young man. He was quite handsome and had a slender figure. He exuded confidence and arrogance.

Ling Han took a look, and then closed his eyes again.

Acting cool in front of him? Heh.

That young man couldnt help but be stunned. Why are you like this?

Do you know how many people can enter the prison now? Do you know how much power this requires?

When you see me, shouldnt you ask about my identity excitedly and let me calmly show off?

However, Ling Hans reaction had directly reduced his aura to nothing.

Cough! He cleared his throat to attract Ling Hans attention, and said, Im Jin Shaojian.

Oh. Ling Han nodded.

Is that all you do?

How could you there be no reaction after an oh?

Jin Shaojian instantly had the urge to go crazy. Ling Han had clearly not hit him, scolded him, or looked down on him, yet he felt as if he had received 10,000 points of damage.

As far as he was concerned, no matter how prodigious Ling Han was, he was just an ordinary person. In front of the Jin Clans foundation, he was completely insignificant.

Therefore, he felt a strong sense of superiority.

But now, his sense of superiority was completely useless. Ling Han, do you know what kind of situation youre in? Jin Shaojian suppressed his anger and asked in a low voice.

Isnt it obvious? Ling Han smiled. Sitting in the Heaven Prison.

You know that too! Jin Shaojian snorted and said, Youre really audacious. You even dare to kill a City Lord of the Majestic Empire! Do you know that youre already a corpse? Youre just waiting for the verdict.

Ling Han looked at him, and asked, You can save me?

Of course! Jin Shaojian said proudly. He had finally gotten to the point. Come, come and beg me.

Ling Han looked at Jin Shaojian.

Was there a major power like the Jin Clan in the capital?

The Four Great Generals were not sumamed Jin, nor was the Council Chairman. It was even more impossible for the Hong Clan. Who else could resist Grand Tutor Hong and rescue him from the Heaven Prison?

Wait, when he bought the materials for the formation foundations, he had interacted with a person called Jin Sanyin.

Eh?

Could this Jin Shaojian be related to Jin Sanyin?

Curious, Ling Han asked, What qualifies you to bail me out? What qualifies you to go against Grand Tutor Hong?

You dont even know how powerful our Jin Clan is! Jin Shaojian snorted. Ten Grand Tutor Hongs combined are not worthy of carrying our Jin Clans shoes!

That powerful?

Ling Hans heart stirred. Was this a hidden clan? They clearly werent famous, but they didnt even consider an Inscription Tier elite worthy of their notice. Hmm, Ill try my best to get information out of him.

Ling Han cracked a smile, and said, I dont believe it.. Since you are so strong, why havent I heard of your clan before?