Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3385: Two Grandmasters Mobilized

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

How could an ignorant person like you have heard of the deeds of the Jin Clan? Jin Shaojian revealed a proud expression. We have existed since the last civilization!

En?

Ling Hans eyes flickered. The survivors of the previous civilization?

This was really big news.

Youre spouting nonsense, arent you? He smiled, wanting to trick Jin Shaojian into saying more.

Jin Shaojian wanted to say something else, but he sneered. Are you trying to get information out of me?

Im not trying to get information out of you. Ive already got it out of you. Are you stupid?

Ling Han chuckled, and said, There is nothing that cannot be spoken. Are you feeling guilty? As expected, youre bragging!

However, Jin Shaojian did not fall for it this time, and said, Ling Han, the number of people who can save you right now can be counted on one hand, and the only ones who are willing to save you are our Jin Clan! So, if you dont want to die, immediately submit to this young master, and this young master can save you.

Ling Han remained calm and composed, and said with a smile, How do you want to save me? Do you want to deal with Grand Tutor Hong, or do you want to break me out of prison?

I will use another person to replace you. In the future, you will no longer be Ling Han, but a dog of my Jin Clan, Jin Shaojian said proudly.

In fact, Jin Sanyin had not given him such instructions. However, he was displeased in his heart. Why should he, the young master of the Jin Clan, be polite to a nobody?

Thus, he put on a lofty attitude, intending to trample on Ling Hans dignity.

What was there to be afraid of?

Now that Ling Han had a favor to ask of him, how could it be that it was him that had to put on a humble attitude instead?

What a joke!

Ling Han gave an oh, and his evaluation of the Jin Clan instantly went straight down.

If the Jin Clan had the ability to easily deal with Grand Tutor Hong, then their strength would truly be formidable. But now, their plan was to use a substitute in his place to deceive the world. This meant that the Jin Clan was still afraid of the royal family and did not dare to go overboard.

After understanding this, Ling Han no longer had any interest in this Jin Shaojian.

Hey! Hey! Jin Shaojian called out. Why did Ling Han close his eyes again as he spoke? Didnt he see that he was still there?

Go out, I want to rest. Ling Han waved his hand.

Do you think Im your servant? Do you think you can tell me to come and go as you please?Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Jin Shaojian revealed an angry expression. He snorted and said, Dont act on impulse. Without me, with Grand Tutor Hongs hatred for you, he would probably convict you and kill you in less than three days.

What an annoying crow. He was clearly not liked, but he was still chirping and saying unpleasant things.

He really did not know his place.

Ling Han smiled, and said, Then Ill make a bet with you. Ill definitely be able to leave here today.

Ha, hahaha! Jin Shaojian was stunned for a moment before he laughed out loud. This person was crazy. Yes, he had only been locked up for a day before he went crazy.

He shook his head. Was this kind of trash worthy of being valued by the Jin Clan?

Alright, Ill wait here and see how you leave.

In any case, it was only for a day. He would just treat it as a show.

Ling Han ignored him and continued to close his eyes to rest. He was thinking about Grandmaster-level pill recipes and formations. Although they were limited in number, they were still worth studying.

Jin Shaojian watched and could not help but feel angry again.

What was going on? Ling Han was clearly the one who was locked up, so why did it feel like he was the trapped beast?

Alright, Ill endure it and wait to see what youll do.

Outside, in the Alchemist Association.

Qi Liandong was studying an ancient pill recipe. It was incomplete, and he had always wanted to repair it.

Under the restrictions of the heaven and earth environment, alchemists would reach only Grandmaster level, or rather four-star alchemist level, and that was it. This was because there was simply no five-star medicinal ingredient for them to refine, so how could they become five-star alchemists?

Moreover, the number of pill recipes they had discovered was limited, and there were no five-star ones. If they wanted to rely on themselves to figure it out, how could a hundred years be enough?

Just as he was concentrating, there was a sudden knock on the door, and it was shockingly loud.

Whats the situation?

Qi Liandong was stunned. Didnt he say that no one was to disturb him?

Was the sky falling on them? Was there a need to use so much strength?

He walked over to open the door, but when he opened it, he didnt see anything.

Qi Liandong couldnt help but get angry. There was actually someone who dared to play tricks on him in his own territory?

Huh.

He lowered his head and saw a piece of paper on the ground. He picked it up and looked at it. He couldnt help but reveal an angry expression.

It was written that Ling Han had been thrown into the prison by Grand Tutor Hong, and would be put on trial at a later date.

Damn, he dared to touch a genius in his alchemy world?

The old geezer was immediately enraged. As for studying pill recipes? He strode out and called over a few High Level alchemists to scold them. How dare they not inform him of such a serious matter?

Those High Level alchemists also felt very wronged. Which one of them didnt spend all their time and energy on alchemy? Why would they care about what was happening outside? It was only after Qi Liandong told them that they found out that something had happened to Ling Han.

Everyone turned on their optical computers to take a look and roughly understand the situation.

It was very simple. Ling Han had killed the City Lord of lining City, which was why he had been sent to the Heaven Prison by Grand Tutor Hong.

Qi Liandong also saw the image that Ling Han had released, and couldnt help but feel even angrier. This was clearly Yu Yls family provoking him several times, and Ling Han had already restrained himself enough. In his opinion, it was only natural for Ling Han to make a move.

Shameless Grand Tutor Hong, what the f*ck are you trying to do?

Teng!

Qi Liandong stood up and shouted, Lets go and demand for his release!

Huh?1

All the alchemists were astounded. Demand for his release? Where would they go to demand for his release?

Um, Lord Chairperson, where are we going? someone asked boldly.

The prison, of course! Qi Liandong replied. He even rolled his eyes at that person. F*ck, youre too stupid.

Everyone was shocked. They were going to break him out of Heaven Prison?

Then, all of them became excited.

This was breaking him out of Heaven Prison. Who would dare?

Them!

However, with Qi Liandong taking the lead, this matter may be risky, but completely fine. The status of alchemists was extraordinary, and this time, they were only going against Grand Tutor Hong and not the royal family. Therefore, there was nothing to be afraid of.

Lets go, lets go. Lets go break him out of Heaven Prison.

These alchemists had always been studying alchemy. Their lives could be said to be very simple. Now that such an exciting thing had suddenly appeared, everyone was excited.

Qi Liandong gritted his teeth. In his opinion, this should have been an infuriating matter. How had it become like this when it came to these people? What are you all so excited about?bender

Forget it, the most important thing now was to save Ling Han. Everything else could be discussed later.

This Chairperson of the Alchemist Association led dozens of alchemists and majestically headed towards the Heaven Prison.

Not long after, the same scene also happened at the Formation Masters Association. Chen Hao was also furious. He led a large number of Formation Masters and rushed towards the prison. Damn, Grand Tutor Hong, youre too much. How dare you touch their Formation Master genius?

When Sixth Baby sent the letter, she also considered the distance between the two headquarters. Therefore, although the Alchemist Association set off first, because of the distance, the time when the two forces reached the prison would not be much different.

This was going to be lively..