Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3386: Outrage

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Qi Liandong arrived first.

Seeing dozens of people coming aggressively, the guards of the Heaven Prison immediately became nervous.

Damn, there was actually someone who wanted to break into the Heaven

Prison?

This was unprecedented.

Stop right there! A small team leader was forced to appear. He held a long spear in his hand and shouted, This is the forbidden territory of Heaven Prison. No one is allowed to approach!

Qi Liandong snorted and said, I am the Chairperson of the Alchemist

Association, Qi Liandong. Do you dare to stop me?

The captain was shocked. The Chairperson of the Alchemist Association was

such an awesome big shot!

But is it true?

He secretly used his optical computer to search for Qi Liandongs information and a photo immediately popped up. As expected, it was the old geezer in front of him. However, in this day and age, just looking like him might not mean this was the real person. Makeup and disguise techniques could be used to disguise an impostor as the real person.

The captain smiled and said, May I ask what Lord is doing here?F0lloww new 𝒄hapters at nov/(e)l/bin/(.)com

This was the Heaven Prison. It should not be a place where alchemists appeared at all.

What am I doing? Qi Liandong laughed coldly. I came to demand a release!

You came to the Heaven Prison to demand a release?

F*ck, did he want to break into the prison?

Lord, dont joke around! The team leader wiped his cold sweat and hurriedly contacted the higher-ups. This was the Chairperson of the Alchemist Association, not someone he could afford to offend.

Joking with you? Qi Liandong sneered. Are you worthy?

He was usually not such an aggressive person, but who asked Ling Han to be

locked up here, so how could he still have a good temper?

The captain could only swallow this slap in the face. Who asked him to be so insignificant in front of a grandmaster-level alchemist?

However, it was his duty to guard the prison, and he did not allow Qi Liandong

to barge in to rescue any prisoners.

He hurriedly asked, May I know who Lord wants?

He tried his best to stall for time. As long as the people in the higher ranks came, he would have nothing more to do with this matter.

Ling Han, Qi Liandong said in a low voice. Ill give you ten minutes. I want to see him. Otherwise, I can only force my way in.

Lord, please calm down, please calm down! The captain hurriedly smiled apologetically, but he was shouting in his heart, Why isnt the higher-ups here yet?

He said all the pleasantries he could to deal with Qi Liandong. He said that he had already sent someone to communicate and asked Qi Liandong to wait for a while.

After a while, the head of the prison finally arrived.

Xi Boyi was an Extreme Bone Tier elite who had been guarding the Heaven

Prison for seven years.

Lord Qi! The moment Xi Boyi appeared, he rushed towards Qi Liandong with

a warm smile on his face.

Qi Liandong was indifferent. Even if the Four Great Generals and Grand Tutor Hong came, he would still not give them face, let alone an Extreme Bone Tier elite, the head of Heaven Prison.

This was the transcendent status of alchemists.

-Lord Qi, whats wrong? Who made you unhappy? Xi Boyi asked with a smile.

Qi Liandong sneered, and said, My patience has run out. Release Ling Han immediately, or I will personally bring him out!

Lord, arent you making things difficult for me? Xi Boyi spread out his hands.

Ling Han is a felon sent over by Grand Tutor Hong, and Lord Yang has also spoken. Without his orders, no one is allowed to meet Ling Han privately. You still want me to release him, but Im truly powerless.

Then scram to the side. Dont be a hindrance here! Qi Liandong harrumphed in an extremely domineering manner.

All the alchemists were secretly pleased. Although others did indeed put on a very humble front when asking them for alchemy favors, they were definitely not as flashy as they were now.

As expected of the Chairperson. Awesome and domineering.

HOW could Xi Boyi sit back and do nothing? He was the Heaven Prisons Chief of Guards. If he watched others break into the prison, it was not just a matter of reprimand for him. This was negligence and malfeasance, and he would be punished.

Lord! Lord! Please calm down. Lets inform the Council Chairman about this first. He stopped Qi Liandong. No matter what, he could not let Qi Liandong really break into the prison.

Fortunately, although Qi Liandong was a four-star alchemist and was on equal footing with the Four Great Generals, his own battle prowess was only in the Extreme Bone Tier. With an alchemists battle prowess, heh heh, he could block it.

Qi Liandong was so angry that his beard was trembling. A mere jailer actually dared to stop him?

B*stard! The old geezer huffed in anger and glared at him. He was going

crazy.

Hehe, old geezer Qi, whats wrong with you? An old voice sounded. Qi Liandong was stunned. He turned to look. Wasnt this his old rival, Chen Hao?

However, this time, Qi Liandong was not angry. Instead, he felt that reinforcements had arrived, and hurriedly asked, Old geezer Chen, did you also come because you received news from Ling Han?

Of course, thats the person I value the most, Chen Hao said proudly. He had fought with Qi Liandong all his life and had to compete in everything. Now, he was finally going to have the upper hand.

It was obvious that Qi Liandong would not be able to pass through.

An alchemist like him was trash!

Then blast this place open for this old man! Qi Liandong roared furiously. He had been obstructed by Xi Boyi several times and was already extremely furious.bender

Hehe, old geezer Qi, are you begging me? Chen Hao said proudly.

Ling Han is locked inside. See for yourself, Qi Liandong said with a humph. At the thought of Ling Han, Chen Hao could not be bothered to argue with Qi Liandong. He shouted softly, Set up the formation!

The Formation Masters he brought immediately began to set up their formation foundations.

Xi Boyis heart skipped a beat.

No matter how much an alchemist messed around, their destructive power was ultimately limited. Within the same cultivation level, an alchemist was a weakling. It was very normal for someone to be defeated by someone two or three minor cultivation levels lower.

However, Formation Masters were different.

Once a formation was set up, it was very normal for a Formation Master to contend with an opponent two or three minor levels higher than themselves. However, during a battle, who would give a Formation Master enough time to set up a formation?

But the problem now was, did he dare to take the initiative to attack a Formation Master?

Attacking a Formation Master, hehe, this hat could completely pin him to death.

Are you saying that Chen Hao and the others attacked the prison? What a joke, he didnt even activate the formation, wasnt this a joke?

Xi Boyi gritted his teeth, and said, Lords, please calm down. I will release Ling Han now!

Letting Ling Han go was better than razing the entire prison, right?

Moreover, the two Chairpersons had joined forces to demand his release. Wasnt their reputation greater than Grand Tutor Hong s?

How despicable, refusing to listen to nice words, Qi Liandong said coldly.

Thats because you dont have enough face! Chen Hao took the opportunity to attack.

Xi Boyi was speechless. He made an inviting gesture and led the two Chairpersons into the prison.

Of course, even if he had ten thousand guts, he wouldnt dare to make a move in the prison and capture the two Chairpersons to threaten the alchemists and Formation Masters outside.

The three of them entered the prison. Under Xi Boyis lead, they walked all the way to Ling Hans cell.

The prison was actually not big because not many people were qualified to enter it. Moreover, the current emperor was so wise and mighty. He would not cause any injustice, and not many people would dare to rebel, so there was no need for much space.

Soon, they arrived at Ling Hans cell.

En?

Jin Shaojian turned around.. What was going on?