Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3388: The Demon Race Causing Trouble Again

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Grand Tutor Hong was certain that this was all Ling Han’s doing.

Otherwise, how could there be such a coincidence?

Oh, Ling Han had just come out of the prison, and something had happened to the Hong Clan’s property at night?

However, he could not produce any evidence.

There were surveillance cameras in every corner of the Imperial Capital, and they could clearly see that Ling Han had never left the academy.

Since he didn’t leave, how could he cause trouble?

However, Grand Tutor Hong was certain that even if Ling Han did not personally make a move, he was the one who had instructed others to do so.

This guy only knew a few people in the capital.

Grand Tutor Hong immediately sent someone to investigate. As long as he caught the troublemaker from last night, he would be able to follow the clues and trace it back to Ling Han.

He would definitely not spare Ling Han.

However, after a day, two days, and three days, he still could not find the person who caused trouble that night. In fact, he did not have any clues at all.

It seemed that these people had appeared out of thin air or could become invisible. None of the surveillance cameras had detected anything unusual. Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

Grand Tutor Hong was begrudging, and could only place his focus once again on the matter of Ling Han killing a City Lord of the Majestic Empire.

However, Yang Bai quickly gave his verdict. It was indeed Yu Yi who started the trouble first-of course, it would be even better if Ling Han did not kill him.

No matter what, it was definitely wrong for Ling Han to kill a City Lord of the Majestic Empire. However, considering that he was already a Formation Master and alchemist at the grandmaster level, with the support of his double identity, even Yang Bai would not dare to do anything to Ling Han.

If they wanted to sentence Ling Han, it would have to be the emperor himself.

Otherwise, even such older princes, like the First and Second Prince, could not do anything.

In other words, Ling Han easily brushed this matter aside.

Grand Tutor Hong was also speechless. Now that Ling Han had two more protective talismans, the identities of a Grandmaster Formation Master and a Grandmaster Alchemist, even he could do nothing about him. As long as such a person did not commit a major crime of treason, and the Holy Emperor did not speak, who would dare to do anything to him?

However, Ling Han’s counterattack did not stop. Not only did he destroy all of the Hong Clan’s businesses, as long as the Hong Clan repaired any of them, he would destroy them again.

He just had to hand such a small matter to Sixth Baby, so he did not have to worry about a gourd floating in midair and arousing suspicion.

When the news spread, everyone knew that this was definitely Ling Han s doing. Otherwise, how could there be such a coincidence?

However, no one could directly link Ling Han to the troublemaker, and this caused the crowd in the Imperial Capital to be astounded. Just how did Ling

Han do it?

On the first day, the Hong Clan had not been on guard. However, from the second day onwards, the Hong Clan had deployed a large number of troops to every property. It was fine if it was destroyed, but the key was that they did not even see a single person. This was too strange.

Ling Han did not take it seriously. In any case, this had already become Sixth Baby’s daily routine. When she was happy, she would go and make a fuss, and when she was unhappy, she would also go and make a fuss.

Relying on the help of formations and alchemical pills, Ling Han calculated that he would need about three months to cultivate to the peak stage of the Seventh Change. He had previously torn apart too many shackles, and his level of being had risen to an extremely terrifying level, giving him a huge room for improvement.

Therefore, without a ‘windfall’, it would take him a full three months to reach

his peak.

Just as Ling Han was searching for information on new ancient sites, something major happened.

It was really a big matter, and it was closely related to him.

The Demon Race sent out envoys again, but this time, it was not a peaceful

visit. Instead, they issued an ultimatum.

Hand over Ling Han. Otherwise, see you on the battlefield.

It was very simple, but very domineering.

This caused an uproar in the imperial capital. Why did the Demon Race value

Ling Han so much?

In terms of freakishness, Hong Tianbu was not inferior to Ling Han at all. Back then, he had defeated the Fifth Prince of the Demon Race even though there was a gap of a major cultivation level.

However, the Demon Race didn’t want Hong Tianbu, and had only singled out

Ling Han.

‘Why?’

After Ling Han received the news, he immediately guessed that it was because of the Demonic Monkey Fists.

The Demon Race coveted the Demonic Monkey Fists, so they wanted to capture him and interrogate him about the secrets of the Demonic Monkey Fists.

However, no matter what the Demon Race wanted Ling Han for, their threat was real.

If they didn’t hand him over, they would attack!

The Demon Race had already displayed their powerful strength. This was a real threat. Once a huge battle broke out, to say nothing of whether the Dark North Nation could withstand it, it would at least be an incomparably difficult battle. Who knew how many people would die?

And what if they lost?

The Dark North Nation would become a paradise for the Demon Race. All humans would become slaves and in fact, food for the Demon Race.

But what if they only sacrificed Ling Han?

Many people immediately made suggestions to the Imperial Court, hoping that Ling Han would step forward bravely and sacrifice himself for the greater good.

These people were even more eloquent, saying that Ling Han’s life force had already been depleted, and it was utterly impossible for him to break through to the Extreme Bone Tier. Then, if sacrificing a Blood Transformation Tier cultivator could be exchanged for peace, so why not do it?

Why did thousands of soldiers have to bleed and sacrifice themselves instead? They were all using righteousness to pressure Ling Han into sacrificing himself for the sake of the masses.

Of course, there were also many people who objected. That was, Ling Han was now a grandmaster-level alchemist and Formation Master. So what if his life force was destroyed? It would not affect his ability to continue being freakish.

What if the Demon Race also took a fancy to this point of Ling Han’s and asked him to go to the Yue Empire to impart formations and alchemy?

Finally, it was the faction that supported the proposal of war. They submitted a letter requesting to start a war with the Demon Race.

The Holy Emperor was in seclusion, and no one could report to him. The decision of this matter fell on Council Chairman Yang Bai.

Should he hand him over or not?

That was a problem.

Yang Bai felt a headache coming on. He felt that Ling Han was really a troublemaker. The matter of killing a City Lord of the Majestic Empire had not been completely resolved, yet this fellow had actually been targeted by the Demon Race again.

■Can’t you behave yourself?’

Yang Bai did not make a light decision. This was not a joke.

If they handed him over, a war could be avoided. However, the reputation of the Dark North Nation would naturally fall to rock bottom. Moreover, the Demon Race had tasted the benefits. What if they continued to threaten them in the future? However, if they did not hand him over, the people would definitely be plunged into misery and suffering under the bloody battle.

…A hundred years ago, when heaven and earth first changed, a large number of Demonic Beasts appeared, causing a catastrophe to humanity. At least 99% of the people at that time had died, but now, not even one-tenth of them had recovered, and they were going to fight another bloody battle?

Who knew how many more people would die?

Yang Bai did not dare to make such a decision. He immediately contacted the Four Great Generals and the other princes to discuss.

However, Ling Han had already been forbidden from leaving the academy.

His meaning was very clear. He was afraid that if he made the decision to hand Ling Han over, Ling Han would run away, and he would not be able to report back.

Ling Han smiled coldly. If he really wanted to escape, he just had to enter the Essence Nurturing Gourd and let Sixth Baby carry him as she ran. Who would be able to discover him?

He wanted to see what the final outcome would be. If it was to hand him over, he would leave immediately. If it was the opposite, he would stay behind to fight the Demon Race together.

The Four Great Generals and the elder princes were rushing back, but they needed time. It would take at least four to five days. During this period of time, many people were jumping around non-stop. They were not at ease at all. They wanted to develop pressure from public opinion before the decision was made..