Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3389: Jin Sanyins Visit

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

During this special period, those who had a grudge against Ling Han were especially energetic.

For example, Chen Jingye and a few other younger princes were extremely proactive. They desperately wanted to kill Ling Han, and they continuously ran and lobbied, wanting to seize this opportunity to kill Ling Han.

Otherwise, even if they were princes, it would still be as difficult as ascending

to the heavens to kill someone with two grandmaster titles.

In reality, other than the Holy Emperor whose personal reputation had reached the pinnacle, and everyone thought that everything he did was right, when a prince succeeded the throne in the future, would he dare to touch mighty figures like the Four Great Generals and the Chairperson of the Alchemist Association?

Without a mistake of principle, these people would not fall.

Therefore, they had to seize this opportunity.

Dont look down on these princes. Although it was impossible for them to inherit the throne, they were still the sons of the Holy Emperor. Who wouldnt give them some face?

Besides them, Grand Tutor Hong was also active.

in addition, there were also clowns like Feng Ruoxian and Hu Yang. They also had some small power. As they kept promoting it, it gradually formed a public opinion in the capital.bender

The best solution was for Ling Han to sacrifice himself.

Under such circumstances, the Four Great Generals, the Second Prince, the Third Prince, and other important figures also returned to the capital. This time, things had really blown up. It was very likely that the Demon Race would attack. No one could stay out of it.

As the person involved, Ling Han, on the other hand, was leisurely and carefree. He had already made his decision, so there was no need to worry about personal gains and losses anymore.

It was night.

Ling Han was currently practicing his Spiritual power. Although there were no cultivation techniques that he could cultivate, through continuous consumption, he could slowly grow stronger. The efficiency was very low, but Spiritual Power was too important. He had to cultivate it no matter how low the efficiency was.

He Stopped abruptly and opened his eyes. His divine sense caught a glimpse of an uninvited guest.

Theres a thief! Second Baby suddenly shouted.

Where? the other children asked.

There! Second Baby pointed.

Immediately, the Calabash Brothers pounced forward.

Ping, ping, ping, ping, ping! There was a chaotic battle.

This is troublesome. This is an old fart at the peak of Enlightenment Tier!

Third Baby, if youre not afraid of being beaten up, come and take it.

I breathe fire!

I spit water!Finndd the new𝒆st 𝒏ovels on n/𝒐/velbin(.)com

It was a mess. The children were not afraid when facing an Enlightenment Tier elite. Instead, they were filled with fighting spirit.

Ling Han smiled, and said, Alright, stop. This is not a thief. Hearing his words, the seven children finally stopped and jumped back. Im sleepy. I want to sleep. Seventh Baby yawned and fell asleep. An old man walked out of the darkness. He bared his teeth and could not hide his shock.

Jin Sanyin was from a hidden clan.

It wasnt that he hadnt seen Extreme Bone Tier elites before, but a few two or three-year-old Extreme Bone Tier elites This was too shocking.

Ling Han smiled, and said, Mr Jin.

Young friend, you can always surprise me. Jin Sanyin shook his head and lamented.

Ling Han chuckled. Anyone who saw the Calabash Brothers would be shocked. -What business do you have, Mr Jin? he asked. It was obvious that the other party wasnt just here to see him.

Jin Sanyin looked at Ling Han for a moment, then said with a smile, Young friend, you should know by now that my Jin Clan came from the previous civilization, right?

Seeing that he had taken the initiative to mention it, Ling Han asked, When I heard about it previously, I was really shocked. I wonder if Mr Jin can tell me why the previous civilization was exterminated?

Jin Sanyin hesitated slightly. He did not expect Ling Han to be so impolite. He thought for a moment, then said, My knowledge is also limited. Back then, Celestial Sea Planet should have been invaded by a powerful force. In an extremely short period of time, the entire martial arts civilization was destroyed.

In this battle, Celestial Sea Planet, also suffered serious damage and was no longer suitable for cultivation.

It wasnt until a hundred years ago when heaven and earth finally recovered that the path of martial arts was restored.

Oh, so thats how it is. Ling Han nodded, but in his heart, he did not completely believe this theory.

For example, the people at the Eternal Moon Ancient Site were most likely evacuated by themselves. Otherwise, if they encountered a massacre, traces of a fight should be everywhere. The houses shouldnt be so intact. Therefore, Jin Sanyins words could only be used as a reference.

Young friend, youre in a bad situation now! Jin Sanyin said with emotion, looking anxious for Ling Hans sake. Right now, theres already a public opinion that wants you to sacrifice yourself for the greater good. Ling Han chuckled. If this was a debate in the Imperial Court, he would naturally speak frankly and confidently, but when it came to Jin Sanyin, he couldnt be bothered to waste his breath.

I wonder if Mr. Jin has any good suggestions? Ling Han asked.

Jin Sanyins expression was solemn, and he said, Ling Han, you must not underestimate the Demon Race! In the early stage, because of their physique, the Demon Race cultivate far faster than us humans. Even for higher cultivation levels, there is no lack of prodigy among the Demon Race. Cultivation is the evolution process of the level of being, and many Demon Races level of being is naturally higher than that of humans. It requires us to spend several times, ten times, or even dozens of times more time and effort to surpass them.

Therefore, once the Dark North Nation really starts a war with the Demon Race, I believe that the human race will only suffer a huge defeat. Ling Han smiled, and said, Then what Mr Jin means is that I should sacrifice myself?

Jin Sanyin shook his head. Of course not. Otherwise, I wouldnt have come here. What I mean is that even if the Dark North Nation wants to protect you, its impossible for them to protect you. Therefore, your only way out is to leave.

After all this time, he was so unoriginal?

Previously, Jin Shaojians solution was also extremely petty. He would find someone to replace him. No wonder the Jin Clan had become a hidden clan. If they stood on the stage with this bit of magnanimity, what could they do? Moreover, if Ling Han escaped, but the Dark North Nation was determined to fight, then how could Ling Han be at ease?

Ling Han did not question him. Since Jin Sanyin had raised this idea, it was obvious that he did not care about the lives of others.

Im currently under house arrest. How are you going to take me away, Mr Jin? Ling Han asked. These words were actually probing Jin Sanyins background. Jin Sanyin smiled proudly. Since this old man dares to say this, I definitely have full confidence. However, not only does the Jin Clan have to bear a huge risk, but we also have to pay a huge price. I hope that young friend will join the Jin Clan in the future. You definitely dont have to worry about the treatment. Heh let alone the fact that Ling Han had never intended to rely on anyone or any force, even if he really wanted to find a backer, the Jin Clan would still be blacklisted by him.

They were too stingy. They did not do things in a dignified manner at all. If he followed the Jin Clan, he might be sacrificed at any time.

Ling Han smiled. Jin Sanyin was not Jin Shaojian. He was much more cunning and sly, and he could not find out anything from him.

Then theres no need to waste time.

He said, Thank you for your kind intentions, Mr. Jin. However, Im still full of confidence in His Majesty. As long as His Majesty comes out of seclusion, all demons and monsters will be reduced to ashes.

This demon referred not only to the Demon Race, but also to Jin Sanyin and the Jin Clan..