Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3397: Tempting Proposal

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The Princess of the Demon Race came to visit?

Ling Han was stunned at first, and then reacted.

Princess Bixiao must have come for the Demonic Monkey Fists. Otherwise, even if he was the second Hong Tianbu, the other party wouldnt think so highly of him.

You b*stard! Xuanyuan Dingguo punched Ling Hans chest.

Hmm, you dare to punch my father in the chest?

The seven Calabash Brothers stared at Xuanyuan Dingguo, intending to beat

him up.

Ling Han ignored Xuanyuan Dingguo, nodded at the little maid, and said, Go and invite her in.

The little handmaiden hurriedly turned around and invited the Demon RaceYôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com

Princess in.

Not long after, the little handmaiden and Princess Bixiao walked over one after another.

Previously, they were far away and could not see her clearly. However, now that this Demon Race princesss pretty face was in front of them, every inch of her skin could be seen clearly.

She was indeed beautiful. She was exquisite, dreamy, and surreal.

However, Ling Han didnt care at all. He was always with a great beauty like the empress, so he naturally had a strong immunity to beautiful women.

He smiled and cupped his fists. Greetings, Princess Bixiao.

Princess Bixiao pursed her lips into a smile, and said, How can a subject of a country that has surrendered be worthy of Grandmaster Lings courtesy?

Her voice was soft and melodious.

Father, this woman is a little powerful, Second Baby said via divine sense.

Shes already in the Mystery Realm Tier.

Ling Han couldnt help but narrow his eyes. This beauty who looked to be less than 20 years old was actually a Mystery Realm Tier elite?

He couldnt tell. Not at all.

He smiled slightly, and said, In front of Princess, a Mystery Realm Tier elite, how can I be called a Grandmaster?bender

So beautiful so beautiful so beautiful so Eh!

Xuanyuan Dingguo couldnt help but widen his eyes and open his mouth to gape. Princess Bixiao was actually a Mystery Realm Tier elite?

Princess Bixiao was also shocked. She had never expected that Ling Han would actually be able to see through her cultivation level. One had to know that she was wearing a treasure that could suppress her aura, and made it look like she was only in the Blood Transformation Tier.

She smiled and said, Grandmaster Ling is indeed extraordinary. Bixiao really admires your insight.

This was equivalent to admitting it.

Xuanyuan Dingguo couldnt close his mouth at all. His old man was only in the Inscription Tier, and faced with a Mystery Realm Tier, he would be insta-killed. How could he dare to have any thoughts about Bixiao?

However, Ling Han was as calm as ever. Chen Fengyan had already completely intimidated the Demon Race, so even if he was facing a Mystery Realm Tier cultivator, there was no need to worry. Under such circumstances, it was impossible for Princess Bixiao to make a move.

Since that was the case, what was there to fear about a Mystery Realm Tier?

Ling Han smiled faintly, and asked, Princess, why have you come here?

Princess Bixiao smiled sweetly and said, Bixiao would like to ask Grandmaster

Ling for a fist technique.

Here we go.

Ling Han pretended to be at a loss, and said, Your Highness is a Mystery Realm Tier elite, so why do you need me to teach you fist techniques?

Princess Bixiao did not expose Ling Han, and said, This fist technique should only be known by Grandmaster Ling.

Oh?

Princess Bixiao glanced at Xuanyuan Dingguo and said, I want to ask

Grandmaster Ling to teach me the Demonic Monkey Fists.

Since the other party had made it so clear, Ling Han could no longer pretend to be confused. He smiled, and said, This fist technique was taught to me by an elder. Without the approval of this elder, I dare not impart it on my own.

Princess Bixiao smiled. I wonder where this elder of Grandmaster Lings is now. Can Bixiao pay him a visit?

This elder of mine likes peace and quiet, and doesnt want to be disturbed,

Ling Han rejected immediately.

Princess Bixiaos beautiful eyes were filled with a myriad of emotions. In an instant, Xuanyuan Dingguo was captivated. When Bixiao came this time, my father instructed me to bring more things to befriend the important ministers of the imperial court.

Uh, was it really good to say it so bluntly?

Ling Han did not reply, and merely smiled.

Princess Bixiao stretched out her hand, and a green fruit with a hint of purple appeared in her palm, emitting an alluring fragrance. She smiled and said, This is the Fruit of Life. Even Enlightenment Realm Tier warriors can use it. Ling Hans heart instantly palpitated with excitement. However, he knew that Princess Bixiao was a Mystery Realm Tier elite, so it was naturally impossible for him to seize it by force. Then, he would really be taught a lesson.

Even Enlightenment Tiers can use it! Xuanyuan Dingguo patted Ling Hans shoulder continuously. This was a good thing that could make the Four Great Generals and the others go crazy.

Why were the Four Great Generals unable to break through?

Generally speaking, the heaven and earth did not allow it.

Why wasnt it allowed?

To a large extent, it was because they lacked the corresponding Treasured Fruit of Life. If they rashly broke through, they would exhaust themselves too much and die early.

If there was an Enlightenment Tier Life Fruit, then it was almost certain that General Xuanyuan could break through to the Enlightenment Tier.

Give it to her. What fist technique is more precious than a Treasured Fruit of Enlightenment Tier? he advised Ling Han by his ear.

Didnt this second-generation young master have any higher pursuits? Just a Treasured Fruit of Enlightenment Tier has already bought you over? Ling Han shook his head inwardly. The Demonic Monkey Fists was passed down by Brother Monkey, and was also the ultimate technique he was most proud of. And what was Brother Monkeys cultivation level? It was definitely not below Chen Fengyans.

Therefore, wasnt it crazy to exchange a fist technique at least at the Core Formation Tier for a Treasured Fruit at the Enlightenment Tier?

Seeing that Ling Han had no reaction, Princess Bixiao waved her hand, and a Treasured Fruit appeared in her left hand. This is a Treasured Fruit that can increase cultivation. How about it? As long as youre willing to hand over the Demonic Monkey Fists, Ill give you twenty of them.

Not to mention 20, even if there were more, Ling Han would not be able to impart it. This was not an ultimate technique he had obtained from an ancient site. Thus, he had to obtain Brother Monkeys approval first.

Im sorry, but Ive already made myself very clear just now. This was taught to me by an elder. Without the permission of this elder, its impossible for me to impart it to anyone, Ling Han said calmly, but his tone was very firm.

Princess Bixiao didnt try to persuade him anymore. She was good at judging people, and Ling Hans attitude was incomparably firm. It was impossible for him to waver.

Sorry to bother you. She smiled sweetly. She was not embarrassed even after being rejected.

This was extremely rare, because she was a Mystery Realm Tier elite.

Let me send you off, Princess, Ling Han said.

Princess Bixiao walked out of the door, then turned around and said, If you change your mind, you can look for me anytime.

Ling Han only smiled, and did not agree or refuse.

After watching Princess Bixiao disappear into the street, Ling Han turned around, intending to enter the house. However, he suddenly saw Xuanyuan Dingguos infatuated face. From the looks of it, as long as Princess Bixiao was willing to smile at him, he could even sell his own father off.

Was this woman really here to bring disaster to the country and the people? Ling Han shook his head, and said with a smile, Stop looking, shes already gone.

Xuanyuan Dingguo withdrew his gaze and clenched his right hand. Ive decided. From today onwards, Im going to work hard and surpass this princess of the Demon Race!

Ling Han was astounded. Beauty could actually motivate people to fight? Alright, it seemed that this Demon Race princess was not completely a disaster..