Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3398: Demon Race Prodigy Group

Translator: Henyee Translations | Editor: Henyee Translations

The Demon Race had treasures.

Previously, the fourth prince had been very generous and had given Ling Han more than 40 Treasured Fruits of Life. Now that a princess had arrived, she should continue this tradition, right?

However, firstly, Princess Bixiao was in the Mystery Realm Tier, so it was simply impossible for him to win. Secondly, her only duty was to be as beautiful as a flower, so how could she make a move so easily?

Therefore, it was unrealistic to obtain the Treasured Fruit if he wanted to do it by scamming Princess Bixiao like he had scammed the Fourth Prince of the Demon Race.

Even if he really succeeded, with Princess Bixiaos popularity, Ling Han would probably be condemned by everyone.

Then what should he do?

Ling Han looked towards the Calabash Brothers, and couldnt help but reveal a smile.

Sixth Baby, come, I have a mission for you, Ling Han said with a smile.

He instructed Sixth Baby in person, making the little kid nod continuously and reveal a look of realization.

I understand! I understand! Sixth Baby revealed a look of admiration. Father youre so despicable!

Ling Hans expression turned serious, and he said, Despicableness is not a compliment, you have to say I am wise.

Father, youre so wise! The seven children said at the same time.

What Ling Han taught Sixth Baby was nothing more than to make use of Sixth Babys invisibility ability to dirty Princess Bixiaos clothes, or to steal her spatial Spirit Tool while she was bathing.

With a shake of her hand, a Treasured Fruit had appeared. If it wasnt a spatial Spirit Tool, then what was it?

Sixth Baby immediately set off, while Ling Han waited for the good news.

In the middle of the night, Sixth Baby returned successfully. Father, I got it! Sixth Baby said and handed over a jade pendant. Lmg Han probed with his divine sense, and immediately entered into an inner space.

It was not big. It was just a three-foot-long, wide, and three-dimensional space. It was much smaller than the Essence Nurturing Gourd. Other than some Treasured Fruits, there were also a few pieces of clothing inside. However, there were no cultivation techniques or martial arts techniques. Seeing that there were still a few undergarments, Ling Han couldnt help but grit his teeth. This was a little too scarring.

He tried to put this spatial Spirit Tool into the Essence Nurturing Gourd, but he realized that he could not do it.

After thinking for a moment, Ling Han took out the items from the spatial Spirit Tool, and then buried the jade pendant in the small forest. If Princess Bixiao came here to search, he wouldnt have to worry.

And then after the commotion, this spatial Spirit Tool could be used.

Then, he took out a Treasured Fruit and ate it.

He needed to cultivate to the Extreme Bone Tier as soon as possible. Celestial Sea Planet seemed to be about to welcome another great explosion, and this time, it might completely liberate this planet and restore it to its former heyday.

Therefore, he had to seize this opportunity to rise. The stronger he was, the greater the opportunities he could obtain.

He cultivated with all his might.

What exceeded Ling Hans expectations was that although Princess Bixiao had been robbed, she did not start a search with great fanfare, acting as if nothing had happened at all.

This beauty was really shrewd.

The Imperial Capital returned to its former glory. Princess Bixiao began to show her unparalleled charm. Now, not only were all the princes mesmerized but even the generals were like old trees that had sprouted again.

There seemed to be only one name left in the entire Imperial Capital-Princess Bixiaoovershadowing Ling Han and overshadowing Hong Tianbu.

Moreover, the Demon Race would also send a delegation composed entirely of the young prodigies of the Yue Empire. This had set off another storm in the Imperial Capital. The Human Race had Hong Tianbu and Ling Han, so what kind of freakish geniuses would the Demon Race have?

Lmg Han ignored this. He was cultivating with all his might.

With the support of the Treasured Fruits, Ling Hans advancement was extremely rapid. Originally, it would take him three months to reach the peak stage of the Seventh Change, but now, three days was enough.

Sure enough, three days later, Ling Han arrived at the peak stage of the Seventh Change.

Ling Han was not in a hurry to break through. Even Treasured Fruits could not truly replace hard cultivation. The power he obtained this way was not stable enough. Furthermore, this was the peak stage of the Seventh Change and the next step was to break through to the next major tier. Even if it was cultivated through bitter cultivation, he would still have to turn back and polish his foundations properly.

With Second Baby keeping an eye on him, Ling Han believed that he could polish the Blood Transformation Tier to perfection.

At this moment, the Demon Races envoy finally arrived.

This was a team of a hundred people. There were men and women, and they were all very young. Even though the Demon Race had already become their subjects, these people were still arrogant.

In fact, they did have something to be proud of.

The number one elite of the diplomatic corps was called Hu Er. It was said that he was already an elite of the Mystery Realm Tier, but because the environment of heaven and earth did not allow it, he was unable to step into a higher cultivation level, and he was only a mere 27 years old.

With such talent, even Hong Tianbu would have to admit defeat.

Below Hu Er, there were three Enlightenment Tier elites. They were Hu Taifeng, Xiong Bao, and Ying Pokong. They were all under 30 years old. Below that, there were many Inscription Tier elites.

In comparison, Hong Tianbu was the only one from the human race who had advanced to the Inscription Tier under the age of 30. This was a little tragic.

It was said that the Demon Race advanced rapidly in the early stages of martial arts. It was indeed not exaggerated.

Once Hu Taifeng, Xiong Bao, and Ying Pokong arrived, they immediately challenged Hong Tianbu, saying that they could suppress their cultivation level and spar with Hong Tianbu. However, Hong Tianbu wasnt in the capital, so he naturally couldnt respond.

Hong Tianbu wasnt here, and Ling Han was. Thus, the spearhead was immediately pointed at Ling Han.

The Demon Race had declared that regardless of whether it was Hu Er, Xiong Bao, or others, they could suppress their cultivation level and spar with Ling Han. It was up to Ling Han whether he dared or not.bender

Ling Han ignored them. He had already proven with facts that he was invincible in the same cultivation level.

Right now, he didnt have the mood to pay attention to the Demon Race He wanted to improve his Body Arts as well, and then break through to the Extreme Bone Tier.

He was a busy man. How could he have the time to care about such trivial matters?

The Demon Race was indeed tyrannical. If not for the appearance of Chen Fengyan on the Human Races side, they would really only be meat for the Demon Race. Recently, more than a hundred prodigies of the Demon Race had been challenging everywhere. In the same cultivation level, there were no signs of defeat for the Demon Race.

Even if they were one cultivation level lower than their opponent, some of the Demon Race could still remain undefeated and even in fact win.

This was a racial advantage. Before embarking on the path of immortality, the Demon Race would always hold onto it and suppress the humans in terms of level of being.

After obtaining many victories, the Demon Race once again targeted Ling Han and Hong Tianbu. This was because these were the only two humans who had caused the Demon Race to suffer losses-there was no need to mention Chen Fengyan. He was now the undisputed number one elite on Celestial Sea Planet. Even the Demon Emperor had to lower his head.

The Demon Race continuously spread the word that they wanted Hong Tianbu and Ling Han to come out and fight. Some of the Demon Race even used insulting words to describe Hong Tianbu and Ling Han as people who were fishing for fame.

This made the people of the Imperial Capital very angry. They were clearly surrendered subjects, so how could they be so arrogant?

However, the only one who could suppress the Demon Race was the Holy Emperor. Now that the Holy Emperor did not say a word, it was as if he had tacitly agreed to this state, making everyone helpless.

They could only hope that Ling Han or Hong Tianbu would step forward.

Right at this moment, Ling Han received an invitation from the Princess of the Demon Race. She said that a banquet would be held in three days, and hoped that Ling Han could attend.

Hehe, was she going to reveal her cards?

Coincidentally, a smile appeared on Ling Hans face. He had just planned to break through to the Extreme Bone Tier, and in three days time, he should have stepped onto the third tier of the ladder of martial arts.

Alright, let him kill the spirit of the Demon Race..

Gett your 𝒇avorite 𝒏ovels at no/v/e/lb𝒊n(.)com