Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3400: A presumptuous request

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The opening of the door of a major cultivation level also opened up many new horizons for Ling Han.

His spiritual power had been greatly improved, and this was what Ling Han was most concerned about right now.

Could the empress and the others come out?

Ling Han tried, but when his Spiritual Power manifested in his inner world, he was unable to move the empress, Hu Niu, and the others. However, Ling Han had a feeling that this was because their cultivation levels were too high.

Try something else?

He tried to grab a stone and took it out.

Pa, the stone shattered and then disappeared.

F*ck!

Ling Han was stunned. The item had been taken out, but it had disintegrated into pieces, leaving not even a speck of dust behind?

He thought for a moment and immediately understood.

For example, he was once the strongest Heavenly Venerate, but after he was born, he was still incomparably weak, lying down for three days before being able to walk.

In other words, even if the strongest Heavenly Venerable Tier elites came here, they would only be about the same as an ordinary adult male. Then, there was no need to talk about those below the Heavenly Venerable Tier, they would be extremely weak!

Ordinary stones like these could not withstand the power of heaven and earth from the Outer World at all. They were directly shattered into nothingness.

Similarly, if an ordinary person was brought out by Ling Han, they would probably only be reduced to nothingness.

Ling Han randomly found a vicious wolf. It was not a Demonic Beast, and was extremely ordinary.

With a thought, he brought this vicious wolf out of the inner world.

Pa, without even a whimper, this vicious wolf was shattered. There was not even a bloody mist or bone residue.

It was too weak and was completely crushed by the power of heaven and earth.

This was just like how this vicious wolf suffered a heavy blow from a Seventh Tier Heavenly Venerate. How could it withstand it?

Ling Han continued to experiment, and both experimented with extremely vicious Demonic Beasts or villains. He discovered that the highest level he could bring out now was Shattering Void Tier beings or the corresponding materials. Any higher, and his Spiritual Power would not be able to carry them.

However, after it came out, the power of heaven and earth crushed it into pieces.Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

Ling Han deduced that firstly, his strength still needed to be improved, mainly his Spiritual Power. This way, he would be able to bring out the most powerful existence. Secondly, the existence from the inner world also had to be powerful enough to withstand the pressure outside.

Well, I wonder what this line is.

Celestial King? Heavenly Venerable Tier? Or Seventh Tier Heavenly Venerate?

This could only be seen when the time came. There was no way to experiment now.

He told everyone to cultivate properly. It would be fine if a Celestial King could come out, but if it was a Heavenly Venerate, the starting point was too high. It was destined that only a few people would be able to come out.

He still needed to increase his cultivation as soon as possible.

Ling Han sighed, and did not continue to dwell on this matter.

He used his Spiritual Power to drive the flying sword. Xiu, cold light flashed, and it was indescribably fast.

Seven times the speed of sound.

A faint smile appeared on Ling Hans face. The higher the speed, the harder it would be to improve further. No matter how small the resistance was, under the rapid accumulation, it would become incomparably large.

If he wanted to continue increasing the speed, he had to increase his Spiritual Power and make the flying sword lighter and sharper to reduce the resistance. Demonic Monkey Fists?

50 overlapping layers of power!

Coupled with his Frequency Attack, Ling Han believed that he was capable of fighting against Three Inscriptions elites. In fact, killing a Two Inscriptions would not be a problem.

Not only do I want to be invincible among my peers, but I also want to be invincible with a gap of a cultivation level!

Ling Han muttered to himself. The next step was to improve his Body Art. At that time, he would be able to resist even Four Inscriptions elites.

Unfortunately, not only were the Treasured Fruits gone, but the honey from the Purple Wasps had also been used up. He could only rely on himself to cultivate bit by bit.

Ill take my time.

Ling Han knew that the period of rapid increase in his cultivation level had ended once again. Furthermore, as his cultivation level increased, it would become more and more difficult for him to maintain the rapid increase in his cultivation level in the future.

Unless heaven and earth underwent another drastic change, and more ancient sites and Treasured Fruits appeared.

Soon, it should be soon. Chen Fengyan and Jin Sanyin had both said so.

Right now, I need a higher level Spirit Diagram, as well as movement techniques. Shuttle Steps can no longer keep up with my cultivation level, Ling Han muttered.

However, who would sell advanced movement techniques?

Ling Han shook his head. It seemed that he could only improve his Shuttle Steps.

In the inner world, he had mastered countless movement techniques. Although the environment of heaven and earth was different and he could not use them just like that, if he combined them with the Shuttle Steps and made necessary modifications, it might be possible.

He started to work, but this wasnt something that could be accomplished overnight. Two days had passed, but he hadnt made any progress. However, it was already the day of Princess Bixiaos banquet.

Then lets just take a break, and set off first.

Father, we want to go too! The seven children all ran over. Third Baby hung on Ling Hans chest. This was her usual position, while Fourth Baby and Fifth Baby each hugged one of his thighs.

However, Seventh Baby fell to the ground halfway and fell asleep.

Ling Han smiled, and said, Alright, lets all go.

He let all six children enter the Essence Nurturing Gourd. Sixth Baby was not needed. He could carry her and not worry about her being seen.

He let the little maid and the fat pig guard the house while he went to attend the banquet. Tomorrow, he would have to move out of the academy, as Extreme Bone Tiers had to graduate from the academy.

Peng, peng, peng! Ling Han had just reached the door when he heard a knock on the door.bender

He opened the door and saw an old man standing at the door. It was Butler Mu.

Yi, Butler Mu. Ling Han was surprised. Why would the other party suddenly pay him a visit?

Butler Mu nodded. Are you going to Princess Bixiaos banquet?

Ling Han didnt know what this had to do with Butler Mu, but there was nothing to hide, so he nodded and said, Thats right.

Butler Mu revealed an awkward expression, and said, Ling Han, I have a presumptuous request.

Ling Han frowned slightly, and said, Please speak.

I want to ask you to bring my Miss as a dance partner, Butler Mu said.

What?

Bring Feng Ruoxian to the banquet?

Ling Han was stunned, and immediately came to a realization. Right now, Feng Ruoxians situation was extremely awkward. Because she had taken the initiative to join the Demon Race, her reputation had long been tarnished. She had been given the title of Countess for nothing, and no one was interested in her at all.

This was something that Feng Ruoxian could not tolerate. She had ambitions, so how could she be willing to remain silent?

Thus, Feng Ruoxian thought of Ling Han.

Currently, Ling Han could be said to be extremely popular. He had two grandmaster titles above his head, and he was also known as the second Hong Tianbu. If she could go out in public with Ling Han, she would naturally be able to clear her name.

This was why Butler Mu had come to visit. After all, Butler Mu and Ling Han had some relations.

Ling Han shook his head, and said, Butler Mu, this is too much.

Is that so? Butler Mu smiled sheepishly. Actually, he also knew that back then, Feng Ruoxian had fallen out with Ling Han, and now she wanted to turn around and ask Ling Han for help. It would be strange if he could agree.

However, Feng Ruoxian had already gone crazy. He couldnt bear to see her like this, so he made this trip.

He was secretly filled with hatred. Back then, he had wanted to entrust Feng Ruoxian to Ling Han. If Feng Ruoxian hadnt been so arrogant, the two of them might very well have become a couple now.

How glorious was Ling Han now, and which prince was inferior to him?

Sigh, she deserved it!

He turned around and left, his figure bleak..