Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3403: Fighting Bao Taigong

Translator: Henyee Translations | Editor: Henyee Translations

The humans all shook their heads. Why did Ling Han insist on putting on a

brave front?

What they didn’t know was that since Ling Han wanted to trick Bao Taigong out of his movement technique, he naturally couldn’t allow him to suppress his cultivation level. Otherwise, he would have something to say after he lost.

Furthermore, Ling Han did not care if the other party was a Third Extreme or Fifth Extreme. Since they were both in the Extreme Bone Tier, he would definitely win!

There were no conditions for being invincible among those of the same cultivation level-unless there was someone who could be like Ling Han and had once reached the Seventh Change in the Blood Transformation Tier.

This was impossible.

Therefore, he did not need to take advantage of Bao Taigong.

“Little Leopard, come.” Ling Han crooked his finger at Bao Taigong.

“You’re courting death!” Bao Taigong exerted strength in his legs and suddenly rushed out. In an instant, he accelerated to 2.5 times the speed of sound.

Normally speaking, the speed of an Extreme Bone Tier cultivator should be two times the speed of sound, but this guy clearly hadn’t boiled his blood and Qi, yet he activated his speed to 2.5 times the speed of sound, clearly a specialty of his race.

Leopards were good at speed.

Ling Han smiled faintly, and placed his hands behind his back. Similarly, with a bounce of his feet, he displayed 2.5 times the speed of sound.

Both of them were traveling at 2.5 times the speed of sound. One of them attacked while the other retreated. They maintained a considerable distance and this distance could not be shortened.

Bao Taigong snorted. Competing in speed with him?

‘You’re too naive!’

He roared softly, and a rhythmic sound came from his body. Then, his speed

began to soar.

3.5 times the speed of sound.

This was extremely shocking. Without boiling blood and Qi, he could actually raise his speed to a level that surpassed the Inscription Tier. It could be said that just this speed alone was enough for him to challenge the Inscription Tier.

Ling Han, on the other hand, stopped. Competing in speed with an existence like the Leopard Clan, who was born with the ability to run?

‘There’s no need.’

He clenched his fist and didn’t even need to activate his eye technique. He only needed to capture the tracks of Bao Taigong with his divine sense before throwing a punch at him.

His speed could not reach four times the speed of sound, but he could attack without any difficulty.

Bao Taigong sneered. You finally dare to fight me head-on?

He was a Third Extreme cultivator, and a freakish one at that. His battle prowess had surpassed the peak stage of the Fifth Extreme, but it was too difficult to break through a major tier, and it was difficult to reach the height of the Inscription Tier.

However, it was absolutely impossible for Ling Han to have the cultivation of Inscription Tier-no one in the world could surpass a gap of two major tiers in

battle prowess.

Shua, he threw a punch over.

BOOM!

The two people’s fists instantly collided, causing a huge shockwave. Meanwhile, everyone saw an inconceivable scene. Ling Han stood steadily on the spot, while Bao Taigong retreated continuously.

F*ck, what’s going on?

Bao Taigong was no match for Ling Han?

A Third Extreme elite was actually no match for a Blood Transformation Tier elite in a direct confrontation, and this Third Extreme was even in fact a prodigy of the Demon Race, possessing invincible battle prowess among his peers.

This… Who could believe it?

Ling Han cracked a smile, and asked, “Little cat, are you still going to fight?” Bao Taigong was instantly enraged. Although the leopard was also a feline specie, his bloodline was so noble. How could he be compared to a wild cat? Young Master Cat was equally enraged. However, he had been defeated by Ling Han, so he could only feel depressed.

“I underestimated you,” Bao Taigong said coldly. He took a deep breath and adjusted his state.

He was still full of confidence. Although his raw power was inferior to Ling Han’s, his speed clearly had the upper hand. Moreover, the Demon Race’s eruption of power came and went as they pleased, and they had the absolute advantage.

Thus, after he unleashed his power, Ling Han could only hide and defend himself. If he defended for too long, he would definitely lose. And if Ling Han also unleashed his boiling blood and Qi, then he would use his speed to widen the distance between them. As long as he could hold on for ten minutes, then he would be able to launch an attack from the front and defeat Ling Han in an Geett the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐vels on no/v/elbin(.)c/om

explosive state.

This was the strength of the Demon Race. They crushed the human race in all aspects.

Boom, his blood and Qi boiled, but all the hair on his body stood on end. His power surged, and his power rose sharply.

Xiu, he attacked again.

As his blood and Qi boiled, coupled with the special movement technique of the Leopard Race, his speed increased by four times the speed of sound. He was indescribably fast.

A hint of a smile appeared on the corners of Ling Han’s lips. He activated his eye technique, and instantly, the circulation of heaven and earth immediately slowed down. Meanwhile, Bao Taigong’s movements seemed to have become one image after another, allowing him to see everything clearly.

He swung his fist, Lightning Fist.

The power of the Lightning Fist was not as great as the Demonic Monkey Fists, but it had a special characteristic, which was its speed.

It was as fast as light.

Xiu, xiu, xiu, fist imprints blasted towards Bao Taigong.

With Bao Taigong’s current speed, how high was the probability of dodging the Lightning Fist?

Bao Taigong revealed a look of astonishment. Logically speaking, with his high speed, it was impossible for Ling Han to capture the trajectory of his movements. However, the truth was the exact opposite. The power of his opponent’s fists was all majestically blasting towards him.

He couldn’t dodge at all.

Bao Taigong could only put his arms in front of his body to protect himself, forcefully blocking Ling Han’s attack.

Peng, peng, peng! In just an instant, he had taken more than a hundred attacks. His body was forcefully stopped, and then he was sent flying.

It was a complete defeat!

Everyone was shocked. Bao Taigong’s blood and Qi was already boiling, and his battle prowess had increased by about twofold, but he was still no match for Ling Han. This was too shocking.

Ling Han retracted his fist, and asked, “How is it? Do you still want to fight?” Baoyu bared his teeth. This opponent had great strength, and his insight was simply terrifying. Even when he was moving at four times the speed of sound, he could still accurately capture his trajectory and force him to stop with a rain of attacks.

It didn’t matter if his speed wasn’t fast enough. As long as his attack speed was high enough, it was fine.

Still want to fight?

Bao Taigong was also asking himself this question. From the bottom of his heart, he didn’t want to fight anymore. Ling Han gave him a powerful oppressive feeling, making him feel completely uncertain. However, for the sake of the dignity of the Demon Race, and there was no loss to his battle prowess either, so how could he have the nerve to give up the battle?

From the moment he challenged Ling Han, this was not a battle between the two of them, but a battle between the Demon Race and the Human Race.

“Fight’“ Bao Taigong said heavily. His hands shook, and his sharp claws were already wrapped in black energy, making his hands look incomparably huge.

The Demon Race was naturally good at using high-level energy. This was another advantage of the Demon Race.

-The Demon Race is invincible!” Bao Taigong charged out once again. Shua, shua, shua, he waved his claws, and immediately, streaks of black claw marks shot towards Ling Han, turning into a dense net that covered the sky and earth.

Ling Han humphed, and still threw out a punch. This time, he also drew upon the golden energy. Boom, the punch struck, and even he himself was shocked.

This golden energy was too huge. In comparison, Bao Taigong’s black energy was simply trash.

The strength of high-level energy was determined by two points: purity and volume.

In terms of purity, Ling Han’s golden energy was even denser. In terms of volume, Ling Han’s ball was at least three times the size of Bao Taigong. In both of these aspects, Ling Han had left Bao Taigong far behind him, so how could Bao Taigong be a match?

boom!

The golden fist print smashed over, forming a complete suppression. The black claw prints were instantly annihilated..