Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3413= Sowing Discord

Translator. Henyee Translations | Editor: Henyee Translations

Meanwhile, the Third Imperial Prince, the Seventh Imperial Prince and the other talented and bold Imperial Princes cast a few more glances at Princess Bixiao. They had never heard of a formation like “Absolute Fairness”. If it was not for the fact that this was something that Princess Bixiao had said, they would definitely think that it was nonsense.

This woman was really knowledgeable.

They admired her even more. No matter how beautiful an ordinary woman was, they would only be interested for a short while, and once they got used to her looks, that was that. However, it was a different story for a beautiful woman with brains. She would form her own unique charm, and the more time passed, the more intoxicating she would be.

It should be known that the Demon Emperor meant to betroth Princess Bixiao to one of the Imperial Princes. Thus, any one of them was qualified to become Princess Bixiao’s husband.

At this moment, Princess Bixiao’s thoughts were completely not on any of the Imperial Princes. Instead, she was thinking about where Ling Han had obtained “Absolute Fairness”. This was an extremely high level formation, and could even be considered the strongest formation beneath the Celestial Path.

Had Ling Han coincidentally obtained a precious robe that had a formation attached to it, or… had he made it himself?

No, it should be the latter.

Why?

That was because when the formation had been activated just now, she had felt a slight feeling that this had come from her bloodline. ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

But how could a human cause her to develop a bloodline connection?

-The creation of formations required fresh blood, and at present, to create the highest grade formations beneath the Celestial Path, there were only two people that could supply fresh blood of the level required.

Chen Fengyan and the Demon Emperor.

And she knew that the Demon Emperor had once been forced to bleed by Chen

Fengyan.

Thus, combining all this together, she believed that this was a formation that Ling Han had just refined, and the blood used in the ingredients came from her father.

More importantly, Ling Han could actually create such a high-level formation now?

She knew that Ling Han was already a Grandmaster Formation Master, which meant that he was a four-star Formation Master in the civilization of the last era. However, if one wanted to create the formation for Absolute Fairness, they would have to be a seven-star Formation Master.

Hiss, this human’s natural talent was too terrifying.

No, this genius had to be recruited. If he couldn’t, then he had to be killed. He definitely couldn’t be left to the humans. Otherwise, once he crossed into the Celestial Path, the might of a Formation Master would be completely displayed, and by then, it might be so terrifying that he couldn’t be killed.

For immortal Masters that were above the Celestial Path, they could turn the clouds and rain with a flip of their hands. In their eyes, mountains and rivers were only formation foundations. In fact, the stars in the universe could also become their tools, and with the stars as their foundations, they could even destroy the sun.

In an instant, Princess Bixiao had already formulated a plan. Ling Han only had two options—either submit to the Demon Race, or… die!

After Ling Han returned to his residence, he grabbed the perverted pig and handed the Transformation Fruit over.

“Come, this is your reward,” he said with a smile.

The fat pig scoffed. If Uncle Pig wanted to eat, he could eat. Did he need you to reward him?

It sniffed twice, then bit into the Transformation Fruit and began eating.

After eating it, it smacked its lips, and looked towards Ling Han.

One was too little; was there any more?

“This is a Transformation Fruit. Do you think it’s a peach?” Ling Han knocked on the pig’s head.

The pervert covered his head with his hooves. Even if it didn’t hurt, he had to pretend to be pitiful. Then, he stared at Ling Han with a bitter and hateful gaze.

■■Still can’t speak?” Ling Han sighed. “Just how stupid are you? Even the Transformation Fruit has no effect on you?

The fat pig humphed, very proud.

“Forget it, I really shouldn’t have any expectations of you.” Ling Han shook his head.

He turned on the optical computer and browsed through the information. There were many prodigies of the Demon Race, such as Inscription Tier elites, Enlightenment Tier elites, and even Mystery Realm Tier prodigies. He had to improve his cultivation as soon as possible, or he would keep feeling unsafe. That’s right. With Chen Fengyan standing guard, the Demon Race didn’t dare to act recklessly. However, Chen Fengyan hadn’t restrained the Demon Race before, and it seemed like he was saying that he would only do so much.

In the end, one would have to depend on oneself.

Thus, if he stayed in the Imperial Capital, it was impossible that his life would be in danger, but if he was really bullied by the Demon Race, he could only swallow it, and no one would stand up for him.

And if he wanted to quickly increase his cultivation level, he could only adventure in ancient sites and search for opportunities.

He looked at the information. There was a lot of news now, saying that there were frequent earthquakes in various mountains, and there was light soaring into the sky in dangerous places.

However, he didn’t know which piece of information was real and which one was fake.

Ling Han decided to move out. As his cultivation level increased, there were fewer and fewer treasures that he wanted to buy that were suitable for him to cultivate. It was not a matter of the price, but rather that no one would be selling them.

He began his selection process, planning to choose one to begin his operations.

But on the second day, Princess Bixiao came to pay him a visit.

She didn’t talk about anything important, and only talked nonsense with Ling Han. She was practically shameless, and spent half a day’s time with Ling Han. Only when it was midnight did she seem to have woken up from a dream, and take her leave.

Had this woman been possessed?

Ling Han ignored her, but on the evening of the second day, this princess of the Demon Race actually came again. Furthermore, she stayed for a very long time, and similarly only left at midnight.

On the third day, Xuanyuan Dingguo came looking for him.

“Brat, you’re truly unfriendly!” he scolded. “You’ve already paired up with Princess Bixiao, yet you’re still hiding this from your brother!

What was going on here?

After Ling Han faltered for a moment, he finally understood why Princess Bixiao had come to talk nonsense with him these past two days.

This woman wanted everyone to misunderstand that her relationship with him was already very close. Otherwise, why would she stay until midnight before leaving?

What was the point of this kind of misunderstanding?

It was very simple. It would incite the jealousy of others, especially those Imperial Princes. That was because the Demon Emperor had said that he wanted to betroth Princess Bixiao to some Imperial Prince, but now, he had charged out to snatch her. What would those Imperial Princes think?

If Princess Bixiao looked ordinary, perhaps the Imperial Princes wouldn’t have cared. However, she was as beautiful as a celestial maiden, and even the Seventh Imperial Prince and the other talented and bold Imperial Princes had their hearts set on her. Then, how much trouble would it bring to Ling Han if rumors spread that he had an intimate relationship with Princess Bixiao? That’s right. Chen Fengyan was standing guard here, and no member of the Demon Race would dare to make a move on Ling Han in public. However, as for humans? The Imperial Princes didn’t have such reservations.

Ling Han was a prodigy, and he was also a dual grandmaster. Any Imperial Prince who was determined to become the Emperor should consider taking him as a subordinate first, but now, Princess Bixiao had already captivated those Imperial Princes to the point of losing their wits. Should they choose a subordinate or a beauty?

If it was an imperial throne, then someone like the Seventh Imperial Prince would definitely abandon a beauty, but Ling Han was only a card that would help him ascend to the imperial throne. How could he compare to an exceptional beauty?

F***, this woman had used a honey trap and was sowing discord, but the target that she was trying to deceive was not him, but rather attracting animosity to him.

Little girl, you are really ruthless.

Ling Han pondered for a moment. Even Xuanyuan Dingguo knew that Princess Bixiao had gotten “friendly” with him. Then, with the eyes and ears of the Seventh Imperial Prince and the others, they must have gotten the news even earlier.

It was meaningless for him to step out and explain now, because if you have no interest in her, why would the princess of the Demon Race stay until midnight before leaving?

In truth, if a Mystery Realm Tier elite refused to leave, what could Ling Han do?

However, aside from Ling Han, who else would know that this delicate princess was actually a Mystery Realm Tier elite?