Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3417: Heavenly Pattern Jade

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In this place, Second Babys eye technique was greatly restricted.

There was a large amount of high-level energy here, which blocked Second Babys vision, causing her ability to pass through walls to be greatly weakened. In fact, the material of the wall itself was also quite high-level, and could affect eye techniques.

Even Second Baby was like this, what more when it was Ling Han. However, this effect only affected eye techniques, and did not have the slightest obstruction to normal vision.

Thus, Ling Han and the others could only obediently begin their search. They could not directly find the treasure chamber or Treasured Fruit.

This was actually a group of palace halls. The palace halls were connected by a garden, and there were large amounts of trees, flowers, and plants planted in the garden. Some had already grown into giant trees that were even taller than the palace halls, spreading out a massive canopy that could practically blot out the sun.

There were flowers and plants that were only for ornamental purposes, but there were also Treasured Fruits and peculiar herbs.

Its been plucked. Ling Han discovered a Myterious Fruit, but the fruits on it had already been plucked clean, and the marks were very fresh. It should have happened within a few days.

This is a Strengthening Origin Fruit, Sixth Baby said. It can be said to be one of the strongest Treasured Fruits in the Celestial Path. Consuming one can greatly increase ones level of being. Ordinarily, as long as there are a dozen or so, one can raise a normal person to the Mystery Realm Tier.

Ling Han was astonished. He didnt even need a cultivation technique, and cultivate, but reach Mystery Realm Tier directly?

How was this possible? Was there no barrier?

In the Celestial Path, the elevation of level of being is to tear open the shackles in the body, and this kind of Treasured Fruit has this effect, Second Baby explained. Furthermore, the Strengthening Origin Fruit also contains a large amount of life essence, so there is no need to worry about breaking through too quickly, and destroying ones own foundations.

However, for Father, the Strengthening Origin Fruit is not a good thing, Third Baby interrupted.

En, en. Fourth Baby and Fifth Baby nodded at the same time.

Why? Ling Han asked.

Seventh Baby interrupted, Thats because one cant break through the limits by increasing their cultivation level in this way. Thus, those who rely on the Strengthening Origin Fruit to increase their cultivation level cant possibly possess the ability to battle those above their cultivation level.

Eldest Baby nodded, and said in an experienced tone, So a prodigy definitely wont ingest the Strengthening Origin Fruit. That would only limit his own potential.

So that was how it was.

Ling Han also managed to calm down that slight imbalance in his heart. His pursuit was to become the strongest, and as for cultivation level, he would just go with the flow.

Then lets go.

They continued onwards. This palace was actually very clean, and there was not much left behind. It seemed that though the original owner had left in a hurry, but it was not like he was being chased by fire. Everything that should be packed had been packed away.

However, it was too difficult to move things like Treasure Trees and peculiar herbs. It was said that change your thoughts and you can change your world, but the tree will die if you make it out of the enviorment which it depends on. Thus, in a situation when time was very limited, things like secret scrolls, alchemical pills and medicinal pills could naturally be taken away, but Treasure Trees and peculiar herbs could not.Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Thousands of years had passed, and there should be a considerable number of treasured medicines that had ripened, and could be harvested. Furthermore, the drastic change of heaven and earth this time would cause even more treasured medicines to appear. From this aspect, this was a great opportunity.

Ling Han and the others continued to search, but they had come too late. They had clearly discovered a considerable number of treasured trees, but the fruits on them had all been plucked clean.

Father, dont worry. Even if heaven and earth undergoes drastic changes and allows this ancient palace to appear, the truly precious treasured medicine is definitely protected by another formation. Its not so easy to harvest. Second Baby was very sensible, and comforted Ling Han.

En, en. Fourth Baby and Fifth Baby nodded at the same time.

Fourth Baby said, Actually, Treasured Fruits below the Celestial Path dont have much value. Only Celestial plants would be cherished by the various forces. Furthermore, having or not having a Celestial plant is also a symbol to measure the strength of a force.

Fifth Baby continued, In truth, there are very few that can really be called Celestial Plants. A great many Celestial Plants are actually nurtured from the fruits produced by the mother tree. Though they have a portion of its effects, they are far from being comparable to the mother tree.

According to the laws of heaven and earth, only one mother tree can grow on a large planet at most, and its closely related to this planet. Now that heaven and earth has changed drastically, it wont be long before the mother tree appears, Fourth Baby continued.

This is the greatest opportunity. Fifth Baby nodded.

These two babies were almost born at the same time, and their speech and movements were very synchronized. If one closed their eyes, it would be impossible to distinguish which one of them was Fourth Babys words, and which one was Fifth Babys.

Mother tree! Ling Han murmured to himself. If the mother tree appeared at this moment, the person who would most likely obtain it would naturally be Chen Fengyan. His abilities were unparalleled, so who could compete with him?

However, he may have a sliver of a chance of obtaining it, and that would depend on how lucky he was. After all, when the mother tree came into being entirely, it was not like he would advertise it everywhere, so it would be up to fate to obtain it.

Judging by the construction materials and formations of this underground palace, the force back then was definitely extraordinary. Thus, the possibility of a Celestial Plant appearing here is very high, Eldest Baby said.

I just dont know what level it is. Second Baby nodded.

Seeing Ling Hans blank expression, Sixth Baby said, The Celestial medicines under the mother tree are divided into seven grades. One star is the lowest, and seven stars is the highest. The basis for judgment is the source of the seed. For example, the mother trees seed will grow into a seven star Celestial Plant, and the seed produced by a seven star Celestial Plant will grow into a six star Celestial Plant.

So that was the case.

Ling Han nodded in understanding.

Yi, Father, down here! Second Baby suddenly exclaimed, pointing at a large tree.

What is it? Ling Han asked. Though he had also activated an eye technique, the range that his vision could penetrate was limited, yet he did not see anything.

Good stuff, Second Baby merely nodded.

Ling Han went to dig, but after digging for three feet, he found nothing.

Continue, further down, Second Baby said.

Ling Han was stunned. Just how powerful was Second Babys eye technique? It could actually penetrate more than three feet into the ground?

It should be known that he could only see through things half a foot below him, and it had to be something like blood and flesh at that. If it was a rock, it would only be an inch, at most.

He dug again, five feet, seven feet, and when he was eight feet, he finally dug up something.

Underneath the ground, a corner of white appeared, like jade.

He dug up a little more, and saw that this was a round stone. It was completely white like jade, and he could see that there was a thread-like mist inside. It had an indescribable beauty to it.

Ling Han took out the stone. It was only the size of a fist, but was incredibly heavy, weighing about 5,000kg. He asked, What is this?

Heavenly Pattern Stone, Third Baby said. The best material for tool refinement, Two Star Celestial level.

With the word Celestial, it meant that this was a material from the Celestial Path.

Ling Han couldnt help but rub his hands together. Only Second Baby could help him obtain such good fortune. Otherwise, who would dig three feet into the ground for no reasonand three feet wasnt even enough, it had to be eight feet.eastern fantasy

To be more exact, its the ingredients for refining a Spiritual power weapon. Seventh Baby yawned. After its forged into a weapon

Ling Han was listening, but didnt say anything else. Looking again, he saw that the little girl was sleepy again, and was already snoring loudly..