Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3418: Put down the thing in your hands

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Pu, whats wrong with you? You can immediately fall asleep while talking?

Ling Han was rendered speechless. The sleepiness of Seventh Baby had practically reached a deranged extent.

He sighed, and said to the other children, This things weight definitely exceeds 5,000kg, so how can it be used as a Spiritual Weapon?

With his current strength, lifting a rock weighing 5000kg was naturally no big deal. He could do it for a whole day even, but in terms of spiritual power, he could at most lift something weighing 500kg.

From this aspect, in a head-on confrontation, his Spiritual power could not

even defeat a Meridian Opening Tier.

Father, youre too stupid. Try injecting your Spiritual Power into this Heavenly

Pattern Jade, Eldest Baby said in a childish voice.

Ling Han did as he was told, yet was surprised. That was because as his Spiritual power poured in, this rock was actually becoming lighter. The more Spiritual power he poured in, the lighter it would become.

However, when it reached around five kilograms, it would be very difficult to become any lighter than that.

Put down what youre holding! A voice suddenly rang out from behind Ling

Han.

Ling Han turned around, only to see a person flying over from behind him. His face was filled with greed.

It was actually Jin Shaojian, the heir of the hidden clan, the Jin Clan.

All of a sudden, Ling Han had no time to ask the babies for specific information about the Heavenly Pattern Jade. He stored the Heavenly Pattern Jade into the Essence Nurturing Gourd. Then, he smiled faintly at Jin Shaojian and asked, What did you say?

Ling Han, how dare you! I already told you to put down the thing in your hand, yet you still dare to put it away Huh? You also have a Spatial Spirit Tool? Jin Shaojian faltered for a moment. It should be known that the technique of creating Spatial Spirit Tools had already been lost, so the Spatial Spirit Tools now were all passed down from the civilization of the last era, and were extremely rare.

This country bumpkin actually also possessed a Spatial Spirit Tool?

Jin Shaojian felt extremely displeased, and it was as if he had been humiliated.

Ling Hans expression was calm, and he said, Its just a rock. What are you getting so worked up about?

Idiot, thats Heavenly Pattern Jade! Jin Shaojian said in disdain.

Yi, this guy actually knew?

Ling Han gave an oh. The Jin Clan was a clan that had come from the civilization of the last era. Thus, they had preserved a considerable amount of information about the civilization of the last era, so it was not strange that they would recognize such a valuable item.

Ive already obtained the Heavenly Pattern Jade, and you still want to snatch it by force? Ling Han said with a smile. He was wary of Jin Sanyin, but if it was Jin Shaojian, he was only trash in his eyes.

Jin Shaojian wore a haughty expression as he said, You had best take the initiative to hand over your Spatial Spirit Tool. Otherwise, hehe

Oh, your appetite has grown. Not only do you want Heavenly Pattern Jade, buteastern fantasy

you even want the Spatial Spirit Tool?

Greed.

Ling Han shook his head, saying, At first, I was displeased with you, but I couldnt be bothered to lower myself to your level. However, you insisted on delivering yourself to my doorstep to be beaten. Just in time. You still owe me a bet!

Bet?

Jin Shaojian suddenly recalled that when Ling Han had been imprisoned in the Heaven Prison, he had wanted to use Ling Hans allegiance as a condition to save Ling Han, and Ling Han had made a bet with him that he could easily walk out.

He naturally lost, but he strode off, not taking it seriously at all.

Now that Ling Han was bringing up old matters again, he only humphed coldly, This is not the Imperial Capital, and no one would come to save you! Father, this guy is so arrogant. Can we beat him up? Eldest Baby tugged on Ling Hans hand and shook it, looking completely innocent.

In truth, her violent nature had already taken effect.

Children shouldnt think about fighting all day long, Ling Han said as he strode toward Jin Shaojian.

Sigh, Father himself is a violent maniac, and he still lectures us. Fourth Baby spread out her hands.

Following such a father, its very easy for us to become bad. Fifth Baby also shook her head.

Jin Shaojian sneered, and said, Ling Han, Im an Inscription Tier martial artist, and Im Two Inscriptions at that. My abilities far surpass Extreme Bone Tier martial artists! Moreover, I know that the clothes youre wearing have a formation that can pull your opponents cultivation level to the same level as yours. However, dont forget that my Jin Clan is a hidden clan with a background that surpasses your imagination.

I have a way to render your formation ineffective!Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Ling Han couldnt help but laugh in spite of himself, saying, Dont flatter yourself. Do I still need to use Absolute Fairness against trash like you?

Jin Shaojians expression instantly became ugly. Youre looking down on me so f*cking much?

Country bumpkin with a low bloodline, youre courting death! he muttered softly.

The hidden clans thought that they themselves were the true heirs of Celestial Sea Planet. What Dark North Nation, what Demon Race, they all emerged from this era, so how could they be compared to them?

Hence, every member of a hidden clan was incredibly proud, and thought that they themselves were the masters of this planet. The others were only ignorant ants.

Yet now, there was actually an ant that dared to look down on him?

Jin Shaojian was enraged, and with a shake of his hands, a cold aura instantly soared into the air.

He used a high-level energy, wanting to kill Ling Han with thunderous force. Ling Han had already come close enough, and casually threw a punch at Jin Shaojian.

Die! Jin Shaojian brandished his palm to block the attack. The power of ice surged, and the surrounding temperature instantly dropped drastically.

Ling Hans fist continued to swing. Boom! Fiery flames suddenly ignited on his fist, instantly dispelling the icy coldness.

What!

Jin Shaojian couldnt help but widen his eyes in surprise. He hadnt imagined that the high-level energy that Ling Han had stimulated would not only be on par with him, but also be even stronger.

He humphed, and spread open the five fingers of his right hand. He shouted lowly, Thousand Mountains Palm!

Multiple illusions of mountains appeared, as if they had been boosted onto his palm, forming a terrifying pressure.

Ling Han didnt mind. He simply stacked 30 layers of power and charged forward.

Peng!

The two forces crashed into each other, and the illusions of the mountains instantly crumbled. Meanwhile, Ling Hans fist continued its course, smashing into Jin Shaojians face and sending him flying.

Jin Shaojian landed on the ground, one side of his face already distorted. However, it was as if he didnt feel anything, and he asked in a daze, How is this possible? How is this possible? How can I possibly lose to a country bumpkin?

Where did this feeling of superiority come from?

Ling Han shook his head, and said, I havent even unleashed 30% of my battle prowess, and youve already collapsed. Youre really too weak. Are you sure that youre really a member of some hidden clan, and not that your brain is muddled into being delusional?

Jin Shaojian roared in fury. He couldnt tolerate such humiliation. Slapping his hands onto the ground, he shot up and charged at Ling Han again.

Ling Han shook his head, and still replied with a punch.

Peng! Jin Shaojian was instantly sent flying again, landing solidly on the ground.

However, he was a little stubborn. He actually got up again, and charged towards Ling Han again.

Unfortunately, the gap in abilities was too wide. No matter how hard he struggled, it was useless.

Jin Shaojian finally understood this fact. With a wave of his hand, xiu, a firework soared into the sky.

Hahahaha, Ling Han, you have absolutely no idea how many elites our Jin Clan has mobilized this time! He laughed, Just you wait. Once elites from our Jin Clan arrive, your only fate would be a tragic end.

Ling Han was instantly enraged. Initially, he had only wanted to teach Jin Shaojian a lesson, but Jin Shaojian was clearly intent on killing him. This caused his killing intent to rise as well.

What an idiot! he said in a baleful voice. Boom! A murderous aura surged toward Jin Shaojian..