Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3429: Mutual Wariness

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Seeing that Ling Han was wounded, the seven Calabash Brothers were all furious, and all of them became filled with killing intent.

Dont be rash, Ling Han said darkly.

Father, this isnt a good idea, Eldest Baby said.

Ling Han smiled, I have an idea.

With a casual scoop, he caught the pervert pig in his hand.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Pervert pig:

Who the f*ck did I offend? Why are you using Uncle Pig as a shield again? Although the flying sword cant kill me, it still hurts, b@stard!

Father is truly devious.

Shameless.

But we like it!

The Calabash Brothers all laughed.

The Seventh Imperial Prince humphed, and with a wave of his finger, shua, another few flying swords shot over.

Ling Han similarly used his Spiritual Power to slow down the flying swords, then swung the fat pig to attack.

Peng, peng, peng! The flying swords pierced into the fat pigs body, causing the perverted pig to spit out its tongue, swaying in the wind.

There were a total of six swords, and they were all blocked.

The Seventh Imperial Prince was a little confused. What was going on here?

A pig actually blocked his attack? How was this possible?

Though he had previously acted as if he was thirsting for talent in front of Ling Han, in truth, he did not have the slightest bit of respect for Ling Han. He saw Ling Han as a commoner with a low bloodline, who just happened to have outstanding natural talent in alchemy and formations.

But now? Ling Hans spiritual power was actually only slightly inferior to his.

It should be known that his spiritual power had been created through sacrificing countless lives. No matter how he thought about it, his Spiritual power should reign supreme. Furthermore, how much weaker was Ling Hans cultivation level than his?

If Ling Han had also reached the Enlightenment Tier, would his Spiritual Power still be weaker than his own?

It was one thing if it was just Ling Han, but now a pig had popped out, and actually managed to block his full-power attack.

How could he accept this?

Ling Han was also counterattacking. He controlled the flying swords to continuously toss them back towards the Seventh Imperial Prince, and then activated his Spiritual Power. The flying swords under eight times the speed of sound still possessed an extremely terrifying threat, and the Seventh Imperial Prince had no choice but to guard against them.

However, the Seventh Imperial Prince maintained a distance of 30 meters from Ling Han, not giving Ling Han the chance to activate Absolute Fairness. He had obviously found out the exact details of this formation. Otherwise, he could not have controlled the distance so subtly.

The two of them shot at each other from a distance, but after Ling Han possessed the shield of the perverted pig, his defenses soared. As long as the Seventh Imperial Princes flying swords did not exceed the limits of what Ling Han could grasp, it would not be able to truly threaten Ling Han.

The Seventh Imperial Prince was extremely depressed. He had developed his Spiritual Power into an extremely frightening weapon, and logically, even if it was another Enlightenment Tier elite like him, his only fate would still only be death at his hands. Previously, when he had faced Hong Tianbu, he had not used his full strength either.

But now, even if he went all out, he actually couldnt do anything to an Extreme Bone Tier cultivator.

Could it be that it could be that Ling Han was even more awesome than Hong Tianbu?

No, no, no. It was not that Ling Han was more awesome, but rather that this guys luck was really too good. Not only had he also developed the amazing use of Spiritual Power, he had even obtained a pig whose defense could not be resolved.

It should be known that even if some awesome prodigies had cultivated Spiritual Power, it was only used to communicate with high-level energy, and could not move actual objects.

At first, he had thought that his natural talent was outstanding, and even if the Eldest Imperial Prince was born with the Divine Physique, he would not take it to heart. Who would have thought that in front of Ling Han, his pride would be completely rebuffed?

The Seventh Imperial Prince stopped his attacks. It was be meaningless to continue shooting at each other like this..

Ling Han did not make another move. He was looking for an opportunity. As long as he could close the distance between the two of them to within thirty meters, he was confident that he could kill the Seventh Imperial Prince with a single punch.

His physical battle prowess was actually not strong at all. However, he had not tested it out yet. Would Absolute Fairness affect his spiritual power? If it did not, then even under Absolute Fairness, the Seventh Imperial Princes battle prowess would not be weakened much.

However, it was clear that the Seventh Imperial Prince was not confident either. Thus, he did not dare to enter within thirty meters of him.

Moreover, he was also wary of the Heavenly Pattern Jade. Even with his Spiritual Power, how much could his speed decrease if he were struck by an attack weighing 5,000kg?

From nine times to eight times the speed of sound?

What was the use? Wasnt he still insta-killed with a single move?

The two of them faced off just like that. Neither of them made another move, wary of the other.

A thought flashed through Ling Hans mind, and he said with a smile, Since Your Imperial Highness likes this place so much, Ill just let Your Imperial Highness have this place.

He brought the seven children and slowly circled out of the hall.

The space here was large enough. Otherwise, the Seventh Imperial Prince would definitely have retreated out of the palace. Otherwise, if the distance was shortened to 30 meters, Ling Han would be able to activate Absolute Fairness. He did not think that he was a match for Ling Han in a battle of equal cultivation levels.

At first, he had thought that Ling Han was playing some kind of trick, but Ling Han had really retreated to the main doors, completely making way for him.

The Seventh Imperial Princes eyes turned, and he said, Xiao Ping, you go up the steps. Remember, be careful, and walk slowly.

Yes, Your Imperial Highness! A middle-aged man immediately walked out and walked towards the steps.

Ling Han couldnt help but sigh internally. He couldnt trick this Imperial Prince.

However, this trick was indeed a little too simple. If the Seventh Imperial Prince would fall for it, then he would have wasted his reputation as an ambitious and ruthless character.

Pa!

Xiao Ping had just walked up the steps, when he immediately knelt down. It was a solid kneel, so heavy that even the palace seemed to vibrate, and the sound of bones breaking was heard. Then, Xiao Pings terrible scream that sounded like a pig being slaughtered rang out.

His knees had been shattered, so how could he not scream in pain?

The Seventh Imperial Princes expression immediately darkened, as he glared at Ling Han.

This brat wanted to trick him.eastern fantasy

Ling Han spread out his hands. This Xiao Ping was really too weak. He had not even been able to withstand the pressure of the first step.

Your Highness, well meet again in the future. He waved his hand, and strode off with his seven children.

Your Imperial Highness, I will go and kill him!

Holy f*ck!

The remaining subordinates scrambled to express their stand, yet were met with the Seventh Imperial Princes cold indifference.

A bunch of trash, what had they been doing just now?

He felt disdain in his heart. Why was there no one useful among his subordinates? They couldnt even deal with a mere Extreme Bone Tier elite.

However, didnt he realize that Ling Han was no ordinary Extreme Bone Tier elite? Moreover, he himself was only an Enlightenment Tier elite. Even though he was the Seventh Imperial Prince, he still couldnt make elites at the same cultivation level as him submit to him.

To say nothing else, even the Four Great Generals didnt express their support for any Imperial Prince.

Why was an Extreme Bone Tier elite so hard to kill?

The Seventh Imperial Prince thought for a moment, then turned his eyes to the sacrificial altar.

There were many Treasured Fruits on it, and some were even above the Celestial Path. If he could obtain one, his level of being would definitely improve astonishingly. At that time, to say nothing of Ling Han, he might even be able to force Chen Fengyan to abdicate.

His heart thumped wildly, and he hurriedly ordered his subordinates to break through the formation he had prepared very well when he came out, and he had even brought with him a High Level Formation Master, who he had personally nurtured and paid an extremely great price for.

However, no matter how that High Level Formation Master studied and tried, he couldnt do anything to this formation at all.

The sacrificial offerings laid out here were above the Celestial Path, so the formation must also be of this level. The first step was enough to break the legs of a martial artist in the level of Inscription Tier, so how could it possibly be resolved by a High Level Formation Master?

Only now did the Seventh Imperial Prince understand why Ling Han had left so decisively..