Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3430: Broken Bridge

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Ling Han exited the palace, and didnt walk around anywhere else. In any case, the babies had already searched the place, and Second Baby had also used her eye technique, so he definitely couldnt find anything valuable.

In truth, his gains were not small either. One Earth Spirit Fruit, which had been used as a sacrificial offering in the ancient era, was definitely not cheap. There were also two Celestial Tools and the Heavenly Pattern Jade. Any one of them would be able to crush the martial arts of this era.

If he was still not satisfied, he would be struck by lightning for being ungrateful.

The reason why Ling Han still didnt feel it was enough was because his cultivation level didnt increase much this time, so he felt rueful. It wasnt like before, when entering an ancient site would always cause a slight change in his cultivation level.

As time passed, more and more people entered this place. Even if many people couldnt find treasures, they still lingered here, because if they cultivated here, they would be able to do half the work with double the effect.

Ling Han absorbed Purple Qi here again. There was still very little, but the quality was extremely high.

He asked the babies what this Purple Qi was.

Father, have you never heard of Purple Qi from the east? Second Baby said. The power of heaven and earth is divided into different levels, and in the case of Purple Qi, only beings above the Celestial Path can refine the energy of Purple Qi. Usually, it only exists in certain specific areas of great mountains and rivers.

Fourth Baby nodded, and said, Father is only at the Extreme Bone Tier. Being able to absorb a sliver of Purple Qi is naturally helpful for cultivation level.

The reason why the Innate Divine Physique is able to cultivate so rapidly and have such powerful battle prowess is because from birth, they can absorb Purple Qi, Fifth Baby said.

So that was how it was. Realization dawned on Ling Han. He couldnt help but feel envious. If he could also become a Divine Physique, that would be great.

Father clearly isnt a Divine Physique, yet he can absorb Purple Qi. This is very strange! Eldest Baby said.

En, if one doesnt leap over the Celestial Gate, he would have no chance on the Celestial Path. Logically speaking, there is no way he would be able to absorb the Purple Qi. Seventh Baby expressed her agreement, but just as she finished speaking, her eyes began to sting again. With a pa, she collapsed onto the ground and fell asleep.eastern fantasy

Could it be that Father is also a Divine Physique? Sixth Baby asked curiously.

Let me take a look. Second Baby used her eye technique, surveying Ling Han.

Ling Han hurriedly covered a certain part of his body. Second Babys eye technique had a penetrating effect.

Strange. After looking at it for a while, Second Babys small face revealed an expression of surprise, Fathers body looks no different from an ordinary persons, but there is also a very big difference.

Speak clearly! Eldest Baby glared at him.

Second Baby cocked her head, as if thinking of the right words. After a while, she said, Father is normal in all aspects, but at the cell level, I cant see through him.

Yi? The other five children all exclaimed in surprise, and only Seventh Baby was snoring loudly.

Whats going on?

Second, didnt you say that you could see through everything? Why cant you see through it at the cell level?

Second Baby spread his hands and said, Thats indeed the case. Its as if theres another world hidden inside.

Ling Han was surprised. Second Baby was right. There were indeed worlds hidden in his cells. He had personally nurtured them, and now, they had also taken in countless living beings.

This was the part of him that was freakish?

In truth, the reason why he could advance into Seventh Change was because the dimensions in his cells had taken effect at the same time, forming some kind of special change.

Now, it was also the cells in his body that allowed him to absorb Purple Qi in advance, possessing the same ability as an Innate Divine Physique?𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Being able to be our father, hes definitely no ordinary person! Third Baby concluded proudly.

En. The six Calabash Brothers nodded at the same time Seventh Baby had suddenly woken up again.

Ling Han smiled, his hand holding the fat pig. He had already arrived at the edge of the cliff, and the wooden bridge was right in front of him.

Though he had already walked over once, and there were still a great many people walking over from the other side, Ling Han still felt a sense of unease.

However, there was only one path to leave, so he could only take it.

Ling Han walked onto the wooden bridge, then quickly walked forwards.

Not only was this wooden bridge dangerous, there seemed to be some kind of terrifying existence below, so he completely did not want to stay in this kind of dangerous place any longer.

At present, he was the only one walking back. Furthermore, he was bringing six incredibly tender babies with him, and was even carrying a pig. Such a showy group naturally surprised everyone on the way.

Thankfully, everyones attention was on the other side, and no one made a move on Ling Han, which saved them some trouble.

Perhaps others were also afraid that it would be too dangerous to fight here. After all, this was a wooden bridge. It was possible that it would be broken with a slight collision, and everyone would fall and be smashed to pieces.

Very quickly, Ling Han had covered half the distance.

Peng!

A gust of air rose up from below, and crashed into the wooden bridge. Instantly, the entire wooden bridge swayed like a snake.

What was going on?

The people on the bridge were all shocked, and involuntarily stretched out their hands to hold onto the bridge.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

The airflow surged out one after another, repeatedly crashing into the wooden bridge, causing the wooden bridge to sway very fiercely, and could possibly collapse at any time. And looking at the clouds and mists that swirled around them, it was as if they had encountered some kind of heaven-swallowing monster, and were endlessly being sucked back.

Second Baby stretched out her head to take a look, and couldnt help but call out, Father, run quickly, an old monster is about to rush out!

Hiss, there were not many that could be called old monsters by Second Baby.

Ling Han did not say another word, and directly drew the seven babies and the pervert pig into the Essence Nurturing Gourd. Then, he used his movement technique, and ran madly towards the other side of the bridge.

However, the bridge was chaotic at this moment. Some stretched their heads downwards, some continued to advance, and some turned around and returned, causing congestion on a considerable number of sections on the bridge.

Ling Han didnt have time to waste. He immediately leaped up and stomped on the heads of others.

F***, bastard!

Dont run!

Just see if I wont beat you to death!

Those who had been stepped on were all enraged. Those who had initially planned to run back sped up, while those who were in front changed direction, and set off in pursuit of Ling Han.

Martial artists usually had explosive tempers, so how could they tolerate having their heads stepped on?

Ling Han left them in the dust, and more and more people joined the pursuit behind him.

However, Ling Hans speed was too fast. He had even used the Floating Wind and Clouds, reaching four times the speed of sound. The soundwave it created was incredibly violent. Thankfully, his figure was very high. Otherwise, if he was running madly on the bridge, it was probable that half of the people here would be sent flying off the bridge by him.

Ahead of them, the end was already in sight.

However, right at this moment, a deafening boom suddenly traveled over from the bottom of the abyss. There was also the sound of wailing ghosts.

Everyone was shocked. There was a terrifying pressure contained in this ghostly wail, and it definitely came from an incomparably terrifying guy.

Boom!

A figure shot out from the bottom of the abyss, bringing with it clouds and mists, and his speed had exceeded ten times the speed of sound. It was practically invisible to the naked eye, and with a peng, he had shot up.

This figure was very domineering, and actually crashed towards the wooden bridge. With a peng, the point of impact instantly shattered. Then, from this point of impact, the wooden bridge began to collapse on either side.

Instantly, everyone began to run for their lives..