Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3431: Birdman Appears

Translator: Henyee Translations | Editor: Henyee Translations

At this moment, no one was in the mood to see who exactly that figure that

had shot into the skies was.

Escape was more important.

The wooden bridge was collapsing, and everyone was fleeing for their lives, heading towards two different directions.

However, many people couldnt run faster than the wooden bridge was collapsing, and they screamed in pain as they fell into the bottomless abyss along with the broken pieces of the wooden bridge.

Gagaga! In the skies, the figure that had broken the wooden bridge let out a strange laugh, as if he was enjoying this scene.

Ling Han increased the speed of his steps. At present, everyone was running back, but no one was as fast as he was. He still stepped nimbly on the heads of others, and after a few leaps, he finally crossed the wooden bridge.

Only now did his heart finally relax a little.

He looked up at the sky, only to see a figure hovering there. There were two pairs of wings on his back, flapping.

This person was completely covered with feathers, and his feet were a pair of powerful claws. His face was also very bird-like, his mouth protruding high, and his eyes were frighteningly sharp.

The birdman, it was another birdman.

However, this bird person was much more terrifying. Even from so far away, Ling Han still felt a powerful pressure. This was a crushing pressure from the level of being.

Second Baby had crawled out at some point in time. She glanced at him, and said, This guy has stepped onto Celestial Path, but is only standing on the first step.

Above Celestial Path!

Ling Hans heart trembled, and he asked, What cultivation level is that?

Second Baby shook her head, My memory of that is also very vague, I cant remember.

in any case, this birdman was incredibly terrifying. At present, there were only two people that had stepped onto the Celestial Path the Demon Emperor and Chen Fengyan. Without these two, no one here would be able to suppress this birdman.

Hiss, had this birdman been hibernating in the underground palace all this while, and following the appearance of the underground palace, he had come out as well? Or had he been trapped here, and because some kind of suppression or formation had been erased, he had finally escaped?

Ling Han thought of the Demonic Rat from that cave. Hadnt that guy also been trapped inside? Who knew how many years he had been digging before he finally managed to escape.

The Demonic Rat had definitely stepped onto the Celestial Path, yet was killed

by a single strike from Chen Fengyan.

From this aspect, this birdman was most likely no match for Chen Fengyan.

However, how could it be so coincidental that Chen Fengyan would suddenly come here?

Its time to retreat, Ling Han murmured. He grabbed Second Baby and fled.

Gagaga, Ive been trapped for so long, so I can use you guys as a snack! In the sky, the birdman flapped his wings. As his eyes swept over them, he resolutely didnt go to the cliff.

-There was no way out from there, so there was no need to rush.

He pounced over, and the wooden bridge had not been completely broken.

There was a person still remaining on the bridge, but he opened his mouth and sucked him into his mouth.

He was clearly only two to three times taller than an ordinary person, but the person that he had sucked into his mouth would automatically shrink, and he would be able to swallow him in a single gulp.

Thus, he continued to devour as he flew, and when he flew to the other side of the bridge, there were at least a few dozen people that he had swallowed whole. Everyone was terrified. This birdman was actually eating humans alive, and his abilities were incredibly powerful. Whatever attack they delivered was just like scratching an itch for him. He did not care at all, and directly swallowed them whole.

None of them had the courage to fight, and they all fled.

The birdman burped, then licked its lips, Dont be afraid. Im already full, so I wont eat you guys for the time being Gagaga, 1 will keep you in captivity first, and eat when Im hungry!

He pounced out, and began to grab people.

Instantly, everyone was thrown off their feet, and it was a chaotic scene.

Everyone was running. At this time, there was no need to run the fastest. As long as they were faster than the majority, and there were enough people behind them to be caught by the birdmen, it was fine.

With a thought from the birdman, with a xiu, it darted into the skies, and when it landed again, it had already appeared at the entrance to the underground palace.

In this way, he could trap them behind closed doors, and none of them would be able to escape.

When Ling Han saw the birdman rise into the air, he knew that this guy had the idea of killing them all in one go. He hurriedly broke away from the crowd, scrambled into the bushes, and directly entered into the Essence Nurturing Gourd.

This was a gourd, and if placed in the bushes, it was very covert.

He decided to wait and see. That birdman couldnt possibly stand guard forever.

Father, Im going out to investigate the situation, the invisible Sixth Baby said.

Ling Han nodded. Sixth Baby was still trustworthy, Be careful, dont get too close to that birdman.eastern fantasy

En. Sixth Baby nodded. Though she was born with a natural mystical ability, she was still too young, after all. Her battle prowess was only capable of matching Inscription Tier, and against elites on the Celestial Path, she was definitely no match.

Ling Han waited inside the gourd. Thankfully, there was no shortage of food and drink inside. However, the babies were all big eaters, and even that perverted pig had an extremely big appetite. They could only last for a few days.

After half a day, Sixth Baby returned and recounted the current situation. The birdman guarded the door. Whether it was those who had fled from the inside or those who wanted to enter from the outside, they were all captured by him. Under coercion and temptation, they had already become the birdmans subordinates, and turned around to help him hunt down other humans. Another day later, the birdman announced that he had officially become the master of this underground palace, and called himself King Proud Heaven. This was the Proud Heaven Palace. All those who were in the underground palace would have to surrender their allegiance to the Proud Heaven Palace. Those who were unwilling to submit would be killed!ALL new 𝒄hapters 𝒐n n𝒐v(𝒆)lbin(.)com

Among the captured people, there were those who were weak-willed, and they surrendered in an instant. There were also those who were strong-willed, and they were swallowed whole by that birdman.

Such a cruel scene scared the remaining wavering people, and they all surrendered.

In fact, the birdman even announced boldly that he wanted to organize an army to attack the Imperial Capital, and become the overlord of the Dark North Nation, replacing Chen Fengyan.

According to Sixth Baby, even the Seventh Imperial Prince had surrendered. This was very understandable. The Seventh Imperial Prince was an ambitious and ruthless character, and not some kind of martyr. He naturally knew that a man had to know when to yield and when not to yield.

However, even the Imperial Prince had shamelessly surrendered, and this naturally brought about extremely bad effects. The news was even deliberately spread out by the birdman, to boost the support for the Proud Heaven Palace. Ling Han did not know what kind of impact this news would cause when it spread back to the Imperial Capital, but he believed that it was probably impossible for the Seventh Imperial Prince to inherit the throne.

Chen Fengyan had always been proud, so how could he allow a coward to ascend the throne?

He waited for a few more days, then exited the gourd, and swaggered out of the palace.

Now that everyone in the palace had become the subordinates of the birdman, they were naturally companions. Moreover, it had only been a few days, so who could possibly know everyone in the palace?

Thus, as Ling Han walked by, not one person actually became suspicious of him.

Right until he arrived at the exit of the underground palace.

Though a great many people had surrendered, how many of them were sincere in their allegiance?

Thus, this passageway that they had to pass through was guarded by the birdmans loyal lackeys.

Ling Han glanced over, and discovered that he didnt know those people. However, just because he didnt know them didnt mean that they didnt know him either. After all, he was a well-known figure now.

Ling Han thought for a moment, then decided to enter into the gourd and have Sixth Baby bring it out.

Thus, a green gourd rolled on the ground, as if it was being pushed by a gust of wind..