Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3432: Great Change in the World

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Yi, why is there a gourd? Those people guarding the passage discovered the Nurturing Origin Gourd, Nurturing Origin Gourd.

There are many 0.5 km of plants in the palace, so its normal for a gourd to grow, someone said carelessly.

Hehe, it might be a treasure, another person said, but he himself was laughing. Clearly, he was just joking.

Perhaps it really is. A man in grey walked over, stretching out a hand to pick up the gourd.

p***l

With a thought from Ling Han, he had already appeared outside, and shot out a punch at that person.

Peng, that person was only an Extreme Bone Tier elite, so how could he possibly be a match for Ling Han?

Thankfully, Ling Han had had no intention to kill him, and merely sent him flying. Otherwise, with how strong Ling Hans power was, this punch would definitely have killed him.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

That person fell heavily onto the ground, while the other guards were gaping and dumbfounded.

What was going on? Could it be that this person knew how to become invisible? It wasnt until Ling Han broke into a run that realization dawned on them. They hurriedly sounded the alarm bells.

After a short while, the birdman appeared. He questioned the guards, and when he found out what had happened, he asked in surprise, A gourd was rolling by itself, and a living person appeared out of thin air?

That should be a Spatial Spirit Tool. Furthermore, it can accommodate living things.

This kind of treasure can only be nurtured by the heaven and earth. Although I dont care much about it, letting someone run out of the Proud Heaven Palace is a humiliation to me!

Humph, brat below the Celestial Path, where can you run off to?

The birdman soared into the sky, and set off in the direction that Ling Han had left in. As he searched, his eyesight was extremely sharp, and he could see through the layers of leaves and see every blade of grass and tree in the forest. However, he was disappointed. He had pursued for half an hour, but did not discover anything.

He didnt think that Ling Hans speed could reach ten times the speed of sound, so Ling Han must have hidden himself.

Damn it! The birdman flew back, and abandoned its pursuit.

He was just a minor character, so what if he ran? When he conquered the world in future, this brat would still fall into his hands, and become his food.

After Ling Han fled into the forest, the first thing he did was dig a hole and bury the Essence Nurturing Gourd in it. He also entered, and the follow-up work was done by Sixth Baby.

When they were completely safe, Sixth Baby would dig out the gourd again.

Ling Han fled into the distance, and only after he had left the underground palace for a good few thousand km did he breathe a sigh of relief, and rushed towards the Imperial Capital.

Several days later, he returned to the Imperial Capital.

At this moment, the Imperial Capital was in a state of chaos, and everyone was in a state of panic.

Previously, the heaven and earth had begun the second drastic change. There were new ancient sites appearing everywhere, which also caused a trend of people going out to seek their fortune. However, a situation like the Proud Heaven Palace was not an exception, but rather a common occurrence.

There were Celestial Path-level beings appearing everywhere, and the majority of them were extremely ruthless. They would either eat, kill, or take in those who went in to explore as their servants. Only a few of them were slightly amicable, and let them leave.

It was as if the whole world had changed overnight. So many Celestial level beings had appeared, standing at the pinnacle of the world of martial arts, looking down on the world.

One after another, the great mountains had new owners. The Dark North Nation, which had initially been unified, had already been divided into pieces, and the Demon Race still had not reacted to the situation, but it was probable that it would not be any better.

Xue Chiluo had already rushed back, but Princess Bixiao still stayed in the

Imperial Capital.

There were really quite a number of people who had fallen this time. There were even descendants of mighty figures like the Four Great Generals, Grand Tutor Hong, Yang Bai, and the others. A considerable number of Imperial Princes and imperial grandsons had also fallen, which caused the fury of a great many mighty figures.

They decided to immediately send out troops, but there were really too many ancient sites that had appeared now. Exactly which one should they go to?

Everyone had their own selfish motives. They naturally hoped to attack the ancient site where their descendants had been lost, but the Four Great Generals and the others all had numerous descendants, and they had been lost in different places. Even they themselves had to consider which descendant they should save first.

Additionally, the people that had appeared in the ancient sites were all Celestial Path elites, so how were they supposed to be saved?

If the Holy Emperor did not appear, who would be able to match Celestial Path elites?

Everyone was conflicted, and it just so happened that the Holy Emperor was still in seclusion, and no one could make a decision.

Ling Han had no intention of interfering either. In front of elites from the Celestial Path, his abilities were completely insufficient. Even if he went, it would be pointless effort.

Early the next morning, Ling Han began to cultivate as usual, yet shockingly discovered that the power of heaven and earth had actually become considerably stronger.

The heaven and earth had changed drastically. Not only had a great many ancient sites appeared, but even the environment itself was changing.

To cultivate in such an environment would be half the work and double the effect.

And this might only be the beginning. In the future, the environment of heaven and earth would become even more suitable for cultivating.

Ling Han pondered for a moment. In such an environment, Celestial Herbs and Mysterious Trees would naturally grow rapidly, providing large amounts of Treasured Fruits, thereby pushing the strength of cultivators to increase even more rapidly.

A few days later, an astonishing piece of news spread out. The Sect Master of the Purple Rainbow Sect had arrived in the Imperial Capital, and requested to meet with Chen Fengyan.

What kind of background did this Purple Rainbow Sect have?

In the past, it was an ancient site that had just appeared and was occupied by a Celestial Path elite. Now, he had brought a group of newly recruited subordinates to the Imperial Capital, wanting to spar with Chen Fengyan in martial arts.

It was a lie that he wanted a spar; the truth was he was challenging Chen Fengyans throne.

Ling Han made some queries, and found out that this Purple Rainbow Sects sect masters name was Cui Gaohai. There was not the slightest bit of Demonic Beast appearance from head to toe, and he should be a pure human.

It was probably also because of this that this Cui Zhenhai had swaggered into the Imperial Capital. As a fellow human, it would naturally be much easier for him to take over the Imperial Capital.

The appearance of a Celestial Path elite naturally stunned everyone in the Imperial Capital.

That was a Celestial, and had surpassed the range of humans, and could not be fathomed.

Although there had already been rumors that Chen Fengyan had killed Celestial Path elites before, those were only rumors. Most people hadnt witnessed it with their own eyes. However, Cui Zhenhai was a genuine Celestial Path elite. Yang Bai had directly knelt down under his aura. Who in the Imperial Capital could compare to him?eastern fantasy

These subordinates of Cui Zhenhai werent all subordinates that he had just recruited. Instead, he had brought his son and daughter with him. His son was called Cui Changyun, and his daughter was called Cui Xiaoxiao. They were both at the Inscription Tier.

Cui Zhenhai, on the other hand, kept a very low profile. After arriving in the Imperial Capital, he lived in seclusion and rarely ventured out. However, this pair of children of his was very arrogant, and wreaked havoc in the Imperial Capital, causing a considerable amount of trouble.

However, firstly, they were Inscription Tier elites, and there were only a limited number of people who could suppress them. Secondly, their father was a Celestial Path elite, so no one dared to trifle with them.

Peng!

The great doors burst open, and a figure flew in, landing heavily on the ground. Ling Han leaped out, and saw that there was a person lying in the courtyard. Who else could it be but Xuanyuan Dingguo?

This guy was in a terrible state. He had been beaten up, and there were injuries everywhere on his body. He was lying motionless on the ground.

Ling Han immediately looked towards the door. There was presently a young man with his arms crossed over his chest, looking at him mockingly..