Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3433: Cui Changyuns Challenge

Translator: Henyee Translations | Editor: Henyee Translations

So you are Ling Han? This young man looked at Ling Han and asked calmly.

Ling Han looked back at him and said, Im Ling Han, and youre the one whos about to die.

I am about to die? The young man laughed loudly, incredibly arrogant.

Ling Han, you are really bold. You actually dare to curse my Young Master? A considerable number of people suddenly popped out from behind the young man, all of them pointing angrily at Ling Han.

Do you know who my Young Master is?

Kneel down quickly and beg for mercy from my Young Master. Who knows, he might be able to spare your life.

Ling Han smirked coldly, The one who still dares to act so arrogant in front of me now should be Cui Zhenhais son, Cui Changyun, right?

How dare you!

You actually dare to directly address Master by name; you really want to die!

The lackeys all shouted.

Ling Han shook his head, and said, You people should be citizens of the Dark North Nation. Now that youve betrayed us and surrendered, youre enjoying being lackeys!

Some of those lackeys faces were flushed red, while others were completely unconcerned. What was there to be ashamed of if they had vowed allegiance to an elite?

The young man was not angered, and said, I am Cui Changyun.

He gave a simple name, and did not add that he was Cui Zhenhais son or whatnot, showing his great confidence.

Yet Ling Han was completely unconcerned. He swept a glance over Xuanyuan Dingguo, and asked, Why did you beat up my friend?

I heard that you have a rule. If I want to challenge you, I have to take out the stakes, but I dont like to be restrained by others, so I gave him a beating. Now, are you going to fight me or not?

A cold light flickered in Ling Hans eyes, and he said, It is not going to be a fight; Ill kill you!eastern fantasy

Hahahaha, as long as you have the ability. Cui Changyun laughed indifferently, Tomorrow afternoon, at the entrance of the Imperial Palace, I will wait for you!

After saying this, he let out a long laugh, turned around and left.

The lackeys all smirked coldly at Ling Han, and left as well.

Ling Han went over to check on Xuanyuan Dingguo. This guys injuries were very severe.

Cui Changyun was obviously doing this on purpose, wanting to completely stoke Ling Hans fury.

Very good, he had done it.

Father, Ill quietly kill him tonight, Sixth Baby whispered into Ling Hans ear. She even made a slicing motion with her hand. However, it was a shame that no one could see this.

Ling Han shook his head, At present, Celestial Path elites have appeared in various places, causing fear among the people. Once a great trend is formed, it would definitely divide the rule of the Dark North Nation. Then, the whole world would really be in chaos. So, this time, I must defeat Cui Changyun openly, and help Dark North Nation regain the rightful position.

But Father, if you kill Cui Changyun, then Cui Zhenhai would definitely be extremely furious, and kill you at all costs, Second Baby said.

When an elite Celestial Path elite makes a move, Father, you wont be able to escape no matter what methods you use, Eldest Baby said.

What nonsense are you spouting? Arent you making Father worry? Fourth Baby said angrily.

Thats right. Fifth Baby also nodded.

Ling Han shook his head with a smile, and said, I definitely cant block the furious attack of a Celestial Path elite, but I have confidence in one person. Chen Fengyan? Second Baby asked.

Ling Han nodded and said, At that time, it looked like we were about to engage in a fierce battle with the Demon Race, yet the Demon Race surrendered. Although Chen Fengyan was in seclusion, he resolved this problem without a sound. This time, Im sure its no exception. However, Chen Fengyan would only solve big problems, so he ignored the juniors of the Demon Race committing violence. Its the same now.

However, if Cui Zhenhai makes a move, then Chen Fengyan will definitely make a move. Or rather, he must have a trump card up his sleeve.

Ling Han thought for a moment, and couldnt help but sigh. He guessed that Chen Fengyan was actually testing his sons, but these sons of his cherished their reputations too much. Not one of them actually stepped out to attack the Demon Race, or the likes of Cui Changyun.

Compared to Chen Fengyan, his sons still werent domineering enough.

Fine, since the Imperial Princes could not be counted on, then it was up to him.

Ling Han made some preparations. On the second day, he first cultivated, then brought the babies with him to the Imperial Palace. Xuanyuan Dingguo had suffered very serious injuries, and had not woken up even now. He could not personally see Ling Han exact revenge for him.

They called for a car. Although there were many people, they were all toddlers anyway, so the back seat could completely accommodate them.

The driver recognized Ling Han and was extremely enthusiastic. When they arrived, he refused to accept any money from Ling Han.

Milord, you are fighting for the people of the Imperial Capital, so how can I accept your money? If you really cant get through this, then just give that guy another punch, and consider it as fare for my journey, the driver said.

Ling Han didnt act coy. He nodded, and said with a smile, Alright, Ill definitely throw two more punches.

Originally, he had planned to kill Cui Changyun with a single strike, but now, he would use two more moves.

Ling Han walked with his children. Ahead of them was the large plaza in front of the Imperial Palace. Vehicles were not allowed entry.

Cui Changyun clearly had a deeper motive for setting the venue for the decisive battle here.

Defeating Ling Han in the heart of the Imperial Capital, from a certain aspect, also represented the sudden collapse of the imperial authority.

Hence, Cui Changyun was not the slightest bit stupid. In fact, it was Cui Zhenhai who had instructed the challenge this time, but it was up to Cui Changyun himself to decide what methods he would use.

Cui Changyun did not keep a low profile at all. He publicized the matter of the battle, so a great many people had gathered in the plaza by now, scrambling to see it.

Ling Han!

Ling Han is here!

After discovering Ling Hans presence, the crowd instantly went crazy. Previously, Ling Han had suppressed the prodigy of the Demon Race, severely demoralizing the pride of the Demon Race and bringing pride to the human race. And now, it was again him who had stepped out. This kind of heroic action was naturally worthy of admiration.

Since they were on the same side, it was natural that everyone hoped that Ling Han would win, so they all cheered him on.

Ling Han nodded at everyone, and also arrived at the center of the Imperial Palace Plaza, surrounded by everyone else.

Those that could stand here were all mighty figures of the Imperial Capital.

There were descendants of the Four Great Generals, Grand Tutor Hong, and the others, the prodigies of the Demon Race, as well as many Imperial Princes and imperial grandsons. Everyone was paying close attention to this battle.

Ling Hans eyes swept over the gathered masses, and saw Hong Tianliang, the Eldest Imperial Prince, the Second Imperial Prince and the other elder Imperial Princes. However, he did not see the Demon Race princess, so he did not know if this bewitching woman had arrived yet.

However, he didnt take it to heart. Instead, he focused his gaze ahead.

Cui Changyun stood side by side with a woman, presently smiling faintly.Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Looks like this woman was Cui Zhenhais daughter, Cui Xiaoxiao. It was just that he did not know if she was Cui Changyuns older sister or younger sister.

Youre here. Cui Changyun stopped his conversation with Cui Xiaoxiao. He looked at Ling Han, and revealed a proud smile, Everyone says that you and Hong Tianbu are the Twin Prodigies of the Human Race. Hehe, I really dont know which idiot bestowed this title on you. Can the two of you represent the Human Race? Now, I will first defeat you, then defeat Hong Tianbu, so everyone would know that you are just frogs at the bottom of a well.

Ling Han scoffed and said, Seeing as youre about to die, Ill let you say a few more words..