Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3434: Consecutive Torture

Translator: Henyee Translations | Editor: Henyee Translations

Cui Changyun faltered for a moment, then laughed loudly, I dont know if you

are a prodigy or not, but your tongue is really impressive.

Everyone, including the Demon Race, nodded in agreement. They had all experienced Ling Hans ability to talk, and they had all experienced his ability to drive people to almost death by fury.

I also disdain from using my cultivation level to suppress you, and will only use the power of Extreme Bone Tier, Cui Changyun said, his tone filled with confidence and calm.

Ling Han chuckled, and said, Whatever, its all the same.

Even if he unleashed the battle prowess of Inscription Tier, his only fate

would be death in front of Ling Han.

Ling Han wanted to use this battle to tell everyone that his friends were definitely not to be touched. This was his reverse scale, and anyone who touched it would die.

Cui Changyun stepped out, and said, Make your move.

Ling Han was unconcerned, and casually shot out a punch.

Boom, the power of the punch turned into a strange and violent Demonic

Monkey, which crushed towards Cui Changyun.

Cui Changyun smirked coldly, and delivered a palm strike.

Peng!

The two forces clashed, and were instantly annihilated.

Thats all youve got? Cui Changyun said in disdain. He leaped over, and stretched out a hand to grab out at Ling Hans face. And this is actually worthy of being called the Twin Prodigies of the Human Race? Just how ignorant are you people?

Ling Han bared his teeth in a grin, and also stretched out a hand, grabbing back at Cui Chang Yuns head.

This grab was incredibly fast.

Cui Changyuns expression immediately changed drastically. He had never imagined that this grab from Ling Han would be so fast, so fast that he could not change his move or dodge at all.

He understood that Ling Hans punch just then had been completely for the sake of lulling him into a state of carelessness.

F***, you are so sly, too f****** treacherous.

Ling Han had already grabbed Cui Changyuns face, and then suddenly leaned towards the ground.

Peng, a heavy sound rang out, and Cui Changyuns whole head had completely sunk into the floor tiles, and this floor tile was naturally torn into pieces as well. Not only that, quite a number of floor tiles nearby had cracked open due to the powerful impact.

At this moment, everyone was rendered speechless.

Who would have thought that Cui Changyun who had previously been so arrogant and haughty, completely and insufferably arrogant, but in the end, he could not even withstand a single move from Ling Han?

Who was the frog at the bottom of a well here?

Hiss, these floor tiles should be made of Great Origin Stone, right?

Thats right. The unique trait of Great Origin Stone is that it is hard and heavy.

Merely one would be able to reach 5000kg.

But such a sturdy floor tile has actually been shattered by force now.

Under the shockwave of the aftermath, the nearby Great Origin Stones were also shattered. Just how terrifying is this impact?

It can only be said that Cui Changyuns head is really hard.

Everyone said one after another. Some were stunned, while others began to tease him.

Peng!

Debris flew in all directions, and Cui Changyuns head shot out. His head was indeed hard enough, and had not been split open by this kind of impact, but his face was still very badly scratched. There were a few more wounds, causing him to look a little disheveled, but also a little fiercer.

Ling, Han! he spat out word by word, his eyes exuding a captivating coldness.

And now, he was finally angered.

Previously, he had not taken Ling Han seriously at all, and thought that Ling Hans reputation was just an empty boast. Thus, even if he had suppressed his power to Extreme Bone Tier, he was still filled with disdain, and thought that he could easily subdue Ling Han.

-On the other hand, if he had to use his Inscription Tier ability to take down Ling Han, that would be equivalent to saying that he was no match for Hong Tianbu in a battle.

You will die a very tragic death! he roared loudly, and charged towards Ling

Han again.

He still suppressed his power to Extreme Bone Tier, and thought that his previous loss was only because he had been too careless. In terms of true battle prowess, he was definitely not weaker than Ling Han.

Xiu, he charged out.

Ling Han was still waiting for him to approach, and only then did he move, grabbing out at Cui Changyuns face.

Cui Changyun instantly cursed in his heart. You want to do it again?

Do you really think Im a pushover?

However, he immediately paled in shock, because even if he had already raised his battle prowess to the peak stage of Extreme Bone Tier, he still could not withstand this blow.

Pa, his face was once again grabbed by Ling Han.

What followed was a repetitive scene. Peng, he was once again pressed into the floor tiles by Ling Han. He was at the same position and depth, but this time, he did not cause any additional damage.

There was complete silence.

The first time, it could still be said that Cui Changyun had been careless, but this time?

He flew into a humiliated rage, so he naturally went all out. However, if even going all out resulted in such a result, how could he endure it?

Ling Han still took a few steps back, but did not deliver a fatal strike.

It was not because he was soft-hearted, but rather because he wanted to first establish the might of the Majestic Empire.eastern fantasy

There was no third time. He would deliver a fatal strike, and kill Cui Changyun. Having made a move wantonly in the Imperial Capital, Ling Han already had the intention to deal with this person, and Xuanyuan Dingguo being heavily injured was a direct trigger, which also caused Ling Han to go from teaching him a lesson to killing him.

Peng, Cui Changyun broke out of the ground. His expression was twisted, and he was extremely driven mad.

Actually, this time, it didnt hurt, because the tile had already been shattered.

He had been smashed into the mud underneath, so it naturally wouldnt hurt much.

It was his mentality that had been provoked.

Previously, he had looked down on Ling Han in every way possible, and thought that Ling Hans reputation had only come from extravagant praise and boasting. His actual battle prowess was definitely far inferior to his. It should be known that where had he come from? How could he be compared to someone who had grown up in such a peaceful environment?

But now? This pride had been shattered.Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

In a battle of equal cultivation levels, he was no match for Ling Han.

No, that was definitely impossible!

Cui Changyun glared angrily at Ling Han, and said, Good one, brat. Youre clearly an Inscription Tier elite, yet impersonated an Extreme Bone Tier elite to deceive me!

Ling Han was also taken aback. He had not thought that Cui Changyun would say such a thing.

When an Inscription Tier cultivator channeled his cultivation level, seals lit up on the internal organs of his body. Of course, this could also be forcefully concealed, though no one would normally do so.

Now, Cui Changyun thought that Ling Han had deliberately concealed his cultivation level, so he naturally flew into a humiliated rage.

He was a sore loser.

Ling Han didnt even bother to argue. This person would soon be a corpse, so there was no need to argue with him.

No one can bully me, Cui Changyun. You must die! Cui Changyun roared in fury. He no longer suppressed his cultivation level. Boom, a terrifying aura surged from his whole body. He had already completely released his cultivation level of Inscription Tier.

En? The few Imperial Princes at the level of Inscription Tier frowned at the same time. The aura that Cui Changyun exuded caused them to feel a sense of apprehension, viewing him as a strong rival.

Some of the young elites of the Demon Race also wore solemn expressions. Even among the prodigies of the Demon Race, only a rare few had surpassed the level of Inscription Tier.

This person was powerful!

Im going to skin you, break your bones, and hang your corpse on the city wall to suffer for a hundred days! Cui Changyun said through gritted teeth. Firstly, he had been embarrassed in public, and secondly, he felt that this was too humiliating to him. He was really furious to the extreme.

Ling Han had the intention to kill him in the first place, and when he heard these words, his killing intent naturally increased even further. Even the seven Calabash Brothers were frowning and glaring. This b@stard actually wanted to kill their father?

Come! Ling Han said calmly. Heavenly Pattern Jade was already in his hand..