Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3435: Crushed with a Single Strike

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Even if Cui Changyun recovered his cultivation level of Inscription Tier, Ling Han was still confident that he could kill him, but it was hard to say how many moves he would need.

—Cui Changyun did indeed have some abilities, and could not be underestimated.

However, Ling Han did not want to fight so long. Both times, he had easily pressed down on the other’s head to eat dirt. This time, he was going to establish the might of the Majestic Empire, so he had to win beautifully and cleanly.

Thus, the Heavenly Pattern Jade was the best choice.

He instilled Spiritual Power, and the weight of the Heavenly Pattern Jade immediately decreased rapidly.

4500kg, 4000kg, 3500kg….

“Ling Han, prepare to regret it!” Cui Changyun said coldly. His figure charged out. Boom, his aura surged. The heart, liver, and other organs that had been inscribed with seals all lit up at the same time, injecting a terrifying power into his physical body.

“Heaven Dominating Fist!”

He threw a fierce punch, communicating with high-level energy. A large area of black light condensed on his fist, and smashed towards Ling Han.

It was only a single punch, but it was like an iron pot, shockingly huge.

Everyone hissed. This person was too terrifying. How could he stimulate such a terrifying high-level energy?

Ling Han was also a little surprised. This Cui Changyun must have a considerably high-level Spirit Diagram in his possession. Otherwise, there was no way he could have drawn out such a powerful high-level energy.

This was not enough to scare him, but if the two of them exchanged blows it would indeed be difficult for Ling Han to suppress him in a short while, and added with the fact that Cui Changyun must have grasped a great many ancient secret techniques, he may be very difficult to deal with.

After all, Ling Han didn’t have a crushing advantage in terms of power, so the two of them would have to compete in technique and battle experience.

Boom, Cui Changyun charged over, his fists striking out furiously. The aura behind him rose, turning into a divine statue. It was thirty meters tall, its eyes wide with anger, generating a terrifying pressure.

Yet Ling Han was completely unconcerned. In Blood Transformation Tier he had reached Seventh Change. When others reached Sixth Change, they would be able to create a Blood Qi Condensation Emperor, which meant that the murderous aura was as terrifying as an emperor, and after Seventh Change, just how terrifying would this murderous aura be?

He would be the only one who was intimidating others, so how could others shock him?

Ling Han smiled faintly, and with a wave of his right hand, the Heavenly Pattern Jade was shot out.

Acceleration, from six times the speed of sound, it quickly climbed to seven times, eight times, nine times the speed of sound. Then, Spiritual Power was withdrawn, and in an instant, the weight had changed from 1.5kg to 5000kg. This was absolutely terrifying. It was guaranteed that Enlightenment Tier elites would only be able to die if they sustained this blow. Perhaps even Mystery Realm Tier elites wouldn’t dare to face it head-on.

However, it was a shame that Ling Han only had one piece. Not only did he have to consider how to retrieve it after smashing it once, but he also had to use his Spiritual Power to compress it for 10 seconds. Otherwise, Ling Han would really dare to challenge a Mystery Realm Tier elite.

However, Cui Changyun was only an Inscription Tier martial artist.

Pa! The Heavenly Pattern Jade instantly struck Cui Changyun’s chest. Then, Cui Changyun’s entire body exploded, leaving behind only two legs. He was still walking forwards, making for a harrowing sight.

The surroundings were deathly silent.

Who could have imagined this?

Cui Changyun had already unleashed the strength of an Inscription Tier elite, and he had even unleashed such a terrifyingly high-level energy. Moreover, ’ the fist technique he used was also extremely terrifying. This punch should’ have had boundless might.

Even if Ling Han fled in a panic, not daring to face this head-on, everyone would still think that it was only natural.

But Ling Han merely threw out a rock, and Cui Changyun was smashed to death.

Smashed to death… smashed to death… smashed to death…

A dignified martial artist of Inscription Tier was actually smashed to death by a rock?

Not only had he been smashed to death, but his whole person had also exploded from the impact, leaving behind only two legs?

Hiss, this was too terrifying!

This was definitely not because Cui Changyun was not strong enough, but rather Ling Han was too terrifying.

F***, this guy was even stronger than Hong Tianbu. At least, at that time it was only rumored that Hong Tianbu could defeat Inscription Tier elites at Extreme Bone Tier, but there was no such thing as killing them with a wave of his hand.

Ling Han strode toward to where the Heavenly Pattern Jade had crashed into. Someone bent down and picked it up. The rock was extremely clean, without the slightest bit of blood on it.

“Give it back,” Ling Han said calmly.

Coincidentally, the person who picked up the Heavenly Pattern Jade was Gu Xiangming.

This guy was extremely conflicted, because he was holding the Heavenly Pattern Jade, and knew how heavy this thing was. No wonder it could kill an Inscription Tier elite with a single strike.

The problem was, just how terrifying did Ling Han have to be to be able to throw something that weighed 5,000kg at such a high speed?

“How dare you!” An ice-cold voice shouted, and Cui Xiaoxiao had already walked over. “Insolent criminal, you actually dare to kill my brother with a Spirit Tool. I will make you pay with your blood!”

After saying this, she turned into a cloud and soared into the sky, descending down on Ling Han.

Her insight was extraordinary, and she knew that the reason why Ling Han could kill Cui Changyun with a single strike was because of that strange rock. Thus, she brazenly charged out without fear.

This time, Cui Changyun had issued a challenge to Ling Han at the behest of their father, and that was to strike a blow to the morale of the people of the Imperial Capital, and boost the popularity of the Purple Rainbow Sect.

He had never imagined that Cui Changyun would actually be defeated by Ling Han in a single move three times. Not only had it not increased the might of the Purple Rainbow Sect, it had instead greatly embarrassed them.

Thus, she had to step out now.

At the first instant, her blood and Qi boiled, and her power skyrocketed, communicating with high-level energy. Her slender palm was immediately entwined with a black-colored energy, which was actually even larger than Cui Changyun. The aura on her body condensed into a sword that shot towards Ling Han first.

His aura disregarded space, and almost instantly reached its target.

Instantly, Ling Han felt a slight pain in his mind. This aura was like a sword wanting to slice through his mind.

‘Hmm?1

Ling Han was surprised. This was the use of the murderous aura. En, it had also been infused with Spiritual Power, so it possessed powerful destructive power against the mind.

So it could also be done like this?

A smile appeared on his face. In terms of murderous aura, he had already reached the Seventh Change in the Blood Transformation Tier. Who could compare to him?

With a single thought, Ling Han shattered the murderous aura sword that Cui Xiaoxiao had attacked with. Then, he counterattacked with the murderous aura. Weng, a figure of blood and Qi pounced out of his mind, pouncing towards Cui Xiaoxiao.

What!

Cui Xiaoxiao’s small mouth was slightly agape, silently expressing the surprise in her heart. Not only had her spiritual attack failed to wound him, it had instead triggered an intense counterattack from him?

The barrage of murderous aura was too fast. Even if Cui Xiaoxiao was an Inscription Tier cultivator, she would not be able to dodge it. Instantly, this blood-coloured figure pounced into her mind.

Boom, Cui Xiaoxiao only felt a tremor in her mind, which then became a complete blank. She could not feel anything at all.

She hurriedly shuddered, and came back to her senses.

This was a battle, so how could she be distracted?

However, an iron fist was already blasting towards her.

It was already too late for her to dodge. She forcefully stretched out her palm to parry. Peng, the power of the punch surged past, and she instantly stumbled back. In her haste, she was unable to gather her full strength. Even if her blood and Qi was boiling, she was actually no match.

Cui Xiaoxiao felt her face flush hotly, as if blood was still dripping from it. Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

She couldn’t help but feel shocked and astonished. What women valued the most was their appearance. Now that there was blood on her face, had her beauty been ruined?

“You deserve to die!” she screamed shrilly, her whole head of black locks standing on end. She was ten times more furious than when Cui Changyun had been killed..