Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3441: Hong Tianliang is defeated again

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Luo Jintang crooked a finger at him, saying, Make your move.

Hong Tianliang took a deep breath, and even the bones in his body were glowing slightly. He curled up slightly, as if he had turned into a fierce beast, -interesting. A hint of surprise appeared on Luo Jintangs face. This is Earth Spirit Overlord Beast Technique?

Hong Tianliangs expression involuntarily changed. You actually recognize this cultivation technique of mine!

This was something that Hong Tianbu had taught him. He had obtained it from an ancient site, so why did this person recognize it?

Hehe, its not some ancient mystical art, so whats so strange about recognizing it? Luo Jintang said nonchalantly.

Hong Tianliang humphed, and said, Shameless boasting. Ill let you know the price for speaking such arrogant words.

He charged out, then threw a punch at Luo Jintang.Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

A strange scene appeared. The ground twisted, and behind Luo Jintang, a golem broke out of the ground, similarly brandishing its fists and firing a punch at Luo Jintang.

This golem was much taller, reaching 30 meters in height. One of its fists was even larger than Luo Jintang. It actually communicated with high-level energy, and its entire fist was enshrouded in a dark and eerie light.

Luo Jintang smiled faintly, and casually threw a punch behind him. Peng, the force hit, and the golem immediately crumbled.

At this moment, Hong Tianliang had already arrived. Luo Jintang shot out a kick, aimed directly at Hong Tianliangs face.

It was an extremely obvious humiliation.

He could obviously use his foot to block the golems attacks, and then use his fists to deal with Hong Tianliang, but he just had to do the opposite. The intent to humiliate him was very obvious.

Hong Tianliang roared furiously, and his fist ruthlessly descended.

Peng!

The fist and the foot clashed, instantly triggering a wave of energy that spread out in all directions. Then, Hong Tianliang stumbled backwards, and only managed to stop after retreating a whole eleven steps.

-This is your power at Third Extreme? Hong Tianliangs expression was filled with shock.

Thats right, Luo Jintang nodded.

Hong Tianliang wore a solemn expression. He was no match in a battle of Third Extreme versus Third Extreme in terms of power, which meant that the latters foundations were stronger than his. However, he wasnt afraid of battle. Although power was the most important part of battle prowess, it wasnt all of it.

Again! He launched another attack, throwing punch after punch. Stone golems popped up repeatedly from the ground, throwing huge punches at Luo

Jintang.

There was no way to avoid this, because the golems fists were entwined with high-level energy. If one was punched, it wouldnt be a joke.

However, Luo Jintangs strength could be seen at this moment. He shattered the golems with a casual punch, and even released loud shouts, creating terrifying soundwaves which could also shatter the golems.

After blocking a few moves, he began to counterattack.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

Even though his figure was very slender, his attacks were filled with dominance, as if he was a wild bull that was rampaging around.

Once he unleashed his might, Hong Tianliang immediately fell into a disadvantage. In just a hundred moves, he was sent flying with a punch.

If this was a life-and-death duel, he naturally could still continue fighting, but in a sparring match, his loss was already very obvious.

His expression was filled with dejection and disappointment, yet he had no choice but to say, I have lost.

In the past, there had only been Hong Tianbu suppressing him, and afterwards, there was Ling Han. Though the prodigies of the Demon Race were prodigious, they were still a foreign race, after all. Furthermore, everyone knew that below the Celestial Path, the Demon Race was extremely powerful, so it was normal that they were inferior. In any case, there was still a long way to go.

Yet now, another Luo Jintang had actually appeared and defeated him very easily.

This seriously pierced his heart.

Hong Tianliangs mental fortitude was already very strong. He had survived the blow to his pride from Hong Tianbu, and he had also survived the blow from Ling Han. However, he could only do it three times. This blow caused his fighting spirit to completely fall.

He turned around and left, despondent.

Luo Jintang smiled faintly, not taking it to heart at all.

He once again sat down in a cross-legged position, as if nothing had happened.

This Luo Jintang is truly unfathomable. Hong Tianliang actually failed to force him to reveal his true strength, the Thirteenth Imperial Prince said with a frown.

Your Imperial Highness, since the opponents strength is unfathomable, it would be best not to be rash. It would be fine if you won, but if you lost, it would be a great blow to your prestige, an aide beside him said.

The Thirteenth Imperial Prince shook his head, In the past, Cui Changyun was tyrannical and unreasonable, and I did not make a move because I treasured my reputation. In the end, I missed out on a great opportunity. This is a test from my Imperial Father. Even if I lose, it would at least show that I have the courage to fight, and that would add a great deal of credit to me in my Imperial

Fathers heart.

Qian Ji, you dont understand. Fathers strength is unparalleled. If he says that he would allow me to inherit the throne, then even if I am an idiot, I would still be able to sit firmly!

Your Imperial Highness is wise! The aide hurriedly flattered.

The Thirteenth Imperial Prince made his decision, and immediately strode out, heading towards Luo Jintang.

The Thirteenth Prince has moved!

He wants to challenge Luo Jintang?

-This is the son of the Holy Emperor, so his abilities are definitely extraordinary.

How heroic, Thirteenth Imperial Prince!

After whispering among themselves for a while, they immediately began cheering for the Thirteenth Prince.

There was a smile on the Thirteenth Imperial Princes face, and he nodded repeatedly at the people around him, appearing to be calm and unhurried. Ling Han was also intrigued. He only knew that the Eldest Imperial Prince had a Divine Physique, and had now advanced into the Mystery Realm Tier. Meanwhile, the Seventh Imperial Prince was skilled in spiritual power, and had reached the so-called level of Great Accomplishment. And now, there was another p;der Imperial Prince who was about to make a move, which filled him with slight anticipation.bender

He activated his eye technique, and he could see that the bones in the Thirteenth Imperial Princes body were rainbow-colored, and there were five inscribed patterns on his chest.

He was a peak stage Inscription Tier that had broken through at Fifth Extreme. Ling Han thought internally. The Thirteenth Imperial Prince had not yet advanced into Enlightenment Tier. Otherwise, there would be the light of acupuncture points all over his body, and now he could not see a single one. Clearly, he was still in Inscription Tier.

-An imperial Prince of the Empire? Luo Jintang asked the Thirteenth Prince as he opened his eyes. He didnt stand up.

The Thirteenth Imperial Prince smiled faintly, I am Chen Wangxiang, ranked thirteenth.

So its the Thirteenth Imperial Prince. Luo Jintang finally stood up, saying, As the son of the Holy Emperor, I wonder how powerful your battle prowess

is.

-I am in Five Inscriptions, the Thirteenth Imperial Prince replied.

Luo Jintang nodded and said, Im at Four Inscriptions, so I dont need to suppress my cultivation level. This is a good opportunity to battle to my hearts content.

Please!

Please!

After exchanging a word of invitation, both sides immediately moved, and began an intense battle.

As the son of the Holy Emperor, and one of the more powerful ones, the Thirteenth Imperial Prince had naturally inherited a portion of Chen Fengyans bloodline. His battle prowess was extremely powerful, and he was completely different from the Seventh Imperial Prince. He was skilled in close-quarter combat, with punches, elbow strikes, knee kicks, and so on. His attacks were ever-changing, as if every part of his body could be used as a weapon.

Luo Jintang, meanwhile, used a palm technique. It was mediocre and calm, yet he defended steadily.

The two sides probed each other for a while, then used their respective ultimate moves. The battle became incredibly intense.

Ling Han watched with great interest. These two people werent weak, and they were both Inscription Tier elites with unique battle techniques.

It was still a battle worth learning from..