Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3442: The Imperial Prince moves

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

In the case of Meridian Opening Tier, there was only an increase in power, and at most, they would only be able to release their power. In the case of Blood Transformation Tier, the murderous aura could be used as a weapon, and after their blood and Qi boiled, their power would increase by two to three times, and their explosive power would be astonishing.

In Extreme Bone Tier, there was an improvement in defense, strengthening their bones, becoming even sturdier than refined metal.

However, this was passive, and what was strengthened was defense.

What was the improvement of Inscription Tier?

Ha! The Thirteenth Imperial Prince roared loudly, and five inscriptions lit up in his body. He threw another punch, and the power of his fist surged.

Surprisingly, there were also five inscriptions attached to it, which he shot towards Luo Jintang.

Luo Jintang didnt dare to be careless. He kicked out, and the force of his kick transformed into the shape of a foot. Similarly, there were flickering patterns on the foot, greeting the force of the punch.

Peng!Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

The two powers clashed, and both were instantly annihilated.

The Thirteenth Imperial Princes expression involuntarily darkened. He had already used his full strength, and had even activated his inscribed patterns, but he had actually only managed to tie with his opponent.

It should be known that he was a Five Inscriptions elite, while the other was a Four Inscriptions elite.

Even if the other had also gone all out, that would still prove that he was inferior to the other.

And if Luo Jintang still had some power left, then the Thirteenth Imperial Prince shook his head, not allowing his thoughts to continue.

Luo Jintang smiled faintly, I have a rough idea of Your Imperial Highnesss strength, so please experience my strength, Your Imperial Highness!

He began to unleash his explosive power, and his battle prowess instantly increased by a significant amount. Hong, hong, hong! In just a few dozen moves, the Thirteenth Prince had no choice but to admit defeat.

Luo Jintang was very measured in his movements, stopping when he had reached a certain point.

Ling Han knew that this wasnt because Luo Jintang was kind, but rather because of Chen Fengyans reputation. As long as this great emperor wasnt defeated, no one would dare to break the laws of the Majestic Empire, at least not in the Imperial Capital.

The Thirteenth Imperial Prince left dejectedly, causing everyone to sigh endlessly.

Even the Imperial Prince had been defeated!

Tong! Tong! Tong!

There was the sound of heavy footsteps as another Imperial Prince appeared.

Ninth Prince! everyone exclaimed.

Everyone knew that those Imperial Princes who were older were all very powerful, especially those who were ranked in the top ten.

Thus, though the Thirteenth Prince had lost, the Ninth Prince still had a high chance of winning if he interfered.

Ling Han activated his eye technique and carefully examined the Ninth Prince.

Yi?

He couldnt help but feel surprised. This was because the Ninth Princes bones werent the rainbow-colored bones of the Fifth Extreme, nor were they the white bones of the Sixth Extreme. Instead, they were pitch-black, and it was extremely bizarre.

There were five inscribed patterns on his chest, and seventeen apertures lit up around him.

Enlightenment Tier!

As expected, none of the older Imperial Princes were pushovers. Aside from the Seventh Imperial Prince, another Imperial Prince in the Enlightenment Tier had appeared.bender

But what the hell were these black bones?

Ling Han had Second Baby observe as well. This was the truly powerful eye technique.

Thats Deep Sea Black Iron, which he has fused into his bones, Second Baby said. Interesting. This person should have cultivated a Mystical Power, which allows him to fuse with metal.

As he spoke, the Ninth Prince was already standing in front of Luo Jintang.

Im Chen Hao, ranked ninth, Enlightenment Tier, the Ninth Prince said. Ill seal my cultivation of Enlightenment Tier.

Please provide guidance, Your Imperial Highness. Luo Jintang stepped out.

Jintang, dont be careless. The old man who had been sitting cross-legged on the side suddenly spoke up.

He did not speak, and it was as if others had forgotten that there was such a being, but the moment he opened his mouth, his image immediately became lofty, and weighed down heavily on everyones hearts, exuding an indescribable oppressiveness.

This was a Celestial Path elite.

Luo Jintang was slightly surprised. His senior had actually warned him to be careful, which meant that this Ninth Princes abilities should be astonishing. At least, they had exceeded his expectations.

He did not dare to be careless, and said, Please!

The Ninth Prince bared his teeth in a grin, and suddenly shot out a punch, which smashed towards Luo Jintang.

This punch stirred up the winds and clouds, as if it was about to tear open space itself.

Luo Jintang was astonished. Why was this punch so powerful?

He did not cower, and greeted the incoming blow with a raised fist.

Peng!

The two fists crashed into each other, and Luo Jintangs expression instantly changed drastically. He leaped forward, drawing out the distance between himself and the Ninth Prince.

At this moment, he raised his head and saw that his fist had actually caved in. Clearly, even his bones had been broken.

He couldnt help but feel surprised. His opponents punch wasnt stronger than his, but it could break his bones with a single punch. This meant that his opponents bones were extremely strange, possessing destructive power above standard, and that was why his bones were broken with a single punch.

Luo Jintang channelled his mystical power to roughly heal his injuries. He naturally couldnt recover completely in a short while, but it was fine as long as it didnt affect his battle.

The Ninth Prince smiled, revealing two rows of snow-white teeth, appearing extremely rough in demeanor. My bones are especially hard, and to fight me head-on, you are too unwise.

This was obviously a deliberate mockery. Before fighting, who would have known that your bones would be tough to this extent? Furthermore, that you would possess powerful destructive power.

Luo Jintang waved his hand. At this moment, he naturally understood why the old man had told him not to be careless. He smiled faintly, I never thought that Your Imperial Highness would actually have cultivated a Mystical Power! Mystical Power?

Hearing these words, most people looked at a loss. What was a Mystical Power?

However, those like the Third Imperial Prince and the Fifth Imperial Prince all tensed up. They naturally knew what a Mystical Power Technique was. Though a Mystical Power that one had attained after birth could not compare to a Mystical Power that one had naturally attained, since it could be called a Mystical Power Technique, it was naturally out of the ordinary.

Ninth actually silently cultivated a Mystical Power?

The Ninth Prince smiled again, revealing his snow-white teeth, appearing very simple and honest. So, you have to be careful.

I will. Luo Jintang nodded. His expression became serious, and light circulated and changed in his body, forming a golden bell around him. There were ancient characters on the bell, but none of them could be recognized.

The Ninth Prince roared loudly, and still shot out a punch at Luo Jintang.

Peng!

The iron fist landed heavily on the golden bell, but the golden bell only trembled slightly, and did not shatter.

The Ninth Prince wasnt shocked, and he simply smiled faintly. The golden bell trembled, and a streak of golden light sank into his fist. The golden bell then dimmed, and in an instant, it disappeared into nothingness.

It was resolved just like that?

The Ninth Prince threw another punch, causing his power to rumble and become incredibly heavy.

Luo Jintang hurriedly retreated, dodging this punch.

He was astounded, and said, Ive really underestimated Your Highnesss Mystical Power. So it can swallow the Qi of Metal!

The Ninth Prince bared his teeth in a grin. Thats right. I can devour any metal-element energy!

Ling Han was also shocked. This ability was a little terrifying.

Third Baby sneered and said, Hes nothing but a measly Metal Devouring Mystical Power Technique. It is not even worthy of being ranked. If the metallic energy unleashed surpasses his fusion limit, he can still be severely wounded. She had an indestructible body, so she was probably working in the same way as the Ninth Prince. Thus, she looked down on him with disdain.

Ling Han smiled. Third Baby was a proud child, and in her eyes, even Chen Fengyan would probably only get a decent evaluation.

Your Highness, try this move of mine again! Luo Jintang launched a counterattack. He delivered a palm strike, and hong, the air was also ignited, turning into a fire dragon that pounced towards the Ninth Prince..