Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3449: Refusing to leave

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Ling Han took a sip of tea, and praised, Good tea!

He was deliberately playing dumb.

Princess Bixiaos eyes widened in anger. Previously, when she had been staying at Ling Hans place, she had never imagined that there would come a day that Ling Han would also stay at her place.

An eye for an eye.

Her beautiful eyes shone, and suddenly, her anger turned into a smile, as she said, If Grandmaster Ling is willing to join our Demon Race, then Bixiao would definitely try my best to protect you.

Ling Han pretended to be surprised, and said, Bixiao, you are treating me like an outsider with such words. Is there any need to distinguish our relationship so clearly?

We have absolutely nothing to do with each other!

Princess Bixiao felt an urge to commit murder, yet Chen Fengyan was like a lofty mountain that she could only look up to, hovering above the head of the Demon Race. She didnt dare to act rashly at all. Otherwise, it wouldnt just be her matter alone. It was possible that the entire Demon Race would pay the price for her mistake.

Damn it, it was merely a mere Extreme Bone Tier.

She gritted her teeth, and said, Arrange guest rooms for Grandmaster Ling

and the kids.

Yes, Your Highness. A servant nodded.

Only then did Ling Han stand up, and said, Kids, lets go and sleep.

Go to sleep!

Go to sleep!

The seven toddlers giggled as they followed Ling Han.

If it was these words, you heard them very clearly!

Princess Bixiao felt an urge to hit him again.

Ling Han went to Princess Bixiaos residence? The Seventh Imperial Prince was taken aback. This gave him a shock, but at the same time, he also felt an indescribable fury.

Previously, when Princess Bixiao had stayed a night in Ling Hans residence, it had already caused him to almost seek Ling Han out, and directly kill this guy. Now, what was the matter? Are you two reciprocating the favour? You stay a night in my house, and I will stay a night in yours?

Does he really want to die?

Previously, when Princess Bixiao had entered into the Imperial Capital, she had sent out a clear signal that she would marry an Imperial Prince, in order to facilitate the relations between the Human Race and the Demon Race.

But now? Princess Bixiao had actually hooked up with Ling Han. What was going on here?

Previously, all the Imperial Princes felt as if they had been cheated on. However, the sudden upheaval of heaven and earth had diverted everyones attention, but this time was different. It had become extremely dangerous outside the Imperial Capital, and there was no way to divert the internal conflicts. Ling Han had publicly moved into the residence of Princess Bixiao, and who knew how great a commotion it would cause.

Your Imperial Highness, should we cancel the plan? the aide asked.

The Seventh Imperial Prince thought for a moment, then said, No, this is actually a rare opportunity. In the first place, there are enough people who want to kill that brat to form a queue, and today, it is guaranteed that a great many people would not be able to hold themselves back from making a move. Since that is the case, why dont Your Imperial Highness just sit by and watch? In any case, there is someone who can complete the mission for Your Imperial Highness, the aide said.

The Seventh Imperial Prince shook his head, Though that brat is injured, his abilities are still not weak I want to see him die with my own eyes, and only then would I be truly at ease.

There was something that he didnt say. Who knew if something had happened between Ling Han and Princess Bixiao? Thus, he definitely had to see Ling Han die. Only then would he be able to vent the anger in his heart.

And today, the Imperial Capital was destined to be bustling with noise and excitement. There were a considerable number of Imperial Princes that had secretly decided to make a move at night. Ling Han actually dared to publicly reside in Princess Bixiaos residence. This was something that they could no longer tolerate. Coincidentally, Ling Han was severely injured, and without Absolute Fairness, now was the best time to kill him.

In the middle of the night, figures appeared outside Princess Bixiaos manor. Occasionally, masked people in black would appear. In fact, when someone climbed onto a tree, he awkwardly discovered that there was actually someone glaring at him from above. He hurriedly smiled, and leaped down to find another place, where he could look down on this manor.

Someone couldnt bear it any longer and snuck into the manor, preparing to launch a sneak attack. However, they soon saw the door open, and this person was thrown out like trash.

Very quickly, a second and third person snuck in, but without exception, they all went in vertically and came out horizontally.

This manor was like a bottomless pit. After one entered, there was no more movement. When he came back out, he had already passed out, and no one heard the commotion of the battle at all.

One after another, people walked in and then were sent flying out. At first, no one noticed, but when there were more than ten people lying outside the residence, this finally attracted everyones attention.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Could this be a dragons lair or a tigers den?

The Seventh Imperial Prince was just about to move out personally, when he saw a figure sweep into the residence.

Yi, Ninth? he murmured, and hurriedly stopped in his tracks.

The Ninth Prince was an Enlightenment Tier elite. If he made a move, how could a person who had already lost the advantage of Absolute Fairness and was severely injured possibly block it?bender

With this in mind, he naturally wouldnt charge forward again. This was to avoid attracting unnecessary trouble.

However, it was only an instant, and a loud bang was heard from the courtyard. Peng, peng, peng! Then, a hole was blasted into the courtyard wall, and a figure flew out, lying on the ground.

Though this persons face was covered, the Seventh Imperial Prince could tell with a single glance that this was his Ninth Brother.

How was this possible?

The Ninth Prince was an Enlightenment Tier elite, so how many people in the imperial Capital were more powerful than him? Moreover, to defeat him in such a short amount of time, the number of people who could do so could be counted on ones fingers.

Could it be that it was because Xue Chiluo was standing guard here?

Thats not right. Xue Chiluo had long since returned to the Demon Race. There could not possibly be another Mystery Realm Tier here.

Xiu, right at this moment, a figure flew out of the manor, and stood proudly on the highest pavilion. One hand wielded a sword, and her white dress was like snow. As the night breeze blew, the dress clung tightly to her delicate figure, outlining her perfect figure in the finest detail.

She was as graceful as a fairy and as beautiful as a painting.

The Seventh Imperial Prince was first suffocated by her beauty, then his eyes widened.

This was Princess Bixiao.

What?

A strange thought rose up in the Seventh Imperial Princes mind. Could it be that the mysterious elite that had defeated the Ninth Prince was actually this Princess of the Demon Race?

Hiss!

Anyone who dares to barge into my manor will be killed without mercy! Princess Bixiao said coldly, like a goddess.

She finally stopped concealing her cultivation level. A powerful aura circulated, causing those outside the manor to have difficulty breathing.

The Seventh Imperial Prince no longer had the slightest bit of doubt. This was a Mystery Realm Tier elite.

How was this possible?

The princess of the Demon Race was only in her twenties. How had she cultivated?

This was not just a matter of cultivation resources, but also needed the support of natural talent in cultivation.

His pupils contracted. The Demon Race had actually sent such a prodigy to the Imperial Capital; was it really so simple for the sake of marriage?

If he had been the Demon Emperor, would he have sacrificed such a prodigious descendant?

Princess Bixiao swept her gaze over the surroundings before leaping down.

Her face was filled with fury. All this while, she had used her charisma to roam freely among the various Imperial Princes, nobles and influential officials, with ease. But now, she was forced to show her true abilities. In future, it would definitely draw the vigilance of others, and she would no longer be able to maintain her outstanding status.

All of this was that bustards fault..