Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3451: Assault from the Lu Clan

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Jin Sanyin continued, Though you have similar cultivation levels in terms of major tier, Hong Tianbu definitely has the advantage of a minor level. Moreover, hes already advanced to Enlightenment Tier, so his battle awareness and experience are both superior to yours.

In this kind of situation, you are still able to fight him to the point that neither side is able to win. This truly astonishes me.

Thank you for your praise, Uncle, Ling Han said with a smile. However, you didnt come here just to praise me, did you?

The smile on Jin Sanyins face disappeared, and he said, I want to ask young friend about someone.

Oh, who is it? Ling Han asked.

Jin Shaohuang! Jin Sanyin said. His eyes were fixed on Ling Han.

Ling Han spread his hands, and said, Oh, Ive seen him once. What about it?

Shaohuang is my grandson, but he died after meeting with young friend, Jin Sanyin said in a sinister voice.

Then please restrain your grief, uncle, Ling Han said with a nod.

Jin Sanyin ignored him, and continued, I once thought that he had been killed by a Celestial Path elite that had suddenly appeared in the Mystery Realm, but facts have proven that he had been killed even earlier.

Theres such a thing? Ling Han pretended to be surprised.

Jin Sanyin nodded and said, With such strength, Im sure it has to be you, young friend.

Oh?

Young friend, you possess Absolute Fairness, which can pull the level of your opponents to the same level as you, and in a battle of equal cultivation levels, who would be able to match young friend? Jin Sanyin said.

Ling Han shook his head and said, Uncle, its meaningless for you to say this. According to you, if someone dies, its my fault?

Jin Sanyin smiled, and said, Then let me ask you another question. Young friend, have you seen anyone from the Lu Clan there?

Ling Han was astonished. He had naturally seen members of the Lu Clan before, and they had even been killed together with members of the Jin Clan.

Not sure. He shook his head.

Then I shall take my leave! Jin Sanyin turned around and left.

Uncle, Ling Han called out.

Young friend, could it be that youve recalled something? Jin Sanyin stopped in his tracks.

If you come again, remember to knock, Ling Han said.

Jin Sanyin couldnt help but feel awkward. He humphed, leaped up, and soon disappeared.

What was this? Using civility before resorting to force?

Ling Han stretched out lazily, and did not take it to heart. When he slept, he would activate the formation. If anyone really dared to come, then even if they did, they would not be able to return.

Ninth Master Jin, what did that brat say? As soon as Jin Sanyin came out of the Ling Residence, he got into a car, and there was a middle-aged man in his forties sitting in the drivers seat.

Jin Sanyin humphed, and said, Shaohuang and Shaojian were most likely killed by that brat.

The middle-aged man showed a hint of killing intent, and said, Since Ninth Master Jin has confirmed it, well move immediately and kill this brat.

Jin Sanyin shook his head and said, Previously, Ive already confirmed that it was that brat. Im not here today to confirm this.

The middle-aged man found this strange. Then why are you looking for Ling Han?

However, he didnt ask.

Jin Sanyin explained, That brat has Absolute Fairness, and even a Mystery Realm Tier would be dragged into the same cultivation level by him. I have to say, that brats battle prowess at the same cultivation level is indeed powerful. Im definitely no match for him.

Then we can also send someone to expend it first, and have that brat use Absolute Fairness first. Ninth Master Jin, you can make your move then, the middle-aged man said.

Jin Sanyin glared at him, and said, Who should we send? That brats normal battle prowess is enough to sweep aside Inscription Tier elites. How many elites of the Enlightenment Tier are there in our Jin Clan? Which one of them can be sacrificed?

The middle-aged man was rendered speechless.

Then what should we do? After a while, he asked.

Jin Sanyin sneered and said, This is the reason why I came. He operated the optical computer, and the conversation between Ling Han and him instantly sounded.

The people that the Lu Clan has sent out have also been completely wiped out. It should also be this brat who has done it. Hence, I will hand the recording of this conversation over to the Lu Clan, and they will move.

If they can succeed, then it would naturally save me some effort. If they cant, then that despicable brat would definitely have used Absolute Fairness. It would be a piece of cake for me to make another move.

Realization dawned on the middle-aged man. He raised his thumb and said, Brilliant, truly brilliant!

Jin Sanyin didnt say anything, but there was a smug expression on his face.

After Ling Han activated the warning formation, he entered the Essence Nurturing Gourd to rest. After accumulating for a day, the Essence Nurturing Gourd was already filled with a mysterious energy that could increase his Spiritual Power.

He slept without worry. Even if someone really barged in, it would be impossible for them to discover the existence of this gourd in a short while.

When it was three to four oclock in the morning, Ling Han suddenly woke up.

He had received an alert that someone had broken in.

One, two, three, four, five, six. Ling Han counted, and there were a total of six people.

He immediately exited the gourd, and saw that the seven babies had all sat up straight, all of them looking very energetic.

Father, nine, ten, no, sixteen people have come! Second Baby immediately said, gesturing with her fingers.Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

Ling Han was rendered speechless. Second Baby was extremely smart, but her counting was terrible. How exactly did she grow?

Come, lets go out and take a look at these uninvited guests.

Ling Han brought his seven children with him. Coincidentally, the six people were also heading in his direction. It was as if they knew where Ling Han was staying, but when they saw Ling Han and his group approach, they were obviously shocked.

What was going on here?

They had come to launch a sneak attack, yet the main target was facing them head-on. This was a little awkward.

Its good that you have come out on your own, to save us the time of searching, one of them said. All six of them had their faces covered. Judging by their height, this person was the third tallest.

Spread out a bit. This brat has Absolute Fairness, and the area of coverage is about 30 meters, the person who was the fourth tallest said.

Sure enough, the six of them dispersed, keeping a very far distance from each other.

Ling Han, did you kill Lu Gao? the tallest masked person shouted.

Ling Han was astonished. This person wasnt a member of the Jin Clan?

He thought for a moment, and suddenly came to a realization. As it turned out, this was the true purpose of Jin Sanyin coming to him.

He smiled, and did not hide anything else, and said, Thats right. I was the one who killed him.

How dare you! the six masked people shouted in unison. Though Lu Gao wasnt the most outstanding descendant of the Lu Clan, he could still be ranked in the top five. Dying at the hands of Ling Han was naturally a huge loss.

Die! The third tallest masked man was the first to move, and shot out a punch from afar. The force turned into a ball of light the size of a human head, which blasted towards Ling Han.

Enlightenment Tier elites.

Ling Han nodded. After learning of his strength, which other Inscription Tier elite dared to battle him?bender

He hurriedly dodged. The battle prowess of an Enlightenment Tier elite was enough to kill him.

With a thought, his spiritual power circulated, and instantly, the formation foundations that had been set up in various corners of his residence were stimulated by him. The energy of the jade seeds was extracted, which in turn stimulated the great power of heaven and earth.

My cultivation level has been suppressed!

F***, why has my cultivation level been suppressed as well?

Me too!