Chapter 3452: Killed All

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The six people from the Lu Clan were all shocked. Though they had mobilized six people, their purpose was to force out Ling Hans Absolute Fairness. Once this formation was used, then no matter how freakishly talented Ling Han was, his only fate would be death.

However, they were clearly more than 30 meters away from Ling Han, so how had they been affected?

Moreover, even if Ling Han took off the Absolute Fairness clothes and placed it somewhere, it would only affect one person. After all, they had created enough distance between them.

Thus, they couldnt figure it out!

Ling Han cracked a smile, and said, You guys were tricked by that old b@stard, Jin Sanyin.

They had been tricked?

The six of them exchanged looks, seeming to be very confused.

Ling Han said calmly, I also killed Jin Shaohuang and Jin Shaojian. That old b@stard clearly knew, yet didnt make a move himself. Do you guys still not understand what hes planning?

What on earth did you do? the second tallest masked person exclaimed in shock. It was clear that he had not heeded Ling Hans words.

Ling Han cracked a smile, I think the Absolute Fairness Formation has too many disadvantages. It can only be maintained for a short period of time, and the area it covers is very limited, so I have modified it a bit.

F*ck! Is that why the range of use has increased? Gasp! It cant be that the time limit has also become longer, right?

The six masked people were all shocked. If that was really the case, then their plans would have been greatly mistaken.

This guy was too freakish, wasnt he? He was obviously only in his twenties, but why was his natural talent in martial arts so high and his abilities so strong, yet he was still a Formation Master!

Would you let others live?

However, you guys dont have to worry. The person I hate the most is when others screw me over. So, you guys take your leave first. Not too long after, I will also kill that old b@stard and send him to reunite with you guys, Ling Han said.

Lets go! The tallest masked man made a prompt decision. He could already sense that his cultivation level had been suppressed to Fifth Extreme. He was probably no match for Ling Han.

Xiu, xiu, xiu, the six of them instantly fled in all directions.

The seven Calabash Brothers were all in high spirits, and immediately charged out, surrounding them.

Ling Han walked casually, Am I too kind, so there will always be people wanting to ride on my coattail? Fine, I will kill to my hearts content today, and let others know that trespassing into my territory requires a price of blood!

Peng! He threw a punch, and the head of one of the masked men was obliterated.

Yo, Father is so cruel!

The scene is too violent. It will lead children astray.

Our poor, innocent hearts!

The seven babies were covering their eyes, but the gaps between their fingers were wide open, making for a very interesting sight.

These seven children were problematic children from birth.

Ling Han didnt accept surrender. In just a few moves, the six people were completely annihilated.

In a battle of equal cultivation levels, aside from Hong Tianbu, who else could block a single punch from him?

Perhaps Princess Bixiao could, and perhaps the Eldest Imperial Prince could. However, it would only be a matter of blocking a few punches. Ultimately, they would not be a match for him.

He tossed the corpses of the six people outside the main doors, using them as a deterrent.

When he threw the corpses out, on a tall building several hundred meters away, Jin Sanyins eyes involuntarily narrowed, and a powerful chill rose up in his heart.

Though the six people from the Lu Clan had already become headless corpses, he was very clear that these six people were all Enlightenment Tier elites.

The six of them moved, and not only were they unable to kill Ling Han, they were instead annihilated by the latter in such a short period of time?

These people from the Lu Clan shouldnt be so stupid. They clearly knew that Ling Han had Absolute Fairness, and also had a lot of information, yet they still charged forward.

It was also because of this that Jin Sanyin gave up the urge to attack.𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

There was definitely something off about the Ling Residence.

How could this be good?

The group of six from the Lu Clan had all been annihilated, and before this happened, he had met with them. Presumably, this matter could not be kept secret any longer, and the Lu Clan would definitely make trouble for him.

How could this be?

Jin Sanyin felt like he was about to go crazy. This was a result that he had never imagined would happen, and he was completely at a loss of what to do.

This night passed, and the corpses outside the Ling Residence naturally caused a commotion.

Even the Imperial Guards were mobilized, asking Ling Han to come out for an investigation.

Of course, with Ling Hans current strength and status, even the Imperial Guards were extremely polite, calling him Grandmaster.

Ling Han told the truth. He was indeed just defending himself.

After the Imperial Guards examined the corpses, they were shocked.

These six people were all Enlightenment Tier elites!

In the past, the Dark North Nation only had one elite of Enlightenment Tier, and that was their Holy Emperor. Now, though elites of Celestial Path appeared one after another, the Imperial Capital was still very peaceful. Six Enlightenment Tier elites had appeared in a single go, so it was naturally shocking.

What was even more astonishing was the fact that these six elites had actually been killed by Ling Han!

Hiss, just how strong was this young man?

When the news spread out, the whole Imperial Capital was stirred up.

All of a sudden, a debate arose again about who was stronger between Hong Tianbu and Ling Han.

Previously, the two of them had had a fair battle, and in the end, both of them had suffered heavy injuries, which could be considered a tie. Everyone thought that their talents were equal, and both could be considered supreme freakish freaks. But now that Ling Hans battle merits had been revealed, everyone naturally began to wonder, could Hong Tianbus freakish talent be as strong as this?

However, Hong Tianbu didnt respond, appearing to be disdainful.

Ling Han was completely unconcerned. He cultivated with all his might.

The heaven and earth changed drastically. With each passing day, the environment would change greatly, and the rate of cultivation was presently soaring.

At this time, the awesomeness of Brother Monkey Cultivation Technique was displayed.

He had also obtained a cultivation technique at the Imperial Capital Academy, and used it to compare with Brother Monkey Cultivation Technique.bender

Previously, the difference in cultivation speed between the two was about ten times, but now, it had widened to fifteen times.

Moreover, the richer the power of heaven and earth, the larger this gap would become.

As it turned out, a good cultivation technique had to be accompanied by a good environment. Otherwise, the might of the cultivation technique couldnt be fully displayed.

Right at this moment, an astonishing piece of news arrived.

The Nine Dragons Trial was about to begin!

At first, Ling Han did not take it to heart, but when he saw the message from Xuanyuan Dingguo, he was greatly intrigued.

According to the circulating information, this Nine Dragons Trial had existed in the civilization from the last generation, and it had been active all this while.

Anyone under the Celestial Path could enter, and then pass through the layers of selection, after which only one person would be able to emerge victorious, and obtain great benefits.

Just how great were the benefits?

In the previous generation of civilization, the Holy Sons and Holy Daughters of those great sects would deliberately suppress their cultivation level, and make a trip in before they advanced into Celestial Path, in order to seize the great fortune.

Ling Han immediately decided to go. He definitely had to go.

However, he was not the only one who had designs on the Nine Dragons Trial.

According to reliable sources, those older Imperial Princes had all moved out. It was said that the Demon Race Princess was also preparing to set out, and even more were the descendants of Celestial Path elites that had occupied various ancient sects and ancient mystery realms. There was no shortage of prodigies among them, and they could possibly appear in the Nine Dragons Trial.

The freaks of the world were all gathering together..