Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3453: Ill Take You There

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Ling Han found out more about the Nine Dragons Mystery Realm. Some of the information came from secret leaks from hidden clans, and some came from those forces in ancient sites.

After preparing for a day, he set out with the children.

He dug out the formation foundations of the large-scale version of Absolute Fairness. Now that this he had left, this formation would be useless even if it was set up here. Furthermore, it would be very easy for others to dig out the formation foundations and destroy them. After all, this formation only suppressed cultivation level.

In fact, if there was only one person, his abilities would not be affected in the slightest.

He knew that a great many people would definitely be interested in his manor. The moment he left, they would definitely come to check, so it was best to dig out the formation foundations.

Ling Han kept a very low profile, and quietly left the city.

He was sure that a great many people wanted his life now. In fact, Celestial Path Tier elites would also appear, and Chen Fengyans intimidation was only limited to the Imperial City.

To be more precise, this intimidation didnt come from Chen Fengyan, but from the formation spirit of the Azure Dragon Formation.

Since this formation was set up in the Imperial City, how could the Formation Spirit possibly leave?

Thus, Ling Han had to keep a low profile.

He buried his head in the journey, and occasionally had Sixth Baby bring the Essence Nurturing Gourd with her as she ran. The others all entered, further eliminating any traces of their journey.

After walking for four days, he had already arrived at his destination.

The Nine Dragons Trial Grounds seemed to have suddenly appeared overnight. Originally, this was a plain, then nine great mountains suddenly rose from the ground. Furthermore, there were city walls surrounding it, so one could only enter through the main doors.

Ling Han wasnt in a rush to enter. Who knew if someone was waiting for him at the door?Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

He had really guessed correctly. There were currently eight people standing guard at the entrance.

However, Ling Han had Sixth Baby go over to investigate, and only then did he know that this wasnt targeted at him.

He also walked over.

No one is allowed to enter! The person blocking the entrance was very arrogant, My Master has said that this great opportunity can only be obtained by Young Master, so no one is allowed to enter!

Something like that was possible?

Ling Han wore a strange expression. Which clan was this? They were truly arrogant.

Arent you going to scram? those people rebuked.

Some were dissatisfied, and stepped forwards, wanting to barge in forcefully. In the end, those that were blocking the doors moved at the same time, and instantly blasted that person into dust.

Ling Han was surprised, because there was no shortage of elites of Enlightenment Tier among these people blocking the doors. The weaker ones were Inscription Tiers. This lineup could be considered luxurious, but now, they were actually just used to block the doors?

Which hidden clan, or powerful force that suddenly appeared from the ancient sites was this?

Once this might was established, no one dared to barge in recklessly again.

Though the recovery of heaven and earth was sped up, the cultivation level of the younger generation of the Dark North Nation was only on the level of Blood Transformation and Extreme Bone Tier. Even the Four Great Generals and the others may not have advanced into Enlightenment Tier, so how would they be able to overcome the obstacle in front of them?

Everyone involuntarily took a few steps back. To them now, what lay behind this door was no longer an opportunity, but the true gates of hell.

Ling Han remained calm and collected as he roamed around, laying down formation foundations one after another.

His movements were very covert. He walked to a place, and pretended to look around. With a toss of his hand, the formation foundation was deeply stabbed into the ground, and did not attract anyones attention.

In order to decrease the possibility of being noticed, Ling Han even had the seven toddlers enter the Essence Nurturing Gourd.

He wasnt stabbing randomly. He channeled his Eye Technique and observed the terrain. Combined with heavens might, the formation foundations were all stabbed into nodes.

When the last formation foundation was inserted, Ling Han buried a large amount of jade seeds. Then, he slowly walked back, and headed towards those people that were blocking the entrance.

Coincidentally, a few more people came at this time.

There was a young man, and there were four middle-aged men following behind him. They looked to be his lackeys.

My Master has said that in this Nine Dragons Trial, my Young Master must get first place, so there is no need for you all to go in. The person blocking the entrance still used the same rhetoric as before.

How dare you, you even dare to stop me? The newly arrived young man flew into a thunderous rage, Do you guys know who I am?

Dont even think of entering. The side that was blocking the door did not give way in the slightest.

Those that had been blocked earlier were all interested now, and walked over to watch.

The newly arrived young man humphed, I am Liu Long! Do you know why this is called the Nine Dragons Mystery Realm? It is set up for me.0

Ling Han almost stumbled. This guy was really quite shameless; he could even say that?

What Liu Long? Get lost, get lost, or your only fate would be death. The person blocking the entrance waved his hand, his expression filled with disdain.

You, stand behind me. Liu Long caught up with Ling Han, and said, I am very happy today, and seeing that you still have the courage, I have decided to bring you in with me.

Ling Han pointed at himself, Me?

He only had to activate the strengthened Absolute Fairness, and he would be able to insta-kill these people at the entrance in an instant. Did he need anyone to bring him along?

This was a little interesting.

Surprised, right? There is no need to doubt. This young master is that fond of generously helping others, Liu Long said very narcissistically.

He really could not tell that.

Ling Han smiled, and said, Sure, then thank you.

Follow me, and Ill see who dares to stop me! Liu Long declared proudly.

Xiu, xiu, xiu! The four middle-aged men behind him immediately leaped out and stood in front, heading towards the main doors.

Youre seeking death! The person blocking the entrance sneered, Kill, kill without mercy!

Instantly, an intense battle broke out between the two sides.

The strength of Liu Longs side was really not weak. The four middle-aged men were all Enlightenment Tier elites, but they could not hold up to the fact that there were as many as six Enlightenment Tier elites on the other side. This was a battle of six against four, so the gap was very obvious.

Young Master, hurry up and leave! one of Liu Longs subordinates shouted. The four of them were held back by six Enlightenment Tier elites, and there were still two Inscription Tier elites on the opposing side that were closing in on Liu Long and Ling Han. The situation was extremely dangerous.

Liu Longs natural talent wasnt weak, but his cultivation level wasnt high. He was only at the Extreme Bone Tier, and he would definitely be defeated by those at the Inscription Tier.

F***! Liu Long spat out a curse word, and hurriedly broke into a run, as he said, Brother, next time, I will come and take you with me. Now hurry up and flee!

Still trying to flee? One of the two Inscription Tier elites went to intercept Liu Long, while the other stared coldly at Ling Han.

Youre not afraid? that person asked Ling Han.

Ling Han shrugged and said, Whats the use of being afraid?

Hehe, useless! The Inscription Tier elite shook his head, and said, If you dont listen obediently and insist on seeking death, who can save you?

He moved aggressively, grabbing out at Ling Han.

Ling Han clenched a fist and replied with a punch. What was there to be afraid of an Inscription Tier cultivator?

There was only one answer for itface him head-on!

Peng, the force of the two clashed, instantly creating a wave-like shockwave. Then, the Inscription Tier elite was sent flying into the air.

What?bender

Everyones eyes followed that person, their expressions filled with disbelief.

What was going on here?

Who would have thought that such a young man was actually a great elite, being able to defeat an elite of Inscription Tier with a single punch? Then, he would have to be at least at the peak stage of Inscription Tier.

Gasp!