Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3454: Young Dragon

Translator: Henyee Translations | Editor: Henyee Translations

If there was anyone who was the most shocked, it would definitely be Liu Long. Not only was he shocked, but his face was also flushed red.

Previously, he had spoken very casually, and told Ling Han to follow him. He would be able to easily bring Ling Han and barge in through the main doors.

But what was the result?

Because of his shock, he even stopped in his tracks. Thankfully, the other Inscription Tier also stopped in shock. Otherwise, he would definitely be in trouble.Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Old Yang! the other Inscription Tier elite called out. How are you doing? The first Inscription Tier cultivator barely managed to get back to his feet. This brats power is terrifyingly strong. Hes practically a freak!

Lets join forces to fight him!

The blood and Qi of the two Inscription Tier elites boiled at the same time, and they charged towards Ling Han.

Ling Han used Floating Wind and Clouds, looking for the pulse of attack from these two people. Very soon, he understood, and greeted them with his fists raised.

Frequency Attack was unleashed, and he faced the two of them head-on with every move.

After only a dozen over punches, the expressions of the two people on the other side changed drastically.

How could there be such a freakish opponent?

It was clear that his power was inferior to theirs, but after one punch, he threw another, like a furious wave.

So be it if that was all. More importantly, the rhythm of every punch was too strange. It was as if it could amplify the previous punch, forcibly diminishing the power that they had shot out.

No, it was not as simple as just disintegrating. In fact, there was even power counterattacking, causing their chests to boil, and they felt incredibly terrible. How could there be such a monster?

Retreat! The two of them exchanged a look, then stepped back one after another. It was fine even if they couldnt handle it; werent there still six Enlightenment Tier elites?

Ling Han was very strong, but the Inscription Tier was definitely the limit. It was definitely impossible for him to break through the line of Enlightenment Tier.

Yi? On the side of the barricade, an elite of Enlightenment Tier left the battle and walked towards Ling Han, How dare you, to actually dare to get involved in this mess?

Ling Han chuckled upon hearing this. Regardless of whether there was a Liu

Long or not, he would still make his move. It was just a matter of time.

So what?

Ill kill an arrogant brat like you! The elite of Enlightenment Tier moved directly, grabbing out at Ling Han.

That was how domineering he was!

With a thought from Ling Han, the formation was immediately activated.

Instantly, a change appeared in the cultivation level of the majority, as they were suppressed to Extreme Bone Tier.

In other words, the person with the weakest cultivation level here was also Extreme Bone Tier.

Ling Han replied with a punch. Peng, the iron fist swept past, and that Enlightenment Tier elite was directly sent flying.

Whats going on? Why has my cultivation level suddenly been suppressed to Extreme Bone Tier?

Heavens, what is going on here?

Everyone was exclaiming in shock. For cultivators, cultivation level was their foundation, but all of a sudden, they had been weakened from Inscription Tier, and even Enlightenment Tier all the way to Extreme Bone Tier, so how could they not panic?

Dont worry, this should be some kind of formation, not that our cultivation level has really been weakened, someone managed to see through to the truth.

Everyone calmed down, but when they saw that Enlightenment Tier elite being sent flying, they all looked shocked.

Why hadnt Ling Hans cultivation level been suppressed? Why was he still so powerful?

Could it be?

A terrifying thought rose up in all of them. Could it be that Ling Han was an Extreme Bone Tier elite in the first place, so his battle prowess was completely unaffected?

Since Ling Han had made a move, how could he possibly be merciful? Peng, peng, peng! One after another, figures turned into scarecrows that danced in the air. Those Enlightenment Tier elites blocking the entrance, and Inscription Tier elites were all mercilessly killed by him.

Whoever wanted to kill him, he would kill them. There was nothing more to say.

Everyone looked at him with reverence. It didnt matter whether it was an

Inscription Tier elite or an Enlightenment Tier elite.

At present, Ling Han was the strongest here. He had complete strength to kill whomever he wanted.

Ling Hans cold eyes swept over them, and he smiled faintly, I have always distinguished between kindness and hatred. As long as they do not trifle with me, there naturally is peace.

Well said! Liu Long clapped his hands loudly, Brother, let us be friends. Your temper is really too much to my liking.

Ling Han glanced at him, and recalled that though this guy had been arrogant previously, he could still be considered a little loyal. Thus, he nodded, and said, My name is Ling Han.

Yi, so you are Ling Han? Liu Long exclaimed in shock, clapped his hands, and said, No wonder. I was just wondering where such a fierce person had popped out from. As it turned out, you are Ling Han. No wonder you are so fierce!

Ling Han merely smiled. He walked around, and retrieved the formation foundations. Then, he walked towards the main doors.

Young Master, do you want to? A subordinate approached, making a severing motion with his hand.

Now that Ling Han had removed the formation, no matter how strong his battle prowess was, it could not hold up to the fact that his cultivation level was only Extreme Bone Tier, and definitely could not match Enlightenment Tier.

Want your sister! Liu Long glared at him, That is my friend. Didnt you hear what I said just now?

Yes, yes. That subordinate had bootlicked wrongly, and was not the slightest

bit angered even after being scolded.

Come, lets follow. With a wave of his hand, he brought his subordinates through the doors as well.

Behind the great doors were nine mountains, all of which towered into the clouds. The summit could not be seen, and even if he used an eye technique, it was not possible.bender

Which one should he go to?

Ling Han pondered for a moment before walking toward the central mountain. Logically speaking, nine was the largest number in the heaven and earth. However, how was the ninth number counted? From left to right, or from right to left?

Hence, it would be better to take another meaning, and that was to choose five out of nine, which meant that he was the ruler.

To be honest, even Ling Han couldnt be bothered to pick. The fifth mountain peak was closest to him, so hed just go to the fifth.

Ahead of them was a vast plain, covered with grass that did not even reach the height of the instep of their feet. There was not the slightest bit of colour to be seen.

This place was unusually quiet. Probably because the doors had been blocked for too long, there was naturally no one here.

Ling Han released the seven Calabash Brothers, and soon arrived at the foot of the fifth mountain.

He strode forward, stepping onto the mountain path.

Since you have chosen this peak, it cannot be changed.

A voice suddenly rang out in Ling Hans mind. It was incredibly resonating, as if the heaven and earth were reciting a law decree.

Yi, what the hell?

The first person to reach the summit is the representative of this summit. Nine nines return to one, and this is the young dragon of this generation, this voice continued.

Young dragon? Wasnt it the Nine Dragons Trial?

The one chosen was actually just a young dragon?

Ling Han found this a little hard to believe. This True Dragon had become a young dragon; the disparity was a little too wide.

With these thoughts in mind, he still resolutely walked up the mountain. Since it was already said that this could not be changed, he could only walk all the way up this mountain.

Yi, this looks like a magnetite mountain, Second Baby said after activating her eye technique and observing for a while.

What magnetite mountain? Ling Han asked casually.

Magnetite is one of the ingredients used to create formation foundations. Moreover, its said that when a mother becomes pregnant, and she hugs magnetite all day long, when she gives birth, its possible to form a natural Divine Physique like Magnetite Physique, Eldest Baby immediately said. However, the Magnetite Physique is too difficult to form. Even if there were too million people embracing magnetite all day, perhaps not even a single Magnetite Physique would be created, Seventh Baby said. She actually hadnt slept at all. This was really a miracle.

A thought flashed in Ling Hans head. Should he dig out some magnetite and take it home? It seemed to be quite valuable.