Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3455: Jin Junsheng

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Ling Han really had to dig, but the mountain rocks were incredibly hard. In this place, he was not much different from an ordinary person.

Sigh, he could only leave.

As he walked, this mountain seemed to have no end. No matter how high Ling Han ascended, looking upwards, it was still surrounded by clouds and mist.bender

After walking for a long time, a road sign appeared in front of them. On it was written: Clear Heaven Tree.

What the hell was this?

Ling Han and the babies continued forward, and soon discovered that an incredibly tall tree had appeared ahead of them. It was indescribably thick, and there was a hole in the tree trunk that was large enough for even the sturdiest of men to easily walk through.

Should we enter from here? Ling Han stroked his chin and asked, because aside from this cave, there was no other way to go.

Wu, what kind of tree is this? Its so tall! Second Baby raised her head so high that even her neck was sore.

Strange, its not some Divine Tree, so why can it grow so tall? Sixth Baby said.

Hu! Hu! Seventh Baby fell asleep without any prior signs.

Ling Han picked up Seventh Baby and was just about to enter the cave, when he suddenly saw someone leap over from behind him. Xiu, xiu, xiu, and it wasnt just one.

This was a place of trial, so it was very normal for people to come. However, Ling Han was worried that his halo of aggression would take effect, and draw more aggression to him.

Though he was unafraid of battle, it was actually quite boring to keep fighting with others for no reason.

Hmm?

Ling Han was surprised, because he saw someone he knew.

Jin Sanyin.

Hes already so old, yet hes still here to do the trial?Checkk new 𝒏ovel ch𝒂pters at nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Though there was no set age for entry here, and anyone below Celestial Path Tier could enter, but for an old man that was close to a hundred years old, or had already passed a hundred years old, to enter, and compete with young people, wasnt he embarrassed?

Moreover, if the representative chosen for the trial was actually so old, just thinking about it, he did not match the significance of this trial.

Ling Han! Jin Sanyin naturally discovered Ling Hans presence, and his eyes involuntarily sharpened.

This group of people stopped one after another, but what surprised Ling Han was that the one in the lead was actually a young man that looked to be less than thirty years old. Though Jin Sanyin was standing side by side with him, there was a vague hint of respect for this person in his actions.

The young man looked towards Ling Han, and smiled slightly, So you are Ling

Han. I have heard of your name many times.

Ling Han also smiled faintly, but did not reply.

The young mans expression involuntarily darkened after being rebuffed, and he said, I had the intention to take you in as a follower. Looks like if I dont temper your pride first, you obviously wont submit.

Junsheng, he killed Shaohuang and Shaojian, how can we let him off so lightly! Jin Sanyin hurriedly said.

The young mans name was Jin Junsheng, and he was the number one prodigy of the Jin Clan. Moreover, his luck was heaven-defying. Not long ago, during the drastic change in heaven and earth, he had obtained a great opportunity. Not only had his cultivation level improved greatly, but he had even cultivated a Mystical Power.

Thus, his status as heir had been confirmed by the Jin Clan. His status was transcendent, and even Jin Sanyin had to bow down to him.

He looked at Jin Sanyin with displeasure, and said, Ninth Master Jin, killing is only a simple matter. However, isnt it a better method to make an enemy submit to the might of the Jin Clan and have him serve the Jin Clan? Yes, Junsheng, youre right. Jin Sanyin lowered his head. His ranking in the clan hierarchy was inferior to Jin Sanyin, and his strength was also inferior. Thus, he naturally couldnt refuse him.

Jin Junsheng looked once more at Ling Han, and said, You have two choices. Kneel down and submit, or I can beat you into submission, and you can then become my subject.

He was extremely arrogant. Ling Han was only at the Extreme Bone Tier, while he was at the Enlightenment Tier. Moreover, he had also cultivated a Mystical Power, and the gulf between their battle prowess was like the gulf between heaven and earth.

Ling Hans expression was calm. He was naturally unafraid of Jin Junsheng. When Absolute Fairness activated, defeating the latter would only be a matter of a few moves. The problem was, there were so many members of the Jin Clan, so would ten minutes be enough?

They knew that he had Absolute Fairness, so how could it be that they would foolishly allow him to do as he liked?

What is it? You still want to use Absolute Fairness to turn the tables around? Jin Junsheng wagged a finger, To say nothing of the fact that with my speed, there is absolutely no way you can pull me into the formation. Even if you could, with my battle prowess, torturing you would still be like torturing a dog.

Ling Han couldnt help but laugh. In the same cultivation level, who could oppress him?

Then, should we try it out in a battle of equal cultivation levels? he asked.

Jin Junsheng said haughtily, It is your own fault that your cultivation speed is slow, so why should I accommodate you? Enough with the nonsense. My patience is limited, and time is even more precious. I have no time to waste on you. Hurry up and make your decision.

Ling Han rolled up his sleeves, Since you are so sincere in asking for a beating,

I will oblige you!

Stubborn! Jin Junsheng smirked coldly, and casually shot out a punch, which smashed towards Ling Han.

Ling Han was just about to dodge, when he discovered that his body had suddenly frozen in place. Only Spiritual Power was still actively channeling.

What was going on here?

A screen of light suddenly appeared in front of him, and there were words written on it.

Someone challenged you to a battle. Because his cultivation level is higher than yours, you can choose to suppress your opponents cultivation level. The smaller the suppression, the more bountiful the rewards you will receive. Ling Han was surprised. There was such a thing?

This was a magnetite mountain, and magnetite was one of the materials used to create formation foundations.

Hiss, could it be that this whole mountain was a giant formation, and now the formation spirit was communicating with him?

You still have ten seconds to consider. If you have not made your choice by then, it will be randomly chosen for you Another line of words appeared on the light screen.

Ling Han was certain that though this light screen was seen with his eyes, it was actually directly in his mind. Thus, even though it looked like a very long time had passed, the surrounding environment was still frozen, and the passage of time was extraordinarily slow.

No, it should not be said that the flow of time in the surroundings had slowed, but rather that his consciousness was presently channelling at an extremely high speed.

Nine, eight, seven The light screen was presently counting down.

Ling Han thought for a moment, then said with his divine sense, Then press it down to the first level of Inscription Tier.

With this thought, the scene of him stopping immediately returned to normal. Ling Han watched as Jin Junshengs expression changed drastically. Clearly, the other had also received a notification that his cultivation level had been suppressed.

However, Jin Junsheng immediately regained his confident expression. Even if he had been weakened to the level of Inscription Tier, he was still one major tier higher than Ling Han. Moreover, he had also mastered a Mystical Power.

A mere ant could be crushed with a single finger.

He humphed, raised his right hand, and pressed it down on Ling Han. Ling Han raised his fist and threw a punch. Peng, both sides exchanged a blow. Teng, teng, teng! The two of them stepped back at the same time.

Ling Han was astonished. He had actually failed to gain the upper hand in this exchange?

No wonder this guy was incredibly arrogant. As it turned out, he really did have some strength.

Meanwhile, Jin Junsheng was stunned. With the advantage of a major tier in cultivation level, he was actually unable to suppress Ling Han?

How was this possible?

This was unacceptable to him, and he also felt humiliated and furious that his confidence had been shattered.. Previously, he had been so full of confidence, and made such an exaggerated boast, but what was the result?