Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3456: Completely Crushed

Translator: Henyee Translations , Editor: Henyee Translations

You actually dare to look down on me! Jin Junsheng roared in rage.

Ling Han was surprised. Looking down on him? Oh, he understood now That was because he had chosen to decrease his opponents cultivation level to One Inscription, and not the Extreme Bone Tier, or Second Extreme which was completely his equal.

Hence, Jin Junsheng thought that he had underestimated him.

Ling Han smiled, and said, Hehe, do you think you can still take a punch from me if I really think highly of you?

Jin Junshengs furious expression immediately crumbled, revealing his embarrassment and anger.

Indeed, he had the advantage of a major tier in cultivation level, and still did not have the upper hand against Ling Han. If their cultivation levels were completely the same, would he be able to withstand a single punch from Ling Han?Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â Â  &

And to think that he had been so conceited, but what was the result?

Damn guy! he cursed lowly, his eyes filled with viciousness.

He wanted to kill, kill Ling Han!

Previously, he had been high and mighty, and thought that Ling Hans reputation was baseless. The so-called title of prodigy was merely exaggerated, and wouldnt subduing this kind of person as a subordinate show how incredibly great he was?

In any case, he did not have any deep feelings for Jin Shaohuang and Jin Shaojian. On the other hand, they had even fought fiercely before for the sake of cultivation resources. Thus, it was fine even if these two people died. He was completely unconcerned.

But now, he had been ruthlessly humiliated, so it was naturally impossible for im to maintain that lofty mentality any longer. He only had one thought in mind, and that was to kill and vent his anger.

Ling Han shook his head, Who should die, you?

When I kill you with my own hands, the ground will be covered with blood Jin Junsheng said coldly.

Ling Han shrugged, and said, You speak quite well, but your abilities are too poor.

Die! Jin Junsheng roared in fury, and charged over. At the first instant, his blood and Qi boiled, and he seemed to have turned into a demonic cloud.

He roared loudly, his voice shaking like thunder.

Ling Han merely smiled, and greeted the incoming attack with a fist.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

The two of them engaged in an intense exchange of blows. In terms of power it was definitely Jin Junsheng that was stronger, but after fighting a few times Ling Han had also grasped the rhythm of his attacks. Frequency Attack was used, and he did not even need to boil his blood and Qi to be able to fight him to a tie.

However, he had to deliver forty to fifty punches at a time, and this was really too exhausting on Ling Hans mystical power. He definitely would not be able to maintain this state forever.

However, there was a limited time for his blood and Qi to boil, and Jin

Junsheng would soon exit this state as well.

You are really freakish! Jin Junsheng said through gritted teeth. His blood and Qi was boiling, yet he was still unable to suppress Ling Han. This forced him to admit that the latter was freakish, and was something that he could not hope to reach.

I will kill you, and snatch all your secrets. Everything that belongs to you will be mine!

Ling Han couldnt help but laugh in spite of himself, You really like to dream. With such limited abilities, you still think so much? Forget it, Ill just send you on your way!

YOU dare to look down on me? Jin Junsheng roared in fury. He had finally used his ultimate move.

Hong, a mist of blood surged out of his body, then turned into the form of a panther. Instantly, his aura increased greatly, and there was also a bloodthirsty emotion added to it. It could infect others, and cause them to become crazy. Xiu, Jin Junsheng charged out again, his speed suddenly soaring.

So fast!

In a flash, he had already charged right in front of Ling Han. His palm swept out, ripping out like a sharp claw.

Ling Han used Floating Winds and Clouds, dodging this attack. However the speed of Jin Junsheng was really fast now. Ling Han barely managed to dodge this attack.Checkk new ğ’ovel chğ’‚pters at novğ’†lbin(.)com

A Mystical Power of the lowest level, Second Baby evaluated.bender

However, being able to possess a Mystical Power below Celestial Path, this is extremely rare. He is able to crush 99% of his peers. Fifth Baby nodded in agreement.

Unfortunately, the person he encountered was Father! Third Baby said proudly.

Ling Han humphed as he unleashed his murderous aura. This attack almost ignored the distance between them, and Jin Junsheng instantly faltered upon emg hit. Ling Han seized this opportunity to charge over, unleashing his Demonic Monkey Fists. As he threw a punch, an ancient Demonic Monkey appeared before him, baring its teeth in a vicious display.

Peng!

It was only a single punch, and Jin Junsheng was sent flying.

However, after activating the Mystical Power, not only did Jin Junshengs speed increase explosively, even his ability to withstand blows had also increased greatly. This punch actually only caused minor injury to him. With a furious roar, he had already charged back.

Xiu, xiu, xiu! He leaped like a drifting shadow, not giving Ling Han the chance to catch hold of him. Otherwise, if another murderous aura surged over he would still be hit.

Ling Han shook his head. His Spiritual Powercould enshroud an area of 15 meters in diameter. As long as Jin Junsheng rushed into this area, he would definitely be able to detect him. How was he supposed to dodge?

He was really deceiving himself.

Blood Leopard Approach! Jin Junsheng shouted loudly, and when he delivered a claw attack again, his hands had already become completely crimson A streak of blood shot out, and like a scythe of death, slashed out at Ling Han.

Ling Han also roared loudly, and fearlessly charged forwards, using the Demonic Monkey Fist to take the attack head-on.

Peng, peng, peng! He used Frequency Attack to shatter the blood light, which

was immediately followed by a barrage of murderous aura.

This was something that he had cultivated when he had reached Seventh Change. So what if he was in the Enlightenment Tier? He would still be affected.

Jin Junsheng faltered for a moment. However, his cultivation level was higher, after all. Furthermore, after channelling the Mystical Power, he had also developed a certain immunity against the barrage of murderous aura. In just one tenth of a second, he had already recovered.

But at this moment, Ling Hans fist also shot over.

Jin Junsheng hurriedly parried the attack. Peng! He was instantly sent flying again.Â Â Â  7 6

You have completely enraged me! Jin Junsheng roared in fury. He drew out a long saber out of thin air, and gripped it with both hands. The saber immediately glowed, becoming incredibly dazzling. Then, he slashed out at Ling Han.

A Spirit Tool!

Ling Han humphed lightly. Do you think youre the only one with a Spirit Tool?Â Â Â Â  F

His right hand shook, and a hammer appeared as well. After injecting mystical power into it, the veined patterns on the hammer lit up, and as he struck empty air with the hammer, zi, a blazing white lightning shot towards Jin Junsheng.

This was not real lightning, but its speed was also astonishingly fast. With a pa, it had struck the blade of the saber.

Pa! Jin Junsheng was once again sent flying, crashing heavily onto the ground

A strong charred smell wafted from his body.

His expression was ashen, filled with disbelief and shock.

He couldnt defeat Ling Han even if he unleashed his blood and Qi. He couldnt defeat Ling Han even if he used his Mystical Power, and he couldnt defeat Ling Han even if he summoned his Spirit Tool.

He was beginning to doubt life itself. How could there be anyone that was strong to this extent, that even with the advantage of a major tier in cultivation level, he was still strong enough to drive him to such despair?

Attack together! Jin Sanyin roared. He hurriedly charged over with the remaining members of the Jin Clan.

Jin Junsheng was the future hope of the Jin Clan. They definitely could not allow him to die here.

Six people have joined the battle, and are attacking you. Time was once again frozen. Ling Han once again saw that screen of light in his mind. Characters appeared, but it also seemed to be some kind of pulsation that surpassed words and language, so he could understand the meaning of its description.

You can choose to isolate these six people, or you can choose to have a few people join the battle, because the cultivation levels of these six people are all higher than yours. You can also choose to suppress their cultivation levels. The more people that join, the smaller the suppression on cultivation level and the more rewards youll receive after winning..