Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00


3459 Maniac, Madman, Beauty

When Ling Han leaped into the ice lake, a figure walked out of the tree hollow, sweeping an ice-cold gaze over everyone.

It was as if this person's gaze was tangible. With a single glance from him, anyone would feel as if their blood had frozen over, as if they did not even know how to walk anymore. Furthermore, the skin all over their bodies would feel waves of pain.

The people in the surroundings suddenly turned around, looking towards that person.

This was a young man of twenty-three or twenty-four years old. He was dressed in white, spotless, and filled with an air of elegance.

"Yo, where did this pretty boy come from? He's quite handsome, isn't he?" Someone immediately teased. This was a perverted middle-aged man who had an abnormal sexual orientation in some aspects. He stared at the face of this white-robed young man, revealing an expression that would cause disgust.

"F***, shut the f****** up, this guy is Tong Miao!" Someone recognized the identity of the white-robed young man, and immediately shouted at the vulgar middle-aged man.

"He's just a pretty boy, so what's there to make a fuss about?" The vulgar middle-aged man didn't take it to heart at all.

At this time, Tong Miao also walked towards him.

"Pretty boy, what do you want to do? Are you displeased? Hehe, be careful that I'll f*ck you to the point of leaking air?" the vulgar middle-aged man said with a smile, not having any reservations at all.

"Maniac, are you seeking death!" The people on the sidelines hurriedly stepped aside.

At this moment, the vulgar middle-aged man finally realized that he might have offended an extremely powerful being. However, he still didn't take it to heart, because he was an Enlightenment Tier elite. In the prison, he was nothing, but outside, he was already a very powerful being.

The pretty boy looked to be only twenty-three or twenty-four years old, so how could he be stronger than him?

Shua, a flash of sword light swept past.

The vulgar middle-aged man revealed a stunned expression, but in the next instant, his whole person was split into two halves, sliding left and right, blood flowing all over the ground.

Hiss, he died just like that?

The people in the surroundings were all shocked. No one had managed to catch how Tong Miao had delivered this strike, but the perverted man had died, and that man was an Enlightenment Tier elite. Previously, he had harrassed a great many people, yet was still alive and kicking, so his abilities could be imagined.

Who exactly was this Tong Miao? He was too powerful, wasn't he?

"He's the third son of the Heaven Crushing Sect's sect master!" Someone revealed Tong Miao's background.

"Hiss, Heaven Crushing Sect!" quite a few people exclaimed in shock.

"That is a maniac sect, filled with bloodthirsty freaks."

"Shh, keep your voice down."

Tong Miao sheathed his sword. However, he had just sheathed it, when he retrieved it again. He stared at the blade, only to see a drop of blood on it.

"Filthy blood!" he said in a low voice. When he raised his head again, his eyes had already become blood-red, exuding a powerful killing intent.

Xiu, he charged out, and with a sweep of his sword, pu, a person's head was forcefully severed. Follow current novels on (no -vel.ne x/t. c_om_

The sword was light and agile. Originally, it was not suitable to use a slash, but it could not hold up to the fact that this sword was too sharp, and Tong Miao's power was too strong. With a slash of the sword, his head was seen flying, and then blood spurted out.

He did not even spare a second glance. His figure moved, and began a massacre. One after another, heads flew, and there was actually no one that could withstand a single blow.

Everyone resisted for a while, but even with so many people joining forces, it was still useless. They were still killed one by one with a single strike of his sword, slaughtered to his heart's content. Thus, everyone's fighting spirit soon crumbled, and they fled in disarray. Yet Tong Miao only knew to start a massacre. He did not care at all whether others had trifled with him or not, and merely brandished his sword to kill. As blood splattered everywhere, his white robes gradually became dyed red, but he was completely unconcerned. There was even a hint of a smile at the corners of his lips, which was incredibly terrifying.

He was truly a freak, a maniac, and a demon.

In just over a dozen minutes, he had practically massacred all the people here.

Because there was no path ahead, they could only retreat back into the tree hollow, which led to there only being a few survivors of this great massacre.

There was only one person left here. Tong Miao stood alone, sword in hand. His eyes were closed, and he was breathing deeply in the air that was filled with blood. There was an expression of enjoyment on his face, as if he had become addicted.

Pa, pa, pa! There was the sound of light footsteps.

Tong Miao immediately opened his eyes, and looked towards the entrance of the tree hollow. His killing intent blazed, his emotions extremely fanatical.

Very quickly, a figure walked out. He had a lanky build, and a handsome face. It was as if there was a kind of brilliance about him, that people actually did not dare to look directly at him.

Tong Miao's eyes involuntarily narrowed, and his grip on the sword tightened.

The handsome man swept an eye over them, and couldn't help but cluck his tongue and sigh, "So tragic?"

Tong Miao directly charged over. Shua, with a sweep of his sword, it was as if even the heaven and earth would be sliced in half by his sword.

Yet the handsome man was completely unafraid. With a shake of his right hand, a spear appeared. Qiang, it parried the sword.

A wave of power rippled out, and the two of them shook at the same time, looking surprised.

Neither of them had received a warning in their minds, which meant that the other's cultivation level should not be inferior to theirs.

"Who are you, to actually be able to block a sword strike from me?" Tong Miao asked.

The handsome man laughed, "Only if you can block another ten strikes from me would you be qualified to know my name."

Tong Miao humphed, and charged over again, brandishing his sword.

Ding, ding, ding! The two of them endlessly clashed with their sword and spear, and in an instant, they had exchanged over a dozen blows.

"Hahaha, I'm Dong Qi," the handsome man finally said his name.

Tong Miao stuck out his tongue to lick the blade of his sword, and said, "So you are Madman Tong Qi. Haha, you will be the seventh person to die by my sword, and the seventh person to have your name remembered by me."

"Shameless boasting!" Dong Qi stabbed with his spear.

The two of them battled fiercely again, both unleashing their full strength.

Fight, fight, fight. The battle between the two of them was incredibly intense. Because only one person could emerge victorious from a single peak, there would eventually be a battle between such powerful beings like them, so it would be better to get rid of their competitors now.

But all of a sudden, the two of them stopped at the same time, separated by about thirty meters. Then, they both looked towards the direction of the tree hollow.

In a short while, a slender figure walked out of the tree hollow.bender

This was a young woman, with a slender yet hot figure. She had a slender waist, and her long legs could reach the waist of an ordinary person.

Her looks did not disappoint such a good figure either. Her features were exquisite, and she also had a pair of purple eyes, lively and captivating.

This woman glanced at Dong Qi and Tong Miao, and smiled beautifully, "The two of you are really fight-thirsty. You are already getting along so well here."

"Xin Ruyue!" Dong Qi's eyes narrowed.

"Huh? Who would've thought that someone would recognize me?" the woman said in surprise.

Dong Qi chuckled, "Who doesn't know that Celestial Maiden Xin is the disciple of Lord Primordial? Lord Primordial is the supreme elite of the prison, but he is temporarily unable to leave."

Xin Ruyue pursed her lips into a smile, "Then could you two please let me have this peak, and go to another peak?"

"Apologies, that cannot be done!" Tong Miao immediately declared coldly.

Meanwhile, Dong Qi said with a smile, "Fairy Xinis really a joker. In this Young Dragon Trial, we can only choose a peak once, or else wewould have to wait for the next time, but who knows how many or even hundreds of years later it would be."

"Having already lost your life, what opportunity is there left to talk about?" Xin Ruyue shook her head, a silver whip already falling from each of her hands.

Another battle ensued.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com