Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3460: Corpse land

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Ling Han didnt know that three prodigious youngsters were already engaged in a fierce battle on the banks of the lake. He observed the passage with great interest.

There was definitely an astonishing formation here, and he was presently very interested in formations, and wanted to study them.

If he directly broke through the formation, would he take all the benefits?

Ling Han thought greedily.

There was nothing else that could be done. Look at the prodigies of the present generation, Hong Tianbu, Enlightenment Tier, the Demon Race princess, Mystery Realm Tier, and among the younger generation that came from the various mystery realms, they were Enlightenment Tier, at the very least.

In comparison, he was only a Third Extreme, which was far too inferior.

No matter how freakish he was, and no matter how much he could battle above his cultivation level, there was no way he could surpass so many cultivation

levels.

He was not in a rush either. Though this was a competition for the first person to reach the summit, after the trial grounds had opened, it would allow people to endlessly enter. If one reached first, wouldnt that be very unfair to those who came later?

Hence, if one wanted to reach the summit, it would not be so easy.

The tunnel at the bottom of the lake was very long, and he could even see tree roots poking in. He had to be very careful when walking, or he would crash into them.bender

There were actually sharp spikes growing on the tree roots. This was poisonous. Though it was not fatal, if one came into contact with it, it was very easy to pierce through the skin, which was incredibly painful. Furthermore, it would cause ones body to go weak, and his power to drop greatly.

Ling Han had only suffered once. Thankfully, he channelled the Brother Monkey Cultivation Technique. After only a while, he had suppressed the poison. A day had passed, and most of the poison had been removed.

Throughout this day, he had also seen some results.

ThereS a hidden passage here. Ling Han discovered a hidden entrance in the passage through his exploration of formations, and added with the observation of his eye technique, there was another long passage behind the entrance.

He thought for a moment, then walked in, and then hid the entrance.

Would this lead directly to the summit?

Ling Han thought, as he continued to advance. His speed was not very fast. He had already suffered once, and did not want to experience it again.

The passage was very long, but ultimately, there was an end to it. After walking for over an hour, it suddenly became clear ahead of them, revealing a massive plaza. However, it was pitch-black above their heads, so they should still be inside the mountain.

It was completely dark here, but Ling Han possessed an eye technique. After he activated it, he could still see things within thirty meters of him. It couldnt be said that he could see everything fully, but it wasnt difficult for him to see. in this place, Second Babys vision was also greatly restricted, but it could still reach a distance of sixty meters, which was still considerably stronger than

Ling Han.

This plaza was very big, and was completely empty, causing Ling Han to be greatly disappointed.

Yi? Second Baby raised her head, as if she had discovered something. However, Ling Han couldnt see anything. After walking for a while, he finally discovered that there was a massive stone statue before him.

This stone statue was extremely tall, and it was at least 300 meters tall. Although Ling Han couldnt see the top, he couldnt see the stone statues knees at the end of the 30 meter radius. Going by this deduction, this stone statue was at least 300 meters tall.

in this kind of Mystery Realm, a secret passage was opened, a massive plaza was built, and it was just for the sake of a statue?

Ling Han circled around the stone statue, but didnt find any offerings. He was extremely disappointed.

Forget it, lets just continue forwards.

They passed the stone statue and arrived at the end of the plaza. The terrain ahead of them suddenly changed.

Previously, the plaza was paved with an unknown stone, as smooth as white jade, and had a transparent texture, but further ahead, it was a field of grass, all yellow grass.

Logically speaking, there was not the slightest bit of light here, so it was impossible for plants to be growing here. Then, it was possible that these withered grass had existed since a very long time ago. However, even after so many years, they had not rotted, but there was something strange about it.

Ling Han stepped onto it, and instantly felt that the ground beneath his feet was soft.

There was mud underneath, so it collapsed with a single stomp. Furthermore, the surface of the ground had shattered, and there was even a pungent stench wafting out.

Wu! The seven babies covered their noses at the same time.

Father, it stinks. Lets go back.

Smelly, Im about to be suffocated.

Disgusting!

Ling Han also felt extremely disgusted, but his curiosity had already been aroused, so how could he possibly give up just like that?

He thought for a moment, then said, You guys wait here, Ill go take a look. Though the Calabash Brothers were a little reluctant, they were even less able to match this stench. After exchanging a look, they nodded respectively. Ling Han took out a piece of cloth to cover his nose, then slowly walked forwards, step by step.

He didnt dare to channel his movement technique. Otherwise, if he sped up, the soundwaves created would shake this place to a complete mess. At that time, it was really possible that he would die from the stench.

Even so, the stench was still unbearable. Even with the cloth covering his face, the smell still managed to worm its way in.

After walking for a while, Ling Han suddenly realized that he seemed to have stepped on something hard.

He lowered his head and activated his Eye Technique. He couldnt help but feel shocked.

What he was stepping on was actually a skull!

Gasp!

A thought flashed in Ling Hans head, and he looked towards the dirt again. A shocked expression involuntarily appeared on his face.

This was blood clay!

He continued forward, and very soon, he had stepped on another bone. This time, it was a femur.

Further ahead, there were even more bones.

The first few were still complete, but it was a different story after that. A great many of them had shattered, and damaged corpses could be seen. There were astonishingly many of them. Going by the density, just the area that Ling Han had explored, there were at least a few hundred of them.

Had a great massacre happened here before? Blood flowed like a river, turning this grassland into a land of blood clay.

Ling Han stopped in his tracks. Was he still going to continue forward? There were only corpses here, so what was so interesting about it? With this in mind, Ling Han decided to walk to the end. What exactly was the situation here?Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

He walked for a while, and shockingly discovered that the ground was actually slowly drying up.

Looking again at this moment, he could see multiple corpses laid out on the ground. They were not like the previous corpses that had all rotted into bones. The corpses here seemed to have died not too long ago, and the clothes they were wearing had not rotted either.

Ling Han crouched down to take a look. There were obvious wounds on these corpses, and they had all suffered fatal wounds to their vital points. Some had had their hearts pierced, while others had their necks severed. A great many of the corpses had broken arms and legs, which showed how tragic the battle had been.

Judging from the attire, there was a very obvious difference from the style of the Dark North Nation. They were all dressed in simple and unadorned tight-fitting outfits or battle suits, or in long robes or dao robes.

A thought flashed in Ling Hans head. Were these cultivators from the last generation?

At that time, the previous generations civilization had suddenly disappeared, and Jin Sanyin said that a great calamity had happened, leading to the collapse of the previous generations civilization overnight.

However, Ling Han had been to some ancient sites, and it was clear that they had not experienced any great massacre. By the looks of it, they should have left on their own accord, which was different from Jin Sanyins theory.

From the look of things now, both were correct.

The last generation of civilization had indeed suffered a great massacre, but there was still a portion of survivors that managed to escape from the Celestial

Sea Planet..