Sweat, Strength, Success
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3461: Giant Spider

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Ling Han continued to walk forwards. Since he had already come this far, he naturally could not give up halfway.

He wanted to know who was the culprit who had massacred the civilization of the last generation.

Furthermore, what the hell was going on with the Celestial Path elites that had popped out from one Mystery Realm after another? Were they survivors of the other part of the previous generation’s civilization?

He was a curious person.

The further they walked, the “fresher” the corpses became. Blood could still be seen flowing from them.

If these were victims of the previous generation of civilization, then at least two thousand years had passed, so why was the blood still not completely drained?

Supreme elites?

Ling Han tried to approach, yet his expression immediately changed drastically.

Bursts of stinging pain shot through his skin, as if he had been cut by a saber. In fact, even breathing was difficult for him, suppressing him to the point of discomfort.

If he took another step further, he might explode.

Hiss, these people were already dead, so how could they still have such terrifying might?

What heights had these people reached when they had been alive?

Yi?

He saw a corpse. It was clearly in human form, yet had a furry face. Its mouth was sharp, and its cheeks were like an ape’s. It really looked like a monkey.

Monkeyman?

He thought of Brother Monkey, and an inconceivable idea suddenly popped up in his mind.

—Could it be that Brother Monkey was also an existence from the last generation of civilization?

Previously, when he had first arrived at Celestial Sea Planet, the lifespan of humans was only over a hundred years. Even if they had successfully cultivated, their lifespan would not be more than a thousand years. Thus, he had completely not associated Brother Monkey with the civilization of the last generation.

But now that he thought about it, Brother Monkey could be suppressed by the great mountain and not die. What kind of strength was that?

Could a Mystery Realm Tier do it?

It should not be possible. It had to be an elite above Celestial Path.

That Brother Monkey had come from the last generation of civilization, so it should be possible.

Moreover, now that a great many elites had appeared in various Mystery Realms, and they seemed to be inextricably linked with the previous generation of civilization, which further proved this fact.

Thinking of Brother Monkey, Ling Han couldn’t help but be moved. He took out a piece of clothing and covered the Monkeyman’s corpse, covering his face.

A chill gripped at his heart. Since a great massacre had taken place in the last generation, would this kind of scene repeat itself?

Sigh, why did he always encounter this kind of thing?

When he had been in the Lower Realm, the Five Sects treated all the living beings in the Lower Realm like ingredients. They would concoct an alchemical pill once every ten thousand years, slaughtering millions and millions of living beings.

This place… also seemed to be extremely dangerous.

No, he had to increase his cultivation level as soon as possible. Otherwise, what would he use to protect himself if an era of chaos came again?

If he died, then the millions and millions of living beings in the dimensions inside his body would also die with him.

‘Hmm?’

Ling Han looked like he was listening quietly. Though it was too dark here to see clearly, his hearing was not affected.

He heard movement. Something was rapidly approaching, but it was more than thirty meters away, or he would have been able to see it.

The problem was, since he couldn’t see the other party, how did the other party discover him?

His vision was far superior to his?

One had to realize that he could only see the maximum distance of 30 meters after activating his Eye Technique. Thus, just how powerful was this unknown being?

Ling Han made his preparations. He could activate Absolute Fairness at any time.

Finally, his eyesight caught sight of a black shadow.

He was surprised, because this was not a human, but rather a giant spider.

However, this spider’s body was massive, comparable to a calf.

The giant spider’s body was pitch-black, and its eight legs were like spears. As it ran, its speed was astonishingly fast.

Ling Han, on the other hand, relaxed, because he could clearly see that within the spider’s body, four patterns were glowing.

A Four Inscriptions Demonic Beast was nothing to be afraid of.

However, why was a Four Inscriptions Demonic Beast able to discover his presence from such a far location?

Firstly, it was possible that spiders had astonishing hearing or sense of smell, and secondly, it was possible that this place was covered with spider silk, and he had unknowingly touched it, which alerted this giant spider.

Xiu, xiu, xiu! When there was still a distance of 21 to 24 meters between them, the giant spider began to spit out spider silk, which entwined around Ling Han.

This had a powerful stickiness. If he really came into contact with it, Ling Han would be tightly entangled, which would greatly affect his mobility.

Ling Han dodged, then countered with a punch of his own. The force of his punch took solid form, and a fist of light the size of an iron pot shot towards the black spider. This fist was enshrouded in high-level energy of Metal, which increased its destructive power.

Peng, his fist landed on the spider silk. Unexpectedly, this spider silk was very tough, and the punch actually did not manage to penetrate through. However, with this obstruction, the momentum of the spider silk was completely exhausted. It instantly fell, and was taken back by the giant spider.

Ling Han was slightly surprised. Although this punch wasn’t his full power, it was enough to crush the majority of Inscription Tier elites. He didn’t expect to be unable to suppress this giant spider.

He was quite powerful.

The giant spider spat out spider silk madly. Xiu, xiu, xiu, this place was covered with white spider silk, as if multiple ribbons were wrapped around it, weaving into a large net at an astonishing speed.

With another leap, it had already arrived on top of the spider web, and rushed towards Ling Han.

On the spider web, its speed was even faster.

It soon arrived in front of Ling Han, and one of its long legs stabbed towards Ling Han, like a cold iron spear.

Ling Han’s pride was stoked, and he raised his fist to parry. The high-level Metal Energy wrapped around his fist. He wanted to see whose “fist” was tougher.

Peng!

The fist and the spider’s leg collided, forming a massive shockwave, shaking the entire spider web.

Ling Han laughed loudly, his fighting spirit blazing. He brandished his fists repeatedly, throwing a flurry of punches.

The giant spider was also very powerful, and did not give Ling Han the sligthest chance to clash head-on. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

After exchanging several hundred blows, Ling Han and the giant spider stopped at the same time.

Blood dripped from Ling Han’s fist, and the giant spider was not much better off either. Its whole spider leg was slightly misshapen. Thankfully, it had a total of eight legs, which was enough to continue fighting.

“You do have some abilities!” Ling Han’s fighting spirit soared, and he charged forward. “Again!”

He used the Demonic Monkey Fists, and as he shot out a punch, an ancient Demonic Monkey appeared, exuding endless viciousness.

—His accomplishments in the Demonic Monkey Fists were getting higher and higher.

The giant spider greeted the incoming attack, but when the Demonic Monkey Fists was used, as many as 50 layers of power were stacked, as well as Frequency Attack, just how powerful was this power? The giant spider was instantly suppressed, and retreated continuously. Even the spider web could not bear the force of Ling Han’s domineering punch, and was blasted apart, one string after another.

However, neither Ling Han nor the giant spider noticed that the Monkeyman’s corpse whose head Ling Han had covered earlier suddenly opened its eyes. Amidst the pale white, there was a green light flickering.

Ling Han shouted loudly, and his battle prowess became stronger and stronger. After a few more punches, he had broken the legs of this giant spider.

The giant spider finally didn’t dare to battle any longer. It hurriedly turned its remaining six legs and fled in panic. After paying the price of being hit by Ling Han’s three punches, it finally managed to escape successfully.

Ling Han didn’t give chase. It was really too dark here, and if he ran around randomly, it was very likely that he wouldn’t be able to find the way back..