Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3462: A dead person… revives?

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Ling Han continued onwards. He wanted to know if there was another world outside this meat grinder.

After walking for a while, he suddenly felt a sense of apprehension.

This was a powerful sense of danger, making him feel that if he continued forward, he would be in great danger. In fact, he might even lose his life.

He trusted this kind of instinct extremely, and immediately broke into a run and ran back.

Shua! A streak of light shot over at an incredible speed.

Thankfully, Ling Han had continuously changed his course. This streak of light did not hit him, but rather practically scraped past his body. Even so, Ling Han still felt a stifling feeling assault him, causing him to almost stumble and fall to the ground.

This white light was actually a thick spider’s thread!

F***, how could it be so thick?

The giant spider from before was already astonishingly large, but the spider silk that it spat out was only as thick as a finger, and this one? It was about the size of the calf of a leg.

Heavens, could it be that just now, that was only a small spider, and now it was a big one?

Ling Han no longer hesitated, and continued to run.

The small spider was not that much weaker than him, so if a large one came, how was he supposed to deal with it?

Ling Han ran as fast as he could, but not too long after, he turned around to take a look. In the boundless darkness, there was a colossal creature that was the size of a small mountain that was rapidly closing in on him. As its eight legs flew, it seemed to be moving with the wind.

This was a super-large spider. Merely its eyes were larger than a lantern, and now it was staring at Ling Han, exuding a cold glare, that even Ling Han’s skin was about to crack.

A Celestial Path elite.

Ling Han called out internally. This was definitely not something as simple as Mystery Realm Tier. Just the slightest bit of aura was enough to make him almost pass out. It could only be a Celestial Path elite.

Why was he so unlucky?

He had initially thought that he had chased off a giant spider. He had not thought that it was actually just the junior of a Celestial Path-level old spider.

Gritting his teeth, he already gripped the Heavenly Pattern Jade in his hand.

Since he could see it, it meant that this giant spider had already caught up to within thirty meters of him. To Celestial Path elites, what was this tiny bit of distance worth?

One, two, three, four, five, xiu, Ling Han threw out the Heavenly Pattern Jade.

He knew that it was impossible to kill or even injure a Celestial Path-level Demonic Beast, but now that he was about to lose his life, what more could he care about this?

He had to use whatever tricks he had.

Xiu, the Heavenly Pattern Jade smashed out, and instantly recovered its weight of 5000kg, smashing towards that super-large spider.

Faced with this attack, even that giant spider had no choice but to stretch out one of its long legs and give it a push.

It could not be helped. This was a Two Star level material, and could pose a threat even to elites of Celestial Path, even if it was only shot out by a mere cultivator of Extreme Bone Tier.

However, this only bought one second for Ling Han.

Ling Han gritted his teeth and took out the hammer again.

Zi, he shot out lightning.

If he was Celestial Path-level, then he could stimulate a One Star Spirit Tool to launch an attack, and even this giant spider would not be able to defend against it. But now, that giant spider merely spat out a thread and easily dispersed the attack

Ling Han’s forehead was covered with cold sweat. The gap in cultivation level was really too wide. No matter what methods he used, it was all futile in the face of absolute power.

What to do? What to do?

Right at this moment, two green flames suddenly appeared ahead of them.

Ling Han focused his gaze and saw that it was actually a corpse. It was the Monkeyman that he had seen previously.

F***, it had come back to life?

He couldn’t help but cry out. What was going on here? Behind him, there was a Celestial Path Tier-level giant spider that was pursuing him, and in front of him, the corpse of a Monkeyman had appeared. Who knew how many years it had been dead, and it was actually still walking towards him.

What the hell!

It was unknown how many years this Monkeyman had been dead for, but his blood was still gushing out. Merely this bizarreness meant that he must have been incredibly strong when he was alive. Even if he was dead now, he was probably an incredibly powerful zombie.

Was it really a zombie?

Just as Ling Han’s imagination was running wild, xiu, the Monkeyman leaped over Ling Han’s head and landed between him and the giant spider, throwing a punch at the giant spider.

Yi?

Ling Han couldn’t help but be startled, because he was very familiar with the fist technique of the Monkeyman.

Demonic Monkey Fists!

Peng, the Monkeyman and the giant spider exchanged a blow, and both of them trembled, falling backwards. Their abilities were equal.

Ling Han’s heart calmed. This Monkeyman should have come to help him, and could also block the giant spider.

However… why did the Monkeyman want to help him?

Wasn’t he already dead?

Ling Han’s head was filled with wild thoughts, and he was very confused.

The Monkeyman and the giant spider battled fiercely. He channeled the Demonic Monkey Fists, but Ling Han could see very clearly that the latter only used three moves back and forth, and in the middle, he had filled in a great many fist techniques that seemed to be real, but were not.

However, the Monkeyman was Celestial Path Tier-level, and in this state, he was still domineering with every punch. When he threw a punch, though there was no appearance of the ancient Demonic Monkey, a majestic power surged by itself, as if it was strong enough to create a world.

As it turned out, the Demonic Monkey Fists could actually be as powerful as this.

Ling Han was stunned. Furthermore, this Monkeyman clearly had not obtained the true essence of the Demonic Monkey Fists, and could still unleash such might. Then, just how terrifying would the real Demonic Monkey Fists be?

Under the powerful attacks of the Monkeyman, the giant spider finally retreated.

Perhaps it knew that there was nothing much worthy to fight with a dead person over. Even if both sides were injured, so what? The other party had long since died, so it was not a big deal.

With the enemy gone, the Monkeyman immediately became dazed, and circled around on the spot.

Ling Han originally wanted to leave, but suddenly recalled that Heavenly Pattern Jade was still ahead of him. After some thought, he decided to retrieve it.

—The giant spider should have run far away, and the possibility of it charging back was very low.

Most importantly, the Heavenly Pattern Jade was too important. He definitely had to get it back.

He walked forwards, but after taking a few steps, cold sweat broke out on his back.

Behind him, the Monkeyman that had been wandering around in a daze actually followed him without making a sound.

This was a corpse, and it was swaying behind him. Wasn’t that terrifying?

If the Monkeyman hadn’t helped him attack the giant spider just then, Ling Han would have definitely broken into a run and fled.

He stopped, and so did the Monkeyman.

Ling Han could see very clearly. The body of the Monkeyman was not corroded, but there was shockingly a large hole in its chest. Clearly, it had died from having its heart burst.

And now, there were green flames flickering in the eyes of this Monkeyman, which looked very strange.

Er, a dead person got up, and followed behind him shakily. This was already an incredibly strange thing.

Ling Han turned around and continued walking. The Monkeyman also followed him shakily, as if it was clinging onto him.

Just what kind of physique did he have?

Drawing trouble, attracting animosity, and now even drawing ghosts? Fị𝒏dd 𝒏ew upd𝒂t𝒆s on n(o)v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

However, in this way, he would be able to calmly find the Heavenly Pattern Jade without worrying that the giant spider would suddenly charge out.

He searched carefully. Though it was very dark here, he could see everything within thirty meters, after all, and added with the fact that he was not in a rush, it was naturally not difficult for him to find the Heavenly Pattern Jade.

Ten minutes later, he had completed the mission.

Should they still continue forward?

Ling Han mulled over this..