Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3465: Mortality Bone

Translator: Henyee Translations ] Editor: Henyee Translations

F*ck! Hes using forbidden medicines just because hes no match?1

This was too shameless.

This Tong Miao is really going all out, even using Mortality Bone1, Xin Ruyue said with a frown.

Hehe, if it was Fairy Xin, she wouldnt want to lose to a native, right? Dong Qi said with a chuckle.

Xin Ruyue did not speak. After a while, she nodded slowly.

Though they were citizens of prison, the overall level of cultivation was far superior to this world, and prodigies like them were actually inferior to a native? If this spread out, they would really be laughed at.

Hence, they could lose to a prodigy that had similarly come out of prison, but definitely could not lose to the weak natives outside.

After Tong Miao had inhaled that strange dust, it was as if he had been pumped full of adrenaline, and his abilities had seen a doubling increase.

Boom, he threw a punch, which was incredibly fast.

Ling Han used Frequency Attack and clashed head-on with his opponent. He couldnt help but stumble back, feeling as if his bones were about to break.

There was no time for him to be stunned, and he hurriedly dodged to the side, because Tong Miaos sword was already slashing towards him.

Father, thats the ashes left behind after an elite died. After absorbing it into the body, it can temporarily increase battle prowess, Second Baby said.

Shameless b@stard, do you dare to have a fair battle? Eldest Baby said disdainfully.

Yet Tong Miao acted as if he had not heard anything. He only had one thought in mind, and that was to kill Ling Han.

Inhaling the ashes of elites?

Ling Han couldnt help but shiver. F***, this was too disgusting.

Get lost, you damn pervert! he roared loudly, and the murderous aura was the first to rush out.

Tong Miao couldnt help but freeze in his movements, but it was only an instant. He recovered, and charged towards Ling Han again.

It was as if with the blessing of the ashes, his mystical power, spirit, and physical strength had all improved.

This was the first time that the effects of Ling Hans murderous aura attack had been so weak. However, no matter how weak it was, it was still effective. Tong Miaos movements froze, and his attack naturally became sluggish. This could also be considered a weakness.

Ling Hans figure was agile, and he passed through his opponents weak point.bender

Then, he launched a counterattack.

It was as if Tong Miao had gone mad. He once again split his sword into two, and delivered a series of mad slashes. A blood-red aura circulated all over his body. In fact, even his whole head of black locks had been dyed red.

Night Demon Eighteen Slashes! he roared lowly. The two swords slashed out rapidly, slicing out two incredibly thick and long flashes of Sword Qi. They actually turned into two massive bats that pounced towards Ling Han.

Ling Han humphed, and shot out the Demonic Monkey Fists. A Demonic Monkey also surfaced, filled with a ruthless aura. It brandished its fists at the two giant bats.Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

The Demonic Monkey unleashed its might, tearing apart the two giant bats. However, its power was also exhausted, and it turned into a shadow that

disappeared.

Xin Ruyue and Dong Qi were both dazzled by this sight.

How is this possible? A native has actually grasped such a terrifying ultimate technique.

Why does that Demonic Monkey give me the feeling of a Saint? It makes me tremble, and I dont even have the courage to look at it directly.

Could it be that this is a supreme divine technique passed down from a Demonic Saint?

After the two of them recovered from their shock, they both looked covetous.

Saints were lofty beings who looked down on the rest of the world. Even if it was just a casual pointer, it was enough to completely transform ones battle prowess.

And if this was the technique of a Saint, even if it was taught to him by the Demonic Saint, it was still an indescribable treasure. It could make even great elites in prison go crazy for it.

More importantly, Ling Han was only a native, and did not have any powerful background. Even if they killed him, and snatched his cultivation technique, so what? Did they have to be wary of anyone coming out to make trouble for

them?

Tong Miao was also affected by the Demonic Monkey, but Ling Hans overall cultivation level was too low, after all. This kind of effect was similar to the barrage of murderous aura. There was an effect, but the effects were actually

not very strong.

Hence, Tong Miaos attack faltered, and poured out again, though its might had been weakened a little more.

Ling Han brandished his fists to parry the incoming attack, while preparing a counterattack. Heavenly Pattern Jade was already in hand.

One, two, three, four, five!

Xiu, he threw out the precious tool in his hand, and using Spiritual Power, it instantly reached more than nine times the speed of sound, recovering to the terrifying weight of 5000kg.

Even if an Enlightenment Tier cultivator were to face this attack head-on, it was possible that his bones would shatter and his body would be broken.

Tong Miaos reaction was extremely fast, and he immediately raised the two swords to block in front of him. Peng, the Heavenly Pattern Jade smashed onto the blade of the swords. These two treasured swords were made of some unknown material, but they were definitely extraordinary. Immediately, they shattered, and the web between Tong Miaos thumb and forefinger cracked.

The Heavenly Pattern Jades momentum didnt decrease, and it struck Tong Miaos body again, causing him to tremble and bounce back.

However, after being blocked by the swords, the might of the Heavenly Pattern Jade was considerably reduced. This attack did not kill Tong Miao, but only caused minor injuries.

Ling Han leaped out, and stretched out a hand to grab the Heavenly Pattern Jade. This thing weighed more than 5000kg, and Spiritual Power was not strong enough to grab it back.

Shua, Tong Miao immediately shot out a punch. He had only suffered light injuries, and had not lost his battle prowess.

Ling Han leaped back, dodging this punch. Then, he raised the Heavenly Pattern Jade.

When Tong Miao saw this, he couldnt help but feel terrified.

He had just experienced the might of the Heavenly Pattern Jade, so how could he dare to take another blow?

Previously, there were still swords that had blocked a blow for him, but there was none now.

He was very decisive. Immediately, he turned and fled. Xiu, his figure spread out. He did not dare walk in a straight line, and his figure changed extremely quickly, giving Ling Han no chance to lock onto him. In an instant, he had fled without a trace.

In truth, as long as he ran out of a certain area, the suppression on his cultivation level would disappear. The cultivation level of Enlightenment Tier, strength close to Mystery Realm Tier, this was definitely not something that Ling Han and his group could match.

Ling Han did not pursue. Just by looking at the sudden spike in speed, he knew that Tong Miaos cultivation level had already recovered.

This meant that their first battle had already ended.

What if he took the initiative to challenge, and the formation here no longer suppressed the others cultivation level?

Absolute Fairness was his trump card, so he naturally couldnt use it easily. Dong Qi and Xin Ruyue exchanged a glance, both of them frowning.

Ling Hans final attack caused them all to shiver. At such a close distance, how could they dodge an attack that was at nine times the speed of sound?

It should be known that if they fought with Ling Han, their cultivation level would be suppressed to Extreme Bone Tier.

In fact, this wasnt impossible to win. As long as two people cooperated sincerely, one would attract the enemys fire, and the other would be able to take advantage of the opening to attack. After all, Ling Han only had a single Heavenly Pattern Jade.

The problem was, who would be in charge of attracting enemy fire?

This was no joke. One could lose their life at the slightest provocation. To say nothing of the fact that they had just met by chance, even if they were Senior Brother and Junior Sister, they would have to consider carefully if they would be sold off by the other party.

Dont forget, this also involved the competition for the quota for Young Dragon.

Thus, it was completely impossible for them to cooperate.

The two of them smiled at Ling Han, appearing to be very friendly.

-They were very familiar with the rules of the formation here. If a low-level cultivator took the initiative to attack a high-level cultivator, the formation would not activate, and forcibly suppress those with higher cultivation levels.

Thus, if Ling Han made a move, they would be able to kill Ling Han with their higher cultivation level.

In the depths of their hearts, they naturally hoped that Ling Han would force himself to make a move..