Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3466: Secret of the Mural

Translator: Henyee Translations | Editor. Henyee Translations

Unfortunately, Ling Han didnt fall for it.

Even though he looked young, in the Genesis World, just how many trials and hardships had he gone through?

He had always maintained a youthful mentality, and was filled with enthusiasm for life. He had always been pursuing strength, but in other areas, he was incredibly old and experienced.

Ling Han also smiled at Dong Qi and Xin Ruyue. Then, he imitated them and sat down in a cross-legged position, looking at the carvings on the stone wall.

The three young prodigies naturally couldnt sit here out of boredom, so the painting on the stone wall definitely had a deeper meaning.

Its said that a supreme divine technique is contained within. If one can comprehend it, not only will it help to improve ones cultivation level, it can also be of use in the following trials, Xin Ruyue said. Her voice was gentle and melodious.

Ling Han was slightly surprised. He had not thought that Xin Ruyue would actually take the initiative to express goodwill.

Meanwhile, Dong Qi smirked coldly. He naturally knew that Xin Ruyue was deliberately trying to worm her way into Ling Hans good books. Could it be that this woman wanted to use her beauty to tempt Ling Han so she could obtain his fist technique?

How shameless!

Dong Qi spat internally, but was also filled with jealousy.

Xin Ruyue was a great beauty, and her natural talent in cultivation was astonishing. She was also the disciple of the Primordial True Lord, and her background was astonishing. If he could become her partner, he would be able to obtain a great many benefits.

Unfortunately, Xin Ruyue didnt like him at all.

This was merely an Extreme Bone Tier, and furthermore, he was a native at that. What right did he have to be superior to him?

Dong Qi closed his eyes. Though he was arrogant, he was not an idiot. If he fought with Ling Han here, it would only allow Xin Ruyue to reap the benefits.

Thus he would only flip out after the trial. With his cultivation level of Enlightenment Tier, wouldnt it be easy for him to kill an Extreme Bone Tier?

No matter how freakish he was, he would not be able to escape death.

Ling Han smiled at Xin Ruyue, and said, Thank you for your guidance.

My name is Xin Ruyue. The woman smiled beautifully.

Ling Han nodded. There was no need for him to introduce himself. The other party had long since found out. He asked, I wonder if Miss Xin has figured out anything?

Xin Ruyue shook her head, Ruyue is dull, and did not manage to distinguish anything.

Ling Han raised his head, and saw that the carvings on the stone wall couldnt be called drawings at all. Instead, they looked more like random graffiti, and he couldnt tell what was being drawn.

Could it be that they were just random drawings?

This could also be regarded as a test. Everyone thought that it was the illustration of some supreme divine technique, but in the end, it was a waste of time.

Brother Ling, its not just the Celestial Sea Planet that has a Young Dragon Trial. There are also other places that have it, Xin Ruyue said. According to a senior, this stone carving does indeed contain supreme divine arts, but the profound secrets within definitely cant be leaked. Otherwise, elites will move and kill both the leaker and the one who has learnt the technique.

Hmm?1bender

Which also meant that this Young Dragon Trial was actually backed by some force?

Ling Han smiled at Xin Ruyue, Thank you for your guidance, Miss Xin. Xin Ruyue nodded. She had changed her mind, and deliberately formed a good relationship with Ling Han.

Ling Han focused his full attention on the stone carvings. Just what kind of secret was hidden within them?

As long as there was really some supreme martial arts technique hidden within, Ling Han was sure that with his comprehension ability, he would definitely be able to tell.

He took a deep breath, calmed himself, and continued to study it.

However, the messy strokes were still a mess, without any rhythm, without

any sense of aesthetic, and nothing could be distinguished.

-Oh! Second Baby suddenly clapped her hands. I understand, she called out in a childish voice.

A thought flashed in Ling Hans head. Only Second Baby could tell?

It must be her eye technique.

He activated his eye technique and looked at the stone carving again. He couldnt help but feel pleasantly surprised, because he saw something different.

In truth, there was no change to the painting at all, but the hierarchy was clearly defined.

Some were in front, and some were behind. Furthermore, it was not two layers, but rather a dozen over layers. In fact, if one looked more closely, it was far from a dozen over layers.

A three-dimensional map appeared in Ling Hans mind.

This was the structure of the human body. At this moment, they were all meridians in the human body.

However, merely the meridians of the human body didnt mean anything. As long as one unblocked his meridians, who didnt know the structure of their own meridians?

Ling Han took a closer look, then came to a sudden realization. This was still combined with light. Under the present light, one of the meridians was especially distinct, as if it had lit up.

He smiled internally, knowing that he had already unravelled the scheme of

the person who had left behind this stone statue.

Every once in a while, Ling Han would look at the changes in the diagram of meridians. This was actually a diagram of the circulation of mystical power.

After a whole day, the change of light formed a cycle, and Ling Han finally grasped all the changes in the meridians.

This was a cultivation technique, and its exact effects were still unclear.

Ling Han waited for another half a day. When the sun rose, he began to use the new cultivation technique to cultivate.

However, the result confused him completely.

That was because this was completely unable to extract the power of heaven and earth. It was completely pointless effort.

Could it be that he himself had misunderstood?

Ling Han frowned upon hearing this. He mulled over this again, and he felt that there was nothing wrong with his understanding.

In order not to waste time, Ling Han switched to channelling the Brother Monkey Cultivation Technique, extracting the power of heaven and earth for his own use.

Hmm?

A thought suddenly flashed in his mind. Could he do this?

After channeling the Brother Ling, Ling Han channeled the new cultivation technique again. A miracle happened, and it was as if all the pores on his body had opened up. The speed at which he extracted the power of heaven and earth instantly increased many-fold.

As it turned out, this was a supplementary cultivation technique!

Ling Han was overjoyed. Brother Monkey Cultivation Technique was already very awesome in the first place, and added with this supplementary cultivation technique, how much faster could his cultivation speed surpass an ordinary person?

Yi, he shockingly discovered that following the channelling of this cultivation technique, there was actually an additional mark on his wrist.

What!

Xin Ruyue and Dong Qi opened their eyes at the same time. Though they could not see it with the naked eye, they could still sense it with their divine sense. Ling Han seemed to have become the centre of the whirlpool, absorbing a great amount of power of heaven and earth that was surging towards him.

Just how strong was he?

He was comparable to them!𝑅êạd new chapt𝒆rs on no/v/e/l𝒃in(.)com

It should be known that they were Enlightenment Tier elites!

The power of heaven and earth that an Extreme Bone Tier cultivator absorbed could compare to the power of heaven and earth absorbed by an Enlightenment Tier cultivator. What kind of concept was that?

Are you a monster?

Thats not right!

They immediately recalled that Ling Han had also cultivated the previous day. Furthermore, he had also stimulated a considerable amount of the power of heaven and earth, but it was definitely not as exaggerated as it was now.

In other words, this was a sudden change.

Hiss, could it be that this guy had unravelled the secret of the painting? They were practically in no mood to cultivate, and both of them were filled with envy. If they could also obtain this cultivation technique, then wouldnt they be able to advance into Celestial Path in the shortest time possible?

This was a great opportunity.

Ling Han was completely focused on cultivating, and the power in his body was surging and majestic. With every passing second, his improvement was extremely obvious.

Going by this rate, he would only need a short six days to reach the peak stage of the Third Extreme.

A smile appeared on Ling Hans face. Even if he didnt get first place in the trial, he wouldnt lose out at all.

When half an hour had passed, and seeing Ling Han open his eyes, Dong Qi immediately declared proudly, Ling Han, tell me the secret of the painting, and I can use treasures to trade with you..