Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3468: Fourth Extreme

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

Ling Han finally understood. This place was not a land of death. Those flowers would only cause one to pass out.

The problem was that the effects of the pollen were very strong. One sniff would cause one to fall unconscious, and the state of unconsciousness would be for a very, very long time.

Ling Han noticed that after a person fell to the ground, he did not wake up even after two hours had passed.

He observed patiently, and discovered that after another hour, that person finally woke up.

Ling Han did not only observe one person. He concluded that most people would be in a coma for about three hours, and only a very limited number would be able to wake up ahead of time, but it was only slightly ahead of time.

Was this a formation?

Ling Han observed. He wanted to know how the flowers would bloom, because the same flower would sometimes bloom when people passed by, but at other times, it would not.

He activated the eye technique, and the world instantly appeared in front of him in a different way.

His brain was working at high speed. This garden was too big, and there were too many flowers. It was difficult to find the pattern of bloom of every single flower.

Ling Han soon gave up the idea of figuring out all the patterns of blooming of the flowers, because he only had to find a path to pass through.

He continued to observe and deduce. This volume of calculation was still astonishingly large, because after every flower bloomed, the pollen would disperse at a different time and in a different range.

Even with Ling Han’s ability, he could only calculate a small area.

He had the babies enter into the Essence Nurturing Gourd, while he advanced alone.

One step, two steps, three steps. His steps were light, but after taking a few hundred steps, he felt his vision blur, and he collapsed onto the ground.

F***, he had miscalculated, and had fallen for it.

He slowly regained consciousness, and his memories instantly returned. Hurriedly, he retreated back the way he had come. He did not want the pollen to be scattered again, and cause him to be in a coma for another two to three hours.

Ling Han started to calculate again.

In truth, his progress was already astonishingly fast. Usually, it would be good enough if others could walk a dozen over steps, but for him, he had taken a few hundred steps. The gap was extremely wide.

After half a day, Ling Han set out again.

Teng, teng, teng! Another few hundred steps later, Ling Han was hit again, and collapsed onto the ground.

After waking up this time, Ling Han was slightly troubled. That was because he had already surpassed the majority of people, and there were only a few people ahead of him. Furthermore, they were mostly sprawled out on the ground. There was no one to scout the way for him, so he could only use his eye technique to observe, so his speed would be considerably slower.

He decided to prepare some food first. After feeding the seven babies, he also entered into the Essence Nurturing Gourd.

—The plants here were dense, and no one would see them.

He had overused his brain today, so he indeed needed a good rest.

The next morning, he immediately exited the gourd and sat down cross-legged to cultivate.

At this moment, the sun just happened to rise.

Ling Han channeled the two cultivation techniques at the same time. One was the main cultivation technique, while the other was for a support cultivation technique. There was no conflict, and with the strength of his spiritual power, he was completely capable of multitasking.

This was astonishingly fast.

In another four days, he would be able to reach the peak stage of the Third Extreme, and there was no need to worry about the Treasured Fruit of Life. The Treasured Fruits of Life that he had previously prepared had not been used all this while, and was completely capable of supporting him to charge up to the Fourth Extreme.

However, if a Fourth Extreme wanted to go any higher, he would have to think of another way.

Aside from cultivation technique, the biggest factor that limited one’s cultivation level was the Treasured Fruit of Life.

Without enough Treasured Fruits of Life, who would dare to rashly break through? Did they want to die?

Ling Han cast aside the distracting thoughts in his mind, and began to observe and calculate again.

At this time, he could only consider one step after another, and his speed was considerably slower than yesterday, but compared to the others, his speed could be considered freakish.

After this day ended, Ling Han had already walked to the very front.

Either someone had already passed, or he would definitely be the first to pass.

When the fourth day was about to end, Ling Han unexpectedly discovered that a flower had actually borne fruit. Even if there was still a very far distance separating them, he could still sense an incredibly dense life force.

This was a Treasured Fruit of Life.

This was too coincidental, wasn’t it? Whatever he lacked, he would get.

Ling Han only thought for a moment, and then set this thought aside. The most important thing now was how to harvest it.

This was not on the path that Ling Han had to pass through, but rather would deviate very far from the main route, which would definitely waste a lot of time.

“Plucking the Treasured Fruit of Life, how could it be considered a waste of time?” Ling Han smiled, and naturally turned around without the slightest hesitation.

The bushes here were much denser, and there was no one helping him to scout ahead either. Ling Han could only observe bit by bit with his eye technique, so his progress was extremely slow.

“Oh no, I’ve been hit!”

It was not that he had completely made no mistakes. Thankfully, the fragrance of this flower was not fatal. After two hours, he regained consciousness, and once again advanced.

After spending a whole two days, Ling Han finally arrived in front of that Treasured Fruit of Life.

The branches bore a total of nine fruits, exuding an incredibly dense aura of life. Ling Han had previously obtained an Enlightenment Tier-level Treasured Fruit of Life. In comparison, it was far inferior to these nine fruits.

Thus, these nine fruits were most likely Mystery Realm Tier-level Treasured Fruits of Life.

Ling Han naturally wouldn’t be reserved, and put away the nine Treasured Fruits of Life.

At present, he was only in Extreme Bone Tier. He believed that no matter how freakish he was, such a Treasured Fruit of Life would be enough to help him break through to the next cultivation level.

Ling Han was extremely pleased. This trip had really not been in vain. His gains were practically bountiful.

He returned to the right path, and continued onwards.

Another two days later, Ling Han finally walked out of this garden area.

There was a dense forest ahead of him, and Ling Han nodded. Coincidentally, he could break through here.

—In these few days, he had already reached the peak stage of the Third Extreme.

Break through to Fourth Extreme!

His advancement was too fast. He had only stayed at the stage of Third Extreme for less than ten days, but Ling Han did not have the time to waste. He had to improve his cultivation level as soon as possible. The benefits contained in this Young Dragon Trial had exceeded his imagination, so he definitely had to get first place.

Though the previous battles had been very fair, and he could suppress the cultivation level of any elite he encountered, who could guarantee that it would be the same in the future?

Thus, one’s own strength was the most dependable.

He found a secluded place, and when the sun rose on the second day, he completed the last accumulation of mystical power, and began to break through to the Fourth Extreme.

The improvement of one’s cultivation level was the improvement of one’s level of being, and to be frank, the improvement of one’s level of being was to tear open the shackles in one’s body. It was as if the heavens had imposed a restriction, causing mortals to be born ordinary. They had to experience this process, and advance step by step towards becoming stronger.

Ling Han ingested a Treasured Fruit of Life, then began to tear through his shackles.

Pa, one of the shackles was shattered, and Ling Han instantly felt relaxed, but at the same time, a portion of the life force in his body was also ruthlessly extracted.

Fortunately, the life essence formed by the Treasured Fruit of Life immediately replenished this deficiency, allowing Ling Han to maintain a strong vitality.

Pa, pa, pa! One after another, the shackles of life were endlessly broken. Ling Han gritted his teeth and bared his teeth, because accompanying this process, bits of bone fell off, and the new bones were advancing in an even stronger direction.

Three hours later, Ling Han was done.

Fourth Extreme!