Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3473: Betting Techniques

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Ling Han turned his head, and saw that it was a beautiful and enchanting figure.

Xin Ruyue.

Had she unearthed the secret of the mural, or had she given up helplessly?

Ling Han felt that the latter possibility was higher, because the secret of the mural needed an eye technique, and the possibility that Xin Ruyue possessed an eye technique was practically zero.

Xin Ruyue naturally saw Ling Han as well. She nodded at him, appearing very friendly.

In truth, she very much wanted to capture Ling Han, and force him to hand over the secret of the mural. That was because she had indeed left without deciphering the secret within because she was in a rush.

However, if the higher cultivation level cultivators challenged the lower cultivation level cultivators here, their cultivation level would be weakened, and she had personally witnessed Ling Hans ability to battle against those at the same cultivation level. She was definitely no match for him.

Hence, it was impossible for her to make things difficult for Ling Han here, but the problem was, if she left this place and obtained the secret of the painting, it was highly possible that she would be killed by the great forces behind this place of trial.

Under such considerations, she had to develop a good relationship with Ling Han, so good that the latter was willing to tell her the secret of the painting.

This could be traded through treasures, cultivation techniques, and even in fact she was willing to sell off some of her charms.

Ling Han also nodded, and said, Miss Xin!

Brother Ling is indeed powerful. Youre the first to arrive here, Xin Ruyue said. Her eyes swept over the seven toddlers, and her expression was slightly awkward. She had never seen anyone bring children with them when they ventured into an ancient site.

Ling Han smiled faintly. He was still recovering from his injuries, and did not have much interest in socializing with others.

With a circulation of mystical power, the recovery of his bone injuries would be slightly faster. With continuous nourishment, he should be able to shorten the recovery time to within five days.

Brother Ling, why dont we have a competition to see who can reach the summit? Xin Ruyue asked, her beautiful eyes burning. Aside from the methods that she had previously considered, she could also make a wager with Ling Han.

Young people, after all, would definitely have soaring pride.

Ling Han smiled faintly, What are we betting on?

I have a cultivation technique here called Three Yang Heaven Replenishing Technique. After being injured, channeling this cultivation technique would have great effects, Xin Ruyue said. It is said that after cultivating it to the extreme, severed limbs can be regrew. As long as the vital points are not damaged, they can be recovered.

Ling Hans eyes involuntarily lit up. Although he could modify the Indestructible Heavens Scroll, it was still limited by his cultivation level. The limitations were far too great.

It was inevitable that cultivators would be injured. With this cultivation technique, it was equivalent to having an additional safeguard. In fact, this might even grant them an additional life.

What do you want from me, Miss Xin? Ling Han asked with a smile. The fact that she had taken out such a cultivation technique had completely piqued his interest, so she must be scheming something.

Xin Ruyue smiled beautifully, Ruyue wants the cultivation technique that Brother Ling obtained from the painting.

Ling Han was surprised, Wasnt it said that this could not be taught to outsiders, as they would be hunted down?

Xin Ruyue nodded, That is indeed the case. However, in terms of teaching here, Ruyue can claim to have comprehended it on her own.

Ling Han looked at his wrist. After he had comprehended this cultivation technique, there was an additional mark on it, which disappeared with a flash. At first, he had thought that it would not appear again, but when he channelled that cultivation technique, it appeared again.

Could it be that this was not because of the cultivation technique itself, but rather because he had learnt it here, and that was why he was given a stamp, so that it would be effective as proof in future?bender

Otherwise, how could that force judge whether he had learnt it here, or had been taught it by someone else?

Thoughts flashed in Ling Hans mind. With his cultivation level, it was naturally impossible for him to forcefully snatch the cultivation technique from the others hands. In this place, even Absolute Fairness was ineffective.

Moreover, the other party had not trifled with him either. Just because the other party had something that he wanted, to move and snatch it by force, what difference would there be between him and those profligate young masters?

The reason why he had become strong was so that he would not be bullied, and not so that he could bully the weak.

All right, Ill take that bet! Ling Han nodded.

A smile appeared on Xin Ruyues face. She dared to gamble with Ling Han, so it was naturally impossible that she wasnt confident.

She began to ascend the steps, and immediately, the shadowy figure appeared.

She was an Enlightenment Tier elite, so the shadowy figure naturally couldnt be an Inscription Tier elite, even if this was only her first opponent.

They began a fierce battle. In terms of power, it should be the light figure that was stronger, but Xin Ruyue avoided a head-on clash, and did not confront her opponent head-on all this while. The two whips in her hands danced in the air, and very soon, she had the upper hand, and defeated her opponent.

Xin Ruyue wielded her twin whips and continued forward.

After taking a few steps, a second shadowy figure appeared.

Its strength was obviously much stronger, but it still hadnt leaped out of the range of Enlightenment Tier. Thus, Xin Ruyue still easily dealt with it with a burst of power from a burst of attacks.

She once again advanced, and when the third shadowy figure appeared, both sides had fought to a tie.

This shadowy figures strength still hadnt broken through to Mystery Realm Tier. However, its battle prowess was comparable to Sixth Extreme, and it was incredibly powerful. After battling for a long time, Xin Ruyues mystical power was exhausted, and she had no choice but to step down.

Xin Ruyues expression was slightly ugly. Before she came, she had done a great deal of research, and thought that she had already understood everything clearly. She was very well-prepared, and had also arrived at the last stage.Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

However, even with her full effort, she was only able to walk halfway up the steps?

She did indeed have some tricks up her sleeve. It would not be difficult for her to defeat her third opponent. The problem was, there should be two more opponents after this, so how was she going to defeat them?

She wasnt worried about the bet yet, and it was even more impossible for Ling Han to win. However, if she couldnt reach the peak, she similarly wouldnt be able to become a candidate for Young Dragon, nor would she be able to obtain Ling Hans cultivation technique. This naturally made her unhappy.

She could only wait.

She was very clear about the rules here. The earlier the light figures that appeared on these steps, the stronger their abilities would be, but if no one managed to reach the summit after a long time, the strength of the light figures would slowly weaken by themselves, right until there was someone that could reach the summit.

Hence, she could only wait now. When she could defeat her fourth opponent, she would then use a forbidden technique, defeating her fifth opponent, and pass in a single stroke.

Ling Han found this strange. Why was it that his opponent had already possessed an advantage of a major cultivation level from the very beginning, yet Xin Ruyues opponent was so weak?

Could it be that his cultivation level was too weak?

Sigh, because his cultivation level was too low, just how many losses had he suffered?

Thus, cultivate in peace and reach Seventh Extreme as soon as possibleif possible, then advance into the Inscription Tier.

Ling Han first healed his injuries, and when the sun rose on the second day, he began to cultivate.

A day passed, and finally, another person had rushed here, but this person was even worse. He had not even managed to defeat the first shadowy figure. He wanted to leave, yet was unwilling to do so, so he too waited at the sidelines. Ling Han found this strange. Whats the point of waiting like this? Could it be that hell become stronger, or will the opponents strength become weaker?

Very soon, he shockingly discovered that the strength of the light-person would really be weakened.

On the third day, Xin Ruyue defeated the third shadowy figure, though she was defeated after exchanging a single blow with the fourth shadowy figure.

That was already the battle prowess of Mystery Realm Tier, and was not something that she could match at all.

Yi, there was actually something like that..