Cuteness Unleashed
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3475: Getting there first

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations Reêad latest 𝒏ov𝒆ls at n𝒐𝒐v/e/l/bi𝒏(.)com

Xin Ruyue judged others with herself as a standard.

She possessed a forbidden technique that could allow her battle prowess to explode. Thus, she was confident that after defeating the fourth shadowy figure, she would be able to defeat the fifth obstacle in a single stroke.

Since she had such means, why did Ling Han not?

Hence, she was extremely nervous. However, there was nothing else she could do. As long as he stood on this step, others would not be able to interfere. This had already been tried long ago.

Ling Han continued to advance. When he arrived in front of the throne, he saw a fifth shadowy figure appear, blocking in front of him. The shadowy figure solidified, almost taking form.

The moment this shadowy figure appeared, it immediately shot out a punch at Ling Han.

This punch was astonishingly fast.

En, he was definitely an Enlightenment Tier elite.

Ling Han replied with a punch of his own, yet retreated continuously.

He frowned. At first, he had thought that he was already capable of matching an Enlightenment Tier elite. At least, it would not be difficult for him to reach the early stage of the Enlightenment Tier, but once he was facing one, he knew that the Sixth Extreme was still unable to make up for the gap of two major tiers.

However, Sixth Extreme was still Sixth Extreme after all. He had broken through his limits, causing his battle prowess to increase greatly. No matter what, he would not be so weak that he could not withstand a single blow.

Ling Han unleashed all kinds of techniques and battled fiercely with the light-person. However, whether it was him using the boiling of blood and Qj or the Demonic Monkey Fists added with Frequency Attack, or even activating his Eye Technique to investigate the weaknesses of the light-person, even the Heavenly Pattern Jade, he was still unable to gain the upper hand.

When the explosion had ended, he had no choice but to step back.

He looked at the top of the steps, and thought that there was no need for him to advance into the Seventh Extreme. He only had to wait a few more days, and when the light figure’s strength weakened a bit more, he would be able to win.

More importantly… he turned to look at Xin Ruyue. Unexpectedly, Xin Ruyue was also looking at him.

Though there were many people here, the two of them were the only competitors with each other. It would depend on which of them could get there first.

On the surface, Ling Han naturally had the upper hand, and had already reached the fifth stage. However, Xin Ruyue had a forbidden technique. Once she defeated the fourth shadowy figure, she was confident that she could defeat the fifth opponent with a single strike.

Thus, the two of them were already standing on the last step.

The strength of the light-person was declining, and it would depend on whose limit would be broken through first.

Ling Han retracted his gaze, his expression calm.

He was not a sore loser. Furthermore, he felt that his chances of winning were higher, because Xin Ruyue’s strength could not possibly improve much in a short period of time, but he could.

Two days passed, and one after another, thrones rose from the various peaks. Very soon, the eight peaks had gathered, and only their peak had not produced any Young Dragon candidates yet.

Ling Han and Xin Ruyue were both repeatedly issuing challenges, and they were getting closer and closer to victory. It was really hard to say who would have the last laugh.

The others had already lost hope, but they didn’t leave. Instead, they continued to watch the battle, wanting to know who would have the last laugh between Ling Han and Xin Ruyue.

One day, two days, three days, four days.

Ling Han was about to reach the peak stage of Sixth Extreme, and after this morning’s cultivation ended, he had full confidence that he could defeat his opponent.

He rushed up the steps and began a fierce battle. Unexpectedly, Xin Ruyue also rushed up, looking determined to win.

Peng! Peng! Peng!

In order to save time, they used powerful moves right off the bat. Ling Han used a battle hammer, while Xin Ruyue brandished her twin whips. One after another, seals lit up, and the two whips turned into light and shadow. With a single whip strike, the elite was reduced to ashes.

However, it was still Ling Han who was faster. He had killed the first light figure first, but Xin Ruyue was only slightly behind. It was practically a gap of one to two seconds, and she had also killed her first opponent.

Weng, a second opponent appeared.

Fight, fight, fight. They were still completely unstoppable. It was still Ling Han who was faster, and had increased his advantage of being in the lead by about four seconds.

Then, it was the third opponent.

This gap was even more obvious. Ling Han soon won, while Xin Ruyue was still battling fiercely.

In fact, when Ling Han had killed his fourth opponent, Xin Ruyue had just barely defeated her third opponent.

Ling Han faced off against the fifth shadowy figure, while Xin Ruyue engaged in an intense battle with the fourth shadowy figure.

This was much more dragged out.

Even if Ling Han already had absolute confidence that he could win, being able to win and the number of moves it would take him were two different matters. Most importantly, the shadowy figure was completely immune to the murderous aura barrage. Otherwise, it would not have been so difficult for Ling Han to win.

About half an hour later, Ling Han had the absolute upper hand, and his victory was only a few moves away.

At this time, Xin Ruyue was also about to win.

Peng!

Ling Han sent his opponent flying, and on the other side, Xin Ruyue also killed the fourth light figure with her twin whips.

She charged forward without hesitation, biting down with her beautiful teeth. The alchemical pill that she had placed in her mouth immediately shattered. The medicinal effects were instantaneous, and her entire body glowed with blood. All of a sudden, her strength had increased by at least three times, no, even five times.

This was one of her forbidden techniques. She could unleash five times her original strength, but this was only limited to a single strike. After this strike, not only would her battle prowess drop, she would only be one-tenth of what she would be in her normal state.

Peng!

Sure enough, the fifth shadowy figure was no match for her at all. She sent the shadowy figure flying with a single strike of her whip, but her battle prowess also dropped drastically.

Xiu, xiu, the two of them scrambled towards the throne.

Xin Ruyue’s beautiful eyes turned cold. She was one position behind Ling Han, and if she did not take any action, the victor of this peak would be Ling Han.

No!

She waved her hands without hesitation, and the two whips shot towards Ling Han.

F***, so much of a sore loser?

Ling Han humphed coldly, and replied with a punch of his own.

His fist crashed into the whip, instantly creating a powerful shockwave of power. The air was completely torn apart, and even light was distorted.

Xin Ruyue stumbled back continuously, directly retreating down the steps. Meanwhile, though Ling Han’s figure was also swaying, he fell back onto the throne and sat down solidly.

Xin Ruyue had miscalculated. After using the forbidden technique, her battle prowess had dropped to one tenth, and she was actually unable to suppress Ling Han. Otherwise, she was confident that she could send Ling Han flying.

Ling Han sat down, and the throne immediately lit up, releasing an incredibly powerful aura as it slowly rose into the air.

Xin Ruyue flopped onto the ground, appearing extremely disheveled. She definitely couldn’t accept this result.

Whether it was the candidate for Young Dragon, or the cultivation technique hidden in the mural, both were lost to her.

She gripped her twin whips tightly. If looks could kill, Ling Han would have already died many times over.

Ling Han looked down at this woman coldly, and humphed internally. This Xin Ruyue was actually not much different from Dong Qi and Tong Miao. It was just that she had concealed herself very well.

He very quickly withdrew his gaze. As long as he advanced into Seventh Extreme, then even if he could not defeat this woman, there would be no problem for him to protect himself.

The next time they met, he would ask her for the Three Yang Heaven Replenishing Technique. No one was allowed him to owe him any debts. Absolutely not!