Majestic Desert Splendor
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3477: Final stop

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Ling Han’s words successfully caused the expressions of the four members of the Demon Race and Hong Tianbu to change drastically.

Princess Bixiao was naturally angry. Who’s your dear?

Xiong Bao, Ying Pokong.and Hu Taifeng were all enraged. They all admired Princess Bixiao very much. Previously, when Princess Bixiao entered into the Imperial Capital for a political marriage, they were already filled with anger. Thankfully, this was only a temporary measure, and there was no Imperial Prince that was worthy of her.

However, after the scandalous news of Princess Bixiao and Ling Han spread out, they had also thought of killing Ling Han. However, this concerned the princess, so it was not up to them to make decisions. They could only suppress

it.

But now, Ling Han actually dared to tease Princess Bixiao right in front of them. How could they tolerate this?

Even Hong Tianbu’s eyes were cold and sinister. At first, he had not taken

Princess Bixiao seriously, but after Princess Bixiao burst out with the strength of Mystery Realm Tier, his heart throbbed wildly.

This was a woman that was worthy of him!

Only Hu Er remained silent. He merely looked at Ling Han’s face, and then looked at Princess Bixiao’s face, as if he had come to a realization.

“Ling Han, don’t spout nonsense!” Princess Bixiao said through gritted teeth.

“Bixiao darling, could it be that you have forgotten the great oath between us?” Ling Han said, pretending to be aggrieved.

Who made any kind of oath with you?

Princess Bixiao was quite furious. In front of others, she could always maintain a calm and composed demeanor, but when faced with Ling Han, it was very easy for her to lose control.

“B-b@stard!” she said angrily.

Her appearance was captivating, and even if she was gritting her teeth and cursing, she was still extremely graceful. In the eyes of others, this was actually not much different from acting spoiled.

Oh no, their princess had fallen for him.

Xiong Bao, Ying Pokong, and Hu Taifeng all shook their heads, their expressions plaintive.

Hong Tianbu humphed, “Ling Han, you are seeking death!” He moved aggressively, grabbing out at Ling Han.

When this attack arrived, Ling Han did not receive any hint. In this place, it seemed like he could only battle with his own abilities. The formation would no longer suppress the cultivation level of elites.

Use Absolute Fairness?

Shua, a figure flashed, and there was already a person standing in front of Ling Han. He delivered a palm strike towards Hong Tianbu, helping Ling Han dispel this move.

Hu Er.

Peng, the two of them exchanged a blow, and both of them took a few steps back. They were actually evenly matched.

Ling Han’s eyes involuntarily narrowed. Could it be that Hong Tianbu had advanced into Mystery Realm Tier?

Hu Er was known as the number one prodigy of the Demon Race, and added with the cultivation level of Mystery Realm Tier, who in the Enlightenment Tier could fight him to a tie?

“You dare to stop me?” Hong Tianbu asked coldly.

Princess Bixiao also rebuked, “Hu Er, why did you save him?”

Hu Er was still calm, as if he would not be moved by anything. He said, “If I want to make a move, I will. Who do I have to report to?

“Fine, then hand over your life!” Hong Tianbu attacked again. However, this time, his target was Hu Er. He sent out a palm strike, and an endless primal aura circulated. Vicious might spread out in all directions, as if he had turned into a Primitive Age monster.

Hu Er’s figure moved, and began a fierce battle with Hong Tianbu.

He was indeed worthy of being the number one prodigy of the Demon Race. It looked like a casual move, but its might was endless. He was not at a disadvantage at all in a clash with Hong Tianbu.

Ling Han was stunned upon seeing this.

Hong Tianbu was really a freak. He was obviously one major tier lower in terms of cultivation level, but his battle prowess was extremely terrifying. Against an elite like Hu Er, he was not at a disadvantage at all.

How could he be so strong?

That eye of the Primordial Beast! Ne/w novel chapt𝒆rs are published on no/vel(/bin(.)co/m

Ling Han immediately thought. He activated his ocular technique, yet shockingly discovered that he no longer saw the existence of that eye.

Hong Tianbu had abandoned it?

Impossible!

Ling Han shook his head. There was only one possibility, and that was Hong Tianbu had completely fused with this vicious eye. Thus, his battle prowess had soared, and he was still undefeated even in a battle against an opponent who had surpassed him by a major cultivation level!

Ling Han could only become invincible after advancing into the Seventh Change. If he couldn’t break through the limit of the Extreme Bone Tier, then after he advanced into the Inscription Tier, perhaps he could only remain invincible against an opponent that surpassed him by a major tier.

In Inscription Tier, he was still unable to break through the limit, so his battle prowess would drop to the level that he could just barely battle an opponent surpassing him by a major tier.

Hong Tianbu was an Enlightenment Tier elite, and before this, he definitely hadn’t cultivated the Seventh Change, Seventh Extreme, Seven Inscriptions, and so on. However, he possessed the ability to surpass the cultivation level of a major tier and not be defeated, which proved that the eye of this Primordial Beast was truly terrifying.

However, Ling Han had always believed that relying on external items was definitely not the way to go. Hong Tianbu looked mighty now, but he would definitely have to pay a price for this in future.

Hu Er was calm and composed. No matter how many ultimate moves Hong Tianbu used, he would always use the simplest moves to disperse them, appearing to be very much at ease. As for his true strength, it was completely impossible to estimate.

Hong Tianbu stopped fighting on his own volition. He naturally still had a powerful trump card that he had yet to use, but it looked like Hu Er was the same as well. Thus, he did not want to continue fighting pointlessly like this.

“There will ultimately be a battle between us!” he stated calmly, meaning that with the nine of them competing for the position of Young Dragon, it was inevitable that they would have an ultimate battle.

In Hong Tianbu’s eyes, only Hu Er was worthy of being his opponent.

Hu Er’s expression was calm, and he didn’t show any sympathy or delight. He was completely expressionless, but there was no need to doubt that even if he was expressionless, he would still be able to capture the hearts of countless women, regardless of age.

“Let’s enter the palace.” Princess Bixiao glared harshly at Ling Han. This was all his fault.

Ling Han returned a dazzling smile to her. Who asked this princess of the Demon Race to be trapped in her own trap, and insist on creating rumors of an ambiguous relationship between the two of them?

They arrived at the doors of the palace, and saw that the doors were tightly shut. There were nine golems at the doors, and they were as tall as five people. They looked majestic, and had an indescribable pressure.

Ling Han stretched out a hand to touch the golem, and instantly, a pile of information was received in his mind.

Firstly, if one wanted to enter the palace, they had to enter a golem and use the golem as their armor. Otherwise, with the deathly light shining from the palace, anyone below Celestial Path, even Mystery Realm Tier elites could only die on the spot.

Secondly, the basic battle prowess of the golems were all the same, but under the influence of the owner’s tier surpassing battle prowess, the stronger the owner’s tier surpassing battle prowess was, the stronger the golem’s battle prowess would be.

Whoever could be the first to charge into the depths of the palace would be able to obtain the first place in the Young Dragon Trial, receive a reward, and be bestowed the title of Young Dragon.

The nine of them had emerged victorious, and in future, they would all be able to participate in the True Dragon Trial, but being able to gain the title of Young Dragon would be considerably beneficial in the True Dragon Trial. As for the exact details, they would only know in future.

Additionally, it was forbidden to kill each other here, or one would be disqualified.

The other eight people received the information at about the same time, and almost no one hesitated, fusing with the golem one after another.

“Ha!” The golem that Xiong Bao had fused with was the first to move. As it ran, it was about to throw a punch at the stone door, but he had just taken a few steps, when he stumbled and fell onto the ground, as if he was an infant that had just learnt to walk.

From a certain aspect, they were indeed infants.

Ling Han also fused into the golem, but he would not immediately enter into the palace. Instead, he had to first break through to Seventh Extreme..