Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3478: Compatibility

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

The basic battle prowess of the golems was the same. In other words, whether they were Mystery Realm Tier or Extreme Bone Tier, there wouldn’t be much difference in power after fusing with the golems.

The difference lay in their own tier surpassing battle prowess. The higher the value of their strength, the greater the golem’s power.

Ling Han first had to get used to every move after fusing with the golem. This was called compatibility. It was like a person riding a horse, and if he didn’t get a good compatibility with the horse, he would very easily fall off the horse. No matter how fast the horse was, could it run?

Moreover, he had not entered into the palace anyways, and there was no death-light. Furthermore, he could only cultivate for half an hour a day, so he was completely in no rush.

It was unknown what material this golem was made of. When his body touched it, the rock was like water, soft and without force. His whole person sank in.

He entered into the golem’s interior, and his whole body was wrapped in a 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

layer of soft and extremely elastic matter.

His eyes couldn’t see anything, but after releasing his divine sense, everything

in his surroundings was immediately absorbed into his mind.

Ling Han raised his foot, and the golem instantly raised its foot as well. Peng, the ground trembled from the impact, and the golem immediately slanted, almost losing its balance and falling onto the ground.

The present him was like an infant learning to walk.

However, he was not a real infant, after all, so he very quickly adapted to this kind of rhythm, and began walking steadily.

He tried to throw a punch. Hong, the golem also clenched its fist and threw out a punch, fierce and powerful, but its power wasn’t very strong, at most tens of thousands of kilograms.

Ling Han tried to channel the Demonic Monkey Fists again, and the golem immediately started to fight crookedly. Though it looked a little similar, it was completely unable to unleash the true might of the Demonic Monkey Fists.

He used the Lightning Fist Technique, and it was the same as well. It only had the form, but did not have the spirit. There was absolutely no way that he could unleash the speed of the Lightning Fist Technique.

Spiritual Power didn’t work either, and he couldn’t communicate with high-level energy.

This time, it was equivalent to his strength falling to rock bottom. Whether it was the martial arts techniques, Spiritual Power, or Spirit Tool, they were all completely useless.

What he needed to develop now was the battle prowess of the golem.

To enter the palace, one first had to open the palace doors. Those like Xiong Bao and Hu Taifeng had already pushed open the doors, but the golems were massive, and could not allow two people to stand side by side at all. They could only do it one by one.

However, no matter how hard the two of them tried, they were still unable to open the stone door.

They couldn’t even enter, so how could they compete for the first place? Their power was all limited, and they could only use the golem’s own abilities.

Thus, it wasn’t that the golem’s power wasn’t enough to open the door, but rather that their compatibility with the golem wasn’t high enough.

Just like how the golem’s basic power was 50,000kg, they could only unleash 15,000 or 20,000kg now, so it was naturally not powerful enough.

This was very natural. At the beginning, it was difficult for them to even let the golem walk normally, so it was naturally even more difficult to let the golem’s power be fully unleashed, and this belonged to the category of advanced abilities.

Thus, the nine of them commanded the golem to continuously kick and punch, increasing their compatibility as soon as possible.

At night, they did not sleep either. None of them wanted to waste any time. On the morning of the second day, Ling Han exited the stone golem and started to cultivate.

Unexpectedly, he was not the only one. Wu Lidong, Hong Tianbu and Hu Er were all cultivating in the face of the rising sun. Obviously, none of them had cultivated their current cultivation level to the peak stage, so there was still room for improvement.

Ling Han sensed for a while, and discovered that the speed at which Hong Tianbu and Hu Er extracted the power of heaven and earth was frighteningly fast. Obviously, these two people had deciphered the secrets of the mural and obtained the inheritance.

Hong Tianbu could do this, probably because he had fused with the eye of a Primordial Beast, so he could see things that normal people couldn’t.

But what about Hu Er?

Could it be that he had also cultivated an eye technique?

Ling Han suppressed this doubt in his heart. Half an hour later, he once again entered into the golem, and continued to improve his compatibility.

“Compatibility, 50%.”

in the afternoon, a voice rang out in Ling Han’s mind. It was incredibly cold.

This was… the golem talking to him?

It was not very accurate to call it a conversation. It had only transmitted a message to him.

As it turned out, he had just attained 50% compatibility.

Ling Han tried to push open the doors, and this time, there was immediately feedback. “You have to reach more than 90% compatibility level to be able to open the doors. Only when you reach 100% compatibility level, would your own basic attributes be added onto your body.”

Fine, it was quite complicated.

Ling Han continued to improve his compatibility. He discovered that in this process, he had gained a new understanding of the word “foundation”.

He had always thought that he had already perfected his foundations, and this was indeed the case, but in the most basic of punches and palm strikes, he had overlooked it.

This could not be blamed on him, because when force could be released, no matter what technique it was, it would no longer be limited to form. In any case, he only had to throw a punch, and the power would be delivered. It was a contest of whose power was stronger, and who could stimulate more energy from the higher levels.

But now he felt that he had been wrong. Foundations definitely could not be overlooked. In a clash of equal strength, perhaps, it was because whoever had the better foundations, that would lead to the final victory.

This trial was very interesting. It would never take the initiative to tell you what you should do. It was all up to you to comprehend things.

Ling Han nodded, no longer feeling that it was boring. Instead, he was relishing it.

In this day, his compatibility had reached 60%. It had only increased by 10%, which was far from the efficiency of the first day.

Starting from zero, the improvement was naturally the greatest, and Ling Han did not take it to heart.

Early the next morning, he continued to cultivate.

Everyone seemed to know that one had to reach more than 90% compatibility to be able to push open the palace doors, so they were all training with all their might.

Very quickly, three days had passed.

Though Ling Han had not brought the Essence Nurturing Gourd with him, Spatial Spirit Tools were not affected. Thus, he still had something to eat, and did not have to worry about being hungry.

His compatibility had finally increased to 90%, and what delighted him even more was the fact that he had already reached the peak stage of Sixth Extreme.

Brother Monkey Cultivation Technique, the supplementary cultivation technique on the stone wall, and the recovery of the heaven and earth environment were all at the right place and right time, creating such a miracle.

Ling Han began to break through to the Seventh Extreme.

However, he did not have the slightest idea.

Although in everu 10,000 Inscription Tier elites, perhaps only 10 or 20 of them had reached Sixth Extreme before. However, this was traceable, at least. However, Seventh Extreme hadn’t even existed in legends.

He didn’t even know if this cultivation level existed.

Ling Han hadn’t known aboutSeventh Change before. After breaking through to Sixth Change, the Power of Dimension in his body suddenly unleashed its might, helping him advance into Seventh Change.

Thus, Ling Han didn’t know whether or not he had reached the level of Seventh Extreme.

However, no matter what, he still had to ponder over it repeatedly. If he missed this level, his path of cultivation would not be perfect.

Ling Han stimulated the Power of Dimension in his body. In the past, he had relied on this to leap into Seventh Change, and now, this should also be the key.

However, no matter how hard he tried, the bones in his body had reached the pinnacle after the Sixth Change, and no matter what, he could not shed the slightest bit of bone scraps.

It was possible to break through the shackles, but it would not be the metamorphosis of the bones, but rather the organs in the body. This meant that Ling Han had to advance into Inscription Tier.

This did not match Ling Han’s ideas..