Colorful Balloons Take Flight
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3479: Taking a Risk

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Time passed quietly, and everyone’s compatibility with the golem was increasing.

Though the higher the compatibility level, the harder it would be to improve further, 90% compatibility could still be easily touched.

Two days later, Hong Tianbu was the first to push open the palace doors.

Ka, ka, ka! A loud bang was heard from the palace doors, and they opened.

Even with the massive figure of the golem blocking him, Ling Han could still see the dazzling light flickering within.

Was this the light of death? They would die from just having this light shine on them?

Who dared to test it out with their physical body?

This was taking a risk with his life.

Hong Tianbu entered without hesitation. Peng, peng, peng! The golem heavily stomped on the ground, creating a loud noise.

When he entered, the palace doors were closed off, and his speed was extremely fast. Even if someone wanted to take advantage of this opening to sneak in, it would be impossible.

However, after only a while, Hu Er walked forwards and easily pushed open the palace doors.

Ling Han “saw” it, and his eyes involuntarily narrowed.

On the surface, Hu Er’s progress was slower than Hong Tianbu’s, but when he pushed open the doors, he was very relaxed. What did this mean?

His compatibility with the golem should have exceeded 90%!

This number one prodigy of the Demon Race really could not be underestimated. Re𝒂𝒂d the latest stories 𝒐n nov𝒆lbin(.)com

Another while later, Princess Bixiao also walked forwards, and pushed open the stone door to enter. She similarly entered very easily.

However, the fourth person to enter the palace was beyond Ling Han’s expectations. It was actually that incredibly sturdy Mei Hua.

From the looks of her, she seemed to be very foolish, and her comprehension ability was actually so high?

On this day, four people entered, and by the second day, the remaining four had reached 90% compatibility, one after another. They pushed open the doors and entered.

Only Ling Han was left.

Actually, he had long since reached 100% compatibility, but if he did not break through to Seventh Change, he did not want to enter.

What to do?

He did not have much time to waste. Though there would definitely be fierce competition among the eight of them when they entered into the palace, and it would definitely not be smooth sailing, but as time passed, there would definitely be someone who would emerge victorious.

Ling Han thought for a moment, then decided to give himself three days. If he didn’t break through in three days, he could only go in. Worse come to worst, he would not break through to Inscription Tier first. He definitely had to build his cultivation level to perfection as much as possible.

He continued to adapt to the golem’s battle rhythm, and after reaching 100% compatibility, Ling Han’s own attributes would be added onto the golem. Thus, his power now broke through 50,000kg, and was about 75,000.

Going by the look of things, though there was a very big gap between each person’s tier surpassing battle prowess, when it was reflected on the rock golem, the gap had shrunk considerably.

Even with how freakish he was, he had only increased his base power by 50%.

A day passed very quickly, and Ling Han still did not have the slightest idea.

He became even more anxious, and circled around the entrance of the palace.

When the sun rose on the second day, Ling Han’s eyes became serious. He decided to take the risk.

In the eyes of many, breaking through to Sixth Extreme was already good enough, but it only allowed him to go from being invincible surpassing a major tier to being undefeatable surpassing one major tier, which was still very awesome.

However, for Ling Han, it was unacceptable that he hadn’t climbed the tallest mountain.

How could he take the risk?

Actually, this was also a flash of inspiration from Ling Han. Since he had torn apart the shackles again, and inscribed the inscriptions on his internal organs, then couldn’t he take the initiative to shatter the bones, and from there, stimulate the shattering of the shackles?

This was indeed a risk, because this might not work, but the damage done to himself was real and solid.

However, Ling Han was someone who loved to take risks.

He would give it his all!

He sat down in a cross-legged position, and began to take the initiative to slice off the bone scraps, playing out the breakthrough of Extreme Bone Tier.

Ah, it hurts, it hurts!

Using his mystical power like a blade, he scraped over the bones. He had indeed scraped off a little bone scrap, but an incomparable pain immediately surged over.

He gritted his teeth, and immediately stopped.

In the past, when he broke through, the process of “scratching bones” would happen on its own, and there was no need for him to stimulate it. Thus, it was painful, but he could endure it.

But now? It was clearly so heart-wrenchingly painful, yet he still had to initiate it?

Just like how one would feel pain when being cut by a saber, his hand would naturally stop, so how could he still be ruthless?

Even if he could make a cut, he would still have to make another cut, and what about the third, the fourth?

This was extremely difficult!

Ling Han’s fighting spirit was reignited. If it wasn’t difficult, how could he have never heard of the legend of Seventh Extreme?

Precisely because of this, only after advancing into Seventh Extreme would one experience an earth-shattering change.

Again!

Ling Han stimulated the mystical power again, slicing at his bones.

However, even though cold sweat was pouring down his forehead, he didn’t feel any signs of his level of being rising.

Could it be that the level of Seventh Extreme really did not exist?

Ling Han refused to believe this. Just because Seventh Extreme was practically impossible to realize, there were no rumors about Seventh Extreme in this world. If he gave up now, what difference would there be between him and a mediocre commoner?

It was precisely because it unreal that, once hebroke through, the battle prowess he obtained would naturally be powerful enough to strike the heavens.

By the looks of it, he hadn’t been cruel enough to himself!

Ling Han gritted his teeth. He decided to go all out.

Crushing his own bones!

‘Come!’

Ling Han had always been a crazy person when it came to cultivation. There was light bursting from his eyes, and his mystical power channelled, beginning to shatter his own bones.

Seventh Change, a qualitative change that was like a complete transformation, then he would shatter all old things, and usher in a new beginning.

Of course, Ling Han wasn’t crazy, because even if he failed, as long as he fused with the golem, his battle prowess wouldn’t be affected.

Pa, pa, pa! Ling Han’s bones continued to fracture, and he couldn’t even maintain his cross-legged posture anymore. He collapsed to the ground like a sheet of loose sand.

Should he continue?

Continue!

Ling Han gritted his teeth, and continued to shatter his broken bones. He broke them in half to quarters, from quarters to eighths, but there was still no change to his level of being.

This was enough to strike a blow and drive him to despair, right?

However, Ling Han didn’t think so. He believed that in history, there must have been countless prodigies and lunatics that attempted to break through to the Seventh Extreme. Hadn’t they thought of this move before?

Again! Again! Again!

Ling Han became even more frenzied. He began to grind his bones, and instantly, he felt the approach of death.

Humans could not be boneless. The bones supported the most basic form of the body, and even these bones had all turned into dust. Was he still human?

Ling Han used his mystical power to simulate his bones, supported his body shape, and continued the process of shattering his bones.

He was sure that the majority of people in history had been intimidated at this point. This was for the sake of pursuing the strongest, and not courting death. And there were some that had continued, yet died.

Thus, he had to think of another way.

A thought flashed in Ling Han’s head. He began to stimulate the Power of Dimension in his body.

As his will circulated, it instantly affected all the living beings on those dimensions.

In this inner world, Ling Han was the ruler.

The millions and millions of living beings all responded in unison, exuding a weak willpower towards him. It seemed to be cheering him on, but also seemed to be boosting him with some kind of power. In fact, it could even be considered a blessing.

A miraculous scene finally appeared. On his broken bones, there was a glimmer of light, and the improvement of his level of being finally came slowly.

Seventh Extreme, begin!