Fitness Fun in the Park
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3485: Seventh Baby is Missing bender

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor. Henyee Translations

Ling Han didnt follow up with another attack. Instead, he stopped in his tracks, and with a light shake of the battle hammer in his hand, he asked with a smile, Why did you run?

Ma Lirongs face alternated between red and green, yet he could not speak.

Could it be that he could say that it was unfair for Ling Han to use a high-level Tool?

He had the advantage of two major tiers, and this was the greatest injustice. As long as he still had some face, how could he bring himself to criticize him?

But it was the truth he had rolled on the ground, and he could not quibble.

To roll around in front of a measly Extreme Bone Tier cultivator and dodge an attack, how could he endure such embarrassment? 𝒩eew updates 𝒂t n𝒐vel/bi𝒏(.)com

Not only was his face flushed red, his face was practically about to be slapped swollen.

He stared at Ling Han, feeling humiliated and angered, but was also filled with covetousness. This brat was practically a treasure chamber.

He definitely had to capture him!

He took a deep breath, and threw away all his pride. Real benefits were the

most important.

Ling Han saw this, and couldnt help but smile, Looks like youre planning to be shameless?

The more you speak now, the more painful it will be later! Ma Lirong said coldly.

He swore that he would not kill Ling Han so easily, but would use all means at his disposal to make Ling Han suffer a fate worse than death.

Ling Han smiled slightly, and took out the Heavenly Pattern Jade.

He was confident that with his present strength, he was completely capable of matching Ma Lirong, but if he wanted to defeat his opponent, he would definitely need to spend a lot of time.

Now, he did not have the time to waste. He had to quickly find the seven babies. Who knew how much trouble they would cause if there was no one to take care of these seven little kids.

He was astonished to discover that the Heavenly Pattern Jade, which originally needed five seconds to be suppressed to 1.4 kilograms, now only needed three seconds, and this wasnt the limit.

Dont say that I didnt give you a chance. If you castrate yourself now, I can still spare your lives, Ling Han said with a smile as he continued to compress the Heavenly Pattern Jade.

Reckless fool! Ma Lirong charged out. He no longer wanted to listen to Ling Hans words, and only wanted to hear the latter groan in pain.

Ling Han moved, throwing out the Heavenly Pattern Jade. Its original speed reached 6.5 times the speed of sound, and with Spiritual Power, it increased the speed of sound by another 3.5 times.

Ten times the speed of sound!

Ma Li Rong instantly looked shocked. In the situation of a head-on collision, how could he possibly dodge an attack that was ten times the speed of sound?

He forcibly raised his hand to block. He touched a bit of the Heavenly Pattern Jade, but it was completely useless.

A heavy object weighing 50,000kg was hurtling over at ten times the speed of sound. To say nothing of Enlightenment Tier, even Mystery Realm Tier elites would be in trouble! Moreover, the Heavenly Pattern Jade was a Two Star material, and it was so small in size, so how terrifying would its destructive power be?

Peng, the Heavenly Pattern Jade blasted over, and Ma Lirong disappeared.

He turned into a mist of blood.

This!

Those four youngsters all had their mouths wide open, big enough to fit an egg, their eyeballs practically popping out of their heads.

Their Seventh Uncle, an elite of Enlightenment Tier, was killed just like that?

It was only one move.

Wuhu, just what kind of freak was this guy?

He was already dead, so Ling Han naturally couldnt even bother to give him another look. Instead, he turned his attention to the four young men.

I, I will castrate. A young man gritted his teeth, and suddenly drew his sword, slicing it towards his lower body.

Pu, with a flash of blood, there was also an additional item.

His face was pale, and he asked darkly, Is that fine now?

Ling Han was surprised. He had not thought that this young man would actually be so ruthless.

He asked, Whats your name?

Ma Feihong. This young man said.

Ling Han waved his hand, and said, You can leave now.

Ma Feihong turned around and left, fresh blood still dripping.

Unexpectedly, hed forced a ruthless character to appear, Ling Han thought, but he didnt kill him, to eliminate any chance of future troubles.

He had always been a man of his word.

The other three young men did not have that kind of courage. They all knelt down and kowtowed continuously. They were still very young, and had many years to live. What would they do without what made them men? Were they still men?

Ling Han initially wanted to kill them, but after some thought, he asked, Tell me about your origins.

He had a slight understanding of these forces that had suddenly appeared. He only knew that they had previously been trapped underground, and that place was called prison.

The three of them exchanged looks, but did not immediately speak

En? Ling Hans expression darkened.

Well talk! Well talk! Please dont kill us! The three of them immediately cowered, and hurriedly began to talk.

They had indeed come from the prison. This was a super-large formation that had trapped a great many elites for as long as two thousand years, until recently, when the formation loosened, and those with weak abilities like them were the first to escape.

The formation was mainly targeted at the strongest elites, and they could be considered small fish.

Ling Han was surprised, You guys are already over 2000 years old? How was this possible? How could an Extreme Bone Tier live for so long? -We werent imprisoned at the beginning, but were born there, the three people said honestly.

The people in the prison had been imprisoned for a long time, so there were naturally people who would do other things out of boredom. Thus, the population of this prison had also increased. For example, those that had just recently appeared, even if they were Foundation Building elites, they had only been born later, and were not the people that had been imprisoned in the first place.

That was because Foundation Building elites only had a lifespan of around a thousand years, at most, but could not last as long as two thousand years.

Ling Han asked for a long time, and when the three of them had nothing else to say, he delivered another palm strike, killing the three of them.

His expression was slightly solemn. In the underground prison, there were innumerable elites suppressed. If they were to appear, this heaven and earth would probably enter into a situation of various prodigies contending for hegemony.

Forget it, it was useless for him to think about this now. He had best go and find the babies.

Ling Han rose up again, but he must have a halo of trouble at this time. Not long after, he encountered another group of people, similarly coveting the treasures on him, demanding that he hand them over.

A battle was naturally inevitable. This time, his opponent had an elite at the peak stage of the Enlightenment Tier. Ling Han was no match for him, but when he used his movement technique, he possessed close to five times the speed of sound, so escaping was a piece of cake for him.

In any case, he didnt know where the seven babies were, so Ling Han circled around this place. He was sure that he would eventually come across them.

Second Baby was a clairvoyant.

Father! A day later, Ling Han suddenly heard a voice. Hearing the voice, he looked over, only to see five toddlers flying over.

A smile appeared on his face, and he asked, Have you guys caused any trouble these few days?

No! Six childish voices rang out at the same time.

Yi, why was there one less?

Ling Han counted, and Seventh Baby was missing.

Could it be that this girl liked to sleep, so she had been taken into the Essence Nurturing Gourd?

He asked, Wheres Seventh Baby?

Father, not good, not good! Seventh Baby has been snatched! Fourth Baby shouted.

Father, hurry up and save Seventh Baby! Fifth Baby also shouted.

In comparison, the other three kids were much calmer. In any case, Sixth Baby was invisible, so he couldnt see what she looked like.

Ling Han looked at the expressions of Eldest Baby and the others, and knew that they were all very calm.. Thus, he was not in a rush either, and asked with a smile, Tell me slowly, whats going on?

Read atest chapters at fr(e)eweb Only