Urban Oasis
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3486: Standing up for injustice

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

Father, once we left the Mystery Realm, we started looking for you.

But as we walked, we encountered a fierce, ruthless, and ugly woman, who

was determined to capture us.

That ugly woman has the strength of Enlightenment Tier, and were no match

for her. We could only flee.

We ran and ran. Seventh had a bout of drowsiness, so she lay down and fell

asleep.

Thus, Seventh was captured.

The children all spoke at once, but still explained the sequence of events

clearly.

What ugly woman? Ling Han asked.

Its that woman called Xin Rugou. Fourth Baby scrambled her brains for a moment, then finally clapped her hands.

Xin Ruyue.

Ling Hans eyes sharpened. This woman really did not know what was good for her. She had clearly lost to him in a bet, yet still wanted to capture the babies?

It was very simple. She definitely wanted to use the child as a hostage to force him to hand over the secret of the mural, or even the Three Styles of the God of

War.

Was she seeking death?

Father, dont worry. Seventh can absorb all power. Now, unless Celestial Path Tier-level elites make a move, no one can do anything to her, Eldest Baby consoled Ling Han.

Ling Han nodded. Merely in terms of ability, Seventh Baby should be the most kickass of all the babies, but why did she have the habit of sleeping? Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

He didnt need to worry about the safety of Seventh Baby, but as a father, he naturally had to find his child.

All right, lets go find that ugly woman, he said.

Beat her to death! Eldest Baby said fiercely.

Her breasts are so big, so ugly, Third Baby said disdainfully.

Thats right, ugly! Fourth Baby and Fifth Baby said at the same time.

Second Baby, find them, Ling Han said to Second Baby.

Second Baby nodded, and activated her ocular technique to begin her search.

After a while, she pointed in a direction, and said, There.

Lets go.

Ling Han set off with the six toddlers, heading in the direction that Second

Baby had specified.

After walking for a while, they arrived at the side of a pool. They saw that Xin Ruyue was presently seated on a rock, while Seventh Baby was tied to a thick tree branch, and propped up above a woodpile. freewebn(o)vel

Seventh Baby did not know her own situation at all, and was currently snoring loudly. Her small mouth was still smacking, as if she had dreamed of some delicacy.

Ling Hans killing intent involuntarily overflowed. Though he knew that the Seventh Baby would not be affected by any power, Xin Ruyue clearly wanted to grill Seventh Baby as a threat against him. Her intentions were too vicious.

What did this little girl do to you? Such a small, adorable child, and you actually dared to make a move on her? Just what was your heart made of?

Brother Ling, Ive been waiting for you for a long time. Xin Ruyue had naturally discovered Ling Hans presence as well. She was an Enlightenment Tier elite, and furthermore, possessed battle prowess that could suppress her peers.

Ling Han smiled calmly and said, Thank you for taking care of my seventh child during this time, Miss Xin. I dont need to trouble you now. Hehe, this little girl is very cute. I want to stay with her for a few more days, Xin Ruyue said with a smile, her pretty face like a flower.

Yet Ling Han only saw her ugliness, and said calmly, Lady Xin seems to have forgotten something. 1 won a bet against you, so dont you still owe me a cultivation technique?

Is that so? Xin Ruyue pretended to be surprised. She raised a piece of wood and stimulated a high-level flame energy. Boom! The wood immediately started to burn.

This was a blatant threat.

By the looks of it, this woman couldnt hold back any longer.

Ling Han didnt plan to feign civility anymore. Seventh Baby could absorb all power, and those below Celestial Path wouldnt be able to hurt her at all.

Stop! A soft exclamation rang out, and a figure streaked down, her skirts fluttering in the wind, her graceful figure graceful.

This was a supreme beauty. In comparison, Xin Ruyues beauty instantly paled

in comparison.

It was actually Princess Bixiao.

Ling Han was surprised. Why had this princess of the Demon Race interfered? Dont you think youre shameless? Youre actually using such a young child as a threat! Princess Bixiao chided. She didnt hide her dislike for Xin Ruyue at all.

Xin Ruyue faltered upon hearing this. Where had this person popped out from? Does it have anything to do with you? Who are you? Can you not be so full of righteousness?

And who are you? she asked Princess Bixiao coldly.

Dont worry about who I am, hand over the child immediately! Princess

Bixiaos expression became stern.

Ling Han looked at the six toddlers. Why had they suddenly become the outsiders here?

The six toddlers all spread their hands towards him. They too could not make heads or tails of the situation.

Xin Ruyue humphed, and said, Fine, I dont care who you are. If you want me to release this little girl, fine, but make Ling Han hand over what I want!

Princess Bixiao frowned, and said, The enmity between you and Ling Han can be resolved with him. Dont vent your anger on innocent children! Yi, he really had not expected that this princess of the Demon Race would actually have the traits of a saint?

Xin Ruyue laughed loudly, You are really too naive! Forget it, I will not waste any more time with you. She looked towards Ling Han, and said loudly, I will give you three minutes time. Either hand over the mural cultivation technique and the Young Dragon Inheritance that you have obtained, or watch me kill this little girl!

Im warning you, dont come close. I know that you have a formation that can suppress your opponents cultivation level.

Meanwhile, Ling Han smiled, and said to Princess Bixiao, If Your Highness wants to make a move, there is no need to be reserved. Please.

Princess Bixiao faltered for a moment. Cant you see that there is still a hostage in her hands?

As the adult here, whats wrong with you? You actually dont care about the child at all?

She couldnt help but feel angry, and felt that Ling Han was really cold-blooded.

Ling Han walked forwards. Though it was impossible for Seventh Baby to be injured, he could not allow her to stay in the hands of a female villain. Xin Ruyue frowned upon seeing Ling Han approach. She hadnt expected that Ling Han would be completely unconcerned about this child. She humphed and lowered the torch, saying, Ling Han, are you trying to kill her?

Ling Han had not spoken yet, when he saw that Princess Bixiao had already stepped in front of him.

Hey, hey, hey, dont block the way, all right? Ling Han said.

Princess Bixiao humphed, and said, Im not as cold-blooded as you! Dont interfere in this matter, step back! She used the might of a princess, and added with the aura of a Mystery Realm Tier, she was extremely shocking. However, this did not have the slightest effect on Ling Han. He suddenly moved, and suddenly sped up, avoiding Princess Bixiao and charging towards Xin Ruyue.

Ling Han! Princess Bixiao shouted. She hurriedly caught up to Ling Han.

Xin Ruyue couldnt help but sneer upon seeing this. She tossed the torch over. Boom! The entire bonfire instantly started to burn. bender

She knew that Ling Han had Absolute Fairness, and immediately withdrew herself and retreated rapidly. She sent out another palm strike in midair, intending to kill Seventh Baby.

You dare! Princess Bixiao flew into a thunderous rage.

Peng, the bonfire was sent flying, and Seventh Baby was also sent flying.

Ling Han scuttled over and caught Seventh Baby in a single move. Then, he threw her at Eldest Baby and the others.

Princess Bixiao glanced over, and couldnt help but feel surprised. Seventh Baby was still incredibly pink, and was still snoring loudly. To say nothing of being injured, not even a single strand of her hair was missing.

This!

Ling Han laughed loudly, My child is naturally different from the rest. Princess Bixiao was rendered speechless. Only now did she realize that she had wrongly blamed Ling Han previously. It was not that Ling Han did not care about the child, but rather that this child was too strange. She was actually unharmed by external forces..

This chapter is updatd by f(r)eeweb