Winter Wonderland
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3488: A storm is brewing

Translator: Henyee Translations | Editor: Henyee Translations

Xin Ruyue was struggling at death’s door. After all, she was the disciple of a

True Lord, and in a moment of desperation, her battle prowess was naturally not to be underestimated.

Ling Han humphed. He channeled the Three Styles of the God of War.

At this moment, it was as if he had become the center of heaven and earth,

with boundless energy surging over.

Unfortunately, this energy could not be converted for his own use. It was like heaven and earth had lent it to him, and he immediately had to return it.

Ling Han felt as if all the bones in his body were cracking. He had borne too much power, and was like a barrel of gunpowder that could explode at any moment.

He couldn’t hold on any longer.

He roared furiously, and charged towards Xin Ruyue. The Three Styles of God

of War also poured out.

With this move, it was as if even heaven and earth had paled in comparison.

Princess Bixiao also paled in shock. An Extreme Bone Tier could unleash such a terrifying killing move?

Without relying on external items, and completely relying on his own power to explode?

Heavens!

Even she was exclaiming in shock, what more Xin Xin Xingyue.

She could not meet this head-on. If she did, she would definitely die!

She hurriedly dodged, but Ling Han immediately shot out the Second Style of the God of War. His spirit had firmly locked onto her, and it was as if the heaven and earth were also becoming her enemy. Even the air that could not be touched at all had become as hard as iron.

Xin Ruyue’s figure became incredibly slow, so how could she dodge?

She could only raise her spear to counter.

Ling Han’s punch arrived. Peng! A terrifying power exploded, and Xin Ruyue’s whip-spear instantly flew out of her hands. The web between her thumb and forefinger cracked, and blood sprayed through the air. At the same time, she was also sent flying, blood spraying from her mouth, transforming into a rainbow.

Endless power was raging in his body, and Ling Han couldn’t stop at all. He could only use the Third Style of the God of War.

Boom, this strike was even fiercer, as if the power of the first two styles had been fused together, capable of arranging mountains and overturning seas. Fôllôw 𝒏ew stories at n𝒐/v(e)lb/in(.)com

At this moment, it was as if Ling Han was possessed by a god of war. With every step he took, the heaven and earth would also give him a boost of power, causing him to burst out at seven times the speed of sound all of a sudden. All the bones in his body were almost shattered. Thankfully, he had reached Seventh Extreme, or he would definitely not be able to hold on.

He caught up to Xin Ruyue in a single step, and blasted the Third Style of the God of War onto her.

Pu! Xin Ruyue forcefully pushed her palm forward to parry his strike. However, she was unable to block his strike at all, and she was directly obliterated.

A dignified elite of Enlightenment Tier was actually beaten to burst by an Extreme Bone Tier cultivator?

When Princess Bixiao saw this, she was also incredibly stunned.

Just now, she had felt that Ling Han seemed to have fused with the heaven and earth, and thus could borrow power from the heaven and earth to deliver power that far surpassed the Extreme Bone Tier.

Was this the Young Dragon Inheritance that he had obtained?

This was really too shocking.

Ling Han breathed a sigh of relief. Channeling the Three Styles of the God of War had almost taken his life. The burden was really too heavy. No wonder he could only use it once.

He smiled at Princess Bixiao, and said, “Bixiao, my little love, you’re finally on

the same side as me?”

“B@stard, don’t spout nonsense!” Princess Bixiao immediately sent out a palm strike.

Once Ling Han said these words, he began to retreat. At present, he was still no match for Mystery Realm Tier.

“All right, all right, all right. Your Imperial Highness is upright and righteous, and has no tolerance for faults. I am utterly impressed,” Ling Han spouted nonsense as he ran off with his seven toddlers.

Fortunately, Princess Bixiao didn’t catch up to him.

After walking for a while, this princess of the Demon Race could no longer be

seen.

Ling Han brought the babies back to the Imperial City. Unfortunately, he did not have a Flight Spirit Tool, so he could only run back with his legs. His speed was not slow, but he could not rest.

As they walked, Ling Han mulled over all the information he knew about the prison.

Those people from the Ma Clan only knew that the prison had existed for over two thousand years, but did not know who had built the prison in the first place.

In this prison, there were innumerable Celestial Path elites. In truth, it was them that had been suppressed in the past. However, after too much time had passed, even more people had been “created”, and with how long 2000 years was, it was enough to produce a great many generations.

In the prison, Celestial Path elites were divided into a total of five levels.

The lowest level was the Foundation Building Tier. Above the Foundation Building Tier was the Cauldron Forging Tier, and above Cauldron Forging Tier was Core Formation Tier. Above Core Formation Tier was the Spiritual Infant Tier, and above the Spiritual Infant Tier was the Spirit Transformation Tier. For example, Xin Ruyue’s master, Primordial True Lord, was an elite of the Spirit Transformation Tier. The power he possessed was world-shaking, and he could flatten mountains and seas with a single thought, which was incredibly terrifying.

Ling Han couldn’t help but think, ‘Who built this prison? To be able to suppress even a Spiritual Transformation Tier elite, just how powerful was it?’

Furthermore, why not just kill him directly?

In terms of timeline, more than 2000 years ago just happened to be the destruction of the civilization of the last generation, so was there any relation between the two?

Could the people in the prison… be survivors from the last generation of civilization?

Unfortunately, the level of those few people from the Ma Clan was really too low, so their knowledge was limited.

In truth, the Foundation Building Tier cultivators that had been imprisoned there had all died long ago. In fact, almost all of the elites in the Cauldron Forging Tier had died. Thus, only those at the level of the Core Formation Tier would know the truth of the matter.

The resuscitation of heaven and earth, the opening of the prison… what was the connection between these events?

In the Young Dragon Trial, there were corpses of ancient people roaming around, suppressed by the stone statue, so what relation was there?

Ling Han thought for a long time, but still shook his head. Unless he could capture a Core Formation Tier cultivator for interrogation, but how far was he from the Core Formation Tier now?

He was very far.

Forget it. The truth would eventually come to light.

Ling Han rushed back to the Imperial City, and began to search for Treasured Fruits of Life.

His current rate of cultivation was like he had a cheat code, and the only restriction was the Treasured Fruit of Life – without the Treasured Fruit of Life, alchemical pills and treasure fluids that could replenish life force would do as well.

However, as the elites in the prison continued to appear, the original Forbidden Lands in the mountains were also occupied one after another. The chances of him wanting to sneak in, or directly barge in, and harvest the Treasured Fruit of Life were infinitesimally close to zero.

Even Sixth Baby’s concealment technique was useless in front of elites of Celestial Path.

These elites indeed could not use the Treasured Fruit of Life below Celestial Path, but how could it be that they did not have any clansmen, descendants, disciples or subordinates?

Ling Han could only search for it in the Imperial Capital first. It was said that the imperial Family also owned a massive Medicinal Garden, but he didn’t know if he could find a way to ask for a few.

However, a storm was already brewing in the Imperial Capital.

There was another Celestial Path elite that had entered into the Imperial Capital, and it was not a Foundation Building cultivator either, but one that was in Cauldron Forging Tier!

This kind of elite had no qualms. The moment he entered into the Imperial Capital, he had laid down such grand words, wanting to replace the Chen Clan. Now, it was up to who would be sensible, and would take the initiative to surrender to him. When he made a move, their only fate would be to be conquered.

Yet there was no movement from Chen Fengyan at all. It seemed like just like the Formation Spirit had said, as long as Celestial Path elites did not make a move, they could come and go as they pleased in the Imperial City. He, Chen Fengyan, had an open-minded heart that could accommodate the whole world. Indeed, that elite had not made a move all this while, nor did he need to. A Cauldron Forging Tier-level aura surged out, and even Mystery Realm Tiers could only kneel.

This elite’s surname was Fei, and his name was Fei Yongsi. He had brought three disciples with him. It was said that his eldest disciple was already a Mystery Realm Tier elite. His second disciple and third disciple were both Enlightenment Tier elites.

Aside from these three disciples of his, a dozen or so Foundation Building elites also followed Fei Yongsi into the Imperial Capital. All of a sudden, the Four Great Generals, Grand Tutor Hong, and the Council Chairman had all become matters of the past. Now, they had entered the great era of Celestial Path elites.

With so many elites gathered in the Imperial Capital, everyone could feel that storm was coming..