Energize and Prepare
0.00 / 0.00

Chapter 3491: Suspect

Translator: Henyee Translations Editor: Henyee Translations

You were defeated in three moves? Wang Yu couldnt help but feel surprised. He frowned slightly, Could it be that this is a Mystery Realm Tier?

Boss, there are only a limited number of Mystery Realm Tiers or people with Mystery Realm Tier-level battle prowess in the Dark North Nation, a young man said. His name was Pei Yunshu, and he had always considered himself an intelligent commander, So, if we investigate within this range, there should only be a few people.

Thats right. Ceng Ruixuan nodded, In a primitive place of martial arts like the Dark North Nation, there probably wont be more than ten elites with battle prowess of Mystery Realm Tier. It would be very easy to find them.

I think the most likely possibility is Hong Tianbu, Fan Taihe suddenly said.

Pei Yunshu nodded, and said, Though Hong Tianbu is only an Enlightenment Tier elite, he is a two-star genius, and possesses the battle prowess of Mystery Realm Tier.

In this backward place, there is actually a two-star genius? Ceng Ruixuan was stunned.bender

Thats right. Pei Yunshus expression was solemn, According to the information that I have gathered these few days, Hong Tianbu can battle an opponent on a higher cultivation level than himself, and has reached the standard of a two-star genius. In fact, I suspect that he has also grasped some kind of technique, and has reached the level of a three-star genius!

Another young man interrupted. His name was Xiang Teng, and he was also a Mystery Realm Tier. Although we often praise others as prodigies, those who can be crowned with stars definitely arent just empty boasts. Their numbers are as rare as phoenix feathers and unicorn horns.

Wang Yu nodded, Being able to be invincible among his peers, he can be called a one-star genius, being able to battle surpassing a major tier would be a two-star genius, and beng invincible surpassing a major tier is a three-star genius. Undefeated surpassing a major tier is a four-star genius.

Even from where we came out, there are pitifully few one-star geniuses, and there are even fewer two-star geniuses.

Yunshu, you actually said that Hong Tianbu is a two-star genius, and possibly even a three-star genius?

Pei Yunshu nodded slowly, Though I am not willing to admit it either, but from the information I have gathered, this should be confirmed without a doubt. He paused, and continued, I suspect that there is another four-star genius.

Ceng Ruixuan faltered for a moment, then laughed in spite of herself, Pei Yunshu, you are exaggerating, arent you? Even in the vast universe, four-star geniuses are still very rare. Only True Sons and Holy Daughters that are nurtured by the sects can possibly touch this level.

In a desolate land, not only did a three-star genius appear, but also a four-star genius, isnt that a little too laughable? Xiang Teng also said with a smile.

Pei Yunshu was not angered either, and said, Do you guys know that the person whom Im talking about, who is possibly a four-star genius, has just obtained the first place in the Young Dragon Trial, and he is only Extreme Bone Tier.

Ling Han? Wang Yu immediately asked.

Thats right.

Humph, I was just about to look for him. Wang Yu showed a hint of pride in his expression, Due to some reason, I was not able to go to the Young Dragon Trial. Since this brat has obtained the inheritance of the Young Dragon Trial, it would save me the trouble of making this trip.

Boss, it cant be that you want to enjoy the secret technique alone, right? Ceng Ruixuan immediately asked with a smile.

Wang Yu knocked on the table, and said, Since we are a family now, we naturally have to share. At first, he had not wanted to say this, but when he saw the anxious expressions on everyones faces, he knew that if he did not take a step back, this loose alliance would definitely collapse immediately.

Only then was everyone satisfied, and revealed a smile.

Lets ignore the Young Dragons inheritance first. In any case, it cant run away, Pei Yunshu said. Now that someone has sneak attacked us, this is a blatant provocation. We definitely cant tolerate it!

En, we must dig this person out!

Aside from Hong Tianbu, there is also the Eldest Imperial Prince. This person is an innate Divine Physique, and is also a Mystery Realm Tier.

Theres also the Seventh Imperial Prince. Although he keeps a low profile, according to my observations, this persons Spiritual Power is extremely powerful, and has already reached the Mystery Realm Tier.

All right, lets start with these three people. We must find the real culprit.

These second-generation young masters were completely unrestrained, immediately seeking out Hong Tianbu, the Eldest Imperial Prince and the Seventh Imperial Prince. Naturally, this caused a great commotion in the Imperial Capital.

You guys are too arrogant, arent you? This is the Imperial Capital, not your own home, where you can do whatever you like.

As the instigator, Ling Han, on the other hand, was leisurely and carefree.

He flipped through Bai Hongcais Spatial Spirit Tool. Aside from the three Treasured Fruits of Life inside, there was also a purple-gold mask that could be called a treasure. It had astonishing defensive effects, and could not be damaged even with a sharp weapon.

And after it was actively activated, it could form a purple-gold shield of light above ones head, protecting the whole head.

This was very good. Not only could it conceal ones appearance, it could also serve as protection.

Er, if Fan Taihe had this mask, he would not have been struck by a sneak attack from him.

At night, Ling Han continued to move. He didnt care. As long as Celestial Path elites didnt appear, he would be able to calmly escape even if he encountered Mystery Realm Tiers.

He only targeted those below Mystery Realm Tier, so he was naturally successful in every endeavor. After five consecutive days, a total of 12 people were robbed by him in the following few days, he was getting more and more proficient, being able to rob a considerable number in a single night.

This infuriated Wang Yu and the others. They had carefully investigated Hong Tianbu and the others, and had even allowed Bai Hongcai to exchange blows with Hong Tianbu and the others. Afterwards, they ruled out the suspicion around these three people.

If it wasnt these three people, who else could it be?

In the Imperial City, who else had the battle prowess of Mystery Realm Tier?

Wang Yu and the others studied this for a long time, trying their best to figure out what was going on. However, they still couldnt find a single suspect.

A dozen over days later, Ling Han finally stopped moving. Firstly, his targets had learnt their lesson, and obediently stayed home at night, and secondly, there were fewer and fewer people that had not been robbed. The majority of them were Mystery Realm Tiers.

Though Wang Yu and the others were looking for a suspect with Mystery Realm Tier-level battle prowess, Ling Han himself knew that his battle prowess had not crossed into Mystery Realm Tier. Against Mystery Realm Tier, he would definitely be at a disadvantage.

Looking at the Treasured Fruits of Life in his hands, there were already close to twenty of them, and their levels were not low either. They were either Enlightenment Tier-level, or Mystery Realm Tier-level, which was enough for him to break through to Inscription Tier.

Thus, Ling Han temporarily stopped his movements, and stayed at home in peace.

After so many days of looting, he had also experienced a considerable number of battles, which had produced very good tempering effects. He had Second Baby examine himself carefully again, looking for places that had not evolved to perfection.

After stabilizing his foundations, Ling Han planned to break through to the Inscription Tier.

This was foundations, and did not involve appreciation or anything of the sort. Thus, after he had stabilized his foundations, he would be able to break through, and there was no need for him to have any reservations.Gẹtt the l𝒂test 𝒏𝒐v𝒆ls at 𝒏.o/(v)/e/l/bi𝒏(.)co𝒎

Peng!

He heard a loud bang. The main doors should have been kicked open by someone.

Strange. Previously, he had going on robberies everywhere, and no one had come to cause trouble. Now, he was planning to stop, yet someone had come knocking on his doors.

Father, someones come to fight? The Calabash Brothers ran over one after another, all of them not angry, but excited.

It had been a long time since they had gotten into a fight.

This bunch of bellicose people.

Ling Han shook his head and walked out. He had just stepped out of the main hall, when he saw five people barge in. All of them had proud expressions on their faces, as they stood in the courtyard.

He couldnt help but wear a strange expression, because these five people were all victims that he had robbed before..